# File: The Book Of Worlds.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


q

ISS ZN

And all embraced in skylight

Or wreathed in fatal shade...


\

B

Credits

Written by: Phil Brucato, Heather "Alexis Hastings"
Curatola, Harry Heckel, Chris Hind, Angel Leigh McCoy,
Judith A. McLaughlin and Kathleen "Fisher Princess" Ryan
‘Additional Material by: Richard Dansky, James A. Moore
and Nicky Rea

Developed by: Phil Brucato

Edited by: Ed Hall

Vice President in Charge of Production: Richard Thomas
Art Directors: Aileen E. Miles, Lawrence Snelly

Layout and Typesetting: Katie McCaskill

Art: Ron Brown, Richard Clark, Jason Felix, Heather J
McKinney, Paul Phillips, Andrew Ritchie, Andy Trabbold
Front Cover Art: Shaggy Dixon

Front and Back Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

Suite 100
g 780 PARK NORTH BLVD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

GAME STUDIO

© 1996 by White Wolf

Reproduction without written permission of the pub-

All rights reserved

lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Mage The Ascension, Werewolf The Apoca-
lypse, Vampire The Masquerade, Wraith The
Oblivion, Changeling The Dreaming and Beyond
the Barriers: The Book of Worlds are registered
trademarks of White Wolf Game Studio. All names,
titles, characters and text herein are copyrights of
White Wolf unless otherwise noted.

The mention or reference to any companies or

ts in these pages is not a challenge to the
arks or copyrights concerned.

Je to mature themes and subject matter, reader
ion is advised.

eyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Special Thanks fo:

Ronni "0 Smoko" Radner, for swimming through the Crap.
Laurah "Kung Fu Grip" Legend, for discouraging car
thieves in, shall we say, a graphic manner (Owww!!).
Ethan "Ringmaster" Skemp, for surfing the Atrocity Wave.
Jane "Hir-roach-ima" Palmer, for calling in the nukes on
Bug City
Cynthia "Meteor Shower" Summers, for having all those
wishes come true at once.
Rich "Bells and Whistles" Dansky, for bringing the
GAMAs home.
Andrew "Outta the Frying Pan" Bates, for being Exiled to
E&D. Congrats, you psycho SOB.
Sarah "Barefoot Bride" Timbrook, for tying the knot in
God's country.
Ian "Redcap Toybox" Lemke, for the games he'll play at
GenCon.
Brad "Asbestos Nightie" Butkovitch, for tangling himself
up in the Net.
Lori "Hard Target" Snyder, for ditching Vampire Boy.
Charles "Paleface" Bailey, for doing the greasepaint thing
in June. Bleh!

..and Greg "Working Smarter" Fountain, Trace "Battle
Stations" o'Connor and Louvie "Den Mother" Locklear,
for keeping the Dragon(Con) fed.


TSX ZN

Contents
Prelude 4
Introductions All Around 8
Chapter One: Astral Worlds ee
Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain 48
Chapter Three: Enigmas 70
Chapter Four: Realms of Interest 100
Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies 136
Chapter Six: Those Beyond 158
Appendix: Game Systems 182

Table of Contents 3


By Kathleen Ryan

Deep in the Umbra, somewhere between the Horix on
Realm Shangri-La and Pluto's second moon Cerberus,
Amanda walks. In her hands is a silver cord, strong and

light, stretching behind and before her for as far as she can

ee

see. The minutes pass into hours, but she follows it pa-
tiently, knowing that
knowing that her friends keep the path secure for her.

at the end of the walk is home,

The thread snaps

Quick as thought, theshield magicksdrop,and Amanda
falls free in the void.

In the first startled second, the vacuum catches at
her breath, and the only air in a million miles escapes

her. The water in her breath freezes before her eyes

4 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Blood spurts from her e. sas the drums rupture, and then
the silence steals even her heartbeat. More slowly, her
skin burns, reddens, bruises blue, the capillaries bursting
into space. She fights nausea and loses, retching and
kicking, her hair floating forward into the mess Gasp-
ing, she curls up, eyes shut, knuckles clenched white
around the useless, broken cord,

She starts to drown,

At the edge of panic, the young mage ransacks her

mind and memory, hunting anything, ¢ erything she has

ever known, heard or thought about breathing the Ether.
Frantically she builds a wall of logic, a chain of reason to
bind her lungs to her bidding — and chokes on nothing.

She commands, shouting to herself (and her terrified


Avatar) believe or die! But desperation is no substitute for
faith, and her chest is empty still, smoldering fire. Near the

end, near unconsciousness, as the flame in her lungs flares

into her brain, Amanda screams in silent, throat-tearing
rage, maddened that the universe should dare disobey her.

It will be as I want it, she thinks more calmly, and
laughs, breathing easily.

Now she straightens, turning slightly clockwise and
end-over-end, drifting in a gentle wind. Her Avatar
manifests before her. The bloody-handed angel is trem-
bling, wings wrapped protectively around herself. Only

her little-girl face shows, terrified and pale.

We're safe? The angel asks, hesitantly.
We're dead
Reeling in the useless thread, the mortal half of the
i
Realms, no movement. The sun's disc is very small; she

ge studies the endless sky, but sees no planets, no

knows that the Horizon must be too far away to run to
or signal.

But we breathe. We live.

Amanda swings her bag around, sending her body
spinning in the opposite direction. She stops it against
her knees, slowing the spin, and finds her face next to the
spirit's feet.

We're still dying, she says plainly. You and the rest of
my soul are going to disintegrate in about six hours

She opens her bag just enough for one hand to enter,
fumbles through the floating contents. A rubber band
ties back her/hair, a wrinkled handkerchief mops up her
ears and face, a few packets of crackers go into her back
pocket on a whim — Amanda almost smiles at the
thought of this last meal.

The letter she was to deliver to Senex is still there.
She moves it carefully to a zippered panel of her
jacket, in the hopes that her body will be easier to find
than her bag.

Won't the others
pleadingly.

Maybe. If they know the thread's been cut. If it wasn't
cut because Cerberus is under attack. If we don't drift so far
that even the Old Man can't find us.

At last she finds what she wants: an old pair of opera

come looking for us? The angel a

glasses wrapped in a spare shirt.
What do we do? The angel is close to tears, now.

Stuffing the shirt back into the duffel, the mortal's
hand grazes the hilt of one of her spare knives, an ancient
bowie with a razor-sharp blade —a present from the Old
Man. Amanda grasps it tightly, longing for the safety of
her mentor's study on Cerberus, and pulls it free of the
bag. She straps the knife around her waist, double-

checking the thin loop of leather holding it in its sheath,

knowing that she will have to kill herself — to free her
Avatar before the six hours are up — if the angel is to
survive. Once more she looks to the sun, wondering
where and when the Old Man will come looking for the
angel again, what kind of body might hold her. She turns
back and finds the Avatar's eyes on the knife, but the
bloody-handed angel says nothing.

We watch, and wait, and try to arrange a signal.

Amanda shuts the bag, slings it, and settles back, scan-
ning patiently for any sign of life.
Thereseinanda says, pointing to a patch of 'black-

ness near the angel's right foot. Sunward, coming closer.

She rotates once more around, easing her free hand
forward, her left leg out and back, killing her momen-
tum. The tiny gray pinpoint becomes a tiny gray cloud,
then faint specks of light in a tight formation.

The Avatar drifes forward, wings barely moving. Her
face is still troubled. What is it? she asks.

Doesn't matter. We've only got three hours left.

It moves so slowly

That's an illusion. It's moving so fast it won't see us
as it goes by — assuming it has eyes and comes anywhere
near us.

How are we going to signal it?

Amanda looks her soul up and down, then extends
an open han

Come closer, and I'll show you

The angel smiles weakly, drifts back to her mage,
and puts her delicate, ivory-white and crimson fingers in
Amanda's callused fist. Without a word, the Euthanatos
yanks on the spirit's outstretched arm, pulling her in,
flattening her sideways, slamming into the folded wings
and twisting the arm up and behind, past the point of
pain, near breaking. The Avatar shrieks, and the sound
fills space and echoes in Amanda's silent skull. As the

angel screams, the faint light of her explodes in an eye-
shattering nova, and the mortal lets go in agony.

Even before she can see again, Amanda's thoughts
are on the glasses, and her left hand snatches them to her
face while the right is still twitching with pain. The
pinpoint stars have scattered; some are mis
half-dozen remaining are speeding straight for the fading
light.

It worked. Amanda glances over to her wounded
Avatar, pats the angel's hair gently. It's all right now.

ing, but the

The angel begins to cry.

Amanda raises the opera glasses again. The little
moving stars slowly show discs, clarify into six pairs of
glowing yellow eyes, bright but still very small and
distant. The first pair come close enough to show a body
behind them, and Amanda flinches as the tiny skull

Prelude 5

NA

INS

NW All

attached to those eyes drops out of focus and bumps its

nose into her right lens.

Too surprised to keep hold of the glasses, she lets
them drift out of her reach, studying the newcomers —
six ors

en mouse-shaped skeletons with intense golden
lights for eyes. They scurry around Amanda and the
angel, running steady on a plane she cannot see.

The young mage digs into her pocket for the crack
ers, black and blue fingers clumsy on the cellophane. She
hands a few to the angel.

ce if they like these, she says, and begins to throw
odds and ends from her bag. Pens, keys and knives spin

out in all directions as she maneuvers herself parallel to
the mic

. They fidget around her, nibbling at her hair
and jacket, crawling into her pockets whenever her spin
brings them above the spirits' "floor." Finally she stops
turning. With her head and shoulders securely above the
ground, she wills herself to grab hold of it, and pulls
herself up as easily as out of a swimming pool.

For the first time, she sees that the void around them
is not empty — along the mice's course there is a trail, a
faint gray line in a dusty black plain. She turns to her
Avatar, realizes that her soul has been standing on this
plane all along.

Now the mice have swarmed up the angel. Her wings
are open, and though her cheeks are still wet, the tears
have stopped. Two bony noses peek out from her hair,
one mouse perches on her right wing, three on her left,
and in her good left hand the last two are munching on
saltines, the crumbs falling through their empty ribs. She
bites her lip and frowns.

Amanda, guiltily unwrapping another pack of crack-
ers, leans forward to try to soothe her. The mice duck
their heads in and hide from her, running to the other
side of her Avatar, huddling in the hollow of the wings.

T want to go home, the angel whimpers, and begins to

cry again.

The mice perk up their heads as she speaks, and
twitch nervously in the shadow, eyes dancing. A mo-
ment later, they stream out in single-file, and the last in
line lifts its tail to the angel, beckoning with its forepaw
for her to take it. Fearfully, she reaches forward —
Amanda catches her other hand only just in time —and
the mice race off with the angel and her mage crawling
along behind them, faster than sound.

The sunis only isa pinpoint itself when the mice stop,
but Pluto and Cerberus are nowhere in sight. The line
breaks up as the spirits confer, skulls shaking nervously
around their leader, and in great agitation they run —first
under the Avatar's wings, then behind Amanda's boots,
then darting back along the trail sunward.

6 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

What the hell? Amanda curses, checking her watch.

There is only one hour left, and she reaches slowly

and bitterly for the old bowie knife.

Wait. A voice — two voices echoes in her head.

The young mage looks up in confusion to the angel
(collapsed in a feathery heap before her), then past the
pale spirit toa darkness storming up the path, swallowing
the stars behind it.

The darkness comes closer, and faintly now Amanda
sees the rider: Mitzi Zimmerman, the Old Man's
in-command. She guides her huge steed with a simple
rope halter, brings it to a standstill in front of them, and
still the horse is darkness, s
eerily undefined.

Nice to find you alive, Amanda. I thought I was looking
for a corpse

second-

lid and graceful, eyeless and

Mitzi dismounts, unties the halter. The darkness
dissipates, and black saddlebags fall to the ground.

Do you still have the thread with you?

Amanda reaches into her bag, pulls it out for the
older woman to see. Mitzi takes it and examines it
carefully, end to end, and tosses it over her shoulder,

where it disappears.

All right. This is how it is. She pulls a small glass jar
from her pocket, hands it to Amanda, Puta little of this in
each ear, and rub it on all the skin you can get to now. You
can do a more thorough job later, when you have time.

Amanda obeys, and Mitzi continues aloud in her
quiet, firm voice. "You can't go back to Cerberus now.
This thread was cut from there, and either we have to
clean house or the Hermetic refugees do. I'm hoping it's
a just misguided assassination attempt, and not some-
thing more serious, but... there it is. Someone back
home is out to get you.

"While I'm thinkin,
from Scherer?" She accepts it, throws it over her other

about it, do you have the letter

shoulder, and goes on.

"The plan is, you go back to the alchemist's shop,
keep quiet, and we'll call for you in about a week. I've
brought enough clothes and things to get you by for that
long — I really am so pleased you survived! — and
Scherer's apprentice can help you with anything I've
forgotten."

"I don't think they're going to want me back."

"Why not?" Mitzi hands Amanda the saddlebags,
and starts twisting the rope into a different pattern.

"L killed a man in Scherer's workshop."

"Oh. Shit... Who was it?"

"Richard Somnitz." She pauses, remembering. "Of
the House of Helekar, they said."


"Damnation. All right. New plan."

Mitzi takes a deep breath, thinks a moment. "Go to
the Steel Horse — it's the bar next to the machine shop
on the corner of Jade Lane and Nine Sun Ghost Street.
Don't ask your way there. Tell the bartender that the
Yama Kings sent you, and you want a room. Lay low.
Change your name, your clothes, your hair color, your
eye color, your walk, your talk, perfume, soap — every-
thing. You know better than I do."

She loops the rope out into space, and it settles down
onto the necks of two dark horses, the loose ends lying
lightly on the seat of a small black cart. Mitzi mounts,
s, and the angel drifts back into place.

Amanda follov

"We'll pic . if the
House is after you, and Gericault too, don't be afraid to
run." She clicks to the horses and flicks the harness

you up as soon as we can. But.

"You have all the universe to hide in," she says, and
the cart rolls on.

Prelude 7



1 ie,

* [Introductions
" All Around

Alexis Hastings

Greetings and good day, fellow travel

EN

The

places you will visit, the places you will see, do not exist. For there are only nwo

You wish to see the distant realms? Very well. But know this first

worlds — your world, which is the real world, and other worlds, the fantasy
Worlds like this are worlds of the human imagination: Their reality , or lack
These

Provide an escape. Provide a threat. Provide a

of reality, is not important. What is important is that they are there
worlds provide an alternate
dream, and power, provide refuge, and pain. They give your world meaning
They do not exist, and thus they are all that matters

The Faerie Queen, The Books of Magic (Neil Gaiman)

ts! Alexis est experts that we've been able to find to tell you all

Hastings at your service. This is so much fun —I've never about their pet places. I'd like to thank Porthos Fitz-

gotten to be a tourguide before. Anyway, without further Empress for giving us this extraordinary opportunity to

ado, let me tell you all about myself: To make a long story
short, I'ma Son of Ether, strange as it sounds. I could be an
Ether Kid, if you prefer. I travel through as much of reality
as I can find, exploring, researching, and finding new ways
to use electricity. But I digress

We're all
of the Otherworlds. Much as I would like to be an expert on

here today to take a wild and wonderful tour

them all, I'm afraid I am not. So, it's my pleasure to let you
know that later in the book we'll be bringing along the

publish this guide, and my good friend the wild and wacky
Fisher Princess. Don't mind her if she seems a bit... guarded.
She's not quite as enthralled with the concept of this guide
as Porthos and I are. But never mind, I'm sure she'll warm
to her topic. How can she not? While not an expert on the
whole of the Otherworlds, I am an incurable explorer and
sometime hopeless romantic, well qualified to give you the
basics of what you can expect when traveling to these

strange new realms.

Introductions All Around 9

I


NO Ail

Before You Go:
The Structure of the
Otherworlds

I suppose starting with a discussion of what the
Otherworlds are and how they are arranged would be best.
You've probably heard most of it before, but I fear | would

be rem you hadn't.

ss in not including it, just in c

A bit of a caveat, though: the Otherworlds defy con-
ventional mapping. Isuppose the Void Engineersare working
on it, but even they have failed, and a good thing it is, too.
Part of the fun and fascination of these places are that they
are unknown, and probably ultimately unknowable, be-
cause they change with every traveler's perception. Any
cosmology I give you is at best misleading, being based on
my own perceptions.

First Awareness

Having said that, mages and our lupine cousins, the
Garou, have identified a certain structure to the Otherworlds.
The first part of that structure you will have to be familiar
with is the Periphery. This state of perception provides our
first contact with the Otherworlds, even before we are

Awakened. Brief instances of absolute certainty, feelings of
danger, a tiny bit of precognition — all signs of the Periph-
ery brushing your subconscious. The Periphery does not
limit itself to the Awakened. People with what some of us
call an "Awareness Talent" can sense the world on this
level. For the most part, though, brief flashes, and trips into
the Dream Realms are the only touches of the Spirit World
most mortals will ever know.

Once you can feel the Periphery, you're ready to try to
cross the Gauntlet. This first barrier separates our physical

reality from the wondrous Otherworlds. The Gauntlet is
much stronger now than it was in the mythic past, bolstered
as it has been by the works of the Technocracy. They scored
a major victory when humanity lost its belief in the spiritual
and its sense of wonder and began believing in only what
could be seen and touched. The Sleepers are only now
beginning to appreciate the true e
ment of spirituality, and they've begun to rebel. This
outrage may be our greatest defense against the stagnation
of the Technocracy.

s of their abandon-

The Penumbra, Videre,

Resonance and Domains

After you successfully pass through the Gauntlet, you
enter the Near Umbra, which is made up of several parts.
The Penumbra provides a spiritual reflection of the reality
of the physical world, bathed in the twilight of the Moon.
Depending on your orientation, you might see this refle
tion from one of three perspectives. Mages have identified

10 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

three different ways of viewing the Penumbra, which the
Hermetics have labeled "Videre," and thes

color the way
a traveler sees the world she's just left. These Videre allow
you to see strong concentrations of the Resonance effect —
the traces left by something's nature or history — some-
times as colored auras, sometimes as archetypal images.
People with a strong faculty for abstract reasoning —
that is, we mages — see the physical world as a matrix of
patterns and auras,
Quintessence and shimmering with energy. If you go in
through astral travel (likea Mind Adept, or some vampires)

alled the Astral Videre, pulsating with

or technomagick, ot simply see things through the prover-
bial "clinical eye," your mind fills with visions of sparkling
energy anda clarity of sight you've likely never experienced

before. This clarity allows you to see things

as you imagine

them to be. For instance, if you happen to be a crusader for

right and justice, you'd probably see a statue of Lady Justice

asa bright light, casting out rays of hope and righteousness.
If, on the other hand, you believe the law is corrupt and
serves only criminals, you would probably see the statue

crackling with dark energy and a malevolent glare. The so-

called "auras" you've probably heard of carry a Resonance
impression, and literally colora person or place unless steps
have been taken to conceal them. The final vision, how-
ever, comes from what you bring with you.

Beings with a primal affinity — shapechangers, and a

few of our more Primordial Traditions and Essences — who
visit through Spirit magick see the world through the
Videre Spiritus, a wash of vivid sensory impressions. Bright
colors, sharp scents and an all-encompassing feeling of
oneness greet these visitors, who sometimes feel more at
home in the Penumbra than in the material world. The
patterns are there, but they look like webs and meshes,
skittering with spider-spirits and ghosted over with grin-
ning Umbrood. Brrrr! The Resonance in an item or location
is really apparent with this insight, and things are a lot less

subjective. You see what is, rather than what you think is
If that same statue of Lady Justice was used as a meeting
place for local Nephandi, you would most likely see cracks
forming in it and the marble discoloring. You get the idea.

The ultimate chill, though, is the view reserved for the
dying and the dead who pass over: the Videre Mortem. Not
that I've seen this myself, mind you, but I'm told these sad
folks see the world in perpetual decay — the mirror's
cracked, as it were. It's said that some of the dead and dying

may see a tunnel through the Penumbra, with a heaven or

sked

hell at the other end, but most of the people I've ¢

simply see the world through a dirtier glass. Some
powerful concentrations of life here energy blaze like bon-
fires, but other than that, it'sa Hollow One's hit parade (no
offense intended, guys!).

Some places — notably those which produce or retain
Quintessence flows — attain a slightly different nature in the
Penumbra. No matter which Videre you prefer, the essence of


these locations saturates all three "levels." Most authorities

call such places Domains, and their Resonance makes them
what they are. Toxic-waste dumps, crack houses, and other
similar places reflect their true natures, and become more
horrid than they are in physical reality, housing mad and
twisted spirits. These types of places are called blights. The
great cosmic balancing act also provides us with the opposite,
places called glens. These places of light and virtue, whether
they be virgin forests or urban safehouses for abused children,
carry a positive Resonance instead of a poisonous one. Do-
mains are not fixed places, but fluid, changing areas; one can
either shrink or grow, expanding and contracting its borders,
dependingon what happens in its correspondingarea in physical
reality. Many of our Spirit Masters claim that the number of
glens is shrinking at an alarming rate. Pleasant thought

The Three Worlds

The adventurous traveler will also find three Worlds in
the Near Umbra, layers of sediment floating in the great
cosmic test tube. These are the High Umbra, the Middle
Umbra, and the Low Umbra. Look, | know the terms aren't

terribly descriptive, but bear with me here, okay? The High

Umbra is the realm of ideas. Creativity, imagination, love,

justice, peace, hatred, and just about any other cerebral or
abstract concepts you can think of are found here. Most mages
favor the High Umbra over, and sometimes to the exclusion
of, all others. I will admit, I love the place. Creativity,
imagination, and wonder are the keys to good Science and,
in my humble opinion, the keys to Ascension. However, just
because the High Umbra embodies these ideals doesn't make
it the be-all and end-all. Many mages who refuse to acknowl-
edge the value of the other areas of the Umbra make prime
candidates for falling victim to their own pride.

The Middle Umbra presents wonder just as surely as
the High Umbra does. Perhaps I can describe it best as the
spiritual embodiment of the cerebral concepts of the High
Umbra. (1 like that. I think I'll use it.) Some say that the
Middle Umbra is the spirit of Nature. And in some places,
that couldn't be more accurate. But in others, it couldn't be
farther from the truth. There are places in the Middle
Umbra that have little to do with nature beyond humanity's
abuse of it. Generally, though, the Middle Umbra is a nifty
place. You can find anything you can dream of here. The
werewolves tend to consider it their personal playground,

however, so be careful. The fuzzies certainly know more
about it than anyone else, so they may be right. Of course,
some Traditions believe our Avatars give us just as much of
aright to be there as the Garou. Regardless of "rights," the

Garou really are the experts on the Middle Umbra. Suppos-

edly, some Realms exist in the Middle Umbra that are too
naturalistic even for the Dreamspeakers to reach, and some
too alien for any human to reach. Naturally, Senator, I can
neither confirm nor deny these rumors, but it wouldn't

surprise me. Our wolfish friends say that there are at least 13

AN
HA

12 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

realms here, plus a smattering of other places that they
won't talk about, though some have surmised that they
have to do with the ancestral spirits of the Garou tribes
Idon't advocate exploring the Low Umbra. Fascinat
ing as I'm sure it would be, it scares me. Death and decay
make their homes there. If you can talk to a ghost long
enough, I'm sure you could find out a good deal about it
Most mages never venture into the Low Umbra, and few
of those who do return to tell about it. If you have an

insatiable thirst for knowledge, talk to a Euthanatos or a

Dreamspeaker (see Chapter Three, if you're brave). They
were my source for information, and would be your best
bets for any real knowledge. The Nephandi are the only
others I'm fairly sure deal with the Low Umbra ona regular

basis, and you'd better not ask them

Zones

Besides the Penumbra and the Worlds, a number of
Zones float about the Near Umbra. They weave their way

bout like

bubbles in carbonated water. Some of them are lots of fun,

in, around, and through everything else, bobbir

and some of them are truly frightening reminders of the

powers we play with and the truths we have yet to learn
No one understands the Zones; they defy all attempts to
measure, define or categorize them in anything but the most
basic ways. The Digital Web, the Maya Dream Realms, the
Mirror Zone and possibly others we haven't found yet criss
cross the Worlds' layers. From what I've seen, they often take
on the "tone" of the "layer" they're crossing into (look I said
this wasn't an exact science. Bear with me). If you entered a
pleasant Dream Realm in the High Umbra, for instance, it
might shift beneath you and end up in the Low Umbra
"sector." Boom. Instant nightmare. Some places, I'm told,
never shift out of place, or do so only rarely. If that's true,
there are some sectors of the Web that are best avoided.

The Horizon and Beyond

Beyond the Near Umbra lies the Horizon, yet another
barrier in our endless quest for discovery. This one exists to
separate the Realms of the Near Umbra from the fluid reality
of the Deep Umbra and possibly to keep out such dark forces
as the masters of the Nephandi. Of course, the Horizon is
much more than a barrier, so it gives us something to explore
in itself. Perhaps you've heard of Umbral Chantries (a.k.a.
, or maybe even have one yourself. Well,

Horizon Realms
Umbral Chantries nestle here, in the Horizon, and mages are
not the only ones who create them. Powerful spirits have
their own Umbral "Chantries," and Nephandi and Maraud-
ers always hover about hoping for easy access to our world.
One more feature of the Horizon to pointout—the Shade
Realms. These Near Umbral reflections of the Shard Realms
that can be found in the Deep Umbra serve as doorways to the
Shard Realms themselves. At least, some of them do. And to
find out what that means, you'll just have to keep reading.


There is one place where | would be ostracized for life

if 1 didn't mention. And we can't have that, because I
already have my Paradigma articles written for the next
year. That, of course, would be Etherspace. Did you hear

that?

Let's try it again. (Deep, resonating echo effect)

my Tradition. Electricity and Ether, what a combination!

I'm very thankful for Etherspace, myself. If the Technoc-

racy hadn't decided to declare Ether nonexistent, it would
have taken much longer for us to leave them, and then |
might not be here hosting this travel guide for you. That

would truly be a shame. Now,

the rest of the Traditions
know Etherspace as the Deep Umbra and the Technocrats
prefer The Void. Kinda boring, | think
much more exciting ring to it

"Etherspace" has a

The Deep Umbra is rather a mystery. I love mysteries,
don't you? Even in all of our legendary pride, I think we'd
be hard-pressed to find a mage arrogant enough to actually
claim to know and understand the Deep Umbra. The
rumors about what's out here pale in comparison to the
truth. Twisted spirits, abominations so bent we can't com-
prehend them, the Labyrinths of the Nephandi, perhaps
even their masters — all things that are said to be out here.

Not to discourage you though; the Deep Umbra does
have some really interesting places. The above-mentioned
Shard Realms, for instance. Supposedly pieces of the origi-
nal Creation, some claim that they correspond to the other
nine planets (including the Moon, of course), and the nine
Spheres of Magick. Other strange Realms float around out
here too, like Paradox Realms (where you go when consen-
sual reality sends you to your room for being a naughty little

mage) and Umbrood Re:
guess by the name), created by powerful Umbrood spirits. |

Ims (which you can probably

can't tell you too much about those, so I'll just let you hear
it from our esteemed panel of experts a little later on.

Those Stuck Within the Mud

Speaking of the Technocracy, they don't agree with us
much on the Umbra, not that this should come as much of
asurprise. When do they ever agree with us much? Accord-
ing to the Technocracy, the Umbra must not be allowed to
intera

ct with physical reality. They claim its "alternate
dimensions" contain threats too powerful to control, yet
too compelling to ignore. They post Void Engineers at the
Horizon to prevent anyone from crossing, all the while
putting their own people in the Deep Umbra to explore it

nd close it off to anyone they don't think should know
about it. Imagine! Trying to cut us off from Etherspace after
claiming it didn't exist. It's an outrage, really
Technocrats want Horatio to be able to tell Hamlet
he's wrong. Everything in

arth has been dreamt of (and
processed, approved, and catalogued) in their philosophy,
and there's no Heaven to worry about. (Sorry, Will, but I
couldn't resist.) I suppose in their way most of them think

IN

they're doing the right thing. And in some cases, they even
have a point. After all, they dislike the Nephandi and the
Marauders at least as much as we do. Nonetheless, the
inherent flaw in their theory is seeing everything that
doesn't conform to their world view as "supernatural," or at
least "deviant." Personally, I think I am quite natural, and
wouldn't consider myself much of a deviant (my friends are
another story). And if our Avatars really are shards of an
ancient One, I wouldn't call them "supernatural."

Technocrats, as well as many Sons of Ether and Virtual

Adepts, see the Otherworlds as nothing more exotic than
ay!), populated by
Earth. I suppose the concept of

other dimensions (exotic enough, I'd

aliens coming to invade the
alternate dimensions has gained enough credence among
the Sleepers to be a legitimate explanation for them.
Alternate dimensions could perhaps be explained scientifi-
cally and alien life isn't necessarily impossible. Myself, |
don't see that it makes much difference. Think of them as
alternate dimensions, if you'd like. It's an accurate enough
description; there are certainly spirits out there that would
like to take over, and if you want to look at it right, you are
entering another dimension of reality. Call me a radical. |
don't think science and spirit are mutually exclusive.
Basically, the Otherworlds are what you make of them.
Ihave never heard any two explorers agree on the details of
the Umbra. As far as I can tell, you see what you expect to
see there. That is one of the unfortunate side effects of this

tide; by explaining these places, we'll be coloring your

views on what you'll see. Instead of going there and exp

riencing your own perceptions, you're probably going to
experience your understanding of our perceptions. Don't
think about it too much unless you're willing to get a
headache. Just try to keep in mind, when you travel to the

Umbra, that each time you go is a highly personal experi-

ence. Keep an open mind, and don't worry if you don't see
too much of what is described here. Let your own vision and
your own creativity take hold, and lead you where they will.
Life would get awfully boring if we all saw the same thing —
we wouldn't be able to have such wonderful philosophical
discussions. Which brings us to the philosophy of the
Otherworld

Do we make the Shadow worlds? Or are they independent
of us, awaiting our footfalls? Or is there an unfairly excluded
middle? Is it a matter of more or less, rather than either-or?

— Roger Zelazny, The C

What a great quote, and how true it is! Debates rage

Dourts of Chaos

about whether the Umbra takes its form from the physical
world, or the physical from the Umbra, or whether the two
really have much to do with each other at all, outside of the
Penumbra. Are Realms waiting there to be discovered, or
does humanity create them with its collective ungenscious!
Is the Umbra just a reflection of what happq
physical world, or does what happens in the Uf
affect the physical world? suspect that like most

Q/

ID.

NO All

lWZZ

truth lies somewhere in the middle. I certainly don't know
the answers. But keep the questions in mind. Maybe youcan
be the traveler to come up with a breakthrough on this one.

That concludes our cosmology section. | hope you found

it interesting, or at least useful. I couldn't very well send you

off into our guest-stars' discussions of their favorite Realms
without giving you some idea of where these places are.

Travel

Not so fast. You
going to traipse about the Umbra, you need to know what

n't get rid of me that easily. If you are

to expect. I think we ought to get down to the nitty-gritty
of what you might actually find once you get to the Umbra,
not to mention how you get there in the first place.
Getting There

Flights leave daily for Horizon and selected destina-

tions from all major cities, courtesy of Etherways E

press.

Contact your nearest Chantry for information on sched-

ules, fares, and all-inclusive vacation packages...
I'm afraid not, though it's an interesting concept

Perhaps a travel agency devoted exclusively to the service

of mages... Sorry, | geta bit distracted sometimes. Anyway,

there are a few different ways you can wake up one day and
find yourself touring the Otherworlds.

The first and, if you have access to the proper places,

easiest is to find a portal or gateway to the Horizon. Most
Chantries with an Umbral component will have access to
the Horizon. Of course, many of them don't have any way
out of the Horizon to anywhere else, but that's a problem for
another time. If you really want to explore the Umbra,
you'll probably have to do it by more difficult means.
First, if you happen to be extraordinarily talented with

Mind magick, you might be able to send your mind spinning

out of your body into the wild blue yonder. Also known as
astrally projecting, this power allows you to float about,
disembodied, through the Umbra. If you can do it, I'm sure
you can imagine the difficulties and the advantages. Now,
I prefer to go physically when I can manage it. This does
, though.
(Incidentally, I'm told the Void Engineers have their own

requirea reasonable understanding of Spirit magic!

version of the Spirit Arts which they call Dimensional
Science.) Sad to say, I can't do it myself yet. So, I do what
many of us do — make really good friends with someone
who's really talented with Spirit. Some of my best friends
are Spirit masters — Job Lightfoot, Euthanatos, Spirit

Master, good friend and cabal member, for example—and
I love them all. If you can't get there yourself, this is the
next best thing. Besides, trips are always more fun (and
safer) with a friend. Failing all of those, if you're really
lucky or really good, you might be able to find or, um,
"liberate" (notsteal, not atall) a Talisman or other Device

that provides you passage into the Otherworlds.

14 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Once You Arrive

Now that you've gotten there, and you're reading this
by the bright moonlight, you need to know how to get
around, It's really just a matter of thinking of where you
want to be and then going. Of course, your life will be
much easier if you or someone in your group knows where
you're going and has been there before. Strictly speaking,
I that if youdon't

it's not necessary, just easier. [tis essenti
know where you're going you at least understand the
general layout of the Otherworlds. Go to your local Chantry
and sign up for a cosmology class!

Each of the Three Worlds has its own mode of travel;
you might skim through the High Umbra on wings of
consciousness, or walk the Moon Paths of the Middle
Umbra, or stumble into a Nihil in the Underworld.
Travel outside the Horizon usually demands some kind

of ship unless you're a really talented astral traveler. Each
chapter will cover the means of Otherworldly travel. As
for crossing between the Three World themselves, I'm
told it's a real trick. Supposedly, this involves a radical
shift of consciousness — one most explorers won't be
able to manage

Another important note: physically entering the Um-
bra allows you to use any magick you like. If you enter the
Umbra Astrally, you are limited to Mind magick. The
good news for everyone is that all magick is coincidental
in the Umbra. Enjoy!

Staying Safe
Like any place, the Otherworlds have their own
hazards. And much like any other new place, you'll be

safest if you know how to protect yourself and deal with

any situations that might arise. Situations that may arise
in the Umbra are analogous to, yet rather different from,
those you might encounter on a street in a foreign city.
An important point of vocabulary before we con-
ed
frequently throughout this book. They're generally the

tinue. You will see the words "spirit" and "Umbrood" us

same thing. Some mages might want to make a semantic
quibble of it, and point out all the nuances and different
shades of meaning, but such differences are hardly impor-
. Most of the inhabitants of the Umbral Realms
are spirits, but you might encounter a material being or

tant her

two, and sometimes it's next to impossible to tell the
difference. Be aware that just because you perceive some-
thing doesn't mean it's the truth.

Dealing with the inhabitants of the Umbra is similar
to meeting the citizens of a strange country. The spirits
who dwell there vary even more than the philosophies of
their visitors. More different types of spirits exist there
than I can even conceive of, let alone list for you. Many
of them will be quite friendly once they get to know you.
The best course of action upon meeting a new spirit is to


IL Ne

| stiaw: te respect, "Thik Gyeven more importantsin: the
strange Realms of the Deep Umbra. Determining the
paweroracgpiri: inniexe'to imposaiblejust by lookingsat
it.' Many spirits can: change their forms, cheir appear-
ances, their communication almost at will. Angering
one of them is-an extraordinarily poor idea. Use some
common'sensevand don't let: yourspride eet: in:the way,
and you'should becokay;

Just as you'll meet the "citizens" of the Umbra, like
by touflst you should alo' be prepared for theiweacher.
Travelers have reported gusts of Umbral Wind blowing
through the Umbral regions, knocking them offtheirpath
and heading somewhere else entirely. Some speculate that

such "storms" are the work of an Avatar interested in

going somewhere other than where you're intending,
some insist that the winds are the result of tears in the
Gauntlet, yet more claim the winds are trying to blow
away the stench of stagnation and weaken the Gauntlet.
Regardless, be aware of them.

Tourists commonly want to see scenic vistas spread-
ing out before them. Well, the Vistas I'm about to
explain aren't necessarily very scenic. Vistas drift through
the Umbra, seemingly unconnected to anything else. I
do not know of anyone who has ever managed to enter
one, and I'm told it is impossible. With the cooperation
of friendly Garou, I can tell you what our furry friends
know. Umbral travelers have identified four different
types of Vistas: Death, Stasis, Chaos and Origin. I don't
know of any mages who have seen any others, but no one

says there can't be others. Basically, they're pretty self-

explanatory. Death Vistas show visions of death (often
your own), which can be so realistic that you really think
you are dying. Stasis Vistas show you what the world
would be like under the Technocracy. Nothing ever
changes, nothing grows, nothing moves, and there's
really no hope left for anything. Chaos Vistas show you

what the mind of a Marauder must look like. The exact

antithesis of Stasis Vistas, they aptly illustrate why we do

need some order. Origin Vistas are a bit more mysterious,

in that they seem to only show an explosion. Some have
claimed to see more, including the fragmenting of reality
and creation of the Gauntlet, but none of them seem to
remember it very well.

That's about it for what I can tell you about the
Otherworlds, at least here. I'll be sharing duties with the
Fisher Princess to introduce our guest authors and the
places they'll be telling you about. I hope you'll find this
introduction useful; put some bookmarks in it and refer
to it if you get confused. You'll find a glossary of impor-
tant terms below for your referencing pleasure. If you
have any questions or comments, E-mail me at
hastingsa@paradigma.com. Hold on to your hats,
the nearest Spirit Master and your power source and here
we go! Good luck and happy traveling!

‘ab

Introductions All Around 15


16

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

The Fisher Princess

First:

am writing for and co-editing this book under
protest, because I owe Alexis a favor and because my father
wishes it. I do not agree with them that this kind of knowl-
edge should beset down instatic form. Time kills information,
They

needed, but this goes against my second objection: written

ak of future updates, and more editions when

down, printed and available on the Digital Web, this infor-
mation is readily available to our enemies

On the other hand, the basic survival skills and sweep-
ing cosmological explanations may save a few lives. Porthos
and Alex feel this benefit outweighs the risks. I don't know

Therefore, I swear to you that all I shall tell you is true,
to the best of my knowledge. Some things which I know
about the Outer Realms are best left unmentioned, some |
have promised to withhold, and some even Doissetep Press

agrees are too dangerous to our cause if published. I tell you
now that I am not telling you everything.

Second: My name is Dindaine, and I am called by
some the Fisher Princess. | am 23 years old and female and
English is my first language. Though I do not claim
membership in any Tradition, my mindset is closest to
that of the Virtual Adepts.

I introduce myself in this fashion for a reason: Any
guidance we can give you is slanted already by who we are
When you read Lord Gilmore's monograph on the Mercurian
Cosmology, remember that he isa Hermetic mage. What he
knows about the Umbrae is supremely valuable to others in
the Order, useful to like-minded Traditions, but (unless the
reader has an excellent grasp of the workings of the universe)
useless, or even harmful, to Dreamspeakers

So. Know your navigator

Third: The best advice | can give you on actual travel
in the Umbrae is to throw this book away and find a real
worldwalker to teach you. The Dreamspeakers are best

If youcan'tdo that, put this book down and go read The
Phantom Tollbooth, by Norton Juster. I'm not kidding. Do it,
and then come back to Alex and me:

These things are important, particularly if you have had
the misfortune (like Alex and myself) of having a modern
Western education. We are all crippled. For years ourschools
have taught us nine-planet, one-sun, airless, Etherless,
Umbraless, barren cosmology. The map of the Solar System
provided by the Consensus is wrong in almost every respect.

The one thing that the mundane map of the system is
good for is this: It shows relative distance between worlds.
The distance isn't important, but the farther away two
bodies are in the mundane map, the more difficult it is to
travel between them. More on this in the spacefaring
sections of the book

Fourth: Be careful, and be polite. Alexis said it, I say it,
and anyone who survives the Otherworlds says it. We will
probably say it many more times before this book is through.


The Mercurian
Cosmology

Written for this volume by Lord Edward
Gilmore.

Once upon a time, there mas no such thing as common
knowledge about the ©thenworl2s. the Uembrae. or even the
Seton, iges relicDon experimentation and work Dof mouth

Jor navigation through the CTellurian. SKastily wribbled
maps anda few well-known portal sequences were the only tools
anatlable.

Sn some
attitudes
unirerse better. ‘Che spirits we encounter merery comer of the
untrerse respect these abilities far more than Cen
mechanical know-how. or blind obedtence to establishe P map

At the time of the first €
agparent to every Tradition that the only real aPrantage our
side passesseDorer the der of Reason was free. mdiviDual
DWnmbral travel. Phantries like Cerizon and SDoissetep
could move to other Realms without cutting themselves off

‘Cravel mas hase? on skill and intuition

maps, this mas preferable to our modern

Jormlessness and namelessness seem t fit the

Council. however, it became

completely only because their members v

(and are) capab
of commuting' to and from the arth and the other
huttlefielDs of the Ascension Mur

Che SCreurian Gesmology
pear perio? (roughly igor to 1520) bp members of the tors
Collegis, SCbreuris, SBatini an? Kermetic: SCrsters
working in concert attempted lo Refine and expla the workings
of the major features of the unmrerse. Che Ahl-1SBatin
contributed Inge amounts of solid Data, folklore and a Deep
unberstan®ing of the nature of sp
Order of enmes provided logic. consistency and what some
constier an orerly-analytical approach. Che members of the
College relied on suident volunteers and indepenBent scouting
aathals (meluding the legendary Orele of Seren) to Pouble-
check thetr theories and explore: loft nague in travelers tales.

Dern mages, the C Stomolagys conclusions seem

20

as Ceneloped over a

ean? Correspondence. The

re

‘Co moi
obvious and antiguated. 31 1s important to remember that at
the time, even Sttisters could be completely ignorant of
everyday things like the SGirror Beane. oricon Realms
or the moons of Suputer.

‘Che Cosmology contains the first written mention of the
Three OP erl2s theory. That thereare within the Szrizon
Ahree separate, overlapping Umbrac. Che Sigh or Astral
LUmbra ts the province of thought and inspiration of (eas and
Che SEW He or Spirit Umbra is the most

EASON.

understood. this

traveled to and most &
home of spirits. shapechangers. SBygones, and the memories
planets Che Row or Dark Umbri the most fr
and the least understood even now. St is the Domain of the

commo)

ightening

restless Pea? ‘negative' spirits and Fespair. The most striking
conclusion of the Cosmolagys authors was that Sigh
Se an? Row were misleading terms, suggesting that
travel between the igh and Row must pass through the
Se. The ircle of Seren proved otherwise

Che Follege made its
with the realization that the SPream Bone, the SCirvr
Sone and the ‘space' which the Qutb telepathic network
existed (now better known as the Digital NPP) were three
°s of the same phenomenon.All three were listed in the
tion of the manuscript (as in this book) é
the clas Che authors could nov agre
common elements to gure a new term to the three, and? they
Lecame known as the reat Cimigmas,

OW hat they could and 212 say was that all thre
to extend in every Direction from the point of view of an
observer inside. from the outside, howerer, all three scem to
Le ‘skinny. almost beo-Dtmensional SY the three Umbrae
were a triple-decker layer cake, andpou took a kif, cutting
wt into three slices, the S@irrer Bone, the Sream Bone
and the Digital N°tb would be the spaces m between the
cake. Anant milking along the top of the cake would be able
to step across the gap and continue hus journey. or climb Yown
into the cut. Sn the cake, as in reality, the top part of the cut
woul? hare clements in common with the cake around it. Che
SDigital MPL for instance, has Dark sectors near the
pots whei n cross to the Row Umbra.

AaiorPing to the heaily SBatini-influence? Comal,
the pont at which all three Umbrae an? all three Great
Ceamgnas crossed would be SCout Qaafs hughest peck, and
that the mountain itself marke? thecrossreads between all worlds,

Che authors, never having ha? the goo? fortune to

second stunning breakthrough

sification.

om enough

om

encounter chocolate laper cake, t
the Srl? Cree. Sn this version XCount Qay af becomes
the heartwoo? of the Cree.

Ceesiies these substantial (and still accepte®) theoretical
contributions, the Csmolagy also undertook the immense task
of defining an? standardizing the language use) (bp the

analytical Traditions) in Piscussing the unirerse. SNotallof

their terms were accurate. and many are no longer used toPay,
but the Cosmolagy is a work in progress. Che following
m includes the Fefinitions of the modern version.

Introductions All Around

Hes ey

the classical analogy of

q

DD. N


"BuryyCioea fo j10g aio puv Fopiaao saudy yf SHINO "GT uoraygc' SI seysvay [Duayjoy" FI
suppay xoposng" EX sjaunjg / swpoay pavyg- SI swpoay apoyg"1x asvdsuayyy / diquiy) Jaaq-OX (adiquiy) 2.4} ]]0 ut punof) supoay jo.quiy)*6
spoaysoyuy"g viqunuag'Z vuquy) moT-g vuquiE) app "SG vaque yyy uoropy-S ppoy [ouaoy-s (JOO qunopy) wyoaupryy*t

Gojowsor uvuunsiayy ayy

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

18


_

Sy.

.exicon

Airt: An Otherworldly trail left by a spirit's passage
Hard to find, but more flexible than Moon Paths

Aisling: A journey into the Otherworlds.

Astral Trav

ing one's mind from his body, leaving the body behind.

tering the Otherworlds by project-

Domains: Places in the Penumbra sustained by some

other reality. Domains usually contain some powerful Reso-
nance related to their energies. Corrupt areas are called
blights, while areas of purity are called glens. Gateways past
the Horizon are known as Anchorheads.

Far Umbra: Space outside the Horizon. This is where
the three Umbrae are one, indistinguishable. Also called the
Deep Umbra, Deep Universe, Etherspace and the Void.

Gauntlet: The barrier between the Penumbra of a
planet and the mundane side. Only four Realms are known
to have one: the Earth, the Moon, Venus and Mars.

Great Enigmas: The Dream Zone, the Mirror Zone,
and the Digital Web.

High Umbra: The World of ideas made manifest;
divided into the Vulgate (common concepts), Courts
(Umbrood Realms) and Epiphamies (abstract concepts),
which can often be reached only through Astral travel.

Horizon, The: The "barrier" separating the Near Um-
bra from the Far or Deep Umbra. | include barrier in quotes
because the Horizon is not a sharply defined obstacle; it is
a wide belt of space only slightly more difficult to pass than
the areas within and without it. Even so, the Nephandi and
their kind find it difficult to cross.

Maya: The Dream Zone, also called the Dreaming by the
fae and the Dreamtime by Australian shamans. An enigmatic
universe in which normal laws do not apply. See Zone

Moon Paths: Glowing paths which run through the
Middle Umbra at night, and cross into the lower levels of
the High Umbra.

Near Umbra: Space inside the Horizon. This is where
the Three Worlds exist.

Overlap Zone: Whenever two Realmsoverlap or exert great
influence over one another, a new "Realm" is formed. The most
famous of these are the Verbena Seasonal Realms, formed by the
overlap of Venus' Spirit Realm with the Shade Realm of Life.

Pattern Web: A network of spirit-webs which bind the
Middle Umbra to the high and Low Worlds, and criss-cross
between Realms there. Garou myth claims these webs tie
creation together.

th has three,
one in each Umbra. Mars, Luna and Venus each have one.

Penumbra: The spirit aspect ofa planet

Pericarp: The "Gauntlet" around a Realm, which often
resemblesashimmeringmistoran opaqueshell from the outside
Walking into a Realm without using the "door" (a portal or
gateway) requires getting around the pericarp (using Spirit 5).

NEDA


NW

ee | |WZaD

20

tA

S|

Periphery: The state of
while remaining on the mund
Portal: A more.
A temporary port

pet
lane side of a Gauntlet.
-or-less permanent gateway to.a Realm
al is called a Gate.

Realm: Anything youcanst
the "empry space" of the Umbrae. Types: Paradon Real
Horizon Realm, Dream Realm, Court, planet, moon, Actral
Realm, and (technically) Overlap Zone or Grest Eninna

Shade Realm: The shadow cast by a Sh —
the Horizon. Although they seem to "mirror" the nine Shes}
they differ from the "scientific" portrait of those worlde in,
many ways. Also known as $.R.,as in "SR. Matter"

Shard Realm: A large fragment of the One, by Cho
definition. Inplain English, the Sun, thenineplanetsand ang.

Shenti: Three theoretical ur-Re
bra, epitomizing stasis (Weaver), dynamism (Wyld) avd
entropy (Wyrm). Each seems to haves the
Near Umbra, as well as flo
directly to the Rea

and on or in, as opposed to

ard Realm upon

dLuna

ms in the Deep Um-

"reflection" in the

ating Anchorheads leading
alms themselves.

Gamespeak

The world is a beautiful book, but of little use to him who
cannot read it.
— Carlo Goldoni

Hi, folks! This is your developer speaking. While char-
acternartations are fun—and essential when you're describing
something as subjective as the Otherworlds — there's atime
for simple gamespeak. A time for presenting the rules.

Now, I have kind ofa dilemma where rules are concerned.
I hate ‘em. When running a game myself, I tend to avoid using
them as much as possible. However, | also realize what a messa
Storyteller can get into while free-forming a game, particularly
if she's got a couple of dreaded Chart-Checking Loophole-
Finders nesting in her chronicle. Sometimes, we just need to
know how to resolve a situation: How does a mage reach the
Shadowlands?How well does Spirit magick workin Autocthonia?
Obviously, we need a few rules to run our Mage games, and we
need them ina place we can find easily in the midst of play.

In the back of this book is an Appendix composed
entirely of rules, grouped chapter by chapter for easy refer-
ence. These are the "official" systems —as official as they get,
anyway. You can use whichever ones you like, and discard
whichever ones get in the way. When running Otherworlds,
it's often good to keep your playéts guessing. After all, a
Realm isn't very mysterious when a player exclaims "Hey, I
know how to get out of this! Use Life 3, Prime 5, roll eight
successes at difficulty 8, and we're free!" Use these rulesas you
will. They should save you an agonized call to my office :-).

Before we begin, I also wanted to offer you Storytellers
a few bits of advice for running the Otherworlds in general.
As I said, the rules are in the back. Have fun!

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

ee

ceiving the Otherworlds

Silver Cord: The mysticka

al connection betwe
een a
mortal body and that person's ,

astral form.

Spires: High Umbral towers and mount,
ing an elevated

Realms,

ains represent-
state of mind. To reach the highest Astral
, a traveler must either pass through :
ascend one of the Spires .

Stepping Sideways: W
and entering the Umbrae in

a portal or

alking through the Gauntlet
"solid" form.

Three Worlds: The Umbrae — High, Middle and

Low — of Our ow Id, Ear
our own world, Earth.
V ;

she views the materi

which embody elements

ere: The perspective an Umbral traveler gets when
al world from the Penumbra, De
on her orientation, she may see things throy
Astral Videre, the Videre Spiritus or the

Tse:

a. Depending
igh either the
Videre Mortum.
A reality which permeates the Near Umbra
yet exists in a separate space. Maya, the Mirror Zone
the Digital Web and the odd Vistas are exemples sf
Zones. Also called Great Eni corer ly
understands them

igmas, because no one really

Storyteller Hints

© The Otherworlds are ever-changing: We're not
talking about sdlid places, here. the Otherworlds exist in a
constant state of flux. Even veteran travelers are often
surprised by the way things change between visits. While
the general nature of a Realm will usually (not always!)
remain the same, some subtle changes will always occur
over time. In short, nothing here is set in stone.

* The Otherworlds are infinite: Imagine every idea
you ever had became a place; now imagine that every
idea everybody had became a place, if only for a moment.
Get the picture? Anything you want to do with the
Otherworlds can be done. The handful of Realms pre-
sented in this book remain more or less as they're
described, at least in the modern world. Dream Realms,
Paradox Realms and Astral Worlds change constantly,
however, and often appear differently to the same people
in the same place. You want your troupe to adventure in
your favorite novel for a while? It's floating out there in
the Dream Realms, and just because the characters might
recognize where they are, doesn't mean they can predict
what's going to happen during their stay!

This book is a guideline; the only limits on your
chronicle are your own imagination and your willingness
to experiment.

Keep rules toa minimum; description is king: Hard
systems not only restrict the possibilities of your world, they
also get predictable, especially if you have one of those
annoying players who buys all the books before you do!
Don't feel restricted by the rules unless you need something
to fall back on.


When running an adventure in one of the Otherworlds,
emphasize atmosphere, description and uncertainty over
chart-checking. Since many of these Realms spring from an
archetype, the stories that take place in them will be larger
than life. Voices will be louder, colors brighter and vistas
anything our tired Earth has to offer. Rather
than constantly repeating "It's big! It's really big!," you may

grander than a

want to concentrate on emotional reactions, sensory im-
pressions and each characters' background. "Alissa," you
might tell the Dreamspeaker in Authocthonia, "you feel an
almost physical oppression here, as if a 10-ton weight was

lowered onto your coffin, sealing you inside. You, on the
other hand," you tell the Virtual Adept, "have never seen
a toybox like this in your life!" The world that flows from a

group of impressions will be far more engaging and imme-

diate than one which begins "You go 20 feet down this
corridor, then turn right. There are three doors at the end
of the hall. Which one do you open?" In short, keep the
tules out of the picture unless you need them. When you do

need them, see the Appendix.

Osing This Book

Within each chapter, all the Realms have been laid out
in a similar fashion:

Each place begins with a Description, which shows us
what many travelers ha n; the Background offers the
most commonly-known history of the land (which may or
may not be true, depending on your wishes); Places of
Interest display iety of important locations within the
Realm; Finally, Ecology explains how the Realm maintains
itself, and mentions important figures there. Rules systems
are offered at the back of the book.

Other References

Even a book as huge as Beyond the Barriers can't offer
all the possibilities for every denizen of the World of
Darkness. The rules and Realms we describe are familiar
. They need
not appear orwork the same way in your personal chronicle,

places in our vision of the World of Darkne:

IL \ 2

Although this book is made to be self-contained, some rules
systems and specific details must be left to other game
books. The Mage Second Edition rulebook has the basic
cosmology and essential systems you'll need in Chapters
One and Nine, but a few other rulebooks and supplements
may be helpful for intricate adventures and crossovers:

Spirits and Bygones, and the rules for same: Werewolf:
The Apocalypse, Werewolf Players Guide, Book of the
Wyrm, Axis Mundi, Umbra: The Velvet Shadow, The
Book of Madness and Ascension's Right Hand.

* The Shadowlands: Wraith: The Oblivion, Wraith
Players Guide, Sea of Shadow and Dark Kingdom of Jade.

* The Dreaming: Changeling: The Dreaming and
Nobles: The Shining Host.

Horizon Realms, Chantries and the Web: The Book
of Chantries and Digital Web (recently reprinted together
as Mage Classics) and Horizon: The Stronghold of Hope.

Space travel, and tools for same: Sons of Ether and
Void Engineers. Bill Bridges' novel The
nice description of Umbral travel, and it's a fun read,
besides.

* Non-White Wolf inspirations include several DC/
Vertigo comics titles (Sandman, Shade: The Changing Man,
Swamp Thing, John Constantine: Hellblazer, Doom Patrol,
The Invisibles, and Books of Magic), Realms of Fantasy by M.
Edwards and R. Holdstock, and any number of fantasy

ver Crown has a

novels. Books on symbolism can be really helpful, especially
Carl Jung's Psyche and Symbol and David Fontana's The
Secret Language of Symbols. Alice K. Turner's The History of
Hell, Dante's Inferno and H.P. Lovecraft's Dreamlands books
can be invaluable inspirations. Compilations of art by M.C.
Escher, Edward Blake, H.R. Giger, Frank Frazetta, J.K.
Potter, Susan S. Boulet and any number of fantasy artists
offer Storytellers some visual stimulation, and films like The
Adventures of Baron Munchausen, City of Lost Children,
Forbidden Zone, Dreamscape, The Dark Crystal, The
Never-Ending Story, Time Bandits, 2001: A Space Odyssey,
and the Aliens movies can set your imagination spinning
into the right realms. Have fun!

Introductions All Around

aS

|| DW

21



_ Chapter One:

Astral Worlds

We are the stuff that dreams are made of
William Shakespeare, The Tempest

Hey, folks! Alexis here. Ready to tie our brains in a
knot? Good! Let's begin.

By definition, an Astral Realm is anything you can
stand on inside the Astral Umbra. In practical terms, what
you're standing on are clusters of fairly solid thoughts. They
begin on the fringes of the Penumbra and work outward
from there. As the concepts they represent grow more and

more abstract, the Realms grow further and further "away,"
becoming harder and harder to reach, until only the most
advanced minds can even comprehend them.

Just as all beings with souls or spirits are present in the
Middle Umbra in some small way, every thinking being has
aslight presence in the High Umbra. Minds (human, dog,

dolphin, Umbrood or other) jump from idea to idea, and

dreaming minds in particular seem to travel instantly be-
tween Realms

ach mind that passes through an area
leaves a track or residue. Some thinkers build up an area,
some break it down, but most have no effect. Real dreamers
and true iconoclasts are rare.

Astral Realms occur naturally when many people inventor
consider the same concept. They occur artificially when spirits,
Incarna, powerful Umbrood or great mages gather thought-stuff
together. The most advanced Realms, the Epiphamies, ex-
tend past human thought patterns altogether. I assume that
Oracles of the mental disciplines form such refuges from the
tapestries of their own minds. Since no one I've ever met can
verify having traveled so far out, my own thoughts on the
matter will have to occupy Realms of their own. :-)

Chapter One: Astral Worlds 23


NO Ail

NZ

How to Get There

Again I'm frustrated by the limits of my medium —
it is almost impossible to explain this in static form.
Bear with me, and don't expect too much.
Essentially, most travelers into the astral reaches
think their way there. It's easiest to begin in the Spirit
Umbra and then move "up."
on Earth proper, the procedure is the same. Open your

Whether you start there or

senses to the Periphery, and try to focus, not on the

"feel" of your perceptions but on the "essence." Vague,
I know. There are better words for the concept, but they
vary by Tradition. What you're trying for is to use Mind
in the same way to go "up" that you use Spirit to go
With practice,

, you can choose between the two Worlds after

"across." and a knowledge of both
Sphere
entering the Periphery, but start by planning to go "up"
all along.

Those who see with astral sight (see Introduction)
perceive the Penumbra in abstract form, like patterns of
energy and light. You

there — some travelers I've spoken to have almost

can go all over the place from

entered orbit. Entering the Realms, however, requires
going through some transition — through a door, over a
bridge, into a mirror, a puddle or a halo of light, that sort of

thing. Sometimes, these transitions offer themselves to you;
more often than not, though, you have to go looking for
them. Once you pass through, you're in the Realm and have
to find your way out in the same fashion.

The lowest levels of this World — the Vulgate,
Realms of common concepts — can be reached by trav-
elers who step sideways through the spirit Gauntlet, then
find doorways, bridges or windows into the Realms them-
selves. The Pattern Web described in Chapter Two also
winds into the lower areas of the Vul , and brave,
Ims that way

Sectors in the Digital Web open into the Vulgate, too,

suicidal explorers can climb into the Re

and I know a few folks who've walked their way into the
Hi
the High Realms, you may have trouble moving once you

igh Umbra from this Zone. If you do take your body into

get there. Some people cannot move at all, others need

to think consciously about every step, some can walk

normally, and a very few can walk, but find it easier to

glide smoothly and quickly from place to place. Travelers

with bodies are supposedly limited by the Vulgate's

"borders"; more esoteric Realms can be achieved only
through the mind.

Astral travel is so simple it appears complex. If you
can find a teacher, learn directly. If you cannot, then
experiment very carefully. Though conventional wis-
dom has it that the High Umbra is the least corrupt, least

dangerous of the Three Worlds, the comparison is mis-

Teadingo te' 's like saying that dynamite is safer than an
amb. True but unhelpful.

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

The Territory

Think about the last Escher print you saw. Think
about your philosophy class from college. Think about the
mathematics of a snowflake, or the verbs of a rainbow.
That's what the landscape looks like here. It can rain
choices, or snow alphabets. Seemingly rock-solid ground
can fall out from under you and leave you clinging to
calculus. Be careful.

s for geography: The Astral Umbra is definitely
stratified; the farther "up"
rarefied become the concepts that form the Realms and

and "out" you go, the more

their residents. The more abstract the region, the more
surreal and treacherous your journey becomes.

The Penumbra, Doorways and
Vulgate

The Vulgate lies closest to

Earth. The easiest thoughts
to deal with are the basics of existence — the idea of a chair,
orthe thought of the sky. What is, and is obvious, is here. Any
mage who needs to ask what the Penumbra's like shouldn't
even consider traveling beyond there (see Introduction).
The doorways into the Vulgate proper are fairly easy to
find, and often appear to be mundane parts of the Penum-
bra. If you were walking through a building on the other side
of the Gauntlet, for instance, you might open one of the

doors, only to encounter a Vulgate Realm on the other side:

Scary! Once you're in the Vulgate, the Umbrascape rang:

from the surreal to the ridiculous. The "common ground"
lying between the Realms twists into impossible shapes
which get weirder the "higher" you go. This is the land great
fantasy artists — Escher, Ditko,

many others — visit in their dreams, if not the flesh.

The Spires

As the Vulgate grows more abstract, sharply defined

Carroll, Boulet and so

structures interrupt the view. Called the Spires by most,
they appear as ridges, mountains or towers originating in
the Vulgate, ascending so high into the Astral Umbra that
their peaks cannot be seen from below. The Courts, heav-
ens, hells and such are built on, in or as part of, the Spires.
The coarsest elements (fire and brimstone, harps and fluffy
te. The
Epiphamies drift around the peaks and beyond. Those who
would reach the

clouds) sit low on the Spires — nearly in the Vu

urts must travel through the Spires.

Cosmologists theorize that the Spires are the result of
many minds of various sophistication all concentrating on the
same idea. A medieval European farmer, for example, would
havea very different concept of Heaven than Mark Twain, but
the two men's visions would still build on the same foundation.
A great many fictional places— the Mythic Realms described
in Chapter Two— intersect with the Spiresalong the "border"
between the Vulgate and the Courts. In the Eastern Court


Realm, for example, Chinese folklore, Hong Kong films and
the Umbrood Heavens blend together almost indistinguish-
ably. From one Astral Court, a traveler can reach into related
Mythic Realms, and vic

versa.

Toclimb the Spires, envision yourself doing so; to your
mind, it'll appear that you're wandering through a series of
caverns, halls and stairs leading ever upward. Flying or
floating is possible if you know how. Remember, this is a
metaphysical trip, not a physical one. The Spires simply
represent an ascending state of consciousness. There is, as
ve said, an upper limit to this climb; physical and spiritual
travelers freeze solid or fade away before they reach the
Courts; only those of sound mind can go further, unless the
explorer crosses through some portal linking the Realm to
the

th. According to the stories I've heard, people killed
in the Spires wander between Realms forever, denied access
to any of them. In other words, be careful!

The Courts

This astral layer forms the home of various Umbrood
spirits who have chosen to set up shop. Here the traveler
may find the heavens and hells called "Afterworlds"; the
many lands of the gods and heroes of history and legend; the
meeting places of those same beings (which Hermetic lore
calls The Umbral Courts; see The Book of Madness,

Chapter Five), and the sanctuaries of various Umbrood

"species" like the perverse Hestilics, who wish to dwell
outside the sight — but within the reach — of humanity.

Once again, be polite. What you meet here may be only
the idea of Shiva (for example), but if half the minds in India
are generatingan Umbrood through sheer belief, that Umbrood
ispowerful. Ifthe spirit came before the idea, then the Celestine
Shiva with the belief of half of India behind it is just so much
worse. Pardon me, just so much better — no offense intended.

The Epiphamies

High up in this Umbra, the Realms and residents

become more abstract, harder to grasp. Few minds can reach

this far. Geniuses, great artists — all of them help create the
You may
difficulty finding many Realms here, but be assured they

Epiphamies, or regions of sublime idea

exist. It's just very difficult to visit the Realm of General
Relativity if you cannot comprehend the concept in the
first place. Keep trying as your understanding grows.
These Realms, which spring from the highest reaches
of consciousness, lie quite outside the limited purview of
words. How does one detail the Corridor of Pi, or the
prismatic streams that pass for Language to our eyes? I can
tell you of the manifold angles of Logic or the Kingdoms of
Color, but those descriptions would be as fleeting as my

s across this ke

ard. For once a concept is set into

words, images or even sounds, it becomes something else.

Chapter One: Astral Worlds

25

7

IS

NG Ail

Acthe lowest levels of the Epiphamies, the traveler recog-
eptsas metaphorical constructs; as with so many other

Otherworlds, you see the concept expressed the way you expect

toseeit. Thehighestreachesspiral outward beyond the Horizon's

restrictions, spinning like Dream Realms off into the endless
Void where no one can catalogue them. I've heard that the
Oracles dwell (if they exist, of course) in these fluid droplets of
pure concept. Mortals cannot visit them because, quite simply,
ourminds

are not comprehensive enough toreach thatfar. Such

TFF=e

"Realms" are theoretically everywhere yet nowhere at once.
Reaching such astate is the goal of Mind Masters, but those few

who could be said to have attained it cannot put their experi-

ences into human words or pictures.

That's the map, such as it is: Penumbra, doorways,
Vulgate, Spires, Courts and Epiphamies. Have fun, kids,
and be careful. One last note: If you still haven't read The
Phantom Tollbooth, do it before you start exploring the
Astral Realms. Milo can save your life.

The Vulgate

the

immateriality of spirit, though not everyone

msensus omnium insists on the

would agree that it also has a reality of its own
It is, however, not easy to see why our hypo-
thetical "matter," which looks quite different
from what it did even thirty years ago, alone
should be real, and spirit not.... Spirit and
matter may well be forms of one and the same
transcendental being
—Carl Jung, "The Phenomenology of the Spirit in Fairy Tales"
There may be more things in heaven and earth than are
dreamt of in Horatio's philosophy, but the collective philosophy
of the entire human race (and, some would add, other races as
well) creates a bewildering comucopia of Realms. In the Vulgate,
the most easily accessible concepts — invention, transition,
travel, warfare, love, etc. — form a spectrum of worlds which

dance and pass through each otheras human consciousnessshifts.
There's no single "Land of Love" or "Field of Battles"; instead,
Realms with those aspects hover like dragonflies behind an
endless and ever-changing series of doorways and windows. If

you've ever seen The Yellow Submarine, you get the general idea.

Some Realms of the Middle Umbra lie in a flux between
the Vulgate and the Middle World. This flux resembles a
thick fog shot through with glowing Pattern Webs and Moon
Paths. A doorway from the High Worlds might just as easily
lead to Dystopia or the Radiance as to the Grand Hallway
The Aetherial Reaches discussed in Chapter Two seem to be
an exception — they appear to be off-limits to a lot of us —
but the other Realms, especially Mythic Realms, form a hazy
boundary between the Middle and High Umbrae.

stral doorways lie all around the Penumbra, often
concealed by glowing mists until you're right on top of
them. Some Astral travelers claim that the world which
appears behind the door you open is the world you will into
being behind that doorway — that is to say, it's there
because you put it there. These folks insist there are no
accidents in the Astral worlds; every place you find is where
you're supposed to be. Asking whether or not the Realm is
still there when you aren't is like asking the old question
about trees making noise when they fall, and the answers
get just as circular. Let's stick to basics: When you find a
doorway, step on through. If you dare.

The Grand Riall

But we have tasted wild fruit, listen.
to strange music;
And all shores of the earth are but as
doors of an inn
— Laurence Binyon
Ic rises from the Astral mists like a spec-
ter — the Grand Hall of Endless
Sometimes it appears as a building

Gates.

in the
Penumbra that has no Earthy counterpart,
but most worldwalkers encounter it as a hallway on the
other side of some door or window. It never stays in place for
long, but always retains a similar shape — a sparse but
welcoming corridor between the worlds, shaped in Classi-

cal Mediterranean style and furnished in ancient wood and

26

yond the Barriers: The Book of World:

mosaic tiles. Welcome to the Grand Hall. If you're roving
the Astral pathways, you'll be stopping here sooner or later.

Inside, the Grand Hall resembles an endless hallway of
Escheresque dimensions and timeless, yet classical, design.
ys of all kinds on the

Smooth stone floors give way to doorw:
walls, ceiling, and occasionally the floor. Some portals lead to
stairs, others to mists, still others to pools of water, walls of flame
or endless space. Ancient wooden benches wait along the
corridor, allowing weary travelers to rest on something other
than stone floors. In the "center" of the Halll (asifanendlessplace
could have a center), a huge atrium opens out to reveal a huge
fountain, bigenough toswim in. thisfountain isaportal unto itself,
butalsosuppliestravelers with fresh waters todrink. Entities, both
human and Otherworldly, wander the Hall on mysterious mis-
sions. Some love to talk to visitors, others prefer to be left alone.


* Alexandré Calais

Dindaine selected Al
the High Realms. A seas
provided a lot of the general information about the
various layers of the High Worlds.

Alexandré's a Cultist, he's never fit into any particular

andré for his expertise with
ned Astral wanderer, he's also

Although I suspect

stereotype for long.

As with so many of our other "special guests,"
Alexandré has requested that the details of his person-
ality and background remain asecret. He'll be explaining
afew of the Epiphamies later in this chapter, as well, but
waxes poetic about the Grand Hall, so I let him start his
tales with this transitional Realm. It sounds fascinating.
Perhaps one day, I'll go there myself

Background

jometime around 200 B.C.

.. the Grand Hall rose
from the mists of consciousness, a waystation for geniuses
who couldn't be satisfied with the world they walked upon.
As they sought the outer Realms, these sages and sorcerers
caused a shelter to come into existence. Through the doors
in this endless hall, the early worldwalkers crossed from the
spirit realm into more conceptual territories. As the gods
packed up and left town, they kept backdoors to their home
world in case they ever decided to return

For several centuries, the Hall was open ground. Nothing
grew there, but worldwalkers brought their own food and
campedout, occasionally for yearsonend.Sometimearound the
first century C.E.,a mysterious race of sentinels arrived to police
the waystation, a group of celestial bouncers, if you will. From
that pointon, visitorscould wander through the Grand Hall, but
not set up residence there. Stragglers and loiterers were sent on
their way—eternally, ifneed be. Since then, the Grand Hall has
enjoyed a reputation as neutral ground. Umbrood and Umbral
travelers alike meet, share stories and go on their way, usually
without bloodshed (metaphorically speaking — no one bleeds
in the astral reaches!). A couple of nasty battles have swept
through the Realm on occasion; a spat between a ¢

‘oup of

Hermetics and the now-exiled Akaa spirit race nearly demol

ished the Hall itself. Common need, however, rebuilt the
Realm; within a couple of years, no one could tell anything had
happened there. Since then, thenamelesssentinelshavestepped
up their patrols and shortened the permissible stay

Areas of Interest

Aside from its benches, fountain and doors, the Grand

Hall is empty. On odd occasions, one traveler might meet
another; the traffic is light enough, however, that you can
v

ander the Hall for days and not cross another being's path
The corridors lead in all directions, occasionally branching
into stairwells, wells and alcoves. Getting lost is a very real
possibility, so it's always a good idea to visit the Hall with an

experienced worldwalker. His sense of direction, honed by
years of travel, will prove to be a more reliable compass than
random magick. The mad layout of the infinite hallways
scrambles Correspondence Arts badly; a mage attempting to
use such magicks in the Grand Hall risks getting herself
stranded in a part of the Hall no one's even thought of yet!

Portals

Ah, but the doors are another matter! Anywhere you can

imagine has a door leading to it. Mundane locations, Umbral

Realms, Zones, Courts... everywhere that has a door or window

nearby can be reached through the Grand Hall portals.

Finding the doorway that gets you where you want to
go now there's the tricky part! You see, the Hall is
theoretically endless. A person can wander in the same
direction for monthsand never reach the end of it. The Law
of Intent — the principle that you go where you were meant
to go—can guide your selection when trying the doors, but
there's no guarantee that fate doesn't intend you to reach
your destination by some convoluted route..

The portals themselves look like stout wooden doors
for the most part. Some resemble wells, stairways or shut-
tered windows, but most simply take the form of
old-fashioned doors. These portals are never locked unless
some entity on the other side has taken precautions and
warded the passage (which does happen). Naturally, such
wards cut both ways. A wise worldwalker keeps a Corre-
spondence ward or two ready, just in case she needs to seal
a portal behind her. These doors open both ways.

Passing through the portal is often disorienting, and
sometimes leaves the traveler vulnerable to perception or
attack by any beings on the other side. | recall an adventure
of my own when a hasty exist through one of the doors left me
hanging off a skyscraper, 87 stories from the New York City
pavement. The portal came out through a window, yousee
on the wrong side of the window! Look before you leap, kids!

Phe Fountain

Ina large nexus chamber, a dozen hallways meet. In the
center of that huge space, a deep cold pool fills from an
eternal fountain, a wellspring said to gather waters from all
over the Tellurian. Benches crowd the walls along this
central room, and columns hold the tiled roof aloft, but the
Fountain dominates the chamber, nearly 20 feet tall and
carved from obsidian. Writhing figures reach from the pool
up toward the ceiling, frozen in eternal ascension as water
jets from their gaping mouths, arcs through the air and
returns to the pool at their feet.

Scuttlebutt says these figures were locked into place
after the sentinels arrived. Supposedly, they were once a
band of squatters who refused to clear out. One of them, a
surly godling named Krystobhann, decked one of thi

like figures, picked it up, and began to eat it. The sentinel
burst into a cascade of water, which spattered upon the

Chapter One: Astral Worlds

7
Zl

DWE

DWH


doors around it. Those doors, in turn, dissolved as waters

from a dozen rivers and seas poured through the gateways,
drowning Krystobhann and his peers as they struggled for
air. When the waters receded, the squatters remained,
frozen into stone by their arrogance. The story may or may
not be true, but I'll tell you this: No one lashes our at the

sentinels anymore!

Ecology

Despite its name, the Great Hall is pretty sparse. A few

IW

ancient couches, carved from wood in the fashions of the
Fertile Crescent Kingdoms (and seemingly as old) line the
walls, but no food or water, other than the cold streams of the
Fountain, can be found.

No one lives in the Great Hall permanently, although
many visitors stay for months on end, wandering from portal to
portal. Sooner or later, these vagabonds either perish or settle
down, and are notseen again. Those passing through pitch tents,
wrap themselves in blankets, or simply sleep on the cold stone
floors. Every once in a while, a shimmering host of ghostlike
figures sweep through the Hall, driving all settlers before them.
Those who do not depart willingly are driven through the
nearest portal, to live or dieas they will. So the sentinels enforce
their decree. Those worldwalkers who would pass through the
Hall of Endless Gates are advised to mind their manners. If your
"hosts" say leave, then by all that's sacred, leave!

The Inventium

O! for a Muse of fire, that would ascend

The brightest heaven of invention
— William Shakespeare, King Henry V
Someone once said that the Realm of

Invention, the Inventium, "gives testimony

‘o humankind's unlimited creativity." Itdoes.
Every gizmo, widget, doohickey and
thingamajig that anybody ever thought of is
here. Giant mountains of things tower over

head. Moving around means keeping to the valleys between
these mountains, and from there, it's impossible to see in
any direction but ahead, behind and above. Overhead, the
sky buzzes with airplanes, jets, ornithopters, helicopters and
other strange flying machines. Sadly, it's all for show

Almost nobody lives here. The inventions dance of their
own accord; without the "material" constraints of Earth's
reality, the machines can be themselves.

Getting to the Inventium is easy. Look for the footlocker. It's
there, past the spinning moon, on the far side of the Realm of
Connectivity, just a plain metal footlocker floating in space. It
measuresfive feetby three feetand ismade of iron orsome otherdull
metal. The unremarkable exterior of the footlocker does notattract
many people to it. Few would ever expect to find a whole Realm
hidden inside it. To further discourage visitors,a magical inscription

28 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds


upon theinteriorofthelidreads, "Thispassage prohibited. Anywho
ignore this waming will incur the most grievous censure."
Awarm breeze blows from the footlocker's interior and
the distant sound of machinery echoes out. To get in, step
into the footlocker. A metal staircase descends to open air.
The stairs turn every 10 feet or so, with a landing betwe

on
each level. Odd flying machines may swoop near the
staircase, buzzing too close for comfort. From this vantage
point, several hundred yards above the floor of the Realm,
the view is fantastic! Above, where the footlocker should
be, the top landing just hangs in mid-air. Below, the
Inventium spreads off into infinity, a vast writhing pile of
things, all the inventions of the world.

My name is Herodotus, and I am the leader of the
Historians, a team of mages who have accepted the weighty
responsibility of documenting each item that arrives here. I
personally have been here fordecades. Recentactivity on the

part of the Technocracy has forced my hand. I have decided
tocome forward and relay what I can of the Inventium before
it's totally conquered by this short-sighted organization and
memory of it is eradicated from Awakened society.

Billions of gadgets wheeze, honk and whir in the

Inventium. The machines create a cacophony of different

sounds. Colored lights flash and blink from all sides. Mile-
high mountains of inventions pile up to divide the Realm
into a network of valleys and tunnels. The floor of the
Inventium disappears beneath heaps of "New Formulas"
and "better mousetraps." The flapping, zinging and popping
of the diverse flying machines add to the din. Robots and
other mobile monstrosities roam the floor

The arrival of a new invention is like a birth. They
squeeze from the sky, pressing apart the fabric of the Realm,

to fall gently down on top of the others. An unmistakable

"pop" accompanies the arrival of each new item. This birth
process is remarkable to see and occurs on an average of

twice a day. At one time, it happened more regularly, as

often as twice a minute, but that was over a century ago.
Truly unique inventions have become more and more rare

and civilization advances.

as time pass

© Herodotus

Don't ask me where met Herodotus; the story's
way too complicated to print! Let's just say we have
some friends in common, friends who introduced us

during a... moment of crisis in my life. We parted

waysramie¢ably enough, but he always stuck in. my
mind afterward. Like the footlocker that opens to his
domain, Herodotus seems to spin in my mind like an
anti-gravity flip-flair top. What's
flairtop? Well, I've got one in my room, right beside
my writing des
with light. Where did-Herodotus get it? Read on. |
suspect he found it somewhere in the Inventium. As

an anti-gravity flip-

k. It does the most wondrous things

] understand it, mine's a one-of-a-kind model...

Background

A museum of sorts, the Inventium collects items which
document the path of history as well as, ifnot better than, any

textbook could. The first wheel leans against the first iceless

refrigerator. A bone hoe lies on top of a teletypewriter. A 78-
rpm record sits upon a VAX machine.

Four mages, brothers, discovered the Inventium in
424 B.C. Known only as the Sons of Thucydides, the
brothers realized the usefulness and resale value of the
items in the Realm. One of the brothers, an engineer, drew

schematics of the inventions. The others established con-

tacts who purchased the schematics. Over a lifetime, the

brothers became rich. Their descendants took up the saga
where the brothers left off, gradually becoming known as
theS
in order to create and sell their schematics

avengers. To this day, they still retrieve inventions

Shortly after its discovery, word of the Inventium
reached a particularly powerful mage, Herodotus, a friend
to the Sons of Thucydides. He immediately realized the
import of the discovery. Herodotus had mentored the
brothers and easily convinced them to take him to the
Realm. Once Herodotus had seen the R

m, he acted

quickly. Back in Athens, he gathered together four of his
most trusted colleagues, philosophers who shared his en-
cribed what

thusiasm for preserving history. When he des
he had seen, the others agreed immediately that the
Inventium represented an opportunity that they could not
overlook. Thus, the five mages exiled themselves to the
Realm and began the unending task of cataloging the
history of human invention. Eventually, their descen-
dants called themselves the Historians, members of the
Historia. Time passed. Historians died and were replaced
New leaders took the name "Herodotus" and carried on
Although it's
amid the inventions, no one has spoken to him in centu-

aid he still survives somewhere

his legacy

ries. Not even those who bear his name.

By the year 1496, the flourishing Traditions had
begun to notice the Inventium. Convinced that they

should have a hand in the protection and documenta-
tion of the Realm, four Traditions met (the Order of
| Cho-

tus, and the Verbena), and decided among themselves

lestia

Hermes, the Akashic Brotherhood, the C

that each Tradition should have a representative in the
Realm. (The Cult of Ecstasy, Ahl-i-Batin and
Dreamspeakers excluded themselves. The Solificati had
disbanded. Virtual Adepts and sons of Ether did not yet
exist and the Order of Reason had other plans.) Rather

than create their own organization, these Traditions got
together and sent an ambassadorial envoy to negotiate
with the Historians. They proposed a restructuring of the
Historia. The Historians, for their part, knew the world

was changing. They agreed, and a member from each of

these Traditions joined the Historia.

Chapter One: Astral Worlds

IDK

WL SX_


SS

VAXS

Ky -\\

The Historia had long ago developed a code of ethics for
the documentation of the Realm, a set of laws called the
Historia Doctrine. Each new member was required to take a
vow based on this Doctrine, which forbade the use of the
inventions for personal profit and the transfer of information
gathered on the inventions to anyone outside the Historia
without the unanimous approval of the others. Basically, the
Historians document; they don't interfere with the politics or
power struggles of the world. They are required by their vow
to remain more loyal to the Historia Doctrine than to their
own Traditions. Only on rare occasions has a Historian
broken this vow on behalf of his Tradition. The penalty each
time was harsh — from exile to death,

Under normal circumstances, membership in the
Historia lasts for life. When one of the Tradition mages
dies, the remaining four request nominations from the
Tradition of the vacant seat. They then interview the
candidates and elect a replacement. Recently, it has be-
come difficult to find voluntary candidates to replace
deceased Historians. Seats remain open for years at a time
and, as in the case of the current representative from the
Order of Hermes, sometimes the Tradition chooses a can-
didate for the position, whether the candidate agrees or not

Late in the 19th century, the Technocracy arrived in
the Realm. Until that time, the Historians had no other

competitors aside from the Scavengers, with whom they
had established a mutually beneficial working relationship,
and the random visitor who happened to stumble in. The
Technocracy raised the stakes. They rushed to acquire new
inventions before the Historians could get to them and
caused the Historians to lose track of many items that, as a
result, have never been documented.

In 1895, the Technocrats established a research facility in
the Realm, a giant brick building surrounded by tall fences
Shortly thereafter, they began a systematic extermination of

the Scavengers, the Historians, and all other rivals. The

Technocracy se

the Inventium as its own personal giant
Umbral storehouse, and its agents inscribed the warning on
the footlocker to fr

ten away other profiteers. They would

have sealed the lid if it had been possible. Many mages theor
that the Technocracy went to such extreme measures merely
to stay on the cutting edge of technology. This is hardly true;
instead, they use it tocontrol andeliminate any invention that
falls outside their control. After the Virtual Adepts' successful
defection, the outpost's ruthlessness increased. When pos-
sible, they track down items that don't fit into their definition
of "reality," often using the item to find the inventor and
eliminate him or her as a creative force in the world.

Just after the turn of the century, the Sons of Ether took
notice of the Inventium and established their own small
research facility there. The Sons, unlike the Technocracy,
tend to keep to themselves. Their secret base, buried deep
in the mountains of inventions, still eludes the HIT Marks
that patrol the Realm. The Sons' stake in the Realm

30 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of World

pe _F—= =e

parallels that of the Technocracy, but they concentrate
more on ancient artifacts than new inventions, seeking
items that depart from traditional science. The
Technocracy's influence on modern scientific thought has
limited the number of strange items appearing currently in
the Inventium; more ancient times, howev

may hold
clues to lost branches of scientific theory, so the Sons dig
down to the bottoms of the piles.

The Sons and the Technocrats seem engaged in an

intermittent game of "tweak the nose." Every so often, one
faction will cross the other's line, a minor reprisal or two will
occur, and then both sides return to business as ifnothing had
happened. The few Etherites who reside here seem quite
content to hang out, soaking up inspiration from the multi-
tude of odd and interesting items that exist in the Realm.
Only during the greatest emergencies do they venture out to

battle the Technoc: y offer little aid to

atic squatters, and th
the Scavengers. Only the Historians interest them. These
mages the Sons protect. One never knows when a favor or
two might come in handy to his pet project

Places of Interest

1 would certainly say that the main items of interest
here are the mountains of inventions themselves. You have
no idea how extensive the catalogue of human resourceful-
ness is until you gaze upon the thousands (if not millions)

of inventions, variations, improvements, experiments and

graceful failures. An invention doesn't have to function to
enter the Realm, it simply needs to be new and interesting
Everything from electric guitars to steam-powered phono-
graphs, from picture frames to methane-powered cars can
be found somewhere in the Realm.

Asthe original Scavengers soon discovered, the Realm
can be a cruel joke on profiteers. Although transcriptions
and schematics can be taken from the Inventium's treasure
trove, the inventions themselves fade from existence once
they pass the footlocker portal. Myself, I think they're the
dreams of inventions, passing through the common con-
sciousness until they manifest in this Realm. Once a visitor
leaves the Inventium, he awakens ftom this "inspiration"
and rejoins the mundane world. Even if he just passes into
another Astral world, the spark of novelty disappears, like
those half-remembered dreams where the secret you've

been looking for lands right in your hands but fades away

before you can write it down

The Hackworth Technological
Compilation Facility

Located near the center of the Realm, the Hackworth
Construct (named for the Iterator who discovered the
Realm) stands in aclear circle of land. This old-style factory
isthe only place in the entire Realm that isnot covered with

piles of thingamajigs. The 20-man staff (no women) sta-

tioned here includes 10 Enlightened Technocrats and 10


mundane technicians. 10 more HIT Mark Vs (plusa variety
of experimental robots and cyborgs, some of which even
work) wander the Realm searching for Scavengers and
unwanted visitors. The overworked human staff works
diligently to keep the arriving inventions from piling up on
their roof and lawn, while the enforcer cyborgs keep us
renegades in line.

The building itself is a large brick structure surrounded
by chain-link fences topped with barbed wire. The Tech-
nocracy has undoubtedly installed various forms of
self-monitored security devices. Outsiders who have ven-
tured into the factory's recesses have not returned. An
Iteration X Statistician named Casey Z1193 runs the facil-

ity with customary — iflistless— efficiency. The Construct's

food and goods come through a direct portal from
Autocthonia. Or from MECHA. No one outside the fac-
tory quite knows for sure.

Exington Hall

The Etherite facility — if you can find it— looks more
stle than anything else. Flashes of
light occur regularly in the mansion's windows, which are

like Frankenstein's ca

placed high in thick stone walls surrounded by mounds of
gadgets. The double front doors, made of iron, have a thick

locking mechanism that "chungs" into place once the doors

close. Here and there, inventions sit on the roof like
mechanical gargoyles. The Sons are, shall we say, less
diligent about cleaning off newly arrived inventions than
the Technocrats are.

Inside the Hall, a cluttered Victorian ambiance pre-
vails, Scavenged furniture, piled with papers, widgets, books
and

shtrays, broods in dim corridors and rooms. Even the

with exotic tobacco
I
assume they grow it there somehow). Five Ether Scientists
(four men, one woman) dwell in Exington Hall; three
assistants wait on their masters at all hours. Lord Johann

kitchen and dining room are thic

smoke (where they get their tobacco is anyone's gu

Bigham oversees the Hall with curt, mannered tolerance.
Although few living things reside in the Hall (a handful of
mongrel animals are said to live as pets, and visitors claim
to have met terrifying black dogs in the courtyard), the

mansion's corridors are crammed with curios, research

notes and knickknacks. Visitors are welcome, but not

encouraged to enter or to stay.

The Verbena Garden

Over the years, Verbena Historians have cleared an
area two acres square where plants and animals live and
grow. This Verbena Garden and its chirping birds seem
totally out of place among the bings and chugs of the
otherwise mechanically oriented Realm. Though this
Garden is small, the Verbena Historians designed it as a
shelter where they could come to meditate and commune
with nature. When the Verbena Tradition exiled its first

IN

representative among the Historians, he soon discovered
that the cold, metallic nature of the Realm depressed him
badly. The garden was his solution.

Small animals, such as mice, birds and rabbits, live inthe
tiny garden. Tall green hedges surround the perimeter, keep-
ing out some of the sound and adding to the illusion, from the
inside, of being in a natural environment. The garden ad-
heres toa natural progression of seasons, from Spring flowers
to Autumn leaves. Peach, cherry and apple trees and berry
bushes produce lush, sweet fruit when in season. A stone
cottage, dating from the first Verbena's tenure, sits lazily
- The oak outside its walls is less red

amid asmall copse of tre

than most, but blazes with Otherworldly power. Lady Au-
tumn Rivers keeps the place clear of the gadgets which
occasionally fall from the sky; although she enjoys the
amine new gadgets, she diligently guards

opportunities to ex
this sanctum against technological corruption.

The Scavengers' Refuge

Deep underground, the descendants of the first visitors
to the Realm scuttle about in dim and gloomy quarters. The
Technocrats put them at the top of the extermination list a
long time ago, for threatening to usurp new technologies
from their control. To survive the HIT Mark incursions, the
Scavengers burrowed under the mountains of old inventions
and built a bunker from which they only rarely emerge.

Abraham Germano oversees the Refuge with careful

intensity. Each of the 20 or so Scavengers is a personal
friend, and he takes any death among them very hard. For
survival's sake, he has stockpiled an arsenal of destructive

from machine guns to shoulder-fired missiles. Years

ago, he tried to storm the Hackworth Facility head-on;
three Scavengers made it back alive, and he has avoided
direct contact ever since. By his order, the Scavengers go
out only at night, creeping through the piles of gadgets like
mice at a great hall feast. Three families, many of them un-
Awakened, live here full-time. I doubt if many of them have
ever been to Earth, or even away from the Realm. Germano
himself was born here. Lady Rivers would love to explore
the logistics of a child born in astral space, but Abraham
distrusts the Verbena, maybe with good reason.

Ecology

Although the Realm boasts no indigenous life, the
plants and animals the settlers have brought over with them
seem to prosper well enough. Lady Rivers and the Historians
grow their own food, and I assume that the Scavengers do,
too; God knows what the Technomancers do. (In case you're
wondering, no, I'm not going to tell you about my fellow
Historians — a man has to have some secrets, you know!)

During the early years of the Technocratic assault, all
the gardens, wells and food storage bins were destroyed to
drive the other settlers out of the Realm. I suspect the

survivors used magick to recreate their supplies, and they

Chapter One: Astral Worlds 31

IN

ID. WWW,


NO All

WZ

hid their resources better after that. Occasionally, a Scav-

enger or Historian falls into the Hackworth Facility's
tender clutches. When someone disappears, everyone
relocates. It's only a matter of time before the torturers get

the answers they require.

There you have it: a Realm of infinite inventions,
spoiled somewhat by a would-be monopoly of Technocratic
interlopers. I hope, Alexis, that this description encourages
some of your readers to come visit us sometime. If nothing
else, we could use reinforcements.

The Courts

godlike Shapes, and Forms

Excelling human; princely Dignities,
And Powers that erst in Heaven sat on thrones,

Be no 0 memorial
— John Milton, Paradise Lost
At the mid-point of the Spires, a host of

vA magnificent Realms unfold to the Astral trav-

eler. From paragons of beauty to rotting pits, these so-called
Courts provide homes for the higher orders of Umbrood —
the Preceptors and Lords of Hermetic terminology who
embody the old gods, the elementals who incarnate the
forces of nature, and the demonic and angelic hosts who

personify the ultimate evils and goods. Several "indepen-

dent" Umbrood also make their homes in these labyrinthine
corridors, carving out Realms which resonate in Awakened
folklore: the excruciating playgrounds of the Hestilics, the
jeweled gardens of Parmantha, the floating steeples of Aelida,
the Gneech King's Court of Cormanth, and so many others.

Most Courts have permanent portals leading from
their halls to Chantries on the Horizon, or occasionally
even to Earth. The elemental domains send small gateways
to the material world through large fires, deep waters, caves,
forests, storms or molten metals. Thus, an astral traveler
who meditates before an inferno can pass into the Realm of
Fire if he has the skill. 1 knew an Akashic who set himself
on fire to visit Hao the Flame Lord, preserving his mortal
form with advanced magicks so that he'd have somewhere
to come back to when he returned. Lady Aelida brings her
visitors to her sky-Realm by pulling them through whirl-
winds, so I'm told, and the mermaid Seline lures paramours
into her undersea boudoir by diving with them into deep

pools or oceans. Any way you go, it's easier to reach a Court
through an Earthly portal than through the Spire

The various Umbral Courts are far too extensive a
subject for this book. We tried to fit them in, but could not
do them justice within this small yet comprehensive guide.
A friend of mine named Hapsburg claims to be working on
a more detailed treatment of the Umbral Courts (tenta-
tively entitled The Mad Masque), but aside from referring
you to the extensive Hermetic libraries on the subject,
Dindaine and I cannot explore the various Courts in as
much depth as we would prefer. Sorry, folks! (:-) Even so, I

into the Courts I've heard

can offer a few brief glimpses

32 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

about. They're not as extensive as I would have liked, but

they're enough to give an Umbral explorer some idea of

where he's going and what he'll find when he gets there.

The Elemental Domains

There's a lot of debate as to whether true elemental Courts

xist at all. While Hermetic writ and traditional folklore describe

the Court of the Fire Lord, the Sea Queen's Domain and other

such Realms, the tales disagree about the details. I'm inclined to
believe that there are regions set aside by certain elements and
shaped by their influence; within these areas, powerful elementals
and other Umbrood set up shop and declare their Realm "the
Court of the Five Winds," or something like that.
Cosmologists debate whether the elemental Courts "be-
long" in the High Worlds or the Middle ones. A case can be
made for either distinction; although it's hard to reach these
Courts from the Umbra, it can be done, so they probably
occupy that fringe area I mentioned earlier. You know, the
one with the Pattern Webs and the Mythic Realms? Good,
good. Okay, now, although the four Western elements seem
to occupy larger regions than the Eastern Courts of Wood
and Metal, each type of element — except Ether, which
frankly bugs me — holds some sway in the High Umbra.

Each elemental domain radiatesimmense power, hewn from
the prime essence of that region. The Fire Courts crackle with

wallsofflame; breathing here can blister your lungs unless youtake

precautions. The Air Domains ride on clouds, with walls of

wafting mist as solid as steel to outsiders but ephemeral to the
native spirits. In the caves of Earth (which may lie in the Shade
Realm of Matter for all we know), the air itself seems alive with
dust; visitors here feel the weight of solid stone bearing down on
them, even in the largest caverns. The Metal Lands have a
similarly claustrophobic atmosphere, but the air here tastes of
molten iron, and cold steel clanks beneath your boots. I'mtold the
Wood Groves are just that — endless forests decorated with
Chinese calligraphy and Indian batik, dotted here and there by
ater Courts

harmony gardens. Beneath a bottomless ocean, the W:

presenta problem to any visitor without diving gear or advanced
Life talents. Seaweed and shaped stone guide currents of water
into "rooms" where elemental spirits drift lazily. All in all, the
iting, ifa hassle, to visit.

elemental Courts are

The following roll of important elemental spirit Lords
and Preceptors comes from an anonymous source inside
Horizon's Archives. It's not complete by any means, but can
serve as a roadmap to travelers in the elemental regions:


© Air: Aga the Storm King, Bojji
of the Million Eyes, Pipasha, Zephra

¢ Earth: Brunjah the First Child, Lord Gorm, Gortak,
Hagga Hath, Tazgool the Insane, Tsuchi

® Fire: Amma the Just, King Umo, Hakka, Hao the
Flame Lord, Hi-Nagi, Salmander, Unm‘ad, Zelya of the
Cold Smoke

© Metal: Eiliah the Wise, Kamali Kayasa the Iron
Lotus, Shiyu Kwan, Tetsu Ri, Lady Yablin

# Water: Bahari, Lady Persephora, Nepenthe, Kroshhak
the Devourer, Lo Chinn, Seline of the Emerald Scale, Ushaai

© Wood: Gyani Chaya, Hon So the Wooden Dragon,
Lady Kath, P'eng Tsu of the Peach, Quiang Shouberi

Ombrood Realms

Various beings and races live in the astral layers. The

homes they create have more to do with their essence
than with a visitor's expectations. Like Horizon Realms,
these Umbrood palaces are worlds unto themselves, with

a fairly static appearance and certain laws they operate
by. Note that these la Jon't necessarily have anything
to do with Earthly ph'
Water running backward, reverse
gravity (or none at all), detachable body parts, that sort
of thing. He who makes the Realm makes the rules.

; in fact, most of them ge!

pretty damned weird.

Many powerful Bygones escaped from Earth to the
High Umbra during the end of the Mythic Ages; a few
of them have been here longer than recorded human
history. Some cultures called them gods while they
walked on Earth, gods who disappeared as the classical
pantheons arose some 3,000 to 4,000 years ago
Ch'shrinn the Bloated One and Sobk the Eater of Sins

are some notorious examples. Other cultures know

them as demons on the verge of the senses — Hestilics,
Akaa and much worse. The mass exodus of the High
Mythic Ages brought other refugees — dragons like Ik-
Thazai, entities like Aelida, and many others. These
powerful beings took shards of preexisting Realms and
shaped them to their needs. Floating castles, spires
made of solid color, gardens decked with human limbs...
anything that might suit the discerning Umbrood can
be found here

Most Umbrood Realms either overlap into other
territories, like Mythic Realms or elemental regions, or
establish portals or gateways that pass directly to Earth.
Reaching such Realms through the Spires is pretty diffi-
cult, though I've heard it's been done. If you're planning
oncrashing some spirit's dinner party, though, just imag-
ine the kind of reception an angry Umbrood Lord can
cook up to make an example of trespassers.

Andspeaking of receptions (pleasantand otherwise)...

Chapter One: Astral Worlds 33


The Afterworlds

Heaven doesn't want me, and Hell's afraid
T'll take over.
— pop slogan

So where do we go when we die? I've
gathered a lot of answers to that one during
the course of my studies. While the major-
ity of my colleagues insist we are
reincarnated (which explains those Nag-
ging Nellies many folks call Avatars), some
of them claim we have one shot and one shot only to

mak

sever

the most of our lives. In these pages, | entertain

al possibilities: the Underworld described in Chap-
ter Three, the Umbral Worlds mentioned in Chapter
Two, the Well of Souls explored later in this very
chapter... and the Afterworlds. Which one is the real
end of the line? And is death truly forever?

Can we return from beyond the Realms of Death?
Obviously, the authors of these various sections had to
come back to impz

t their observations to us, so there
must be some kind of escape. So is it really death when
you can come back, or is there some other Afterworld
that no one can record? And if so, where do all these
Afterworlds, Underworlds and Otherworlds get their
populations from? Sorry, no answers ye

I guess that
without enigmas, life would be too boring for words. And

besides, looking for the definitive answer to every ques-
tion is the Technocracy's game plan, not ours.

I've asked an... acquaintance of mine to give us a
tour of the Astral heavens and hells. I've had lots of
questions about these compelling Realms, and while no
one can offer a definitive answer about our ultimate
destination, Otherworld explorers can take a few tips
from one who's been to hell and back — literally — and
who has scaled the hills of heaven in his quests. Enjoy!

* Oliver Hodge
A‘member of the' Celestial Chorus, Oliver
Hodge=Awakened it the Jate ‘70s, during the
beginnings of the American Fundamentalist revo-
lution. Although an ordained Luthe:

1 minister,
Oliver has dedicated his life to the Celestial Cho-
rus and focuses on supernatural and Otherworldly
conflicts. Those who Meét- him encounter a well-
educated bearded.man in his early 30s-with a
slfgh€ly overdevelOped sense of right andAvrong.
Oliver met Alexis Hastings in Washington, D.C.
during a,chance encounter.ata coffee shop when
he overheard a disctssion about alchemy and of-
fered Ris opihions. Hodge onttinues to dotrespord
with Alexis in hopes of guiding her free spirit:

34

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

The Pilgrim's Passage

P've spent my life in pursuit of truth, and that quest
has taken me far from the reaches of man. I have yet to
find that which I seek, but perhaps my travels will be of
value to other pilgrims.

In my youthful pride, I was great among the mem-
bers of my Tradition. The blessed gifts of the Creator
flowed freely from my fingertips and the power of my
soul seemed to be the equal of all heretics, heathens and
unbelievers put together. In my hubris, I took it upon
myself to redeem those souls lost to us, and ventured
into the dark lands of the Adversary himself. The
"reator requires a heavy penance from those who defy
His design.

In my foolishness, I attacked a group of diabolists in
their lair. Instead of slaying the corrupt ones, I kept their
leader and forced him to summon his demonic masters.
The demons came. We fought. They fled before the

eator's light. | followed through the Umbra, venturing
farther through the mists than I had gone before.

My blood chilled and my breathing grew shallow,
I was not afraid. 1 had faced the illusions and
tricks of the Umbra before, and nothing would trick
me away from my appointed task. | would tear down
the gates of Hell itself. When my vision darkened, |
called upon my gifts to strengthen my soul. Armed
with a shield of faith and magick, I endured numer-
ous horrific obstacles.

but

Finally, I arriv

din a dank and misty place with
strange insects and spiders crawling over twisted trees. A
wet chill penetrated the walls of my faith. A tunnel of
darkness opened before me, a passage which recalled an
illustration of the cave where Christ lay. Or was it a
mind's-eye image of that first set of caves where ancient
savages sought refuge? I cannot tell, even now.

That is how I began my first trip to the Afterworlds.
That journey ended with my return to the Earthly realm
and a promise to bridle my pride in the future. I do not
know whether the places | encountered are the true
heavens or hells of the Afterlife. I suspect that they are
not, but the truth is not for me to know. It is my place to
believe, not to question. The transient nature of the
Afterworlds I saw makes them false in my sight.
Afterworlds change over time, and I prefer to believe in
a Heaven that is absolute and eternal.

To those magi versed in astral travel, the
Afterworlds are deceptively easy to reach. Entering a
near-death trance, either by approximating the physi-
cal state with drugs or by altering one's Life patterns,
opens the' way to the Afterworlds. As the body nears


death, the spirit seeks its destiny. By projecting the

living mind ahead of the spirit, the seeker can find his
natural destination — Heaven or Hell. Some magi of
my acquaintance claim that Earthly portals lead to the
Afterworlds, too, and I have heard accounts of gates
opened by demonic hosts or rituals. Perhaps these other
passages grant an easier access than death. I know not

Part of the reason that I agreed to give my insights to
this "travel guide" was to prevent the simply curious from
embarking on such a journey. Afterworlds are dangerous,
even by our Awakened standards. Although I know
many readers will insist on making their own explora-
tions, let me say that if these places are our ultimate
destiny, you will know all about them far too soon.

The Nether Realms

These thoughts belong to Oliver
Hodge, member of the Celestial Chorus,

and none other. If anyone comes to doom

from these words, let the burden fall on
my shoulders.

vf

4) names. Some believe that I have found

YOM Hell, Hades, Gehenna, Sheol, Dis, the
Dark Beneath the World, the L
in short, the place where the souls of sinders or the

The places that I refer to as the
Nether Realms may have several other

and of the Asuras

weak go for punishment and torment. | do not agree
with such thoughts. The Nether Realms are not the
true underworld of almost universal religion, but
dark reflections of our collective fears and beliefs
about such places.

The Nether Realms are many in number, and each
one takes its own form from the beliefs of those who
have shaped it. There are Nether Realms for eac h major

religion, and for each major aspect of that rel
Some hells abound with excruciations too comple

describe, while others recall the simple torments of
flaying, boiling, burning and tearing limb from limb:
The minds of Inquisitors must have flown to such
Realms during the darkest ages past — or perhaps those
same minds fashioned these same instruments of tor-
ture. One hell simply presented the damned with a
blank and empty room in which to spend eternity. I
have even heard of a Nether Realm that resembles an
endless nightclub, only here the night never ends and
the doors never open. Those who dance do so forever,
and those who drink thirst for eternity. Some Nether
Realms are abandoned, forgotten spiritual reminders of
lost religions. Others are all too active

My own visit brought me to the Caverns of Suffer-
ing, where the echo of hammering and the muted cries of
the damned heralded my arrival, This hell seems Euro-
pean in its construction, but it melds so many common
elements into a grotesque whole that I must assume that
I ventured into some aspect of the truest Hell. Of course,
I've heard it said that all hells lead to the one true

Damnation. I pray I never find out for certain

The Tunnel Downward

When a magus approaches the Nether Realms, she
finds a tunnel leading down into darkness. Moss covers
the rocks surrounding the tunnel, and dreadful smells
rise from within. Sometimes, a great rock blocks the

tunnel; other times, it lies to the side of the tunnel. If
the tunnel is obstructed, only magick can move the

stone. No amount of mortal strength can budge it

Inside the opening, light awaits. As far as 1 can

determine, the nature of the light depends upon the

traveler who encounters it. | have found a candelabrum

each time I entered the tunnel, but a one-time Virtual
Adept ally of mine discovered a cigarette lighter. Re-
gardless of its form, the light source always relies on a
flame, never on a glowing fungus or electric bulb.

- The

-headed dogs, the limbs of

Remains of fallen guardians litter the tunne
broken collar-chains of thre

demons and the rotting bones of a serpent lie in mute
testimony to oblivion. | don't know why all sentries
have perished. Perhaps the traffic downward was too
great to resist, and it trampled them all in passing.
The tunnel delves underground for what seems like
n it

an eternity. Each person remembers the trek throug]
differently. Some visitors notice paintings on the walls
depicting bizarre rituals. Others feel a not iceable heat the
further they descend. Many remember a moaning noise,
but whether it comes from the wind blowing through the
tunnel or from a sufferer somewhere ahead, no one knows.

Thick layers of cobwebs, illuminated by glowing fungus,
obstruct the traveler's path. I have heard that brushing these
webs cause a visitor to lose his memory. After passing through
a

the cobwebs, the tunnel splits into several parts, formir

ma
pu
use her Correspondence magicks to navigate through the
xists: Watch the flame
from your light source while walking through the Cata-

» called the Catacombs. Lost spirits wander this great

le, desperately searching for a way to leave. A magus may

Catacombs, but an easier method

combs. It will point in the direction that you wish to go. This
knowledge makesa good bargaining chip in case you encoun
ter spirits with any remaining sanity. As a general rule,
however, avoid any being wandering the Catacombs. Most of
them attack without warning or provocation.

Chapter One: Astral Worlds 35

(1, a, <

Ba i ri

| jun
' puec t -

The Caverns of Suffering

Should you follow my path, beware the watchmen who
sniff like hounds through the Catacombs. Their home, the
Caverns of Suffering, lies at the end of all the tunnels. The

hammering of endless labor and the wails of the tormented

drift outward from the Caverns, rolling off the tunnel walls
like a peal of thunder. Inside, demonic sentinels sweep
through grand Infernal chambers on ghastly errands. A
traveler is best advised to douse her light source before they
approach. In the distance, sparks from the hammering and
faint gray lights at the exits provide enough illumination
to continue onward

Passing through the Caverns of Suffering is not easy,
The floor is treacherous with crevices, sharp rocks, crawling
insects and worse hazards. The smell here is more foul than
the odors of Calcutta on a summer day, and a choking haze
burns the eyes and throat. Gray light seems to dance over
scenes of torment as the lesser sinners endure infinite tasks
and merciless overseers. If you would escape their fate, for
God's s
fully take a living visitor and put her to work in many

keep your calm. The taskmasters would cheer-

unpleasant

Our preconceptions of Infernal hosts lead us to see the
denizens of these horrid caves as archetypal devils, but their
Mast
While a handful of the creatures I encountered had red skin,

s grant them forms as malleable as molten clay.

36 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

horns, bat wings, cloven feet and pitchforks, others ap-
peared to me as spawn from ancient myth, fallen angels,
blobs of darkness or spirits of death. The demons I have met
here are not the rampaging hordes I had expected, but
intelligent, malicious and cunning. Be as wary of them as

you would of a Nephandus in your Chantry

ven here, there are places to turn back. Niches in the
Cavern's walls lead to other Realms, or to the endless maze
some call the Null Zone {Editor's Note: See Chapter Two

- Alexis}. A Euthanatos I know claims to have fled with the

of the damned, but they finally found a way out. Once past
the C:
journey home,

ern, the demons did not pursue them. It was a long

and the three carry eternal soul-scars, but

yern lead up to the endlessly

Most exits from the C:
overcast skies of the Plain of Penance, or Purgatory. Every form

of human torture imaginable takes place on the Plain. will not

dwell upon those but add only that the Caverns of

Suffering seem tame in comparison. Mountains of coal and
iron form a circle around the Plain. Several stark metal
fortresses, controlled by demon lords, dot the peaks. From
some towers, poisoned barbs ring screaming human bells at
each hour. A few claim these citadels house opulent demonic
courts with portals leading to the secret gathering places of
diabolists. I know not, nor would I care to find out the truth.

ee

The Deep and the Cathedral

A wall of iron, miles long and covered with spikes,
surrounds the Deep, a great pit in the center of the plain.
Infernal sentries stand watch on the battlements. If the
traveler

ches a gatehouse, a demon warrior asks her
These Sentries of the Deep demand the name
and business of any would-be visitor. | caution you — if

business

you would speak to one of the Infernal host, do not give

your true name! A descriptive moniker, suchas "Talewinds"
or "Shadespeaker" would be far safer to parlay with than
any hint of your actual birth name, so long as it contains
some element of truth. Once inside, the demons commis-
sion an escort to guide you. No one with an once of sense

would refuse such monsters on their home ground. No

one, of course, but a m:

ge

The Sentries of the Deep can, of course, be bribed.
Favors, Talismans and the names of rival demons are the
best currency for such deals. Money is worthless in hell,
and demons shit hot, liquid gold into the mouths of
sinners, but worthless trinkets on Earth may be valuable
here. Carnal favors are often an effective but dangerous

incentive, but pay this way at your own risk. A Cultist of

Ecstasy I knew once seduced her way past an attractive
demonic guardsman. Seven months later, his demon-
child ate its way out of her body

A demonic escort is no guarantee of safety, but the
Infernal Ones do enjoy showing off their homeworld to
the living. The opportunity to preview a traveler's even-
t

al fate is often worth keeping her alive to see it and
return later. As you go, the demon answers all questions
ina friendly, mocking tone. Of course that bed of hissing
coals is for pagans, that brass bull for unbelievers, that
skinning post for wizards. Why do you ask?
guide, a pustulent fellow named Brisbane,
pl

My own

Pool of Truths, where

asure in bringing me to the

‘anatics drown eternally, chained to their own beliefs. If
you're clever, you can see which aspects of your person-
ality could use

repair" in the tortures the demons preview

Perhaps that's the true purpose of the Infernal: not to
punish us for what we did in life, but to reveal to us what
while we can.

we must chang

A path winding down around the outer edges of the
Deep extends to the Lake of Fire. Souls trapped here are
flayed into imaginative shapes by Infernal sculptors, who
then parade their handiwork across roads of razors or ride
them into battle with other warped monstrosities. Blood

thirsty mortals end up here, tearing each other to bits in

a cannibalistic frenzy. I've heard that living visitors

occasionally end up in such battles as well; the Cultist |

mentioned earlier lost one of her Chantrymates to the
demonic sculptors. When she last saw him, he had been
split into three writhing limbs, each adorned with eyes
and rending teeth. She carried that image with her unto
her own death

IN

Caves lead off from the downward path to other Nether
Realms, including Bantu hells where man has no fire,
Shinto visions of the maggot-eaten First Mother, Buddhist
tests of light, and Zoroastrian bridges across eternity. |
suspect students of such beliefs would recognize many
images and symbols in these Infernal Realms better than I
could. For my part, I looked briefly into each cave, then
walked away and continued downward.

The journey into the Deep takes days. Each layer of the
Deep feels more real than the one preceding it. The sounds
of suffering are clearer. The ground feels harder. Caves along
the sides of the circling road allow more opportunities to visit
different}

ether Realms. An escorted visitor remains some-
what safe, but a lone traveler becomes prey to all forms of
Infernal attack. Cracks open at her feet, rocks tumble from on
high, demonic bandits and nightmare creatures lie in am-
bush, and tempters cast illusions of safety just out of reach.

Finally, at the lowest level of the Deep, explorers come to
the Lake of Fire. Despite the name and the eerie flames that
ake is bone-chillingly cold. Its
waters absorb heat, pulling it straight through your flesh even

flicker across its surface, the

from the shore. I ran my fingers across the surface and pain
raced up my arm, raking through me like frozen barbed wire.
The Court of the Damned rises up from the center of this Lake,
and a bridge of iron reaches from shore to the Court.

The Court of Damned is more of a city than a palace.
Demon lords and ladies walk the streets, sometimes clad in
still-living human flesh. Soul-slaves in iron masks tend to the
wishes of their masters. Walls divide the Court of the
Dammed into different wards, each one reflecting the hellish
vision of a different religious group or culture. I saw five,

myself: a modern Christian hell, a Muslim brass oven, a
Chinese slaughterhouse, a biotech amputation gallery anda
room where blind people were tied to chairs and left alone.
els of
rather,

The divisions between the wards do not limit the t

the Infernal der

ens who move freely between area:
they seem to provide a sort o}

0 for residents of the Court.

Infernal architecture and artwork taken from the imagi-
nations of Gothic horror writers dominates the Christian
ward. An arena stands in one area where humans are slowly
tortured and gladiators fight in bouts of pain, where the object
is not to win of lose, but to cause as much agony as possible.
Demons conduct unspeakable sexual acts in the streets, and
tempters disguised as mortals lay siege to the damned

It's a great relief to reach the Cathedral of the Fall, a
towering citadel of breathing darkness. Walls surround the
structure, holding back the noise and stench of the outer regions.
Bamboo, concrete, brass, blac!

marble, rusted steel and bone are
only a few of the materials combined to make this living castle.
The interior twists and turns in a surreal nightmare, and the
endless halls seem to encompass the rest of the Nethes Realms

Nz

ID.

IIS

sewers unfit for rats. An escort is essential if you desire (for some

reason) toenter the Cathedral's confines. The hosts here are too

numerous and too powerful to resist for long.

Most meetings of the Infernal hos

's either take place in
the Cathedral's courtyards— Halloween- inspired grounds of
dead grasses and trees, surrounded by fog coated swamps and

dark jungles — or in the grand ballrooms, where magnificent
thousand-foot halls oversee dances from all human cultures
Exquisitely blasphemous artwork decorates every room, and
achingly beautiful music pours from the throats of once-
human instruments. It is, | must confess, an amazing sight,

breathtaking in its perv

erse magnificence.

Inside the Nave, the heart of this obscene travesty, the
lemonic nobility of a hundred Nether Realms dress in

expensive clothing from every time period imaginable. No

suits of living flesh are permitted. Most demonic lords and
ladies are attractive in a bestial, animalistic way. A few carry

themselves with an angelic grace. Most fiends have an

insatiable curiosity about anything new, and are quite polite

toward newcomers. The games they play with living travelers
relieve the boredom of their eternal lives.

I was unsuccessful in my attempt to confront Lucifer.
Demons fill the Court of the Damned, but no one ever sees
the Underlord of the Nether Realms, if, as many believe, an
Underlord exists. The demons claim that the majesty of
their Lord is too great for human eyes, or that he is too busy
judging the right punishments for the souls of the unwor-
thy. A line of beings stands in chains outside the Court of
the Damned, so there may be some truth to these claims
Business with the Underlord of the Nether Realms must be
conducted through well-mannered underlings with the

tongues of serpents (literally and otherwise). Gates within
the Cathedral lead back to the world of the living. The
implications of such portals terrifies me — surely they

provide our world with its endless source of evil.

Within the Court of the Damned, anything and
everything is negotiable, even escape. Beware such bar-
gains, however. The gifts of demons always come back to

haunt you. If I escaped this deepest hell (and obviously |

did so), I fear it was to provide later sport for my "body-

guards." I'm sure I will see them again

Background

Think you God built this place, wishing man ill
And not lusts uncontrolled or swords unsheathed?
Not God, my friend. The truth's more hideous still;
These halls were carved by men while yet they breathed

— Etrigan, "Down Amongst the Dead Men" (Swamp
Thing Annual #2, by Alan Moore)

As impressive as the Cavern and Cathedral are, I cannot

believe that all the sinners in history could fit within their

expanse. Nor do I accept that our Creator would have

decreed such a tawdry excuse for an afterlife, even for the

38 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

wicked. Thus, I must conclude that humanity's nightmares of
eternal punishmentand perverse pleasurescreated the Nether

Realms. Both elements reshape themselves with each new

age, adapting to the newest prevailing beliefs. Both elements
carry the taint of the true Hell behind them, but provide only
a shadow of that Inferno's true existence.

The battered scraps of old fears I have seen give credence
tomy theory. Abandoned ruins of Egyptian tombs and bits of
Greek and Nordic myth lie cast aside in the Nether Realms,
and the death gods of thousands of forgotten religions have
fallen from grace. The current lords may slip as well, if God

is willing and humanity is more set on self-preservation than

annihilation. Even so, these Realms are no less dangerous for

their human architects. If anything, their imperfect and
transitional nature makes them more fearsome. God is order
itself; humanity is vicious and capricious chaos.

The residents of these hells are not idle, either. They have
been granted sentience and use it to prolong their lives. These
demonic hostsharvest mortal souls to provide enough energy for
these hells to exist without human imagination. I suspect that
the souls I saw in torment there arrived through pacts or spiritual
capture. I recognized three Infernalists I had put todeath myself,
vern of Suffering

and assume that all such bargains stock the
with playthings. Perhaps their eternal torment keeps the
Netherworlds strong. If so, then providing the means to your
own endless torture is a grotesque but fitting reward.

Places of Interest

Isuppose that the entire Realm isof interest to morbid minds.
Thav
tunnel, the Cavern, the Deep, the Cathedral

already described several landmarks of my own visit — the
and others. I never

saw the followinglocationsmyself, butmy Ecstaticand Euthanatos
sources described each one to me from their own journeys. As for
myself, [hopenevertoaddtomystoreoflnfemal knowledge; what
Thave learned haunts me well enough:

The Library of the Damned

Located beneath the Cathedral, the Library providesaccess
to nearly every book censored or destroyed by members of
various religious movements. The entire collection of the
Library of Alexandria fills one wing of the Library of the
Damned. Diabolic guardians prevent visitors from taking texts
outof the Library, butthere are no limitstowhat the travelermay
read while inside. The main study area recalls the style of old

European university libraries, with hardwood tables and chairs.
Ravens nest on top of bookshelves and watch readers. Many
tomes bear curses or misinformation, so scholars should beware
seeking too many answers from the Library of the Damned.

It has been said that too much information is a danger-
ous thing. The Library of the Damned, which uses the
intellect as an avenue to steal the soul, embodies this
concept. Like the Cathedral, the Library has many secret
sand turns, making it impossible

doors and unnatural twis
to determine the full extent of the lore contained therein.


The Forest of Thorns

Found past one of the upper caves of the Deep, the
Forest of Thorns has trees made of a dark red wood with the
strength of iron. Demonic orchards flourish in the forest.
Naturalistic mages may find several herbs and plants of the
Nether Realms which can aid their magicks, if they care to
bargain with the Infernal powers which guard them. Ver-
bena especially cherish a flower called the bloodrose, a rare
magickal blossom which makes Life magicks easier to per-
form. Perhaps it leeches this energy from the souls writhing
nearby, impaled on the thorns. The agonized Resonance
my Cultist friend detected certainly implies this theory

The Palace of Riches

The Palace of the Demon Lord Mammon rests on a cliff
overlooking the Lake of Fire, a level or two from the bottom of
the Deep. His estate boasts platinum walls, inlaid with rubies,
emeralds and diamonds. Priceless artwork hangs from every
wall. Lord Mammon claims that he possesses the Hanging
Gardens of Babylon in his castle; the beautiful gardens of the
palace could well be the lost Wonder of the World.

Unlike other Demon Lords, Mammon seems more in-
terested in material power and riches than in souls, although
one may just be the means to the other. He offers boons in
exchange for information about Earth, and cements his

"friendships" with valuable gifts. As powerful as he is, Mam-

mon prefers mortal avarice to brute force. A soul which goes
to him willingly is far more precious than one reaped from a
cooling corpse. Never trust the gifts of demons.

The Dread River

veral rivers run through the depths of the Nether

Realms; I suspect they may lead to other worlds in the Middle
Umbra, and perhaps out into the depths of space, to the
Realm called Malfeas [Editor's Note: Se
Alexis]. The largest such river, called Dread or Styx, suppos-

Chapter Five. —

edly runs from the High Worlds to the Low ones. I have not

traveled it to find out, nor do | intend to. Ferrymen, infernal
creatures who resemble old men and women, conduct busi-
ness on the river, and accept payment in many forms of coin.
Once a bargain is struck, a ferryman carries his passengers to

ped Hell

asingle destination. The Cultist claims to have

this way, though the price was high indeed.

Ecology

Dark entities of all descriptions, shapes, and sizes live

in the Nether Realms. Some are wild elemental forces,
while others are remarkably intelligent, civilized creatures
who would make good companions if they weren't ineffably
evil. Demons may be grouped into three basic types: servi-
tors, tempters and lords.

Servitors are simple horrors intent on causing as much
pain and suffering as possible. Most servitors rely on brute
power to achieve their ends, but a few have learned a bit of
subtlety. Each servitor wishes to be responsible for the
damnation of a soul (perhaps to improve their own lot), but
the blatant tactics they use to scare souls into corruption are
unlikely to succeed. Travelers should respect servitors in
the same way they would beware a dangerous animal.

Tempters are greater demons who actively work to
corrupt and steal human souls. Like servitors, they enjoy
pain and suffering, but they see it as a means to an end, not
as the end itself. Temptersare intelligent, subtle beings who
see stealing souls as an art form. They are exceedingly
patient, willing to resist corrupting one person, in order to
possess the souls of all of her grandchildren

Lords are the most powerful of Infernal entities,
commanding legions of tempters and servitors. Each lord
has distinct abilities and a personality, reflected in his
court. Certain sins and souls appeal more to some lords
than to others. Intelligent magi will endeavor to steer
clear of demon lords; most such creatures have held power
in the Infernal Realms for centuries, and can corrupt a
mortal with their very touch.

Paradise

I never spoke with God

or visited in Heaven —
B Yet certain am I of the spot
As if the Check were given —
— Emily Dickinson

After my Infernal journeys, I knew that my
soul was in jeopardy. I could feel gloom and
despair weighing heavily upon my shoulders. My
faith was weak, wounded from battling demons
and venturing to the false hell of the Nether Realms. Although
I knew their existence to be a lie, their very presence cast the
faint heresy of doubt upon me. What if there were no real Hell?

I resolved to search for Heaven. Although unworthy of
entering Paradise, especially with my current crisis of faith, I
suspected a shadow of that exalted place might exist in the High
Umbra. If a shallow reflection of Heaven existed, perhaps it

could heal me in some way from the curse of the Nether Realms.
I prepared for my quest with prayer, fasting and deep

meditation. Giving my soul wings, I soared out from my body,

focused on the ultimate reward. This is what I found...

The Gate

The Umbral mists parted to reveal a shining gate of
molten pearl. A white glow emanated from the barrier,
bathing me in comfort beyond words. Even so, a nagging

Chapter One: Astral World 39

DWE

lS

a ||

voice urged me to return to Earth. My time was not yet
come, it said, and I nearly followed through and left the gate
behind me. Yet I was resolute enough to defy the voice, and
eventually placed my hands upon the Gate of Heaven.
As] reached out with trembling hands, naked in my astral
form and aghast at my own temerity, a blinding light shone
through the pearly bars. The bars themselves were cool to the
touch, and I felt the comfort of salvation flow through me like
acold drink on a summer day. The light washed over me, but

its power did not burn my eyes; instead, I felt the First Song rise

like a voice inside my ears. As my fingers gripped the gate, cool

hands touched me and shining figures moved within the light

"What brings you to Paradise?" I felt the voice, male
and female at once, like a soft caress. Even so, there was
power in the touch, a power so great that I, who had slain
demons, would not dare to defy it.

"[ have wandered into the lower regions," I replied,
weeping suddenly. Itwas a moment before I could continue.
«And my faith has been wounded badly by the journey,"
I finished at last.

"You may enter for a while," the voice assured as the
Gate opened completely, bathing me in light so intense my
astral body felt dirty in comparison, "but remember: Paradise
is for the dead and the unborn, not for the living. You may
heal yourself, but seek not to conquer, nor to remain."
Nodding my assent, I entered through the Gate and stumbled
through the heart of the light. I have no doubt that if I had
lied or struggled, I would have been seared into nothingness

The Pastures
Aspring bres

my arrival. Green hills gave way to purple mountains, and
bright rainbowsshone overhead. Luxurious trees offered shade

scented with blossoming flowers, greeted

from the soft sunlight, while small animals played without fear
in the tall grass. In the distance, I saw men and women—some
in simple white garments, others joyfully nude — talking,
playing or walking hand in hand. A sparkling stream burbled
between the hills and a gleaming city glittered from a far-off
hill. As I walked, a lion raised his head from the sunlit grasses
pe

whileasmall pup tugged at the great cat's mane. The lands

of Paradise awakened my senses, restoring me toa health and
a hope that I thought had fled with childhood. Every scent,
every sound, each touch isas clear to me nowas it was that day.
I pray I never forget each sensation's purity.

Soon, my body was redeemed. The scars, wrinkles and
blemishes I carried even in my astral form began to vanish,
replaced by healthy newborn "skin." My mind cleared and
my perceptions flowed like a snowmelt stream, cold and
clear across the landscape. A vitality I feared had disap-
peared with my youth bled through me, and soon my own
sublime world. For the first
time in years, | understood the true nature of my Tradition's

voice joined the chorus of this

Song; the magicks I had worked with its power had dead-

ened me to the crystal nature of that Song's purest essence.

40 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

ee

Another voice joined my own. It took me some time to
realize it, and when I did, its source shocked me into silence.
A nude and beautiful young woman stood beside me, her

voice weaving into my own. When I realized she was there,
I admit I clasped my hands across my privates and turned
away from her, ashamed. "What's the matter?" asked the
girl. "Surely you're not going to tell me Paradise is im-
proper!" She laughed, but her tone held no mockery.

"{rjust doesn't feel right," | admitted, "for both of us to
stand here naked, especially in Paradise."

n't
it clothes that are the illusion, the comfort of mortal shame

"Aren't these bodies gifts from God?" she replied.

but an affront to Divine Grace? Let the mortals hide their

souls from each other. Here, we have no need for shame. It's

lust, not love, that is the poison of sexuality, and carnal
needs, not spiritual ones, which profane our bodies."
"Those people over there," Inoted, "are wearingclothes."
"Itmakes them feel more at ease. If you feel thesame, wecan
take care of that." In her hands, a white garment appeared. She
handed it to me and indicated the waters at our feet. | had not
seen the stream a moment ago, but now it rushed along, clean
and inviting. "Please wash up before you put these on," the gir!
advised. "You'restill stained with the trials of Earthly life. Before
you dress in heavenly garments, you should clean yourself in
heavenly grace." | agreed, and did as she asked. No mortal bath
ever felt so refreshing. When I had dressed, my guide led me

across the fields to join the distant people. She introduced us all
around, and we spoke of many things until dusk.

My companions were a friendly lot, gracious and happy.
Although it seemed as though each of them had come from
Earth at some point, none seemed to remember much about it.
of faith. I gathered
from our conversations that these souls were recently dead, or
not yet born. Perhaps they came here through devout service
totheangelic hosts, or by steadfast service to Divinity. Like the
poorsufferers in the Nether Realms, there seemed to be toofew

To them, life was a struggle, an endless te:

of these blessed folk to account for the billions who have died.
Although the hillsand mountains seemed to goon forever, few
signs of human habitation marked the landscape.

My guide (referred to by one man as "Kalina") disap-
peared shortly before twilight, promising to catch up with
aid sadly, "that I
should see you on your way when you leave."

me in the morning. "It's only right," she

"Js that the way of Heaven?" I asked. Admittedly, I was
a bit petulant about it. The peace of the Realm was such
that I never wanted to leave.

"Itis for the living," she replied. "You agreed to that the
moment the gates opened. One day is all the living are
allotted in Paradise." She smiled at me, a radiant look that
swept my disappointment away. "Most people never get this
far. Be glad for what you've experienced."

"Lam," I replied.

She clasped my hands between her own. "So am I." She
left me with akissand drifted away as evening colored the skies.


The Twilight City

As evening came, the sound of bells drifted softly
across the hills, calling us all to prayer. I followed my hosts
toa small open-air chapel, a natural grove where fading
rays of sunlight pierced the tree-cover, illuminating a
wooden altar. We sang our prayers to a God with many
faces and many names, a God who spoke to us all in It's
own way. Our prayers asked blessings for the frightened
souls on Earth and offered praise to the One above us who

had granted this sanctuary. After a while, as dusk turned

to nightfall, we rose and took up lighted lanterns from the
grove. Carrying our lamps before us, we walked toward the
city on the hill, still singing our praises.

The city on the hill grew in height and grandeur as we
approached. The hill became a small mount and the walls
and buildings of the city gleamed with holy light. Words
cannot describe the city; dreams of Camelot, the New
Jerusalem, Ys —no imaginings can compare to the splendor
of the sacred streets of the Paradise I saw. Buildings of all
faiths, from mosques to temples to cathedrals to simple
d, and the Earthly
signs of city life — squalor, commerce, vice and decay —

lodges, lined the grand avenues we wall

were nowhere to be seen. The city seemed to exist for two

purposes only: to impress the eye and lift the heart.
Other people greeted us here, and beings of light,

of the kinder varieties.

simple animals and bygone be
My hosts showed me around their homes, where warm light
illuminated comfortable beds and reading rooms, and took
me to taverns where the blessed gathered in fellowship, to
laugh and share fine foods and drink. No drunkenness

accompanied these revels, only the pleasures of souls who

have tasted ambrosia. The food I tasted that night was the
finest I fear I will ever know, prepared with grace and
thanksgiving instead of pain or harvest

Background

As the night deepened into dawn, I began to wonder
at this endless pleasure. Was such bliss eternal, or simply

a waystation between troubled lives? Was thi
ality? I didn't
dare to ask my companions, but I suspect they would not

a rest stop,
a wish-dream, or some shadow of Divine

have known the answer even if I had asked. Perhaps it's
better that way; Paradise is such an ephemeral concept

that questioning it seems like violence.

Not that the Realm seemed frail in any way. Every
now and then, I caught sight of some angelic guardian.
While most resembled the expected cherubs and winged
perfections, | occasionally glimpsed a celestial dragon or
pure-white steed. A protective power surges beneath the
placid surface of P: se. | no doubt that if any
threat forced its way past the Gate of Heaven, it would
find the mightiest angels arrayed against it. And, I suspect,
a power that dwarfs the greatest archangel by comparison.

Chapter One: Astral Worlds

41


NaN

I saw a glimmer of that power shortly before I left
Paradise behind. As the sky outside the tavern lightened
into a mild blue, Kalina returned, saddened by her task
but happy to see me just the same. "Please tell me," I
begged after we said our good-byes to my companions,

"what this Paradise is? Is it a confection of mortal faith,

ashade of the true Hereafter, aspirit-home, ora waystation

for tired souls like mine? Where have I been, and what do
I leave behind?"

Asan answer, she took me to a grand Roman temple
at the city's heart. The air around the place seemed to
shimmer with power, and light, like the cool blaze which
greeted me at the gates, rippled in the center of the room.
"Ask God," she said at last.

"Does God reside in this temple?" I asked, hesitant.

"God resides everywhere," Kalina replied. "This
temple, those temples, in the groves, in the valleys, in
the stream, the gates, the sky, the clouds. Each blade of
grass, each atom, each drop of blood. Every molecule is
God's domain, so question Him where you will."

"Where are we?"

Kalina smiled. "That is the question, isn't it? Re-
member how you came here. Some would say you never
left your body, that all of this is in your mind. Others
understand the astral ways, but would tell you that we're
standing in an Umbrood's Realm. Maybe you're talking
tc
temple, maybe you're imagining the whole thing. And

spirit-being, maybe you're standing in front of God's

maybe there's no difference between all those options."

"Is it too much to ask to get a straight answer!" My
voice was as light as I could make it, but my annoyance
came through, I'm sure. Kalina laughed at me.

"If you must, then just assume I'm an angel sent to
offer hope to mortals on this side of eternity. This
Paradise is a shadow of a glory too expansive for the
human mind to grasp, a shadow that's been fashioned
from what mortal minds imagine Paradise to be. We
stand ina drop of Heaven, a Heaven which extends in all
directions, all ways, all levels of consciousness. Even in
the darkest corners of the hells, Heaven waits. We
Celestials serve that Heaven, and we wait in this Realm

for travelers like yourself — the newly dead, the soon-
born, the struggling visionaries and the faithful without
faith. We have fought the Fallen hosts, we have walked
with the faithful, and we wait on the destiny the
greater than us will decide. By our

xample, you are

empowered. By our existence, you are redeemed. How's
that for an answer?"

"Tt'll do," I replied, as she took my arm and guided me
out of Paradise.

At the Gate of Heaven, she clasped my hands: "The
mortal world is a trial, a test which grows harder every
day you live and ends with your departure. It's not for me

42 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

to say what comes after your death, but be rest assured it's
not as bad as it appears from the ground. Have faith,
Oliver, and come back again some day." As the light rose
about us, she wiped away tears from my face, kissed me
chastely but with great love, and faded away.

L awoke in my study, my heart lightened by my trip
and shining with renewed faith. Even as the vulgar bash-
ing from my neighbor's TV sent my nerves jangling, I had
to smile. The angel's kiss lingered on my lips. All in all,
there were worse ways I could have spent a day anda night

Places of Interest

Although I never saw the following places during my
brief stay in Paradise, I heard them discussed by my
companions during that long and wonderful night. Per-
haps you who venture there may behold the sights I could
not see in my one short visit. Perhaps I myself will return

to Paradise someday and see them for myself

The Endless Ocean

The Endless Ocean marks the western edge of Para-

dise. The tide softly rushes over the sands and warm
water swirls up around your ankles. Multicolored shells
decorate the shoreline without any sharp edges to cut
your feet. A mist hangs off the coast, obscuring the
horizon. Dolphins play with sea birds in the water,
inviting swimmers to join them. The coastline changes
to high cliffs and picturesque wetlands if you walk far

enough along the beach, and the bi > brings sweet

cooling mist by night.

The Great Mountain

The Great Mountain stands inland from the Endless
Ocean. Its peak rises up into glowing clouds, dwarfing
the surrounding snowcaps. I'm told that the ruins of a
great city, almost as grand as the City of Paradise, lie
scattered across the mountaintop above the clouds. Kalina
told me that the ancient gods of many pantheons once
ruled over Paradise from the peak. They have since left
with the coming of the modern religions, and may have
founded the Courts that exist elsewhere in the High
Realms. Off in the western sky, a glow shines over the
ocean, visible only from the mountain. According to the

angels, the true Heaven lies in that direction. None who

seek it out ever return.

The Animals' Shrine

Secluded in a quiet grove, a rock shaped roughly like
a four-legged beast stands alone. Tithes of flowers, foods
and squeaky toys lie all around the rock. The spirits of
dead animals come here to find peace and to remember
those they loved in life. Many different animals live in
Paradise, and some believe that Paradise is the true


afterlife for the spirits of beas

s. One of my companions
claimed that a young visitor came to the shrine and was
reunited with her childhood pet, if only for day

The Elysian Fields

Past the shores of Paradise, the island of Elysia rises

from the Endless Ocean. The entire island is a large
plateau, covered in rolling plains. Ancient Greek heroes
compete in Olympic games while poets compose verses to
honor the champions. Philosophers sit along the beaches,
asking great questions of passersby. Hunters track lions
and boars, bringing their kills back for feasting, only to
have the beasts rise

ain the next day. Fishing boats set

sail out from a small harbor in Elysia, seeking the setting
sun. Where they go, no living person can follow.

IN

In a northern section of Paradise, a great Viking hall
houses continual feasting and celebration. Viking warriors
drink mead and consort with beautiful Valkyries. Skalds
warm the hall with their singing. These spirits are said to
have survived a manifestation of Ragnarok when the Norse
versions of the Nether Realms and Valhalla destroyed each
other in a mighty Umbral battle. They give a wide berth to
the angels, bur graciously welcome all others to their table.
A practitioner of runic magicks would find the wisdom of

this great hall invaluable. Other such heavens exist in other

parts of the Realm, Paradises out of Zulu lore, Islamic
doctrine, Puritan ethos, and Native American hopes. Every

faith, it is said, has its best reflection in Paradise, and each

one is contented to leave the others alone.

The Epiphamies

symbols are more than just cultural arti-
facts: in their correct context, they still speak
powerfully to us, simultaneously addressing our
intellect, emotions and spirit. Their study is the
study of humanity itself

When your mind transcends concrete
realities, you drift to the top of the Spires,

to the Epiphamies where our most abstract
concepts take symbolic form. It's important to realize
that this is the most subjective layer of reality — literally
no one sees it the same way. You will see it differently
than your partners will, and all of you probably see
something only vaguely related to the following sec-
tions. The descriptions we offer here (courtesy of
Alexandré Calais again. Hi, Alexandré!) are one man's
observations; they're somewhat accurate — based as
they are on universal archetypes — but not exact. If you

want exact, go join the Technocracy or something

As I've said before, most travelers will never reach this
region —a region in name only. Between the Realms, nothing
is

solid; visitors swim through the void between instinct and
consciousness, a misty netherspace shot through with colored
mists, crackles of synaptic energy and currents of sound
Occasional clusters of sparkling dust give way to more lasting
Realms; once there, your astral body attainsa reflection of your
true nature — not your social demeanor, but the person you
actually are. This isn't a trip you should embark upon with
other people unless you're ready to see them as they reall

y are

—and ready for them to see you the same way! In the Realms,

theconcepts take onan archetypal reality, and seem somewhat
stable. Occasional winds brush past as un-Awakened people
have brief encounters with advanced concepts. You could
almost get used to it ifit weren't for the odd Epiphlings that dart

all over the place, taking your measure and defending their
territory. These concept-spirits are the only indigenous life-

forms in the highest astral reaches — no human mind can stay

here for long.

The Epiphamies range from the relatively solid
Realms of Language and Government to the twisting
actal, Meme and Quark. Time eats its own
tail, Music hums in a thousand separate

logics of F

ys, and Touch
caresses your astral form like a bath of textures. These
places grow more and more abstract until simple minds
like ours can't even imagine them anymore. At that
point, the ur-consciousness of the Oracles is said to take
over. Me, I just want to come home and get a drink after
-)
Your narrator from this point on will be our friend

kes me thirsty!

atrip like that. Thinking too much md

Alexandré. See you next chapter!

So Where Are We, Anyway?

Good question. If you've achieved the upper levels of
the Astral Umbra, you're used to questions. Which is
fortunate; the Realms in this region don't work lik
material world, yet they reveal themselves in forms we can

any

all understand. Just don't get to thinking that you can
mea

ure what you see in human terms; these enigmas defy
mapping ordefinition

What do I mean by that? It's very simple: What is
language, really? It's a series of sounds or lines that pass an

much as the concepts they conv

idea from one person to another. The trick is that both
people have to understand the concept for the message to
pass between them. Ever try speaking Bantu? If a person
speaking Bantu came up and asked you a question in that
language, you probably wouldn't understand a thing he
said. He spoke in concepts you didn't comprehend. Was
he speaking a language? Well, yeah. You just didn't know

Chapter One: Astral Worlds 43

NW

ID.


how to understand his concepts. So whatis a language? It's

a series of abst

ct symbols that present an id

in the know (we can expand "people" to "beings" if you
wanna get technical. Animals, trees, even the winds do
have their own languages, you know). So how does any-

one ever understand anyone else?

Symbols.

Symbols are concepts that connect to other con-
cepts. A raised fist. A drop of blood. A tear. These are
common elements in our human experience. We un

derstand what they mean, to a degree, because they

relate to our experiences, and maybe to something
deeper than that. Languages build outward from there.

And the Epiphamies are Realms of symbols in motion.

So what does that mean to you, O mighty walker of
Worlds? Well, it means you're going to have to read the
symbols to understand where the bloody hell you are
And you're going to have to realize that sometimes, the
symbols mean something else, and go with the flow
Otherwise, you're screwed.

Alexis already described the void between con-
cepts. It's cold and empty, yet neither of those things

(cold and empty are concepts, which leads you to a

Realm. With me so far?). Archetypes spiral across this
void, warping across each other like spots of oil in
water, changing all the time. The Otherworlds are fluid
in general, but the Epiphamies make them all look like
blocks of stone.

Do you understand why so few people ever reach
these regions, no matter how well they understand the
powers of the Mind? Because the average person —
hell, the average mage — is like a kitten on a keyboard.
He can brush up against the keys, even push a few of
them and make some noise, but he'll never play
Beethoven's Ninth. Not because he's not smart, but
because he just doesn't think that way. No wonder we
never see the Oracles. They're not like the cat's owner;
they're like Beethoven

All right, I'll stop talking in metaconcepts. Alexis
asked me to describe a few of the Realms I've seen in the
Epiphamies, and | will. 1 just wanted you to know why
these descriptions are as brief and elusive as they are.
There are no "ecologies" or "backgrounds" to these Realms,
because they defy such classifications. They simply are,
and may be really different when you reach them

If you reach them.

Happy trails


The Well of Souls

From the One Sound came the cave, endless,
resolute. From its depths, the First Light moved for-
ward, bursting through the rock like a howl. As the
tendrils of First Being swirled about the cleft, Light
and Sound coalesced into Soul, and burned from there
across the void.

When humans searched for the cause of Soul, they
came at last to the cave, where the Light licked and
spilled from the darkness therein. At the entrance of the
cave, they left their mark, a thousand carvings, signs and
As

ave, they left impressions on

mosaics to mark the place where three became one.

they journeyed into the
the walls to guide them, to secure their places in this vast
expanse. For the cave is huge beyond words, and the
human mind quails before the thought of infinity. Some
words, some marks must stand as testament that we were
here. And so the carvings were left behind

In the center of the cave, in a hollow so vast that
cities, states, oceans could fit therein, whirl the Light
and Sound and Soul in endless dance. Those travelers
who come to the banks of the Well of Souls see the faces
of all beings who ever were and ever will be sweeping
across the ripples of essence, then disappearing, bub-
bling, changing. This is the Great Making, the Great
Unmaking, the Alpha and Omega, the Om and the Ki.
All that lives begins and ends in this place

It's said that Akashic elders came forth from this
Well bearing a drop of its essence, which they brought
with them back to their greatest temple. This drop,
they named the Akashic Record, and it preserves all the

memories and passions of their fellowship as impres-

sions and dreams. From time to time, others have tried

to duplicate their feat, but have failed. The essence will
not be contained except in flesh, and those foolish ones
who have tried to bind Light, Sound and Soul into their
mortal frames have been consumed.

IN

The Fortress of
Government

Upon an expanse of barren roc!

and stunted trees, the
Fortress of our follies stands. A monumental castle of steel

and stone, the stronghold of wisdom, force and greed sur-

rounds a mountain of shit. Atop the stinking pile, hundreds
of yards around, stands a perfect bush of white roses. Are the
flowers worth the effort of attaining them? Is the Fortress
needed? Who would pick the roses if they could, and what
would happen if they did?
And, I suspect, they always will.

Aen have argued these questions

for millennia.

The River of Language

Across an endless delta, the words of living things trickled
like liquid serpents. Some evaporated in thearidairand were not
heard again, while others became the rainstorms which occa-
sionally washed the plain. The language of the birds and the
spirits wove the deepest creeks, buteven they grew lazy when the
words of the Wyck sprang from parched earth and streamed
outward, from pools to overflows, from overflows to rivers.

Some say that Woman spoke the first symbols, that Man first
wove them into marks, that both guided the course of the streams
as dozens, then hundreds of rivers ran forth. Some rivers died in the

delta heat, while others prospered and ran deep, reshaping the land
and changing the course of lesser streams. They say the gurgle and
the rush of the waters is the sound of words in flight, and that the
banks they carve from the dead earth is the mark of every written
note. Visitors here can drink the languages and leam them, if only
fora short time. They can, literally, become drunk on words.

As languages grow and die, so too do the rivers they spring
from. Now hundreds of shimmering courses offer themselves
beneath the hazy sky: the dried beds of dead languages; the
boiling rapids of slang; the deep, slow rivers of common tongues;
thequicksilverstreams of modern discourse. Beside themall, the
communions of other creatures are as trickles to a torrent, and
their sounds are drowned in the rush of human speech.

Chapter One: Astral Worlds 45

\Y

D.WWY,


WZ ON

46

Common Symbols

Storytellers may want to be familiar with a variety
of symbols before running a story set in the Epiphamies.
The idea holds true for any adventure in the Otherworlds,
but it's a must when the reality your characters visit is
made of symbols. The listings below just scratch the
surface ofa few common concepts. Forfurther reference,
copies of The Secret Language of Symbols (Fontana), An
Illustrated Encyclopedia of Traditional Symbols (Cirlot), or

both can provide endless sources of inspiration.

Ahint for describing the Epiphamy Realms: Let your
players describe how their characters see the place. Give
them a general description, then let them fill in the
details. If they visit the River of Language, for example,
tell them simply "You stumble out onto an endless plain
of flat land cut through with hundreds of rivers, ranging
from tiny dried-up beds to raging currents. As you listen

to the eternal chuckle of the rivers, you all realize that the

sounds you hear are words, millions of words flowing by.
How would your characters see the details of this Realm?"
The answers provide food for thought, and may deepen
the roleplaying experience by asking a player to see
through her character's mind as well as through her eyes

Colors

An emotional trigger, our sense of color transcends

rational thought and goes straight to our deepest feelings.

The richness we perceive in a world of endless shades may
help us to appreciate creation's diversity — seeing things
in "black and white" is often a drawback, especially for a
mage. (See also the Loors in Chapter Six.)
¢ Black: Darkness, hidden things, that which we
cannot easily see or understand.
* Blue: Peace, contemplation, infinity, comfort
chill

© Gold: Majesty, truth, divine light, wisdom,
imortality.

© Green: Fertility, jealousy, life in positive and
negative aspects.

»* Red:
change.

Passion, anger, blood, lust, sexuality, sudden

® Silver: Enlightenment, vision, clarity of purpose.
© Violet: Love, devotion, royalty, passion balanced
by purity.

© White: Innocence, purity,
(sometimes seen ¢
© Yellow: Humility, wisdom (often weakened by
mortality), betrayal, sunlight.

eginnings and endings
s the pallor of death).

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Elements

The forces of creation in motion, the elements
symbolize those things which supposedly never change,
yet provide the basis for change. All things, including
physical, emotional and mental states, have been linked
with the elements in évery form of philosophy. Even
modern biochemistry measures bodily health in fluid

and mineral levels.
¢ Air: Life, intellect, wisdom, transition, feminine
energy; turns to fury in storms, where other
elements are united in anger.
¢ Earth: Loyalty, steadfastn:
fortitude, strength, decay, me

» protection,
culine energy.

© Fire: Illumination, wrath, purification,
consumption, uncontrolled passion, masculine energy.
© Water: Nurture, flow, mystery, secrets, passage,

feminine energy.

Shapes

Even infants seem to recognize the inherent power
in shapes; they reach toward round things for comfort
and stack angular items together to create new shapes

In sacred geometry, each shape has a spiritual signifi-
cance which finds its way into architecture, art and
language ("He's smooth, but really rigid if you know
what I mean.").
© Circle: Eternity, the unbroken border, totality,
union. Divided, itstands fordiscord or imperfection.
© Cross: A juncture of energies, a centerpoint, a
focus, a place where different elements come together
and unite.
© Oval: Nurture, the womb, the face, the egg from
which things begin.

© Pentacle: Boundless unity, perfection of purpose,
the binding of forces and spirituality together.
Aimed upward, it symbolizes energy directed
by constructive intentions; downward, by
destructive ones

¢ Rectangle: A square extended, yet imperfect, its
it strength. Power,

symmetry thrown off to giv
but unbalanced powe:

© Square: Solidity, order, perfection of structure,
balance, unity of the four elements.

¢ Triangle: The trinity of elements united;
pointing upward, itrepresents male power thrusting
toward the heavens; pointing downward, it
becomes female power fertilizing the earth, channeling
energy from abov


AUD,

Structures

Items of human construction, these symbols rep-
resent an imposed order either reflecting or struggling
against the natural one. To people who dwell in
buildings (in other words, most of us), structures
represent stability at the cost of certain freedoms.

© Bridges: Transition, passage, crossing over ob-
stacles. Bridges can be pre
to represent struggle.

ious, narrow or guarded

© Castles: Order, power, repression. The larger
the castle, the greater its threat or promise. Magic
castles represent achievement and luxury, while im-
posing fortresses stand for imprisonmentor withdrawal.

* Caves: The unconscious, the womb. Like the
bridge, a symbol for transition, but more fearsome
than most. The cave can close in on you without
warning, and many threats lurk in the darkness. A
feminine aspect of transition and initiation.

© Chasms: Division, vertigo, birth or consum-
mation. Although it serves asa barrier on a journey,
the chasm displays promise for those who explore
its depths.

© Doors: Easy transition, blocked by will. To
opena door takes adeliberate act; doing so places the
voyager in a new place or state of being.

© Mazes: Confusion, trial, loss of identity, threat.
A place of both transition and obstacle, the maze
must be puzzled out. A traveler who cannot master
that task may be trapped, perhaps forever.

© Tombs: These may be the earliest deliberate struc-
tures, Tombs representa place where death is given its due,
a gateway where the visitor gives up her body to the spirit.

© Towers: Aggressive will, pride, achievement.
You don't have tobe Freud to figure out the masculine
aspects of the tower. Towers are impressive and oc:
sionally fragile; to stand forany length of time, atower
must be sturdy yet flexible.

© Walls: Blockage, structure, protection at the
cost of freedom. Walls can be ephemeral, like cur-
tains, or impregnable, like vaults. Strong walls resist
threats, but those behind them may never escape.

© Windows: Reflection, admittance, looking in-
ward oroutward without actually going through. A window
letsin light, but works both ways. The larger the window,
the more vulnerable the person on the other side.

Chapter One: Astral Worlds

ay


_ Chapter Two:
The Velvet

Curtain

The universe is the Practical Joke of the General at the Expense
of the Particular, quoth FRATER PERDUR ABO, and laughed.
But those disciples nearest to him wept, seeing the
Universal Sorrow
Those next to them laughed, seeing the Universal Joke
Aleister Crowley, The Book of Lies

AsI said earlier, the Garou claim there are at This is not my territory at all. Our Umbra expert will
least 13 Realms in the Middle Umbra. I couldn't introduce himself, present you with a few theories about the
attest to it myself, and I don'tknow of any mages cosmology of the Middle Umbra, and detail for you seven of
whohave been to more thannineor10.Itcould the Realms he's been able to find

be that the others will admit only Garou Alexis

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain

WX Z_||

¢-Trevyn Terrasso

Trévyn Terrasso felt compelled to crash a pri-
vate meeting of Los Vatos Locos, a Cult of Ecstas'
sect, in New Mexico. Luckily for Trevyn, the
accepted the newly Awakened youth. Trevyn spend
mostof his time in themateriah world, wandering
the' Southwest United States searching for-‘new

experiences. In the Spirit World, he travels be-
tween Realms of the Middle Umbra, alongwith afew
werewolf-and Dreamspeaker allies, collecting odds
and énds. Trevyn considers himself a philosopher.

The Middle Umbra, or Spirit Realm, reflects our emo-
tions, our innermost feelings. It isn't a place of logic ot
ry fantasi
for travelers to connect with their true natur

contrived lite The Spirit Realm offersachance

periences
in the Middle Umbra tend to be symbolic, almost dream-
like, and if you hold your heart and soul open, you can find
what you most desire there. The challenge comes when you
try to bring it back.

Remember childhood? Everything was more vibrant
and colorful. Days lasted forever. The facts of life were
t instead of your head.
Traveling to the Spirit Realm, we can all rediscover the
days of innocent bliss, except now the wisdom of experi-

discovered using your hands and he:

ence aids our lessons.

The Ombrascape

Upon entering the Middle Umbra, be on guard for any-
thing. Most travelers experience the Spirit Realm as a cloudy
mist, brightened slightly by the sun during the day and
illuminated by the moon at night. The mist thins out above
your head, and the Umbral sky is almost always clear. In many
ways, it reminds me of nights in the thick fog of San Francisco.

Most Umbral travelers are familiar enough with the
"geography" of the Penumbra. Each thing appears as its
spiritual essence; a peaceful glade resembles an idyllic
fantasy grove, while a bac!

ley looks more likea Gigeresque
vision of hell. From the obvious landmarks, the fog beckons
you forward onto alien paths. These paths lead to Realms,
each surrounded by a thin Gauntlet called a pericarp.
Realm, in turn, seems like a world unto itself, bordered by
mists but otherwise whole. To leave a Realm, once you've
arrived there, you must find the mists that lead you away.
Departing, in itself, isn't easy. Some explorers have been
trapped forever in Realms they cannot escape.

Moon Paths And Ombral Trails

Trails part the mists. Some of them seem insubstantial,
glowing bits of light cutting through the fog, while others

resemble more mundane forest paths. The trails may not
appear as walkways; I've seen streams and mighty rivers

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

50

swirling through the fog. Funnel clouds, tunnels and the
limbs of gigantic trees may offer passage through the Middle
Umbra. Lachlan Thane, a Euthanatos, told me ofa trail that
followed the rotting spine of a long dead leviathan. Long-

time Umbral travelers refer to these trails as Airts
The

are Moon Paths, guarded by Lunes, spirits of moonlight and

afest and most direct routes through the Umbra

children of Luna. Although some supernatural creatures,

such as werewolves, may easily access Moon Paths, a mage

will have to bargain with Lunes to gain their favor. I've
found playing riddle games and charades, or offering pre-
sents, such as moon blossoms or whiskey, pleases most
Lunes. If the spirit offers passage on Moon Paths, a visitor

should make certain to show a modicum of respect to other

travelers on the pathways. Dangerous spirits avoid the

Moon Paths; Airt wanderers aren't so lucky, Moon paths
remind me a bit of a yellow brick road. I wonder if Frank
Baum got his inspiration for Oz from the Umbra.

Pattern Webs

Knitting
Pattern Webs
silvery wrappings run from the borders of every Realm in
the Middle Worlds to the Edges of the High and Low
Umbrae. Wild, unsettled areas have few Webs cluttering

the whole mass together are ever-present
Incarnations of creation's structure, these

them, while "developed" places such as cities are literally
choked with them. Although most strands of Pattern Web
(not to be confused with the Digital Web, the name some
travelers give the cyberspace Zone) radiate a faint glow, the
bindings of corrupt or decrepit structures turns black and
sticky. Stasis-spirits called Pattern Spiders scutter mind-
lessly across the Webs' expanse, always adding more. These

spirits, which can grow quite large, offer another hazard on

a wondrous yet difficult trip.

Threats

Dangers dwell along Umbral roads. Look for guardian
Umbrood and lunar spirits to protect your travels. The
Garou take many visionquests through the Middle Umbra,
but the Changing Breed are a threatening enigma, much
like the Umbrood themselves. Unless you know one per-
sonally, you should always avoid a werewolf' path. Of
course, many other mages explore the Middle Umbra as
yell, including Nephandi and Marauders. Caution makes a
strong walking stick.

Hostile spirits pose an even greater menace. The
Umbrood have Charms and abilities on their home ground
which can catch even experienced spirit travelers by surprise.
Be careful not to offend Preceptors ot Lords if you trespass on
their territory. Knowledge and alertness, not force or power,
provide the best defenses against the Umbrood.

The greatest hazard that travelers face, though, is the
Umbral environment itself, Fragments of emotions and lost
dreams float through the Umbral mists, in addition to any


number of things which no physical description can do

justice. A fool who strays from the paths risks falling into an
unknown Realm or Domain, or simply being lost forever in
a spiritual fugue where the laws of time and space, as the
Technocracy defines them, no longer apply.

The Umbral Wind blows reality along with it, shifting
paths and tossing travelers about like straw. I have never

encountered magick strong enough to affect the Umbral

wind or the spirit storms that follow in its wake. If the mists
start to swirl and darken around your Umbral trail, seek
refuge. Any nearby Realm or Domain should serve as shelter.

Zones

As the Introduction explains, Zones are regions "be-

tween" the Umbrae, where different laws prevail. Even
the most experienced Otherworld explorers are at a loss
when explaining why Zones are, or even what Zones are.
They follow their own physics, exist outside the "estab-
lished" cosmos, and seem to represent realities altogether
separate from our world, or even from the Three Worlds,
for that matter.

Optimists insist that the Zones express nature's cre-
ativity; here, the possibilities aren't used up, but stay in
constant motion. Most Virtual Adepts believe that the
Digital Web is the new Earth, and they want to make sure
that they get to it before the Technocracy sets it all in stone
More pessimistic travelers call the Zones, "the seams of
creation," and predict that as the world continues to go to
hell, that the Zones will grow wider and wider until every-
thing else is sucked into them and disappears. Both theories
have valid points; the Zones are spreading, and have be-
come much easier to reach in recent years. What this
development portends, I'm not sure I want to know.

Reaching the Zones is often more a matter of luck than
of intent. While some of them, like Maya and the Digital
Web, are close enough to enter often and on purpose, the
more esoteric Zones, like the Null and the Mirror, open
only by accident. The Vistas don't seem to open at all;
everyone I've ever talked to says you can see them but can't
join them. In short, these regions are enigmas, even to the
Awakened. Maybe it should stay that way. I guess even God

needs His little secrets.

Maya, the Dream Zone

Also known as Maya, the Dream Realms, the Dream-
ing and a thousand other related things, the Dream Zone
comprisesaspace where imagination creates floating Realms
which bob through the Tellurian like soda bubbles. Most of
these bubbles are small, and quickly pop when the dream is
done. Others, fed by recurring visions or shared folklore,
attain unusual size and permanence. The more people visit
a given Realm, the bigger it grows until it "lodges" and
becomes a part of the so-called Mythic Realms (described
later this chapter).

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain


7

72S

IN

go Straight into my ears no matter what I did to es

The possible origin of the entire Middle World (do
we dream up the Earth, or are we the dreams of the Earth?
No one can give me a straight answer on this) might be
traced to the Dream Zone. As I understand it, another
author handles the Dreamtime in Chapter Three, so I'll
leave it alone for now.

The Digital Web

What can I say about this Realm of shared con-
sciousness that isn't common knowledge to everyone
who would visit it? In this world of information made
form, computers tap into a network so vast that even its
greatest explorers haven't mapped it all out yet. I'm not
sure they ever will — if the Zone comes from human
imagination, and humans are constantly born, then the
Digital Web
makes the place bigger

theoretically infinite. Each new mind
At the same time, most

cosmologies say the Web circulates inside the Horizon.

That's a limited space — a really big space, but limited
nonetheless. I don't know. All 1 do know is that there are
several sources of information [Editor's Note: Digital
Web and the Mage rulebook] which say more about
cyberspace than I have space to do.

The Mirror Zone

To be frank, we haven't got the slightest idea what
the Mirror Zone is, where it comes from, what it means
or what its events mean to us. Travelers seem to fall into
it, or be swept into it, without even realizing where they
are or what they've entered. Suddenly, things just seem
wrong. Only when the wanderer sorts out the problem
can he escape.

The Mirror zone replicates life as we know it. As is
often the case in the Umbra, our experiences seem to shape
what we get when the Mirror Zone enfolds us. | looked up
from my drink while resting on a Moon Path to find that my
friends Sara and Ryk were making love like animals. Nor-
mally, they couldn't stand each other, and I hadn't seen any
overtures pass between them. One minute, they were glow-
ering at each other across the fire (it hadn't been a good
day), the next, they were in each other's arms (and each
other's pants). What happened?

Well, itseems I'd been carryinga torch for Sara without
y but

realizing it. Nothing had ever passed between us, eithe
I always wanted her to make the first move. As we were
sitting around the campsite, the Mirror Zone had crossed
over us, or maybe I'd just leaned too far back and fallen into
it. Anyway, the seeds of like and lust blossomed intoa vision

of Sara having sex with my best friend. Dealing with that

eventwasgoing to be my problem.
"2 Vttied to ignore the... festivities... at first. What
_ businestewas it of mine? As I shifted off into the shadows,
f my jealousy began to eat at me, and the sounds seemed to

cape

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

them. Finally, I got up and walked over: "Um, guys, look,
isn't there gonna be enough time for that later?" I know
my tone was angry and didn't care. | mean, I was the
Cultist of Ecstasy, for God's sake, and here Sara was with

aguy she didn't even like. So I stood over the two of them

and spoke my mind.

I'm afraid the details of that little speech are a bit too
longand embarrassing to go into at length; when I finished,
I looked down at their puzzled faces. Sara and Ryk were
abouta yard apart, fully clothed and totally confused. They
hadn't touched each other, and were wondering what I was
ranting about. "Well," Sara replied at last, "you could've
just said something earlier." It took us all a while to p
out what had happened; somehow, my insecurities had

manifested themselves as an all-encompassing hallucina-
tion which | had to confront to understand. That's what the

Mirror Zone does — it sneaks up on you, turns your world

inside out for a moment, makes you experience things that
don't exist (but which relate to you in personal ways), and
sticks around until you do something about what you see.

I've heard about Zone "moments" where dead enemies
returned, where friendships went sour, plans fell apart and
sudden illnesses ravaged the traveler or his party. The only
way to make these visions go away is to stand up to them,
deal with the situation, and put the pieces back together
when the Zone fades away

The Null Zone

Ryk called this Zone "Backstage at the Theatre of the
Mind." I think he was right — these tunnels peeking out
into other Realms resemble the corridors behind the

storefronts of a shopping mall, or the backstage of a
gigantic theater with a thousand plays in motion at once.
From inside the Null, you can catch glimpses of the other

Sara had another in-

worlds I mention in this chapte
sight, one which scares the crap out of me. She says it's the
womb of all creation, the place we all begin. God help me,
I think she's right.

The Null resembles a damp, endless tunnel complex,
humid and warm. Everything inside seems both terribly real
and disjointedly unreal (asa Cultist, Ididn'thavea problem
with this, but my companions did). No item of technology
more sophisticated than a club works here, so Virtual
Adepts should consider themselves warned, if they can find
the place at all. Magick doesn't work, either. I've heard

even faeries and vampires are left with only their wits for

survival. Shapeshifters don't seem to be affected the same
way, though — maybe it's some primal inheritance of
theirs. Although the complex retains some technological
rates and vents, they may be

features, such as doors,
metaphors for things we "see" but cannot comprehend.
Time and space are meaningless in the Null. The
tunnels link every place within the Horizon (and maybe
outside it as well), and a traveler can spend what seems

like lifetimes inside the maze and never age. That's
pretty scary when you think of it — it's all too easy to get
lost in here. I think these corridors might comprise what
the Verbena call "the paths of the Wyck," the elemental

routes which linked all creation together in the early

days. | know some Umbral travelers walk out past the
Horizon and into the Deep Umbral worlds. Maybe this is
how they do it.

Entering this Zone is pretty hard. You have to concen-
trate on getting "backstage" while stepping sideways from
the Near Umbra. This approach works equally well from
any of the Three Worlds, so knowing this trick may save
your life someday. Doing itis perilous, however —screw up,

and they'll never find the pieces — and a lot harder than
simply passing through Earth's Gauntlet
I know of two ways to leave this Zone. The first is to

find a Realm and "step out from behind the scenery
were. Once you do, you're stuck — the Null closes behind
you as you pass through. Wedging it open doesn't work

I tried. The other method involves stepping sideways again.
Ie'sas hard the second time as it is the first time, and just as
dangerous, so don't do it unless you have no choice

Vistas

As far as I can tell, these "places" aren't actually
locations at all, but form giant "Umbral movies" of events
totally outside your control. No one I've heard of has ever
entered or affected a Vista, so I'm not sure whether to call
them "Zones" or to classify them as another sort of thing
entirely. Since classification is often a fruitless exercise in
the Umbra, I'll just tell you what I know

Vistas reflect a world in which something important
has just happened. Some recount the beginning of time
(which, from what I hear, different people see in differ-
ent ways, from the Big Bang to the shattering of the One
into Many to the first celestial battle which gave birth to
the heavens), while others show you your own death, the
Final Judgment (Apocalypse, Armageddon, Ragnarok,

whatever you want to call it), or a world so encased by

Stasis that nothing moves at all. As you can imagine,
most Vistas are pretty upsetting to view; worse, there's
nothing you can do to change them. They present their
little vision and move on.

Thes
field of view, as if whatever was happening was right in

» Umbral scenescapes spread across your entire

front of you. They seem more like events than like movie
screens, and affect all a traveler's senses. The traumatic
nature of Vistas often leaves you feeling depressed and

drained afterward, as if everything is preordained. The

differences between the visions, however, help to shake
this fatalism. After all, each person sees slightly different
things, and each Vista differs from the others. Maybe
they're not really pasts or futures, just possibilities. Isn't
that what the whole Umbra represents?

Realms

Fragmented plan
ties float through the Umbra much like drifting islands in a
vast archipelago. If you search long and far enough, the
Tapestry of the Middle Umbra reveals itself to be rich in

and semi-coherent spiritual reali-

spiritual Quintessence and spectacle. Almost anything can
be found in the Middle Umbra, if you combine daring and
willpower with the proper thoughts and feelings.

The Umbral trails and paths connect different land-
scapes, spirit-worlds and alternate realities. These places are
much like Horizon Realms, but have a much stronger set of

physical laws. Seven major "worlds" exist, although the Garou
istence of others.

and other mages have made claims for the e

1 won't dispute what others have experienced, for I've found
that all of us experience the Middle Umbra uniquely.

The seven locations in the Middle Umbra worthy of
the title "worlds" are the Aetherian Reaches, the Chasm,
Dystopia, Hy-Brasil, the Mythic Worlds, the Radiance,
and the Wasteland. Each one has its own beauty and

sickness, although I fear that more spiritual rot and corrup-
tion exists in these worlds than spiritual bliss. A Lupine
shaman once told me of a hidden land in the Spirit Realm
called Summer Country, where all is happiness and plenty.
Ifsuch aplace exists, however, then perhaps unsurprisingly,
T have not proved worthy enough to find it. Other worlds
are rumored to exist in the Middle Umbra, but only the
most spiritually oriented mysticks can find them.

These R
orrather, the collective psychic residue of dreams. Thoughts,
wishes, daydreams and powerful emotions mold ephemera,
the stuff of the Spirit World, into Realms, Domains, and

-alms seem to be the manifestations of dreams,

other regions in the Middle Umbra. Once enough psychic
energy collects, the worlds take on their own life.

A Note About "Residents"

Like the Astral Realms and Underworld, some Realms of
n

the Middle Umbra seem crowded with people; in fact, most of

ve been born to live in these lands, and

appear tol

these fol

any other worlds exist, no matter

don't seem to recognize tha
how outlandish the place may seem to us. Where do these
people come from?

The same goes for animals; most Realms worth the name
have indigenous wildlife, often Bygones from Earth's past but
occasionally creatures that never existed on our home reality
(or at least, they never made it into the storybooks). How did
these creatures come to be?

Unlike Horizon Realms, which usually "import" their
populations or grow them in custom ecosystems, Middle
Umbral Realms appear to have two kinds of inhabitants:
Earth people and animals, and obvious spirits. The formerare
assolid as youand me, while the latter are made of ephemera,
which only spirit creatures or mysticks can touch without
magick. I have a few theories about the first variety myself:

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain 53

iN XK

ID.


lS

NO Ail

© These beings are all spirits who have forgotten what

they are.

© These beings come from Earth through their dreams

and stay only for a while.

© These beings are the souls of dead people.

¢ Any or all of the above.

Any Umbral traveler will hold forth on his or her pet
theory for hours, citing this story or that event. Who knows
for certain? I do not pretend that knowledge. I know only

that the beings I've encountered in the spirit worlds seemed
as alive as any of us, if a little single-minded. Some seemed
anxious to see the rest of the Otherworlds, but most of them
denied that anything of the kind was possible and refused to
be proved wrong. Many of those I tried to bring with me
simply faded away when we left their home Realm.

Maybe the same thing happens with people from our
own reality.

Shall we begin?

The Aetherian Reaches

Pe] We can take a special pride in knowing that
GPM within each of us is the stuff of stars
— Dr. Brett Chase, Celestial Odysseys

The Aetherian Reaches are easy to enter.
If you can fly to the tops of the highest clouds
in the Middle Umbra, you reach the sky realm
When your breathing becomes cold and re-
freshing, like after a long mountain run, you
have found the Aetherian Reaches.

At first glance, they resemble some Hollywood vision
of heaven: you're standing on white cloud, surrounded by
knee-high mists with black starry skies or spectacular sunlit
blue heavens asa backdrop. Looking in all directions, you'll
see nothing but a flat plain of clouds. The ground doesn't
feel solid. After a moment or two, you realize that's because
. As you look

up, you realize that there is a great deal more to the

it's slowly drifting, pushed along by the breez

Aetherian Reaches than you may have first envisioned.

Description

The Aetherian Reaches encompass the entire sky of
the Middle Umbra. This world is the domain of the
Thunderbird, realm of the cosmic Sky-Father, starting

point for spirit quests to the planetary spheres. When you
turn your eyes to the zenith, you gaze out of the Middle
Umbra into the High Umbra and whatever may lie beyond.

The Horizon appears as a mighty double rainbow with

sparkling jewels floating between the ribbons of light. The

jewels are Horizon Realms, each one with its own facet and

unique color. The panoramic view is crystal clear. Your eyes
can see stars and objects that the most powerful telescopes
on Earth could never resolve. Vision here is nearly a tactile
sensory experience. A s

nse of awe comes with the territory;
some folks are overcome by fear when they first look up in
the Aetherian Reaches. I don't know who named it, but I've

always heard the upward view referred to as "gazing upon
the soul of forever."
Cloud islands mark the domains of the Umbrood.

Castles and mountain aeries rise from some of them. Sev-

eral aerial totem spirits hold their own Umbral courts in the

54 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Aetherian Reaches. Flights of whirlwinds and raptors pa-
trol their strongholds. From what I've heard about the High
Umbral Courts, these may be back doors into their do-

ke their homes in the

mains. Then again, plenty of spirits ma
Middle Umbra, too. I don't think any Realm has exclusive
housing rights.

While all the spirits dwelling in the Aetherian Reaches
can fly, most of usaren't so lucky. Torise into this wondrous
sky, a traveler needs to grow wings or otherwise carry herself
aloft: Befriending a cloud spirit provides the gentlest means

of travel, although not the swiftest

The Aetherian Reaches supposedly offer access to the

three great Umbral Courts of the spirits. These Astral
Realms — the Western
Egyptian Court

cultures which spawned them. Although most mages miss

Yourt, the Eastern Court and the
roughly correspond to the myths of the
the Aetherian Reaches on the way to the Umbral Courts,
portals exist in the cloud Realm which allow direct entry
into these worlds. I am all but certain that a fourth Court,
the Lodge of the Sky, lies within the Aetherian Reaches,
inhabited by pre-Columbian and ancient tribal spirits

Background

A Garou shaman once told me that the Celestines, the

mightiest of spirits, created the Aetherian Reaches as a
border between this world and the Deep Umbra beyond the
Horizon. When the physical world was torn from the Middle
Umbra, the spiritual strength of many sky spirits anchored
the world of the Aetherian Reaches, preventing it from
sinking into the Umbral Mists. This legend seems plausible
to the spirits which reside in the Aetherian Reaches.
Interestingly, I have heard that Technomancers of all
types, even Tradition ones, are banned from this world.

Maybe the spirits wanted someplace all to themselves, a

world where the march of technology didn't clutter the air

with flying machines and laws of mass and gravity. Explor-
ers too wrapped up in their machines to notice the scent
of pine breeze just seem to pass this place on by. No one
with a jet pack ever flew through the Aetherian skies.

Hopefully, none ever will.


Places of Interest

This Umbral sky is literally endless. Itdoesn'teven stop at
the Horizon, which cuts across the heavens like a translucent
Dreamshell. Through this barrier, which Garou call the Mem-
brane, you can see the stars and the distant Sun. Anchotheads,
whirling massesof chaos, swirl into beingacross the Membrane
and quickly fade away. Those who get their timing right can
pass through and venture into the Deep Umbra

‘The Planetary Spheres

ach planet in that sky has a spiritual manifestation;

most of these, in turn, are supposedly governed by Celestines
orother powerful spirits. I assume that these spirit-planets are
the Shade Realms that other mages speak of [described in
Chapter Five — Alexis}. I've visited the Courts of two such
Umbrood, Hyperion and Phoebe (see below). I'm sure others
like them exist, but reaching them involves a long Umbral
flight into the eternal night sky. I'm not up to that yet.

‘The Reaches

Along the Horizon, three patches of essence create
mini-Realms called "Reaches." These Reaches seem to
correspond to the metaphysical elements of Dynamism,
Stasis and Entropy, although the Garou who know the
Middle World best call them Wyld, Weaver and Wyrm. In

the highest skies of the Aetherial world, these regions

embody their "parents": the Wyld Reaches throb with
constant change — nothing there retains its form for long.
The Weaver Reaches resemble titanic w

bs, huge manifes-

tations of the Pattern Web that binds the Tellurian together.

The Wyrm Reaches are unspeakably hostile, floating hives

of decay both spiritual and material
All three Reaches pass through the Horizon, forming

wormhole Anchorhead gates to greater Realms in the Void

beyond. P've heard learned people call these greater Realms
Shenti (see Chapter Five). No one I've spoken to has passed
into these outer worlds, but I can imagine the journey would

be hazardous in the extreme.

‘The Citadel of Hyperion

I have, however, traveled to the Courts of the Sun and
Moon, located on the Umbral Shades of their respective
planets. Unlike their cousins, these Realms are inside the
Horizon, not outside.

[Editor's Note: Actually, the Moon is located inside the

Horizon, asis Mars. The

Sun is quite outside that barrier, though,
asare the other planets. The Fisher Princess does a nice job on

those Realms in Chapter Five. Funny thing, though: the Moon

and Sun she describesare nothing like the places Trevyn visited.
Here's what I was talking about earlier, kiddies; visitors to the
"same" places can have vastly different experiences. I've never
been to either one myself, so I can't say. Hey, according to
Trevyn, I couldn't find these Aetherian Reaches if tried —I'm

too into Science, I guess! Cheers ! — Alexis.]

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain


IN

The Umbrood Lord Hyperion dwells in a fortress of
burning brass at the center of the Sun of the Aetherian
Reaches. Fire elementals and solar spirits serve in various
positions in his Court. Thankfully, the temperature within
the citadel stays at an almost comfortable level. Ele-

ments of different human cultures decorate the composite
court of Hyperion. Shields hang on walls beside Ionic
columns beneath the
Hyperion himself has little patience for the curious,

vaulted ceilings of minarets.

preferring to discuss only matters of extreme importance.
However, he will grant an audience to anyone who has
the perseverance to reach his citadel.

Lord Hyperion is an powerful and self-confident spirit

lord who considers himself the last of the true solar deities.

He desires worshippers, and cults of bronzed sun bathers
appeal to him. However, Hyperion does not expect wor-
ship from the Awakened, only from the "unenlightened
masses." Hyperion appreciates physical beauty and takes
the material form of a handsome male, usually resembling
an Olympic swimmer surrounded by an aura of fire. He
enjoys intelligent conversation, but demands respect
Lord Hyperion possesses an unerring ability to discern
between sincerity and flattery. Beware casual informality!
Hyperion punishes those who offend him with permanent
burns, which only the most potent Life magicks can heal.

- The Court of Phoebe

Phoebe, the Aetherian Moon Lady, attends and ad-
vises the Celestine Luna. The soft, cool light of the Umbral
Moon fills her manor, illuminating graceful statuary and
gardens. A faint blue-white haze hangs throughout her
home, and sounds echo through the halls and fade in the
dens. Flashes of light through the windows indicate the

opening of the Moon Bridges, extremely powerful Moon
Paths which connect sites back on Earth.
Phoebe treats most who come to visit her with the same

respect they treat her. She typically appears as a veiled,

well-shaped woman, but some say she often takes the form
of an owl made of moonlight. Lady Phoebe commands the
Moon Paths and Moon Bridges of the Middle Umbra, so
many Umbral travelers desire her favor.

Phoebe herself seems to prefer fanciful dreams over
empty flattery, and she encourages wonder among the hu-

mans far below. It's said that she herself touched the Earth
with wonder when the Apollo spacecraft landed in her
domain. Even so, she despises the Technocrats who have

defiled the Moon's material aspect with their bases and

training exercises. As I understand it, she feels the lunar
landing was an act of pure wonder, while the earlier settle-
ments were motivated by conquest. According to her, it was
the Void Engineers who caused the Moon to whither into the
barren rock it is today. Shapechanging cats and fae beings
wander the Court of Moonlight, and they often harass the
Void Engineers who treat Luna's body with such disdain.

Ecology

The most common inhabitants of the Aetherian
Reaches are bird and air spirits. Mythical beasts, such as
dragons and griffins, soar across the sky, and a palace of
werewolf guardians sits on one of the highest clouds. Con-
sidering the number of Umbrood fiefs in the Aetherian
Reaches, it should come as no surprise that almost every
spirit here serves some Umbrood Lord or Lady. Like most
places in the Otherworlds, a mage would do well to try
diplomacy when encountering these spirits.

The Chasm

Thave traveled to the Chasm but once, and

itis nota quest that I intend to undertake again.

Sometimes, memories of the Chasm wake me in
the night. | will not return to it ever, at least not
of my own free will.

Crevices and ruts in the Middle-Umbra's
id to the Chasm. These dark lines resemble the sort
of cracks that children jump over on broken sidewalks or

trails le:

avoid stepping on in dried mud. The cracks and ruts grow
larger as you approach this abyss. If you fail to find the
Chasm that way, just travel randomly along pathways you
do not know. This eternal canyon draws all lost things to it,

even through the Umbral mists.

56 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Description

The Chasm is a much a state of mind and being as it is
a location in the Middle Umbra. The Realm that contains
the largest known rent in the cosmic tapestry isn't much to
behold. As faras the eye can see, plains of gray dried mud give
way to plains of brown dried mud, except forthe Chasm itself.
enter of the Realm, the crack
draws the gaze of any visitor, although it's not much tosee.

Running through the

Perhaps it would be better to say that it's much not to see.
If you look down into the great canyon, the void inside
isn't dark or light. It just isn't anything. You'll feel it when
you visit —a chill that starts at the back of your neck and
tuns down your spine and stops just below your breast-
bone. A reminder that we're all mortal maybe, I'm not
sure. Something to let us know that in the business of
forever, even reality may die.


The only sound you'll hear is the wind. You have to
listen, but there's a faint whine as it blows down into
infinity. Some say that if you listen carefully enough, you
can hear it intensify, as if the entire Chasm were breathing.
As far as smell goes, the air is devoid of any aromas except
those you bring with you. The only scent is sweat, possibly
mixed with the aluminum sulfide of deodorant or anti-
perspirants. You never realize how many scents carry in the
air until you can't smell any of them. Even the dried mud
doesn't have an earthy aroma. If you scoop some up in your
hands, the dirt's just cold.

Even the climate offers no sensation; the Realm re-
mains always just slightly cool. If you have two friends who
argue about how hot or cold a place is, bring them to the
Chasm. They'll both find ita little cool. Don't think about
it too long or it might start to bother you.

The only thing that marks the Chasm are the paths down
its sides and the crumbling stone bridge which spans one of the
narrow parts. Do you want to know what happens if you take
the paths down? Or what occurs if you dare to cross the bridge?

Just so you know, most call it the Bridge of Despair. Few
down into the

travelers have the strength of character to g:
Chasm without experiencing intense feelings of hopelessness.

Five are the ways into the Chasm: the Way of Iron, the
Way of Silver, the Way of Gold, the Way of Steel, and the
Way of Soil. None are easy. Most lead only to death or
corruption. The Ways of Iron, Silverand Gold lieon the near
side of the Chasm. The Ways of Steel and Soil wind down
into the nothingne

on the distant side, and only those who

first cross the Bridge of Despair may hope to find them

If you go deep enough into the Chasm, your percep-
tions play tricks on you. The more perceptive you are, the
greater your danger of suffering hallucinations. I think the
Chasm affects the brain just as a sensory deprivation cham-
ber does. Mages have less trouble with these hallucinations
than do other beings, I've learned. In many ways, the

Chasm helps a mage focus on his Avatar, or so I'm told.

I've wandered the dead plains for days and weeks on end,
trying to find some other landmark, a habitation, a sign of life
orspirit. Nomatter how far I go, Lalways return to the Chasm.

ably.
I'm not sure why that's true, because it doesn't seem like Paradox
interfering with my e!

Background

I researched the Chasm in the archives of the House of

Onelast thing: magick doesn't work here, at leastnotrel

forts. Maybe the Chasm just doesn't like us.

Quodosch, but couldn't find substantial information, just a
few naturalistic myths and some unfounded theories as to its
nature and origin. The Chasm has inspired a library of vague
and unreliable material. As with most mysteries, I suspect the
truth lies somewhere between the myths and theories.
One school of thought about the Chasm (also known as
the Abyss
of mankind's collective death wish. Considering the suicidal

, maintains that the entire region is a manifestation

effects it induces in visitors, I'm inclined to agree. An unsigned
treatise that I discovered stated that the Chasm has grown
considerably in size since the 1800s. I'm not sure I buy that, just

because I think the Bridge of Despair would have collapsed if

the Chasm got any wider. The counterpoint to my argument,
of course, is that the bridge could grow with the Chasm.
Another idea bandied about in some discussions of the
Middle Umbra is that the Chasm is where the spirit world is
dyi
spiritual tumor. As more spiritual energy fades from reality,

One mage compared the Chasm's world to a malign

the Chasm grows larger. The abyss replaces the Umbral mist.

The mythic cycles regarding the Chasm support two basic
: First, a being known as the Devourer lives in the spirit
world dominated by the Chasm. The Chasm itself is just the
maw of the Devoure:

views

The tales I found say that a tribe of
American Indians sacrificed themselves to kill the Devourer,
butthe monster's hunger isso great thateven death cannotend
story,

The final tale states that the Chasm is the last remnant
of the primal darkness before creation, and it leads down into

it. The Chasm seems too eternal for me to believe thi

the underworld. A funny variant that I found on this was that
the Chasm is where God died. On further reflection, the
variant's not that funny.

Places of Interest
* The Way of Gold

Of the Near Ways, the most treacherous is the Way of
Gold. Sharp jagged bones of humans, animals and other
things that seem to be neither human nor animal litter the
path. Considering that the Way of Gold is only three to
five feet wide, this debris becomes quite dangerous. The
Chasm walls along the path glitter with gold and veins of
gemstones. The material wealth here is so great, that even
Those
who pay attention to the patterns on the walls eventually

the greediest miser could fill his vault of fantas

recognize runes cursing those who steal from the Chasm.
Travelers fluent in many languages report that the runes
age: "Those who take what belongs to
the Chasm, leave themselves as payment." As the Way of

repeat the same me:

Gold continues downward, breaks start to form, and gaps
appear in the path. My thinking is that the Way of Gold
ultimately leads to self-destruction.

‘The Way of Silver

The Way of Silver has a strange significance to the
werewolves that often travel through the Umbra. Some
tribes believe that their ancestors passed through the Chasm
Way of Silver. The path itself becomes a trail of
pure silver, winding down into the Chasm. The going is not

along the

difficult, as long as an explorer keeps his senses about him.
After traveling nearly a hundred feet into the Chasm,
gigantic carvings and faces start to appear on the walls.

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain

PNG, <

ID.


Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Many of the faces belong to beings out of ancient legends,
such as cyclopes, gorgons, ki-rin, and men and women
wearing ancient helms and headdresses. A few travelers
refer to this place as "the cemetery of the gods." In the
Umbrood Courts, a few pompous spirits claim their images
have been carved along the walls of the Chasm as tribute.
Other authorities maintain that the faces belong to those
who've fallen to their doom within the Chasm. The Way of
Silver has little to offer, just a few vague historical clues,
reminders of times long forgotten.

- The Way of Iron

The Iron Way provides a wider, easier descent into the
Chasm. Caves lie along the path filled with both dangers
and rewards for the courageous. Inside the caverns closest to
the surface, a visitor finds only the remains of long-dead
explorers and bits of debris, items lost in the Umbra and
swept into the caves along the Iron Way. The deeper
explorers go, the more intricate the cave structures become.
Abouta hundred feet down, where light does not reach, the
natural chambers and corridors grow ever more vast and
interconnected. Living within these chambers are ancient
mages and other Awakened beings driven mad by the
Chasm. A few of them possess artifacts of power or Talis-
mans salvaged from the upper caves. No one living has ever
found an end tothe Iron Way. Tales claim that it continues,
growing ever more dangerous, down into oblivion. Mad:
ness lies at the end of the Iron Way — no one who stays in
the Chasm long enough

‘ The Bridge of Despair

Like an enormous cobweb, the Bridge of Despair dangles

to find its end could stay sane.

across the Chasm. Enormous skulls and bones along its sides
provide some semblance of a railing, but also add to the
bridge's eeriness. A wind blows down into the Chasm,
making a faint noise as it whistles along the bridge. Despite
the sound, the breeze is so soft that you have to stop to feel it

Every surface of the bridge has the same lusterless,
gray coating. Upon careful inspection, I discovered that
the gray substance was dust. Brushing it aside, I found
bones jammed together. Once I realized what the bridge
was made of, I could see the outlines of skulls and bones

everywhere. A passage from Ecclesiastes summed up the
bridge nicely: Life is useless. It is like chasing the wind
Images of death surrounded me. I felt a cold hunger

fingering my soul. I crossed quickly

‘The Way of Steel

I didn't spend much time on the Way of Steel. This
path into the Chasm was quieter and less lifelike than the
rest, which I found comforting. It seemed antiseptic, like an
oft
hence the name, and the wall alongside was flat, like

building. The path beneath my feet was smooth steel,

machine-cut metal. After a while, | found a cave and
entered. Stalagmites of lost umbrellas, car keys, socks and


other items reached toward the ceiling. I started rummaging
through this discarded junk, not really knowing why. By the
time I stopped, my eyes hurt and a day's worth of stubble
covered my jaw. My life seemed meaningless; searching
through these discarded items was all that mattered. It was
like playing an addictive video game for hours and discon-
necting from reality. Something within, perhaps my Avatar,
compelled me to leave. I staggered out of the cave and
climbed up the Way of Steel. That was the closest the
Chasm had come to claiming me.

‘The Way of Soil

The Way of Soil was the final path I found into the
Chasm. A thick, dark loam covered the trail into the

=

darkness. | walked down, unable to smell the lif

>-giving

odors that I associate with good soil. I didn't expect to

smell anything. The loose soil made travel treacherous.
Sliding off the Way be
continued into the depths.

me a distinct possibility as I

Further down, I found large terraced ledges covered
with dead leaves, yellow stalks and white roots. A faintly
rose-colored blossom beckoned to me. I stroked the petals
They cracked like dry leaves, and some presence brushed
me with a deep sadness. I studied some botany in my

university days, but I couldn't recognize any of the plants.
The terrace continued as far as I could see along the sides of
the Chasm. Looking out over the edge, I saw another

terrace below, also covered with strange plants. Soon, |
realized that the plants I saw were all extinct on Earth. |
touched the needle of a conifer and a chill trailed down my
spine. This was a graveyard of plant spirits. As the wind
blew across the terrace, petals drifted in the air, fragments
of some tropical flower, obliterated from the Earth at that

very moment, probably a victim of rainforest destruction

Ecology

Asfaras | can tell, a beast calling itself Nightmaster is the
only permanent living resident of the Chasm. The creature
dwells in the dark, and claws its way between the paths. I
encountered the fiend once myself, and it threatened me
with an army of dark servants. Roused from my depression, |
attempted to kill the monstrosity, but from what I could tell,
the beast cannot die. Evil has consumed Nightmaster, but I
cannot feel anything besides pity for him. Lost spirits, most
of which are quite insane, also wander the Chasm's paths,
crevices and tunnels. The few I saw had twisted and rotting
flesh, making their gender and species unrecognizable

Nothing truly lives in the Chasm. Nothing at all.

Dystopia

Cities are the abyss of the human species

nile

— Jean Jacques Rousseau, E

My information about Dystopia comes
from a Virtual Adept, Daneel. She spends
much of her time exploring the Digital
Web Zone, but we met in Dystopia, where
we were trying to avoid agents of the Tech-
nocracy. While I had wandered into
Dystopia in the conventional way, she had
taken the more commonly-traveled road there, a "back
door" from the Digital Web, where this spiritual com-
puter network meshes with the Realm. Werewolves refer
to this entrance as the Computer Web. Entry into Dysto-
pia is possible through any terminal in the Digital Web,
and some Virtual Adepts take new members there for
lessons of how not to let the Earth decay.

The routes to Dystopia have a modern feel to them. If
youcan find pavement in the Middle Umbra, follow it until
you see skyscrapers all around you. A number of Formatted
Sectors in the computer Zone [places where some mage or
cabal has grabbed a bit of Net-space and changed it to fit
— Alexis] access Dystopia; some Cybernauts
seem to enjoy coming here for some hard-hitting R&R, and
some Technocrats may use the Realm to indulge in fanta-

their needs

sies their "Inner Circle" probably wouldn't approve of.

Description

Dystopia is a nightmarish world, a dark futuristic city
(Oris it, in fact, the future?) that sprawls endlessly, broken
only by a toxic lake or burning tiv
present, and the misery of the Realm's inhabitants is almost
palpable. This sprawl has four layers: the Undercity, Old
Town, Downtown and Uptown.

. Pollution is ever-

The Undercity, or the Pit, extends deep beneath the
streets of Dystopia. Some say this Undercity is larger than
all of the other layers combined. The trash from Dystopia's
upper layers filters down here, where the stench of organic
. Dying spirits and

madmen share the sewers and collapsed subways with the

and chemical wastes assaults the travele

Technocracy's mutant rejects and shuffling toxic mon-
strosities. Cults of diabolists hold perverse rites in the Pit,
and Nephandi sometimes scour the Undercity for potential
servants. None of the Undercity's denizens have any hope
left. No Technomancer can accept the Undercity and
remain devoted to creating the world his Union foresees.

Old Town covers the street level of Dystopia. The
ground-level view looks like a war zone. The competing

scents of burning paper, oil, urine, smog and cleaning fluid
don't enhance the environment. Rats scuttle back and
forth. Barricades of vehicle wreckage, rusted girders and

assorted debris block the streets. Graffiti proclaims death

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain 59

YK

| ZZ ON

NG Ail

and despair amid offers of sexual favors. Sunlight trickles
down through small holes in the overhanging walkways
between the massive skyscrapers. Technological spirits and
minions of the Technocracy stalk the streets.

Clusters of people survive huddled in the ruined lower

floors of the buildings. A few wage war against the upper

classes in the high-rises. These urban tribes have a strange
belief system, equating material possessions and advanced
equipment to Divinity, a religious conviction similar to the
cargo cults of the South Pacific. Sons of Ether can quickly
amass a following among them by demonstrating unique
inventions. Old Town guerrillas fight to climb the "corpo-
rate ladder" up to the penthouses and roofs of the buildings,
where corrupt Technocrats and greedy mortals make com-
fortable homes. Corporate overlords have sealed the
stairwells and elevator shafts leading to Old Town, so
terrorists must scale the outside of the glass and steel towers.

Downtown is the most inviting layer of Dystopia. All of the
citizens walk along balconies and skywalks, purchasing advanced
technology conveniences with identification cards. These cards
serveas cash, identification and keys, and allow citizens to access
the public computer terminals, located along every walkway, as
well as the personal computers in their apartments. HIT Mark

and other more experimental androids, police Downtown.
Perfumes fill the air, keeping the reek of Old Town at bay. They
don't help much. Downtown looks nice, but feels sterile.

The residents of this "paradise" seem as bored as they

are happy. Some Downtown citizens may help outsiders just

to add excitement to their lives, but most of them prefer
their daily monotony. Most citizens live only for advances
in technology, for "new stuff."

The mind of Dystopia lives in Uptown. Mag-lev
elevators provide access to Uptown from Downtown if you
have the correct identification card. Guardian spirits
called Attack Geomids (see Chapter Six) target any

intruder they catch Uptown, calcifying their victims and

taking them into laboratories to be drained of spirit
essence. I know for a fact that Iteration X and the Syndi-
cate have operatives in the higher levels of Dystopia who
experiment on the citizenry. Rumors abound that a large

Technoc
quarters, is actually located in Uptown. This part of town
offers more danger than information, e

Construct, the Planning Commission Head-

‘cept for the truly

bold. In other words, if you want to brave Uptown, make
sure you're willing not to return.

Background

Some say that Dystopia was once the spirit world of the
perfect city, a spiritual dream of society's grandest goals. In
ancient times, this world had different names, such as the
Polis or the Mir. The Technocracy — or its fall from grace
— changed humanit
Few visionaries subscribe to the ideas of garden cities of

visions of the cities of the future.

tomorrow any longer. As the Technocracy imposes its

60 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

edictsupon humanity, the dream ofa brighter future through
science crumbles. The declining quality of life in modern
cities has transformed a spiritual monument to the best
aspects of society into a testament to the worst elements of
the Urban Age.

So where do the people in Dystopia come from? think
there's a dream-portal siphoning people into this futuristic
nightmare. Dreamers who spend their nights in anxiety-
dreams of work or urban sprawls may condemn their
un-Awakened Avatars to life in this Realm. While most
residents of this dark Umbral world are spirits, I'm inclined
to believe that the ghosts of dead workaholics also share
Dystopia with the numb souls of internet addicts. After all,
isn't it written that we inherit the afterlife we deserve?

Appropriately enough, the "soulless" Technocrats often
travel here in their dreams. I'm sure that somewhere in
Uptown (and, perhaps, in the Pit as well), a portal into the
Dream Zone sends members of the Technocracy here. Maybe

this is where the Static Ones have their own versions of
See

some, a nightmare to others!" The Technomancers who visit

ings, or maybe, as Merlin once said, it's just "a dream to

seem divided about how to handle Dystopia. Reform-minded
Technocrats fight against the corruption and filth to salvage

the mega-city, while the Union's more corrupt agents see this

spirit world as a testing area for new technology. A few
members of the Technocracy have visions of Dystopia in
their nightmares, but onlya few Void Engineers openly admit
that their spirits might travel the Umbra while they sleep.

Places of Interest

-Cyber-clinics

In Old Town, some spirits perform operations, graft-
ing cyber-fetishes to willing volunteers. The major
difference between these cyborgs and those employed by
Iteration X is that the machine parts for Old Town
volunteers have spirit energy. Technological spirits give
rs. The Virtual

Adepts and Sons of Ether who submit to these

their essences to bond with the volunte

xperi-
"Wow,
— while Verbena believe that

ments seem generally pleased with these results

dude! New cyberware
re some kind of affront to reality.

these spirit cyborg

‘Rotwang's Garden

There are tunnels, littered with debris from HIT Marks
and androids, that even the hardest survivors of Old Town
avoid. These vents, warrens and drains funnel into Rotwang's
Garden, a Nephandi Labyrinth in the heart of Dystopia.
Here, cybernetically enhanced Fallen Ones forge spirit-
fetishes from the psychic remains of their victims. Each new
victory warrants an additional piece of cyberware and a
sickening victory dance.

The
but the spiritual strength of the hive grows with each day.

Labyrinth's extent and contents are unknown,


4

Soon, it may split off from Dystopia and form a Realm of
its own. Old Towners have started believing that the
Labyrinth, not Uptown, is the new heart of D

stopi

Perhaps this nightmare place within a nightmare city will
consume its parent. If that is the case, may the Labyrinth
choke to death in the process.

- The Computer Net

With theaid of technomagick, the computers in Down-
es directly into the Digital Web.
Although I'd say it was highly unwise to leave your body
behind in an Umbral Realm, Daneel says some Virtual
Adepts do just that. Any immersion procedure that works
from the material world supposedly works from Dystopia as

town can open new

well, and its certainly one of the only places in the Umbra
where you'll find a working computer.

Dystopia also has its own odd spiritual reflection of the
Digital Web, a Formatted Sector called the CyberRealm
Computer Web, which connects to the real Web Zone
through a variety of a

cess points — essentially gates be-
tween the two forms of virtual reality. From what Daneel
says, these access points look like silver pools of light
surrounded by metal coils. She claims walking through this
way hurts like hell, but plenty of people do it. Once on

either side of the access, the traveler must use another
portal to return to where she was or end up trapped

irtual Adepts say that entering Dystopia's computer
web is like being stuck in a weird online service, while the
Digital Web itself hooks you directly into the Internet.
Repressive spirits — more Attack Geomids — haunt
Dystopia's version of virtual reality, making it seem like an
updated showing of the old movie Tron. Dark Umbrood who
represent the spiritual nature of electronic life, such as it may
be, also dwell in Dystopia's shadow web. These odd viruses
damage the body like they chew up computer programs.

Ecology

Dystopia isn't much different from a science-fiction

environment. The residents of the sprawl are typical men
and women, even though some of them might not be "true"
humans. Technology spirits with material forms run ram-
pant in this Realm. In the Undercity, people grow slime,
hunt rats and eat garbage. The residents of Old Town have
bits of synthetic food to add to their diet, while Downtown
and Uptown residents eat nutrient additives. Although the
Technocracy creations runningamok are the greatest threats
to the population, many Undercity folk are dangerous in
their own rights.

Hy-Brasil

Surely the hum of wheels and clatter of printing
presses, to let alone the lecturers with their black
coats and tumblers of water, have driven away
the goblin kingdom and made silent the feet of
the little dancers

— W.B. Yeats, Fairy and Folk Tales of Ireland

Although I have encountered a fair share

angelings, | never completely under-
stood the faerie folk. They possess a power

of cl

over dreams which awes me. I feel that if we mages could
understand the fae and their magicks, we could unlock
many barriers along our Ascension Paths. I decided to seek
out the faerie Realms of the Middle Umbra, and arrived in
the world called Hy-Brasil, a domain of the faeries sundered
forever from lost Arcadia. I'm not certain if Hy-Brasil even
has anything to do with true faeries, or whether it's a dream
Realm, a wish-fulfillment, or a trick.

To reach Hy-Brasil, concentrate upon the faerie folk.
Recite ancient tales of the western fae and recall the
legends of the Fair Ones while following the paths of the
Spirit World. The Umbral mists sometimes part to reveal
winding trails to Hy-Brasil. Wanderers who reach these
roads often encounter minor faeries who often demand a
toll before they allow a visitor to pass into Hy-Brasil. These
tolls range from a handful of dirt to one's good sword arm.
Sometimes it's bes

not to give them what they want.

Description

Hy-Brasil appears as a land of endless fantasy stories.
Here, the seasons never change and day stands locked
eternally in twilight. In the western half of the land, the
sun sets in a midsummer sky. To the east, the moon rises,
cold and baleful, over a midwinter night. The westlan

have well-tended woods with little undergrowth. Tric
ling brooks flow down into fish-laden ponds. Gossamer
waterfalls slip over moss-covered boulders by meres that
reflect the unbroken blue sky. The western horizon glows
with a rose-colored sunset. Occasional scenic manors and
accompanying peasant villages break the verdant forests.
Knights clad in silver armor and sunlight-spun raiment
ride white steeds through the westlands, dispensing jus-
tice in the name of their lord.

The eastern woods are gnarled and dying. The pools are
stagnant, and the mud-filled creeks ooze sluggishly past
their banks. Dead leaves and brambles cover the forest
floor. Thick cobwebs stretch across the trails. As visitors
move farther east, snow and ice gradually cover the ground,
making travel difficult. Ancient ruins covered in strangle
vines rise from the forest, here and there, and monsters
dwell in the east. Ogres and goat-headed men attack the
unwary. Large serpents and spiders prowl through the upper
branches of tre

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain 61

NY

Zn

ID.


Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Two roads run through the land of Hy-Brasil. The first
isa great Roman road cutting through the forest from east to
west. The strongholds of the masters of Hy-Brasil mark its
ends; in the west, the mighty Gateway Castle of Lord Lysander
stands. To the east, the brooding Grim Fortress of Princess
Mariana looms. At the center of the land, the main road
intersects with a decaying old road traveling north to south,
Traveling south leads to cliffs overlooking a great indigo
ocean shrouded in salt mist. Bones of ancient and fantastic

sea creatures and magnificent shells litter the sandy shores
below the cliffs. The northern route eventually leads to a
great river, where a sign warns travelers to go no farther.
Beyond that river, the road continues up into high-peaked
snowcap mountains, where northern lights shimmer behind
the peaks. Sometimes, travelers see giants movingamong the
trees or dragons soaring above the whitecaps.

Traveling through the forests, an explorer can quickly
become lost; normal spatial relations have no meanings in
the faerie woods. Correspondence magicks reveal that
space functions in a capricious way in Hy-Brasil, and Time
magicks are useless. If a traveler can make her way to
Gateway Castle or the Grim Fortress, either of the masters

of Hy-Brasil can grant immunity from this disorientation
Spirit magicks may help a traveler find the great road by
locating the trails of spirits moving through the Realm.

Background

Untold ages past, the faeries created Hy-Brasil to
serve as a buffer between Arcadia and the Middle Umbra
Lord Lysander, a true knight of the Sidhe, received the
e to Arcadia against all who

privilege of guarding the
would approach. Lysander's enemies in the courts of
Arcadia were glad to be rid of the honorable warrior. Even
so, Lysander swore an oath to defend the gate until the
true king chose a new knight to relieve him.

In those days, the Seelie and Unseelie courts alter-
nated rule in Arcadia. When the Unseelie court was in
session, they sent Princess Mariana to the Umbral gate to
serve their own interests. Mariana was a quick-witted,
dark beauty talented in the greatest magicks of the fae.
Mariana was young for her ability, and elders, jealous of
her imagination, tricked her into swearing that she
would stay in the gateway Realm until she destroyed the
Seelie Lord Lysander.

Both Seelie and Unseelie nobles established their
own domains in Hy-Brasil, and soon began their war.
Mariana sent monsters into battle against the silver
knights of Lysander, and he, in turn sent his soldiers

against her. After a few years of stalemate, the Shattering

occurred, destroying the gate to Arcadia. Mariana,
Lysander, and their retainers were stranded, and have
remained so ever since.

The two nobles aged in soul and spirit, if not appear-
ance. Their conflicts alternated between subtle intrigues


and vicious all-out battles, and their small Realm soon
grew into the world I speak of today. Mariana and Lysander
no longer seem interested in continuing the conflict,
except to maintain appearances; indeed, rumors persist in
both courts of a secret romance between the two.

Some dispute the story of Hy-Brasil. They claim that
this world has nothing to do with Arcadia, but instead
reflects the Dream Realms of the faerie lords, presenting a
pale shadow of the beauty of Arcadia revealed in the
Middle Umbra. Both the well-told story of the Gate to
Arcadia and the reflection theory have merits. | cannot

speak for the truth or lie of either. | know only the Realm

where I have gone.
Places of Interest

‘Gateway Castle

Gatew

Castle appears like something out ofa dream
Behind its battlements, the sun slowly sets, backlighting
the white crenelations and highlighting the flapping ban-
ner

nd pennants. The stone-walled palace seems so fragile

as its impossibly thin towers soar skyward, yet even Princess

Mariana claims that no army can assault its walls. As far as
anyone can tell, direct hostile magicks cannot harm the
castle at all.

Beautiful gardens, hedge m

s, ponds anda life-sized
chess board surround Gateway Castle. Silver knights con-
tinually contest one another at the grand tournament
field behind the castle. Sometimes the dark knights and
monsters of the Unseelie courts come to Gateway Castle
under a banner of truce and tilt with Lysander's knights.
If a visitor secures an invitation to a Grand Tournament
of Hy-Brasil, she will have an opportunity to meet all the
fair and foul luminaries of the land.

The Lord of this domain is an honorable man, ifa bit stiff

for a faerie knight. His manners are always perfect and his

grace commendable under the circumstances. While others

IN

in his position might become resentful or suspicious, Lord

Lysander himself displays great generosity and hospitality.
He does not, however, take well to insults or threats against
Arcadia. Gateway Castle has dungeons for such offenders,
and time passes very, very slowly in the faerie lands.

‘Grim Fortress

Mariana's Grim Fortress looms over the Gre:

Road.
Spikes, skulls and gargoyles decorate black battlements
and towers. Dark figures stalk the walls. Bats flutter
around the highest spires, and the portcullis resembles
the maw of a great beast. Bare thorn bushes surround the
moat. Like Gateway Castle, the Grim Fortress repel

hostile magicks. Here, Princess Mariana graciously re-

ceives visitors from the outside world.

A youthful woman of unearthly beauty, Lady Mariana
welcomes visitors from the outside world with graceful good
manners and feasting. Although her domain is an ominous
shadow, the Lady herself seems grateful for new company
and orders fine food and music for her guests. The fare seems
abit macabre —elegies and laments complement dishes of
cooked war pig and spider pie — but most Hollow Ones will
doubtless feel right at home. Lady Mariana hungers for
knowledge about Earth and its faerie inhabitants, and she
will gladly offer favors in exchange for gossip. Within her
Grim Fortress, odd patches of beauty exist, such as sculp-

tures, rock gardensand paintings. The eternal sadness of the

land mirrors the dark appeal of its mistress.

Ecology

Creatures of fantasy dwell throughout Hy-Brasil: Dra;

ons, ogres, orcs, and of course, faeries, just to name a few.

Many of the western residents of Hy-Brasil are quite friendly,
but seem set in their ways. Nothing short of an edict from
Lord L

routine. In the eastlands, the residents are hostile and suspi-

nder will prevent them from carrying out their daily

cious, but appear more willing to deal with strangers. Alll of
them fear Princess Mariana too much to oppose her directly

Mythic Worlds

Do there exist many worlds, or is there but
a single world? This is one of the most noble and
exalted questions in the study of Nature

— Albertus Magnus

er traveled through
the Umbra knows of the Mythic Worlds,
Realms where legends still live and breathe,

Everyone who has e

homes to our mythic histories and heroic

archetypes. While each of the Mythic Worlds
is its own separate Realm, numerous gates, Airts, and
portals connect them all. In essence, each of the Mythic
Worlds shares the same basic nature: each one portrays a

Earth

legendary time or event from the viewpoint ofasingle
culture, and embodies its greatest ideals

In the early days of human culture, these Realms were
few, and those which existed were fairly predictable. The
confusion and revisionism of recent centuries, however,
has multiplied the Mythic Realms beyond counting. In this
"region" of the Middle World, hundreds of Mythic Realms,
many sharing the same name but vastly different events,
have come into being. Camelot is one such Realm — or

rather I should say, one such series of Realms. For each tale

of King Arthur births another landscape, each with its own
versions of Arthur, Lancelot, Gwenivere, Merlin, and so

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain 63

NY

ZN

ID. WW,

WZ" NS

NG Ail

on. A modern traveler might encounter a dozen Camelots
and never pass through the same Realm twice.

Because these Realms represent cultural truths (or
icons, at least), most of them have avid defenders and
vicious attackers. Once, a rabid band of Tolkienites chased
me froma rolling hillside with a wondrous forest at its foot;
another journey brought me to a hopelessly decrepit bar
where black-clad fans ofa vampiric roleplaying game sneered
at me across their Rolling Rocks and Gothic jewelry. I
mention these incidents to drive home a certain point
When you enter a Mythic Re
somebody

Im, you're trespassing on

s sacred ground.

Lots of people go to the Mythic Realms with an agenda
in mind. The really dangerous ones include Marauders,
Nephandi and Technocrats looking for a reason to their
cause. Although the latter usually can't find the Middle
Worlds because of their lack of vision, the Mythic Realms
intersect with so many other Otherworlds that anyone who
discovers a Moon Path might end up here eventually. Even
ghosts occasionally wander through, if only for a night or
two. These Realms straddle the line between dream and
spirit form, so keep an eye on your fellow travelers. you
never know what they might be seeking here

Finding the Mythic Realms is often a matter of luck

and fortune. As I said, dreamers often find their way here

by default as they share someone else's visions. People
searching for their heritage or ethnic identity find their
way to one of the hundreds of Realms, an experience
which can often become confusing to the deliberate
traveler. Which vision of the Old South is the right one?
The Ante-bellum romance version, where happy ser-
vants serve dashing young landowners iced mint julep?
Or the tyrannical slave-state drenched in blood and
sadism? Both worlds can be found, and both contain
elements of the truth.

In short, you may go into the mists expecting to find

the "real" Camelot, and end up strapped to a hot iron
grating by Good King Arthur himself. Or wander into a
Berlin beer hall expecting to find a rowdy group of Nazi
bastards and instead discover a group of idealistic young
men singing their national anthem. The Mythic Realms
are a crapshoot, and you never know what you're going

to see until you get there.

Description

Each one of the Mythic Worlds is a Realm unto
itself. When a traveler arrives in one, he may find himself
witnessing some historical moment in progress — Joan of
Arc being fed to the flames, Heraklese battling the
selyctragehmt sort of thing. The Mythic World changes his
varb and possessions into items appropriate to the leg-
eridarysetting. Only magickal objects, such as Talismans
pp Fetishe

L ‘Beyond the Barrie

remain unaffected

The Book of Worlds

ee

Travelers can show up at any point ina legend, but
usually find themselves at the beginning. The story
then unfolds around the characters, and they often take
part. Those who join in the festivities generally have
more fun. Once you join, though, you're in for the
duration. No one who joins a mythic quest can leave
before that quest is completed. Here the danger lies
although most items and creatures in the Mythic Worlds
are just spiritual representations of legends, within the
Realm they're as real as you are. Many tales suggest that
if any true dragons still survive from the Mythic Age,
n the Mythic Worlds. The same goes
for other Bygones

some are hiding

For those who travel astrally, death in the Mythic
Realms is not a lasting affair. This makes them really
popular "vacation stops" for those with the knowledge
Astral travelers who die simply

and skill to get there.

find themselves in the mists between worlds (a danger-
ous thing in itself), or back in their bodies with
headaches that last for days. Umbral walkers aren't so
If the visitor actually
survives the quest, she ends up outside the Realm,

lucky — death here is real

standing in the mists with the feeling of having just
accomplished some really great thing. Vast amounts of
time can pass inside the Realm without making any
difference outside; | remember joining a rumble in the
aforementioned ugly bar; by the time I'd dropped my
opponents, escaped police custody, found out who'd set
us up, joined another gang, trashed the bad guy and
taken control of the city, several days had passed.
Outside the Realm, my friends were wondering if I'd

gone off fora piss. When I tried to return to pick up the

rl I'd grown close to during the adventure, ten years

had passed inside and she was gone. Damn

Background

Those who study the Dream Realms assert that
each Mythic Realm was once a part of the Maya. Each
began with a concept, a dream, and as that dream grew
and was shared among many, the Realm grew into a
huge mass which eventually "lodged" in the Middle

Umbra, stopped floating, and grew heavy with mythol-

ogy. In time, we have a Mythic Realm, a dream made
solid by decades or centuries of significance. Even now,
portals still link the Maya with the Mythic Realms, and
many travelers enter these places without ever realizing
where they are. To them, the visit is all just a dream.

In the modern age, many Mythic Worlds have
started to break down. The Technocracy's efforts to

kill mythic imagination have resulted in strange Realms
filled with a patchwork of creatures from a variety of
mythic cycles. Some say that Mythic Worlds exist
today based entirely on fiction or even science-fiction

In addition, Marauders have fractured or destroyed

Mythic Worlds, either by returning their denizens to
Earth or setting up strongholds in them.

Places of Interest

- The Arena of the Immortals

This mixed Realm is a huge contest field, extend-
ing as far as the eye can see. Heroes of different ages and
cultures compete in a variety of contests. Jousting,
tling, running, al-
most every ancient form of athletic competition can be

archery, oriental martial arts, wr

found. Unlike the stand-alone quests held within the
Realms themselves, the games seem to be a place where
everyone realizes that they're playing in an uber-game
where many worlds collide. Travelers may join the
contests, of course, and winners receive accolades and
promises of friendship.

In the "clubhouse" — a rundown but spirited hang-
out shadowed in perpetual twilight — there's a hell of a
band that plays every night. I'm sure it's not really Janis
singing backup for Jim while Moon, Sid, Jimi and
Honeyman Scott keep time, but they sure sound good.

-Kun Lun: The Realm of the
Mystic Mountain

I'm told that a whole Craft of Chinese wizards actually
make its home in a mountainous region surmounted with a
magnificent Chinese palace. In this Realm of classical myth,
the Dragon Emperor guides a near-infallible court against the
chaotic whims of the Monkey King and raging Mongol hordes.
These wizards, if my information is correct, have portals
running straight from here to their Earthly homelands, and
possibly to the Underworld as well. I have no idea whether or
not these guys have any connections with the Akashic Broth-
erhood, but they don't seem the type for me to ask.

Ecology

For the most part, these Realms play host to spirits who
incarnate mythological worlds right down to the last peas-

ant and squire. Thus, each has its own ecosystem, one

which may not actually function by Earthly standards but
works well for the inhabitants. Most Realms also play host
to Bygones and Marauders as well as dream-travelers who
have taken their fascination with an icon to such extents
that, for a while at least, they live in it.

The Radiance

There is no metaphysical, super-ordinary, final,
absolute reality.
—James Burke, The Day the L Jniverse Changed

Rumors have alw

abounded about a

Realm of raw magick, a place of primal power.
Many wizards have spent their lives searching
for such a world, pursuing random Airts and
making attempts to map the Middle Umbra.

The ultimate goal of these lifelong quests for

the "Realm of Power" is the Radiance.

The Radiance defies easy description or easy naming.
Some call it the Flux Realm; others refer to it as the Wyld
Realm or the Primal Chi
Radiance is the Pool of Resonance, a name I learned from

os. My favorite term for the

a Dreamspeaker friend. This may be the place where "free
Quintessence" goes when it has no Pattern to fill. Cosmolo-
gists claim that the Radiance Realm leads to another, larger
manifestation of Dynamic energies out past the Horizon. If
it does, I'm not sure how to get there or return. The energies
of the Radiance are powerful enough to disorient or even
dismember most Umbral travelers.

I've found that scanning for Prime and Spirit ener-
gies combined helps you feel your way to the Radiance
When your senses go totally haywire, you're almost
there. An entryway to the Realm itself can take any
shape or any form, so it's easiest not to look for an
entrance, just trust in finding one. Travelers with a

structured mindset, who believe the world functions in
one particular way, must break their thoughts free before
they can reach the Radiance. Few Technocrats, if any,
ever locate this Realm.

Description

Initially, the Flux assaults travelers with an over-
whelming sensory display. Silk caresses, tearing spikes,
raindrops and flaming embers pour over your skin. Night-

mares and daydreams come to life, and swirls of color and

mad morphing shapes caper before your eyes. A cacophony
of voices, sound effects and harmonious songs rise, fall, mix
and clash in your ears. One moment, a traveler smells roses,
the next moment, burning rubber makes him choke. His
tongue can't tell whether it tastes mint or vinegar. The
sensations are different for every individual. They change
randomly, usually after an instant, but sometimes linger for

hours. During the initial overload, even the mightiest

d, overwhelmed by sensation. My

el the

wizards stand paralyz
fellow Cultists seek out the Radiance just to fe
impressions at its rim.

After moments or hours — who can tell? — the
sensory assault ends. The landscape of the Realm pulls
back, leaving a sphere of stability around the traveler.
This stable area resonates with a mage's essence. For
example, a wild and lonely wood may surround Verbena,
while the interior of a grand cathedral might surround a

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain 65


Y

member of the Celestial Chorus. However it appears, this
area becomes a place where the traveler feels at eas

The Thought Anchor, as some call this surrounding
sphere, moves with the explorer as she crosses the Realm
Thought Anchors of mages with strong Avatars encom-
pa
Environments may overlap, creating a mix, blending
elements of both Anchors or shifting the environment to

than those of weaker travelers.

Ss more area

7/ wD

a place where both individuals feel at ease. For two
mortal enemies, a mutual sphere might be a battlefield,
ora pub where they both like to drink. Awakened lovers
create romantic fantasies. Groups with vastly different
philosophies, like Sons of Ether and Dreamspeakers,
tend to get separated as their "pockets" pull away from
each other unless some strong emotional tie overcomes
their philosophical differences

The Anchor reflects the mood of the person gen-
erating it. A mage who uses magick here resonates his
emotions more strongly throughout the Anchor than
one who does not, and his temperament can even
affect the surrounding Realm. Anger or rage will cause
objects to break or even catch fire. Fear will create
shadows or summon nightmares into the Anchors.
The effects vary from person to person, but often
influence every Thought Anchor in the area. Thus,
the safest w

y to travel through the Radiance is with
a calm and peaceful mind.
The land

the travelers shifts and changes, molded by flows of

cape beyond the stable surroundings of

raw Quintessence. Space, laws of physics, the normal
constants of daily life have no meaning to the Radi-
the Realm may see
ribbons of color and strange floating islands, reminis-

ance. Those who look around

cent of some Steve Ditko Dr. Strange landscape. They
may also appear to be walking through a New England
countryside. Mages strong in Correspondence often
get a complete head rush when they use magicks to
comprehend the spatial relations of the Radiance
From what I've heard, it doesn't work, but it feels
really cool to try. A structured comprehension of the
Radiance seems impossible, but some travelers can,
over time, develop an intuitive understanding of the

raphy" of the

"geo Radiance

There are some solid places in the Flux Realm —
towers or monoliths that float through the Realm.
one will say what dwells in these structures. Nexus
points where streams of magickal energy rush into each
other provide spectacular displays and opportunities
for mages with Prime to harvest Quintessence from
their overflow. Portals to other places in the Umbra
stand in the Radiance, seemingly unaffected by the
chaos around them.

66 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

After spending some time wandering through the
Radiance, many mages experience visions of theit Ava-

tars. The Anchor shifts slowly over as the wizard mov

becoming less secure and reflecting her deeper inner-
most thoughts. Those who shift off into their own
worlds fade from their companions' sight, often to
reappear later with strange stories to tell. This vision, |
not the seas of Quintessence, is the true wonder of the
Radiance — it provides an opportunity for a mage to
travel through his own mind

Background

Some believe the Radiance is the last frontier of
the Umbra, a Realm of the unshaped and unmade
ephemera, untainted by the thoughts and dreams of
Sleepers. Others say that isa remnant of the Chaos from
I think it's a kind of

"recycling pool" for Quintessence, myself.

which all things were formed

\
;
{

The most common tale I've heard is that the Radi-
ance is where lost dreams, forgotten wishes and failed
passions are recycled. The Realm's energy comes from all
living things, and from their experiences of the world
around them. In many ways, it is a pool of Resonance,

shaped by whatever passions and events stir its waters.

Places of Interest

Caves of Memory

Mages who enter this series of caves beneath the
"ground" discover their Anchors expanding to fill the
underground chambers. Memories from their past then

play themselves out within the Anchor, often provid-

ing a traveler with a new perspective into events she
previously misunderstood

The Pu

Nine streams of mz

ether in a single

k pour tog
nexus, creating the Pulse. As the streams interact, the
Pulse vibrates, giving the site its name. My friend Sara
World." Any mage who
comes within hearing distance of the Pulse feels a

calls it "the Heartbeat of the

surge of Quintessence burning the Paradox out of her
— I felt like I was being boiled
alive when it happened to me — but when it's done,

body. It hurts like hell

all Paradox energies you might have built up within
your system are purged

Ecology

No spirits seem to live in the Radiance, except for
If any

entities are native to the Flux Realm, they don't make

those formed from the Resonance of travele:

their presence known to strangers


Tis useless, useless, said the Philosopher. Life is
useless, all useless
— Ecclesiastes 1:2, Good News Bible
There are wounds that time does not
heal; we just learn to live with the scars
Many of us have well-scarred souls, and we

seem to take pleasure in showing off our

pain at parties and gatherings to attract
attention. Others of us hide away from it

and deny its existence.

ither way, the pain stays with us.

The Wasteland isa place of healing, a Realm where
victims and victimizers can confront their actions and
their guilt. In this region, pain is real, fresh and new. It
cannot hide from you, and you cannot escape its touch
In the Wasteland, the soul that can't let go and forgive
itself can pay the ultimate price, yet still come out on
the other side

There is no path to the Wasteland. Those who hide
agonies in their hearts will stumble into the Realm
eventually. The Wasteland opens itself to the scarred
and long-suffering. Death is the only way out of its
embrace.

Description
Most travelers who fall into the Wasteland don't
see much of the scenery. What little they do see, isn't

worth looking at. The Realm consists of muddy hills

with dirty vegetation, old trees, vines, lots of under-

growth, and an eternal cold drizzle. Half-buried bones

jut from the mud, marking the tops of mass graves
Overhead, a queasy dark cloud of smoke taints every-
thing with the stench of burned flesh. Some travelers
have walked through a parched desert, but they say the
smell is even worse in that part of the Realm.

Any group which enters is separated; each must
deal with her pain alone. An explorer may shout,
scream or even call out magickally to others, but every
person in the Realm perceives herself as totally alone
Until the visions come

In time, the traveler who wanders through the
Wasteland sees mirages forming around her. As she
watches in sick fascination, phantoms replay atrocities
from around the world, both large and small — geno-
cides, mass rapes, child killings, mass destruction, even
the end of the world. No matter what she does, these
phantoms ignore her, although some other Awakened
creatures, such as the Garou, claim they can interact
with the participants

The traveler is in trouble when haze or steam forms

around her, and solidifies into a scene wrenched from

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain 67


her own soul, into something in her own life she hasn't
yet come to terms with. She may be the victim, still
wondering where to place the blame for her early sexual
abuse; she may be the victimiz

r, still agonizing over
the death of an innocent or an enemy. Whatever its

cause may be, the incident comes alive again in the

Wasteland.

What happens, and how it happens, depends upon

the traveler. Only two things are certain: she won't be

able to control her magick, and by the end of the
scene, she will die

he may be killed in retribution for
her action, or she may sacrifice herself to protect
another. Once she dies, she leaves the Wasteland, and
reappears in the Umbral mist. The pain of her death
and experiences may linger with her for a while, but

the deeper pain, the agony of that unhealed wound,
will still itself in time.

Background

Most mages believe that their Avatars lead them
to the Wasteland when there's some conflict which
must be resolved

After a few failed Seekings or

68

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

internal arguments, the inner self basically grabs the
Umbral explorer by her proverbial lapels and drags
her into this unhealed scar, where she can't leave

until she confronts the problem. Once some

ccord is
reached

and it's often a painful one, so be
the conflict often works itself out and
the healing begins. From there, the Path to Ascen
sion becomes a bit easier

warned

The Garou I've spoken to claim the Wasteland, or
Atrocity Realm, is a creation of the obscenities hu-
manity inflicts upon itself. If that's true, there's even
more we can learn there, lessons that go beyond our
own limited sphere of experience and reach out on a
more global level

When I last entered the Wasteland

and I hope
never to return, trust me

I saw visions of the early
Ascension War, of a long battle between Hermetic

wizards and a group of Christian mag

s bent on burn-
ing them for witchcraft. It's easy to see how you could
say these early Choristers were in the wrong, but

watching the shadow-play, I was struck by how arro-

gant and careless the wizards themselves were. They

sacrificed grogs and peasants to fuel their magicks, and
tossed around spells that upset the ecological balance,
causing earthquakes and thunderstorms as if those
events affected no one except their enemies. I under-
stood then something I hadn't grasped before: We all
set things in motion that no one can control. Those

things usually come back to haunt us later, and if we're
not careful what we do, or how, those events may bring
disasters we never want to face. Sure, it's no fun to
second-guess yourself, especially where magick is con-
cerned, but the price we pay creates a wasteland — not
in the Umbra, but on Earth.

Chapter Two: The Velvet Curtain

DWE



Chapter Three

higmas

Don't do it, Eleanor told the little girl; insist on your cup of
stars; once they have trapped you into being like everyone else you
will never see your cup of stars again; don't do it; and the little girl
glanced at her, and smiled a little subtle, dimpling, wholly compre.
hending smile, and shook her head stubbornly at the glass

Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House

0 ae Ah, ha! My turn again. In this chapter, you * Shadowlands

get to read all about the most mysterious As long as we're being spooky and talking about
Otherworlds, the places only the boldest and cloaks of courage, why don't we stop by the Shadowlands
bravest set out to understand. If you're willing, _ first. Never having been there myself, can't tell you too
if you dare, gather thy courage about thee likea__ much. Those who study them say that the Shadowlands
cloak and hold it tight. Forsooth! The deepest are similar to the Penumbra. The Shadowlands suppos-
riddles of the Otherworlds await naught butthy edly reflect physical reality as seen through the mask of
spark of knowledge, thy pursuit of understand- death and decay

il Not being one much for death and
wi

ing to unfurl themselves before thee... but they

decay, I don't find this a very appealing place. Nonethe-
await also thy fear and hubris, so to consume thy very essence. Jess, we are trying to produce a comprehensive travel

Just melodramatic enough, don't you think? guide here, so we've called in one of our panel of experts

Briefly put, this chapter concentrates on Realms which _ to introduce you to the place

don't fit into simple categories, or abide by simple laws. All ¢ Paradox Realms

of them can be perilous to travel. Each "type" abides by its I sort of feel like we're touring the dungeons of the

own rules, which are not the laws of the Umbra asa whole. Umbra That's pretty much what Paradox Realmsare. If you

Leave your preconceptions at the door. violate the laws of static reality too often, the reality police

Chapter Three: Enigmas 71

a


"4

I ZZ ON

NG 4

send you here, locked away until you repent and perform
enough community service to earn yourself parole. From
what I understand, Paradox Realms are rather frightening
things. I've been fortunate never to get Paradox spirits so
upset with me that they've felt the need to put me out here.
If you are a bad little mage and unravel reality enough that
it wants to send you to your room, just remember you're
there as a punishment. You are being punished for using
magick, so don't try to use magick to get out. I hear it's one
of the worst things you can possibly do.

* Maya: The Dream Realms

Do you dream in color or black and white

matter, all dreams exist here. Stop thatsnickering, you. Yes,
even the Sleepers' dreams are here. Many Sleepers contact
the spirit world only through their dreams. And yes, if you

re

have the skill and the desire, you can even go mucking
about in other people's dreams. But that wouldn't be a very
nice thing to do, now would it?

¢ The Hollow Earth

Dinosaurs and sabretooths and mammoths, oh my!
Welcome to the fabled Hollow Earth. Incredibly, even
many mages don't believe this place exists. A land of
savage tribes and enlightened monks, extinct creatures
and some just plain really odd things await your discov-
ery. If you look carefully and luck is with you, you might
just find one of the cryptic pylons that some of my
fellow Etherites claim are traces of an ancient, ad-
vanced civilization. Just be careful while you're looking.
Ending up as a meal for a hungry sabretooth isn't going
to help you find one

The Low Ombral Onderworld

Death hath a thousand doors to let

out life;
I shall find one.
— Philip Massinger

You have not walked the paths that |
have. Few can claim to have seen the
marvels and terrors I've known, for I have
traveled to the very heart of the lands of
the dead, and returned, a living man, to

tell my tales. It would be best if you listene
You

may call me Aliksandros, after one of my countrymen, long

An introduction? Of course, I forget my manne

dead. It is not my real name, of course — real names have

power, and I see no need to give you that power over me. As

for my profession, | am a humble student of the paths of

magick followed by the Euthanatos Tradition. I am also a
tale-teller, an explorer, and when the occasion permits, a
litele added momentum on the great Wheel of Being.

Tea? Ah, a cultured soul. A cup awaits you on the tray
to your left; sugar, milk and lemon are provided should you
wish. Drink deep; listening is thirsty work.

The Names of the Onderworld

Ghosts are real. That is the first lesson you must learn.
Ghosts are quite real and dwell in a Realm a half-step away
from ours. Others call the Lands of the Dead the Dark Umbra,
or the Deadlands, or other, similar names, but to most who

have lived and died under the consensual reality of the West,
the afterlife that ghosts share is simply called the Underworld.

Of course, there are those who have died in other
places, with other belie
Thus

doms,

and other expected destinations.
alled "Dark King-
though this is a name applied by outsiders. The

s the afterlife divvied into so-

western Deadlands, also known as the Empire of Stygia

72 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

(after its capital city) is also known as the Dark Kingdom of
Iron. The Deadlands of China are called The Dark King-
dom of Jade by outsiders, and the Yellow Springs by those

who dwell within. And so it goes throughout the world, as

ghostly mapmakers and semanticists argue over what should
be called what. Unlike most things in the Underworld, in
this cas

> the perception matters little.

The second lesson is that the Underworld is like
nothing you, I, the Technocrats or any religion in the
history of thought could possibly have imagined. Your
Christian Heaven? A version of it has been built in the
Underworld, perhaps several versions, but as for an abso-
xist. There are but two

lute, perfect Heaven? It doesn't

absolutes in the Underworld: Transcendence, by which
certain souls... move on, and Oblivion, which my Tradi-
tion calls the Great Unmaking.

Instead of absolutes, then, there are layers. The lands

of the living, the "Skinlands," are something but a few

wraiths can touch. A Shroud of fear, disbelief and hatred
then stands as a wall between the Skinlands and their
: The Shadowlands. Be-
yond that, screaming under the skin of the world is the

overlaying, ghostly counterps

¢ My Dinner with Aliksandros

Despite some colleagues' misgivings, I went out
to confer with Aliksandros ina cafe in Nepal. As he
spoke, my recorder caught vague impressions, half-
heard voices that seemed to wayer in and out of the
transcript differently each time T listened to it. As
for Aliksandros' hospitality, I'm glad to declare that
I survived intact.

I'm sure he was only joking. You know, just to
make a point. Really.


infinite expanse of the Tempest, an eternal storm. There
are islands of stability and safety in this storm — the great
city of Stygia is one, the islands of the Far Shores are others
There are also safe paths through the howling madness,
called Byways, and a place at the storm's heart which is the
least safe of all

Layers around layers around layers, that is how the
Underworld is built. The trick of it is, of course, that the
further in you go, the more the next layer encompasses. So
inside the Tempest, which is beneath all of existence, is a
Labyrinth that holds at its heart a Void. Correction: The
Void. Oblivion. The Great Unmaking

I have seen it. I have also seen its servants, though. I
have sojourned with one, and know how the nearer one
comes to an ideal, the more one can be twisted by it. I still
serve the Great Unmaking, but with greater care, if that is

possible. I very much believe it is

Places of Interest

How does one describe the ports of call ina World vast
enough to swallow our own mortal vision of Earth? I should
instead concentrate on the largest aspects of that World
and let the curious elaborate on that brief but ominous
glimpse. After all, the descent into the Underworld isa tool
of teaching, is it not? Some lessons can only be gained
firsthand.

The Skinlands

These are the lands of the living. Ghosts, or "wraiths"
as they prefer to be called, travel there but rarely, and
usually with the aid of something dear to them in life
Fetters, these things are called, and they anchor a wraith
against the pull of the Great Unmaking.

The ways in which wraiths affect the living are greater
than one might suppose. They can manipulate objects and
computers, steal dreams and even souls, and sometimes
even materialize. This, however, is of little import. You are
not here to learn about how wraiths can travel to our lands,
but rather how we can reach theirs

The Shroud

The stronger disbelief is in a place, the more the
workaday world exerts itself, the stronger the Shroud grows
It is a simple cause and effect relationship. Of course, the
opposite holds true; derelict "haunted" mansions at mid-
night, with thunder rolling about and lightning snaking
across a witch-scoured sky above have a Shroud worn thin
as cheesecloth. What does this matter? Simply put, the
thicker the Shroud is in a place, the more difficult it is for
wraiths to affect the Skinlands. The thinner the "barrier
between the worlds," as our Verbena brethren would put it,
the easier it is for the ghostly to affect the mundane. Watch
where you walk, then, lest you rouse the ire of the dead

Chapter Three: Enigmas 73

Se


y

S

The Shadowlands and Dwellers
Therein

The thing
"Shadowlan

you must understand about the

" is that they are the memories of what is and
what once was. They are all about passion, and all about the
power of that passion. Anything that anyone ever cared
about is mirrored in the Shadowlands, though riddled there
with rot and shackled in decay. The hatred of 10,000
schoolchildren will ensure that their five-day-a-week prison

ZN

will rise in the Shadowlands, long after the school building
they attended has crumbled to red brick dust. Of course,
passions fade, and that's why everything looks as if it were
falling to shreds. Memories vanish and passions fade, and
those things sustained by memory and passion fade with
them. But those places, those things that are much loved —
they live on in the lands
of the dead, long after their forms here have disappeared

or hated, or envied, or anythir

into the misty past

Thus we explain the nature of the Shadowlands, the
nature of its rot. It is all detritus, flotsam and jetsam that
should sink to the Great Unmaking, but refuse to go. What
can you say about faded beauty and doddering old age; ideas
that don't know that they're dead? It is among these faded
relics that the Restless Dead make their home, shuffling
through the ruins

They are the flames that burn brightest here, for they
are Passion instead of being crafted by it. Each, it would
seem, is a creature of the emotions that live on after death
Rather than being recreated by the passions of the living,
they exist as constructs of passion. They are identities that
hide deathless motivations, primal drives given faces

One of my teachers once referred to wraiths as, and |
quote, "the bubblegum on the Great Wheel, stuck to things
they should have left long behind, and getting strung out
trying to cling to them." One might think they would be
happy fora chance to move on, to take the next step and be
free. Like shipwreck victims clinging to the side of the

lifeboat, though, they refuse to let go. Of course, having
seen the Great Unmaking with my own eyes, | cannot

blame them much.

Cosmology

The Underworld, or De: A
the living are called the Skinlands, and are only rarely e

a crime in the Western Deadlands, and is punishab!
Separating the Skinlands from the rest of Sins

Gauntlet); The more mundane reality isin particula

Skinlands there. Thus, accountir

to affect the e
thin Shrouds.

peaks tend to have

Beyond the Shroud are the so-
Skinlands in terms of physical locatio
these Skinlands objects for the price
beloved objects or buildings also appea

adlands, is composed of a series of |
ntered by wraiths.

able by discorporation or worse.
nderworld is a veil of fear and
r spot, the thicker its

ng firms tend to have

so-called Shadowlands, the true
5n, and earthly buildings and ol
of one level of their ghostly he:
ar here, and these are absolute

Nl" aii) Me

Of course, death has changed these poor souls. Just as
the buildings there are the products of memory and impres-
sion, so are formed the "bodies" of dwellers in that dimnes

Ponder that for a minute. Consider what that means.

Every wraith's visage and form, at least at first, are created
by theiridea of how they ought to appear. Most, thankfully, are
lacking in imagination. They recreate themselvesas they were
in life, complete with their favorite apparel and knickknacks,
and spend eternity with the same face they wore when they
died. Men who died at their century mark dodder around the
Shadowlands, appearing exactly as they did just before passing
on. Why, when they could imagine themselves young and
strong again? It shows a distinct lack of imagination, and for
that] am thankful. A tiny minority actually have the hubris to
recreate themselves better than they were, and strut around
with the visages of angels.

But pity those wraiths with any imagination at all, for
they resemble nothing of this — or often any other —
Earth. Imagine what the creeping devil of self-hatred might
do, when granted the power to shape your flesh

Irecall memories of tea in the Shadowlands of Providence
with a woman who wore the ghosts of elbow-length gloves. In
life she was the wife of a merchant captain who had dabbled in
hedge magick. She dared to peek into a few of his grimoires
upon occasion. On one of these occasions, she became con-
vinced that something had stripped the flesh from her hands.
She was wrong, of course, but she died, as all do, and journeyed
to the Shadowlands. There, within her Caul, her birth-sac of
the dead, her spirit clothed itself in garb it felt appropriate.

I will hear the faint clicking of ghostly fingerbones on
china for a very long time. I can still see those gloves
flapping loosely ‘gainst the bones of her delicate arms. Nor
was this highborn New England lady the most horrifying
specimen of self-sculpting I encountered.

The torment for me, was, of course, that each and every one
of them had done ittothemselves. Thisself-inflicted mutilation,
this eternal psychic flagellation spoke clearly to me as to the
essential rightness of our calling. Had these wretches received
the Good Death, they'd not spend centuriestwistingthemselves
into mockeries and priding themselves on their handiwork.

evel, similar in form to fictional Narnia. The lands of
ve he. To affect the Skinlands directly is actually

disbelief called the Shroud (a.k.a- the

Shroud, and the more difficult itis fora wraith

a thick Shroud, while deserted mansions on crooked

dead. These correspond pre cisely to the
dimly. Wraiths can walk through
er hand, memories of
ems created in the

lands of the
bjects manifest there
alth (called Corpus). On the oth
ly solid to a wraith, as are it


Underworld. A wraith incarcerate
if thar prison had burned down and manifested as
impenetrable to the most determined wraith

Forever boiling under the surface of the Shadow!
everything imaginable is possible in the Tempest, fran
a sort of hypers af
Occasionally, the

storm bursts forth into the Shadow!

d in a cell in a Skinlands prison can sim,

ply walk through the bars and escape. However,

ghost of a building in the Shadowlands, then the walls would prov
e

lands is an eternal storm

a called the T. i
fecal r n st, from fishing for lost memories to stort pie ae
neath the "reality" of the Shadowlands "il

of shattered glass, Existin,
5 5 ig as
the Tempest links all points in the Underworld.

Se aera & ee ie he ls; this horrific event is called a Maelstrom. Lesser ripsin the fabric

Tempest are called Byways.
Travel through the Tempes
travelers often find themselves lost in the storm and
Atthe heart of the Tempestisa titanic L:
the stuff ofnothingness by the gre
tiled Nephandi has been
aaa isthe Void, theso-called"" maw" of Oblivion. N
Euthanatos cosmology holds that the

oppressive barrier,

In the Tempest, entropy works as

more quickly than the pure of spirit.
There areislands of calm and safety within the
Seger with the empire of the dead that rules
: prings, Swar, and soon. Those who haveconnecti
rom them to reach Stygia, Some
a problem). Others, bound by so-called Fetters, find the
Beyond Stygia, in the depths of the storm,
have journeyed so far, even among the de:
to the Astral Afterworlds,

, but this is conjecture at best.

Stygia
Thecapitalcity oftheEmpireofthe Deadis, atthesametime,
against

magnificentand repulsive. Classical architecture strugg|
Gothic monstrositiesand modern needles of glassand steel. There
are levels upon levels upon levels, with Roman fora pierced by
obelisks and shaded by suspended walkways. Far below, huddled
masses move among the crushed remnants of what might have
been templesto forgotten gods, and through itall echoes the low
moaning of the chains. During my stay as a guest of one of the
most potent wraiths, a blackened and twisted mockery called
Ember, I saw the towers piercing the eternal night sky of this
place, gaily lit with watchfires against the dark. I knew what
away. Out past the

burned there, though, and turned my
farthest building, I could see dark waves rolling against the
seawall of the city, anda titanic gate guarded by distant soldiers.

So, would you like to see the Library of Alexandria,
complete with original contents? Charon, the first and last
Emperor of the Dead, had it brought to Stygia when it
burned. Adventurous tourists also have their choice of the
first and second temples of Jerusalem, though the ghostly
Heretics known as Fishers claimed and abused the latter.
All the great ones are here, as Stygia is where imperial cities
go todie. They all fall, given time. They all find themselves
replaced, and their pieces straggle to the Underworld. But
in the meantime, the dead have treasures enough:

aster for those wraiths; Possessing the Arcanoscalled At
attacked by Spectres or other beings,
t abyrinth, inhabited by Spectres,
‘at Spectres called Malfeans. The nomenclat
pondered extensively by many mages,
v lothing thathasentered the Void
Void is merely the final gateway on the road

Tempest. The one most familiar to Wester
from this seat. Other cultures
i ions to the lands of the living fi
wraiths have no such bonds and can
journey more difficult. Living humains often find the
are the Far Shores, is
ad; almost none of the livin

and Tempest, are called Nihils, and safe routes (rare) through the

g0s, but wraiths without Argosand other

Legend has it that the Labyrinth was gnawed from
4 ature in common between these beings and the like-
uut no satisfactory link has been made. The core of the great
has ever returned, at least notrecognizably.
to reincarnation, but if soit isa hellishly

gravity. Darker souls objects possessi re entropy to them drift down towards the Voi
gravity. Darker soulsand object: ing mor tothem the Vi
oid

Tm wraiths is the isle of Stygia, n

oe pat Realms in the storm; the Yel fe
itdifficult, ifnot impossible, to travel fare:

travel to Stygia freely (though the Sydowtandacan =
: trip impossible.

cee modeled ona thousand heavens and hells Few

ig have reached them, Gateways are said to link thetn

The Tempest

The Tempest is impossible to describe, as its geometry
doesnot quite match up with that of the real world. Ihave been
told that it is a great storm, a Maelstrom, that has hovered
beneath all reality since the year 1580; I am not sure if | can
permit myself to believe that. What | do believe, though, is
that the Tempest contains anything and all things. Memories
are there, and fragments of wraiths long gone. There is no "up"
or "down" there, save the steady, entropic pull of the Void. It
is a sort of hyperspace, a place between, and other than hard
reality. I traveled in it briefly with a guide, and can remember
little of my journey. What I can recall is inscribed below:

Cloudscape flew past us, and as its various humors
changed, we were pelted with a soot-black rain, a blizzard of
snowflakes made from bone, twisting rainbow filaments that
burned to the touch, and other unspeakable things. Occasion-
ally, the shapes below us turned to what appeared to be water,
or occasionally miasmal swamp, but always we sped on and I
didn't ask our destination.

I recall that I did not ask our destination because |
feared | knew what it was. I was, unfortunately, correct in
my hypothesis. My guide steered me straight to Oblivion.

A word must be said about my guide ere I go on. He was not
a wraith, not as such. Nor was he one of the "Whishtimmu," the
mythical, monstrous beasts of all shapes and sizes that haunt the

Chapter Three: Enigmas 15


Tempestin verysmall numbers. No, my guide wasone ofthe wraiths
who, inservice to Oblivion, are twisted by it. He was, fair though his
face might have been, a Spectre. Spectres are wraiths whose
Shadows take over permanently. They are vicious, sadistic, deadly
and, at least in this instance, a great deal more clever than

Shadows? Each wraith hasa Shadow, yes, an animate voice for

evil inside her own mind. The Shadow is of each wraith — it is her
darkestimpulsesgivenamind,avoiceand, every soften, the ability
to seize control of the shell it shares with the rest of the wraith's

personality. The more tainted the personality, of course, the

stronger the Shadow isand the easier it becomes for the Shadow to

seize control. Spectres, as I have said, are wraiths whose Shadows
have become dominant, have become their "selves." They do not
make, in case you were wondering, optimal traveling companions.

A word of waming about Shadows and Spectres: They are
part and parcel of Oblivion, part and parcel of Entropy. By using

that Sphere in their pre:

nce, you feed them. You give them
strength. This isa fearsome thing at the best of times and, in the
lands of the dead, the best of times is usually no time at all.

The Labyrinth and the Great
Onmaking

The Labyrinth itself, the great maze of tunnels gnawed
from the stuff of nothingness by the greatest of Spectres at
the dawn of time, is indescribable in the same way the storm
that surrounds it is. All things are contained within its foul
walls — hospital corridors stinking of death, ossuaries

76 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

ee

where the bones dance at Spectral whim, coal mine shafts
claustrophobic enough to make the strongest soul whimper
fora hint of blessed light —all of these are within the eternal
maze. | am told that the Spectres use these settings in little
shadowplays and psychodramas called Harrowings, during
which they are permitted by some grand metaphysical dic

tum to torment wraiths with the victims' worst nightmares.
I was forced to take part in one of these Harrowings — that
is how I met Ember — and can honestly say that I have seen
and done nothing more abhorrent in all of my days.

I was given the chance by my Spectral guide to look upon
the Great Unmaking in person. | did so, and have regretted it
ever since. The mouth of the Void was before me, and I could
feel its hunger. Souls spiraled down past me, some screaming,
some passive. Alll fell into that impenetrable blackness, and
nothing emerged. It had a hypnotic pull, an insatiable appe-
tite, and I found myself stepping off into the Void.

It was only my guide's hand that saved me, and then
only because he wanted me for other things.

A Foul Practice

Even among the dead, the wish to create is strong
Furthermore, with the depredations of Spectres and the

howling Tempest-born winds of Maelstroms, wraiths nee
must craft the necessities of afterlife existence or else tumble
tothe Void. This, to them, isa fate literally worse than death.

They do not see that beyond the mouth of Oblivion is


rebirth; they would rather cling to memories of what was than
take a chance on what could be in another life.

Upon reflection, though, I do not much blame them.

Still, in order to maintain their ghostly state the
citizens of Stygia do something that is unpardonable, mon-
strous and foul. Not content to halt their own progress upon
the Great Wheel, they have the hubris, the sheer gall, to
arrest the movement of others as well.

Do you not yet understand? Some wraiths refuse to
move on actively. They see the choice, yes, and refuse it
Others, though, do not have that choice. Nor, for that
matter, do they still have mind, spirit or any manifestation
t the hands of their

of the soul beyond the physical one
fellow wraiths, they have become things. Objects. Swords
and torches, ashtrays and objets d'art — these are all made
from souls! And not the souls of animals, no — the souls

of women and men! All caught and hammered — or

somehow shaped — by whatever means the foulest of
wraiths use to drain others of their will and trap them for
all eternity as tools

Horrible, is it not? One almost wishes that the Great
Unmaking would rise like the spring tide and claim all those

who have been falsely kept from it. Almost.

Transcendence

Here is the sole source of hope in the lands of the dead.
The Far Shores, touted as heavens and hells beyond count
ing, are neither so far as I know. They mimic form but not
function, providing a heaven's landscape or a hell's tor-
ments without the spiritual authority of either.

Transcendence remains, though. It is Oblivion's oppo-
site, a lifting off of the Great Wheel to... what? I do not
know. I have not witnessed it, | have not seen it — I have

merely heard it rumored and gossiped after.

Do I believe in it? Most certainly. Even Incarna come from
somewhere; why not from the ranks of the dead? Then again,
perhaps I merely wish forsomething to counter the horror of the
Great Unmaking. The belief itself, though, is enough, | think.

Travel to the
Onderworld

So, how does one reach the Deadlands? In a manner of
speaking, you and I are already in the Underworld. The
Skinlands isa home to the dead as well, albeit one in which
they are not entirely comfortable. That, however, is likely
not an answer to your satisfaction. You wish to know how
to reach the Shadowlands, the Tempest and beyond, the
places where the dead dwell and where you would truly be
an outsider. Well, there is a brace of methods for traveling
to the Shadowlands. One is difficult, the other is easy.

Thedifficultoneis, perhaps, the more rewarding. Through
the magickal practice of agama, the ritual visit all my kind
make to the Shadowlands to learn the impermanence of our
reality, one can separate spirit from body and become, albeit
temporarily, a wraith. During the agama sojourn, one's own
body servesasa Fetter—something much loved that holds the
traveler to the lands of the living even as his soul searches the
domains of the dead. With luck, one can employ this method,
rt of the

journey to the he: Underworld and return with a

wealth of experience and, dare I say it, knowledge.
The other method? It is much simpler. Think back to
the tea that | offered you when you first arrived, and which

you were gracious enough to accept. That tea had a hint of
almond to its taste, did it not? A slight bitterness? Think on

that and close your eyes. After all, | did mention that the

second method of reaching the lands of the dead was much,
much easier than the first

Maya

In the drowsy dark cave of the mind
Dreams build their nest with fragments
Dropped from day's caravan
— Rabindranath Tagore

Speak to me of raindrops and I'll sell
you a migraine. Breathe in my ear and I'll
vomit forth rainbows in which all the wis-
dom of Greece can be heard. Confused? Get

used to it. If you venture forth into the
Dreaming, you must accustom yourself to contradictions.

You have already visited the Dreaming many times;
perhaps the adventures you had there seemed beyond your
control, or pethaps you have already learned the ways of
what mortals call "lucid dreaming," the art of moving

yourself through the Maya with conscious deliberation

rather than instinct. Maybe you have even accomplished
the astral visitation known as hayimn, where your mind
seeps across the barriers of other sleeping minds and steps
into a communal Realm. Or possibly the fae have invited
you on one of their mad dances, intoxicating you just
enough to share the wellspring of their nature. And, of
course, you have read books. Many books. And in each
book lie the seedlings of a dream.

You doubt me? Just look at the hordes who greet an

author at his signings, at the millions who hang upon each
installment of a fictional hero's escapades, no matter how
contrived they may be. Visit a fantasy convention, and see
the dozens, the hundreds, who mold their lives after the
creations of Tolkien, Lovecraft, Stoker or McCaffrey. Look

at your own actions; in buying this book, you have con-
sented to share our dreams.

Chapter Three: Enigmas

ID.WH 2:

>
:
N

NO All

* Jani

Towe this person a big favor. Although he (or she;

Freyal, Chronicler of the Impossible

I'm never sure) was hesitant to describe the Dream
Worlds, I convinced Janis to give mea few thousand
words on the subject. Janis warned me that whatever
s/he contributed would be virtually negated, yet rein-
forced. in all the wrong ways when I published it. I
thought' put it in anyway. If Janisseems impatient,
blame me.

Surprising as it may seem, Janis is not a
Dreamspeaker (although her/his associate Monaco
Sabine supposedly is); many.of my, acquaintances —
including my dear friend Laughing Eagle, who kindly
but-firmly declined to contribute — felt that the
Dreaming was far too sacred an enigma to set on paper.
Giyen the trivialization his own culture has received
throughout "history," I can sympathize. Janis, how-
ever, is an outspoken advocate for preservation of the
Dreaming. From what I've heard, s/he has a strong fae
heritage, and is;painfully familiar with the ways in
which banality can kill.

If nothing-else, Janis' insights may prdve enter-
taining. Just don't expect them to provide you with a
dad mag, Phat roa Hoesn't e

— Alexis

This is the reason I chose to place my observations of
dreams on paper. Not because other media cannot portray
the Dreaming — visual art and music convey the Maya's
essence more potently than the written word — but
because writing is dreaming. In the very act of employing
a language, we bring the essence of creating into form.
Writing is the lasting impression of that form.

The Origins of Dreams

To many tion started with a dream,
with the vision of One whose longings led to many. More

uthorities, cre:

humanocentric mages claim that dreams flow from us,
not the other way around. While that's certainly the case
with most small Dream Realms, where ideas become
realities unto themselves, the larger aspects of the Deep
Dreaming seem far older than humankind. These Realms,
often dominated by godlike beings called Oneira, may be

the source of the ideas which then become Dream Realms.
The possibilities are as circular and as ephemeral as the
dreams themselves:

Ihave three theories about the Oneira; | cannot prove
them, for I have never met one personally, but I can make
educated assumptions about them based on what I have
noticed about other, lesser dream spirits:

© One: That the "dream lords" are archetypes
incarnate, living symbols put into vaguely human terms.
The Major Arcana of the Tarot, the stereotypes of the

78 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of W.

orlds

commedia dell'arte, the gods we immortalize as planets,
myths or psychological complexes, all spring from the
ageless Oneira. In theit Deep Dreaming homes, the
Virgin, the Hermit, the Temptress, the God of War,
and so many others hold court, sending their influence
into our consciousness, where we feed them our imagi-
nations and make them grow stronger still.

© Two: That such beings have what power we give
them, but that such power should never be underesti-
mated. Simply declaring "I don't believe in you any
more" may dispatch a Night Terror, but a dream lord
will simply laugh, "Ah, but so many others still do.

¢ Three: That by observing these beings as both
symbols and as living entities, we can learn greater
truths about ourselves, the human condition, and cre-
ation itself.

For the practical traveler, I have a simple truth: Be
careful what you do, where you go and whom you speak
to while dreamwalking. The forces you disturb can and
often will follow you into the waking world. Unless the
vision you enter is your own, it can turn against you in
surprising ways. And remember when visiting that

dreams can also become nightmares.

Dream Realms and How to Reach
Them

The easiest way to reach the Maya is, of course, by
going to sleep. Naturally, as a mage, you will want more
detailed travel plans, so I advise those of you who wish
to reach the Maya on your own to practice meditation.
Once you achieve the right state of mind, you may enter
the space between dreams, the Near Dreaming.

Walking into a dream is always harder than drifting
into it through sleep. Some shamans can wander into
the Maya in spirit form, but most of us remain on this
side of the Big Dream until we slumber. Those who

spe

in mental magicks can send their minds into
this Zone through astral travel. From their bodies, they
reach up and out, sweeping into the astral sky and
heading for the Moon. As the clouds enfold them, the
dreampaths open.

The paths to the Maya wind through dark hallways,
bridges or tunnels, emerging into either a dreamscape
in progress or into a vast and shimmering ocean of Ether

(or other landscapes; see sidebar).

Floating like a bug in 7-Up, you can watch the

blobs of "imaginoplasm" drift past, often opaque but

occasionally transparent enough to display the show
inside. From there, a skillful traveler can walk through
the pericarp and enter the Dream Realm itself. Once in,
you'd best be clever. Getting out, I'm told, is often
much harder than getting in. Once you've walked into
a dream in progress, that dream becomes your dream as

well, and it conforms to your actions and expectations.


The "Geography" of the Dreaming

Trying to place borders on the Maya, I've encoun-
tered the same difficulties that other authors doubtless
found in their own sections: the Realms that I describe
refuse to conform to static boundaries. Therefore, take
what I say with salt; your adventures there will depend
upon your imaginations, not on my descriptions

First of all, the Dreaming exists as an independent
reality (a Zone), tied to the Umbrae and the material world
byslender threads indeed. In its nearest contact, it hugs the
waking world in a chimerical reality that the fae consider
home. While those with faerie sight can see the wonders
that surround them —a path of gold across a busy intersec-
tion, a dragon's grotto inside an abandoned warehouse —
most mortals, even mages, remain blind to such wonders.

This first layer, called by some the Near Dreaming,
resembles the Penumbra of the spirit worlds, but exists
apart from it. The energy of this "realm," called Glam-
our by the changelings, shapes imagination into magics
and creatures that few human eyes can see. Th
creations — cantrips and chimera, respectively — have
power only over those who can perceive them. Thus,
many familiar with such magicks appear insane to
anyone around them — yes, even to us "enlightened"
few. Lack of imagination muffles these forces until it
threatens the fringes of the Dreaming itself. This phe-
nomenon accounts for the scarcity of faeries in our
modern world, and explains why so many people in the
"modern" world catapult directly into the deeper — and
more disturbing — Maya Realms without the restful
buffer of the Near Dreaming to cushion their flight.

In these further reaches, the Far Dreaming, the shards
of imagination — Dream Realms — float in an endless sea
of possibility. Some travelers see this region as an ocean
with scattered islands, while others envision themselves
beneath that ocean, able to breathe but compelled to seek
out the bubbles that dreams have become. I know of a
shaman who claims her dreamwalks take her to a desert

e

spotted with glittering cities, and most fae of my acquain-
tance speak of trods, paths which meander across mystical
landscapes filled with wondrous perils. As with so many
other Otherworldly things, we can assume that the Far
Dreaming takes many different forms.

Dream Realms, also called dreamscapes, take all the
imagination a person feeds into them and expand to fit it.
In most cases, these Realms last for a few minutes then
disappear; potent ones can linger, drawing the dreamer
back into recurring phantasies. The most powerful dreams
of all — those shared with other people — take on a "life"
oftheirown, becoming largerand more elaborate with each
dreamer who visits them. In time, such dreams become
stories, then legends, then myths. Intime, they may "lodge"
inthe Middle Umbra and become Mythic Realms (described
in Chapter Two). That's why books are such potent cre-
ations — they take the elements of written language,
symbol and archetype, mix them with the imagination of a
vast audience, and give birth to mythology.

Once created, Dream Realms drift like bubbles. The
greater the dream, the larger and slower the Realm it
created becomes. Smaller dreamscapes bob listlessly be-
tween the Umbrae of the Astral, Middle and Dead Worlds;
although they remain in a Zone apart, their contents mirror
the World they pa ross, giving rise to puzzles, nature
dreams and deathmar:

Larger Realms tend to end up ina
more or less fixed location; the World they "inhabit" colors
the whole Realm, and all visitors feel its power.

On the furthest fringes of the Near Dreaming, the
Dream Realms are bisected by the Horizon . On the other
side of this membrane is the primeval portion of the Maya
called the Deep Dreaming. If creation did indeed spring from
dreams, the fragments of those epiphanies exist here as
massive Realms, the Onerae. The comatose, the madandthe
fearless drift into these cyclopean spirit-homes. Few dream-
ers this fargone ever return to our waking world. Even the fae
avoid this place. Here, my friends, true dragons be.

Leaving iptions of Dreams

How does one detail the dream?
epiphany? Measure the drifting foundee
tion? Ie isa task that cannot be done Mi
the dream to banal words ;
you the reader wish to kne
shared while travelin
the answers insid

ok s dream can be tricky;
you can overpower their mind [see

them and you leave
dream is easy

» your fate belongs to
at their pleasure
3 unless some

Summari

an
lations of imagina-
Merely trying reduces
and empty metaphors.
ow the experier
g the Realms. Even w
sti our own memories, we do not feel
wae ‘4 anti we have seen those same territori :
is surgical precision by one with "
wel 1
ell. ather than reveal my own experienc
done about as much as I care
mine, Monaco Sabine
th

- Exiting your own
Spirit captures you (and this
snap yourself awake. Note
eep and w:
Sa vortex which allows then _
world. Most of them dissip;
some linger in the d.
the imagination

can happen.
that the
duce:

+), you simply
moment between s oon
nces others have

hen we may find

akefulness pro-
am spirits into our
after a moment or so, but
lark corners of your

and passion you st

i shed while awake N.
all such cre le awake

I such creatures are hostile soi; Lik ake. Nor
Amore Muse, are ai a

remembering

ate
room, feeding
feeding on fy hae
"authority." Very
y y
nm —which Ihave
‘0 do—I present two friends of
and Malcolm, to ela
are thee well, O brave

the elusive

it's worth
‘an follow you home.

to be treasured — but
that dreams ¢
borate o1

ate on

y have seen.

magicians!

Chapter Three: Enigmas


?

NOG All

Hollywood

Hollywood is like being nowhere and talking to nobody
about nothing.

— Michelangelo Antonioni

Who hasn't dreamt of being a Hollywood movie sta
Every child, every adult who's ever seen a movie has at one
time thought of it, dreamt of it, yearned for it. To deny this
is to deny what makes you human, to deny that which

makes you yearn for a better life, for a happier home, for
achievement, for enlightenment, for Ascension

As we all know, things are never simple, even in
dreamland. The first-time visitor to Hollywood must en-
dure the "castingcouch." A sortofscreen test, this experience
has proven, for most, to be a very emotionally charged
event in which the visitor must act through a dramatic
scene. Those who give themselves over to the scene are
welcomed in. With the

asting couch behind them, these
visitors find themselves in a Hollywood movie studio.

One main street, known as The Boulevard, runs the
length of the Realm, disappearing in a dot at the horizon. A
plethora of sights, sounds and smells assault the senses. First
one theme song, then another, tantalizes your ears, taunt-
ing you to name that movie. Similarly, a cacophony of odors
reaches out to pull at your memories: cigarette smoke, a
salty ocean breeze, gunpowder, all with underlying hints of
paint, perfume and popcorn.

The Boulevard teems with extras, stunt men, grips and
gaffers pushing

acks of costumes or carrying odd props. From

time to time, a western hero jumps from a roof onto the back

of his horse and rides off into the sunset, or a cop car goes
screaming by. Actors, famous of face and name, mingle
among their supporting cast, playing out a love scene, blow-
ing adoring kisses or lolling, drunk, in the gutter. The actors
are not themselves, but the characters they most famously
portrayed. They appear in costume, in character, and those
filmed in black and white are black-and-white:

I've seen
several Bogies, a black and white version of Rick from
Casablanca among them. Marilyn's white convertible cruises
the Boulevard, her blond hair caught back in a pink scarf.

* Monaco Sabine

Hollywood, one of the largest and most stable of
the Maya, floats among the other dream bubbles, a
glistening, glittering gate to the grandiose. Entering
thé first time is difficult, but once you're iny you can
never-be turned away. The casting couch awaits.
Prove-that your heart is/as big as your dream, and
yowré.in. The adventure starts then. But to truly
appreciate the Hollywood Realm, one must under-
stand intimately the expression "larger than life." My
associate Monaco Sabine, bani Dreamspeakers, shares
her insight into the Realmof Hollywood Idolatry.

80 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

Jimmy Stewart, without Technicolor, runs down the side-
walk, shouting, "It's a wonderful life!" His black and white

image stands out perversely against the glittering red sequins

of Ginger's ball gown as he pushes past her.

These characters appear and disappear as if magically
‘A Wells Fargo truck may

comedown thestreetand pass you,

transported in and out of

tenc

appearseveral blocks awa

only to disappear several hundred feet further down as if driven
through an invisible curtain. People appear out of nowhere,
stroll past and nod just as they begin to fade again. Though I
found this effect very disturbing at first, it adds to the surreal
Im. On sev

atmosphere of the Res al occasions, my conversa-

tions with these characters were interrupted when they suddenly
vanished from my presence. The disappointment of meeting
your favorite character or actor, only to have him disappear
before your eyes, is particularly frustrating.

ion between the

The Realm itself seems to draw a distinc
characters and the actors who played them. Both are repre-
sented here. The characters replay their scenes, their lives,
their triumphs, and their tragedies over and over again. Here,
n talk and think,
their existence made all the more tragic for the unchanging
No matter
how many times they replay it, the endings never chan
These events leak out onto the Boulevard in the bubbles of
fiction which surround each of the characters. I have found it

in Hollywood, they live and breathe. The

events around which their fictional lives revolve

impossible to have a conversation with these automatons.
They remain so locked into the story for which they were

created that they cannot break free from it. They spout their

lines and see only what their director told them to see.

The actors, on the other hand, do not seem quite so
trapped ina story. They can converse as any normal person
can, recognizing you for who you are. Amazingly, they also
have a conscious understanding of where they are. James
Dean taught me more about this Realm than I could have
learned in 10 years otherwise, with his thoughtful, though
angst-filled, understanding of the human condition. Some
of my colleagues have suggested that these actors are actu-
ally wraiths who, instead of passing on as most others do,
were drawn to the Hollywood Realm. I reserve judgment on
this theory until further investigation can be conducted.

Long rows of buildings line both sides of the Boulevard,
comprisinga large variety of structures from saloon toskyscraper.
These buildings change regularly. A farmhouse can become a
comer drug store in the flash of an eye. People exit and enter the
buildings, and it would seem that a given building's nature is
dictated by the characters who surround it at any one moment.

Entering a building transports the visitor to the locale of the
movie. Onone occasion, I made the mistake of entering the Bates
Motel. I found myself, in black and white, standing at the foot of
alonghill, looking up atan old manse. In the uppermost window,
awoman lookeddownat me. Behind mestood the motel, darkand
ominous. A woman's scream cut through me and without
further thought, I turned and left the way I had entered.


Background

The girl from an Lowa farm, the boy from the Bronx,
the woman at the San Diego convenience store, and the
one dream in

man waiting tables in Biloxi, all have

common: Hollywood stardom. Is it so surprising that
generations of individuals, from different places and dif-
ferent lives, so many starstruck nobodies, could share a
dream large enough to create a Realm in the Maya? As I've
sat in that dark theater, sharing the fantasy on the screen
with a roomful of faceless strangers, I've often marveled at
the magic of it. In those two hours, if the magic-makers did
their job properly, the suspension of disbelief becomes a
physical thing. For a short time, everyone knows that
superheroes can fly and that a girl from Kansas can have
a wondrous adventure with her dog. Together, the movie-
goers allow their minds and hearts to open

Movie stars become gods. Is it any wonder that so
many people want to be a part of that? To live the fantasy
rather than watch it on the big screen? To become the god
or goddess who can, with a look or a wave of the hand,
change the face of reality as we know it? To win against all
odds and benefit from coincidence that would or could
only happen in the movies? And then, to come out at the
other end of adventure with perfect make-up or a suave

comment to brush away the seriousness of the moment.

Who can blame humanity for making that "unreality" a

part of its dreams, for persevering on that fantasy?

The average Sleeper simply "fades into" a role when
he arrives; to him, the Realm becomes an opportunity to
relive his favorite film, or to rewrite it with himself as the
star. A deliberate traveler enters the dreamscape in a
more concrete way she actually assumes one of the
important roles in a given story. If you understand how
to break the cinematic spell, you can walk away from the
storyline when things get nasty (if you want to; many
don't). If not, you're there until the film roars to its
climax. This can be a really fun ride, so long as you're
prepared for the trip.

Outside the sets, the visitor becomes another star,
a feature of the Realm that may be more powerful than
the re-creations themselves. For as long as the traveler
remains "behind the scenes," her life becomes a whirl-
wind of offers, vices, rejections, triumphs, awards and
disappointments. You can go from boom to bust in a
single visit to Hollywood, rushing from aspiring starlet
to fallen goddess in a single long night. The sensation
never lasts, but it's as intoxicating as the real thing and
involves a lot less waiting. Remember, though, that this
"career" mirrors the legend of stardom, not the real-life
business of acting. The dream, after all, is so much more
exciting than the reality

Chapter Three: Enigmas 81

SSS


Places of Interest

The disorienting nature of the Realm and its shifting
cast of characters make it a hard place to pin down. All the
same, some features remain throughout the myriad changes
the dreamscape undergoes:

* The Casting Couch:
Casting Couch is Hollywood

As I mentioned above, the

foyer. More a moment than
an actual place, all who want in must cross this threshold.
I have heard that this experience varies greatly between
visitors. For most, or so they say, it merely tests the limits of
your imagination, throwing the visitor into a scene and
demanding a performance. For me, it was much more. For
my Casting Couch, | was faced with one of the most
emotional moments of my life and forced to play it all out
again. Although at the time I didn't realize it, it actually
occurred in the flash of an eye in my mind. As the scene
unfolded, I could not change a thing. The words, pre-
scripted, flew from my mouth with as little control as the
emotions that overtook me. Needless to say, | emerged,
somewhat rattled, on the other side.
Apparently, I got the part. Now, when I go to Hollywood,

I'm welcomed by a throng of autograph-seekers and agents

who want to represent me during my visit. It's rather strange
and at first I didn't know how to react. The key, of course, is to
be gracious with your fans and aloof with the agents. It's all a
matter of attitude. Always leave them wanting more

© The Sets: The buildings which line the Boulevard,
dropping in and out, tradingplaces, appearingand disappearing,
each represent one movie in the entire body of work produced
for "Hollywood." From the desert of Arabia to the depths of the
ocean, if'a movie has taken place there, a set exists for it; some
structureson the Boulevard welcome visitors insideand recreate
familiar moments. The characters linger here, solid ghosts, re-
living their parts, coming and going, oblivious to all but their
roles. Ihaveseen Dorothy and Scarlett O'Hara and Darth Vader
and Sara Connor. I leamed, as all visitors must, that upon
entering building, you enter that world, still an outsider, but a
participant nevertheless. I have watched my favorite films from
the inside, trembling in terror, crying in pain, aching with love,
more deeply involved than ever I was in the theater.

Here's the danger in a Hollywood visit: when you enter
1 set, you enter the story. Dream spirits treat you as one of
their own, and soon consider you part of the story. This is fun
aslongas youremember that the essence of drama is Conflict,

usually with a capital "C." Every experience in Hollywood is
intense, and that intensity can be draining when you're a part
of the action. Oh, and stay clear of bullets, knives, monsters
ind explosions — they don't just hurt, they can kill.

* Inter-Reality Possession (IRP): I've heard reports
of visitors actually becoming one of the characters in the
story, in a sort of "inter-reality possession" (IRP). I suspect

that this relates to the dreamwalker's state of mind at the


time he or she enters the set. Identifying a bit too closely
with the character you play can open the doors for a rip-
roaring case of IRP, which can be disconcerting at best and
lethal at worst. Although anyone who enters a set puts
himself at some risk, the visitor who falls victim to inter-
reality possession does so even more drastically — he loses
all control of the plot and must ride out the movie in the
body of the character. As you can imagine, if the character
is slated to die, this could be disastrous

This phenomenon of inter-reality possession seems to
occur only in the sets, as soon as a visitor enters one of the
buildings lining the Boulevard. Survivors have described the
feeling as extremely disorienting. They essentially drop into
another body, another time, and another place, in the middle
of someone else's life. Powerful forces control them and they
become like spectators watching from the inside-out

Interviews with some of these survivors have indicated
that once the original disorientation wears off, you discover
some amount of autonomy and can actually change the
unfolding events — with a powerful effort of will, of course.
This is not recommended, however, especially if you know
that your character comes outall right at the end of the film.
Why risk turning events against you?

The sets themselves seem unaffected by the laws of
physics. They don't seem like sets at all, but like actual
locations. Each one takes up more space than it should be
able to do given the restraints of the building. Through
some miracle of illusion, the sun overhead appears real.
What should be no more than 40 square feet expands to

become a valley, a desert, an ocean. Rain actually pelts

down; hurricanes and tornadoes blow; the cold bites. Herein

lies another danger of Hollywood. Do not underestimate
the impact of a bullet, nor the power of a speeding car in
Hollywood. While, in the theater, these things cannot
harm moviegoers, in Hollywood they can.

Ecology

Documenting the "ecology" of Hollywood is an impos-
sible task. Visitors should just stay on their toes and never
underestimate the power of the imagination. The charac-
ters and creatures inhabiting the Hollywood Realm have

the skills and abilities they have in their respective movies,
which makes some of them incredibly dangerous. Although
this also means that the villains miss more often than they
hit (they certainly miss more often than the hero), it's a bad
idea to get trapped into a slasher flick or macho movie
unless you've got the skills to survive it

As mentioned, it's been suggested, but never proven,
that some of the characters roaming the sets are wraiths,
actors in life who couldn't leave Hollywood behind when
died. They mingle with the characters they played,
often stepping bac

into their old roles or playing alongside
their character, mirroring their motions and words in a
pitiful display of nostalgia. Unlike the native inhabitants of

this Realm, these ghosts aren't the characters they played.
Each is the actor, the person, the human soul it was in life,
with all its faults, fears, addictions and hates. Beware these
beings, for their egos and psychoses can be powerful forces.

Especially if you're stealing their sceni

The Land of Nod

In the next room was Michael. When Michael was seven,
a school friend's mother had instilled in him a mortal fear of
cancer. Unfortunately, she hadn't explained what cancer actu-
ally was.

Michael had his own ideas
Alan Moore,"

The Land of Nod squats atop a dreamscape moun-

ATimeofRunning..." (Swamp Thing)
tain on the fringes of the Underworld, a brooding monster,
as hungry as any that ever hid beneath a child's bed. In
the Land of Nod, all the fears of childhood come racing
back to confront you in flesh and blood. If you thought
they were scary in your imagination, just think what
they're like here. Although it isn't officially considered
a Nightmare Realm, I personally think it comes close. I
am Monaco Sabin
nd of Nod

This Realm has one fascinating and dangerous aspect

, Dreamspeaker and frequent visitor
to the L

that itshares with few others: Its influence reaches beyond

its "physical" boarders. Many other dreamscapes contain
dismal paths to this eternal Realm, winding roads with a
sickening dread growing at the end of each one. A mile or
so away from the Land of Nod's borders, revulsion sets in.
It's as if someone had given you a plate of spider soup for
supper. Even so, once your feet end up on the road to Nod,
it's almost impossible to change your course. The further

you go, the sleepier you become. Soon, the shadows

lengthen and walking becomes a chore, then a burden,
then impossible. Even the mightiest mages fall victim to
the slumber of childhood remembered. If the tales I've

heard are any indication, the really powerful mages are the
most vulnerable of all.

At the end of the pathway, surrounding shadows
lengthen and stretch; the landscape fades, twisting and
darkening, and the desire to lie down becomes overwhelm-
ing. Squares of light, like those created by a car passing
outside your bedroom window, travel across thesky. They're
usually the last things you see before sleep overcomes you.

Description
Thesecond time visited the Land of Nod, the dreamscape

had changed somewhat. Undoubtedly, it varies for other
visitorsas well. Even so, I'll attempt to give you an idea of what

Nod is like, or at least how it was during my own travels

I awoke in complete darkness. Something small and
furry, with more legs than any creature should have, ran
across my hand. A loud booming, regular and steady, like the

Chapter Three: Enigmas 83

NW

LN

HL SX_

ZN

footsteps of an approaching giant, commenced in the dis-
tance, getting louder and closer. The footsteps stopped and
the sound of a doorknob turning preceded a thin crack of
light, approximately 30 feet tall, which appeared in the
darkness. Ever s
the room. Snak

slowly, the crack broadened, illuminating

s and spiders slithered and crept everywhere.

A loud, angry growl sounded from the other side of the
door as the crack grew wider. I decided to make a run for it.
I bolted through the crack, around the monster and out into
sunlight. A field of flowers and green, green grass spread out
before me, cut in half by a sparkling brook. A path led me
across the field toa bridge. As I stepped up and began to cross,
I heard from below, "Halt. Who dares to cross my bridge?"

The Land of Nod, as we have come to call it, is the
manifestation of the fairy tales (read "horror stories") that
everyone heard as a child, and of the nightfears that plague

children around the world. Herein, the visitor will find the
living, biting, clawing version of the monster he forgot years
ago when he grew up. Don't underestimate these creature:

the Kid Fears and Night Terrors — they'll tear you apart. For
who but children have such powerful imaginations?

The most disconcerting aspect of the Land of Nod is
the fact that everything is somewhat larger than it should
be. The Realm has been created from achild's point of view,
you see, and the world around them looms so much larger
than we adults remember.

Background

The wicked witch, the child-eating troll, the hun-
gry hairy monster, the bogey man, the wolf, Bloody
Mary... The list goes on and on. How many horrors do
we inflict upon our children? How many leave perma-
ts? How many nights do they lie
awake, afraid to move or to even put a toe over the edge
of the mattress, for fear of the thing under the bed? How

nent psychological s

often has the darkness become a living, breathing thing,
hungering for child-flesh? And how often do the par-
ents themselves become the monsters, the feared ones
who come to hurt the child?

Children have powerful magic, and their imaginations
have not been restrained by culturalization and "grown-up"
rationality. The belief of a child is undiluted. Is it any
wonder that one of the largest and most dangerous Dream
Realms was born of the fears and beliefs of children?

Places of Interest

Each child fears different things; those fears, in

turn, affect the journeys we endure in the Land of Nod.
My own experiences in the Realm reflected a somewhat
prosaic American childhood. I can only imagine the
shapes a Bosnian child's nightmares might create. And
imagination, as you know by now, is the stuff
dreamscapes are made of.

84 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

The House

The archetypal haunted mansion, the House sits on
top of a hill above the field of flowers | mentioned earlier.
Its outer walls are painted black, with white shutters.

Walking around the outside, you might notice that al-
though it appears to be rectangular in shape, like any
s all

normal house, it actually has five outer walls. The gra
around the house is dead and yellow. The windows are

dark, arranged upon the facade like eyes and mouths. The

front door opens of its own accord to all those who would

enter, then shuts — and locks — behind. The entire first
floor is a living room, from which a door leads down to
the basement. A bedroom and bathroom take up the top
floor where a hatch in the ceiling leads to the attic.

¢ The Living Room: From inside the house, it
always appears to be pitch-dark night outside. In the
living room, large windows consume the walls. Oddly,
they differ from those you see from outside the house.
French doors open off one side of the room. Heavy
curtains, parted, flank all the windows. A howl from
outside invariably marks the beginning of the attack.
Red eyes glow in the darkness beyond the windows. One
window:imay fly open, allowing'a strong breeze to throw
the curtains aside. A crack of lightning illuminates the
creature waiting to get in.

A long'set'of stairs climberup to theweeond floor'
They're creaky cmbtal staus, open in the back dAnyihing
could reach through and grab you. Furthermore, the area
inky

, or an exhale

behind the stairs remains hidden in an unnatu

blackness. Periodically, a shuffle, a smac

tion can be heard coming from the dark.

© The Second Floor: Whereas one would assume that
children would perceive their bedroom as the safest place
in the house, this doesn't appear to be so. The window is
always dark, night-time, but outside, red eyes glow and
some thing claws at the glass. The bedroom rumbles with
monsters — under the bed, in the drawers, on the ceiling
Beware, especially, the odd clown doll sitting in the
rocking chair. It's not as sweet as it would seem.

In the bathroom, an oversized toilet sits next to the
wall. A strange green glow emanates from inside the bowl.

From time to time, a large bubble gurgles to the surface of

the water. Don't toy with the monster in the toilet.
Nearby, a gigantic porcelain bathtub holds a gaping drain.
Strange burbles and groans rise from the drain hole.
Creatures crawl out of it, and scaly hands reach up to pull
whatever they can find back down with them.

* The Attic and the Basement: Remember the fear
a kid feels when he sticks his vulnerable little head up
through a hole into a dark and mysterious place? Don't go
up in the attic. If the skittering and red eyes don't
convince you, then perhaps the darkness will. A clean
square of light shines through the trap door in the


S.

ceiling, but beyond that, everything remains obscured.
A shuffle, a growl, a scratch heard at first in the far corner
moves slowly out, advancing bravely upon the intruder
to its space, until its claws extend into the square of light.
By then, you've waited too long

The basement is, by far, the most dangerous area in
the whole house. Monsters live in the walls down here,
hiding in shadowy corners and especially behind the
stairs. They can come up through the dirt floor to grab at
anyone passing by. Giant spiders hang on webs near the
ceiling and rats watch from the window sills. Trunks and
boxes, stacked around, provide perfect hiding places and
a labyrinth for lurking. One bare bulb lights the room,
perpetually swinging, sending shadows running back and
forth across the floor and walls. In one corner, the light
does not reach. Here, the dirt floor falls away into a
bottomless pit from which no one has ever returned. No
indication warns the visitor; the pit appears as little more
than a shadow upon the floor. Step

The Doctor's Office

Located on another hill overlooking a wide corn-

arefully.

field, just past the House, the Doctor's Office resembles
an austere old mansion. The sign out front says simply,
"Doctor." Inside the smell is nauseating. It's that hospi-
tal/old-people/sickness/cover-it-up-with-antiseptic smell
that burns itself into your nose and doesn't go away for
days. The waiting room is filled with lepers and decrepit

old people who have dirtied their underw

ar. A puddle

of blood remains unattended on the floor.

The doctor himself is a terrifying caricature, with a
broad mouth and whiskers like those of a catfish. His
white coat has odd stains all over it, insipid reds and
yellows and greens. He carries cold, steel tools which are
four times as large as they should be. Whenever he
approaches, he appears all warped and stretched as if you
view him through a convex lens. The closer he gets, the
larger he seems. His hand, outstretched, seems huge in
comparison to the rest of his body. The same occurs if he

leans his face forward; his whole head grows to a dispro-
portionate size in relation to his more distant body. The
doctor likes to poke and he likes to prod and he likes to

look at all your private places.

The Funeral Parlor

Undoubtedly born from the terrors of children who've
experienced a funeral, this place seems unbearable, even
for an adult. The smell alone, as you walk in through the
giant front doors, is enough to send you running back out
to find the sunshine. Located on the other side of the
forest, the Funeral Parlor is completely black on the
outside. Giant pillars line a narrow front porch. A gloom
hangs over the building, blocking out the sun without
the help of clouds.

Inside, distance warps. It takes forever to get any-
where, no matter how fast you walk. In the anteroom, a
handful of people stand around, men and women, all
wearing black. Their faces are loose, wet with tears, and
extremely sad. Then they look at you, all of them at once,

and their gaze grows hard, accusing. Their fingers stab

toward you lik

pikes; their hands reach out, clasping,

groping. Some grasp your shoulders and drag you to
them. Their hugs are like stone. Their bodies smell bad.
Stale. Dead.

Through a rounded doorway, another room awaits.
Its aisle stretches out forever between towering rows of
chairs. Other people, like gray statues, glower from their
rigid seats. All gazes fasten on you, as hands push you
forward, hard, insistent. The reek of rancid flowers en-
folds you like a cloying fog, and the organ's tune crawls
like spiders on your skin.

At the end of the aisle, a large black coffin domi-
nates a dais. The lid is open, but the dais is too high. No
matter how tall you may be, the platform looms above
you, beckoning. To see inside, you must step up on a
narrow ledge. The hands behind you will not tolerate
refusal. You must look into the casket.

The corpse inside is not pretty, but it is familiar. Think
of a loved one — any loved one — and there she is, all laid
out in ghastly make-up and dusty dress. Beneath the dress,
something moves. Lots of somethings.

Worms.

rything is full of worms.

The School

The two-room school on the far side of the apple tree
has brick walls, a c

acked sidewalk and a decrepit play-
ground in the back. On the playground, a fat little boy,
nearly eight feet tall, walks around with his fists clenched,
looking for someone to pick on. A group of laughing girls
sprout teeth and claws and giggle around their victim, even
as they tear his flesh away.

Welcome back to school. It's as bad as you remember.

From time to time, a bell rings, echoing painfully in your
ears. The teacher, a twisted old woman with angry eyes and
cruel words, carries a metal pointer in one hand, swinging it
mercilessly at naughty boys and girls. Books fly constantly
around the room, slamming into anything that gets in the
wa

When the bell rings again, everyone piles back out onto
the playground. Everyone, that is, but the unlucky victim
who has been singled out for a trip to the principal's office.

At the end of a long empty hallway, the door to the
principal's office looms large and menacing. From inside, a
funeral dirge plays softly. The door opens of its ownaceords
growing taller and wider as the darkness inside swells. A

growl emanates from the black interior, then out afmowheré,

a scaly finger with a broken, yellow nail, motions the visitor
within, and instinctively you know this i

LD.

01 udaq 9A,NOA ‘sadedsureaip ay? 02 UVaq 9A,] YOO] "Burya
aJoym siya anoge quejmad Buraq wp aysteNs UME
JPsnouE puke PULOYPPIC JO SUOHIPUAd D0Is JoUTWNS
uo and 02 ay!] sisoys ay aIDYm siya Weaap ap] ay
"peaq] aya jo swpeay Wreaiq] ay INoge |]e NOA |]93. 09 9AeY |
yeYp pjor udaq 9A, ] ‘IU AYN] -eYp [Je Pue sperouaUIWIOD 199q,
ino Burjeor9 ped Aj] B UO BuNAIs a1,No4 pue oog-Aa1gqqoq
-Augqig, o8eu e uy wpospepy ‘ou saeyp ‘sa4 ‘sax

{WODTLPY P[O 400d saaat]aq 49A9 APOGON "Op NOK jt aU aAd1]9q
Pl] AOU Sat Ag (jaynDs spar ‘spp

{awypsem AON JoaDa1d auNK] asoy/Y\ ;YEH]) "UasyOIq INO SUIUD

10 ‘9 01 UIST] ],NOK

-Aysrfua noge unpauos — Aya aoUy Op | [Ja ‘kEAG,

"‘yayog Uada | Aya MOU 2,UOP |
"dn ayea nod aya 1 9810) Apadurord pue daajse a4,no4 apy
1 pear ]],N04 40 4
uay? pue ‘Kep atp Suunp sitp peas o1 Sut08 a4,no4 s9yry
"roe YONU 2,US90Q] {ON {>YMW NOK ary "o19yp TY

‘Jyques payppe-Shap yonut os se a ssiustp

{Soppesio 1 oyenbyueq,, ‘sBuyjasueyD oy, —
souoay way) OL,

sj28up ayp qv 01 spsoyo ay_]

Jus Budy]d aan am puy

ISMP OnuL payqunss sappid 2y,L

pans swoo.yg ay.)
pomp asp) aan mou ing

awoy a1
passadsip svpy
&ainvagq fo apn aya mou ing

"auay pasayjays 2/A\
d1jeoy | WeIIg
S,P]JOMJIPUQ 9Y_L

"-ypeap jo Suryeads puy

Mm a2Uu0 a/y\

"-9uul09 02 a10UU Jo astwOAd ay pu "tpeap Jo ssouT]s
ayp2 OUI sapIsqng ‘sapisqns 11 ‘yZnoUa UOOg "UOseaZ NOY
‘soueasqns INoYAA ‘ainsvaw INOYA uted ‘UIBaq SIOLIOF]
"ypewois ay suum pur Urys ayp O1 sBuIp> wey Boy Apooyg e
‘dn punoa aya toy spjing azey par y "suaIpyos yin suems
age oy ‘sJUaWOW Uy "UIE aYyp [JY suadis Jo punos JuURasIpP

aul

"uo SaAow Uatp ‘ade Ue saeAeI I YaIsuOUL BURY WHOIS B

dup pue spur Aap uaya ‘Suruayzep ev se suraq se py

aro ‘adeaspue] ayy uodn umop Surpaas pnopp x>xIq IaI3 &
YI] ‘Paoqe Woy spuadsap Je PY ‘PON Jo puey] ay UT
"Aig sat j]e Ur aeA\ Jo weeaup s,ppryo oy — UeUN|D
aya ut auids asaueaw Ssappes aya sdeysad st siyy -so1poq
Uudyoug yta sey ayp paay NOA Avp aUO JUN [Nos aNok Burdess
SnoA opIsut smvous 1e AQ ‘[]2J0IsI0 AA Aq a]quIN SyuEA se ‘sparys
Apoo}q 01 sdiuaSuy anos spuus pue jaoy A]9q anos soe
Je\ ‘SAPO pue ssejs Jo sugq Bury o1ur asuep royzeur ayp
sayeuu pur stuearos yam opojdxa aysiu aup sayeur ae yy "smog
S19IPfOs J9puN JMO sI9YIOUL ITM POO] UMO 4I9YA UO ayYOYy

sioypey soyeur ‘oypRasq 1 YDTYA OI ATE ay sayeU se/K,

SPHOA\ JO YOoY ay] ALE atp puotag 98
JB /\ SEAT "owe szaisuoW aya
MOUY "Y"] ASeg PUR EITEUIOG Jo ‘oAafeseg Jo ‘AsLy]9g Jo UIP
NP ay {slopunya puesnoyp e ay1] 29104 v pue jaudesys
JO [[Ny 2asur Ue ax] J9UIOD ay? UL sazznq IeYA\ {|>20H{
wreaidg ay? o2 yo Appeq Surssesp ‘siaautds 03 a SUD,
Jo siapio Sur] MOY ‘IYsIU ap Jo a}Pprw ayp ut soop aya uodn
spunod ay ,\ {siuazed ‘spuaty ‘s1aasts ‘sioyaorg SUNY ‘spury
wor-rea ul AYs aYI WY sa|quINI YAY WEA AY],
"AeIPHUE} CO YOO] WaYp Jo aWOS pu ‘sadej
Auewr sey uewidaesg ayy ‘edpuesy 40 pary 9]9uE Jo ‘Appeq]
say soumawiog -qny> Ay]!q pappmas & pue adeur jo |]Ny ULD
e ypiam ‘doo e say soumatiog ‘spuony sty yaa A J UO saysIEA
soypoag Big souo ayp ay] ‘YaIsUOUL F s,9Y SUTIAWOS "UAL Jo
ured Apaas ay Woy 1aisajopy s91s9YH & "wINg B

ay sSaWTaWOg

woo you|q Surddey siy pue ssozea jo |]ny atus sry YUN ‘sareAVe
uewidsers ay] ‘AUOp aa,Nod IVY YOO] MON {Ady 1, UpIC] {S19
-BueNs 01 ¥]21 01 19A9U NOK ]]3 AYA I,UPIC] FUBUIAILIS »

"paq ur uay
poo 1ou ay Aayp pur ‘asou sry Suryeaaq 10J NOs yarn Aden

‘azoyavdioaa ae sing "saiojode ystas

aue saaq ays — dn yoo} 2,u0q "s9oys sno Uo siapids ore oxy
—umop y90] 2,u0q "uedY anos premor premvuT jaUUNI Aoyp se
4y]9q 2 YBnomp woUda SuIpeards ‘Aypryuted ‘A|Moys "youn
0 ueas Aayp uatp puly "Ava way? Aid ued (j10190p ay UdAI
jou) Jo1D90p ou JAUN daap SuI3ip ‘apisut Moun pur ssuey
pouostod s1ayp aia UO yore] ued Aya D294 s9du]d Yos pue
sommaeoatp ‘sued 1915

ano{ puyy o1 MOY MOUY sBNg |]easNeD9q

sa] {s8nq jo preaze are spz18 Ayam sopuom z9a no' piq‘sa|qipuew
Suueay pur swoy a3ny yam ‘Awys ‘Suruuinby :s8ng

aie] 009 Apeayye say "Suruuny Aa 3,uo] "]]9y |]e UeYp JoUReWS
puy

Uday A\ ‘SMOPUTA ay] ApISINO JO pag ay Jo 100} ay Ie soup

BUN} "NPY "NOA soy awod |] Aayp ‘uoye ]]e a4,noK

ayp woy Suruzng ‘a3uny pue pai-[eoo ‘sada stay aas ued
ho "IWsTU Aap UL yo srapuLM OYA PLY ssajaze9.ayp NoAapor
Buntem ‘Aepswoop ayf] [MOY soapom ay ‘spoom asadaap ay
Uy ‘sadaid 02 speutue wey 291 pue UapyIyD 2a Aay) sMOU
aUOAIAAD — aSIOM aIE SATO "It Pa] PUL Poojq UeLINY
paisea ey) ueULagog ayy 40 oYpAsd Sup oy Aq pouren
B|
"sinB sj13 aay wea pue siaBuy shoq apy yo deus Aaya
APM AYL ©

:saphyout watp jo Suydwes ypeus y

1Nq ad dup ‘peor ayp uMop Bop peq ay smouy auods

‘snoroia pur Ajjauis ‘Siq — Areas aue s80(]

‘azay dn pua soreunysiu s,uaappryo qe
pury "a1eunysiu e sowosag |]atus AuUTy 10 aopeys ppo ‘punos
paeay-yfey Ataag "pry v 01 aaisindas pue Surdjuu0y aq ued
Jeammeu Apoapiad waas ynpe ue 01 ‘eu IeY,Y "AI PuLrs
-Jopun pure [Bap Iva. 3

99s UaAp]YD "way Yam sau IY
ssaussajdjay aya 02 40 ‘wyeay aya jo sroua2 ayp oF SUNUIUT
S} UO ON "SMOPEYS JO ]]Ny IS0]9 B UIA YSU axoU ay? NOK
y9a18 puke aULOY NOA MO]JOJ UaAE WAY Jo atIOg ‘aUT Dy Ie
Sumy swaas Woy aaa eYyM Super ‘Mata orut daams ‘s10119 |
IYSIN 10 sIVag pry se awos Aq UMOUY ‘sHUIds WILD] ‘PON
JO pur] otp uieos sBulaq snoiasuep pur asuens Aueyy

A§o0joo7

WA

Z

CONW//AA\

the dreamscapes — hell, probably everyone you know has

been to the dreamscapes. Let me amend that: Everyone you
That

‘quaintances?

know who has a vaguely interesting personality

makes it, what, three, possibly four of your 4
No family members, I'm sure

So, where to start? The beginning? Why not. Listen

closely, as I'm not in the habit of repeating myself

Sandmen

The first thing I have to tell you about is the Sanden
No, put the bloody comic book down, you literal-minded
jerk. 1 mean the dead ones. The ghosts. Yes, they call
themselves Sandmen, and I have no idea why. In any case,
that's not important. What is important is that they like to
ently ease them
amland. The
thing is, even people like me (Iam not trying to snub you,

swoop in on people who are asleep, ever

out of their bodies, and carry them off to

I have no idea if you're Awakened or not, so get your

knickers right back out of that twist) who can sometimes
see ghosts can't always see these phantoms coming. I mean,
generally they don't swing by until you're asleep anyway, so
it's not much good looking for them in any case, but you

know wha... Excuse me? I'm rambling? Never mind.

What I was trying to say before bein, rudely inter-

rupted was that while you probably won't see a Sandman

coming, you will be able to see him (or her, or it) after

WOK

Ves Wy,

It
y yO6 BSH aNy,

you've been swaddled away on wings of dream. There isn't
1 general look to them, really, but they all seem to go to the
same tailor. Most of them are wrapped in bits of old dreams
and whatnot, making them perfect tatterdemalions. The
newer the piece of dream they're wrapped in, the more
brightly it glows. Some of them look like positive fireflies,
I tell you

The Places You'll Go

Once a Sandman has abstracted you from your body,
there are two places he might take you. Unfortunately,
neither is a little café in Paris, with the almond trees
blossoming and a violinist on the Rue nearby and... I'm

rambling again, aren't I? Well, sorry

The first place they might take you is the land of the
dead, which they quaintly call The Underworld. It's not a
pretty place, and the property values are through the
legendary floor. Someone who gets carted off by ghosts into
these Deadlands ends up as a sort of super-tourist ghost
herself, being entirely too buff to be so much as dented by
hosts can tell when a visitor isstill

most pesky wraiths. Th
alive, you see, and generally they give the living wide
berths. Jealous, probably

However, most Sandmen aren't into just playing tour
guide. No, when they ghostnap a mortal (Is that the right
word? Is that a word at all? Who cares!) usually it's for

Chapter Three: Enigmas 87

EE

Y

IZ" NS

NO Ail

purposes of their — hold your breath now, here comes the

big announcement — ahem, for purposes of their Art.

That's with the capital and the italic, in case you were
wondering. No, it's not some sort of magical ghostly word,
it's just that even dead people can be pretentious angst-
ridden bastards.

What these Sandmen are best at, you see, is creating

what they call dreamscapes. They make little worlds,
little stages that exist outside of this Underworld of
theirs, and which ghosts dream their way into. Think
about it: Any place, any time, any setting — even the
dead need vacations, you see.

Plus, those clever little Sandmen stock their setting
with actors, plots, props and whatnot. Mostly the actors
are other ghosts — union regulations, as I understand it —
but every so often, they pull a living person in there as
"This Week's Special Guest Star." Usually the poor idiot
has no idea what's going on. All he knows is that he's in
aparticularly vivid dream. Often the wraiths just gather to
watch the star of the Pageant wander from mishap to
mishap, much like a situation comedy. Other times they
like to take active parts, and the living man (or woman, or

bunches of each — the Sandmen aren't picky) becomes

one of a host of characters. It varies.

Dreamscapes

The landscape of a dream is called its dreamscape.
The term holds for the real estate of any dream, whether
one that the Sandmen construct brick by brick or a
construction worker's catnap vision of a tropical para-
dise. Sandmen can work with the very reality of dreams,

you see — yours, mine, their own —and mold it to their

wishes. It is a power that most mages, vampires, and

other various and sundry Awakened beings would sim-
ply kill to have. However, most draw the line at dying
for it. Pity

Most dreamscapes have all the staying power of a soap
bubble balanced on a sea urchin in the middle of a hurri-
cane, which is to say not much. Someone closes her eyes,
dreams a little dreamy dream (which, incidentally, calls a
dreamscape into being) and then wakes up. Poof! The
dreamscape's gone. End of story.

On the other hand, when the Sandmen build a
dreamscape, they build it to last. They're much like the
BBC, I'm led to understand, constantly recycling sets
with just a little tweak to things to make it look a teen

bit different. Apparently the bloody things are too much
work for a Sandman to make and then just discard when
he's done. So, whatever metaphysical place they reside
in is stoked to the gills, I'm sure, with abandoned and
that the

mothballed dreamscapes, as well as the ones

Sandmen use a tad more frequent!

Furthermore, when you're in a dreamscape, some-
how you're not in the Underworld at all any more. That

88 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

doesn't mean that your Spheres work any better there —
how things work depends on the individual dreamscape.
Each one has its own rules, depending upon the intent of
the dream crafted. Don't go looking for your silly little
Life spells to help you out too much in the Horror Show,
for example — unless the wraith running that particular
nightmare wants you to have a fighting chance.

Oh, incidentally, don't get killed in a dreamscape.
Bad things happen, very bad things, and even the Sandmen
can't control the nightmare you fall into. The wraiths call
them Harrowings, and frankly, they just suck

Don't ask me how it works. I've got no idea. I'm just
telling you what is.

Famous Dreamsc

There are four or five dreamsc

‘apes

pes that simply ev-
That
"ve actually been there, or even

erybody in the land of the dead knows about

doesn't mean that they
have the vaguest notion of what the place is like, but

rather that everyone knows the place's name and what

it's supposed to be like. Even I haven't seen them all, but

here are brief rundowns as to the popular rumors.

© The Horror Show: Trust me, you don't want to
be there. I've seen it and it's worse every time I go back
The Horror Show is a generic setting for all sorts of
nightmarish Pageants, with little sub-enclaves of weird-
ness. So you've got your brooding Gothic dungeon
here, your Lovecraftian backwoods town there, your
splattered urban hatescape over there — you name it
Even worse than the ambiance, though, are the inhab-
itants. There are Sandmen who've taken up permanent
residence, more or less, and spend their afterlives just
playing parts in nightmare after nightmare. They look
the part these days, too — you can hardly tell they were
human souls once.

© Amphitheatre of the Elders: Now this one, no-
body besides the Sandmen themselves has ever seen.
, it looks like the great theater at Athens, the
one they used for the Dionysiac festivals, but in perfect

Supposedl

repair. All the high muckety-mucks of the Sandmen use

it as a meeting point for private business, or so the rumor
goes. Very few Sandmen ever find their way to the
Amphitheatre, only the most deeply trusted

© The Boudoir: Yes, this is where they do those
dreams. Even the dead get a little.

. anxious sometimes,
and this is where the best Pageants to sate those wonder-
ful fleshly urges
audiences, mind you, the

take place. Most of these aren't for large

re more intimate performances

The heart of this little dreamscape is a romantic beach
where it's always sunset, the seagulls never crap on your
head, and the sand never gets into embarrassing places.
Plus, there's the requisite green meadows, over-deco-
rated bedrooms, crashing waterfalls and premade flower
leis for strategic placement. One end of the dreamscape


has a sunset, the other has a moonrise. Essentially, any
cornball romantic fantasy you can imagine has been
built into this particular patch of dreamscape by snicker-
ing Sandmen for the pleasure of the voyeuristic dead

* Kno

maze, a giant, cyclopean maz

le me. It's a

0:

Rumors of this place pu
, and the Sandmen have
d it with monsters. Yet it's not decorated like the
palace at Knossos, like any sane person would expect. No

stock

bulls, no giant columns, none of that is anywhere in

evidence. Instead, it's an endless maze loaded with

boojums, snarks and other unpleasant things, which the
Sandmen insist upon descending into repeatedly. I've no
idea of its purpose, but if you've ever had one of those
horrible dreams about being completely lost in a laby-

rinth with no w: n Knossos.

y out, you've probably se

Paradox

© The Mere: Changelings simply must have had some-
thing to do with this place. It's magical, and it's the only one
of these places that I enjoy dreaming of. Small compared to,
say, Knossos, the Mere is simply a pool in the midst of some

woods, It's always night there, with a full moon over the trees

and a tapestry of stars dotting the sky. The willowson the pond
banks are full and lush, and behind them is verdure. As for the
lake? Perfection. It's mirror smooth, and depending upon the
mood of the "author," either wreathed in milk-white mist or
perfectly reflective. I highly recommend you dream of it one
night when they're holding a ball upon its surface. Waltzing
with a queen 400 years dead whilst the mist wreaths your
ankles and the ghostly musicians play... you could do worse
So here it is. I've told you absolutely everything I know,

which isn't that much. Now you know it too. Pleasant dreams.

Realms

Madness in great ones must not unwatch'd go.
— William Shakespeare, Hamlet

When I think of Paradox Realms, I think of
those spiders that live under water within bubbles
of their own trapped air and spittle. Many such
Realms exist in the Deep Umbra, floating there
like blisters. Why anyone would want to go near
them is beyond me. Not to contradict myself, of
course, but that's what I do.

I study and docu-
ment Paradox Realms in the hope of someday better
understanding them, of freeing those already trapped within
them and finding a way for us to avoid Paradox altogether
My name is Alexandro Manuella and I head a Sons of
Ether team whose main goal is to better understand Paradox
through in-depth study of these Realms. We watch and
learn. From time to time, we have become actively involved
in a Realm, and sometimes even have managed to free the
mage trapped within, thus bursting the bubble and reliev-
ing the Tellurian of an irritation.

Each Realm must be
treated as a unique enigma to be solved. Herein lies the true
challenge of what we do. Preconception hold nosway here.

The cosmological causes, effects and locations or such
Realms have already been treated upon elsewhere in this

book. I have been asked to describe three Paradox Realms in

particular: the one that's been around the longest, the one
that's the biggest, and the one that's the baddest. Dozens
more, perhaps hundreds more exist, strung between the
Horizon and the Void like shimmering Christmas orna-
ments. For a while, perhaps as long as a month on so, Earth
time, the mage imprisoned in such a Realm may ponder the
actions he committed to bring him to this fate. If he does, the
Realm frees him and disappears; oddly enough, the victim
returns straight to Earth when this happens, although his
"trajectory" may land him in another part of the world. After

a relativ "ornaments" disen-

y short time, however, thes
tangle themselves from their Earthly connections and drift
away into space. The chances of returning from a Paradox
Realm after that occurs are slim indeed.

Rugnir's Crib

The first is Rungnit's Crib, the oldest Paradox Realm
we have recorded. Can you imagine the gaffe this Rungnir
must have committed in order to create a Paradox Realm
first discovered over 1,000 years ago and still going strong?
Theories have been flying for centuries, some plausible,
some totally ridiculous. What do we know? We know that
Rungnir was a Viking chieftain. The markings on his body
tell us that. We know that he was dealing with Life magick;
the nature of the Paradox tells us that. And we know that
he's never coming out. The look on his face tells us that.

sit isalso

This Paradox Realm is not only one of the olde:
one of the most intriguing. Because it's been around for so long,
we can gain insight into the way Paradox Realms change as time
passes. Rungnir's Crib has evolved over the centuries. An
account by itsdiscoverer indicates that it wasoncea large Realm,
vast enough for its discoverer to enter and walk around, while
Rungnir hung inside it. In recent decades, we have watched it
shrink down until it clings to Rungnir's body like a second skin.

Inside this Umbral amniotic sack that is his Realm,
Rungnir is conceived, grows, passes through infancy to old
age, dies, turns to a pile of dust and then is conceived again.
. Some Scienti

All of this occurs within a matter of days ts

believe that centuries of this have driven Rungnir mad.
Others don't agree, however; my colleagues and I think that
Rungnir's repeating life has merely confused him. He ex-
hibits no signs of insanity during any of his youth or adult
stages. He gives no outward indication that he's in pain or

that he cares about what's happening to him. Having been

Chapter Three: Enigmas 89

IDE

DD.

reborn time and again, his identity has conformed to the
Paradox. This is not the same as insanity. However, it also
means that he will never strive to break from the Realm in
which he is imprisoned. He does not learn throughout his
lifetimes. On the contrary, it would seem that his personal-
ity has been subverted, made malleable by the recurring
cycle of life. I believe he has forgotten his original life

Several of my colleagues have been working with him

on this. They take turns putting various stimuli before his
staring eyes. They stay with him from the moment he
experiences his "birth" to the moment he dies. Using items
and flash cards, they hope to rebuild his thought processes
and bring his consciousness back to life. They know this will
take some time, possibly thousands of his lifetimes, but their
ultimate goal remains: to return him to the point where he
will understand his predicament and make an attempt to

save himself. He's making progress; he smiled the other day

With luck, they will soon have him thinking

Entering the Realm is actually possible, though not
recommended. One Scientist, reaching out to touch
Rungnir, found his hand passing through the outer skin and
into Rungnir himself. Before he could cry out, the rest of his
body was nearly pulled in as well. One of his companions
managed to grab his leg and yank him back out. The
Scientist spent several months in a fetal position, sucking

his thumb and rocking himself back and forth. To this day,
he refuses to discuss his experience in Rungnit's Crib.

90 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

ee ee

Fleckman''s Folly

The largest Paradox Realm we've discovered to date is
Fleckman's Folly. It is located in the Umbra, near the San
Andreas Fault

brought it into existence when he used the Sphere of

A mage by the name of Theodore Fleckman

Entropy in an attempt to make California fall into the
ocean. He had purchased a ton of land on what would
become the new beach. Needless to say, he was insane long
before he ended up in his own personal hell

Fleckman's Folly is shaped like a sausage, 100.5 kilome:

terslongand | kilometers wide. Although it has shrunk

by an average of 15 square kilometers per year since its

creation in 1906, it's still a huge snag in the fabric of the
Tellurian. From outside, the Realm gives a panoramic view
of an arid landscape. A huge crevasse cuts along the length
of the land, parallel to the long axis of the Realm. To enter
the Realm, you merely step in at any point.

Once inside, a visitor immediately notices the change
from sedate landscape to cataclysmic danger zone. The ground
isinapermanentstate of flux; the land heavesand bucks. Large
chunks of stone and soil thrust forth from beneath the surface,
dislodging bouldersand sprays of dirt. It'sextremely difficult to
stand in Fleckman's Folly and even harder to get out alive.

one has ever seen him, although it's not inconceivable that he

Whether Fleckman isstill here or not remains unanswert

is buried somewhere in the layers of rock and dirt and that he
will someday come pushing up as the ground overturns itself


Amnesia

That brings us to the baddest of all Paradox Realms.
Even I will never set foot in this Realm. Two out of three
who did came back completely scrambled. We don't know
exactly how this Realm came into existence and we still
don't agree on its nature. Most of my peers believe that it
was formed when a mage misused the Sphere of Mind. I,
however, have reached a different conclusion.

Mages who end up here — and there have been a good
many, I can attest — suffer from a form of complete
amnesia. I've interviewed many people who either pur-
posely or inadvertently wandered into Amnesia and have
no recollection of who they are or why they are here. Some
have returned to Sleep, their Awakenings totally forgotten.
This fact alone tells me that Amnesia is not connected to
Mind Arts; simple Mind Effects cannot undo Awakening.

Furthermore, in-depth interviews with these survivors
have shown a pattern psychosis in which they believe
themselves to be someone other than who they are —
different career, different race, different sex. Their memo-
ries seem complete and well-constructed. Some of my
colleagues have suggested reincarnation might explain this
phenomenon, theorizing that the total loss of memory for
this lifetime has caused the mages' minds to seek back and

grasp onto the most recent lifetime that they do remember.

I disagree with this theory. I think this Paradox Realm
was formed by a combination of Spheres including two, orall,
of the following: Spirit, Correspondence, and/or Time. This
phenomenon, this combination of elements, rarely occurs in
a Paradox Realm. Or perhaps it would be more

accurate to
. In Amnesia, these

state that it is rarely diagnosed correctly
poor souls are yanked from their bodies and switched with
people from different times and different places. This has
serious implications for those amnesia sufferers out there in
adox Realm? Have
they been abducted from their everyday lives and placed in

the world. Are they also victims of this Pai

IN

a strange body in the middle of the Umbra?

No wonder most
of them go into shock the moment they begin to realize that
something has changed.

Mages who have come out of Amnesia with their lives
A

haziness hangs over everything, not quite a fog, but enough

and minds intact have described an odd, surrealistic plac

actly what is occurring.

to make it difficult to perceive

Colors melt together and converge to form a moving picture
People form in the colors, now dressed in business suits, now
dressed in military uniforms, now dressed in cowboy chaps
Here a horse and buggy drive by, followed by a blue Corvette

andablack Model T. $

into ranch houses. A witch burning at the stake changes,

mutates intoa girl ina red sequined dress, then she melts into
alittle boy inared wagon. No one of who exits Amnesia with
his memory intact can describe the Realm any better.

One bit of information recurs consistently across all the
varying descriptions of the Realm. All visitors describe
seeing an angel. They say that she floats above them, a halo
of golden hair upon her head, her gauzy white robes flowing
outaround her. They describe her wings as pure white, always
extended, and thick with feathers. We have named her
Amnasthai, from the Greek, and we believe her to be the

Realm's Paradox Spirit. Only one report exists of her appear-

ance outside her Realm. At that time, she descended upon a

mage, wrapped him in herarmsand carried him away into the

Umbra. We assume, now, that she brought him here.
Multitudes of other Paradox Realms exist; some con-

tinue, like the ones I've just described, long after their origins,

while most simply seal themselves up and float away into the

depths of the Deep Umbra. While we make what efforts we

can to free those imprisoned within the Realms, I caution all
readers to avoid the very phenomena which bringsuch places
into being. When you use magick, do so wisely and with good
intentions. The ravaged victims of Paradox I have met or
seen from afar are all the object lesson I need.

The Hollow World

Proponents of alternative realities are not
scientists and shouldn't try to be scientists —
they are artists and mythmakers for a con-
stantly changing culture, and should be
respected for their abilities as poets, shamans,
tricksters, and storytellers
—WalterKafton-Minkel, Subterranean Worlds

Publish orperish theysay inacademiccircles.
S! | suppose this qualifies? Well, no matter; the
important thing is to disseminate the information as widely as
possibleamong the Traditions. Wemaystill bein time—barely.

I name, of cours
but that hardly matters at this point. I hold several degrees from
prominent universities and am a fellow in a number of eminent

Lam Professor Geode. That isn't my re:

societies. Most importantly, lama geologist, an inveterate caver
(nota spelunker; those amateurs are always having to be rescued
bycavers!), anda member in good standing of the Sons of Ether.

Thave published in Paradigma and many other notable journals.

Those damnable dead-worlders of the Void Engineers
almost managed to wipe the place out once, closing off the
only known entries. They've been sniffing around again
now that other paths to the truth have been discovered, and
it's only a matter of time until they find the entrances to the
Inner Earth and start mapping it out of existence the way
they did outer space. We can't allow that to happen. Not
this time. The Inner Earth is far too important.

arth is

They've already convinced most people that the
nothing more than a molten core covered with miles of rock.

Chapter Three: Enigmas 91

IN

ID.WWH,


NO Ail

ZN

The Professor Speaks
The following is a transcription from a taped
journal-entry. Professor Geode kindly consented to

an intetview but regretted that writing everything
out would take far too, much precious research time.
nso, | think him for his insights and can only

hope that someday I manage to make it to this
fantastic world he describes.

Brief Note: My collaborator and_ co-editor
Dindaine has theorized that the Hollow Earth is, in
fact, the Shade Realm of Matter. Going by, the
"alternative Umbra" thesis that Professor Geode pro-
fesses, I think she may have a point. There certainly
seems to be aconnection between the two; ifnothing
else, we may assume that portals link both Realms
together, Were either of them once part of our Earth
[think it's likely. Perhaps the Professor will someday
provide the necessary link that helps us to understand
their interconnection.

But maybe that'd take all the fun out of it

They

and to formulate theories of plate tectonics. But the Hollow

"ve used their instruments to measure it, assay its contents

Earth isa true and verifiable fact. That pale imitation Horizon
Realm masquerading as the Inner Earth may have been
intended to salvage what we could when the Void Engineers
succeeded in closing the polar openings for a time, but hardly
holdsacandle to the real thing. Like the better-known Umbra
of Earth, which overlays the physical reality of the planet and

atmosphere itself, the Hollow Earth is an Inner Umbra, which
overlaps the material substance of the Earth's interior, occupy-
ing the same space, but accessible only to those whose
world-view can encompass such a vision. Imagine! A whole
new Umbra inside the Earth, and we may be the first to
recognize it as such. That has become my life's work, you see.

You may believe me when I say thatthe World Wide Web
has nothing on the web of tunnels, roadways, caverns and
Earth. Many lead

~ those are the exciting

passages to be found under the surface of the

nowhere, of course. But the others

ones, and they lead to worlds you can barely imagine.

Before I continue any further, let me assure you that I
have thoroughly checked the seals within and without my
laboratory, which is lined with successive layers of steel,
concrete, lead, glass and aluminum to ensure that the
thought rays of the dero will not penetrate. The dero? I shall
explain about them in due time.

Entering Inner Earth

I've often thought Lewis Carroll had the right of it.
While it seems as though crossing the Gauntlet into the
High Umbra isa matter of will and skill, the Inner Earth can
apparently be entered by any fool who happens to fall
through the correct hole. By this, mean to say that physical

92 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

entry into the Hollow Earth is not only possible but, in fact,
more likely than a spirit crossing. The Gauntlet separating
the Outer Earth from its Inner Umbra is frightfully thin in
places, more like a Nebulous Curtain than an actual barrier
This phenomenon exists, no doubt, because of the

persistence of rumors and first-hand experiences among

many of the un-Awakened. Notall the stories of lost worlds,
secret underground alien strongholds or encounters with
elder races come from the annals of our Tradition. Many are
verified by so-called "crack-pots" and science fiction writ-
ers who have achieved some sort of contact with denizens
of the Inner Earth.

I digress from my original intention of enumerating the
ingthe Inner Earth. Let me begin anew.

rious methods for ent

First, and most importantly, you must understand that
the Inner or Hollow Earth is not a singular Realm that can be

reached through a particular mode of travel. It is a whol

Umbra. While many places within that Umbra share certain
characteristics, most are as diverse and amazing as the rest of
the Tellurian. Like Dr. Who's TARDIS, what's inside is
bigger than what'son the outside, and only a fool would claim
toknow more thana tiny corner of that vast region —oreven
most of the entrances to it. Further, the portals that lead to
alk
ing thata slightly different perspec-

the Inner Earth are never obvious; most people simply v

around them, never real

tive would allow them to walk through, giving them entry into
a most wondrous Realm beneath their feet.

Those who aspire to enter the Inner Umbra may avail
themselves of either physical or non-physical routes. Both the
north and south poles still retain their ethereal connection to
the Inner Earth — the so-called "holes at the poles" — despite

persistent attempts to transform them out of existence:

Relying on compassesand such instrumentation is, of course,
useless, though Ether goggles work smashingly for showing
the true route into the interior. Certain volcanoes and
underwater passageways also provide access, although they
One of the most

present unique navigational challenge:

unusual entries is through the sub-basement of a building in
New York City, accessible
Those pushing the correct combination of buttons bypass the

ynly through a certain elevator

basement, exiting deep within a cavern that leads downward
into Inner Earth. That route is not recommended, however,

as it passes quite close to a dero lair.

From my own experience, however, traversing the vast
Earth

system of tunnels that lies beneath the surface of the
provides the surest means of penetrating the Nebulous Curtain

and gaining entry to the Inner Realms. These once stretched
in an unbroken series from China through India and up into
Europe, under the oceans, up the length of South America and
on into Canada. Various shiftings of earth, due to earthquakes
and the birth of new volcanoes, have broken the ancient

tunnels into pieces, sealing off many of the doorways. It is no

longer possible to enter the warren in Asia and emerge in
America, though by traveling through an Inner Earth Realm


to another tunnel opening, such a journey is feasible — and
may be quicker, as distances are not always the same inside as
they are outside. In the end, it is all a matter of choosing the
correct route to lead you where you want to go.

For example, one entrance through the north pole leads
toa pangaeanic paradise of dinosaurs, mammoths and jungle
growth that we have catalogued as Biotopia, or Lost World
No. 3. Taking another direction leads to the forgotten land
of Eden where a race of enlightened giants dwells at the
crossing of four great rivers. The south pole entryway trans-
ports a traveler to Rainbow City, a highly evolved outpost of
Agharta, which is itself, another inner Realm. Agharta was
oncea Utopian land inhabited by the mystickal Goro monks,
and has been chronicled by Joe "Lucky Skunk" Ross, who
popularized the exploits of Doc Eon and his Terrific Trio.
The roads to Agharta include an entry through the north

pole, a deep cavern system in Tibet and an ancient under-
ground road

ay in Peru. Though no one has visited that
Realm since the end of World War Il, it is generally believed
that several prominent Nazi scientists escaped to Agharta
and set up secret laboratories and factories there designed to
bring about the Fourth Reich in the near future. We can only
hope that the mystickal Mind magick of the Goro monks is
able to keep them in check long enough for us to reestablish
communications with the Realm.

The Arianni, Atlanteans and Lemurians who live in
various communities within the Hollow Earth may also offer
ce dwellers have
lumped into a category referred to as UFOs. The more
gullible Sleepers may believe they have been taken to Mars
or Venus, but in actuality, they've never really left the Earth.

travelers rides in their craft, which surfa

As can be seen from these examples, those wishing to
travel underground physically should eitherknow where they're
going or be willing to take their chances in the name of True
Science and exploration. There are, of course, other ways.

For the more traditional among us, the Nebulous
Curtain can be crossed utilizing those Spheres we employ to
cross the other Gauntlet. This apparently has the same
effect as when used in the Outer Umbra, transforming us
and visiting
lly exciting
transport into the Hollow Earth, however, is via Innercraft.

into spirit (as opposed to falling through hole
the place in the flesh, as it were). The re

Based on some of the same technology as our Etherships,
the Innercraft travels through the ether that permeates the
Inner Earth. Crossing the Nebulous Curtain, the Innercraft
travels through and is fueled by the radiant energy gener-
ated by the interior sun

The Inner Realms

Although I have devoted my life to the exploration of
the Inner Umbra, my knowledge of the myriad Realms that
lie beyond the Nebulous Curtain is far from exhaustive.
The following excerpts from my travel journal detail three
of the Realms I have visited personally.

NY

Zn

One factor is common to all the inner worlds: the
interior sun, which is called the "Smoky God" by some of
the inhabitants of the Earth's inner Realms. This sun is not
always visible as a ball of energy. In some areas, it is
perceived only as a strange luminescence that lends light
and heat to the inner world; in others, it rises and falls (or
seems to) just as the exterior sun does. Ina few, the interior
sun is alw

ys visible in the sky, bathing the whole Realm in
a never-ending noontime glow.

My travels have not been extensive enough as yet for me to

HL SX_

determine whether each of the Realms occupies its own little
niche (such as is found in other Umbral Realms), whether they
are partofacontinuous, though divided, whole that overlays the
inner surface of the Earth (as if adhering to the underside of the

rockstrata), or ifeach constitutes a sort of orbiting planet set into
the ether which surrounds the interior sun. | do know that
gravity works differently in different Realms, and it's best to
know which Realm you are in before you attempt to leap down
and end up throwing yourself into the sun!

Biotopia (Lost World
No. 3)

The extravagance of thi:

3denic Realm immediately

assaults all the senses upon one's emergence into what can
only be described as "paradise." The word "green" hardly
begins to describe the thousand gradations of verdant color
present in the thick, all-enveloping foliage. Here and there,
bright swatches of purple, yellow, crimson and blue threaten
to overload eyes just beginning to adjust to the startling
realization that the outer world pales in comparison to this

inner cornucopia of color.

The air here is moist and fragrant with the odor of
living matter: the aromatic bouquet of floral and herbal
essences, the tangy musk of the animal denizens, the thick,

almost tangible smell of unpolluted soil and the redolence

of natural entropic decay. Permeating all is a freshness that
remains untainted by the reek of exhaust fumes or chemical
contamination. The temperature is pleasant, remaining

around 75 degrees year round, though the rainy season lasts
for four months and soaks everything thoroughly.

At first, all seems quiet. The noises associated with the

hustle and bustle of the modern world are, thankfully, absent
from this Realm. But the silence is only a mask for the true
symphonic display of sounds that form a constant accompani-
ment to travels in Biotopia. The call of the dinosaur, the
trumpet of the woolly mammoth, the predatory shriek of the
prehistoric

aptor, all punctuate the steady drone of the insects
and smaller avians who populate this grandest of jungles.

Dangers lurk here as well as beauty, of coursestteould,
hardly be otherwise in what is basically a prehistoric pre-
serve, though one with more modern flora and fauna
intermixed with earlier species. One of the tallest ferns
covered with hair-fine fronds that can cut like a knife, and

Chapter Three: Enigmas

"4

AES

NG Ail

the loveliest black and purple orchid exudes a poisonous

sort of pollen (for lack of a better term) that can blind or
choke someone unwary enough to smell it. Distant rum-
blings and deep red clouds against the sky tell of the unrest
of Borotoku, a not-quite-extinct volcano that dominates
the landscape. Brilliant blue butterflies with wings that
reach three feet across share the skies with frightful fanged
pterosaurs whose wingspans can reach 50 feet. Lovely
proto-horses gallop through the open grassy parts of the
Realm while apeaceful, plant-eating camptosaurus is grasped
and ripped apart by a24-foot-tall, sword-toothed allosaurus.

Though the dinosaurs are the most impressive danger
in Biotopia, the native tribes that inhabit this Realm pose
their own menace to travelers unused to dealing with
societies whose customs and mores differ vastly from mod-
ern surface society. Just as now-extinct creatures have
found ahaven in Biotopia, cultures which have passed from

€ rth seem to thrive in its fertile

istence upon the

embrace. It is almost as if the Realm has extended an

invitation to all those forgotten and "lost" societies whose
grandeur preceded our own and which, shamefully to say,
have been destroyed by the greed of Technocratic exploit-
ers. Either that, or else Biotopia is, in fact, the seed from
which surface life germinated

Background

The creation stories of many ancient cultures begin with

the s rth's surface

ga of how their people arrived upon the

after a journey from deep within its inner core, crawling from

arth to claim the outer world as their

the womb of Mother
birthright. Many of those who refused to leave their primal
home and insisted on remaining behind became transformed
into monstrous parodies of their true selves, warped by the
convulsive "birth pangs" of the Earth. When, later, the de-
feated remnants of those noble peoples who'd traveled
surfaceward retreated froma world thatno longerallowed their
existence, they found themselves confronted by the now-
savage descendants of theirancestors. Thus, despite the diverse
outer trappings which speak of a plethora of bygone cultures,
there now exist within Biotopia two main groups of intelligent
beings: the Ogoni, those who neverleftand whodevolved into
cannibalistic savages, and the Wybassa, those who returned to
their first home after their cultures were destroyed. This state
of affairs has transformed Biotopia into a battleground be-
tween two fundamentally opposed ways of life.

Places of Interest

* The Modassai (Mother of Jungles)

The Wybassa name for Biotopia is Modassai ot "Mother
of Jungles." It is an apt description of this enormous rain
forest. Like its Earthly counterparts, this jungle runs thickest
along river courses and hunting trails, which are the only two
means of travel within the forest itself. Within the jungle,

94 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of World:

pF" CF"

several layers of canopy overlap, as tall trees eclipse smaller
trees and are themselves topped by yet taller species. Lianas,
mosses, trellis plants and the like encircle the massive tree
trunks and string together the lower canopy like giant spider
webs. This is the home of the great cats and the smaller
reptiles, the birds and insects, the apes and the rodents. The
dinosaurs rarely come here, though several tribes of Wybassa
and Ogoni have staked claim to aerial homes in the middle
and lower canopies, where they have carved out game trails,

Inside the encircling jungle, the heavy foliage thins out

and travel at ground level is possible, as relatively few plants

except for giant fungi thrive in the deep twilight. Most
intelligent creatures avoid the jungle floor, however; traveling
along it invites attack from hidden enemies above. Some few
drops of rain penetrate the leaves; the sunlight rarely does.
* The Valle
The Valley of the Dinosaurs is really a misnomer,
somewhat akin to calling Kansas a farm. The area is actually

of Dinosaurs

a vast bowllike plain with tall grasses, rolling hills and
stands of tall trees. The plain is cut by two major rivers,
which flow from a mountainous area of the nearby great
rainforest and from a series of stark cliffs which border the
valley to the north. Also, the Valley of Dinosaurs features
a large swamp and the awesome, singular presence of
Borotoku, the Smoking Mountain. This vast area, which
eventually slopes down to a calm, glassy sea, is the home of
numerousdinosaurs, mammoths and prehistoric water crea-
tures. The dinosaurs, some of which reach 90 feet in length,
are the lords of the valley

Travel across this region requires extreme caution. The
terrain itself poses physical obstacles, though it remains far
easier to negotiate than the Modassai. The chief dangers arise
from attracting the attention of the valley's predatory beasts

orstraying into the path of one of the larger herbivores (many
of whom do not notice the pesky squirming "lump" beneath
their massive feet). Stampedes also pose a threat to travelers
in parts of the valley inhabited by herd animals, while
attempts to navigate the rivers often lead to unfortunate
encounters with plesiosaurs and oversized river serpents.

© The Smoking Mountain

Borotoku rises over 6,000 feet from the plains which
form the Valley of Dinosaurs. The volcano, which the
natives call "the Angry One," is a huge cone of deepest
black, zigzagged with streaks of red lava. A deep crimson
glow lights the sky around the volcano, which frequently
belches forth clouds of deadly black smoke, cinders and ash.
Stories abound of Ogoni sacrifices to their "mountain
king," and range from the usual tales of captives cast into
the burning caldera to unfortunates being staked out and
burned alive piece by piece. In the latter case, the heads are
said to be preserved and thrown into the volcano as the
offering the "god" desires. No one has verified the stories, to
my knowledge.


* Village of the Fisherfolk

One group of Wybassa live along the banks of the
Kokoniwaba, "the Great Serpent River," which snakes its way
through mile upon mile of the Modassai. The Kokoni, or
Serpent Folk, live on the bounty provided by the river. Their

few crops are nourished when the river floods nutrients into

the soil. The Kokoni initially appear to be quite frightening,
for they are a serpent-headed people. While they have hair
(which they dress elaborately, somewhat like ancient Egyp-
tians), their skin is made up of tiny scales like those of
serpents. Additionally, their eyes are slitted like those of
snakes and include a nictitating membrane. Most discon-
certing is the length of their split tongues, which they use to
display certain emotions or to clarify the meaning of their

speech to one another

They found my lack of such an

appends

ge a great disadvantage in comprehending whatever
I tried to say to them. They speak some few surface languages,

but with a lisping accent which renders their speech almost

incomprehensible to the uninitiated

The Kokoni use spears and nets to capture fish, turtles
and river fowl. Turtle shells become their bowls, small
implements and jewelry, feathers serve as decoration and as
filler for their mattresses, and river plants provide them with
pulp which they beat into a kind of felt for their clothing
Men and women share all duties, with each taking turns
hunting, farming, fishing, crafting and caring for children
Their society is built on mutual trust and community. Lying,

cheating and stealing are seen as terrible acts against the best
interests of the tribe as a whole, and Kokoni who en;

such behavior are either exiled or killed.

The Kokoni revere river snakes, though the reptiles are
quite poisonous, and keep many within their homes —
woven reed shelters they build along the river bank. These
folk brew deadly poisons, which they use to tip their spears
when they hunt big game or fight enemies. Ifa tribe member
isbitten by one of the river snakes, it is because she is zankoru
(unclean). If she recovers, she has repented; if not, she
needed to return to the serpent father to renew her spirit.

They make no antidote for the snake's venom and consider
the idea of doing so repulsive. Yearly festivals in honor of the
serpent are held, with dancing and singing followed by days

of feasting. During the rainy season, the Kokoni move their

belongings onto platforms built up in the trees and drop nets
and fishing lines into the water below. They keep canoes in
the upper branches of the trees, using them only when the
flood waters make travel on foot impossible

* Caves of the Misshapen

Overlooking the Valley of Dinosaurs stands an escarp-

ment honeycombed with caves. The Pokotan, one tribe of
fe)

ni, make their homes here. Some of the largest caves
reach far inside the cliff and lead to underground water
While surprisingly dry and inviting as dwellings, these
caves are extremely hazardous to those who live inside

them. Though they seem to offer the perfect haven for the

Chapter Three: Enigmas

IDE

D.WwH

I

lS

NG Ail

savage Ogoni, in fact the cave walls emit toxic levels of
radioactive materials. The tribe has undergone massive mu-
tations, resultingin terrible deformities, depressed intelligence
and heightened aggressiveness. Whether they jealously seek
to make all others like themselves, or whether they believe
that warping others is some sort of holy duty is not known. In
either case, the Pokotan kidnap and torture outsiders, twist-
ing them into deformed shapes akin to their own. Such
torments include breaking bones, hacking off limbs and

other gruesome practices, that often twist the captives' minds

as well. Once such captives are sufficiently changed, they are
bred into members of the tribe (assuming they survive the
initial torture) or sacrificed to the Pokotani gods.

Ecology

Biotopia exhibits a complex ecosystem made possible

only by the constant presence of the never-setting inner
sun. Biotopia's moisture-laden atmosphere combines with
the constant heat generated by Borotoku and the many
thermal pools to create a hothouse environment in which
plants attain extraordinary size. This provides both abun-
dant food and suitable habitats for the many herbivorous
species, including dinosaurs and other creatures now ex-
tinct upon the surface. The plant-eating animals, in turn,
supply meatand carrion for predatory animalsand the tribal
peoples who make this Realm their home.
Though the dinosaurs most often remain in their valley

asionally make forays into the jungles in
ally tasty plants. Such incur-

home, they occ:

search of easier prey or especi:

sions sometimes lead to misfortune for tribespeople. A
hungry brachiosaurus may destroy entire villages while
plodding toward some tantalizing growth of greenery, while
an allosaurus which finds its way into the forest might
savage a hunting party unlucky enough to discover it and
make the fatal mistake of running.

Although the vegetation of Biotopia seems to occupy
the lowest rung of the food chain, this classification is not
uch great size in this fertile
such as the Venus Fly Trap
can present a very real danger to both animals and human-
oids that come within their reach. On the positive side,

altogether true. Plants achieve

land that carnivorous specie:

hundreds of natural medicines abound within the Realm,
merely waiting to be harvested.

The Hidden World
(a.k.a. the Dero Lairs)

Doc Eon, in his travels through Agharta, became aware
ofarace called the dero. He thought they were robotic slaves
to Hitler's Third Reich, little realizing the true peril they
represented. In actuality, | maintain that they were often in
control of Hitler's minions. Their plans for the people of
Earth are sinister in the extreme.

96 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

Unlike Biotopia, the Hidden World does not seem out of
place inside the Earth. In fact, its natural cave formations
constitute one of the chief dangers in traveling the network of
tunnels beneath the surface. You might be caving and come
upon adeepershaft than would normally seem possible, or swim
into an underwater cavern and emerge into a dry area which led
onward and downward. You might even fall down an old well
and end up traversing the dero caves. Many of the old silver
mines in the western United States lead into the dero com-
es, as did the Lost Dutchman Mine. Emerald workings in

ple

Venezuela twist deeper and deeper beneath the surface, eventu-
ally encountering the dero caverns as well. One credible source
claims that the caves at Lascaux in France have been opened to

thederoby mind-controlledarchaeologists. |havenodoubt that

governmental underground shelters in many areas are little
more than fronts for nefarious dero activity.

The dero lairs are a series of interconnected caves and
caverns that could plausibly exist, were it not that they
remain dry and level most of the time. All really deep caves
are solution caves, or those made by water seeking its lowest
level. The water carves out passageways through limestone,
sandstone or other porous rock and forms a series of passage-
ways and rooms that slope, cut off abruptly, twist, turn,
become narrow as a needle, or squeeze down into cramped,
lly all
caves are wet, or at least damp. These aren't. The sound of

inches-high crawlspaces. If that weren't enough, liters

water dripping, an almost constant background sound found
in any large cave system, is absent. Nor are such caves dark,

Were they shored up, the caves of the Hidden World
would look like mine shafts; instead, they look as though they
were carved out of sheer rock by some sort of laser that squared
off the corners and polished the walls toa glinting smoothness.
These intersect with obviously natural caves that were consid-
ered large enough to leave "as is." Natural phenomena, such as
particularly large stalactites, stalagmites and interesting rock
formations, have been left as well, creating oases of art within
the otherwise sterile-looking tunnels.

Rather than being cold, as caverns away from the
equator should be, these caves maintain a temperature a
little over 65 degrees. No plausible explanation accounts
for the light which illumines all sections of the caves
equally; it seems to be a luminescent quality of the air itself.
And that air is fresh, as if just pumped in from the surface,
rather than stagnant air trapped miles underground.

Within these eerie tunnels live two dwarflike races

known as the dero and the tero. The word dero is short for

"detrimental robots," while tero refers to "integrative ro-
bots." Though referred to as robots, they are not mechanical
beings, but races who were once under the telepathic
control of beings known as Titans. Because they thus lacked

free will, they were termed "robot" races. At least, that's

what poor deluded Richard Shaver believed when he

chronicled his dealings with the dero in Amazing Stories


ND, <

Background

According to dero mythology, the Earth was once
populated by beings from a distant planet, called Titans, or
more commonly, Atlans, in honor of their first home on
Earth. These beings lived thousands of years and possessed
sophisticated technology that humans could only dream
about. Using genetic engineering, they bred new races to
serve them, including those who became our ancestors. The

Titans could travel at the speed of light in their space craft

and control others' thoughts using a telaug or telepathic
augmentor. After living on Earth for some time, however,
they discovered that the sun had begun emitting radioac-
tive rays that were deadly to them. They went underground,
but couldn't escape the effects even there. Finally, they left
Because there was not enough room on their craft, the robot
races were left behind. Our ancestors found a way to live on
the surface, but many others stayed in the caves

A large number of these peoples, angered by their
abandonment and warped by the poisonous rays, became
psychotic and extremely jealous of the surface dwellers.
Using the machines and devices left behind by the Titans,
these dero began tormenting humankind. Their machines
produce rays that can cause mass hallucinations, create
illusions, instill hypnotic compulsions and even kill at a
distance. I believe many of the greatest ills besetting hu-
mankind (wars, mass murders, terrible air crashes, and
famines) are really the work of the dero and their terrible

o

mind control devices. Despite their love of tormenting foes
at a distance, the deros' greatest pleasure is to capture
surface dwellers and spend years tormenting them with
hallucinations, tortures and mind control. Captives are
used by the dero as laborers and sex slaves as well.

The tero are few in number, and completely oppose the
dero. Though they have access to only a few of their
creators' devices, they use them to locate dero lairs, inter-
nst the

fere with the deros' plans, and warn humans a
terrible threat which lies right beneath their feet. Unfortu-
nately, it is not possible to tell simply from looking (or even
1 short conversation) whether one speaks toa dero ora tero.
The dero are extremely clever and can trick others into
doing their work for them

Most of the above is true. One small detail, however,
changes the entire story. There never were any Titans.
May all the powers that be forgive us, the Sons of Ether
created the dero. Long before we abandoned the Tech-
nocracy, we found the inner Umbra and used its freedom
from Paradox to "play God" in the name of advanced
Science, creating servants to ease the burdens of human-
kind. The devices the dero now have are constructed from

plans and designs we were forced to leave behind when our

creations rebelled and began slaughtering us. Only a few,
the tero, remained loyal. Though they did not attack us,
they didn't help either — at least not directly. The attack
was swift and deadly. Once we had been routed from their

Chapter Three: Enigmas 97

lI

DN teal

lairs, the dero used their relative immunity from Paradox to
strike at us, savaging Sleeper and Awakened alike with
their hallucinations and thought rays. We abandoned our

plans to retake the lairs, hoping this would deflect their
anger, and it has lessened the number of attacks. They still
exist, though. Pity the poor fool who falls into their clutches.

Most frightening of all, | have heard a disturbing
rumor. An impeccable source tells me that the dero may
have Awakened. If that is so, we must mount an effort now
to wipe them out or contain their danger. If given time to
develop, they will surely do the same to us

The Storehouse of Scientific
Experimentation

Somewhere within the vast network of tunnels lies
a hidden cache of tools, weapons, ships, amazing inven-
tions, ray guns, thought transference equipment and
other such wonders designed and created by our Tradi-
tion. Huge amounts of Tass have been worked into many
of the Devices, and some few have the capacity to
counter magick. Plans and blueprints for hundreds more
also lie within the vaults. What Scientist wouldn't covet
such a treasure hoard? More than simple greed for our
lost treasures must motivate us now, however. We must
recover everything, lest it be turned against the surface
and our world annihilated. If your book can convince
even a few of our fellow magi of the terrible danger I
describe, Dr. Hastings, you will be hailed as the saviors of
humankind

Do forgive me. I tend to become quite excited con-
cerning the dero. It is imperative that you believe me, you
see. You mustn't think me mad. That would be falling
right into their trap. Well, enough about that. On to the
third world — one holding out great hope that we may
find answers to the dero menace

Rainbow City

While Agharta seems to have fallen into the clutches
of the Nazis, one of its outposts (or perhaps an allied city;
it isn't always clear where the borders are drawn) holds

aloft the beacon of enlightenment and esoteric knowl-

edge. Upon traversing the tunnels which lead down from
the south pole, one can enter an enormous cavern with
a burning sun in its center. Within the cavern, a river of
light leads to a shining citadel that glows with all the
colors of the rainbow. Suspended in the air about a mile
above the cavern floor, the great crystal-clear city turns
in place, presenting different facets of itself as it re-
volves. Glittering towers and stately domes vie for
attention alongside glowing palaces and sparkling foun-
tains. White and crimson birds circle the spires and
clouds suffused with golden light drift over the buildings,
alternately highlighting and shadowing them. There

98 Beyond the Barrier: The Book of Worlds

a

appears to be no way up to the city short of flight. Those
who try flying (either magickally or in ships),
teleportation, or other types of easy travel are doomed to
disappointment. It simply doesn't work.

In actuality, a transparent stairway twines upward
from the ground to the city gates, but it remains invis-
ible unless a seeker travels directly under the city in

search of it. The ascent itself is dizzying, and the clear

stairs cause most climbers anxiety. The stairway serves
as a barrier or gauntlet, a test of resourcefulness, cour-
age and resolve for those who seek the wisdom of the
Hidden Masters. It is said that only those who bear no
malice toward the city or its denizens can reach the top
of that slender stairway.

Climbing Invisible Stairs

Allwhoclimb thest /
tolls (target 7) twice
place

‘airs must make Willpower
oe during the climb or freeze in
FN error. Those who are actively afraid of
ights hav yet aa
rat ve a target of 9. Those who succeed in

olls can help comrades who hi
talking to them

inspiring

ave frozen by
them, in effect
Storytellers should

and reassuring
He them with courage
‘cel free to add otk ;

add other obstacles to i
th a the stairway, like
darkened portions where Rlchet

characters mi

ee ust feel the
ay along, guardians who questi rd
the s fe

Ts and attempt to remov
approve of, airborne att
who somehow defe:
others from flying
that could

ons travelers on
e those they don't
ackers from other Realms
at whatever device ;
near the city, or
add excitement to the

Prevents
anything else
climb.

At the top, the city gates open to reveal a crystal-
line city filled with light, laughter, music and dancing.
Passersby offer luscious fruits and sparkling drinks, and
the smell of incense permeates the air. Many of the
women adorn their ankles with tiny bells, and all the
inhabitants wear bright, colorful and attractive cloth-
ing decorated with gold and silver threads, fine
needlework and intricate designs — sort of a cross
between the Arabian Nights and Mandarin Chinese.
Rooms — indeed whole palaces — stand empty, await-

ing whatever occupant chooses to claim them. Free
food, clothing, jewelry and all the necessities of life
stand close at hand, ready to be used.

Background

When the world began to change in response to the
Technomancers' victory, many masters of magick sought
, their

a refuge where they could hide their boo!
magickal workings and themselves. They looked within


and found the Rainbow City, where Hidden Masters
had dwelt since time began. It is unknown whether the
Hidden Masters are, in fact, the last remaining Pure
Ones or just extremely long-lived sorcerers. Known as
the Keepers of Ancient Knowledge, they claim alliance
with the Goro monks of Agharta, yet make no move to

ist that Realm in throwing off its Nazi invaders.
Some claim that this Realm is actually Shamballah,
and that the masters are Atlanteans or Lemurians who
survived the catastrophes that destroyed those lands.
Others say the Rainbow City is not a city at all, but a
hallucinatory Umbral Realm ruled by powerful Umbrood
who take human form because it suits them to do so.
When necessary, the city simply fades from view, either
becoming totally invisible to all senses and magickal
searching, or entering some other dimension or hidden
Horizon Realm of its own.

The Library of Arcane Knowledge

Among the beauties and wonders of the city, the Library
of Arcane Knowledge stands out both for its purity of form
and its purpose. A great crystalline block with no apparent
entrances, this place supposedly serves as the repository ofall
past or future. All magickal workings,

human knowledge
all inventions, all philosophy, science, poetry, literature -

inshort, everything thatthe human race ever thoughtorever
will think can be found inside the library. Orso they say. The
Hidden Masters grant users the right to the knowledge

contained therein — or refuse such requests. No explana-
tions are ever given for their decisions, nor is there any appeal
seeker can ask again

if the request is refused. Occasionally,

later, once she has progressed in her understanding, and be

allowed the knowledge she was denied before:

Thank you. I believe your tape has run out, and I really
must get back to work.

Chapter Three: Enigmas 99

QY


LtLL) D \
7 Pau CHiPs 1996
Cc:

A

5


_ Chapter Four:
Realms of

Interest

People see things as they are and ask why. I

dream of things that never were and ask why not

George Bernard Shaw

HorizonRealms

I suppose there are a few of you out there
whoare going to insist upon trying to visit the
fortresses your fellow mages have set up and
like to call Chantries

Very well. Some of

them are actually lots of fun to visit. The first

thing I ought to do for you is try to explain

how the Florkzon. works: Lecssee... youccan
think of the Horizon as the skin of the Neat
BE] Umbra, if you'd like. A membrane between
the Near Umbraand the Deep Umbra, keeping outall of the

foreign particles just waiting to infect us.

ibout there,
because the Horizon does far more than just protect us

Well, the analogy breaks down right

from the predations of Deep Umbral critters. The Horizon
also makes a wonderful neighborhood for Umbral
Chantries, and everyone who's anyone wants to move in
You see, here in the Horizon, you can build your very own
dream Chantry. Wanta world where water routinely flows
uphill? Or perhaps a world in which the pink rays of the
two suns shine down on yellow and purple polka-dotted
grass? Tacky, I'll admit, but easy enough to do. A Horizon
Realm is a custom-built reality, as opposed to the sponta-
neously created realities of other types of Realms. Most
mages create Chantries that conform perfectly to their

own world view and magickal (or Scientific) theories,

making them wonderful places to study and experiment

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest 101

Se

7

(dda,

NG Ail

Establishing a Horizon Realm

Building such a Realm requires tremendous amounts of
skill, patience, luck, power and Quintessence. Through a

monumental effort, which may take days or even weeks, the
creators tear a small "pocket" in reality, feed it Prime juice,
seal it back up, then set the wheels of evolution turning insid

the pocket. A tie orseries of ties from various Nodes keeps the
Quintessence flowing into the Realm while the construction
team works inside the Realm, establishing its geography,
resources, limitations, and overall appeal. In time, they
usually shunt buildings, people and livestock into the Realm
through portals built for that purpose, which are sealed after
all the major "shipments" are through. A couple of portals are
left open for travel (you wouldn't want to be sealed up in your
own reality for all eternity would you? Talk about a Quiet
attack!), and various protections are set up around the Nodes

and portals. The whole process can take anywhere from afew

days (for a really tiny Realm) to years or even decades (like
Horizon Chantry itself, or Autocthonia).

Whoever sets up a Horizon Realm make the rules;
reality
during the
everyone has to abide by the laws of the Realm, by the "set"

and the means to change it — are established

"blueprint" stage. Once everything's in motion,

the creators give the local reality. If a bunch of nature-
mysticks, like Verbena, establish a Horizon Realm, you can bet
the Virtual Adept's computer won't behave the way it should
there. Other forms of magick, Science, technomagick or
whatever (hey, they're
but those forms which don't fit the local reality set will be

II the same thing, after all!) will work,

vulgar, as they say, and will be harder and riskier to perform

These creators must also attach their Horizon Realms
to Nodes and Chantries on Earth to provide them with
cut seal up within themselves and literally cease to exist
This happened to a lot of Chantries and Technocracy

Constructs in Russia about two years ago, and lots of
people died in a pretty hideous way. Well, nobody's quite
sure whether it was hideous or not, but I can think of
better ways to go, personally.

Entering and Exiting

Generally, youcan only entera Horizon Realm through
a portal (often on Earth), which is nearly always well-

guarded. They have to be, you know, because each one of
these portals is like a gaping wound in the skin of the
Horizon, beckoning a noxious Nephandi or mutilating

posed Near Umbra.

Marauder to come and feast on the ex

To say nothing of letting some stranger in to mess with your
little world. Horizon Realms with direct access to the
Horizon itself are even rarer and better guarded.

Portals form wormholes in space — shortcuts that
allow you to cross an enormous distance in very little time.
Entering a portal can be as simple or as complicated as the
builders want it to be. P've been to tiny labs that were

connected to doorways on Earth; step through, and there
you are! The hidden entrances to Horizon Chantry itself
contain so many locks, correspondences, codes, guardians
and traps that Houdini himself couldn't get in or out
Most Realms have powerful wards, sentinels, or both;
lots of them have access codes, rituals, tests, ordeals, lunar
cycles or other conditions which must be met before a
visitor can step through on either side. Literally anything

‘ould

regulate the openings and closings of Horizon

you can imagine — and lots of things few of you

imagine
portals. After all, she who owns the keys owns the castle!

That concluded, there's little for me to do but turn you
over to our panel of experts. They will be describing some
of the most prominent Horizon Realms, including Victoria

Station (one of my favorites — no bias there!) So, pull out

your Ether Goggles and your glow-stick, and read on!

Autocthonia

By degrees — it is happening year by year,

appliance by appliance — we are wiring our-
selves to a gigantic hive

— Sven Birkerts, The Gutenberg Elegies

This place is incredible.

Autocthonia isa futuristic "arcology," as
envisioned by contemporary architect Paolo

ed

community encompassed entirely within a

Soleri: essentially, a self-sufficient, city-

single structure. In this case, that structure isa space station
10 miles in diameter. To hundreds of Kamrad
Technomancers, cyborgs and artificial constructs, it serves
as both place of employment and residence. The rest of
Iteration X considers it a logical replacement for heaven

102 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

This massive Realm/Construct exists in the Deep Uni-
arth. It appears to

verse, orbiting the sun directly opposite
bea polished chrome sphere, but is, in fact, a polyhedron. At
most recent count, it has 4,294,967,200 sides. Set into the
surface are solar panels measured by the acre, delicate 100-
foot-tall antennae, and sealed ports concealing satellite
probes, shuttles and weapon emplacements. Alien entities
known as Geomids swarm about their native Realm.
Rarely has anyone outside the cyborg Convention or the
Void Engineers' Autocthonia Research Corpsseen thisplace.

Few mages can overcome the many problems of Deep Uni-

versal travel. Fewerstill can avoid being calcified by aggressive

Attack Geomids. Furthermore, Iterators and we Void Engi-
neers carefully restrict space exploration, as you know


4

The interior decor is both High Industrial and vaguely

F 2

organic, a metallic hive of echoing halls, slidewalks, transways,
access tunnels and ducts, sphinctering or irising hatches,
cavernous chambersand Spartan cells. The steel bulkheadsare
reinforced with riblike beams, and occasionally pockmarked
by corrosives. Every surface throbs with power. Between
ceilingsand wallsrun conduitsand transparent pipes that carry
unknown fluidsin steady pulses. On regularly spaced monitors,
updates and orders scroll constantly; interfaces are every
where. Illumination is provided by shafts of amber light. The
air smells vaguely of cur-steel and oil, rubber and heated
circuitry, and the temperature remains at a consistent 37° (

© Forbidden Planet

Among Traditionalists, the name "Autocthonia"
engenders the same mix of mystery and dread as Hades
or Hyperborea or any other mythical Realm. Hermetic
mages refuse to speak that name, as if afraid to invoke
the wrath of some demon. When they must, they refer
to it as "the Realm of Binding."

Though imaginative talesabound, no Council mage has
seen Autocthonia, or even knows its location. Even we
Ethermages —who were associated with the Technocracy to
some degree since our founding — can only hypothesize
aboutits existence. This we rarely do, however; any Machine
Realm of Iteration X must be lifeless and unimaginative,
contrary to the philosophy of True Paradigm Science

The other Techno-Tradition, the Virtual Adepts,
used tohavea cocky nickname for Autocthonia: "Graybar
Land

It refers to the mindless limbo created when your
computer slowly processes gigabytes of data and you're
stuck watching a gray progress bar creep across the

screen. Four months ago, that most elite Virtual Master,

RAMses, claimed to have discovereda Restricted Sector
linked to this "Graybar Land" and hacked himself an
"ultra-Elire" access code. Last week, | checked on him at
the hospital — still no improvement, of course, but it's
hard to simply accept the neurologist's report. Naturally,
the Graybar joke is now pretty lame.

In any case, Autocthonia is apparently all too real
The following text file was intercepted in the Digital
Web. After three years of cracking the encryption,

we've learned that it's a report —a "pilgrim's narrativ
of sorts — froma Void Engineer known as Quantum to

his superiors at DS

ATC (Dimensional Science Evalu
ation, Administration and Training Committee)

I know this Quantum well; he has quite a rep
among Cybernauts. An impressive number of sectors
bear his formatting imprint. On at least one occasion,
the Virtual Adepts'
sanctum. On a personal level, the bastard has dumped

he infiltrated the Crystal Palace

my icon more than a few times. Now, apparently, he's
been assigned to Autocthonia. From his zealous atti- A,
tude, I think his tour of duty has lasted far too long PHILLIPS, 1976

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest

NO Ail

WAN

| solved
FF i

Autocthonia runs by strict schedules. One doesn't dare
be late. The halls are alternately vacant, or packed with
dense but orderly crowds going about their assignments.

The above description is pretty typical of the outer
layers. As one moves closer to the core, however, the
decor gradually changes. Rooms and halls become more
spacious and less cluttered: more and more interfaces are
cybernetic. Coloration shifts to antiseptic white, or pol-
ished chrome. Lighting brightens to almost-blinding
intensity. Warning signs —RESTRICTED: COMPTROL-
LERS ONLY BEYOND THIS POINT
security tightens. Only the most efficient

become

unavoidable
and loyal Iterators reach the central core, site of The
Computer. I have been told that I am the only Void
Engineer to receive this honor.

This next feature is not immediately obvious, but

integral nevertheless. As befits a cybernetic Utopia,

Autocthonia provides an almost-ideal interface between

human and environment, human and tools. From the size

and shape of rooms, to the level and angle of monitors; from
the form and positioning of controls, to "comform" (com-

fort-forming) chairs and advanced interfaces — everything

has been designed upon the principals of ergonomics (con-

venience) andanthropometrics (proportional to the human
body). Existence here is very comfortable, almost effortless.
I now understand the appeal that a cybernetic existence
holds for Iteration X, and I look forward to being assimilated

by The Big Machine.

Background

Before Autocthonia, there was only as single Pattern
Realm drifting through the Galaxy, one of those Deep
Universe enigmas the reality deviants call Shenti. Accord-
ing to Iteration X databases, this Realm formed 65,845
years ago as a one-sided shape. After a year, it split into a
, into a tetrahe

two-dimensional surface; after two yea:
dron; after four years, into a 16-sided shape; and so on
right up to its current form. The Realm continues to
evolve, expanding indefinitely, striving ever toward that
most perfect of shapes: the sphere. This account fits

: that the Realm is a platonic solid; and that
ets divided into

certain fact
30 years ago, every one of the 65,536

65,536 more sides.

However, any mathematician could point out a seri-
ous flaw in this reasoning (aside from the problem of
initial creation from nothing): one times one equals one,
not two. So how did this Pattern Realm ever evolve
beyond a one-sided form? This question has become a
surce of consternation among Statisticians.

constant
Thetask-force formed in 1941 continues to hammer out a
"mathematical formula which would solve the problem
" rma cacicting the current paradigm. By compari-

$= ¢onceptual difficulty of a one-sided form was

"sen;
her easily by non-Euclidean geometry.

yond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

In any case, this Pattern Shenti existed long before
Iteration X's foundation. During the reign of Sh'n Tsung
(A.D. 1068-86) of the Sung Dynasty, Chinese Artificers
a

noticed this celestial object. They invented a device
disk inscribed with a diagram representing the Twelve
Terrestrial Branches and Ten Celestial Trunks (indicat-
ing the cardinal and intermediate points), further verified
Colors and E

by means of the Five Elements, Fiv
Trigrams — that enabled them to chart its position at any
time of year. Aided by of such a device, the first Artificer
shifted through space to this Shenti of Pattern

The Artificers found this Realm ideal to their needs
Their technology-based philosophy and the local Pattern
emissions [Editor's Note: Quintessence. — Alexis] reso-
nated perfectly. In fact, by studying the regular formation

of Forces, Life and Matter, they first formulated the fields

of cybernetics and biomechanics. Soon, the Artificers
established a Construct here, shaped from the Realm
itself. They named it Qian-Chengshi ("Thousand City"),
after the number of Artificers, mundane thinkers, sol-
diers, and so forth assigned to study, survey and fortify and
the place. This Construct gradually expanded to com-
pletely encompass the Realm.

In 1766, Qian-Chengshi was lost to the Artificers
during a war with Chinese wizards called Wu Lung. These
so-called "Dragon Wizards" somehow bumped the entire
Realm out of orbit, rendering centuries of careful calcula-
tion useless, Without exact coordinates, it was impossible
for Artificers to reach the place. This magickal assault was

acrude sledge-hammer blow, but impressive and effective
nonetheless. Deprived of their most prized possession, the
Artificers fell demoralized. For the first and last time in
their long history, the Convention admitted defeat, and

soon lost much of their influence over mainland Chine

Qian-Chengshi remained lost for almost 300 years. In
1931, however, a Void Engineer named Terrell Kree redis-
covered the Realm, now orbiting the sun, after a navigation

error led his ship astray. Despite centuries of isolation, the

Construct still operated efficiently. Apparently, inhabit-
ants of the Thousand City had resolved that their work
could continue without contact with Earth, and that Earth-
ay back atan appropriate
lost tribe" of

bound Artificers would find their
point in the Timetable. Kree called the

Technomancers "Autocthonians," because he initially theo-
rized that they had sprung from the Realm itself. The name
"Autocthonia" eventually stuck. In any case, Artificers —
now known as Iteration X — used Kree's navigation charts
to reestablish links with Qian-Chengshi. Their first action

was to transplant their valuable Command Computer into

the core of Autocthonia, probably as a means of reunifying
the Terrans and Autocthonians under one logical author-
ity. Their second action was to reward Terrell Kree;
henceforth, we Void Engineers were permitted to maintain
astaff of observers on Autocthonia. Thus my presence here.

Shielded from prying eyes by the Sun and employing

aggressive defense measures, Autocthonia has maintained

its secrecy up to this day. It has also grown immensely

powerful. One mistake that many Traditionalists make is to
consider our Technocracy static and stagnant. In fact, this

Construct epitomizes our ideal of carefully planned, con-

trolled expansion. Autocthonia represents a product that

has gone through hundreds of design iterations and is
approaching perfection [Editor's Note: the Summer phase,

— Alexis].

in Hermetic tetminolog

Places of Interest

Autocthonia is a vast Realm. The following describes

only the most visible or significant locations.

Reception

Autocthonia is not accessible directly from Earth.
Instead, a supplicant must use the Digital Imaging Cham-
ber (a type of transporter) of a major Iteration X
Construct. Even then, one must know the correct coor-
dinates and/or have

rriple-redundancy security progra

1 high security clearance.

ms, including retina

scans, handprint analysis and voice recognition proce-
dures, protect the Construct from unauthorized visitors,
and HIT Marks and cybernetically-enhanced personnel
wait close by each Chamber to intercept intruders. Thus,
the Realm remains rather secure.

Upon arriving in Autocthonia, a visitorsteps out of the
destination Digital Imaging Chamber and finds herself in a
reception/security room (one of 10 in the Realm). Nine
other DICs open onto this 40-foot-deep, semicircular cham-
ber. Two sliding doors—one entrance, one exit — facilitate
traffic. Projecting from the flat wall is a biomechanical
device with human-looking features. This Interface com-
bines the functions of security officer, information kiosk,
and energy dispenser. If need be, it also provides a formi-
dable line of defense.

The Complex

As a wise Comptroller once said "Even machines rest."
Just as mundanes sleep most soundly after intense exertion,
cyborgs recharge best after draining most of the power from

their capacitors. Consider it a form of ritual purging. Part

fitness center, part military training academy and more, the
Complex provides a range of sanctioned recreation activi-

ties. Weight machines, sparringrings (with robotic opponents

available), tracks, obstacle courses, firing ranges, vast arenas

devoted to organized wargames, and even Holographic Im-
mersion terminals are all available. Though this is the most
popular way to spend down-time, some Iterators prefer to

read (certain approved texts, of course) ot write, fiddle about

in workshops, render using paint programs, participate in

Net-games, ot listen to digital recordings

Sleep Pods
Whil

Iterators prefer the more efficient sleep pods, artificial

Autocthoniastill hasstandard dormitories, many

wombs recessed into the walls. To enter, one need only
press against the membrane covering the opening; if your
genetic pattern matches, this membrane becomes perme-

able. Inside, the resident is enfolded by fleshy cushions,
lulled to sleep by alpha-wave inhibitors, and rejuvenated by

intravenous feeds and power-cords.

Research Departments

Autocthonia has scores of research departments
BioMechanics maintain medical bays where experimental
implant-surgery is performed. Time-Motion Managers favor
Auto-CAD cubicles and machine shops. These perfection-
ists run through thousands of design iterations before their
concepts for new HIT Marks, Digital Implants, and other
technologies are even put into production. Then the real
testing begins. In Restricted Sectors of the Net, Statisticians
conduct computer simulations to determine how a new
theory or technology might affect the current paradigm.

One notable research department is headed by
LOLI111111. Their current project (designation: Pulse)
attempts to create a new generation of Cybernauts raised
entirely in the Net. This could easily be a Virtual Adept
enterprise, if not for the 10 vivisected, hard-wired infants
suspended in nutrient tanks. The Virtual Adepts would
never have vision enough to implement such a bold and
innovative strategy.

Control Room and Central Core

Autocthonia's control room is a multistoried ring sur-
rounding the central core. The interior wall is lined with
windows overlooking the core, to facilitate communication
between' Comprrollers‘and The Computer. The exterior
wall isa checkerboard of monitors that flash information at

d

apparent lack of control panels. Black, alien-looking chairs

ying rates. This control room's strangest feature is its

with bone-like frames and fleshy padding provide the only
furniture. These chairs are, in fact, anthropometric control
panels, equipped with a spinal tap that permits an instant
communication relay between occupant and computer. At
a thought, the chairs swivel to facilitate viewing of any
screen or window.

The Central Core is a massive shaft lined with com-
puter banks and power grids. These walls house The
Computer — the artificial intelligence behind Iteration

X. Autocthonia's entire structure providesan extension of
The Computer, Its CPU and main I/O ports. From what
others have told me, the voice and image of The Com-

puter materialize as a buzzing, swirling hologram, one
which occasionally visits loyal servants in other Con-

structs. | have never communicated directly with The

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest 105

Nz

ID. WWs,

106

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Computer myself — this singular honor is reserved for
Comptrollers and Iteration X's most senior Programmers
However, [have been told that It resembles a pillar of static,
with a voice like bass thunder and a gaze of magnesium fire
In Its presence, the hot dry air smells of charged ions and
burning copper wire. Those who prove unworthy to look
upon It—by harboring fear or ambition —are struck down
by the shocking truth of their own insignificance.

Power Core

Adjacent to either pole of the Central Core lie the
primary and secondary power generators. The primary

generator taps into a micron star [Editor's Note: Perhaps
a Node of raw Quintessence. — Alexis] which fuels the
Pattern Realm. This raw plasma generates a virtually
unlimited supply of particles, which then generate energy,
food and water and materials. Thus, Autocthonia remains
completely self-sufficient, free from the despicable machi-
nations of the MECHA Construct. The secondary
generator is a backup, kept idle in case the primary

nerator fails. Linked to a minor anti-matter pocket
[Editor's Not
Earth, this generator may recycle various Patterns if nec

An Entropic Node, perhaps?— Alexis] on

essary until anew power source could be acquired. Because
Iterators are wary of Entropy, the secondary generator is
maintained at minimal power

The robed engineers who monitor the power genera
tors go about their duties faithfully and in somber silence
I have often seen them gazing into the flickering reactions
deep within the core, as if mesmerized by the sight of some
greater entity

The Realm's mundane residents believe that
A.utocthonia is powered by a solar-assisted fission genera-
tor. The photovoltaic shingles on Autocthonia's surface
operate at 50% efficiency, meaning that half the sunlight
striking them is converted into energy. (By comparison, the
current Earth record is 29.5%.)

Ecology

This Construct has a mixed reputation as a place
whence visitors never return. This truth has two deriva-
tions; first, any intruder close enough to see Autocthonia
is also within range of the Construct's security/defense
system. Few trespassers are ever seen again. The second
truth behind disappearances is more intriguing: Iterators
assigned to Autocthonia eventually become integrated
into the Realm body, mind and "soul." Iterators
consider this the highest honor. The Interfaces are per-
fect examples of such integration. Autocthonia itself is,
in a sense, alive

This makes Autocthonia a powerful symbol for the
Technocracy. Though humans are mortal, the collective is
Immortal. By contributing to the superorganism — in this
case Autocthonia — a piece of every Technocrat can live


forever. This helps explain the hundreds of Kamrads and
scores of Technomancers who stay content to live entirely
within Autocthonia, never returning to Earth if they can
help it. Once assigned to the Construct, it is a horrible
disgrace fora Technocrat to be removed. I have known two
Iterators myself who dispatched themselves rather than be
relocated back to Earth.

A comfortable estimate of Autocthonia's inhabitants
might be: 100 Iterators and Enlightened cyborgs, 10 Void
Engineers, 500 Kamrads, 200 HIT Marks, 300 un-Enlight-
ened cyborgs, and 50 Cyber-tooth Tigers. This does not
include the robots, automated vehicles, Advanced
RotorCraft, and so forth. (And yes: a number of places —
transways, balcony-lined courtyards, maintenance shafts,
etc. — are spacious enough to permit vehicle traffic.)

Autocthonia is defended on all fronts. Anyone who
approaches from the Deep Universe must evade the calci-
fying touch of swarming Attack Geomids and two Newton
shuttlecraft equipped with extra armament for patrols.
Those who attempt entry via the Digital Web must bypass
security subroutines and the 10 Pulse units. Even if an
intruder were to reach the interior, he would never get
past the patrols of Guardian Constructs. Autocthonia
employs the latest in HIT Mark technology, the NT-1
(Nanc ) series. When necessary, thes
form from the Realm itself and deploy by morphing through

ch Assemblag

walls, floors, or other convenient surfaces. Thus, they
have an excellent response time. When no longer needed,
they are reabsorbed.

What a glorious world!

Balador Pleasuredome

One half of the world cannot understand the
pleasures of the other
— Jane Austen

The road to wisdom, said Blake, comes
from excess. We Ecstatics call that road
ananda, the bliss which stops time and ex-
pands the consciousness beyond mere mortal
sight. On Earth, ananda's path isshot through
with potholes

laws against pleasure, neces-
sities of survival, and other dangers offered by one's own
inner demons. In the controlled environment of Balador,
devoted Ecstatics can experience ananda without outside

distractions. Everything a person could want — aside from

wealth — is there for the asking.

Balador is not a free ride; only Culkists of Ecstasy and
their chosen guests are allowed, and it helps if some regular
gets you your first pass in. All pleasures are consensual, or
they don't occur. No exceptions. Each visitor must perform
aservice for the Chantry for every three days of their stay.
Debtors and troublemakers are escorted to the Crystal
Doorway, ejected and forbidden to return. All personal
possessions, including clothes, are left to an attendant at

the Doorway. No "insurance" exists; as ye harm none, do
what you will. If you get hurt, it's your problem.

Although it's fairly notorious, few mages outside the
Cult have actually been to Balador. Like most rumors,
the stories of this "den of iniquity" have grown larger
than the Horizon Realm itself. Those who see it only for
its excesses miss the point, anyway. It's still an impres-
sive sight, and not a place for the easily-shocked. The
bodies sprawled across the Great Hall of Aphrodite, the
Chantry's main entrance, are enough to rattle the com-
posure of more refined folk. The residents of Balador are
nothing if not active.

Background

It's said that Akrites Salonikas, one of our Tradition's
founders, laid the cornerstones of Balador Pleasuredome.
Other rumors claim that it began as the Xanadu built by
Kublai Khan's demands. Records are scant, and back-traces
sions. The Greco-

reveal a bewildering array of impre
Arabian architecture hints at a joint venture in the early
part of the first Common Era millennium. Who knows

where the Realm really came from? Whatever its origins,

Balador has become the premiere Chantry of the Ecstatics,
aworld of pleasures, adventures and stimulations galore. Its
history spans centuries and its design melds all the best
elements of past ages into a chaotic yet pleasurable whole

The earliest accounts of Balador come from the
records of Horizon, where diplomats from other groups

were brou a Magickall Land where divers Seers

cavorted with each other in Gréat Chambers like unto
the Halls of Sodom, but with less purpose and without
As alw:

lasting impression on their peers. No official foundation

tea

ys, our forebears 1

Divine punishments

dates exist within the Pleasuredome itself; the earliest
financial transactions date from the late 1700s, and we

know the Realm is far older than that. Occasionally,

* Wolfgang Blacksin

Ie's been said I love to hear myself talle."That's probably
true. Bur at the risk of breaking my sterling reputation, I'm
afraid I'm going to be brief. For one thing, the place isn't for
everybody's R&R. Only known Ecstatics and their special
guests are allowed in. Secondly, if I went on at length about
Balador's secrets, everyone on Earth would want to visit. And
trust me, this Realm isnot for casual consumption. Sorry folks!

—Wolfgang Blackskin

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest. 107

NY

V/ aN

ID.


IZ

NG Ail

people step out of the time flow speaking archaic dia-
lects, ignorant of the last few hundred years of Earthly
affairs. Although some curious folks (myself included)
have peered through the past to find out what set the
whole place in motion, the psychic residue from thou-
sands of visitors brought to unendurable passions clouds
the view. Perhaps that's for the best.

The Earliest known Master of the Pleasures was Del
Ryhann, a Welsh sorcerer who had helped to free
imprisoned "witches" throughout Europe. During the
tumultuous centuries between the foundation of the
Council and the modern revolution, Balador became a
refuge for lots of folks fleeing witch-hunts and the so-
called "Age of Exploration." Faeries and mysticks from

other Traditions came here and never left. Or never

wanted to, anyway. Unfortunately, not everyone
grasped the spirit of the Pleasuredome; some visitors
felt compelled to violate one of the only rules within
the Realm harm no one who doesn't want to be
harmed and brought the violence they had fled
along with them. Finally, things got nasty; a show-
down between Del Ryhann and a gang of rapists turned
into a battle which left scores of people dead. For a
while, the portals were closed and the protocols re-
vised; visitors soon had to pay their way in service, and
a list of infractions was drafted. Even heaven has its
limits, and the Pleasuredome had established a few.
Del Ryhann died — happily

bines in 1787; his successor, Lady Lorali Estel

in a bed of concu-

e Domingo,
seemed uncertain of her post, and soon passed it to James
Togarde of Rackham, Virginia. He eventually offered
the office to the current supervisor, Marianna. Her ten-
ure has been so successful that she's acquired the title
"Marianna of Balador" from Ecstatics and outsiders alike
Under her gentle yet firm administration, Balador has
become what its founders desired: a center of enlighten-
ment through intense stimulation.

Places of Interest

I'm not sure there's a place in Balador that's not
interesting; all the same, I'll limit myself to the most
notable places.

On the whole, the Realm resembles a massive copy
of the Hagia Sophia, a cathedral in Istanbul, Turkey.

All kinds of scents and sights await the curious visitor,
and even longtime residents find each day in Balador a
delight of new sensations. The folks who maintain the
Realm make a contest of creating new ways to excite

one another's senses. When the visions subside, they

gather into groups and discuss what they've es

xperi-
enced, then try to share those visions with the others
This, in turn, creates other stimulations, and so on, and

so on, and so on...

108 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

The Great Hall of Aphrodite

Most earthly portals lead to the Crystal Doorway, an
alcove in a Great Hall dedicated to that most famous
Goddess of Love; the Hall's marble chamber vaults nearly
100 feet, like the apse of a grand cathedral, and has a
1000-foot diameter. As its name suggests, the Great Hall
evokes a Greek temple with some modern touches. Six
huge gates lead to subrealms, while a host of smaller

doors lead to private apartments, storage rooms, kitch-

ens and other, smaller Halls. Magickal candles light the

interior with a soft glow; a central fountain runs 20 feet
deep, and its water remains cool and pure. Stairs lead up

to other chambers, and a network of trapezes, swings and

wires tempt naked aerialists to try their skills. A host of
couches, low tables and benches make the Hall a com-
fortable place for liaisons, massages and simple talk
Despite the Hall's expanse, all sounds muffle at about

two yards' distance, for privacy's sake

The City of Altua

Outside the Great Hall lies Altua. More like a large
town than a city, Altua mingles Arabian and Greek
architecture in a fairy-tale setting. This settlement
houses the acolytes and mages who live in the Realm
full-time, and features elaborate homes, massive gar-
dens and the all-encompassing sea which marks Altua's
boarders. For such a large Realm, Balador's population
is small; no more than 300 people are allowed in at one
time, including guests.

The Subrealms

Luxury grows boring eventually. To test their

skills and endurance, many Ecstatics pit themselves

against the harsher environments of the six subrealms

connected to the Hall of Aphrodite. Survival depends
on your skills, wits and magicks; no camping gear is
available. It's you against the wilderness. May the best
side win

Balador's six subrealms feature a tropical island, a
desert with high mesas, a jungle, a deep forest, moun-

tains and a zero-G environment for adventurous

visitors. Each subrealm contains complete ecosystems,
carefully balanced to avoid strange diseases or popula-
tion explosions. These places are fun to visit, but not

always safe.... Perhaps that's the reason the most

profound visions seem to come from such expeditions
Pushing yourself to the limits and beyond is what
ananda is all about.

The Nine Epicurean Halls

In addition to innumerable private chambers, kitch-
ens, playrooms and storage facilities, the Chantry itself
boasts nine large halls


© The Nightclub, which features different sounds
on different nights. The most common include Goth
Night, Midnight Rave, Nostalgia Night, Tribal Beat,
Hip Hop House, Industrial Workshop, Sodom-Nite (all
gay), and Disco Infernal. Some deejays mix all of the
above. The club is large, with Matter-trained bartenders
who can literally mix any drink imaginable. The light
shows have to be seen to be believed.

© Lotus Hall, where any kind of drug is yours to
explore, free of charge. The decor reminds me of the
height of the Age of Aquarius. Off to one side, a sensory
deprivation chamber awaits the curious.

* Torture Garden, a haven for those who favor
SM, BD, fetish shows and pain exhibitions. With the
h

ers available at Balador, any kink can be explored
with little risk

© The Spartan Gym, where physical workouts can
be enjoyed Greek style. The gym is co-ed, but has pri-
vate-hours for those who wish to exercise alone. Large
steam baths and several deep cold pools lead off from the
gym; these too are co-ed, and kept germ-free through
constant magick

© The Theatre Dionysos, which features plays,
films and shows by those who want more passive enter-
tainment, or for Cultists who wish to perform.

¢ The Arena, where bands play. More often than
not, these guests are brought from Earth during induced

fugue states in which they remember little except per-

forming for a small but enthusiastic audience

¢ The Circle of Pain, an elaborate certaémen arena
where Cultists with a grudge can work it off without
hurting anyone permanently.

¢ Stim City, where techno-Ecstatics wire them-
selves and their friends into weird stimulations, VR
MUSHES, MUDs, sex lines and
video games through a back door to the Digital Web.

thrillrides, and "live

Although casualties are rare, they do happen. Remem-
ber, Balador is a "use-at-your-risk" facility.
* The

imaginable occur daily

Hall of Ishtar, where the greatest orgies
Satyrs, Ecstatic musicians and
even the occasional vampire weave seductive music be-
neath an endlessly changing tapestry of flesh. Ambient
magicks heighten the sensual atmosphere, and free preg:
nancy and VD control spells are performed at the door.

The Eternity Pool

A dive in this purewater spring doesn't really last

forever, but it certainly seems to. Beneath the surfac

a
combination of permanent Life and Time magicks take
swimmers out of time while allowing them to breathe
indefinitely. So long as you remain below the waters, no
time passes above them.

The Eternity Pool has been carved from solid rock
beneath a 100-foot waterfall on the outskirts of Altua.
Refreshingly chill, the Pool goes down nearly 50 feet
before sloping upward. Anyone who wants to swim there
is free to. Near the bottom, the currents have shaped a
series of caves and grottos; the fish that dwell there come
in an assortment of surprising colors. Some Ecstatics
anchor themselves halfway down and meditate in sus-

pended space; others use the Pool for liaisons impossible

under normal conditions. Occasionally, a guest who

overstays his welcome tries to prolong his visit by re-
maining underwater; when this happens, he's left to his

own device:

. After all, he'll get bored — waterlogge
sooner or later.

Ecology

Balador is designed to keep itself running with as
little effort as possible. While outsiders insist that the
acolytes are kept there in bondage (a rumor which began
two ill-fated crusades against the Realm over the last
century), everyone is there of their own free will

Resident acolytes are chosen for their beauty and
skill in a variety of arts. Their children often inherit
those blessings — good genes certainly seem to carry
over to children born in Balador. Food and other goods
are usually grown in large gardens, harvested regularly,
and traded for favors in a small market in the city square.
No currency debases the Pleasuredome — everything is
done through a system of barter. Thus, the Realm suffers
no crime or poverty. Occasional harsh storms buffet the
city (stirred, no doubt, by the Resonance from Balador's
endless passions), but the buildings are constructed so
solidly that little actual damage is done.

Two strict laws apply: All liaisons must be consen-

sual, and no children are to be involved. Murder is
frowned upon, but it's been known to happen. Marianna's
punishments for these infractions are harsh: empathic
links from abuser to abused, with some Time thrown in

to prolong the experience, followed by sensory depriva-

tion, then banishment. Few offenders repeat their
mistakes, here or anywhere.

The residents of Balador are scrupulously honest; if
they're caught stealing or lying, they're banished from the
Realm for life. Marianna heads the Arbitration Council,
a loose group which decides matters of concern, when

nece: All Chantry consors are renowned for their

sary.

talents and good looks; their ranks contain a handful of
faeries and shapechangers as well as a couple of mythic
beasts. The Realms' mages — the North Sk
Peacock and Midnight Leopard cabals — take turns with

, Celestial

security, service and maintenance. One tour per week,
with one week off for pleasure. It's a small price to pay.

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest 109

NA

4


Darkside Moonbase and the
Copernicus Research Center

His said "Science Is Truth Found Out
Mine said "The Truth Can Be Made Up If You
Know How."
— Jane Wagner, The S.
ligent Life in the Universe

Well. Well. Well, well, well. You want
me to tell you about these places you've heard
of, "the Cop" and "Darkside Moon Base." No
small feat, that. You want me to place my

earch for Signs of Intel-

N

existence in jeopardy, to risk life and limbs, such as they are,
to expostulate upon the two most highly classified enigmas
inall the Technocracy? You expect me to chance discovery
by the soulless Technocrats who have sought me unsuccess-

* Bio of a Space Tirade

Dr. Catherine Nichols is, in her own words, "a
former vassabof the Technocratic¢ Ideal, bound eter-
nally from achieving knowledge of the mysteries of
the Universe by bureaucratic red tape and adminis-

trative brouhahas" — that is, an ex-Void Engineer.
She was born-in. 1918, during the height of the
influenza epidemic, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
The youngest of several children, most of whom
never completed high school, much less college, she
receivedan opportunity to attend Oxford University
through the generosity of a mysterious mentor. She
graduated with a bachelor of science degree in phys-
ics in 1938, and'was pursuing her graduate studies
when the world exploded into war.

She has a/Ph-D: in physics from Oxford Univer-
sity, as well asan additional Ph.D. inastrophysics from
the University-of California at Berkeley (achieved
much later in life). She participated in much of the
Void Engineers' progress during the great steps in
space exploration‘of the 1960s and 1970s

Dr. Nichols became disenchanted with the Tech-

nocra¢y in general when the Challenger exploded in

1985, and within the year she planned her escape
from-the Engineers. The plan fell apart somewhat,
not so much a

resulting in what she describes as "
dogfight as a donnybrook in powered armor." She did
manage toelude pursuit, despite severe injuries.

She lives alone riowy despite being severely dis-

abled, and kindly agreed to assist this project with a
description of the two Void Engineer bases. However,
to ensure herown safety, she did change her place of

habitation'to an unknown site after speaking to us.

110

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

fully during the years since my escape? You presume that I,
a woman who has endured emotional mutilation and physi-
cal trauma beyond your wildest imaginings, am willing to
endanger what little peace | have managed to bring to my
pathetic life?

Where shall I begin?

What and Where is the
Darkside Moon Base?

What, pray tell, isnot connected to the Moon, that almighty
force with the gentle manifestations? What laboratory walls can
keep her in or out? Who can study our Grandmother? Who can
measure her, she who was the first measurement, never quite
fitting? Who can study her effect on humans when everyone who
tries to study her is already under her influence?

Zsuzsanna E. Budapest, Grandmother Moon

The creatively named original base of the Void Engi-
neers is, as is obvious to all but the densest thinkers, on the
dark side of the Moon. Set roughly in the center of this
unobservable side of Earth's nearest celestial neighbor, ina
crater named Daedelus, Darkside is a hulking gray dome
pushing through the selenic crust rather like a wart working
it's way out of someone's finger.

Under the lump of concrete, steel and ceramic is the
carefully recycled stale atmosphere of the Void Engineers'
oldest extant base. The air tastes of heavy metals and plastics
and petroleum products, and the water smells of condition-
ing salts and vast iron filtering tanks. Over it all is the feel of

heavy, pressing vibration of vast, seemingly ancient engine:

Moving around the blank corridors, one or two at a
time, are slightly tarnished silver robots, humanoid in build
and proportion, their eyes glowing with blind purpose or

occasionally malignant resignation. You never seea person.

Orrarely. An insidious and pervasive lethargy drains every-
one who arrives. Anyone stationed there for any length of
time simply lets the robots handle things.

For years, problems persisted with: young Vaid Engi
neers stationed there for even the briefest tours. The suicide
ate skyrocketed.

The living quarters are uniformly ascetic, with board-
like cots that slide out from the walls, and kitchen facilities
that turn out the finest in cardboard cuisine. Everyone is
expected to recycle everything, down to the smallest drop-
let of sweat if you can help it. Times are difficult at
Darkside... but then, they always have been


Beneath the living quarters lie vast monitoring computer
systems that don't seem to have been updated since humans
first walked upright, chugging along day and night. Indepen-
dent monitor-links receive messages from. beyond the Horizon
and detect anomalies entering Earth's vicinity And beneath
them lie the great life-support engines, thrumming and pound-
ing through their daily chores, resounding through the entire
base and everyone in ita mighty, oppressive orchestral move-
ment that never ends.

Or is that simply a mighty oppressive orchestral move-
ment? | always think of Wagner play ed too slowly and slightly
out of tune when I recall my time at Darkside.

According to what I understood at the time, anumber of the
local craters have been turned into huge radio telescope-like
receivers, ready to field any transmissions from inside or outside

the Solar System. [know thatthe cratersKeeler, Aitken, Gagarin,

Pavlov and Van de Graaff are receivers because those were in my

monitoring quadrant. I know nothing about the others
Believeme, Darksideearnsitsname. Itiscertainlythedarkest

side of the Void Engineersas far assheer atm sphere isconcerned.

A Dark, Dark History

Way back when the Convention really got started on
their Technocratic "duty" — guarding the Earth from weird
alien invasions — many Void Engineers mov ed off Earth. This
was probably sometime in the early 1870s. It was a nice stunt

toget the Technocracy's freaks out of the hair of the Victorian

New World Order, I think, and give them some purpose so
they didn'tend up like the cranky Sons of Ethanol... er, Ether:
An idle mind is the devil's playground, so to speak

Anyway, the Engineers needed somewhere to go; atter
all, they couldn't just jet around in orbit for eternity So
they picked a sumptuous spot on the far side of the Moon
and settled down to business.

I'v of the Void
Engineers realized for the first time at that point that the

en convinced for years that many

New World Order was slowly closing its iron fist around the
entire Technocracy. Perhaps a number of these hapless
explorers fell into an abiding depression at the thought. It's
the only way I can explain Darkside's design

History maintains that Darkside was built with the most
futuristic view possible at the time in mind. Someone who
hasn't been there cannot imagine how bleak this view of the
future could be. Perhaps if you go home and watch Fritz
Lang's Metropolis, you might get some inkling of it. Marvel-
ous movie. Too bad the happy ending hasn't happened yet.

In the era when Darkside was built, it was easy to take
people for use as slaves... er, technicians. People noticed
disappearances, but it never reached the enormous media
proportions such things ac hieve today. For a long, long
time, the halls of Darkside were peopled with barely-
animated drones who did monitoring work for the Void
Engineers, themselves far too busy looking outward and

upward from their dreary existence to do menial tasks. The

Ml

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest


IW

NG All

tiny barracks were packed in conditions barely better than
those in the future Nazi concentration camps. Perhaps
that's where the Nazis got the idea

Now, that's a frightening thought.

Originally, Darkside was a pair of connected twin

bases, each set in a separate crater. The idea, I suppose, was
to have separate research and living facilities. At least,
that's what I understand the reasoning to have been.

Atsome point, so the story goes, a group of workers got
some crazy idea to rebel against their infinitely patient and
compassionate masters. They plunged one of the drills used
to research the composition of the lunar crust as deep as it
could go beneath the life-support engines, and then maxed
out the power levels. The result was a localized moonquake
thatshattered the integrity of half the base, instantly killing
everyone in the research quarters. Well, almost instantly.

Isuppose that's what they get for establishing a base in
a crater they happened to have named Icarus.

So they had to salvage what they could from Icarus and
resettle everything into the Daedelus part of the base. They
never bothered to repair or rebuild the other half. The
dis

nee!

ster so reduced the monitor population that the E

ngi-
feared theirsurveillance of the Moon and Deep Universe
would suffer. They appealed to Iteration X, who built them
the first batch of robots. Thanks a lot, guys. All of the robots
look alike, absolutely identical. It's maddening, not knowing
if the robot standing in front of you is the one you just ordered
to do something, or if it's another one. Something in their
programming makes them eliminate any identifying marks
placed on them. They're simply maddening.

Even after the Cop went into use, the Committee kept
Darkside open. Oneof the things the base is supposed to monitor
isunusual activity on thesurface ofthe Moon, especially activity
that might threaten the Earth. | know of two different incidents,
but have only vague details, so | won't bore you. Both have been
commemorated, though, by someone with a flash of humor not
entirely stagnated by Darkside. The craters nearest those inci-
dent sites are called Jules Verne and H.G. Wells.

These days, other than the occasional group of students
coming through the base for training, Darkside is fairly lifeless
Only a dedicated core group of scientists who are entirely
without personality continue the monitoring responsibilities

Points of Interest

Despite its lifeless appearance, Darkside boasts a hu-
man population of roughly 200. Like I said, it's not the lack
of people but the utter lethargy of the place that makes it

seem so empty. No one there has much energy to speak of

unle:

s there's an emergency, and even then, they're pretty
slow to respond. It's a wonder the base has survived as many

attacks and crises as it has.

Me, I think everyone there has a death wish. A subtle
one, perhaps, but present just the same.

112 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Schopenhauer Square

The center of the main, populated levels of Darkside is
a vast, open square, designed for the social gatherings that
the Void Engineers occasionally forced their workers to
endure. I expect that said gatherings were veritable block
parties, particularly raucous around the stern, forbidding,
rather ill-formed lead statues of the Void Engineers' found-
ing fathers, setting out in their ashes and sackcloth on their
leaky dinghies to scout the Technocracy's promised lands.
Truly one of the wonders of technological artistry.

Honestly, though, Schopenhauer Square is one of the
most outstanding features of Darkside. Why, I believe it
even has a tree and an entire bed of flowers.

The Monument to Technological
Aspiration to Otopia

Leaning in dark, soaring, metal lines over the Square,
as if to topple over and crush those unfortunate enough to
be gathered in the streets, looms the Monument to Tech-
nological Aspiration to Utopia. Despite the glaring, sterile
array of mercury vapor lamps installed in the last half
century or so, the color of this building continued to elude
me for my time at Darkside, and so did the particular details
and proportions.

I've only been inside once: The stern, unforgiving
brow of Queen Victoria perched larger than life at the
entrance was sufficient to deflect my curiosity. The main
, the windows be-

ked marbl

hall was stark gray-stre

decked with heavy red velvet tapestries. Dense carpets, of

obscure Eastern origin, paved the floor in such a way as to

thoroughly destroy the sound dynamics of the vast, angled
ceiling and wide, polished walls. No sound traveled well at
floor level, though; all noise drifted upward to be trapped
in the upper reaches of the architecture. During my
mundane duties cleaning the ornate wrought iron chan-
deliers, I tried, as had many decades of students, tosomehow
scour the sickly yellow stained-glass panels. There, barely
keeping my balance on the support beams, I could hear
these imprisoned sounds, every one of them distorted into
a wail of despair.

I'm told that this meeting area is frequently used as a
place to impress visiting members of other Conventions,
particularly the New World Order. However, I've never
heard of any visitors or administrators staying in any of the
adjoining smaller rooms, or actually staying anywhere in
the Base at all. I suppose it's an excellent ploy to encourage
outsiders from staying and looking around.

The Monument is a vast, black-and-white, art deco
caricature of a cathedral. Have you ever read The Haunting
of Hill House? The lines of the Monument, like the lines
and angles of Hill House, are just a little off, giving it a
frightening, unwieldy look, as if it were about to crash
down around you

l
\.!
.


The Cybernetic Maintenance
Facility

Well, of course, all those robots need to be recharged
and repaired somewhere, you know. Originally, this was
where the last dregs of the human technicians were rel-
egated — to care for their own replacements. There was a
tall room fitted with technological niches that the robots
simply snapped into like Legos. Academy stories relate that
these last humans just sort of disappeared into the Facility.
Of course, the professors flatly denied that any such thing
ever occurred. At any rate, the robots care for their own,
now. I find it unlikely that any human has been in there for

years. | also find it unlikely that any human knows the exact

number of robots on Darkside anymore. It's so ungodly hard
to tell them apart, much less count them

Of course, you never know what the Facility looks like
now. Anything could be happening behind those doors.
int of their surroundings

And the robots look so... cogn'

sometimes. It's really uncanny

Darkside Icarus

The ruins of Darkside Icarus are dark, dusty and cold;

the connecting tunnels between the two bases were blocked
during the artificial moonquake that racked Icarus. I've
heard that the bodies were never recovered, nor was any

attempt made todo more than salvage the equipment. Have
you ever seen a dead spaceship? When you walk in, there's
no gravity, no sound, no motion. Just cold, dead equipment
and pale, frozen faces, eyes wide with surprise. I can only
imagine that Icarus is like that. In my imagination, though,
the eerie part is that I expect no surprise on the faces. Just
quiet, tired resignation to fate and disaster.

I've heard stories that commanders of student corps in
the Marines often relegate their misfits and behavior prob-
lems to patrolling the ruins. Rumors among these patrollers
(which are quickly and cleanly crushed) include he:

ring
echoing giggles, moans and screams of agony, and seeing
flickering white and blue lights. One report tells of a cadet

who swore that a corpse reached out, grabbed hold of his
environmental suit's faceplate, and shook him from side to
side like a terrier before hurling him into some of the broken

machinery and resuming its former deadness.

It strikes me as unlikely that any but the most unlucky
ghost would be trapped on the Moon. Probably just the poor
lad's imagination. I heard though that there were indelible
fingerprints on his faceplate

Cute story

The Heinlein Student Facility

The Heinlein Facility was originally a central portion
of the old School of Dimensional Science, but it's been
relegated to training ground status since the creation of the
Halley Academy in the Cop. It was renovated from being

dull, dim classrooms to being dull, dim dormitories — the
original dormitories were converted to laboratories — as
well as Universal Suit storage and repair cubicles. This is,
after all, no longer where the students come to learn book

knowledge, but where they come to learn how not to die in
hostile environments. Considering just how hostile Darkside
is, it seems like the perfect place to learn survival.

The building seems molded against the dome in order
to have the maximum number of ports to the lunar surface.
This is also logical in the event of a radiation containment

breach, when you want plenty of useless bodies to block the

path of destruction. In essence, this turns the entire build-

ing into an emergency bulkhead for that region of Darkside

The students are encouraged, after their initial training in
the Universal Suits, to take a "shortcut" when going any-
where in the building. This shortcut consists of donning a

suit, trekking across the barren Moon surface, and reenter-

ing the building in the desired location. The verbal

encouragement by the teachers is punctuated by the ill-lit,

labyrinthine corridors inside the Facility proper. I've heard

tales of new students getting hopelessly lost and starving to
death en route to the dining hall.

Buried in the center of the boxy brick building that
houses the Facility is the Museum of the Explorers, a dismal
chamber filled with dusty mementos of the early Deep-
Universe pioneers. It contains ancient cathode-ray tubes
once used for radar-type displays and visual transmissions,
the
original Smart Guns, and the eerie, inflated Buck Rogers

the enormous metal pipes with battery packs that we

reject spacesuits that dangle precariously from the ceiling.
Everything is covered quite uniformly with a layer of dust
that even the robots ignore. I'm told it's the place to go
when a student or two wish some semblance of privacy

The Convention made an effort to reduce the un-
friendliness of the dormitories several years ago. Thus, the
central lounge on every floor boasts a looming 100-gallon
aquarium, populated with the most unusual and colorful
salt water fish the ocean explorers could capture. The
experiment was all but abandoned when the fish showed a
remarkably irritating habit of losing their color and drifting
somewhat lethargically around the tank before simply ceas-
ing to move. There are a few hardy survivors, I'm told,
mostly fish that no one can seem to identify, though they
are large and lumpy, gray and rather malignant.

Construction and Launch Bay

Outside the dome lies a small scar on the moons

a tiny area scraped clear of rocks and rendered absolutely
level by some monstrous machine or other. A network of
interlinked cabins sits upon this flat zone, joined by pulsing

life-support tubes. At any hour, you can see people in

Universal Suits puttering about with tools and guns and
assorted gizmos and gadgets. Periodically, one of the lower-
lying buildings opens and spits forth a Void Engine or three.

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest 113

NK

ID.


The Void Engineers use these cabins for the construc-
tion and launching of satellites and vehicles, and for staging
some orbital and Solar Space operations. Yes, this is where
UFOs are born.

Laid underneath the packed surface is the wiring for
the base's Dimensional Science Transferal Unit. The DSTL
is the means for staging Solar Space missions.

Space Marine Facility
Rambo isalive and well and livingon the Moon. When
we say,

shall

the Deep Universe was proving itself to be
unpleasant, the Void Engineer high command created an
elite corps of dunderheads to go out there and fight. For the
good ofall the Earth, of course. It wasn'tdifficult; givea man
a gun and an excuse, and he'll go to great lengths to blow

things away. Anytime, anyplace

As the jumping-off point for Deep Universal travel,
Darkside became the perfect place to letaspiring Flash Gordons
kill themselves without putting too many other people in
danger. If they survived their training period (I'd say about
75% of them do), they would be strapped into Universal craft
and shipped off to ports of call in the Final Frontier. Very few
of them ever see the Earth again, but hey, it was getting too
crowded there anyway. And with the marines out of the gene
pool, the planet is better off for their sacrifice

These days, of course, it's not just men. My own, shall
we say, state of health is ample indication that the Border

114 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

_ ae Eee

About 20% of

today's space marine crop are women, and they're trained to

Corps is an equal-opportunity destroyer

be every bit as stupidly efficient as the men. Upper-body
mass doesn't count for much in zero-gee. The average
training period runs about six months. Anyone who can put

up with Darkside that long is prime cannon fodd... | mean,

candidates for the Saviors of the Universe award,

A rotating guard of 50 marines keeps full-time watch
over Darkside Base. Whether they're protecting, policing
or harassing the rest of the complex depends on who you
ask. Twenty to thirty Boarder Corps cadets train at the
Facility, which is neatly separated from the main complex
by a series of tunnels. Armories and equipment storage
chambers mark the distance. In spite of their supposed duty
to safeguard the other Base personnel, the marines regularly
assault their peers for lack of anything better to do. Since
the Neanderthal complement makes up about half of the
base's population, there's not a whole lot that anyone can
do about the problem. Official noises get made, of course,
but boys will be boys, after all, and most incidents are swept
under the lunar dust

Every once in a while, things get crazy outside the
base; people show up dead, and weird "aliens" start hop-
ping about the moonscape. When that happens, the
valiant Border Corps marines get out their guns and go
target-shooting. They never seem to kill much, but the

effort makes them feel better

{4sa107U] Jo stpeayy sano] Jaadeyo
By

‘say MONT siase] ‘sBuLAS OY] ‘aD~PYDaIU v UO Jad w ayy] IYBI, YaLM
eAnOgy -yszea oy o1 uns ax Woy aoueasIp oY] "WU ]e> — Papeosyp ae ‘Je pue yromaoU ‘qops "eas
MOUOMSYy "Py ‘smiper UL AY | Nogy {I st Bq MOY] PAP] SOO] A "speasya aya UONUdUI 02 IOBIOy | ‘SAA "YO.
"AFoYMOS]> O]qeyIwoIq aIINb sat ang ‘sere asoyp UT JOUUTYA auayds
SPSS Sse] oy pur seas oy woy deme parseyq say aqoys — uoshq_ wasup. y ‘ssayds UOsdcq ke Sat AYBI saey_L

‘Buryp aayque oyp

ayp Jo ]]easoupe Suryyy a1aydsoune s,s19yp 's9,4 "s19ydsoune "1 unyplas eLOeUL sey]oIs atp suteAUOD

aya Aq padojsaua ae nog asowi aup ‘s19se] 9Y2 WO 398 NOA — yeU aqops oBxe] AyqedetUas v ‘ouayds v st JLOMIDU IEE UTA
JoyEy ayp pur "Aypengoe Iysiag oanb sa] FOHAIXE ay Ue — pu Leys ayA SupUNoyns YsH] Jo Goa v st ay IeYp azt]eoI NOA
[eudsuoo osou! Joye st os9Yds ayp Jo JOWOIUT 9Y_L "S19Se]— pu JRss9s0[ ‘asnytp swadde 1 Supper Ueas jemaov yp Bus
We]Jas OYA Woy Avare Ajdavys 499A Udy sysed IYBIY 2418 — spnoja ses esdeysod Sunprauoss,suayp rep aso ursag No< pure

-Udg ‘OpIsUT a1,NOA pu suapRosg JOPLOD ay) ‘Ay[RULT ‘Faso 199 nod utp pury "weas Wp Aprey ‘asse] eBUT|qu9so1 TUIYD

"MOU NOA ‘41 Ie peg 10U a4,NOA se BUO] sk -oUIOS aa8 NOK ‘9sI9\TUP daac] aUp se SI9dUIBUg dtp OF UAOUD
ef auIng) "Arwurproenxa
EMASOYJOAUG "OP — auinb sap dog ayy soiuad, yoreasoy snoiuiadory ay,

[]A8 1oIpt awos YBnoyp ‘sowed SuLAe]d oJ AWE v ION "ZAYIO adog sopuexayy

‘siodutSUg plo, yp UT ‘18M09 10 ‘Koqmod v aq 01 1YBLI |e JNog ‘adeds JaINO Jo stpdap oy WK

say shoqmoo aoeds peg ino Burpaam jos:

ayp uo Aq Suuzeas 2eys vB Jo 1YSI] paresUasuoD aya puL apls Jeqas wou ‘spun aq 01 Suadsy
duo woy AjsnoraSuep Burpnniosd shaystyoop ste YaTAr tat Bagiig
pref sped

‘spo8 aq 01 Suuidsy
‘sa]!U 40} SayDANS JOpLUO> Ase] Pue Od AUD oY], : : :

*spo8 aq pnom sjaSun ‘sjadun aq pprom way
srpindutos avu ayy dn gas pur p

pay saoptd ° .
oye r0p1d uaxunap v 298 OA Vaya uLD]Goad v say "wayqod says ays nut ysna pun ‘2.ayds sry) amb TV
& 9q 2,UpyNoys a1 ‘za14y ay UO 2,Ust JaInduios eUONes ALU say] 4041 ano ‘apd Suwosvas uy ‘apud Uy

4NOA se Buoy se ang ‘snossBuep 303 ues ayy ‘suUINJoo doyoa SIU

are sqiod ay INO} ‘Yaw ‘saq ‘payooyssun Ajaiua you

94,n04 ‘poo8 "YO jsuoIsuaUNp daap UT sajod Jo sias ary aq
a 4 x IY asuaJop UI YDUqaas v,, pautz9 sea 1OIUNODUA dY | "SIOIP!
Pjnom asaya qeyA MoU Op NOX ‘ajod Yea Iw 9UO ‘xIS aqo1 d
3 Burioggis jo yoed v ‘yayeopy Jeauayy Jo omnaAsuT souredsaq]

pasn a1ay |, "paso aze siiod Aaqua [eULsiI0 aup Jo Iso ‘

: aya 01 Yo paddiys 198 01 AyuO "ur eq awIOD IUOWYDEIDP
"ur Aeme anoupia sty 24H SUNPIUIOS 34 ey pue ano auas 198 uoWYDKIAp v paysrem | ‘O194p
pling 01 pidnas aq pynom ap "ur Ae e s,a49y asino9 JO sem | IY A\ "Yons pur siuauidojaaap Mou pur siaiunosua

‘yey punowe padee st ype guyprerap sio# UORUIAUOD ay UT dUOAIDA UONeOI|gnd
Mw auayds yueIs ve ‘adeys

romiou Josey & pur UE punose sde. Aqysuow ayp ‘ompdy posiaanu ayp ur payst|qndsseaspes, rey

inuysnop k st seas YL;
say sun

98 NOK Op ‘D]PPHU AYU! OY EIS g yey aseay avy ,cAatfeo4 Jo Huqey ay 02 sieasya AruNdas,

nJOI BS IEA se paqeuruyya age siue

adeys anuysnop est snuoa y j

Aap ayp [pe pue ‘aoueqinasip Aroaa
*sM40} & SAT "9|PPI—_oa payoaedsip ase suadxe
dyp punosw sosjng AJaaoy a1ow! you ‘ONY ‘a104ds ve J

uonezmturg Yat soauren sdioc)

aBUO] — iaprog ‘asino9 jC ‘sIseq AepNBastwas & UO aseq ay Bumnseyd
OU St aeas ay IY 99s URD oUO ‘BU

B yons ay "ysnoyy — syuetaap Aayyeas,, Jo oquinu ares w age ayoUp "AypeEMIy
‘aq Buynsyquy asour aya s} JeqUad oy) U!.JeIs SY] ‘aased pavogpaes jo souUIp aNod Joy NOA BU aYsIU

AYBIS snouOps v Ajduns sar "YQ "sajod ay Woy BuND!0Id — gyer Jo Sues ypeuus e Uoy oUy J9AUNO A "aseq aYp Jo sIOUIOD
1Yys1] Jo sre] dBurze]q pury "ssaurepjo Bun vy AyeyoIenbs —_ pasnun Spep ayy ort o# 02 10U UOsea! poos Ajjearveas Aaya puy
aa9siq ‘SYBI] YM Buluep "Gyo aaisseu siyp S| 998 NOA —-apysyzeG] siopueAL EY SaeY_| "UTUHIAA pauUy "sapeyqyouars
yeyar ‘dor ayp jo Aarutora arerpauuu ayp YP

4 NOK 39UC) Suydueo puv siaxpel soyIq p21] Suuwam aq pynoys Aoyp oy]
ue yrys pue dao sa8jng aya Suryorem asnf ‘shep yoo] wep sBuryp Suryqo ‘Big -aoueppioaans 40} soavay OA\N

Jo} WY? Iv aIeIS PNOd J AN ‘UoReardsqo SAsIdWIg [YA —ayssing ayp se apt se are pu apIs4zec] 1 108 Ady Ng "MOU
MOU NOA «

aya Yt

9.01 ASaSO]D SopIs oY UO aB]ng sivas oY] Nod ‘aay sBay ano} UeLP azow YaIA SurypAue aavy aug] "wo,
sotweudp Jeuoneios pue AreUOLNJOAa Bunvursey ‘Mouy — aye] ‘9deds ul sayoRoNd0_ "sayovoryo0F ‘stuv9y Jo Yap aya
nod ‘uowWOs AyqIpasoUL ***saleUIg INOge siNoY JO} UO O83 — adi

rosa 0} paseuew IY sHuryp Apuo ays aro syed qeUp avadxa
PIN [YOON {MOA I,UpIp Weep Mouy Nos ‘Areuq es} taIshs rye | "UMOP aed Poo e dady 3,UeD NOX "sier_URITOAUO|

YL G40 Y Stal j} ypessz iouued J "aaatjag | NeIUaD eydpy — ‘Ayn Big "swey "sHurys Sunray May v axe osotp "AypemIoy

"Jog avau Suryroutos "YE {a st seas yory;y "ax9yds oyp asnt "Suvaty [jis a4 doyp sua | aseay Wy "stooursug plo
‘sjouejd ou are azayy ang —a8ny st Suny siya "Yaquuswos "KY aya soy adaoxa ‘]]a/A "SASeq_ANO Ut 10 ‘WOOP ay? UO AatTE
uoriaz Aaeaoued sreas op ur aauue A]penise nos Udy L Burypdue aust ooy_L "uoHsonb Alps v wy {AHOJOIq

Aquyur oyut yo ryBrens

K © -

KGRAll

KZN ||

Y

72S

NG Ail

Yes, yes, that is rather large. But this is space we're
talking about. You have to think big when you're dealing
with space. Planet-spanning bases, time travel, universal
conquest. You know, that sort of thing.

Just how much space is that? Heavens, I haven't done
those calculations in years. I could tell you the volume of the
sphere and such, but it would mean absolutely nothing to
you, dear. Nothing atall. It would just be a number with a lot

of zeroes after it. Just like seeing the actual size would mean

nothing to you. The human mind really just can't conceive
ofhow much space isencompassed by a Dyson Sphere. Think
big and mind-boggling and you'll do just fine.

M.C.
fable sphere. The only true gravity comes from the sun. The

her's dreamland exists inside that cold, inef-

Cop itself has a bit of a spin, just enough to give it somewhat
of an artificial gravity band around the equator. That's the
dark line of demarcation that you can see from the outside.
That's where some matter has collected and some plant and
animal materials exist. Some of the Void Engineer facilities
are here as well. The band itself is fa
the surface of Terra. Just amazing.

more surface area than

Spinning alone in the vast breathable "void" are little
planetoids, either "natural" or unnatural in origin. The
natural ones are conglomerates of flora and fauna that live
together for survival. The unnatural bits are usually labora-
tory groups. The lab conglomerates are truly boggling to
behold. Usually, they comprise a number of different labora-
tory constructs linked togetheratahub. They can be attached
at any angle, with or without spin, and can be of any design.
One that I belonged to had a sleek silver orb, a Skylab-type
contraption and a Gothic cathedral all linked together.

Which one do you think was mine?
Oh, yes, there are bodies of water here as well. Huge,
undulating raindrops. You've

seen what water looks like in
zero gravity, haven't you? Think of those little droplets
floating around on camera in the space shuttle, only the size
of the Pacific Ocean. More incredibly, a large number of

those huge droplets are utterly sterile. Perhaps the

passed too close to the sun, or a las

1, or perhaps they've
never had the good fortune to stumble

Cross any spores,
plants or other bodies of water, but they are completely
without contaminants. Oh, the Progenitors love these places
Gives them a chance to play god, or goddess, or something
like that.

Yet some of these vast oceans teem with life. Some of

them are hard to identify, because they've acquire:
kind of algae or lichen that has enveloped the boundaries of
the sea and entirely contain it in a network of greenery. No
one has dared to penetrate those frontiers yet. Or if they
have, they haven't returned to speak of it.

some

Now, once inside, you will notice that the lasers do not
actually go completely through the sphere. The
"south" lasers are independently generated from a mael-

"north" and

strom of energy on each side — you know, the "north" and

116 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

the "south" sides — of the star. Those sides correspond to
the flattened sides of the star, the top and bottom of the
doughnut if you will.

The reason that the star is flattened is that there are
gravitational lenses above and below it. Those lenses reflect
the gravity back on the star, pressing it into the torus,
leaving a dark nexus that has been surrounded with gravity
diffusers to make it zero-gee. The lenses also focus some of
the electromagnetic radiation being emitted by the star
into the

ers. Those lasers are the center of the defense
grid. The energy storms are caused by the attraction of the
electromagnetic energy to the gravity lensing.

You simply don't want to be near the north or south
poles of the star or the Cop. Trust me.

History of the Cop

Never open the door to a lesser evil, for other and greater
ones invariably slink in after it

— Baltasar Gracian
Y
Dimensional Science Evaluation, Administration and Train-
ing Committee (DSEATC) decided that Darkside no longer
fulfilled the needs of the Void Engineers. Well, that's the

‘ars and years ago, well before you were born, the

party line. I think that a certain pressure was being exerted by
om Earth and

the high muckety-mucks to get farther away
the rest of the psychopaths in the Technocracy. Beside:

more and more of the influential research groups were
moving farther and farther from Terra. There had to be a way
to make the Void Engineer central base more accessible for
the people doing wild and crazy research. The Moon was just
alittle endangered by the encroachment of the Horizon (and
by other little anomalies, as we've seen).

They say it took them something like 40 years to plan and
construct, then take

apartand replan and reconstruct, and twist
and change and adapt for unexpected gravitational forces, the
Research Center. Engineers, don't you just love them? They
forget that they're only human, and inevitably make mistakes.
The mistakes made in building this place could be counted in
bodies. Could be, except in many cases, the bodies couldn't be
found. Hundreds died for the Cop, just to build it. Rather like the
pyramids, I would suppose, or the Tower of Babel.

Finally, though, in the early 1970s, they cut the ribbon
at the Halley Academy, and there was much rejoicing. The
Cop had become, at various points, a thing of awe, of
mockery, of disregard, and finally, of respect. It was the
closest thing to the future the Technocracy had yet seen, a

veritable crystal ball for the Technocratic Utopia. If they

could create something like this, one of the seven wonders

of the Deep Universe, they could certainly overcome hu-
man nature to make the Earth safe for humanity.

With the crash ofa champagne bottle, the giant STAR
engines were induced to concentrate the solar wind into
one monstrous blast, and the Cop was spun to create
simulated Earth normal gravity at the equatorial band. The


Halley Academy gently settled down to its appointed loca-
tion with very little ado, and life went on.

After a few trees and rocks were attracted by the equato-
rial region, falling rather like meteors with some of the same
regrettable consequences, it apparently occurred to someone
to wonder what would happen if one of the droplet-oceans
were caught. A buffer system was developed and installed
shortly, its generators maintained in position by remote con-
trol from the Halley Academy.

Now, originally, mind you, the Cop was ofa different design
than it isnow. Thestar in the center was untouched. There were
nocrystallinestrandsofenergy. No, no, there were sis

enormous
solar vents, one at

h pole, and STAR engines installed in
cach of them to distill Quintessence for the lab groups' use as
they moved their facilities into the Research Center and set up
shop. Each pole was named fora famous physicist orastronomer:
Schriidinger, Hawking, Bohr, Maxwell, Tsiolkovksyand Planck
All men, you'll notice. Then again, most of $

ience's "Grand

Old Men" were indeed old men.

The design was lovely for a peaceful site of scientific
research. Unfortunately, what many people forget is that the
Deep Universe is rarely peaceful. Within a year of its comple-

tion, the Cop had its baptism of fire, and it failed miserably.

They say the
not, whether there were barabbi in their midst that they didn't

‘ve never been sure if it was an inside job or

know about. Of course there were, but whatever the case, the
Nephandiand theiralliessimply walked in the frontdoor, nearly
undetected. I've heard that one young student noticed an
anomaly, but when he pointed it out to his supervisor, the elder
scientist threw a tantrum at him and shredded the readings.

STAR
plosions. The Schrédinger

Before anyone could respond, the two "pola

enginesweredestroyed inshatteringes

sextant blew one way, the Tsiolkovsky another, and the entire
sphere was thrown intoa degrading wobble. I understand that it
rather resembled the penny, spun on its edge. Then they threw
their forces against the Planck engine, one of the "equatorial"
vents, and severely damaged it. The carefully calculated equato-
rial gravity was negated, lab groups crashed down and up and
You

must understand that the explosions were more than planet-

sideways,

mospheric storms ripped through the spher

rth should the Moon

sized; think of what would happen to the
be shattered! Th:

s small-scale compared to what happened in
the Cop. I don't think they ever got an accurate total of the
deaths that occurred just in the first blasts. Again, with that sort
found.

of force in space, the bodies are rarely

The sphere was teetering on its precarious gravita-
tional suspension, threatening to plunge unchecked into
the heart of the star itself.

What remained of the marines in the Cop were scrambled
todeal with the Nephandi. It was a brief and bloody battle, and
resulted in the decimation ofboth sides. The things from beyond
departed, no doubt satisfied with the havoc they had wrought.

Meanwhile, an emergency team of the best surviving
control center in

Engineers gathered in the emergenc

DSEATC's main laboratory nexus. At least two members of
the Committee died that day, burning themselves out and
their machinery as well, but they managed to use the three

remaining engines — Hawking, Bohr and Maxwell — to

directionally vent solar wind in carefully calculated spurts.
Well, that's what they'd have us all believe. They probably
said, "Oh, shit! We have to stop this! Quick, guys, do
"... and then they did it off-the-cuff and were

something
incredibly surprised and relieved that it worked. They
managed to almost completely stop the rotation and the
wobble, which saved everyone who was stupid or unfortu-
nate enough to still be somewhere in the Cop.

In the aftermath, the Engineers realized that their
detection and defense grids had been next to useless. The
Schrédinger and Tsiolkovsky engines were completely
unsalvageable. They would either have to rebuild the Cop,

and rebuild it better, or face becoming the laughingstock of
the Technocracy. So, bold and intrepid individuals that
they were, they decided to rebuild. Rather than try to
rebuild the polar engines, Research and Execution created
the polar gravity lenses. Originally, I think the idea was just
to lase the star and create the satellite network for the new
laser defense grid. Some wag then decided to doughnut the
star, just to see what would happen, | suppose. At any rate,
the defense grid went up, and the fixed satellite network
they installed can now produce directional lasers capable of
splitting most spacecraft into atoms. So they should be able
to dent the occasional ravening demon from the Void
It's a high-maintenance design. So much so that the
whole place has become rather a joke to the younger genera-
tion, myself included. We used to call it, "Tychoides' Folly."
Tychoides is the leader of the DSEATC, and the Convention
as a whole, as far as | understand it. The Cop is simply this
cosmic white elephant, lumberingabout, mostly useless. There
will never be enough members of the Convention to utiliz

even one per centof the space in the Cop. It's just insane. Even
ifthey created a planet and transplanted thousands of humans
onto it —which the Progenitors would love, by the way, ifthey

ever thought of it: captive human lab rats with no Paradox! —

it would take millions of years fora population to even begin to
strain the environment. It could be the perfect solution to

creating the Utopia the Technocracy wants.
But I find it really difficult to believe that the Void
Engineers created the Cop. So do many people, now that

the Engineers have been somewhat demystified to the rest

of the Technocracy. Even with every Technocrat pitching

in together, something the size and scale of the Cop wouldn't

be possible ina millenium, much less 40 years. They say that
suppressed by DSEATC, of course —
that the Cop is old, much, much older than the 30 or 40

there is evidence

years the Convention has been in possession of it. That it
was built by someone — or something — else.

Do I believe the rumors? Think about it yourself, and
see what you think after I tell you a bit more.

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest. 117

WN

ID.

NO Ail

WZ N

Points of Interest

How many interesting plac

s can there be in a place
that's orders of magnitude larger than the Earth? Well.

The Centrus Complex

At the center of the star, in the nexus, a spheroid
construction nestles within a set of gravitational diffusers:
the Centrus Complex. I suppose the name signifies the
place's position at the center of the Cop. It's about a mile
across, with a thick, reflective layer to protect its contents
from the heat and light of the stellar material surrounding
it. From appropriate locations in the Cop, you can pick out
the tiny bright point in the center, assuming you have
sufficient filtering mechanisms on your telescope.

Naturally, the only way to get here is through the use
of a Quantum Field Inverter with the appropriate coordi-

nates — a transporter, if you must. Only two or three QFIs
in all the Cop have the correct coordinates. Miss the right
transport spot and you're toast.

According to what I've heard, the inside of the Centrus
is null-gravity and very dark, with heavily polarized and
radiation-shielded observation areas set all around the out-
side of the sphere. Some of the more mystically-minded Void
Engineers retreat here for meditation, and some of those

more inclined toward stellar dynamics set up semi-perma-
nent data collection stations here. Supposedly, the very
center of the Complex is an entirely dark room with no
gravity, completely empty of everything but air, and quite
thoroughly sound-proofed. Rumors say that some of the
cartes Institute of Mental He

this place as a sensory deprivation environment for e:

specialists from the De Ith use

xtract-

ing information or for performing experimental treatments.

The slender ring built around the Centrus Complex is
a prototype Quinte:
Tass from the vast energies of the nearby star. Once the

ence Furnace, collecting and distilling

collection process proves stable, the STAR engines can be

taken offline once and for all, and all of the Cop's laborato-
ries can be hooked to the Furnace, providing internalized
self-sufficiency for the Convention, and increasing the
security of the Construct.

A number of Void Engineer factions have been vying
heartily for control of the Centrus Complex for a few years
ations were "in committee for

now. Last I heard, the appli
discussion," which is another way of saying, "the admins

aren't letting loose of it for nothin'."

The Vivo

Around the turn of the century, according to my source for
this story
an apparent rogue asteroid drifting between stellar systems.

ateam of far-traveling Void Engineers stumbled upon

Suspicious, they landed and discovered that it was no asteroid —
the thing was a ship! This juggernaut, with what seemed like a

mind of its own, let explorers penetrate its outer crust, but no

118 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

further. Several years of analysis led them to believe they could
jury-rig a control center on the outside of the vessel, tapping a
vast exoskeletal network into engine conduits, and into the
impressive and terrifying weapons array. They did so, and
happily brought this giant back toward the solar system.

After some sort of mishap with the main weapon —
which, by the way, I believe involved the dropping of a
miniature black hole on Tunguska, Siberia — everyone
decided the ship was best left untouched until they could
find a way to delve its internal enigmas. There has been a
rotating team on it ever since, according to what | was told.
I never joined the staff. I stayed away from everything that
didn't involve my own research, you understand

Ultimately, the Vivo was placed in orbit around the
Cop. The Void Engineers keep it nearby for study, but far
enough away so that no one gets tempted to fly off with it.
Of course, should that misfortune ever occur, the Techno-
crats could be expected to blast the Vivo out of space, rather
than let this marvel slip into other hands.

It's rather strange to look at... just a huge, dead lump of
matter, But there's a feeling of something not-quite breath-
ing on the back of your neck, something not-quite seen
slow, de

watching you, something taking p, waking stretch

and peering at you in slowly dawning comprehension.

The Hive
A slowly rotating, perfect, 10-mile-wide sphere of

lly, that's what it re-
sembles. Very much like the outside of a hornet's nest. It

ay parchment. No, re

looks quite fragile, as if it would ravel apart upon first
contact. One section of the wall has indeed torn away over
the years, and inside you can see perfect hexagonal cells
each wall soap-bubble thin and transparent, with rainbows
playing over what look like transient surfaces. I've been told
that when these walls are touched hard enough to break
them, they shatter, rather than pop, into crystalline frag-
ments, and these shards vaporize as they touch other objects.
The odd part is that no one knows who or what built it,
or how, or when. The Prc

nitors apparently deny any
involvement, though they're willing to send in an analyti-
cal team. Respectful scientists that the Engineers are,
though, they refuse to send anyone in to invade it until they
know if it belongs to someone

The Halley Academy

The Academy is where all Void Engineer students
learn how to be good little Technocrats, and to learn skills
appropriate to the research they want to perform. It's quite
a facility, complete with rather luxurious dormitories, hy-
droponic gardens, domestic animal farms, recycling plants,
state-of-the-art research equipment, simulators, barracks
for the enforcement divisions... just about anything you
could ever desire ina Utopian technocratic environment to

make it totalitarian... | mean, totally self-sufficient


It's one of the few Void Engineer structures actually set
on the equatorial surface, placed in a cleared area of rain
forest they've managed to engender in some regions. The
land around it is scarred by the vagaries of the complex itself
during the Great Wobble episode, and probably will be for
several years more before some topsoil resettles itself there.

The buildings themselves are designed to be as futuris-
tic as possible, in a narrow sort of hard science-fiction way.
As Darkside Moonbase was the vision of the future in the
early 20th century, the Academy is built in a mosaic of

visions, varying from Heinleinian to Roddenberryesque.

It's a conglomerate of structures from several generations

and a panoply of designers; sprawling in some areas, tower-

ing in others, yet somehow managing to be homogeneously

bright and oppressive.

And then there was Life...

The inevitable seeds and spores and small lives that
accompanied the Void Engineers out into the wide open
spaces of the Cop have flourished and changed. The eternal
daytime of a world built to surround its sun, the intense
of radiation and Quintessence generated by that
carefully manipulated star, and above all, the vast regions of

level,

space with breathable air and water provided, have all
combined to form near-ideal conditions for the spread of
life. The combination of radiation and free Quintessence
provides impetus for a rapidly diverging population. The
genetic diversity of the Cop is already supposed by some to
be as vast in comparison to Earth, as Earth's is to the
Galapagos Islands.

Galapagos Islands, with those tiresome finches. Haven't

you ever taken biology? Saint Darwin, you know.

The Dyson sphere supports an astonishing variety of
organisms. Recall that the entire globe is filled with breath-
able atmosphere, with the minor exception of a zone
starting about 20 million kilometers above the sun's sur-
face. Oh, yes, minor, believe me. Most of the known life
here surrounds the comparatively narrow "gravity" belt of
the equator, since most of the Void Engineers who know-
ingly or unknowingly carried the ancestors of the current
organisms live and work in this region. As life creeps like
mostly green carpet away from its original landing place, it
grows stranger and stranger, adapting to this enormous and
un-Earthlike environment.

Well, it's un-Earthlike now. I don't know if it ever was
Earthlike.

The Progenitors, thoroughly enveloped in their collec-
tivedeity-complex, have carried outanumber of experiments
adapting Terran genetic material to gravity-free environ-
ments. Inevitably, a number of these experimental
organisms, grown in their artificial wombs, have sprung
forth into the ether of the sphere, either intentionally or
accidentally. | shudder to think what some of the Progeni-

tor grad students have done in their spare time, or for class
I've heard something about Elvis sightings, but I

project
prefer to disbelieve those rumors. The King doesn't really
have much of a place in alien environments.

Generally, you'll find two types of creatures inside the
Cop: the ones which prefer the surface and those which
float through the atmosphere, though some may inter-
change between one environment and the other. Most of
the recognizable surface-dwelling life is confined to within
three million kilometers of the "gravity" belt, since it really
hasn't had the time to travel any further. However, itis still
something of a mystery how they mar

d to perambulate
that far, most organisms not having spaceships. However, |
think it's likely that some of them are taking advantage of
Void Engineer vessels. Either that, orsome of the mutations
have developed faster-than-light travel.

The ground-dwellers along the equator closely re-
semble creatures from Earth. Plants of all sorts, mammals,
insects and birds flourish, though close inspection reveals
h mutational
ay from the
rth-normal gravity at the central part of the band, they

that new species already exist, probably throu

sources natural and human. As things move av

change. Plants become both taller and more deeply rooted.
Animal life becomes both elongated and more fragile than

Earth counterparts.

its

Yes, fragile. You hardly need to waste energy making

when you're wor-

extraneous muscle and bone in zero-ge
ried about finding something to eat in all that space
Under negligible gravity at the edges of the most fertile
matter of the "gravity" band, plants begin to take on
fantastic and impossible shapes: lacy fronds and threadlike
"air roots" to gather water. They reproduce through runners
and multiplication underground. Seeds are too chancy to
cast off into a world where they may never touch ground at
all. Trees mai
branches mai

y be literally miles tall, though their trunks and

be no thicker than a pencil. Animals develop

on Earth

wings far less exacting in their design than win

would be, and clawed or sticky feet enabling them to cling
where they wish. Very pretty.

Remember, when there's no gravity, you can poten-
tially produce escape velocity by exhaling too hard.

Many of the organisms that spring into being in the
null-gravity zones also cast off into the atmosphere, either
to stay aloft all their days or until they somehow manage to
find other places to land. Insects have assumed truly
Brobdingnagian proportions, while some mammals resemble
air-gliding stingrays. Bats are among the largest of mam-
mals, with monstrous wingspans and proportionally tiny,
low-mass bodies, while birds quickly adapt to the demands
for greater speed, while reducing their muscle mass required
to stay aloft.

Of course, the first organisms to launch themselv

into the atmosphere were unicellular, photosynthetic, and

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest. 119

HL

ZN

ID.

"sapins 4noa pue speuinof mo 01
JoNqHUOD JURDIyIUAIs B aq O1sasTMOAd sy949as INeUOd WI
uleya9 Bulploae Ajsnorpmas ayy uvya yons yA Aol
pur apiid ino Aeniod ues oya au0dmos Ye 194g "419190
Ano JO Jaquaw ayqenyea e aaoid [IM JOyxBUIYA\ 3G
‘aanany ay ut sdeysag "Yoog siup ut papnyout ag pjnoys ay
yey) aul dDUTAUOD OF Ysnoud-snoIwnseid drysaqueidde
ue ‘90uadg ueynf "ag pawiesiss aya sapun parpmas qa[eD,
‘pwiipping jo sabied ays UEsI0a JaSea pue aU

PACHIYAL PIED #

"90UdIDg JO SPOD AY?
Ajo] 02 ang adeashatd & ‘stpodouaw ares1aay e Suro}
siuawnuow os9q-uy *
‘saut] daeys so uoNeIaUIO|BUOD kv ‘AYs ay? OUT dn ayLAs sBUL

svj8 pue uoHeiuaweUO SuLAsnd

-P]ing ‘saqoys sse]3 pue saysip aayypores ‘sauids auNUaae jo
Siu aysiqung suNnnunUOD yoeqsuIaH atp ut aUIAEG

auueg aya puodag

SPH, 0 YOOE PULL: zl
"syson JBUOISeDDO AaYI Pue JOYA JO suOg ]]e Jo UONENSIA
atp Sunteme ‘uoneaouut asaind jo uoneIoge]}o9 Bupaya ‘But
-aayas ‘Surzzrya & ‘wNnUTUOD YeGsWIAD ayp aonponUt | ‘os
Pury ‘sMo]]2j AW jo UOReoNpe ay 10JI1 UO asTIeaN v>IIA OI payse
ugaq Suraey ur apiid qeass ayea ‘Yay Jo US IOxLINY A PTLD ‘]
SUHO} S11 [fe Ul 2UAIDg Jo A10pB pue soMod ap on AUOUIS si
pling oi suoya satp pourquios avy saaaypy jospaupuny ‘aperap
sed ay J94Q ‘os AYSU pue ‘supeay Oper | ayp TTP Jo pareaqa
-]P2 SOW dtp JO aUO SI WNNUUOD ypeqsUIID
atp ‘wypeay uozuOp] yeai3 e UL paIe20]
san, unum pun 2auang ‘tysMouoIg qose|—
sanard pooypryp s2yno fo waavay Suupunosar-qury
‘appt ayn fo uorsiar wapow vp — uanvay fo warp
Dsom snp ‘sqI4\ "DH OL "Kddboy aq 01 xd20x0 ssou
-isng ou spy yorym Karupuny v ‘aouaqonauag wafad
yum ‘amt siaauisua qunsepa 771 aya yorym ur ‘sT2/x\
"O'H fo warp ay ‘warp iaypoun st snp

LUNNUIJUOT) YORGSUIOD 9Y_L

"ABojouYydar Ayop 01 posedaad w, sdeysod 40
‘ap oa Apead wi sdeyag "aureu Aw UoNUatU pue peaye of oq]
‘sBunasep] BuNOd Syoog aNoK sdjay siya adoy Ajureasa> |

"paita W,] UBIs ans e ‘Ona0d OO} sey SuIXeM WL ANG "YY
"way punoze ASojouypar ayp areiqaja2 pue

Ayap aou0 ae aeUp Arts19arp Jeo!Zoporg Jo sdof ayp or anqua

& JdYIO ayA pue ‘eidorig, Jeo!ojouysar jo JOUOY yLa]q
BO} aINqII B ‘AUG ‘sUOHUDAUOD IUaAyIP yoy oma Aq
ying a4aM Aaya swiaas sow] 11 UDIAYIp Os ‘saseq JaaUIsUg,

plod quenodut oa {21 a,ust ‘UosUedwWoD SuNsNUT
UOISN]OUO')
ssoUep dy UT sapry TeYA A]va]9 Os BurpEIAad 10}

SurAjuio a1our ‘azojaatp pur ‘paresrarwun pur Assezq 1yst]
ay) ‘ay Haas pur seas

auay ajqupieak adeds asea ayp yo yon
Wey? [RIAL ING "ssaUAEp aINjosqe sMouY YoryA arayds aya
ut adejd Ajuo ayp st reas aya Jo JaqUad aya "Ysnoud Ajprla yy
(uowuos Ajrej are suuoaspura Surseaes ‘a8ny ysnoya) von
-eudisoad Aastur pur spnopp aavs oyIvaM apa] Pur sUOseds
ou ‘suoneuea asi] ou ‘aumYystu ou sey dod ay

uapiep sepnotaaed siya ur ayeus & paruem auo ou sdeysog
‘dog aya or woyr ya YN UeTadaz BuLUq 01 pazayiog
aAeYy O2 stiaas aUO OU IBY? st aiou SuNsesaqUr Uy

"sBoug] [ng jo snaoyp e eA Suryeoud sf

MB SL aDUIS ‘Aqueau

SI qo] oesje ue voy q]92 seme ues NOX "sBuryp asaya

uo aautyp Aayy "pasiourut

aiajdwos Suraq ueyp saypes
‘Mou NOA ‘918M ABIL Is 02 99] daUIOg "sueaD0 Je] e a4 UO
Aquo ayy Ayensn Aaup ang ‘punoge Suayatys pue Surddoy YI!
Jlayp pur soy paaput aue aay J "sBoyy ‘sad "YO {95]9 IY)
-steq pur ‘siuejd pur "ysy pur ‘sprig pue ‘sng sey og

"woyp quny 02 sarafiqedes Surumutas-a1e paayoaaaaey , Ysy,,
ay? JO aWOs puk ‘sUBaDO asay] jo BIO] Puke UOISsUaI adeINS

aya uo daly ‘epodosyue jo snuas aya Woy paaowia Joyies
suistuedi0 pur ‘s199suy "URDDO Y>EA UT sUIDYSKsOda IUAIOYIP
pue sarsads quaiayip — ,ysy,, JewawuAs Ayperpes yaar

apis-Aq-apts aat] Ysy ,JeUIOU,, ‘sUBaDO asayp Jo sAUIFUOD ay
apisuy "A[snoraaad pouonuaw ] yoy ‘ueas0 aajdosp aya
s wayshsooa SuNROY JO adAj 1ofew J9YIO ay ‘9sIN0D jC)
Mos aes aYI JO BuryIUIOs vas Oo} WeABOId sdynd
-wo> pares1{diuios Ajaqerapout Aue ae Aypnyaxe9 Yoo] pynoys

ay uny pjor | "aze2 pue 8ur

rose} Ajquuiar sea siya yurp
01 pauiaas a} "euarew aUas ry UNIS aypEI YT stUsTULAIO
jo Grununwos v 4 ‘sjeyaIeU SeUas asiaaIp AjqIpassuUt
YIM wstuesio apsurs ev st yea JoYEYM seapouN Ayjenise
stat os ,3yunn,, 02 yun, pue ,youesg,, 02 ,Yyoursg,, Woy
soSueyp Ajjenpess pur ‘ayqeinu AJawanxaag or swaas eau
onauas ayy 's9an Jo AUOjOD & pue aan JENS a]BuIs B UdaANI9q
Burypowos are Adyp qwyp st saan aya Jo yodse asosuens
ayp ey? MoUy aduUO | JONUASoIg w Aq por UDAq >A,
sso10y UreI ULTUOZEWTY ay] Jo sUOIaDas
Surureutas ay Jo sour URL pasnoy 2 e119I9eq pue sprig pur
sjeuue aya ur AIaUeA DNdUAas aio pauIEIUOD 1 aaNs UW]
pozis-iaueyd ainb Sutog premo2 Avm quajoput si Buiddey
A[MoJs ‘ssoude sIdIDWO]TY 9 sem 9912 pousodas asaBse] IY,
Aep yeuaaia ay jo aBeIURApe 983 UD saps |]e IVY Os Ap MOTs
aadydida aya Suneios ‘dey Ajauas 02 st ‘sisayudsoioyd sapis
-aq ‘asodind ajos asoya saavay ay!]-a1pped peosg paajoaa
Daey warp Jo aquinu Y "2109 APO prpos B Woy PreAINO
Surasnayp saavay pue s1001 Yog YIM ‘eouaYds AJa19}dwos
Burmois ‘asaya yo Aueur JO} aungons aya uUOy AqPEMIDe
991 | ‘swiaisisooa SuNLoy Iuapusdapul WoJ 0} URdAq AdYI
Jayi950) pue ‘way? poutof sustuesso Jasse] aya AypenyusAq,
Pury s,9UO Jo Jayouk SuNIaW J9Aa Jo sisIx9 adUEY [291 OU
yey asuowUTT Os USUTUOM AUS Ue punoge ApWopuLs SuNLOY
st auo 71 sasnuy aze sommpenb asoyp "Suronposdax-Aqpenxase

.
y

II WAIN

Metallic zeppelins, Etherflyers and jet-packed aero-
nauts vie with the clouds. Ether-powered phaetons zoom
along raised highways like shiny silver beetles, their hel-
drivers looking out through rounded windshields.

parallel

meted
Scientists stroll or ride the moving sidewalks that
these highways, linking the magnificent buildings of the
Realm. Their various odd toys, equipment and apparel
combine with the vehicles and the laboratories to produce
a constant background song of zaps, crackles, bleeps and
hums. The Gernsback Continuum is never silent.

By night, the Gernsback Continuum becomes a city of
science-fictional tomorrow. The buildings light up, becoming
beautiful monuments to Scientific excellence. In the

uniquely
a Mars anda

sky, stars twinkle among giant planets: a Saturn,
Venus, Magnified, these not-so-distant planets crowd in for a
closer look at the Scientists, looming large and heavy over the
Realm, Illuminated zeppelins struggle for primacy against this

impressive backdrop of celestial bodies. Giant spotlight beams

verters, hydro-accelera-

criss-cross the sky;and the electro-con
ground.

and ion dispensers drone in the ba
We, the Sons of Ether, built the Gernsback Con-
tinuum asa representation of our perfect Reality, a world in
which Science runs free. Many of us remain in the Realmall

our lives, performing experiments and investigating theo-

tors,

ries, Gleefully, we heat our test-tubes, argue our points, soar
in our Etherflyers and fight our duels. For many of us, the

Gerns is the closest thing to Heaven:

An Offering to Science

For years before they began its actual construction, the
Assembly debated potential layouts for theit
Because it would be the most

Sons of Ether

greatest Horizon Realm.
important of the Sons' Horizon Realms, many crucial
design elements had to be hashed out. Overall, the plans
which resulted perfectly expressed Scientific philosophies,

antly imaginative and appropriate

and proved el

More debate surrounded the choice of the Realm's

name and the Assembly finally decided upon "The

Gernsback Continuum," in honor of the extraordinary
inventor and publisher, Hugo Gernsback (1884-1967).

rnsback had received more than 80

During his lifetime, €
patents forsuch advancementsasan early form of the bone-
conduction hearing aid and a sleep-learning device which
he had dubbed the "hypnobioscope." A respected editor
and publisher, Gernsback was the force behind Modem
Electric magazine (which later became Popular Science), a
for insinuating new tech-
Stories, the first

renowned Son of Ether outlet
nologies into the mainstream, and Amazing
to science-fiction of
In his lifetime,

magazine devoted exclusively
"scientifiction," as Gernsback called it.
Gernsback himself contributed a great body of work to the
genre, His technological foresight showed in his imagina-
tive fiction. He predicted with startling accuracy a number
of upcoming inventions such as radar, microfilm, artificial
fabrics and fluorescent lighting. Gernsback was recognized

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest. 121

‘

NO All

IZ

for his contribution to the advancement of the genre when
the top annual prize for science-fiction novels was named
the Hugo, in his honor. Although he was old when the
Realm was completed, Gernsback himself was present at its
official opening, and is said to have wept with joy.

Since its establishment, the Gernsback Continuum
has changed little, yet the frenzied level of activity in the
Realm stimulates the occurrence of many exciting and
strange events. Thus the Gernsback Continuum has earned
the nickname "The Realm That Never Sleeps."

Places of Interest

Where to begin? Such a fascinating place, with so
much to do! Perhaps I should start where so many visitors
and residents alike begin their journey to this wondrous
world: on Earth

The Great Hall Chantry

The Gernsback Continuum Hor
reached through the Great Hall Chantry in Paris. Designed
in the tradition of royal Parisian architecture, the Great

on Realm can be

Hall has only two levels, albeit tall ones. Located on Rue de
Puilly, near the Centre Pompidou, its large front courtyard
accommodates panhandlers and street performers spilling
over from the crowd at the Centre. The Sons of Ether
appreciate the daring of young people who walk on broken
xcited

glass and breathe fire, performing their tricks to an
gathering of tourists and pigeons. The smells of butane and
bodies mingle near the doorway of the Chantry.

I must confess that we have let our Great Hall go to pot
somewhat; its upkeep, I fear, has been neglected in favor of
the Gernsback Continuum. The interior decor has seen
better days: worn, fabric-covered chairs surround square
wooden tables. The lighting comes from dim overhead
fixtures. The walls bear paintings and tapestries whose
dusty surfaces dull their original splendor. Even the drapes
have faded a bit with age. Although I notice only the aroma
of aged pipe smoke, some visitors claim the Great Hall reeks
of faded elegance and abandoned glory.

The Great Hall houses our esteemed yet un-Awakened
colleagues and the newest members of the Chantry. Other
than that, its rooms serve primarily as hasty meeting places,
classrooms and settings for discussion groups. The more
secretive and subversive scientific gatherings precipitate to
this earthly Chantry.

Most visitors these days come solely to pass through to
the Gernsback Continuum, where the real action takes
place. The only three portals to the Realm remain hidden
in remote corners of the Great Hall, guarded by special
inventions designed to foil the unwelcome. Horace
McKinney, the capable majordomo of our Great Hall,

strictly guards all access to the portals through a series of

checkpoints. His special sentinels, both human and ro-

botic, wait at these checkpoints to screen visitors. Visitors

122 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

had best be prepared to answer many personal and profes-
Master McKinney has
a long and illustrious history of dealing with intruders, and
with

sional questions if they wish to pas:

have many wonderful toys

his experienced sentinels
which to pulverize unruly visitors. Only the overconfident
and stupid would dare to be anything but polite to them.
Any Son of Ether may enter the Gernsback Continuum;

however, those who have gained Master McKinney's favor

will of course receive priority status, while those who

displease him would do best to avoid the Hall altogether.

Once the visitor has passed all muster, he or she is
Tucked away in
dark alcoves or behind faded curtains, these wooden doors

escorted to one of the wondrous portal

teem with carved collages of aeronauts, rocket ships and
streaks of lightning. The doorknobs glint with a special
nds of turnings.

shininess, their brass polished by thousé
Beyond their doors lies the Gernsback Continuum.

The Great Hall on the Horizon

A mirror reproduction of the Great Hall exists on the
other side of the portals, more brilliantly decorated and
cared for than its mundane twin. Extremely elegant in
comparison to the Earthly Great Hall, the Gernsback
Continuum's Hall has velvet wall-coverings and heavy
cherry furniture. Silver Art-Deco lamps with fringed and
Tiffany shades provide light above early 20th century
chaises, high-back chairs and leather couches. The smell of
cigars and cognac lingers in the air.

While the Great Hall Chantry in Paris has mock
windows designed for outside decoration and inside pri-
vacy, the Great Hall of the Gernsback Continuum has
floor-to-ceiling glass lining every exterior wall. This mighty
son ahillabove the cityscape, looking out over

mansion res
aglorious view of the entire Realm. Robots scuttle here and
there, serving drinks and tidying the rooms. Odd gadgets
and thingamajigs hang on the walls and sit on tables, each
with its own unique purpose.

Outside the building, a park of green grass and flower-
all.

Sculptures and fountains which move, spout and even spark

ing trees surrounds the hill on which sits the Great f

decorate the lawn. A clear glass orb, 12 feet in diameter,
occupies the front courtyard. At the core of this sphere, an
electrode sends blue lightning leaping around inside. Any-
one who touches the glass finds a bolt of electricity drawn
to the point of contact, although she receives no shock.
This orb serves asa monument to the late Nikola Tesla, one
of the greatest Scientists to plumb the mysteries of Forces.

The residents of our wondrous haven ride through the
covered with dials, lights and even rockets.

park on bicycl
Others coast by on jet-powered rollerskates. Ata picnic on the
lawn, youngcouplesare served by robotic picnic baskets whose

telescopicarms|lay out the blanket, pass out the food and clean

ons of Ether do normal things —we simply

upafterward. The $
don't do them in mundane ways.


The Assembly of Science

This powerful body convenes in the Great Hall of the
Gernsback Continuum. The Assembly of Science initiates only
those Sons of Ether who have proven themselves under extraor-
dinary circumstances; as you can imagine, our definition of
"extraordinary" is uly extraordinary! The Assembly hears and
rules upon matters of dissent among Chantry members.

Honor Rock

On the far side of the city, a vast open area, roughly four
football fields square, serves as the Realm's certamen dueling
site. Honor Rock resembles a pyramid with the top sliced off.
Stairs run up the side facing the Great Hall, flanked bya long

snaking ramp for easy access of wheeled robots and personal
vehicles. We Etherites call this the Walk of Honor, for all
contestants must climb the stairs to the top.

Duels occur for many reasons, among them the resolu-
tion of disputes, defense of Scientific honor, or merely fun
and practice. When Sons of Ether duel, we first must decide
the method of combat. We may choose foot combat, with
hand-to-hand or missile weapons, or personal vehicle com-
bat with armored phaetons, a battle which ultimately
resembles a Demolition Derby. In other duels, great Scien-

tists may each pilot an armored zeppelin equipped with

gamma guns and ray beam wi These duelists at-

‘aponry
tempt to out-maneuver and shoot down each other.
Spheres summoned for Honor Rock duels appear differ-
ently than those used in normal certémen challenges (see
The Book of Shadows). Instead of the traditional floating
ephemera favored by so many of our mystic counterpart, we
Scientists favor physical representations of the Sphere in
question. Although such creations, made of energy rather
than matter, are not true devices, they serve us well in the
circle. The Sphere of Time, for example, may appear as a
simulacrum of a hand-held dish with a firing array in the
center, while Forces might appear as a lightning gun. When
a duelist activates the Sphere, the array sends out waves of
multi-colored vibrations which create the desired effect

The Centers for the
Advancement of the Sciences

In specially-advanced Research Centers, our students

and Scientists investigate, study and invent the nine ele
ments of reality. Here, we explore our theories and test our
tools without fear of the Earthbound Paradox effect. Each
of these Centers has special qualities in its design, qualities
which reflect the nature of the laboratory's purpose.

© The John W. Campbell Center for the Study of
Dimension Zero (Correspondence)

Clear, crystalline gargoyles perch atop this Gothic
styled stone and glass building, symbolizing the empty
within the solid, the nakedness within the form. The Sons
of Ether who work in the C.S.D.Z. investigate a dimension
that cuts short the distance between two locations. In 1934,

John W. Campbell termed this dimension "hyperspace

honor his contribution to Correspondence theories, the
building's des
* The Doomsday Building (Entropy)
Located on the edge of the Realm, Scientists in the

gners chose his name to grace it.

Doomsday Building concentrate their research on the pro-
duction of destructive devices. Out of necessity, the exterior
of the building has been reinforced with a special Ether
material, stronger by far than either concrete or steel. This

heavy exoskeleton shines brilliant opal in the brightness of

the Realm. Beautiful in its lines and exterior ornamenta-

tion, the building requires this extra insulation in order to

shield the Continuum from any entropic mishaps which
might occur within.

* The Electrodyne Towers (Forces)

Named for the Electrodyne Engineers who first began

research into Forces in the late Victorian era, these two

identical 10-story towers stand side-by-side. Combinations
of copperand gold girders criss-cross between multi-colored
windows, creating a giant three-dimensional stained-glass

structure. Giant electrodes attached to the facing sides of
the buildings produce electrical currents which leap peri-
odically across the open air between them. Inside the
towers, a network of laboratories continue to provide new
insights into the natural Forces.

* The H.G. Wells Life Sciences Building (Life)

In this Cente

Scientists study the Sphere of Life in all

itsmany variations. Named forH.G. Wells, who co-authored
one of the most famous books on the subject, The Science of
Life, in 1931 and who made a lifelong study of the mysteries

of biology, this building resembles a turn-of-the

century
mansion, entwined with vines and surrounded by a rose

garden. Its peaceful, healing energies are renowned among
our Tradition, and many tired souls come here for rest and
relaxation in the strange spa-like atmosphere.

© The Natural Philosophers' Tower (Matter)

Named for the Natural Philosophers' Guild, the true
originators of our Tradition, this Center continues our
ever-present explorations into the nature of the Absolute.
Eventually, we will convince our Council companions that
the origin of all other forms lies in the primordial Ether,
incarnated in simple Matter. A solid black tower juts from

the bare rock where the Center re: climbing

ts, its stairv

and d

into the sky cending deep beneath the Tower's
foundations. Inside, dedicated Scientists carve ever deeper
tunnels in search of the elusive Factor OXS, the keystone of
our studies into the Tenth Sphere.

* The Metaphysics Lab (Mind)

Three spires

rise from the corners of this triangular
building, representing the creative, analytical and meta-

physical aspects of the brain. The complex's surfaces reflect
the Continuum back upon itself, a looking glass of self-
examination and internal travel. Inside, Scientists create

devices which enhance or destroy the abilities of the mind.

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest. 123

NW

1c

ID.


© The Tower of Quintes
The Continuum's greatest Node sits under the founda-

ential Power (Prime)

tion of this building. A giant rod, driven down into the
Node, taps Quintessence and draws it up into the hollow

center of the tower. Translucent walls allow the glowir

rod to be seen from the outside, a beam of blue neon shining
within a block of ice. Here, Scientists study better ways to
store and tap "the juice." Like the Wells Center, this facility

provides a welcome respite for Scientists grown weary with
long and fruitless studies. A short visit here allows them the
strength to carry on

* The the
Extradimensional Travel (Spirit)

Center for Advancement of

The tallest building in the Gernsback Continuum, the

Cc.

dimensions that make up the Tellurian. On top of the

-E.T. houses those Scientists who study the Etheric

building, a glass dome houses their central offices and the
control tower for their airfield. This vantage point allows

them spectacular view of the entire Realm, while Etherships

and dimensional rockets take off from a grassy field next to

the Center, practically under the Scientists' watchful eyes.
tions Unit (Time)

An Egyptian-red pyramid, covered with glowing mysti-

© The Temporal Invest

cal symbols, tops this square, blue, windowless building
The pyramid rotate
on the hour

slowly, coming full circle every hour

Here, Scientists who have turned their
talents toward the development of time machines and the
investigation into the nature and flow of time perform
their arcane calculations. | am told they have perfected
idly, this
supposed development remains confined to the Gernsback

the impossible — traveling back in time. S

Continuunonly;"and very striee protocols iprevent:wide
research, at least for now

The General Mess and the Supply
Mall
E

their e:

on Sons of Ether need supplies to live and to perform

periments. At the general mess, food is grown and
processed, then sold in a market-like atmosphere in a giant
warehouse of chrome and glowing tile. Everything you
could desire from the mundane world, from "fresh" squab to
cheeseburgers, is available here. Although many of the

older Scientists prefer their synthesized foods in their tradi-

tional form, some of our more futuristic colleagues simply
gulp down pills and drinks that combine the tastes of the
"real" food with their nutritional capabilities.

At the supply mall, merchants licensed by the
Assembly sell mundane (i.e., non-magickal) goods
and services to Sons of Ether too busy to travel back
through the portals to obtain their goods. This ex-
tremely profitable trade has produced an elite class of
merchants; applications for approval are backed up
several years. The Scientists living in the Continuum

124 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

purchase test-tubes, diodes, sheet metal, clothing, sim-
ply everything here. This remarkably large mall has
nearly three miles of shops on three stories. If you need
it, you'll find it here, from toilet paper to office supplies.

Ecology

All Sons of
some time or other. Many live there full-time, conducting

her visit the Gernsback Continuum at

their research and their lives in complete rejection of the
Earthly world's ugliness. Although I reject the notion that
such isolation produces madness, these Etherites do tend to
be somewhat out of touch. Nearly a hundred Scientists
inhabit the Realm, and an additional 20 or so can be found
visiting at any one time. Over a thousand un-Awakened
ke up the

companions, loved ones and robotic servants mz
rest of the Realm's population.

Over the years, the Gernsback Continuum has become
its own society, with an infrastructure sturdy enough to
support the people who have chosen to live there. A cross-
city transportation system, consisting of raised highways
and flying shuttles, allows citizens to travel quickly and
easily from one place to another. These highway:

connect
all the buildings, and mass transit stops are made at each
alled
phaetons, use the same highways, zooming around the city
like bubbles of skittering mercury. The zeppelins, which dot

one, every five minutes or so. Personal vehicles,

the sky, do not serve the same functional purpose; instead,
they are for duelling or sight-seeing, rather than for actually
propelling people from one place to the next.

Because so many have made the Gerns their perma-
nent home, it has developed an economy all its own.
Residents of the Continuum use a system of currency, called
the G.C., forall intra-Realm commerce. The G.C. isa gold
coin which can be used to purchase supplies and services
from other inhabitants of the Realm. Approximately 10
G.C.'s will purchase a meal and 500 will lease a house-robot
for a year. The coins come in denominations of one, 10,
100, and 500. As you can imagine, counterfeiting, though
possible, is grounds for permanent expulsion

At the general mess, a giant farm and grocery store,
robots and other automated systems produce food and water
for the entire Realm. Many of the necessary raw materials

are shipped in from the Earth, although special Life Sci-
ences are used to genetically enhance the vitamin content

and growth rate of vegetables. Food produced in the Con-

tinuum begins in pill form. When water is added, it expands
into a full meal, warm or cold as warranted, with all the

aroma and taste of a home-cooked supper.

Beneath the city, out of sight, great pipes connect the
buildings. This arterial system carries waste in its many
forms to a central processing plant beneath the Doomsday
Building, where it is destroyed. Special Sanitation Robots,
jokingly nicknamed Laxatives, roam these sewers, ensuring
that all runs smoothly


ry role in the

nece:
Im. Scientists create

The ever-present robots serve
day-to-day maintenance of the Re
them to perform the routine jobs so necessary to an efficient
Each robot, oddly unique in shape and design,

community.
has a specific job. Together, they 200m from place to place,
performing their duties, or park patiently to one side wait-
ing until they are called or needed. These robots sweep,
dust, cook, and even do windows. If there is a task to be
accomplished, there exists a robot designed to perform it

The Sentinels of the Great Hall

Those brave folk chosen to man the checkpoints in the
Parisian Great Hall must prove themselves trustworthy and
accomplished Scientists before the critical eye of Master
McKinney. These sentinels work in pairs, screening each
visitor. Any challenge to their authority will be met with equal
or greater resistance, depending on circumstances. These

sentinelsare understrict orders to protect the portalsatall cost;
while on duty, they take no chances and trust no one.
Although they realize the seriousness of their duties,
many sentinels use their positions to harass new visitors to
the Realm. Some mislead newcomers into strange and
embarrassing situations by making up their own admission
rules. One of the most famous "pranks" involved a newly
Awakened Son of Ether visiting the Gernsback Continuum
on the orders of his mentor. The sentinels on duty that day

convinced the young man that he had to remove all his
through the portal. The naive

clothing before he could p:
young man believed them. It caused quite a stir when he
crossed over into the midst of a crowded room, naked. The
sentinels responsible were punished, but not harshly. Vigi-
lance, even if occasionally mischievous, is essential when
guarding so precious a Realm.

Alll hail Science, the savior of Humanity!

Midrealm

1am Forethought,

The Death and Resurrection god,

The Flayed One, the Scapegoat

For three eternities,

T have hung upon these hooks in the searing
heat-haze,

My flesh burned and bleeding

Eachnight, the Creeper comes to tormentme,

To consume my flesh and burn of my blood.

This is my self-sacrifice, and punishment in advance

Each morning, I am born again with greater insights

In the pain and ecstasy of death,
I learned of runes and charms, the nature of sin

s to human-kind,

I sent these secre!
Along with community and cultivation,

Hope and faith, fire and invention.

For this boldness, I punished myself,

By hanging from the hooks,

My flesh burned and bleeding

For I am Forethought,

The Death and Resurrection god,

The Flayed One, the Scapegoat

Aboriginal gods and spirits wander freely across all of
the Middle Umbra, from the Penumbral reflection of
Earth to the Near Realms of Garou Cosmology. Yet when
some significant issue arises, concerned parties meet here
in Midrealm for discussion.

Midrealm is aptly named. Not only does it lie in the Middle
Umbra, but most Umbrood contend it exists at the very center
of Realty, known to some of you mages as the Correspondence
Point and to others as Mount Qaf. The validity of this claim is

not confirmed (or denied, for that matter) at this time, even by
your so-called "Masters of Correspondence." More symboli-
cally, "Midrealm" refers to the place's reputation as a neutral
meeting-ground for spirits of all kinds. Spirits who gather here to
discuss matters beyond Earthly import.

Background

These spirits tell a myth, one widespread and consis-
tent to a remarkable degree with many of our own:

At first, there was nothingness — the Wyrm, the
Void, Oblivion, Entropy. This Void persisted indefinitely,
since even Time had yet to be conceived. Then suddenly,
a drop of Wyld, of primordial essence, splattered into the
Void. Another drop followed the first, then another.
Where drops of Wyld struck the Void, the two essences
canceled one another. Something was created. This Some-
thing (also known as Pattern or the Weaver) took the
form of a single seed. Fed by the erratic Wyld-Void
reaction, the seed grew into a sapling: the Alder Bole. As

NY

+ An Anonymous Deseription

The traveler who/wrote me this account desired
that [keep his nameasecret, and I have. His research
has proven to be valuable to my Chantrymates in the
past; so hasked him to detail a Realm he frequerits on
his journeys, a Realty somewhat apart from-the-Near
Realms described in Chapter Two. A Realm not quite
"Horizon Realm," ofe beyond all simple categories
Supposedly, this place bridges the paths of all Three
Worlds. Deeply hiddéfthis Urabral Gatded may an-
wer questions many of us aré too insecure-in'our own
beliefs.to ponder. I leaveconclusions up to you.

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest

Zan

DD.


the tree grew, its roots spread across the Void and eventu-
ally covered it completely. And yet, the Alder Bole
continued to grow, its vast and wide-reaching network of

branches brushing the High Umbra. At the tips of each

branch, a bud opened and a new Realm blossomed. Mean-

while, its roots had burrowed into the Low Umbra, giving
form the Lands of the Dead. This part of the myth explains
why the Alder Bole reaches into many Realms
According to myth, the Alder Bole gave form to other
things as well — the Sisters, Umbrood and aboriginal
spirits, and entities you would consider "gods." Where
Pattern was most vital — in the Middle Umbra around the
trunk — a physical reality eventually formed: the Earth,
its elements, animals, plants and mortals. In short, all
things sprang from the Alder Bole
At pi

et Wyld essence continues to fall on the upper

nt, the Alder Bole is stable and wide-reach

ing
branches. Here dwell minions of Dynamism, such as the
Protean Hawk. The Void still exists, as well. One of its
minions, Typhon, gnaws upon the roots of the Alder Bole
Most spirits believe that the Void will eventually free
itself, the Alder Bole will fall, and reality will collapse
They also believe that falling Dynamic essence will strike
Entropy to create another pocket of Pattern. And thus a
new cycle, and a new reality, will begin

Midrealm itself exists at the base of the Alder Bole,
where ground girths the trunk of a mundane tree. The
curious among you — but aren't all humans curious at
heart? — probably wonder how you might reach this
Realm. Perhaps you should begin by meditating on ar
cane patterns which unwittingly evoke the Alder Bole
t
Tree of Life, or even a simple tree. The Alder Bole is the

e rood or cross, the swastika, mythic accounts of the

beginning and center of all things; its influence is omni-
present and universal

Places of Interest

For the point about Hell — as of Heaven — is this: when
there, you are in your proper place, which, finally, is exactly
where you want to be

Joseph Campbell, "The Mythology of Love"

Midrealm's Barrier and Beyond

Surrounding Midrealm isa mystick barrier, a shimmer
ingrainbow wall of unimaginable height (seemingly reaching
the Horizon itself). On closer inspection, a wanderer might
realize that the barrier consists of an unknown type of
Quintessence: neither free for collecting, nor shaped into a
raw Pattern... unknown, at least, as mages understand

things. Four burbling, ephemeral rivers issue forth from the

barrier at what would be considered the cardinal points on
Earth, and they continue off in four directions.

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

mm ams


The barrier is almost impervious to attack. Certainly,
no wanderer I've met could create a permanent breach, and
I've known Grand Masters in my time. Experienced Spirit-
mysticks find that they can push through the barrier, just as
they would Earth's Gauntlet. Strangely, those leaving
Midrealm face no resistance.

Within the Realm, the first thing visitors notice is the
Alder Bole. Though it stands far distant, the human wan-
derer must strain her neck to follow its trunk from tangled
roots to mist-distant boughs. Its crown brushes the Horizon;
its branches penetrate the barrier. Four rivers gush from
beneath the great trees' roots. Though overshadowed by the
Alder Bole, the rest of the Realm is no less remarkable. From
barrier to Bole stretch vast swaths of meadow and glade,
Zach one of the hundreds of biomes

forest and wetland.
supports abundant animal-spirits and ephemeral foliage

The Alder Bole

Depending on one's perspective, the Alder Bole could
easily be called the Tree of Life, of the Knowledge of Good
and Evil; the Sacred Tree; or the World Tree. The Alder
Bole is said to have existed since earliest times, even to
have spawned many Realms. A manifestation of Pattern
(or the Weaver), it is certainly one of the last vestiges of
pure creation remaining. The Pure Ones are said to have
sheltered themselves beneath this tree, and some claim
that the One Itself climbed the Bole's branches and hung
upside down searching for wisdom.

The Alder Bole leads to many Realms. The upper
branches reach into Realms on the High Umbra, while
the dark burrows beneath its roots descend to the Lands
of the Dead. Worm-holes within the bark run between
the Realms into what travelers call the Zones, and the
Bole's leaves drift upon Deep Umbral winds. By follow-
ing the great tree's swaying shadow, one can travel to any
place in the Middle Worlds. These paths are safe and
swift, though not without complications. The Protean
Hawk that wheels about the upper branches demands an
ever-changing toll. Travel beneath the roots takes one
past the subterranean lair of Typhon, where the bones of
gods bleach in an eternal sunshine.

As wondrous as the Alder Bole itself is its yield. The
Fruits of Eternity are seedless, with golden skin and
juicy-sweet, honeycombed flesh. Besides being rich in
Tass, legend suggests that the fruit can have a wondrous
effect — immortality or enlightenment — upon those

who eat of it. Unfortunately, Typhon tends to hunt those
who tamper with the fruit, so the truth behind such
legends is difficult to confirm.

The Hall of Many Meetings

At the base of the Alder Bole, nestled between
gnarled roots, lies the Hall of Many Meetings. This great
loghouse is about 150 feet long, 50 feet wide, and 50 feet

IN

high at the gables. Its wooden walls seem as sturdy and
immortal as Time itself. Depending on one's perspective,
its architectural detail might resemble that of a Viking
greathall, an Amerindian longhouse, a bamboo jumba,
ora wooden pagoda. The interior is decorated by painted
skins and detailed, carved reliefs in many different styles.
Five hearths waft rainbow vapors through five smoke:
holes in the roof.

The Hall serves as the meeting place for aboriginal
spirits and other Umbrood. The nature of Midrealm is
"common council," a remnant of the days before Babel. All

voices carry weight here. Whether aboriginal spirits are
meeting or the Hall is otherwise vacant, three beings are

always present: the Sisters.

Ecology

Midrealm's "native wildlife" includes animal spirits,
Glade Children and Elementals of the four most common
varieties. Other spirits hold council at the Hall of Many
Meetings, or pass through while using the Alder Bole to
travel between Realms. The following Umbrood dwell in

Midrealm only, and never leave.
The Sisters

The
unwilling, they drag.

Fates lead those who are willing; those who are

— Seneca
Known as Fate, Being and Necessity, the Sisters re-
semble dark-skinned women in simple gowns and bare feet.
One is wrinkled, the second worldly and mature, the third
fresh and innocent. Though these forms are not their true
ones, no one visitor has seen them otherwise.

o one truly understands the Sisters (as they are
formally called), but many claim they are but one of the
manifestations of Crone, Mother and Maiden. Spirit
lore credits them with the existence of spirit and mortal
alike. Supposedly, Fate defines an individual's pinnacle
y; Being rules

of
over daily happenstance and chance, which might end

<istence, his or her best possible destin

existence prematurely; Necessity oversees one's inter-
nal well-being (aging, illness, etc.) Whether these claims
are true or not, all afford them respect. On a few
occasions, intervention by the Sisters has been enough
to quell an argument between even the haughtiest
Umbrood.

Forethought

Nestled between roots of the Alder Bole stands a
copse of tall pines. The lowest boughs are 30 feet off the
ground, allowing for clear visibility. In the midst of the
copse, a large, well-muscled man hangs suspended from
dozens of chains, secured by hooks pierced through his
skin. Beneath him, a patch of flowers and ferns poke up
through the blood-nourished soil.

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest

IN

V/ AN

ID. WW,


ZZ NN

This is Forethought. He holds no affiliation, and
hails from a time before the Earth's formation. His self-
imposed punishment is this: by day, he hangs exposed to
the elements in a near-death trance; by night, Typhon
consumes a part of him. Such suffering will not kill him,
as he is eternal. Instead, the ecstatic experience provides
him with hidden insights, which he has shared with
mortals in the past.

Should someone ask Forethought the destined ques-
tion, "What ails thee?" the hooks finally rip through his
flesh and he tumbles to the ground. Chains immediately
wrap around the stranger and haul him up into the boughs
Forethought rises, quickly regaining his strength, and

at his savior: "By taking the mantle of suffering upon
elf, you have confirmed my faith in humanity." He
then departs, to begin a mortal life.

loo

yours

Until someone else asks this same question, the new
Forethought is destined to suffer continual torment
Fortunately, until freed, this new man can be considered
a demigod; he will not die, despite his own desire to do
so. The second consolation is that, if finally freed, he will
have gained many insights.

Victoria

Typhon, Jaggling of laldabaoth

An aspect of the Eternal Wyrm Ialdabaoth, Typhon is
a giant twisting serpent with centipede legs and a head at
both ends. This dark beast coils beneath the Alder Bole's

roots, gnawing at the Patterns of Reality and guarding the

way to the Lower Umbra. Occasionally, it ventures forth to
cause grief for those seeking the Fruits of Eternity.

The Protean Hawk

The Protean Hawk is a manifestation of Dynamic es-
est branches of the Alder Bole. A
creature of chaos given static form and sentience, it patrols

sence residing in the hi

) Umbra. Travelers are expected

the byways towards the Hit
to pay a variable toll before being permitted passage.

The fruits and plants of Midrealm are nutritious to eat, but
poisonous if taken from the Garden. Those who would leave the
Realm must pass through the shimmering rainbow barriers once
again. Although it issaid thata mortal visitor may enter only once
ina lifetime, I have been to Midrealm many times. But then, by

most accounts, | am not mortal, and know little of your ways

Fare you well, good sirs and madams. And be careful
what you do

Station

Innumerable Suns exist; innumerable Earths
revolve about these Suns in a manner similar to
the way the seven planets revolve around our
Sun. Living beings inhabit these worlds."

Giordano Bruno, February 17, 1600
(just before being burned at the stake)

Victoria Station is a wonderful Neo.

Baroque edifice of marble and glass. Doric

columns support the sculpted facade, and the

main structure is topped by a copper dome, tarnished a
marvelous shade of turquoise. It looks much like any rail-

road terminal built in 19th-century England. The only
difference is that this one stands on a chunk of ephemeral
rock floating through the electromagnetic currents of Luna's
Horizon. In layman's terms, it's a space station orbiting the

Moon... in the spirit world, no less!

From this forward base, Sons of Ether launch missions

of exploration into Etherspace, also known as the Deep
Umbra. Only three ways of reaching Victoria Station exist
first, by Umbraship; second, by employing powerful Spirit
magick; third, using some sort of teleportation device (but
if such a "transporter" exists on the station, it is not
common knowledge). Void Engineer sentry satellites make
the journey difficult, but every attempt these brackish fools
have made to assault the Station has failed. As faras | know,
they have since given up hope for such malfeasance.

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of W.

orlds

128

Background

Originally, Victoria Station was a part of rail baron (and
Electrodyneacolyte) Stephen Lawrence Robertson's Trans-Spatial
Railroad. The year was 1871. Through a network of teleportation
tunnels and Spirit gates, this intriguing venture attempted to
link the world by rail. Atfirst, only select Awakened conductors
knew the routes; but eventually, it was hoped this mode of
transportation would be available toeveryone! Victoria Station
stood in the Penumbra of London, anchored to several powerful
Nodesand protected bya deserted warehouse (itsmaterial shadow).

Tothe detriment of Progress, the Trans-Spatial Railroad
project ended in disaster. After only a dozen runs, the Spirit
of da Vinci took a wrong tunnel and disappeared from exist-

fter a flurry of finger-pointing, the Electrodyne
rs began multiple investigations into the cause of the

"accident." The results were inconclusive. Ultimately, the:
placed blame on a combination of "human and technical
error" and then attempted to forget the whole embarrassing
experiment. Victoria Station fell into abandonment.
(Asan aside, one Euthanatos claims that the train and
its crew — including many noble Scientists — was side-
tracked into the Low Umbra. At midnight on each
anniversary of its disappearance, one can supposedly spot
Currently,
on is perfecting ectoplasm-sensitive photo-

the train at certain haunted switching yard:
Professor Ni
graphic plates with which to confirm or refute this rumor.)


© From Doctor Van Baas
When Alexis Hastings as

Victoria Station chapter of her new Realm traveler's

ed me to write the

guide, my reaction was two-fold. First, I was quite
honored, Alexis is a capital mage;and a close friend —
she and! collaborated ona number of experiments and
even afewarticles for Paradigma: "Prominent Daugh-
ters of Ether" [Vol. 82, No. 3], "Blueprint for an
Envirosuit" [Vol. 84, No. 2], and "Kelvin 6500: The

Melting Temperature of Primium" [Vol. 89, No. 1].

My gecond)reaction was cohfusion. Though an
Ethermage, have only visited Victoria Station on a
handful of occasions. The first was shortly after
Graylock Ghantry was destroyed; in the course of
being assigned as chief engineer aboard the starship
Etherjammer, I made a layover at the station. Since
then, I've spent a couple shore-leaves there. As
Alexis has singe_explained, it was precisely this
"visitor's perspective" she sought

In-writing this-entry, I wish to thank Professor
Dubrius for making time for an interview, and security
specialist Henri Maudirfor his guided-tour of the station.

Cheers!

Doctor Van Baas

The history now fast-forwards a dozen years, to 1893
Captain Horatio Savage had just returned from his moon-
landing. His original crew were missing, his Vernwell
rocket virtually shaken apart at the rivets. Shockingly,
Save

the Inner Circle, he stated simply that "Luna is unworthy

ge refused to publish his findings! In his one memo to

of further scientific research." A year later, the hastily
funded Void Se
contact with Luna's surface. This has been the case with

er probe Raptus was destroyed upon

every attempted landing since.

Let us return to Captain Savage. Despite his appar
ent failure, Captain Savage was even more insistent on
exploring the Deep Umbra. However, he knew a forward
base would be necessary. When the Order of Reason
refused to fund him — and even fellow Electrodyne
Engineers failed to support him (a bit of petty academic
vengeance) — Savage uttered a dramatic oath and went
his own way. A wee

later, the captain's peers were
bu:

ng with news of Victoria Station being ripped from

the Penumbra and reestablished in orbit around Luna

Rumor had it that Savage had rediscovered Arcadia, the
Faerie realm, and had made some sort of pact with the
fae. True or not, Victoria Station is something of a
wonder. Unlike the vast majority of Horizon Realms,
this one is located in Luna's orbit — not Earth's — and
draws Quintessence from that realm.

Despite his earlier rash words, Savage made it clear

that fellow Ethernauts were welcome aboard the new

base. One of the first to receive an invitation was Dubrius
(then just a Student). This was quite fortunate. Dubrius'
newly-patented Oxygen Engine — originally designed
made life much more comfortable
aboard the Space Station Victoria

for submersibles

When the Electrodyne Engineers defected to the
Council, Victoria Station became an Ethermage-only
club. Void Engineers were banned. Even mysticks from
other Traditions could come aboard only as guests of an
Ethernaut. Since then, the history of the station has
been relatively uneventful. |

*t me mention one point of
interest: Professor Dubrius was aboard Victoria Station
on July 20, 1969 and reports that no mortal landed on the
Moon. "Rubbish. Nobody since Horatio Savage has set
foot on Luna. That is irrefutable fact. Humph. Jules
Verne may have invented science fiction, but the Void
Engineers perfected it."

[Editor's Note: When the Fisher Princess and |
interviewed Dr. Catherine Nichols, rogue Void Engi-

neer, concerning the possible existence of

any
Technocracy bases in the "Deep Universe" (as they call
it), her answer gave me quite a shock. Dr. Nichols
claims that a Darkside Moon Base has existed since the

19th century! (For the complete account, check else-

where in this chapter.) I passed this information along
to Professor Dubrius. Initially, he scoffed at this "load of
rubbish." However, I have heard rumors that — as of
this very writing — a team of Ethernauts is preparing to
survey the far side of the Moon with the most innova-
tive scanning devices available. Until this contradiction
is cleared up, I thought it best to publish both "truths"
verbatim. — Alexis]

Places of Interest

Disintegrations and air pollution strictly prohibited.

Outside
The station's foundation resembles one-half of a

The top is
smooth and flat, covered in manicured lawns, trees,

spherical asteroid, a quarter-mile actos

paved walkways, a few stray rail tracks, and buildings.
The underside looks like a plaster cast of some mun-
dane moon crater. The entire body is contained within
an artificial atmosphere. Every so often, bubbles of
steam, smoke or carbon dioxide break loose and drift

into the Ether

Four spacedocks fork out from the edge of this
asteroid. No more than cast-iron girders, wooden planks,
and chain-and-post moorings, they are ugly things, yet
utilitarian
Umbraships are docked here. The sister ships SES Nau-
tilus and SES Argo, shaped like barbed arrowheads, are

Usually, one or two of the station's

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest 129

DWE

INN


S

classified as cruisers. Each is supposed to carry four

Y

crewmen and a 10-man boarding party. More often,
they ferry Ethernauts to and from Earth

On the lip of the asteroid, between the docks, stand
rows of warehouses (rumored to house moth-balled inven-
tions and strange discoveries). Not only do these buildings
provide a protective perimeter, but they also prevent ab-
sent-minded Scientists from falling off the edge. Dominating
these lesser structures like the monarch it was named after,

WZ

Victoria Station stands large, harsh and imperious at the
center of the asteroid.

Inside

The station's main doors are 10-foot-tall, brass-bound,
maple monsters, replete with grotesque knockers. When
they open, agong echoes through the station. Visitors enter
hly 40 feet by 40 feet,
decorated with plush chairs, a great fireplace (in which

a spacious lounge/anteroom, roug

burns a greenish fire), oaken coffee tables, oil-paintings of
illustrious Sons of Ether, brass etherlamps, an Indian rug,
and even a billiard table. The room smells of imported
coffee mingled with tobacco

Here, guests are met by Thea, the resident robotic
domestic, a charming android hostess who resembles a
Maxfield Parrish dream girl in bare feet and a flowing
gown. Fe
and etiquette Thea displays. It's a shame her memory

y human socialites could match the gracious wit

circuits are so fallible — she rarely remembers a face past
the first meeting.

Immediately beyond the lounge liesa great hall (80 feet
by 240 feet). Two stories tall and running the length of the
building, it looks much like a church nave. On occasion, it
has doubled as a ballroom. Dozens of doors lead from the
aisles to the restaurant and kitchen, library, chapel, public
and other

water-closets, secret passages, the security office

places. The upper gallery doors lead to guest rooms and to
the private suites of those who live aboard the station.

A swaying spiral staircase climbs to the observation
dome. Through telescope or viewport, one can view Earth,
Etherspace and the Moon.

Below

A few other rooms have been carved into the
asteroid itself. Below ground proves a perfect spot for
laboratories, since even ephemeral stone is excellent
for muffling the sound of explosions and the occasional
scream (done for effect by beautiful and weak-willed lab
assistants, hired expressly for this purpose; trust me...).
One very secure room houses Professor Dubrius' Oxy-
gen-Engine. This device transforms rock, garbage, and
‘neatly anything else into breathable air. Anyone found
"tainpering with it will be immediately exported, with or

yithoubitransport, depending on the outcome of an ad
| hoe rial.
r v

5 130) | Bey

nd the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Ecology

The station's grounds are home to a few Earthly life forms:
grass and trees (imported), and mice (stowaways). In addition,
plant-creatures known as mosslings are indigenous to the rock.

Somewhat resemblinga sponge, Mosslings can drift through the
Umbra or slowly crawl along solid surfaces. They seem to ingest
raw Ether and produce Tassasa by-product. Gathering the Tass
is a bit difficult, as it takes the form of needle-thin stands,
hundreds of feet long; Mosslings also have very slow metabo-
lisms, and produce only about one Dram of Tass per month.

Scuttlebutt has it that invisible Brownies live on (or at
least regularly visit) the station. Broken objects are mysteri-
ously repaired, and unfinished work issometimescompleted by
the next day. Itis even said that the station's steady orbit is due
entirely to faerie glamour.

As for the mage presence, three Awakened Ethernauts
reside aboard the station permanently. These are:

© Professor Dubrius, the station's current commander,
best known for inventing the Oxygen Engine. A bit eccentric,
perhaps, this esteemed Master Scientist drifts from subject to
subject during conversations. Although he seems a grandfa-
amed the hard way

therly chap, afew cocky young pups have |
that this aged Scientist was once a accomplished pugilist.

¢ UrrRe'ok, asaurian envoy fromanothertime. She resembles
a pink protoceratops (a dinosaur related to the more familiar
triceratops) and works strange magick. Supposedly a refugee from a
long-perished saurian race on Earth, Urr Re'ok communicates
telepathically in English, German or French and constantly warns
us that our probing into the Deep Umbra will lead to disaster. For
all youskeptics, Urrisnota figmentof my imagination. Compared
to some of the things I have seen while serving aboard the
Etherjammer, a sentient dinosaur is positively commonplace!

* Margrave Karl-Werner Luftwelle III, a distinguished
old-world gentleman with interesting theories about the
Umbral Realms and an abiding skill at cards. Despite his
inherited title, Luftwelle is the most progressive Scientist
aboard and an expert in the neglected field of trans-dimen-
sional communications. His manners are impeccable — he
build and programmed Thea — but I can attest that he is the
most accessible of all those who dwell within the Station.

Six acolytes act as servants and technicians. Their current
roster includes a cook and a waiter (both based in the restaurant),
ajanitor, ageneral laborer, Thea the robotic domestic, and security
specialist Henri Maudir. Maudir patrols the station in the full
omplete with sash and

dress uniform of a 19th century hussar,
medals. Very proud and serious about his job, he is equally compe-
tent with ray pistol, saber, and the science of deductive reasoning.

Captain Tiberius and my crewmates from the
Etherjammer visit frequently between Deep Umbra assign
nafewTradition

ments, as do many other Sons of Ether. E
spirit-walkers occasionally drop by fora visit. Although the
residents of this entertaining Realm seem quite preoccu-
pied with their research, all of them gladly assail visitors to
attain a bit of gossip about their former home, our Earth.

Verbena Seasonal Realms

A grove there was, untouched by men's
hands from ancient times, whose interlacing
boughs enclosed a space of darkness and cold
shade, and banished the sunlight far above. No
rural Pan dwelt there, nor Silvanus, ruler of the
woods, no Nymphs; but gods were worshipped
there with savage rites, the altars were heaped
with hideous offerings, and every tree was sprinkled
with human gore.

— Lucan (Marcus Annaeus Lucanus), Pharsalia

The Verbena Seasonal Realms, which exist within
the Shade Realm of Life — shadow of the planet Venus,
if you're a rocket-jockey — are actually four separate
places. It is possible they are all linked by mystick byways,

though we Verbena haven't discovered more than a few of

them. If the ancient lore holds true, other byways might
resemble wells, rainbow bridges, rings of mushrooms, or
any sort of hole in the natural environment (e.g., a cave or
hollow log). Most life-mages, though, treat each as a
separate Realm, and resort to more usual means of travel-

ing to and from. How do you get there? If you don't know,

you're not welcome. Other mysticks have adifficult enough
time finding the Seasonal Realms. They don't need the
corpses of novices to trip over.

Background

Verbena tradition holds that all of the Seasonal Realms
once existed on Earth, and that Lilith, our semi-legendary

founding mother," saved them during the fall of the
Mythic Age. Each Realm has a unique history

© Winter Castl
Viouvre, this castle in the French Alps was thought to have

+ Once the palace of the Dragonlord
been pulled down during a Jacquerie uprising in 1361
Wrong! Winter Castle was rediscovered by Primus Night-
shade sometime between 1457 and 1466, as a result of a
conversation with a Hermetic mage she met during the
Grand Convocation.

© Spring Cottage (An Giblin Coille): A strong Ver-
bena presence has long existed in eastern North America
Our
existed alongside spirit-shamans, whether they came ashore

‘act history is debatable: whether life-mages always

with Leif Ericsson in the late 9th century, or whether they
arrived with the pilgrims in the 17th century remains a
controversial subject. In any case, our predecessors sancti-
fied a number of Nodes to their purposes. One such site was
aq
medicine woman; the accounts vary. Located in the back-
woods of the Catskill Mountains, it held outagainst "Reason"
until 1913. When all memory of it had slipped from the
minds of the locals, it shifted into the Umbra. A vision of
Spring Cottage appeared to Lady Charlotte Quay in 1969,

the home of a sin-eater or a

aint rustic cottage

during her Awakening. More powerful Verbena subse-
quently located the Cottage in An Giblin Coille ("April
Forest"), a primordial springtime Realm. Soon, the Cot-

tage, the only man-made feature in the place, gave the

Realmanewand more familiar name. Sticklers for tradition
still call the Realm by its older name.

© Summer Grove: Supposedly, this Realm was once
a part of Prester John's kingdom, which stretched from
Ethiopia to Zimbabwe. In 1165, this enlightened African
monarch senta letter to the Holy Roman Emperor and the
Byzantine

Emperor of Constantinople. He claimed to rule
a kingdom as full of marvels as the Low Mythic Ages,
where mortal, mystick and mythic beast coexisted. This
news disturbed the philosopher-scientists of Europe (and
later, the Order of Reason). Over the next three centuries,
they began searching for this place. Actually, they found
the kingdom rather easily, but the war lasted 300 years. In
the meantime, Void Seekers sent back a constant stream
of messages claiming that no sign of Prester John could be
found. Eventually, Sleepers abandoned the myth. At this
point, the last remnant existed only in the Umbra. In
1592, a Verbena spirit-walker found Summer Grove;
though his name has been forgotten, his story of being led
there by a dark goddess has not.

© Autumn Circle: The oldest of the Seasonal Realms,

Autumn Circle was a druidic sanctuary in Celtic Britain.
Then the Romans came, saw, and conquered. Affronted by
the Celts' practices and open defiance, the Romans began
a systematic purge of the most powerful order of Celtic
mystics: the druids. The last of their kind retreated to their
oldest Node on the Isle of Man. When the Roman forces
invaded in A.D. 61, the druids called upon their pagan gods
for aid. Their prayers were answered: in exchange for every
one of their lives, the Node was saved... by Lilith, presum-
ably. Autumn Circle was rediscovered by the Welsh bard

Myrddin in A.D. 575.

© Talien, Technopagan at Large

Listen. I've done a fair bit of traveling on both
sides of the Gauntlet, and been to all four Seasonal
Realms; I've devoted my life tolearning Verbena lore;
and it's my job as bard to relate the stuff I've learned.
That's probably why Heasha recommended L write this
Pocket Guide to the
ve something todo. with

section for Hastings' little
Magiverse." It could also ha

the fact that most of this stuff was already on my hard

drive and I could simply e-mail it to Hastings et al.
If you're looking for more info, check out my

webpage at http://www.tradition.com/talien
—Talien

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest. 131

4

saBeunoyrg Jo sttsnos snistu Aqpenaoe are euaqia, #1 pum
sawauios | ‘poom pur sserq jo JUNOWR ay SuLapisuod

-uanodiod pur sqiay jo s]jauis aoejd ay J inode] aypara]dwo0s
ypuod e pue swoospag aazy J "aunqtuany jo quawasuene aane
-a19 & Aq paaeredas ‘(adenod aya jyey Ayysnor) aoeds uado
a8ze] auO jo syusUdWos axe Wood SuIUIp pue UaY>IPy "WoOI
Burial] Ay_L ‘swoos apy Azod ay? Inoge Surouep IysI] puas
saouods-]]eai pur stuuaqUuey ‘sanbrue saypo pue ‘sareid sseaq
‘a4OA B ‘ayAdos B YI parerOd—ap st aBeNOD aup ‘pIsuy
Ae]D YAIAr paryy Apysaay uaaq aaey
suueag ay2 uaaaniag sxae29 ay 194 poom Avss-pasoyream
aya ards sey aa

"s1aUJO9 ay? Te JaYyIaSOI paypiou ‘sureaq
JaquUIN paarys Jo parsnarsuod st 1994 Qg Aq 1994 O¢ ATYBNoI
4yasit adenog surdg ay | ‘ayouspoom jaws pue surpyun
SOUITYD-PUIM Away UD NO ‘sMoT|AAssnd payna-de

3 pue

fsaysng BIyasioy pasamoy-Mo]]a4 ‘splpoyep padeys-aiad

WIN] MO]JAA ts1O]OD AUBUT JO sasNdOI9 ‘syeAs UII Yep
woy Bursts sdiyna ajdand y]ea sopnyout aBeroy poddep-map
dYL, "‘uapred jNopuom e pute yas aBeI09 apa] Uren
B — wyeay ay2 jo snd0j ayp sat] [Jaa aya puodag
(ose arep 2,uop Nos suoNsanb 02 siaaisue puy
WYBIW NA IO,, "|
"Apuaasisur ing ApUas ‘eave aut paynd opis Aw ‘wyeay

San ays ,uarye y ‘auope IY aval asag,,

SIU] paasta asay | UdY A "SsayWIONIO stUdas [Jam YI IT OIUT
d94nos-14yB1] 10 duOIs e dorp oY 40 ‘apIsut saad Oy asoyp
OL ‘YORBULOY [LANE E 10} II axeISTUE SOY "spaam pu
sso YIN UMOI9A0 ‘Burqunss pue ya!sue — }Jaa ayp

aovou sioysta aandaosad sow aya AjUG ‘sayqqeq wes

B ‘apis aya 01 YO ‘sayouezg aya YBnomp Suraned ures
Jo siaays spuas Jomoysuns [eUOIseDI0 ay | ‘stIOsso]q ade
ud|]ey Yara yous pue sajdde pojduresr wos pox payorojds
aue sqejs auOIsseY pjor ay] "pred uappos e YyBnomya
purm Aemyyea udpies y "Apsow ‘ayddeqess pure smojpiay
$g9a4) JoYDIYA JO pueas v OY AeA saaId preyso ay]
"euaqiaA dy} Ades su9paau
Aue Joy ‘piezey p,p EMsApAIIS COL "ae aya UT yoy
suey — uayjod a]1119) pue des pue yaseo duep jo —Suruds
jo quads ay] ‘spamAymau jo 1994 Surddrys aya a10jaq sjeiad
Suimomp Suntem-ur-spreur aursewy wystw Nod MOY "S19
-uvans A2e] UL 218 atp YSnosyp SuNyLp "ways yaa aarqe st
paeysio ay. "sttossoyq utd jnyaaneag asout aya seaq saan
dup ‘are Aayp sv 4]3- "snopuey Sunreme pue paydiansino
‘Suidaas pue ajds ‘parayieam pue umoiq — saipe]

Seq Jo spuey ayy afquiasas azayp saan Aurayd Jo mor uodn

MOY ‘preyouo yp YsnosyD wWyeay siya Jara s10Ns! A,
a$eyjoy Sunidg

saea yy jeuaay

aya jo ued k st (00) ‘WaiUTA\ "9UAISTXA JO ssausNoOIdaid aya
jo siopuruiaa se UouswIOUdYd oures asoyp rasduoqUI BUDquD A,
sstutado aszoyy "1eoayA ano{ sadedsa 1 se UOOS se IS0I}
Jeashso ut Yaearg ano saydie> pue ‘pooyg ayp smoys ‘squnt]
woy yrSuans sdes ‘sasuas aya squmnu ay ‘apt] 40j JaSuNy

02 swaas W]EAY pa1eay-Pjoo siya ‘sIONsIA aUOs oO],

[ON JO YOod ay ssiauEg ayp puokog — 7]

S1004 SY Prue Yarea Aweo] ays Uodn sary sreads
jo]3uei e pur ‘saysueg azeq oy Woy Suey sasoou Aadwg
"pad-poojq eq S11 "Yeo pjo ue spurs predqnos paraacs
eyed aya Uy "wWyRaY siya Sunsta Budgie Aue Joy J9q]9Ys
sapraoad ap sea ayp ‘aaz] ay) Jo suerpreny Aq ,pauosies,,

Ajwuauewneg "]aaa]-Aayea 2 ae8 usarsod uappry e YBnomp
UL UMOYsS ae sIsaNB aWOD]9M\ J9YIO ‘sH|NoUOd urew oyp
ssaooe Ue IYSIy Jo afqedeo asoyp 4O s1aquuty> parPys A[UO
4p aay B aaoge rag "S490]q ay Jo AULUT OUT parastyD
udaq avy sauna aansaiorg "siadesed Ara yoauu Adya UN
as Aaya se Suruaaysiy ‘yaeauag suo aya ueY 4

pa adped
B rade] YoRa ‘SxD0]q BUOIS JO ISISUOD s]]eA SII fsUTeJUNOW
uoaskes8 ayp Jo au0 WY paased st 90eTed [e,
siqp Jo uoNepUNo} ay] ‘apsed 192U1 4
siy? saatd yorym aus aya UoTUAW Prnoys | ‘A]jeULy

aa

aueu si} wyeoy

"uray? puodag sary (Aur jt) puey yey
Jo ‘saqea\ ATTY asaup UI [JaMp sMOJOPI] IVY sMOUY OY,
"eas Aor ue ovut Ave Sul]]e} 90J9q Spsoly OUT YORID SyI]I

aya arayr aoe]d B aJayMautos systxa aiayp ‘Ajpasoddng
"yosut sadeys 901 But
-[MeID ay JI JO ‘saBuLYp a]aqns puke Mojs asayi saased pury
juaned aus JOYYM sMoUY aUO ON ‘BUI J9AO pasdIe
uaag sey Jat[ad padre aya ieup suudas 11 ‘ose sIWAA GE] WI
yorsys & YIM suBisap s.Aepor Sulseduios Ag ‘swo} [eINIeU
dow ‘aYIO pue siseaq IY Jo saanadqnos paztAas YI
pasaaod adej 9UTTPEASAIO S41 A9IDLTT (,1TEA\ PICO») ['PILO
dYp St aus Yons 9UG "skaq]eA aU prure Uappry ai] spuom

sayio Auey ‘ould pue yead [ye lou st wyeay aya 194
uew UeY? IUA!SUE ALOU st at] AWOs IY WAY? pura
<qqiuo 101 pur des ‘yarea jo |jatus aya aeyp pue ,‘sBury
Jaidas pue Yep, YA pal]y st asaroy aya wey? wWrE]D aay
pasayjays ary oym asoyp ia.4 "mous Surstais pue pur Surya
-siyam au Woy Papjarys ‘sa]paau Jo radieo yp pur sysnoq
aud Appud usaaniaq sade] poaejnsur ayp ur ‘sis910} Uda

ay ay ut yauEM Apu ay L

-19A9 Yep ap UI Sor] WHY

ssapiuaos pur
[yp st a19y are aYL "pnop s9uesso8 ur paBurA pue mous
autqpeasad yatm padded are |]

DUI[MOUS 100J-QQ0'p aYI
aaoge Bulsis Ajareq ‘BIS ]e1IUID JO puepUdaIDH jo asoyr
ayI] ‘sneaieyd umouas-yereunu asaut are s19yI0 []Ag «(3994
000'g) sueryzediedg aya jo sinoiuos papunos aya cary
sIIYIO "BI aseq Jo syvad asaysiy aya ay] ‘passel pue
(2993 000'0Z) []22 21k surelUNOW oUOIsheId ay] Jo AMOS
Sunes surdye pazipeapr ue sayquiasor wey styp

ISD AOJUILM,

dt jyedu-yedu eu yedu
-yeAu ‘prom ayo Uy "sia19a8 asadaap swTLaY ay MoUy
02 AyOM paqunod aie azdyp Jae] ATpeNIde OY asoya APU.
pure ‘suyeay yeuoseag ayp ut punoge sajsestw Surat] Aue
49Y UMOUY-1]94\ SOUL 9YI UOFUAU ATU UeD aA, "sIApUOA
jo Jaquinu auyur ue siseog WRaY [eUOSkIg YOR

JSO19]U] JO SODeIq

Per (Te | |" a

CONW//A\

Spring Cottage isn't always this quiet. Though nobody

lives here full-time, many Verbena gather during Imbolc
and Candlemas (February | and 2). Other times, the Moon-
seeker "caretakers" hold frequent parties. No "time-share"
arrangements exist. It's pretty much first come, first serve
When the place is packe

, you simply mingle as best you
can, and crash wherever you like. When I visited, my guide
and I had the place to ourselves. She read my fortune by the
light of a thick wax candle. We made love by the fire.

Most first-time visitors ask about the World Tree: all
Verbena Chantries are supposed to have one, right? These
folks are taken out back and shown a waist-high oak. "This
sapling," goes the traditional explanation, "represents the
seeds of myth yet remaining on Earth, slowly taking root
under our guidance. They will grow, and eventually bear
fruit of their own..."

Summer Grove

Two rows of standing stones flank the dusty path into
this Realm. The shrill buzz of elusive "heat bugs" and the
distant hint of maniacal laughter carry well through the
still, dry air. A traveler's tread kicks up mosquitoes, black
flies

and sand fleas

The trail leads into a vast grove of sacred oaks. At the
center stands one of the largest World Trees ever seen. Five
humans could stand arm in arm and still not encompass its

girth. Tradition holds that it's the adopted form of a Pure
One in age-old slumber. For most spirit-walkers, this is the
limit of their exploration: the one trail in, the grove, the
same trail out. Every instinct warns you that in the rest of
the Realm, human laws no longer apply

One mystick I know claims to have explored beyond
the Grove itself. A shape-changer, Kamaria was operating
almost entirely by instinct at the time, which is perhaps why
she was allowed to return home. It also means her memories
are vague flashes, mostly impressions of scent and sound
Apparently, the oak grove becomes a forest of beech,
walnut, chestnut, apple, and even cherry trees. Eventually,
the trees begin to thin; the distance between branches grow
so great she had to run among the roots. Much further on,
the land became savanna: scattered trees; termite mounds

buzzing with activity; searing open sky; very little shelter. In

a depression in the savanna lay a watering hole with
powerful impressions. All manners of creatures — mun-
dane and mythic, predator and prey —come there to drink.
Kamaria sensed no fear, but some very strong auras.
Itseemed toher that she caught the scent of endless desert

beyond. But even Kamaria was afraid to investigate further.

Autumn Circle

The portal to this Realm is formed by the trunks,
twining roots and interlocking branches of any two trees
that ring the crest of a hill. Within this circle exists a large
clearing, pounded flat by eons of dance. In the center squats

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest

133

2S

NG Ail

a flat stone altar, shaped like a ring. From its center grows
the Realm's World Tree. Its leaves -
surrounding trees — are shot through with brilliant colors,

and those of the

rather than the usual oak brown.

By the light of cracking fires held aloft in cast-iron
braziers, one notices that the altar has had many years of
use. Layers and layers of symbols are chiseled into its
smooth-worn surface. The most ancient marks are hardly
discernible, but seem to be swastikas, spirals and other
ancient symbols we no longer recognize. Deeper, newer
inscriptions are in Ogham, Gaelic and Latin. Rust-red
coloring helps to bring them out

Beyond the ring of trees, and the dancing firelight

within, the Realm gleams dimly as if under the light of a full
moon: a silver-blue land leached of color, every detail
accentuated by deep, stark shadows rather than highlights.
Strangely, though, no silver disk hangs in the wrinkled,

blue-velvet sky. Except for the crunch of twigs underfoot or

the rustle of blown leaves, an uncanny silence reigns. One
can explore beyond the ring of trees; not every opening is a
mystick portal. The sacred circle lies upon a hill. Below it
stretches a mossy greensward covered in toadstools. Some
seers have gained great insight by eating the fungi. Others
have retched for hours.

The surrounding land consists of soggy, mist

shrouded downs. Some explorers have stumbled upon a

thick, thorny hedge-maze. One possible path throu

the labyrinth leads to a set of narrow stone steps, a
rickety dock anda small pool. Its water is as clear as sheet

ass and its cold, clear depths go down forever. Beyond

the yellow-orange sand of the shallows, the center drops
away between a few interlocking roots into blue noth-
ingness. Some say this way leads to other worlds. No one
has yet tested this theory

Ecology

May you be whole, Earth, mother of men;

May you prosper under God's protection
Food filled for the profit of men

— Part of an Anglo-Saxon "field-remedy" charm

Each Seasonal Realm, predictably, has its own ecosys
tem, rules and inhabitants. Needless to say, anyone caught
messing with the natural order, leaving trash, or other
"civilized" pastimes is dealt with harshly, especially if he's
a Verbena (we're supposed to know better). Making a mess
in the Seasonal Realms is tantamount to shitting in the
Goddess' face. Just don't do it

© Winter Castle: Trees range from pine-and-birch
forests in the valleys, to stands of giant lobela on the slopes,
their pillarlike branches decorated with lichen tresses. In the
highest altitude:
tered amid this greenery are a few flowering plants, such as

only mosses and tussotk grass grow. Scat

northern monkshood, great valerian and winter rose.

134 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

In the circle of life, plants nourish voles, hares, seed-
eating woodpeckers, red squirrels, caribou, mammoth and
woolly rhinoceros. In turn, herbivores feed the Arctic

foxes, giant eagles, wolves and wolverines, mountain bears

and cold drakes. In the frozen seas, rumor claims, a pod of

blue whales thrives. If this is true, then some Verbena have
been doing for modern endangered species what we once
did for mythic beasts

Besides mundane creatures, Winter Castle supports a
host of mystick fauna. The Dragonlord Viouvre supposedly
still resides somewhere in the Realm. Instead of scales, his
hide is said to be covered with semi-precious stones, such as
amethyst, aquamarine, white sapphire, and all shades of
quartz. Some say that the elusive fur-clad "Lapps" who roam
the frozen wastes are not men at all, but Yeti or even Troll
fae. The only spirits who care to visit are ice elementals.

The
Tree, bards and druids by vocation. They can be found

retakers of this Realm are mostly Guardians of the

exploring the snow-bound land on skis or huddled around a
firepit in Winter Castle, sharing mugs of warm mead or rum-
and-coffeeandexchanginglore. AtWinter Solstice (December
21 or22),across-section ofall Verbena gatherhere to welcome
new members to the Tradition. Though the land is harsh,
ame. (That

said, bringing down a woolly rhinoceros is still quite challeng-

capable hunters survive quite nicely on the native

ing, even for a half-dozen hunters. Magick is considered
cheating.) Creative recipes based on lichen, roots or tree-bark
help to supplementa primarily protein diet. The most popular
retreat is Winter Castle itself. Anyone who can get inside is
welcome to find a corner and light a fire. Just be respectful,
that'sall, or else! Ina pinch, though, a wanderer can construct
her own shelter with whatever materials are at hand — an
igloo keeps the chill wind out just as well as any castle!

* Spring Cottage una include wood duck, grouse,
rabbit, raccoon, porcupine, deer, ferret, lynx, and black

bear. For these creatures, life is

apid and eternal cycle of
mating, bearing and raising young, and mating again. Be-

sides mundane animals, some visitors claim to have seen
nymphs and satyrs frolicking in the orchard.

The Verbena caretakers are mostly Moon-Seekers.
y Imbole and Candlemas (February 1 and 2), many
different Verbena gather at Spring Cottage to celebrate

Durir

re-awakenings

* Summer Grove: For those who care to notice, the
typical vegetation is predominantly red oat grass. The trees
that dot the savanna include cedar and 30-foot-tall branch-
ing cacti

This Realm harbors warthog, buffalo, elephants, vul-
tures, a phoenix, lions, a mated pair of griffins, and sinuous,
multilegged crocodiles. Herds of jentink's duiker (a little
deerlike animal, virtually extinct on Earth), and a pack of
thylacines (marsupial Tasmanian "wolves") also roam the
grasslands. This Realm's fauna is particularly notable in
that even the mundane animals are spiritually aware; when


threatened by mystick assault, they fall into a trance and
allow their animal spirits to defend them. Similarly, every
tree is inhabited by a Glade Child spirit

The caretakers of this Realm are exclusively
Lifeweavers. Those who can change shape spend most of
their time in animal form; the Realm's inhabitants do not
care much for the scent of humans. Mages must bring
down prey with only natural weaponry. Everyone who has
dared to carry a rifle — or even a bow — into the
wilderness has either disappeared or been found horribly
mauled. Your other option is to bring a pack lunch (but
don't ask what happens to those who litter
Beltain (April 30), many Verbena crowd into Summer
Grove; few stray far from the World Tree. One year,
hundreds of beasts ringed the grove, silent witnesses to the

). During

3

celebration. Nobody knows why, though a popular rumor
holds that the child born of that year's union between
Young Lord and Maiden will turn out to be very special.

¢ Autumn Circle: Strangely for a Verbena Realm,

Autumn Circle appears to be almost devoid of animal life...

that watch
from a distance. One mage claims to have seen a unicorn,

unless you count the occasional set of green ey

ash-gray instead of white, with a horn of solid jet. Then
again, he had eaten quite a few mushrooms

This Realm's Verbena caretakers, mostly Twisters of
Fate, go about in ominous hooded robes. The sickles they
bear have be

n used for more than just gathering holly

During Lammas (August | or 2), many Verbena

berries
converge here to Awaken the Avatars of their apprentices
and initiate them into our Tradition. No mage lives here
permanently. The caretakers come and go as need arises.

One more time, for the dense of skull: If you enter
the Realm, be respectful. If you kill, do so cleanly. If you
make a mess, take it out with you. If you ignore these
tules, pray. In the Seasonal Realms, Mother Nature can
be quite unforgiving.

Chapter Four: Realms of Interest

LY

aX

Wr



Ch

fer Five:

Celestial Bodies

First of all, we must note that the universe is spherical. The reason is either

that of all forms, the sphere is the most perfect, needing no joint and being a

complete unit; or that it is the most capacious of figures, best suited to enclose and

retain all things; or even that all the separate parts of the universe, I mean the sun,

moon, planets, and stars, are seen to be this shape; or that wholes strive to be

circumscribed by this boundary, as is apparent in drops of water and other fluid

bodies of water when they seek to be contained.

Nicolaus Copernicus, On the Revolutions of the C

lestial Spheres

The Fisher Princess Speaks

I thought opening with a quote from
4 Copernicus would get the attention of cer-
tain hidebound individuals who feel as
though this man — who was nearly burned
lations — was a traitor
to his kind. While I concede that his ideas

asa witch for his re

helped the Order of Reason accelerate their
hold on the Earthly paradigm, I must also

concede that he had a point
Copernicus was right, of course. Whether we speak of
planets, cycles, societies or elements of magick, the sphere

always comes up. Despite the early myths of the flat Earth,
I believe the concept of the spherical planet is as inevitable
magickally as it seems "scientifically." And if, in observing
a phenomena, he was limiting that phenomena, then this
book is a similar act of hubris.

Ah, well. In this chapter, I speak of planets and the
Realms which overlay them. Despite the "scientific" pos-
turing which seems to limit these Shards into lifeless balls
of gas and rock, we who have traveled there in person know
that the truth is more complex than those pronouncements
would have us believe.

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies 137


WAN

9138 =

Outside our own Horizon, off our Earth, Realms still
await the brave and foolhardy explorer. The closest
Realms — Shade and Shard Realms — have ancient
connections to our world and our kind. Ageless portals
still lead to many of them. Old tales recount how the One
splintered into Many; its larger fragments became Shard
Realms, planets embodying elements of its new being
The smaller bits became spirits, forces and all living
things. These tales, however one views them, give us a
starting place when asking why the planets and the
Spheres should be one.

Then there's deep space — the Deep Umbra,
Etherspace, the Void. Some of Alex
compete in a crazed "Great Race" with the Technocracy

is' own Tradition

to discover new Realms and colonize planets before their
rivals do. Most of them end up as fodder for the Nephandi,
Marauders and worse who exist in the Void. Maybe they
deserve it. These "pioneers," in their race for glory, endan-
ger that which they seek. Like naturalists trampling a
flower to catch a butterfly, they destroy that which they
nnot see in order to capture that which they can. Maybe

c
space is best left to its native inhabitants. And some of
those inhabitants can insure that they are left alone.

Space Travel

Theoretically, it has always been possible to travel
into space or the Deep Umbra. Legends tell of Si Ch'in,
the Sky Emperor who ascended to the stars in a chariot
of gold, or of Elynne Dragonchilde, who crossed the
heavens on a dragon's back. Stairways to the Moon and
cloud cities are part and parcel of every culture's folklore,
and I do not dispute their authenticity. According to
elders among the Dreamspeakers and Verbena, timelost
paths lead through the various Realms to the river of the
Horizon, and to the Shards we now call planets. It is a
long journey, but an achievable one.

Most mages who attempt a trip beyond the Horizon,
however, prefer the more "credible" technomagicks of the
Void Engineers and Sons of Ether. Th
who began an extraterrestrial rivalry in the late 1800s,
actually left the Earth behind in the early part of that
century, before either group had assumed its present form.

e two factions,

Over the last 150 years, this exploration has reached into
the next Solar System, uncloaking secrets that might be
best left undisturbed. For, although most tales claim the
Nephandi and Marauders began their existence on Earth,
their kind seem most comfortable in the Void.

Magick in space has no limits. Whatever you will
assumes form there without Paradox interfering. As ex-

—-plorers-search for new sources of Quintessence and other

raw Materials or lifeforms, the so-called "Great Race"
More deadly. The appeal of a trip into the Deep
certainly understandable. Just, for God's sake,

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Consensual Space

One of the great mysteries of celestial bodies is the
concept of consensual space. After all, anyone with a
modern education "knows" that every planet in our Sys-
tem is a lifeless rock. Yet mages have populated these
"rocks" for centuries, and they continue to walk among
Realms which are, in essence, the Umbrae of those same
Shards. How is this possible?

As we know, when the majority of people (or at
least, of beings with will), believe in something, that
something comes into being. When many people believe
that a place is a certain way, it becomes that way. When
about

the nature of that place differs from the new beliefs
it, a separation occurs. Our own world's Gauntlet shows
what happens during this separation.

I use the term consensual space to define the belief
the majority holds. Or more precisely, to define what
most people choose to see. We walk in the consensual

space of our world. The Otherworlds lie outside that
space, still existing but separate from the mortal world.
Many planets are the same way; "science" or some other
folklore describes them one way, our travels there tell us
things are different. Thus, while the Shard Realm of Life
occupies Venus, a space probe landing on the planet
itself would record something very different. Whether it

does so because the probe's creators expected a dead
world, or because the rest of us have been told to expect
a dead world is open for debate. Either way, the thing is
done and the Realms are separate. This is the
Technocracy's legacy and its goal: to replace lands of

wonder by convincing us they do not exist.

Shard and Shade
Realms

Heaven is our heritage,
Earth but a player's stage;
Mount we unto the sky
_ Thomas Nashe, A Litany in the Time of Plague

Fragments, or Shard Realms

Lord Gilmore said it simplest in the Introduction —
the Shard Realms are the Sun, the nine planets and Luna.

These are all large, solid, well-defined Realms, and
most are easy to travel to by magickal or "scientific"
means. Though the official consensus descriptions are not
entirely true, you can rely on them to be fairly accurate
about the physical characteristics of the planets. Because of
this, I skip over things like magnitude, mass, albedo and
diameter. Where day, year, weather, temperature or grav-
official"
versions, I give them. Every orbital characteristic is omit-

ity are interesting or necessary, or differ from the

ted — most means of travel ignore them entirely, some

paradigms defy the notion of planetary motion, and those
fe'
far greater detail than can be given here.

Tradition mages who need this information need it in

Tales abound about the Celestines who "rule" the
Shard Realms. One story even recounts the capture of the

god of Jupiter during a war in the city of Chicago. I make no

claims either way on this subject; if there are gods on the
various planets, I do not care to anger them by revealing
their secrets. If there are not, then I have not closed the
possibility of their existence by saying so.

Shadows, or Shade Realms

These are slightly harder to explain. The most commonly
used metaphor is that the Shade Realms are the shadows cast
on the Horizon by the Shard Realms. This is a completely
useless description. The only thing it explains is the location
of their "entrances" — drifting areas of space in the vicinity of

the Horizon. These areas act as portals to the Shade Realms,

but because of their enormous size, they are often confused for
the Shade Realms themselves. (The smallest reported was
slightly larger than a football field. By comparison, an evacu

ation or freight portal opened by normal means is rarely larger

than a house.) Their appearances vary. The entry to the Shade

Realm of Forces, fore

ample, may manifest asa huge electrical

storm, a sea of plasma or an invisible, rolling plain

Most setious travelers think of the Shade Realms as
completely separate universes, "parallel" to our own, in which
adifferent Sphere is paramount. By this theory, we live in the
Shade Realm of the 10th Sphere (the Infinite, Ether, Drahma
or whatever). The substance of this Sphere surrounds every-
thing; there is nowhere in this universe that it is Not. Little
areas of the other Spheres speckle it — planets, suns, humans,
spirits, etc. When we pass into the Shade Realm of Matter, we
find that it is an entire universe of solid matter, speckled with
hollow spaces of Prime, Life, Forcesand the rest, roughly where
our planets would be. Thesame holds true forthe other Shades
The dominant Sphere makes up most of the Realm

Where we know anything about a Shade Realm, I have
included it. Unfortunately, certain Realms are difficult to visit,
tounderstand, or to return from. I have omitted idle speculation
except for the most interesting. This leaves several unavoidable

gaps in the "travel guide," for which I do not apolog

¢ A Note on Terminology

There is a definite and demonstrable connection be-
tween the Shade Realms and the planets. Because of this
linkage, when the Mercurian Cosmology was written, Her-
metic mages stopped calling the planets by their common
names and began to refer to them as "the Shard Realms of"
whatever Sphere was associated with their Shade Realm
Mars, connected by several portals to the Shade Realm of
Forces, is often referred to as the Shard Realm of Forces
Modern theorists have abandoned this habit; it makes
debate on the subject even wordier than usual for the Order,
and is incomplete.

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies

139


NO All

WZ

The Cosmology was written before the Europeans had
realized that Pluto, Uranus and Neptune existed. While
Pluto is undeniably the Shard Realm of Entropy, to this day
no one has conclusively proved which of the other two is

Mind, and which is Spirit. Because the Shard Realm term
has been dropped by nearly everyone except my hidebound
father and Nicodemus Mulhouse, the standard is to refer to
the Shard Realms by their planetary names and to the
Shade Realms as S.R. and the name of their Sphere. thus,
"S.R. Fore

Because certain groups of heavenly bodies are too

" means "the Shade Realm of Forces.

attached to each other to deal with separately, I will deal
with them together. Porthos would prefer me to stay strictly
on format, but I do not feel the universe will mind

The Sun and Mercury

Shard Realms Shade Realms (S.R.)
Sol Infinite
Mercury Correspondence
Venus Life
Earth, Luna Prime
Mars Forces
Jupiter Matter
Saturn Time
Uranus (or Neptune) Spirit
Neptune (or Uranus) Mind
Pluto Entropy
The glorious lamp of heaven, the sun,
The higher he's a-getting,
The sooner will his race be run,
ee And nearer he's to setting
— Robert Herrick, "To the Virgins, to Make
Much of Time"
Tounderstand the sun, and why we know
so little of it, you must know the history of

Mercury and its moon.

Long ago in their study of Correspondence, the Batini
found their way to Mercury and slowed its spin. They
transported villages and farmland to the new world, and built
a base from which to study the Shade Realm of Correspon-
dence. Known as the City of Brass (in Arabic legend the
kingdom of unholy people who shunned the teachings of the
Koran), the Chantry rivaled Doissetep in size, if never in

power. It took its name from the odd effect the Sun's magick-
altered light had on the appearance of the white limestone
and plastered mud which made up most of the buildings.
The Realm is lost now, and all the portals to it are closed.
The planet itselfis uninhabitable. The Record of Marcella Decia
isby farthe best eyewitnessaccount of the mystery surrounding
the loss of the Chantry (and through it, Mercury), though as
with Mohejeno-Daro and the Roanoke colony, we may never
know the whole story. Decia, a Hermetic mage of the Fraternal
Order of Tytalus and the twenty-second Chancellor (from
1831 to 1556) of the Fors Collegis Mercuris, was the leader of
theuniversity Chantry on Mus, Mercury'shidden moon, at the
time of the disaster. The first except is from before her
accession tothe Chancellorship, and provide it because ofthe
excellent descriptions of the City of Brass in its Golden Age.
© April 9, 1827: Saw today with my own eyes the famous
Batini Chantry. Went with Cor and the others. Took some time
to.adjust to the yellow twilight, and to walking in a bowl. Cor says
entire settlement built in the basin of a crater, on the edge of day.

140 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Disappointed in the beginning; looks like so many savage
huts, primitive farms. Few real buildings of any size, and the floors
of most of the sleeping quarters are dirt, not stone. Villagers

friendly, though. Clean, polite, well-fed and proud. Took us to the
town's center, where the mages live. Passed many empty arch-
ways, marker columns, circles set in the earth in stone. There were
hundreds. Told me that every one was a portal to somewhere
Grogs very casual about it, pointing out inscriptions and different
stone colors to us, explaining parts of the coding

Met the elders in the afternoon, still twilight. Much more
impressed. Satin courtyard of large Moorish building, something
like the mosque on Mus, had strange coffee. Have been given
formal permission to return, assigned escort, young man named
Ali. Fell in love with their library, must learn Arabic. He seems
willing to teach me

© August 13, 1844: ...and hope that the situation settles
down on Mercury. Elders very uneasy, watchful still, and
growing more suspicious. I asked if any of my people were the
cause, but they assure me the problem is internal. I feel a witch
hunt in the wind. More and more of my Batini staff are leaving,
or being called to the planet

© May 16, 1847: Ali came to Mus today, for the first time
since the baby died. Should have known it would be bad news.
Delivering message from the elders. They tell me they are
betrayed, infiltrated. Not certain who is rotten, or for whom they
work, but the elders say isolation is the only way to find out
Acting quickly. Will spend next week evacuating all those not
suspected, calling back professors and students still under the
shadow. Rough on my staff, difficult to house the grogs and
consors on such short notice. Made the announcement, censored
of course, at dinner. Grumbling, but we will do it. Only for afew
weeks, regardless

June 1, 1847: ...after the fight, sent for the few senior
Batini we have. Asked them to speak to the villagers for me,
and whether there was word yet. They agreed to keep the peace.
o news.


© August 30, 1847: The Batini villagers are making good
homes here

© September 24, 1847: No word from Mercury. As-
tronomy department tells me the planet is beginning to rotate
faster. I think I understand now

© November 15, 1847: The end came today. The magicks
that kept the planet habitable are gone, and the twilight zone has
moved into daylight. This moming, through the telescope, we saw
the fields and buildings bum. Tried to send scouting cabal to look for
survivors, but there are no portals open. Shade Realm cut off as well
Doube they would find anything: the library would never have been
abandonedby the living. Have offer
own, and hous

Soland S.R. Infinite

In consensual space, the sun is a huge ball of gas in fission,

1 to. adopt the apprentices as our
the rest until they decide what to do.

fusion and the plasmastate. To the Awakened, thesun appears
The Technocracy
and Traditions know very little more than do Earthbound

the same, and is frustratingly unattainable

astronomers; although both the Void Engineers and the Sons
of Ether send regular probes and close-passing ships, they are
unable to study the star very closely. The E

gineers are
rumored to be building an extreme-approach vessel to fly
through the photosphere, but even at this outer stratum the
sun hasa gravity 28 times Earth'sanda temperature of 9000 °F.
Even with technomagick of mythic proportions, the ship is

likely to mele, implode or kill the crew very quickly. Obviously,

traveling in the Technocratic paradigm has its disadvantages.

Awakened astronomers and cosmologists have been un-
able to find signs of a Gauntlet or Umbral landscape on the
Sun. Many legends tell ofa "Land of the Sun" and vast Realms

associated with it, but if these are true, modern mages have lost

the secret to finding the Shining Country. The most likely
places to seek portals for it would have been Mercury and S.R.
Correspondence, on which we offer more below.

Sol's "Shade Realm" affinity is one of the most hotly
contested areas of cosmological research. While almost
every theorist agrees that the Sun is the Shard Realm of the
Infinite, the debate over what that infinite Sphere is rages
incessantly. Each Tradition has their pet theory, and each
Tradition wants to prove it. Before the fall of the College on
Mus, the university Chantry was crawling with researchers
from every sect seeking portals in the vicinity, or clues in
the writings that survive from the Batini settlement.

However, if the idea of Shade Realms as universes
dominated by one Sphere is true, we will never be able to
study the 10th Sphere by traveling to its Shade Realm. We
already live in it.

Ecology
Manyspiritsoffire, lightandenerg
on thesun in their"youth." We assume that at leasta few speak

claim to have dwelled

the truth, and that many Umbrood live there, but that few are
able to survive outside their specialized environment.

Mercury

In consensual space, Mercury isa barren, airless, heavily
cratered world with a slow rotation and no volcanic activ-
ity. It is the closest planet to the sun

The day isroughly two thirds the length of the year, (59 and

arth days, respectively) though this has not always been the
case. Before the Batini Chantry was destroyed, Mercury's rota-
tion took precisely the same time as its revolution. The planet
keptone hemisphere always facing the sun, and one hemisphere
in constant darkness. The Batini settlement was built in the
twilight area between the two, where the climate was more

bearable, Now no part of the planet escapes Mercury'sincredible

extremes of temperature: 700°F by day, -274°F by night.
Mercury has only one moon, Mus. This tiny satellite is

unknown to Sleepers because its defenses render it almost

invisible.

Background

Mercury wasonce the home tothe largest Umbral Batini
Chantry. Since their Sphere was Correspondence, the Shade
Realm of Correspondence was associated with Mercury.

Itis no longer possible to travel to the Shade Realm of
Correspondence, historically the richest and most varied
nexus point for portal-style interrealm travel. If there ever
were any gates to the Shade Realm of the Sun or the spirit
lands fabled to exist inside it, they have been closed with
magicks the Virtual Adepts have not yet rediscovered

Mercury remains the best physical base from which to
study the sun itself, but the barriers prevent even physical
approaches to the planet. Even the Technocracy realizes this,
and NASA has be
Mariner 10, the only probe thus far, was an orbiter only.

en discouraged from building a lander.

For over a century, the Traditions have been trying to
reconnect to Mercury and $.R. Correspondence. These
attempts are spearheaded by the Order of Hermes, working
until recently (see below) from their base on Mus, and the

Virtual Adepts, working from the Digital Web. The two
groups have learned a great deal about portal magicks and

Correspondence, but have made no tangible progress so far.

Ecology

Unknown. No reports of any indigenous fauna or flora,
but mages and their consors once imported pets, chickens
and meatanimals, beasts of burden, food crops, flowers, shade
trees, and (accidentally) rats, mice and flies. It is unlikely,
however, that the oases created by the Batini still exist.

S.R. Correspondence

According to our sources, the Shade Realm is a very
disturbing place, difficult to navigate in and nearly impos-
sible to perceive accurately. Our universe has one nonspatial
dimensions and three spatial ones. In S.R. Correspon-
dence, there at least five spatial dimensions and two others.

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies 141

NY

ZN

ID.


LZ

Before the Realm was closed off, its entryway on the
Horizon appeared as.a huge, flat plane with its broad side always
tothe viewer. No matter how many observers examined it, none
could find an edge or any indication of volume. When they

approached the portal, those mages with any understanding of

Correspondence magicks could decide to "slide" along it and
enter the Realm, or to pass through it to the other side. The

entryway seemed to have no thickness whatsoever.

Mus

Mus, a small, flat, rocky satellite only 40 miles across
in its least dimension, and barely 154 miles in its greatest,
cannot be seen from Earth, or by conventional astronomi-
cal instruments.

The surface is rough, barren and airless except for the
area enclosed by the shield wall and buildings of the College.
These are the only structures on the little moon. Their
architecture is (or was) rather odd — very heavy medieval
and Romanesque buildings combined with lighter, more

Moorish structures. Imagine southern Spain crossed with

northern Germany. The complex covers roughly five square
miles and (before 1995) included a mosque, two chapels, the
Great Hall of Reason, the third-best library of the Order of
Hermes, and the usual dormitories and other offices. A small
village and farmingarea wasset aside for consors, the College's

guards and retainers, and the families of the faculty

142 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Ye

Sissy eh)

ve ciae

Background

In the earliest days of the Council, the Order of Hermesand
the Batini were still allies, tied more closely together than any
other Traditions. The Batini invited the Order to build a
university on Mus to which both could send their students.
Because the Nephandi and the Craftmasons v

interested

even then in Mercury and the Sun, and because the Ascension
War was yet young, the College was built as a fortress as well. It
was designed to be the keystone of the planet's outer defenses.

Unfortunately for the school, the stonecutter who
built and sculpted the original door lintels for the Library,
the Great Hall and the Main Gate, was nearly illiterate.
*ARX COLLEGIS MERCURIS" — the

Fortress College of Mercury — he wrote down the instruc-

Instructed to carve "

tions in his native language. Later, realizing that the mages
wished to have the words in Latin, he took it upon himself
to translate the name. What he carved in the end was
"FORS COLLEGIS MERCURIS"
lege of Mercury." The name stuck

"the Accidental Col-

The College has been the site of many important events
in Council history. It was here that the Mercurian Cosmology
was developed, it was the base for the Circle of Seven, and of
course it became the home of those Batini innocent of the
betrayal on Mercury. Marcella Decia was said to know the
secret of reversing the blocks the Batini placed on their
portals, but if so, she took her knowledge to the grave.


After the Second World Warand the fall ofthe Batini, the
Order of Hermes did their best to help the shattered remnants

ofthe Tradition. They schooled the remainingstudents, took in
huge numbers of refugees, equipped search parties and assisted
the Errants. The College lost many good mages in the effort,
mainly to Batini barabbi, but their loyalty never wavered.

In August, 1995, the Chantry on Mus was attacked by a
fleet of small Technocratic fighter ships accompanied by
Qui La Machina carrying ground ships and infantry. The
Order of Hermes mobilized their forces

and managed to push
the invaders back, but as the battle began to turn, both sides

were assaulted by a third force: savage shock troops, a swarm

reatures, and a

of strange Umbrood, half-a-dozen wormlik
bevy of Nephandi sorcerers. The Technocratic forces with-

drew with heavy losses, rejecting Chancellor Lord Gilmore'
plea for co-operation, and the Nephandi took the College in
. Gilmore and a handful of students,
aped to Horizon via a last-ditch portal
opened in the floor of the Library. To guard their retreat, the

an overwhelming wav

mages and consors es

three surviving Batini instructors, resident on Mus since the

College's founding, remained to destroy the entire building.

The College, as a body, still exists. Refugees of the
massacre have found asylum on Cerberus, Pluto's second
moon. Lord Gilmore has asked us to make this known, and
to keep a mailbox open for other survivors who may have
been separated from the main group. We are also taking a
sat her Web

collection for their assistance. (Contact Alex
address for more information, or write to Doissetep Press.)

Today the Fortress on Mus is held by the Nephandi,
and the Traditions lack the forces to retake it. Scouts report
that the battlements have been rebuilt, stronger than

before. Perhaps the Technocracy will mount another expe
dition soon. [hope so. Make of that what you will. I'd rather
see this important outpost occupied by our least enemies,

rather than by our worst.

Ecology

Mus has no native life, but inside the walls of the
College there was a fairly normal settlement mix of plants
and animals. With the Nephandi in residence, the very
ground now crawls with dangerous Umbrood and warped

animals. Anything goes.

Venus and Mars

Mars and Venus have what no other
Realms outside the Horizon do: Penumbrae.
These memories" of both planets show clearly
that Earth is not the only source of life in the
Solar System. We are merely the only life left.

Both worlds are unique in location, as
well. Technically considered "outside" the
Hori
easier to reach than the Horizon itself. Their

on, Mars and Venus are nonetheless

proximity to Earth, particularly in the case of Venus, makes
their Shade Realms and Penumbras interact all year round,
creating permanent overlap zones.

Venus

Green, how much I want you green,

green wind, green branches

The long wind was leaving

in the mouth a strange taste

of gall, mint, and sweet-basil.

— Federico Garcia Lorca, "Somnambule Ballad"

Often referred to as Earth's twin, Venus is roughly the
same siz

as our home planet. Explorers for whom gravity is
an issue will be comfortable, weighing about 90% of what
they would on Earth. No moons. The planet rotates from

east to west (the opposite of Earth's rotation).

Unfortunately, the physical aspect of Venus is almost
completely uninhabitable. The atmosphere is corrosive,

the air pressure 90 times that of Earth and the temperature
far too high (900°
mammoth atmosphere. At various times, the Technocracy

due to the greenhouse effect of that

and the Council have sponsored outposts and small re-
search stations, but even with magick and Primium, Venus
is simply too hostile.

Venus does have a Penumbra. The Gauntlet seems to

be the same for the entire planet, and the crossing is so

tcom-

difficult that it is easier to leave the physical aspe
pletely and enter the Penumbra from space or S.R. Life than
it is to cross directly.

Until the 1960s, mundane scientists thought Venus.
rth during the Coal

Forest period. In science fiction and popular myth, story-

was a watery planet something like E

tellers populated it with ferns, horsetail plants, mosses,
molds, fungi, lizards, and dinosaur-type animals.

In the Penumbra, Venus is still a watery planet some-
thing like Earth during the Coal Forest period. There are
two continents, Ishtar Terra and Aphrodite Terra, and a
mini-continent, Beta Regio. These are covered with swampy
lowlands and jungle highlands, and dotted with active

volcanoes. The rest of the planet is one huge, salt-marsh

ocean of no great depth.

Why a Penumbra here? The theory is that the planet was
once exactly as it appears to the spirit world. In the beginnings
of the Solar $

Shard Realms), thesun burned much cooler than it does today.

System (or soon after the division of the One into

At those temperatures, Venus could have developed along the

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies 143

ID.

"

ZZ NY

NG Ail

same path that Earthly life followed later. If you are a die-hard
evolutionary and this seems unlikely, remember that spirits
and the Celestines have intervened many times with our own

world, and probably modified our sister-world, too.

Conventional maps of the planet are good enough to

navigate by, provided you make the climate and sea level

adjustments in your head or by computer. The astronomers
who mapped Venus by radar assigned names to the geologi-
cal features, temporarily enraging the Verbena (who regard
the planet with a fierce maternal affection). But the as-
tronomers had already decided (apparently of their own
accord) to name every feature (except the Maxwell moun-
tains) after a woman or goddess, and the terms are now used
almost universally, though not without grumbling

Despite the planet's pleasant, habitable guise, be careful
here. I will deal with the lively dangers below, but watch out
even for the land itself. Those volcanoes, particularly Rhea
Mons, erupt frequently and spew large clouds of poison gas.
The Penumbra quickly "forgets" the poison, but the process
can take several weeks. Try not to get caught in it.

Background

As the nearest, easiest Shard Realm to travel to, Venus
All Nine Tradi-

sects come to our

h itors and conflicts

tions and most of the other Awakene

s a long history of v

sister planet for one reason or another.
Between Venus and the S.R. Life, there are four overlap

zones. The zones are referred to as the four Verbena Seasonal

Realms. (See Chapter Four for more information.)

Ecology

Imagine a rain forest. Cross it with a greenhouse. Multiply

by 10, and add small dinosaurs. That is the Bygone Venus.
Watch out for mold spores and mildew. Keep moving,

or things will grow on you and your equipment. Bring rain

protection and breathing masks, or make sure you have
someone in your party who can disinfect you magickally
every few hours or so. Don't sleep on the ground if you can
help it, and certainly not without that Life specialist around.

Watch out for the bollixes, too. Venus is blessed (or
plagued) with a vast number of this semi-intelligent species of
Bygone. Whether or not they are dangerous depends on your

point of view, but you should never take your eyes off them.

S.R. Life

In its most stable areas, the Shade Realm of Life looks

and feels like a perfect version of any ecology you care to
name, anda few known nowhere else in the Tellurian. There

are deserts, jungles, temperate forests, grasslands and tundra,

and even the most exotic climate exists here. Deeper in, one

finds gas-giant ecologies and even stranger things.

Travelers get into trouble easily in S.R. Life. Not only
are there poisonous plants, dangerous animals and nasty
insects, but the Realm itself is constantly in flux

144 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Suppose Alexis, for instance, were to walk a few miles
into Life, blazing a trail with spray paint or cloth strips
(knowing that the worst thing she could do when sur-

rounded by Life-loving spirits would be to hurt anything),
then sit down for a picnic. A few hours later, she packs up
es to walk back out. The territory she returns through

may have the same geography as before, but the flora, fauna

and tri

and climate will be very different. Wherever Alexis is, the
environment seems to grow at normal speed, but outside

that ecosystem, time seems to rush by. Those blazed trees

are coal by now. Fortunately, Alexis read this book, knows

exactly where she wants to go and has at least a basic
knowledge of Correspondence (I assume).

Time is not truly affected by the Realm, or perhaps vice
versa. Living things simply grow and change faster here.
Again, evolutionaries will have to cope with the "impossible."

The Horizon entryway toS.R. Life looks like a large tract
of wilderness. Occasionally, it may be linked to some remote
location on Earth, such as the Amazonian rainforests, unin-
habited mountain valleys, or the African or Asian jungles.

Ecology

Which ones would you like? They alle

are more common in S.R. Life than anywhere else, and

isthere. Bygones

Marauders frequent it. Be careful not to tangle with them.
Researchers can detect no pattern in the climate shifts.
Jungles sit next to deserts that butt up against oceans.
Animals stay in their own habitats, never crossing into
regions they aren't designed to cope with. No one knows
what happens to them during the sped-up evolutions.

Mars

In 1877, the first really detailed map of Mars was
published, made by G.V. Schiaparelli. It updated the no-
menclature, classified a fair number of the geological features
and added something strange: dark lines which Schiaparelli
called canali. The:
artificial waterways.
hypothesized artificial
tian race. The canals were later "proved" not to exist, and
as abandoned. Unfortu-

: channels, or canals, were thought to be

Percival Lowell agreed with him, and
erways built by a sentient Mar-

the "dying civilization" theory v
nately for science, the theory was right.

How exactly Schiaparelli and Lowell, both Sleepers,
saw the ruins of the canals — through the Gauntlet,
across a million miles of space, and through a mundane
telescope — we may never know, but the map is a fairly
accurate depiction of the spirit structures built by the

Martians. The canals run along natural Ley lines, and the
Martian cities were built at the Nodes at their junctions.

In its physical aspect, Mars isa smallish ball of rusty red
rock, completely lifeless. Though there is water, it exists
only in the rock itself and in combination with carbon
dioxide in the polar ice caps. The atmosphere is too thin to
breathe, even for the Technocracy's genetically engineered


servants. (Ether breathers will have no difficulty.) Mars has
. The Viking landers
have crushed mundane science's hopes of ever finding

two moons, and many active volcanoe:

sophisticated life on this planet

In its Penumbra, Mars is much more interesting. Here,
Schiaparelli's canals do exist, and two Tradition settle-
ments grace the landscape at the junction of seven such
canals, the Trivium Charontis.

The main colony, of course, is the terraformed grounds
of Doissetep. The farms, the village, and many of the
teaching buildings are located on Mars proper, in the
Penumbra. Doissetep itself lies in a permanent overlap
zone, the one caused by the interaction of the Shade Realm
of Forces and the Martian Penumbra

The second colony is also within the terraformed
region. Officially titled Marsbase One, (affectionately nick-
named "Bradbury") the settlement is only temporary. The
Sons of Ether established their camp with the permission of
the Deacons in summer of 1996. The digs themselves are
outside the habitable zone, by necessity (see below).

The Martian day is only 37 minutes longer than Earth's,
but its year takes 668 of those days. Doissetep and Bradbury
run on local time for daily activities, but keep their records
by Greenwich Mean Time. The local "weather" is erratic.

Mars is subject to fierce winds, which occasionally cause

dust storms that cover the entire planet for weeks. Doissetep
is partially protected from the storms, but visitors are still
advised that the Realm is tempestuous on the best of days.

For navigational purposes, a Schiaparelli map with
modernized nomenclature is best. Paradigma publishes an
excellent version.

Background

Mars is home of the largest, oldest, most decrepit Tradi-
tion Chantry of them all. When evacuating Doissetep's
Earthly manifestation during the dawn of the Ascension
War, the Chantry's masters sought the most powerful of
Mars' Nodes (still very weak, compared to Earth's magickal
centers) to place it on. When the Order of Hermes moved
Doissetep to Mars, and from Mars to their "invincible"
position between Realms, they landed the castle, the moun-
tain and the grounds smack on top of the central part of the
ruined city. The magicks that melded the imported soil to the
native strata destroyed the best part of the ruins entirely. The
Sons' dig is in the only remaining "neighborhood" of the city.
Even should the Deacons renew the archeologists' lease, the
Sons will have to move on when the area is exhausted

The Sons and their Dreamspeaker allies are doing their
b

normally apolitical, have only recently moved in on the

st to fight the red tape, however. The Dreamspeakers,

debate. Their interest here seems to be tied to the lifestyle
of the Martians; any race so perfectly balanced in the
Periphery must have known more than a few things about
the Spirit ways.

Ecology

Normal for an Umbral Chantry: pigs, cattle, humans,
rats, etc. Food crops are the main plant life. Unlike Venus,
there are no Bygones on Mars. Cosmologists theorize that
any spirit life present would be too likely to stumble into the

uninhabitable physical aspect to surviv
Unofficially, the Sons have begun to wonder. No one
from the expedition was willing to be quoted here, but

"ghost stories" of apparitions resembling the TriCha A and

C figures are common among the junior members of the
team. The folklore of the villagers, long discounted

peasant superstitions and anoxia hallucinations, is finally
being taken seriously. With so much of Mars unexplored
By

even now, no one is willing to bet we won't se gones

before the end of the century.

Deimos and Phobos

Neither of the moons of Mars is very big; both are

airless and the two seem to be captured asteroids rather than

original companions. Deimos, the outer moon, is currently
unoccupied. Doissetep foiled a rather half-hearted attempt

by the Void Engineers to take it in 1978.

Phobos' orbit is very small; the little world (only 17 miles

long) literally zooms around Mars, rising and setting more
than twice a day. Its largest crater, Stickney, is six miles wide.
The whole moon looks like a potato with a big hollow bite
taken out of one end. This "bite" houses a small fortress, Eris,
ostensibly commanded by the Glass Eye cabal. In the absence

of the Glass Eye, the Society of the Case-Hardened Soul has

taken on duties there. Eris is Doissetep's first line of defense
against intruders, and the Society sees it as an excellent

military base for their war against Iteration X.

S.R. Forces

Much like the inside of a star, or the center of a
aying
ay from it until you have at least a basic grasp of the
» this

lightning rod, but easier to live in. | recommend
av

Forces Sphere. Even with protective gear and magicks

is a dangerous Realm.

There
bubbles and strange plateaus spring up out of the raw energy
fast. Take advantage of

‘orces. "Flat" areas, force

re calm areas within S.R.

without warning, and disappear just 2

them while they last; inside one, it becomes far easier to speak

A favorite Son of Ether trick is to prepare

with the local spiri
a container ahead of time and persuade an energy spirit (a
fusion elemental, for example) to leave the Realm and see the
universe. The spirit gets to travel without dispersing, the Son

gets a spaceship-level power source, and everybody's happy. It
is important to keep the spirit happy, however.

The entryway on the Horizon appears most often as a
huge electrical storm, but as I mentioned before, the
opening's appearance varies. There are reports of dazzling
clouds of red light that led to S.R. Forces, but these are
infrequent and questionable.

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies 145

WN OK


NO Ail

IW

The Earthand Luna

I rather like the world. The flesh is pleasing
and the Devil does not trouble me.

— Elbert Hubbard

The Earth is flat. The Earth is a sphere.
The Earth is a godde

The Earth is the center of the universe, and
the Earth orbits the sun. All these are true.

I absolutely refuse to describe the Earth
further in this format.

I will, however, take this opportunity to explain a few
things about navigation, and why you should never start
learning real worldwalking inside the Horizon.

Earlier, we mentioned that when Shade Realms over-
lap each other or interact with Penumbrae and Shard
Realms, they create
Inside the Horizon, there are the Earth, the Moon, one

new Realm called an overlap zone.

Lunar Penumbra and three Gaian Penumbrae (one in each
of the Three Worlds), Arcadia and the three Great Eni
mas. That's 10 worlds, all

‘ge and close enough to affect
each other year-round. The Traditions k
identify every Realm within the Horizon since the earliest
days of the Council, and the tally is still growing. We have
ace to list even the names of the permanent Realms,

let alone the thousands of conjunction overlap zones.

ave been trying to

no |

Itisall very complicated. Most of these areas have their
own sections in this book — pay particular attention to the
Shadowlands, or Penumbra of Earth in the Dark Umbra,

which is covered in Chapter Three. Most research sources
skip over it, but for your safety, my father insisted it be
covered. Just don't go there.

For beginning worldwalkers, I recommend leaving the
Earth and all this confusion behind as soon as possible
in the High or Middle Penumbrae if you
want, and then get to the Horizon. The best teachers are out

Learn the basi

here. The universe is simpler, and even though the Ascen-
sion Warisall around you, at least the fight is out where you

can see it and there are fewer civilians in the way.

Luna

The true twin to Earth is not Venus, but the Moon.
Everything that happens there affects our homeworld, and
every change on Gaia is reflected in her sister, Even consen-
By their definition, the Moon—the
only moon that needs no name, the moon which created the

sual science reflects th

very idea of moon — is no moon at all, but a world in its own
right, the other half of our double-planet system.

Certainly the two worlds enjoy very unusual relation-
ship. Many cosmologists believe that the Earth and Luna
together form the Shard Realm of Prime, not one or the
other. They seek to prove it by finding S.R. Prime and
ach world, but so far with no

mapping the portals from it to
success. The entryway on the Horizon has never been

found, giving rise to the question —can a Shard Realm cast

a shadow on the Horizon from the inside?

The Triple Moon

The triple ature of the Moon confuses cosmologists and travelers alike. Byall accounts, the place has three
aspects — the lifelesstock the Void Engineers have"conquered"; that same planet'sdying Umbral shadow, orbited
by Victoria Station;-and the vibrant Court of Luna, How-can one Realm have three aspects

For the answer'to that, we need look no further than our own Earth. Would all the countless Otherworlds
disappear if, by Somie obscene stroke of luck, the Earth were to perish? Most cosmologistssay no. The material
aspect of the world could be destroyed, but its surrounding shadows would survive, at least temporarily. During
the lag time between Earth's annihilation and the death of the Umbrae, beings with the means to do so would set
up new homes, perhaps in the orbit of their former worlds, perhaps elsewhere. Maybe Lunadecided todo the same
when hostile antsifi metal ships came calling on her Realm, After swatting a few (see the early history of Darkside
Moonbase}Chaptef Four), she decided simply to move ‘and leave a barren husk for the ants to play with.

This same theoty may explain why a few Umbral travelers encounter vast spirit worlds governed by demigods
(see Chapter TWO), while most others enter the equally vast but independent Shade Realms described in this
chapter. Maybe'the gods don't like to be bothered.

Maybeit'salso vain tothink that the reasons forthese tripleaspec

shaveanything todowith us whatsoever, Pethaps
it's just one of creation's truths: Cosmologists point to the vatious mystic trinities — Father, Son and Holy Spirit, the
Triple Goddess,.Mind, Body.and Soul, etc. — and'suppose that each planet has three aspects: We simply know more
about the aspects ofour closest neighbor than we do about the outlying planets. And consider that, forall the journeying
the "walker" mysticks might do, most accounts of other planets come from Technomancers}as loath as Alexis might
be admit it; the Sons of Etherhave their own blinders when it comes to admitting the "Scientific" proof of hidden gods.

Perhaps there are certain things they were simply not meant to see.

146 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds


The chief rival theory on the Shade Realm problem
claims that S.R. Prime (wherever it may be) is associated
only with the Earth, and that Arcadia (see below) is the
"Shade" of the Moon. Though not popular with the Order
of Hermes, this theory does explain the immense legendary
yeographic extent of the Fae Realm — provided always that

the Shade Realms are the separate "universes" of modern

cosmology. | prefer to consider Arcadia an Enigma; the Fae

would likely rather it not be classified at all

The physical aspect of the Moon is exactly as the
Consensus portrays it — an airless, barren, cratered, lava-
encrusted world. Only a Technocratic station and a few of
their sentinel satellites break the dead monotony. Unfortu-
nately, the Moon may be like this because the Consensus

portrays it that way. Enough evidence of life remains to

convince many angry Dreamspeakers that the Technoc-
racy has won the battle here already

The Penumbra seems but little different. Most of the
surface is the same barren, cratered wasteland. In the shadows
of the craters, however, the Moon shows a different charac-
ter. Here are the remains of forests, the ruins of villages (and
at least one city) built in a strongly Egyptian style. In the
Penumbra, too, you may meet other travelers the fae
themselves, various strange werecreatures, other mages and
many spirits. | have heard tales that a spirit manifestation of
the Moon, called Phoebe or Luna, sits on the other side of the
Gauntlet instead. Her Realm, a gigantic sphere of pure
moonsilver, swarms with Lune spirits and rejects all who
would despoil Her. If these tales are true, there may be a third
Moon hiding from the Technocratic presence on the
planetoid's surface. I do not know the truth, and I prefer not
to speculate on the ways of shapeshifters

It is important to note that even Ether breathers will
need life support equipment on the mundane side of the
Gauntlet. Perhaps this is a side effect of Dark Side Moon

Base (Chapter Four) and its eerie history

Background

The Moon has always been a gathering-place for Ver
bena and Dreamspeakers (who revere her), and most other
Traditions (merely respecting her) travel here for their own
reasons. The Garou revere Lunaasa goddess, and their myths
attribute many of their talents to Her. Cats are said to walk
to Luna on moonbeams, and the Triple Goddess of elder
cultures is often pictured as the phases of the Moon. Many

Paths and well-worn tracks through the Umbra lead here.

The early Council should have guessed that these would be
the first ways off-planet that the Order of Reason would find.

Darkside Moonbase has changed the whole character of
the Moon. Once fairly friendly to visitors, the Moon now is
hostile, and the fae, Garou and other weres have become even
more protective and belligerentthan before. Be careful, and try
toavoid contact, particularly with anything that looks catlike.
Never disturb any ruins, cairns or artifacts you find.

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies

147


NO Ail

WZ N

Ecology

Nothing lives on the barren surface of the physical
Moon except a few Void Engineers. The Penumbra shows
signs of old forests, and scraps of seaweed in the Mares
suggest old oceans. There is very little life left, and all of it
stays in the shelter of crater walls. From time to time,
especially during what we on Earth see as the Gibbous and
Full phases of the Moon, weird creatures can be seen
dancing across Luna's surface. The Technocrats, I'm told,
get very edgy during such events.

Arcadia

I include this Realm in this section only because it
is certainly located inside the Horizon. I cannot say
whether it truly is associated with the Moon or not; make
your own judgments.

¢ From an anonymous Web posting: Put off your plans
for visiting Faerieland, you tree-hugging New Age dabblers. No
portals, freaks. No teleporting in — that Correspondence shit
only goes if you' ve already been where you're going, or youknow
-exactly— where it is, right? No Paths lead there, and all the old
gates are CLOSED. C-L-O-S-E-D. Titania's pulled in her
washing and Oberon's barred the door.

Come on, why the hell do you think they'd want you
tracking mud and Technocrats in behind you? If we can get
there, the Conventions can get there! I'm asking you, as a
personal favor, to -stop posting- to this damn board. What if you
come up with something that works? Or you give the Techies a
-really- good idea? Oops! Goddamn dead faeries, enslaved
faeries, Nephandi-corrupted faeries.

FIX THIS WORLD FIRST!

We cannot find it. That is all I know.

Asteroids and the Horizon

Asteroids are large roc! Mount
Everest torn from its roots and set in orbit would
be a medium-sized asteroid. Most move around
thesun ina wide Belt between the orbits of Mars
and Jupiter (in the scientific paradigm, any-
way). There are a few closer in than Earth, a few
farther out than Jupiter, and a few in clusters
ahead of and behind Jupiter in its orbit. Mun-
@ danescientistshave charted over 5,000asteroids,
and low-security Void Engineer files hold orbital data on at
least 3,000 more. The Technocracy and Sons of Ether each
maintain fueling stations on various medium-sized rocks, but
there are no large settlements or Chantries.

I have few facts to give you on these tiny Realms, but

theories we have in plenty.

First, the Lost Planet: Early astronomers and cosmolo-
gists asked themselves "Where did all these rocks come
from?" The answer they preferred was that a long, long time
ago, there had been another planet between Mars and
Jupiter. For some unknown reason, the planet exploded.
From the debris came the asteroids, the two moons of Mar:
and many of the gas giants' smaller satellites. Consensual
and mystick astronomers are now finding organic material
in the Belt; therefore if there had been a planet, it might have
had life on it. This is unlikely, but interesting.

Second, stemming from the first: What Sphere could
the Lost Planet (assuming there was one) have been asso-
ciated with? Is there evidence in the asteroids of a Sphere
that no longer exists? Or, on the Horizon, could we find the
entryway of a forgotten Shade Realm? A few armchair
cosmologists and theologians are working on the first half
of the problem, and a few suicidal explorers on the Horizon
search for the second.

148

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Third, more cosmology: Are the Asteroids and the

Horizon two parts of the same structure? Oddas the first two

concepts were, this hypothesis is the most debatable. The
only basis for the connection isa slight accident of position
(the Asteroids separate the "inner" planets from the "outer"
planets; the Horizon separates the Near Umbra from the
Deep Umbra), and of composition (the Asteroid Belt is a
wide region dotted with small Realms; the Horizon isa wide
region dotted with small Realms). No one has established
a connection, though Ceres and Horizon (the Realm, not
the region) are said to be the same world seen different ways,
Shangri-La and Vesta are another famous pair. Since none
of the "obvious" connections are willing to permit the
Realm-shaking experiments needed to prove or disprove
the point, the matter remains in limbo and no serious
cosmologist will touch it.

The Horizon

As we know, the Horizon is the dividing "line" be-
tween the Near Umbra and the Deep Umbra. The Three
Worlds become one as you cross it, and Realspace becomes

indistinguishable from Etherspace beyond it.

Though frequently referred to as a barrier — largely
because that is exactly what the Technocracy would like to

make it — the Horizon is not too difficult to cross. I cannot
tell you what it will look like to your eyes, but I myself see
a wide and shallow river. To me, the Horizon Realms are
boats and islands in the river and along the shores. Many
people see nothing, but do know when they have crossed it,
and most Ethernauts of my acquaintance see a diffuse band
of dust and light. Either way, the magicks required to pass
through are powerful on a mortal scale but minor on a

cosmic one.


Thisarea of space is heavily patrolled by the Void Engineers,

and they maintainseveraldefensivesatellites"between" Lunaand
the Horizon. Be careful here, particularly when traveling toward

the

arth — the systems are designed primarily to keep intruders

out, not to track ships and walkers on their way to deeper space.

Anchorheads
Swirling

ates of energy mark the places where the Horizon

gives way tothe Deep Umbra. These gates, called Anchotheads,
appear and disappear at random, sometimes sweeping unlucky

travelers out of the Near Worlds and hurtling them into space.
Occasionally, Anchorheads manifest in Realms, but more often
they appear along Moon Paths or on the edges of the Horizon.
Some Anchorheads, rippling with the energies of the places
they lead to, reach from Shenti (see"Space") and connect inside
the Horizon, creating a direct passageway to these enigmatic
Realms. I do not advise following their lure.

Anchotheads seem to be more prevalent inside the
Horizon than outside, Although these vortices do appear
from time to time in open space, the "barrier" seems stronger
from without than from within. Many Anchorheads link the
Horizon with Shade Realms or the mysterious Shenti, and
bridge incredible distances in a matter of moments.

Travel through an Anchorhead is a frightening affair.

As the worldwalker enters the whirling vortex, her body
shudders as crackling energies seek to pull her apart. No
magick works inside an Anchorhead — the traveler is there
for the duration. As the whirling clouds disperse, the
explorer finds herself at the other end of the wormhole. Her

reception depends upon where she has landed

IN

» let me get this straight. We can breathe here then?

Air and Ether

Sam: §

Max: I guess those candy-butt astronauts didn't have the

stones to try it.

San

I could never say that about an astronaut.
Steve Purcell, Sam and Max: Bad Day on the Moon
Once past the Horizon, explorers fall into two catego-
ries — people who can breathe and people who can't.
Technocrats can't. Not only do they think that space
is airless, they believe it so strongly that a Technocrat

kicked out of an airlock dies. A Technocrat who lives is not

a Technocrat anymore, Recruit her.
Most Tradition mages and Umbral natives can breathe
"space." Dreamspeakers in particular rarely understand the

problem mundanelyeducated explorers face. Ether-breath-

ing requires some expertise, but most people without it
don't make it far enough to find out

The trick of it is to know that you can. Step outside and
take off your airtank, but keep it close by. This may be
something which you will not get right the first time. It
helps to find a person who breathes Ether and watch them.
Believe what you see, and try some more. It is simple, and
it is not magick, or consors could not do it. It is our best
advantage past the Horizon.

Even so, long trips into deep space require some sort of
life-support system, magickal or otherwise. Like a traveler
in the wilderness, your survival depends on more than
simply breathing. Cut off without any Earthly link, any
traveler will die in time.

Jupiter and Saturn

These two I take together, not because of

2,
Hf their similar physical compositions, but be-
(

gj cause on their moons, the Ascension War
rages more fiercely than anywhere else in the

Tellurian.

Earth is an enormous, deadly battle-

ground, but the combat there is kept quiet.
The Horizon, hotly contested itself, is com-
posed of artificial Realms too fragile for all-out
war and hazardous obstacles like Shade Realm gateways.
The moons of Jupiter and Saturn are large, stable and solid

enough for massive fortresses and heavy assaults. There are

no Enigmas in the area, and no Sleepers or civilians to hide
from or to shield the enemy.

In the strange complexes that surround these planets,

dozens of Awakened mages and hundreds of acolytes (often
bolstered by Otherworldly allies) battle from technomagickal
strongholds. This war began early this century, accelerated
during the Second World War (when the Nephandi were

driven from Earth in large numbers), and continues like a
living chess game. The warriors here are isolated from Earth
and seem to like it that way. My father speculates that they
have found some massive source of Quintessence on one or

both of the planets. This fortune, if it exists, could tip the

balance of the War on Earth, and so both the Council and
the Technocrats send people and supplies through portals
in the moon complexes. Then again, the whole war may be
a ruse for a handful of demented mages who want to p|

Flash Gordon. I don't know.

To give you more detail on the complicated interplay
of power here, I went not to the mages, but to a real expert.
Jedediah "Rambling Jed" Barnes has been a consor of the
Sons of Ether since WWII, and has lived on one of these
moons or another for almost 70 years.

¢ From a letter written January 4, 1996: ...and of
course I'll help out with your book, girl. I'm just not sure exactly
how far back you want me to go — do these folks need history,
or current events? Hell, I'll just try to get the idea across. By the

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies 149

Nz

ID.

XZ

"A

time this thing comes out Callisto may have changed hands

again, and the whole story would take two of your books

Jupiter

The largest planet in the Solar System, Jupiter is roughly
athousandth the size of the sun. At the "surface," this planet
has a gravity two and a half times that of Earth. Though the
world's composition is complex and stratified, Jupiter is best
thought of asa huge ball of cold gas swirling overa core of hot,
solid gas with no real surface or dividing line between them
The atmosphere is famous for its enormous hurricanelike
storms, of which the Red Spot is the best known.

Be careful in the open space around Jupiter; the planet's
magnetic field interacts with the solar wind to create very
dangerous radiation. Worldwalkers will not have a problem
(there are clear routes visible through the poisoned areas),
but space-paradigm travelers need to monitor their instru

ments carefully or use extra shielding.

Background

There's really not a heck of a lot of activity going on down
there right now. We [the Sons of Ether] have a few sensor
stations and an off-and-on manned outpost, and [the Technoc
vacy] has an experimental gas-mining station that we know
about and they know we know about

Jupiter is just too big to know much about

Ecology

Well, so far as I know there's nothing down there but
the Technocrats and Mitch and Eliza Beth [in the manned
pod]

big blip zoom past on the scanner, and how it just couldn't

Liza went on last time about how she'd seen a damn

have been a Techie ship — but nobody believes her. I
wouldn't credit it myself, but I know Jupiter. It's so damn
big that anything could be there, and we wouldn't know it
he cloud level, at the right time, with the

right kind of scanner

unless we hit the r

So maybe

Moons

The moons of Jupiter fall into three categories: large
worlds of rock and various kinds of ice (Ganymede, Callisto
and Europa), smaller rock-worlds and lo. Ganymede is the
largest moon in the Solar System

Jo's crust is nearly entirely sulfur and sulfurous com-
pounds. The Realms many volcanoes erupt sulfur, and an
eruption's always occurring somewhere. lo is the most
seismically active world known. Its orbit lies in Jupiter's
radiation belt, and because of this, an unprotected human
on lo is dead within hours. lo shares an unusual, powerful
magnetic bond with Jupiter in scientific terms; mage cos-
mologists fear that there may be strong mystic bonds
connecting the two as well


Portals are very easily opened between moons and
the Horizon, between various Jovian moons, between
these moons and Saturn's, and between Saturn's various
moons. The smaller the Realms, the less difficulty in
establishing the link. This is one of the reasons for the
constant territorial battles — a fortress ne

ds heavy
warding or Primium defenses to keep gates from being
opened under the defenders.

All right, hold on, it's a long damn list

The biggies first, what you'd call the Gallilean moons ‘cause
he was the first Sleeper to find them. Rightnow, everythings ni
and balanced — the Traditions hold Ganymede, the
Technocracy's got Europa, the Marauders have Callisto, and
the Nephandi are camped out on Io.

But to show you the kind of thing that goes on out here
About two years ago, the Marauders tried to establish a beach-
head on Europa. They managed to take the lesser Techie base
and bringin reinforcements. The Technocracy lost about five of
the little moons when it brought in enough troops to defend the
main Europan base. So the Nephandi took two of those, and we
grabbed the other three. Then we used some of the ships we had
acquired that way to try a sneak attack on the Technocracy
main base. It didn't work, but the Nephandi got another moon
from us while we were busy, and then retreated to Io again,
leaving all their moons undefended. The Marauders tried to take
these, and after they had two of them the Nephandi attacked
Callisto in force, driving every last Marauder off the planetoid
At this point, the Marauders had a base on Europa and seven
little moons, but didn't control a Galilean. Two months later,
they took back Callisto (we figure they had portals the Nephandi
never found) and abandoned the Europan base. The Technoc-
racy moved back in, discovered that the base was just too

booby-trapped to live in, and started work on a new fortress for
that hemisphere — which brings us up to now. That's just two
years, kids. Think about it

Amalthea is the biggest non-Gallilean, and it's a Technoc-
racy world. You've heard of Metropolis 2? It's on Amalthea. It
practically is Amalthea. Metropolis 2 gets hit a lot, but the
Techies' defenses there are better than anything but their main
base on Europa.

Himalia is a pretty decent size, and last time I checked we
still had it. There's a small garrison there of Order of Hermes
folks who like to keep an eye on Metropolis; I think they're
originally from Doissetep. We keep our own people there, and a
few other Traditions, mostly Akashic and Verbena fighting
mages, stay too. The fortifications are pretty bleak though; the
Verbena don't hang around long. Most of those girls like it better
on Ganymede, where things are a little greener and permanent.

Everything else is real small, and changes hands too often to
count. In the same group with Amalthea, there's Thebe, Metis
and Adrastea. In the same group with Himalia, there's Elara,
Leda and Lysithea. Farther out, there's Phasiphae, Ananke,
Carme and Sinope. There's six or seven more tiny ones (some
ial) but they don't matter

Settlements out here are strong and portable. Most of the
little moons' bases are really just damn big ships docked in the
rock, so when the bad guys are about to take over the crew can
lift off and make it to their home Gallilean.

S.R. Matter

Most people are already familiar with S.R. Matter by
another name; this is the universe of the Hollow Earth.
Long thought to be an Enigma, the Hollow Earth now
R. Matter. The

— where

seems to be a "pocket-Realm" inside
Shade Realm itself s
we have vast, interplanetary space, it has vast, interplan-

ems to mirror our univers

etary solid. Science and alchemy have long struggled to
analyze the substance of Matter, but have not succeeded in
determining its exact composition. The substance breaks
down to topsoil and Earth-type crust materials in the
vicinity of the pocket-Realms.

There are thought to be as many Hollow Worlds in S.R.
Matteras there are Shard Realms here, but only the Hollow
Earth and Hollow Mercury have been discovered.

The Hollow Mercury w:
the pocket-Realm theory came along; the

s not recognized as such until
Mercurian Cos-

mology considered it an Enigma, and since the loss of the
City of Brass, no further research has been possible. Cos-
mologists explained the Hollow Earth 20 or 30 different
ways; the Realm was once thought to be the "fading"
remnant of an old part of the Earth itself. The connection
between them was ignored until a comparison of the two
phenomena at a cosmology conference conducted last year
by Dr. William Bridges (Son of Ether).

Now the hunt is on for a third Hollow World to

confirm the theory. Paradigma-sponsored scouting parties
leave (or have already left) this year for the polar regions of
Venus, Luna, Mars, Saturn, Neptune and Uranus. For more

information, contact Paradigma's website.

Saturn

Saturn's adamn sight easier to deal with. That's where most
of our[Sons of Ether] mining goes on, and the Conventions have
at least three cloud stations themselves. Less gravity, less radia-
tion, less hassle. And it's gorgeous; Saturn, the rings and moons
together are about the prettiest thing in whole damn System,
aside from Earth.

This Realm's composition is much like Jupiter's, but on a
smaller scale. The weather patterns are also similar. Saturn has
more large moons than its neighbor (nine instead of six), and
many smaller satellites (nine of which NASA has discovered)
The enormous ring system is the world's most famous feature
and the sight should not be missed

Background

Let's see here... the mining stations have been there, one
way or another, for at least 60 years. Not much to say, except
to wam folks about a few rumors

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies 151


NO All

lS

What we're hearing out here is that one of the
Technocracy's bases, poking its nose into a storm center,
found a portal going somewhere strange. A little vague,
sure, but God only knows how the information is getting
from there to my bar stool. What we're absolutely sure of is
that there are a lot of Techie troops going through Tethys
down to the planet and not coming back. There's definitely
no new settlement, so the question everybody here wants
answered is: Are these scout teams sent to check out
dangerous territory, or are these shock troops sent into
[S.R.] Time to fight somewhere in the future? Could really
ruin your day, seven divisions of Techie troops popping up
where you don't want them

Ecology

No indigenous life known.

Moons

What we've got here are nine biggish balls of rock and
ice. There are a bunch of pebbles floating around, but they're
not important.

Titan is the second-largest satellite in the Solar
System. This strange Realm has a methane atmosphere,
methane oceans and a methane-ice-covered crust. Be-
cause planets with water-vapor in their atmosphere,
s have a habit

water oceans, and water-ice in their crus
of developing life, some consider that "triple-point"
planets — with one substance in three states — may
produce life, no matter what the substan: It isa thin
theory, but strengthened by the fact that Titan is heavily
defended by a spirit of at least Incarna-level powers.
There are also faint signs that may indicate a Titanian
Penumbra. The Dreamspeakers are trying to communi-
cate with the guardian, but either the spirit doesn't talk
or the Dreamspeakers won't.

So Titan's off limits. I'll let you handle that, it's all
hocus-pocus to an old man like me. Everything else is just the
normal squabbles.

Hyperion and Phoebe are ours [the Traditions' ], and
both of ‘em are pretty little ports. We've had a long time
to reinforce the settlements, and I don't think we'll lose
them any time soon. Mimas is different; the whole place is
just a staging area for scout ships, experimental weapons,
suicidal Errants and deranged explorers. It's mostly Ether
Kids like young Alexis, old Virtual Adepts who've decided
to get physical, and weirdoes from other Traditions.
There're even a few Hollow Ones hanging out there —
and to show you just how young the crowd is, the whole
Realm's been nicknamed the Death Star ‘cause it's gray
and-has-ahuge crater that looks like the main cannon array
from themovie.

Tethys and Rhea belong to the Techies, heart and soul.
Dethys Station is an important port for them, and like I said,
the troops really pour through there to Saturn and points

152 © Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

west. Rhea is cloaked pretty good, but we've figured out what
they're up to — big shipyards cover most of the northern half
of the Realm. I'm guessing this must be about their largest in-
System dock and repair station, and maybe the largest
construction dock. There's sure an awful lot of space-junk
floating around Rhea.

Dione, Enceladus, and Iapetus have got Marauders
crawling all over them. We try not to look too closely.

So far as we know, the Nephandi don't control any of the
big moons out here. There's no lo-perfect real estate for them
around Saturn, And while I doubt anybody'd admit to it,
there's kind of a gentleman's agreement between us, the
Techies, and the Mad Ones. Nobody wants the Nephandi
getting in the way while we're fighting each other, so we take
turns ousting them when they've had a little moon too long.
I think right now they've got three of the pebbles, and they'
about due to get kicked off two of them.

The NASA-named pebbles are Pan, Atlas, Prometheus,
Pandora, Epimetheus, Janus, Telesto, Calypso and Helene.
I know that a few escaped Voyager, and I'm pretty sure
Shrimp, Ichiban, Corvus, and Roll Over all have the old
names to them.

S.R. Time

Probably the most dangerous Shade Realm of all.

Even the most experienced mages get lost in it, and few
explorers have ever returned to share their research.
Cosmologists and Time Masters think they know what
the difficulty is, but are helpless to prevent it.

The theory is this: Our home universe has three
spatial dimensions, in which, with practice, we move
freely. It has one time dimension, in which we can
move in only one direction, usually at a constant and
unalterable rate. Masters of Time can change only the
rate, never the direction. Enter S.R. Time, and (ac-
cording to the very few who come back) space feels

G

normal, but all the dimensions are time. However you
move, you are time traveling. If you stand still, you are
time traveling. Few can understand how their seem-
ingly spatial movement relates to the world outside. On
return, a mage may discover that his three steps in and
two to the right have sent him forward 20 years, and
aged him 10. Alexis, for instance, goes in, takes the
same five steps, and returns 5000 years later, younger
than she went in. This effect, which some Cultists of
Ecstasy call "the Blink of Brahma's Eyes," has yet to be
surmounted, even by Masters of Time. The great Akrites
Salonikas, among others, supposedly took a journey
into S.R. Time as the last act of his career.

My advice is to avoid this Realm like the plague.
Those who study the mysterious Zigg'raugglurr claim
that this time-spanning race might have originated in
S.R. Time, and no one wants to encounter more of those
monstrosities.


Oranus and
Neptune

Space flights are merely an escape, a flee-

ing away from oneself, because it is easier to go
to Mars than itis to penetrate one's own being

— Carl Jung

arurn is the last busy planet; the next
two are cold and dark, too far out for easy
Horizon access and lacking any attractions
worth traveling the length of the System for.

TheirShade Realms, how reanother

story. Though noone has decided which is which, one of these
planets "represents" Mind and the other, Spirit. If you, the
reader, have been Awakened for any period of time, you have

Zach of

these formless universes expresses our deepest selves — our

already traveled to these Realms without realizing it.

minds and souls. The reality we bring there is the reality inside
ings
and Epiphanies. The trials we encounter here are those things

ourown beings. In short, these are the places we go forSe

which we must overcome to progress on Earth

Oranus

Uranus appearsas a huge, green gas giant. Itand Neptune
(twins in size and type) are cooler than the inner colossi, and
of slightly different composition. Astronomers hold two main
theories on Uranus' structure — the first (and more likely),
that the cold, dense atmosphere covers a slush-ball kind of
core; the second, that the atmosphere covers a water ocean,
beneath which would be a silicate, rocky core. Neither has
been confirmed by explorers; very few travel to this Realm.

Uranus is unusual for a gas giant; the Realm has no
internal source of heat. The planet's oddest feature is that
it "lies on its side." If you think of the Solar System in
spatial rerms, the equator of the sun and the equators of all
the other planets lie more or less in the same plane
Uranus' equator is tilted 98° to that plane.

Moons

The names of the moons come from Shakespeare and
Pope's The Rape of the Lock. Puck, Cordelia, Ophelia, Bianca,
Cressida, Desdemona, Juliet, Portia, Rosalind and Belinda
are "pebbles;" Miranda, Ariel, Umbriel, Titania and Oberon
are world-sized Realms. The Akashic Brotherhood has a
monastery, the Red-Wind-Forest-Home, on Miranda, and
there are at least seven scattered outposts of other Traditions
on the other sizable Realms. I heard two years ago about a
cabal of Hollow Ones planning a trip to Ophelia and Juliet,
but lost track of them afterwards. The smaller moons are
largely unexplored — the Akashic monks are typical of
settlershere in that they do not wish to bother orbe bothered.


NO Ail

The Marauders hold Puck and Oberon, and no one
seems to mind. The Technocracy has only one known
facility in the area, a refueling station on Ariel. Nephandic
movements around Uranus remain a mystery.

Neptune

Neptune appears as a huge, blue gas giant. The atmo-
sphere is famous for high-velocity winds that blow west over
the equator and east over the "temperate" zones. Neptune
is a more lively world than its twin; its weather patterns
resemble Jupiter's rather than Uranus,' and the Spots vis-
ible on the inner gas giants also manifest here.

Moons

Neptune has eight known moon:
Despina, Galatea, Larissa, Proteus, Triton and Nereid.

Naiad, Thalassa,

Triton is the largest; the Technocracy's last in-System

station sits on the Realm's North Pole. Only Naiad and
Thalassa are "pebbles;' both are uninhabited. We know of
four Tradition Chantries (two mixed, one Dreamspeaker,
one Celestial Chorus) in the area, but because no one has
yet checked NASA's findings against the features of these
Realms, I cannottell you which world houses which Chantry.
I do not even know whether Voyager found the Chantry

moons at all.

Background

If anything of significance has happened on either
world, the fa

have not been recorded.

Ecology
No life, aside from the Chantries based on the moons,
is known to exist in either place.

S.R. Spirit

Travel to this Realm is outstandingly simple. S.R.
Spirit has a wide, open entryway on the Horizon, often
described as a "mirage of feeling." Vague, but accurate.
Some travelers see what they expect the gate to look like —
a massive palace gate seething with mist, or an outcrop of
rock lit by inner sunlight. Most simply find a glade or

thicket on the Horizon which appeals to them strange
strong impressions of home and familiarity emanate from
the area. Once you're inside, the mirage ends and the
Realm's nature becomes apparent.

The landscape you enter depends entirely on the state of
your own soul. Nephandi surround themselves with hellish

vistas, Technocrats tend towards austere and mountainous

terrain, and Tradition mages create a wide variety of scenery.

Still more disturbingly: When a mage crosses into S.R.
Spirit, her Avatar takes on separate form. Any bound spirits
pe their housings — fetishes included — and your Avatar

exists as a separate entity. The Realm forces posse:

ing entities
out of their vessels, and here they show their true forms. Any

154 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

"liberated" spirit remains tied to its "subject" by a thin thread
similar to the astral-traveler's silver cord. Breaking the thread
frees the trapped spirit to roam on its own. Reuniting loosed
spirits with their vessels is extraordinarily difficult.

Breaking an Avatar's thread leaves its mage soulless but
alive. If the Avatar stays in the area, it can be reattached, but
anyone who would cut a mage's cord will certainly try to
destroy ot kidnap the Avatar immediately afterward. If the
soulless one leaves the Realm, she may never find her Avatar
again — remember that Shade Realms are probably uni-
verses in their own right. A kidnapped Avatar is usually
taken outside the Realm by the culprit. Be careful.

Why visit such a potentially dangerous world? For
consorsseeking Awakening, Dreamspeakers seeking knowl-
edge, or any mage simply Seeking, this Realm — where
face-to-face conversations with Avatars are possible — is
sometimes the only hope.

S.R.Mind
Similar in many ways to S.R. Spirit, $.R. Mind changes
its appearance based on the visitor's mental state rather

than nature. Anger produces storms and earthquakes, con-

tentment brings sunshine and cool breezes. The weather
fluctuates quickly, but the landscape remains much the
same throughout a visit.

S.R. Mind's entryway is a blue-white field of light,
either vertical and walked through like a door, or horizon-
tal and dropped into. Once a visitor arrives, she finds
herself in a landscape which best reflects her mental state.
A frightened Virtual Adept might end up in a Kafkaesque
prison, while a calm Dreamspeaker walks her ancestral
hills. Ifa number of worldwalkers enter the Realm at once,
the landscape becomes a composite of their collective
psyches —a very disconcerting thing, no matter how well
you may think you know

our cabal!

No traveler enters S.R. Mind or Spirit without some
kind of test which must be overcome. Hence, the regions
become unconscious staging grounds for the conflicts we face
to Ascend. "Walking" travelers rarely face the kind of trials
that mages on a formal Seeking do, but they may discover
unpleasant things about their companions before they all
leave the Realm. Every attempt to "barge in" through a group
Seeking has ended in failure; from what I've heard, the true
benefits of Seeking can only be learned alone.

This Realm isa grand tool for self-discovery. Because it

reflects all the levels of the conscious and subconscious

mind, a worldwalker can discover the cracks in her armor,

the fallacies in her assumptions, and all the forgotten
skeletons in her closet if she looks hard enough.

One very unsettling aspect to S.R. Mind remains: If the
Shade Realms are truly parallel universes dominated by one
Sphere, then chances are good that this entire universe is
sentient, and that when you walk into it you are entering a

single enormous mind. This is only a theory. However...


" ]| Running Landscapes
= When charactersenterS.R. MindorS.R.§

is determined by the character's Demeanor, in S.R,
description to fit the character and the chronicle,

Because of the Storytelling difficulties inher
walking in the

and need your

same area, you may w
direction) one at a time.

Ifyou do decide to run composite |
will represent the spirit or mindset of th
instance, a Bon Vivant, a Conniver, a
all together, they stand aloof from other cabals and m
Loner. This would get them simple
cityscape with flashing neon
but all the tight

he group as a whole,
Survivor and

angles off by a degree or two.

Normally, there are no inhabitants in any of the stru
in S.R. Spirit, but because there
Few Umbrood frequent S.R. Mind.

Example

* Architect: Unformed cit
* Avant Garde: Empty plains, open tundra,
* Bon Vivant: An endless tound

* Caregiver: Farmland, gardens. More frequently, ;
* Conformist: Suburbs.

of almost exactly

* Conniver:
© Criti
* Curmudgeon:

Las Vegas-type cityscapes. Also forests,

Any Earth-type
The World of Darkness looking

pirit, the environment adjusts to reflect them. InS. R. Mind, the |
Spirit, her Nature
but we've included suggestions
ent in running the
ant to run Seekings (particularly in SR. Spirit, where the

landscapes, figure them out

and fancy casinos, surrounded by n;

are no disguises, they can't become

IN YK

landscape

is the important factor. You can custom-tailor your

below to get you started

fe ghosite landscape generated by six mages all

Avatars become NPC's

ahead of time. You need to decide whether the setting

* Deviant: Glass houses to smash, signs to disobey. Tends to be rocky.

* Director: Pictures to straighten, Like the real world, but manageable
Lots of cliffs Sorges. Extremes of whatever terrain is most like

* Fanati

* Jester: Dull Prairies, bleak s

‘ashores. This place
* Judge: Lawless wilderness, or dark, siren-filled citysc:
* Loner: Desert or Sparse forest, full of othe
* Martyr: Cliffs, deserts, Empty cities, nor
* Rebel: Hassle, Quicksand, thorns
* Survivor: Tough but livable fores
* Traditionalist:
* Visionary:

know how to

mount:

look.

Pluto

reas the ninth planet and the Shard Realm of
hard Realm of

Je Pluto hereas the ninth planetand the

includ

art by poir
ervations. | shall start - an
Ean Ce gages cnt he clasiRcah

half of our leading cosmolo toSleeperhistory) by Clyde

Pluto wasdiscovered (according lowing calculations made
haugh in 1930. Tomaugh wasfollowingcaleulations mde
by Peretval Lowell chesame Sleeper whoma weeds
y Fercivalho 4 sing a munda
lie e surface of Mars using wuld be.
structures on the surfz predicted it we

vell had

vhere Lowell ha a

Pluto was more or less w SSL

ater I based his calculations on ae oue anos

(Uranus Ne ) by itself is ig

soft and Neptune — but Pluto by paler
ee ee Pluto and both its moons tog

se them.
enough to cause

The good old days made manifest, including the first signs of whatever de:
Ordinary Earthly lands. Clouds, dirt, w ater, woods —

orbea layering of all the character's Are hetypes together, For
aCritic forma Scouting cabal, the Elephant's children. When they're
‘age society in general, making the cabal-as-a-whole's Demeanor
desert or forests from the suggested lists. Layered, they might find themselves in'a
asty urban streets — everything very lush and pleasant,
ctures generated by the y isitor's minds. Umbrood may show up
art of the scenery there unless the y already belong,
Pe y ig.
tes, young orchards, Tuins, empty foundations, Raw materials without form.
rolling grasslands, fields of pure white snow.
whatever the character enjoys most. If life's a beach.,
* war zone, ravaged lands, or hospital ward,
ome — wherever the character belongs, but with nothing quite in the tight place,
environment, but with everything Slightly skewed,
ven worse. Murphy's law incarnate.
with just a little more effort. Hilly.
home.
Needs a party.
apes.
t people's footprints,
merely unpopulated ones,
S, roots tripping you up, walls blocking your path.
» Robinson Crusoe islands, prairie, urban jungle,
stroyed them back home, Hazy,
but with Patterns and signs hidden for those who
or there is
sr Lowell was very lucky, or there is
*t big enough, so either Lc J cosmologists are aware
n't big en, kened cosmologists 4
mnore out there than even Awakene | true Shard Realm of
vroughly more ou planet and true Sh
nginto why roug! of: possibly the real ninth f » as Planet X, or Proserpina.
ae ed to in theory as Pla ‘ra Son of
EntORTiCenes like nonsense if you aren'ta Son
Alll this may sn tind Orphiin bit there area lot
is callyminded _ )
Ether oran astronomicallymin plore the local system Plutc
-ople who would like to ext areand the:ine
"ite, se the scientifically known moon C mologists, the
2 e sciel 7 2 )sI 'B! *
Cee ee, Coders, Ookeeamely Sore caeeeagns
er mot bom efecrively quarancined by Senex,
een effect Ws
entire area has been e ss on Cerberus.
\ Jer of the Euthanatos Chantry «
eader of s ee
Ne 155

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies


156

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

The one stable portal into the planetary system leads to
the death-mages' school, and apparently no farther. Senex
allows no traffic through, no use of the portal by exploration
teams, and no scouting bases on Charon. A ship-based
expedition might land on Charon or Pluto and search, but
the attempt would be slow, obvious and possibly rude. The
mages on Cerberus are capable of destroying Technocratic,
Marauder, and Nephandic craft in the area, and often do so.
No Tradition ships have been willing to press their luck
Noone has been able to find any other portals leading into
the Pluto system, or discover a route from the Dark Umbra to
S.R. Entropy (None that can be used, at least. Rumors hint that
some portal runs from Pluto to the bottom of the so-called
Labyrinth", butno one living has made the trip). Cosmologists
presume that there must be a portal from Cerberus to the other
moon, at least, perhaps to Pluto, and maybe even to Planet X.

S.R.Entropy

We know very little about this Realm; until the Sphere-
universe theory became popular, no one was looking forit. Not to
say that the Realm has never been visited, but it is nearly
impossible to confirm thata world last traveled to three centuries
ago truly is the world you're looking for when there is nothing to
guide you but ancient diaries and the memories of very old men.

Because of the quarantine, all travel to S.R. Entropy takes
place on the Horizon. Very little of it has been successful or
enthusiastic. The tendency toavoid any contact with Entropy
is understandably strong, and until explorers with more expe-
rience in the Sphere are available, we won't know much

Scouts sent through what is believed to be the Horizon
entryway find themselves in what feels like a section of the
Shadowlands and looks like the inside of a coal cellar at
midnight. This gateway appears as a completely black and
lightless area that occludes stars and objects that pass behind it

Charon and Cerberus

Charon is a small, rocky ball of ice, and mundane science
isprobably correct in consideringita captured comet. Very little
isknown about this Realm; there are no known stable portals to
or from it. The few gates which have been opened collapsed
before the retum of the scouts who were sent through
Cerberus, slightly larger, is rocky and craterpocked. The
surface conditions are desertlike, and surprisingly warm this far
from the Sun. The Euthanatos Chantry is located on the
equator, totake bestadvantage of the heat. Two main structures
make up the settlement: The Gatehouse (the only edifice
remaining from the first Chantry here), and a walled complex
that houses the modem settlement. Made of dark red basalt, the
ancient Gatehouse is notable for its labyrinth, intricate design,
and heavy, subtle warding. The walled teaching colony was
constructed in this century, and most of it is white sandstone.
The Chantry seemed built for a much larger residency than it
would ever house, but the spacious, quiet quarters and once-
empty dormitories are full to overflowing now (see below)

Background

I skip over Charon completely here; Cerberus is the
real center of interest in the system.

We have few details on the Chantry which preceded the
current Euthanatos establishment. It was definitely much
smaller; the two surviving cabals were both living in the same
section of the Gatehouse when construction began on Senex's
new complex. Rumor has it that the original occupants were
also death-mages, but no confirmation is forthcoming. Since
Senex took overat the tum of the century, Spring has returned
to Cerberus. The population of teachers and students has
grownsteadily, ifslowly, and the Chantry's influence issurpris-
ing for so small and distant a Realm.

DLW

Current events may throw off Cerberus' idyllic growth,
however. The refugees from the Fors Collegis Mercuris (see
Mus, in this chapter) were offered, and have accepted, sanctu-
ary with the Euthanatos. Sources on Cerberus describe the
situation as temporary, but with Mus under Nephandic occu-
pation, it's difficult to see where the College refugees could
turn next, and they certainly will be staying for the indefinite
future. Rumor has it that there is already friction between the
residents and their unexpected guests.

Ecology

Cerberus hasa normal settlement mix of animals and plants.
Itsmain garden is famous for its selection of rare herbs and flowers.

Space

Space is the stature of God.

— Joseph Joubert

This ends the tour of the Solar System. I can't
ake youmnuch farther. After Pluto, theonly thingsout
there till tied to oursunare the rocky snowballscalled
the ort Cloud by astronomers. The walking Tradi-
tions (mostly Dreamspeakersand Verbena) recognize
them in different form, and I like their version better

— these are the standing stones at the edge of the
known world, and dimly lit however you see them.

Past that, we are only certain of one thing. Deep space is vast,
lightless and alive. The Nephandi and their corrupt masters lie
somewhere in the Void, perhaps in the Realm called Malfeas, perhaps
in other places as well. Marauders seem to spawn in a place sometimes
called the Flux, andbeings without names prowl the void between worlds.
Most of those who pass the Horizon never return. Remember that

Although most walking explorers pass through portals in
the different Realms, the occasional traveler finds she can
indeed walk in space. How is this possible? Isn't space an airless
vacuum, without gravity or surface? Well, yes and no. It is a
desert of reality, a barren nothing dotted with islands of
something. If you have the power and the will to bring your own
pocket of something with you, you can shape that nothing to
your needs. (See my notes under "Air and Ether.")

Most walkers fashion a path through space. Skill with the
Correspondence, Mind or Spirit Spheres helps in this regard — the
distances are still unimaginably vast. Generally, a traveler will need
some form of ship ifhe wants to go far; walking in space can literally
take lifetimes. Long-term survival requires powerful magicks; other-
wise, the trip through nothing drains your very soul. The fact that
Madand Fallen exiles hav Je our Horizon attests that
erves of Quintessence exist in space. Those discovered have
been fewand farbetween, though, soit is best to bring yours with you.

As for the Realms these exiles create, | have heard stories of
night-black seas in space, of asteroids honeycombed with living
flesh, of screaming stars and glowing, acidic clouds. | imagine that

rvived outs

whatever hells these beings — and their masters — create, those
Realms are always changing, nightmarish, and suicidal to enter.

Shenti

Outside the Horizon, yet close enough to reach, three
enigmas exist without any tie to consensual space. Noastrono-
mer can detect them, and few Technocratic probes record
them. Even so, travelers stumble onto these places every so
often. Iteration X even has a base in one of them. For lack of
a better term, the Akashic astrologer Cho Lu called these
enigmas Shenti, or "bodies." It is as appropriate a name as any.

The three Shenti seem to embody aspects of the Metaphysic
Trinity, at least insomeaccessible fashion. Some Akashicsbelieve
that the Technocratic Realm Autocthonia rests on the fringes of
Stasis' Shenti. Umbral roads lead toa place called the Flux, where
Dynamism warpseverythingit touches. Malfeas,aboilingobscen-
ity of pure corruption, is said by some to be the Shenti of Entropy,
or at least of the worst aspects of it. Nephandi and Marauders
spring from the latter two Shenti, and the most fanatical Techno-
crats consider Autocthonia a kind of heaven. Perhaps the Earth
itself is the Shenti of the middle Path. I don't know.

All three Realms are very large, apparently stable, spiraling
far past the Oort Cloud. Anchorheads link all three to places
within the Near Umbra. These places, always hidden, often
manifestnear places which epitomize their nature. The Technoc-
racy maintains gatewaysto theirchosen home (seeChapter Four),
while unpredictable spirits, demons and Umbral storms protect
the others (see Chapter Two). Even the maddest Etherjammers
avoid the Shenti. I recommend following their example.

The "Great Race"

The Etherjammers themselves pilot their odd craft as far
as their theories will carry them. Void Engineers do likewise.
Most establish outposts such as the Copernicus Research
Center and Victoria Station (Chapter Four) to return to for
rest, fuel and food. Though Alexis may hate me for saying so,
I find theactions of these "Ethernauts" to be analogous to other
Victorian gentlemen who found it impossible to acquire their
"trophies" without wiping out whole species. Here is the lesson
in the hundreds of lost worlds we may never again discover:
Once you snatch your butterfly from the air, it dies.

ZS

ID.

Chapter Five: Celestial Bodies



Chapter Six:

Those Beyond

I suppose every single one of us that comes here, knowing that his work will

mean contact with extraterrestrials, thinks that he will be an exception, that he'll
find a way to make friends with at least some of them. You figure you'll get the

Lingoe to teach you a few words

Hello! How are you? Nice whatsit you've got

there!" That kind of thing. You think, we can't just go on forevermore being
strangers, right? But when the time comes, and you get close to an Alien, you
understand what the scientists are talking about when they say it isn't possible

Suzette Haden Elgin, Native Tongue

When traveling the Otherworlds, you
are going to meet many strange and mysteri
ous beings. Some will be weaker than you are,
some stronger. All are dangerous to the un.
wary, careless or stupid.

In an effort to give our readers an edge in
caution, care, and foresight, we set out to
presenta detailed listing of the most common

types of Umbrood. Alexis and | polled
Doissetep and our contributors for just those spirits (and
other things) they had encountered frequently. When the
list hit 2,000, we called a halt. The complete Guide to

Umbrood is a task beyond our current scope. (Not that
Porthos doesn't have plans already.)

What follows is admittedly a compromise. We chose our
favorites from the common, the interesting and the perilous.
ailed as we could make them, and I

The descriptions are as d

hope that they will be useful. One warning: Even the best

written, best-illustrated guidebook can't really portray the es-
sence of a creature. Treat every Umbrood you meet, no matter
how well you think you know it, as if it were unidentified, all-
powerful and temperamental — because you might be right.

And show no fear.

— Alexis and The Fisher Princess

Those Beyond 159

Chapter Sin


NO All

Creatures

God is good, God is great
God's a big invertebrate
— Boiled in Lead, "The Microorganism"

Raamas Ka (Alien Horrors)

An obscenity hatched from the outer
reaches, this Nephandic pet rides into battle
with Fallen warriors wrapped in its tendrils. A
shifting mass nearly 50 feet long, the Raamas Ka
resembles a boiling merger of a hairball, fog and a nest of
spiders. As it rides upon the Umbral winds, the creature bawls
like a giant baby or whispersa feminine sing-song of destruction,

In the final days of the war in Europe, Nephandic Laby-
rinths summoned nearly a dozen Raamas Ka to aid them against
the allied Traditions and Technocrats. Wreathed in flame, the
creatures bathed in Dresden's firestorms and sucked the souls
from Germans trapped in the sewers beneath Berlin. Although
mop-up teams believe they got the last of the horrors — surely
none of them could have survived the Paradox effect for long,
anyway — travelers who meet the Fallen in space discover there
are plenty more where those came from.

Raamas Ka appear to be intelligent; no one who has
not suffered the Nephandic rebirth can communicate
with the creatures, but they do seem to recognize battle
Ether have both

tactics. The Progenitors and Sons of
probed the rotting remains of Raamas Ka corpses, but their
findings are inconclusive. Primal mysticks who've met the
beasts claim they mix flesh, spirit and entropic energies in
able whole. Mages who've tried to contact

a highly uns

* Games; Alert: Storytellers are advised that an encounter with Otherworldly deniz
ry
pecially the more esoteric ones, operate on wavelength:

asimple "bug hunt"; these creatures,

them telepathically have suffered mental hemorrhages
and insanity. Some have even burst into black flames

In combat, a Raamas Ka swirls about its enemies and
dissolves their bodies and equipment. Some Nephandi riders
suffer the same fate, but the Fallen don't seem to mind;
indeed, reports claim the dying Nephandi often laugh as their
skin falls away. The Raamas Ka themselves shrug off most

forms of harm and magick without pain; although a Device
which disrupts the creature's body with pure Prime energies
has been successful, Etherjammers have yet to discover a
reliable way to harm a Raamas Ka with physical force. Even
so, the entities appear to be flesh, not ephemera; Life magick,
not Spirit, has the greatest effect on them.

Attribut

Perception 6, Intelligence 1, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Stealth 3,

Cosmology 5

: Strength 8, Dexterity 3, Stamina 9,

Spheres: none

Willpower: 8

Health Levels: OK x 6, -2 x 3, dispelled

Armor Rating: 4

Attacks/Powers: Dissolving touch (6 dice of aggra-

vated damage; can be used at range with a Dexterity + Brawl

roll, difficulty 7. Appears to be voluntary); mystick sight
(all Spheres at Rank One only)

Innate Countermagick: 4 dice (does not work against
Entropy + Prime conjunctional Effects, though it does stop
each Sphere separately)

can be much more than
far different than our own.

While a "monster" stands and fights or runs, an Epiphling may buzz wonderingly in and out of an explorer's ear, hoping
to see what color her brain is. Similarly, a being who has survived for hundreds or even thousands of years isn't likely to
jump into a potentially fatal fight when he could simply wave his fingers and disappear. As a general rule when you're
running Umbrood creatures, think of whatever action is most obvious and appropriate. Then do the opposite.

These Umbrood are organized in the following way: Alien Horrors are living tools of the Nephandi (or is that the
other way around?); Dream Spirits inhabit the Realms within the Maya; Epiphlings can be found cruising anywhere
in the Near Umbrae, and draw from the essence of a single thought or concept; Major and Minor Umbrood also travel
the Airts on their own strange missions, and Realm Dwellers inhabit a certain Realm described in an earlier chapter.
Note that spirit entities use their Gnosis for Social and Mental Attributes when they've Materialized.

These Umbrood are only the tip of a huge iceberg. Plenty of additional Otherworldly oddities can be found in:
the following games and sourcebooks:

* Werewolf (Book of the Wyrm, Axis Mundi, Umbra: The Velvet Shadow, Werewolf Storytellers Guide

and Players Guide)

* Mage (The Book of Madness, Ascension's Right Hand, Horizon: The Stronghold of Hope, The Mad

Masque [forthcoming])
* Wraith (The Sea of Shadows, Dark Kingdom of Jade Adventures, Midnight Express)
* Vampire (Clanbook Malkavian, Storytellers Guide to the Sabbat)
¢ Changeling (Changeling Players Guide)

The Book of Worlds

160 Beyond the Barrie


191 puodag aso] :xig saideys)

Jeau Maid sduryp Auog ys1y ay UaY\ ‘291 JUapPYuo pure quand
Ajesuaqut ue pare:

2 Sururseunt puosag suedsayy] pue yaMoID,
w'TIW 2 ay, AYBnoyp asry arp pey pue ‘oejd aysH
aya asnf ur awn IYsu ayp asnf de Ava IYsIE ap asnf ut Gaypador
aures Auew atp jo dnoss e ‘Aep auG ‘AueUT a1aM\ a1ayp YOO
‘omy alm auatp Uatp puy ‘pappng i! puyy "mays a1 puyy "ssunp
podojaaap sso] ‘s9]]etWs SuTea UeSaq 31 ‘91 puNoge pinby Burats-—ayt]
dy TUT paaouL at 39UC ‘ouU]s PeUTAd au Jo 3No pazoo ATYSTEEN|S
Burypouros ‘ssaj sdeypiad ‘oxo sdeypod ‘o8e uoe uy :4s03STHy
"slonuagiodg axp 02 asaxaqUt eaLS Jo aq pynom ade
stya Jo UOHeIO] AY O2 SuIpea] UoNeULOZUT Au ‘A}sNOlAqC)
*]}2M se JayUNosua rYstuE Aayp sua|qoud Jay Aue 1
pue ‘osiaatup) dag atp yo s108 atp 01 sarods umo stay zope

:opoisutdp use aaey sionuadolg aya YM Apexa Op aiojas9 yA

ued pue jesodsip stay ae SusauISua oNaUIs a]qIpazdUT aUIOs

avy o1 suaddey aoe sty "siaauISug plo, ayp Aq pasoydxa mou
aoeds Jo uotiar axp sardnaso (vayfapru vpodopydep paureu 4jaan
-eyUa}) aoe] UORepUNoy e ssisayiodAy e paunsoy aavy sioNUasoIg
ay ‘s1uutaL ansst  pinbs,, autos jo Apmis au pur ouapiAo sty

uo paseg ‘soapta preog-uo Ma}e UR SIOATAINS poUuTeUL JOsSUTAE

quaraYyoout Ajieau Surstidwios ‘asreds st erep ajqeyreae ay |

«pinbg |[N}, slaypie py asoup SuTTPe> 07 uayea aaey soUUEPY,
sours plon, "pear ued Aatp az ayp ye Suuarysneys pue
speatpyng ax Surpparys Apssopuoys uayp ‘day woyy rey are sjasson
pres yun sdrys.ziatp jo ]]NY atp uo Sumpry ‘swapouypey Surzuou
fofua 01 suiaes zejnonzed ut ada auQ "plormse aio yep e jo
aoeypins AyD0I atp Jo drys v jo TNY AuTYs Syaeqys ay YDrew ATisea Jey

soply ayt]uoopaureyp avy asoun ‘adeyNoureD pur YpTears jo siaIseYy
"TE ypqezyyg uaang) ay moypeas pynoo aweup swuers are asaekze] OP,
"rpyeadsureaig] Sunyjemppon vjo sosessed Surypearg ay owt wars
o1ysnous Aun are aul0g "2

UL ApH Area , SIOUDE AA, 9S9U
SuIqaMAsIp aI] e aAaYyAr-sMoU-oyM
01 yo woayp SuiS3eup pue sdiys sry punoxe Surddeam 8912

U9)
Suo]-200}-90] Jo soya JeouOAsTY ay Puy Aayp UdAd YBNoY
4doouos styp yaa AaNoyyIpss9] avy Jy JOsUOg ay J 9Dedsjo
Plo, ssapte atp ySnomp asea asoveaus aya YT wuts Ay aouIs
‘Surasuossip Ajjepadsa sump asatp puy siaoutsiug plo,

soho any plas seanqeaid otp Jo aduaTOAayeu at pouonudUE

sey Joatuns Aiaag "(suodeam Adiaua SuLeaq s[upuar seyNosNuL

pur sofepuodde ay] diya ‘"uoypes, pouodas aavy sioayauns
wos) sBuIyI SuAIOsa AoW UAAa JO "Yue jo pinbs andues
U1 01 TepHUIS sYOoY poqueg ‘suBLIA | O21 JeIPTU Ossdnd UOHONs ay

2.

py Uk s9]9eIUAI 9s9y PUE [eNPLAIpur oO [ENpLAtpur Woy Area or

suua9s yeYp S9]3eIUAI Jo Joquinu k ssassod Ady |. "(YUE

uo speuue
{uog ay jo sow tpi sueuNyY Aq pareys ANOUIUUAS TeIOIe|IG ay 0
pesoddo sr) yeounowruds Ajjeiped pur saqerqoua Aut age Wayp Jo |e
‘saoueseadde je 4g "ysyajnino pu tdorso ‘pinbs sv Ypns sia]]aMp
vasiapun UeLa] oO aduE|quIAs|l SuLAyLUOY pue SuryLNs soy
Aq paaejaa aq ued ade stp jo senpratput ayy ‘sanmua snouaishut
jones B Yl siaquNosUa pauiodau sI9faANN TeIqUIE] daaq] J9y}O
Puke Jaypg jo suog ‘sisauiBug plo, ‘stead YG ase] AY 19AC

(SA0.L10]] Us] VW) da0q
OY} UL S90Yo}e MM OY L


NOP Ail

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worl

them, they ignored them, rather like a middle-aged person will
ignore teenagers' fashions as passing fads. The Watchers slowly
continued to grow and think and develop, discovering other
Realms beyond the simple "pond" of their origin. In time,

however, the bony things got annoying. As they began to think,

theybegan tomistakenly believe theycouldruletheworld. Under
the glare of an array of icy blue eyes, their burgeoning civilization
was extinguished without a whit of mercy

Subsequent encounters have shown bony things to be

a fairly universal annoyance in need of extermination

However, the Watchers have a unique perspective of im-
mense patience. They have time to explore everything to
the fullest, and they gather even the tiniest scrap of infor-
mation before taking action. To this end, they have learned
the tricks of genetic engineering, creating a vast array of

body types and subspecies, each designed for specific duty

The engineered types include frontal assault machines, tiny
intelligence gatherers, and the behemoths that guard the
deeply hidden genetic growth centers.

Recently, in Earth's time frame, and a mere eyeblink ago (if
they indeed blink) to the Watchers, humans entered into the
paradigm of the rulers of the Great Sea (as they call the universe)
Somehow, the humans stumbled across one of the Watchers

vessels, tucked away after the last spate of exterminations (see "The
Cop"). The actual taking of the ship didn't attract the horrors'
attention. Neither did fumbling with the ship's controls and

engines. It was the extremely crude and rude manner in which

one of the singularity projectiles was injected into one of the
Watchers' Deep Ocean portals. After several decades of con:
sideration and distant observation, the Watchers determined that
they needed more in-depth information on these new bony things.

The Watchers keep z

mens" they discover in their explorations — zoos which

30s containing the various "speci

function as centers of observation and experimentation. Sev
eral such zoos have "fallen into" the hands of human explorers,
and a number of the Watchers' lesser castes have attacked far-
wandering spaceships. A group of Progenitors once managed
to obtain some of the Watchers' convoluted genetic material
and, through their own tremendously primitive experiments,
produced their sentient guard cephalopods (See Technoc-

racy: Progenitors). These creations have actually elicite
what might be interpreted as amusement from the home race.
The long-term result of this amusement remains to be seen
Behavior Patterns: The foundation race, Cephalopoda
malefica, has not yet revealed itself to human eyes. Or if it
has, those human eyes are now probably pickled for further
study somewhere. They are the most meticulous and pa-
tient of all the Watchers, hidden away somewhere in the
Deep Universe, watching and watching and watching
The subspecies, while still sharing the basic behaviors of
their parent race, tend to live faster and die sooner, and are
therefore not quite as patient. The frontal assault types wait until
the best time to strike, and certainly aren't hasty about doingso,
but they do indulge themselves a bit, much like a child with a
magnifying glass indulges himself with large and juicy bugs


LW

Three basic body types of the commonly encountered "squid" exist. These entities bear little
malefica. See below for generic attributes for these three as well as C. malefica.
10-15+ (behemoths)
2 (behemoths)
8-10+ (behemoths)

3 (behemoths)
3 (behemoths)
3 (behemoths)

‘Attributes

to the "mother race," C

Strength: 5 (warriors) 1 (spies)

Dexter: 4 (warriors) 3 (spies)

Stai 4 (warriors) 1 (spies)
Charisma: 0 2 (spies) 0
Manipulation: 1 5 (spies) 5
Appearance: 0 0 0
Perception: 3 (warriors) 5 (spies)
Intelligence: 2 (warriors) 5 (spies)

Wits: 2 (warriors) 5 (spies)

mblance

4-15+ (C. malefica)
2-4+ (C. malefica)
5-12+ (C. malefica)
3 (C. malefica)

5 (C. malefica)

0

5 (C. malefica)

6 (C. malefica)

5 (C. malefica)

wwe

: Abilities

© Warriors: Alertness 2, Awareness 1, Brawl 5,
Dodge 5, Intimidation 4-5, Firearms 1-4, Leadership 2,
Meditation 2, Melee 4, Stealth 5+, Survival 4, Technology 2,
Computer 2, Cosmology 2, Ei

nigmas 1, Science 2

© Spies: Alertness 5, Awareness 3, Brawl 0-2, Dodge 3-5,
Intuition 3, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 3, Meditation 3, Melee 3,
Research 2, Stealth 6, Survival 2, Technology 3, Computer 2,
ulture 1, Enigmas 2, Investigation 4
¢ Behemoths: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 6,
, Meditation 4, Stealth 3,

Cosmology

Dodge 0-3, Intimidation survival 5,
Cosmology 2, Enigmas 2
 C. malefica possess a variety of skills, depending

on their professions and rol

none (but see below)

Sphere

Willpower: 6-10

Health Levels: 8 (warriors); 6 (spies); 16-26 (behe-
moths); 14-20 (C. malefica) Watchers suffer no penalty for
injury until their final two Heath Levels, at which point
they drop to -4. A Watcher's tentacle can withstand one

half of the creature's total Health Levels before being cut
through. This damage does not count against the Watcher's
total Health Levels, but renders that tentacles unusable.
Armor Rating: (see below)
Attacks/Powers: Tentacles (Strength, crushing); beak
(Strength + 2 dice damage, difficulty 8); other powers
include:

© Jet Propulsion: All of the subtypes have the
ability to move rapidly through any medium they perceive
as liquid or liquid-like (such as water or deep space). The
speed of movement averages about 40 mph in viscous
solutions like water, or hundreds of miles per hour in space.

* Chameleonic Coloring: The Watchers' skin
can change rapidly to match the color and texture of its
surroundings. Unless someone magickally negates the abil-
ity (Life or Forces magick can rework the skin color, or the

light waves which give it color), the Watchers add 3 extra
dice to their Stealth pool.
© Slow Regeneration: If limbs are severed or

one per day, while spies regenerate one per week, and the
behemoths could take months.

¢ Tenta
withoutdividing their Dice Pools. Alternatively,

Watchers may attack multiple foes
a Watcher

could focus all its attacks upon a single foe, either gaining

an extra die for each tentacle used (Dexterity + Brawl,

difficulty 8, 5 for vessels), or adding one more damage die
per tentacle. Once a creature is grappled, it is immobilized
(no Dodge roll versus the tentacles or beak) until it breaks
free (Strength roll, difficulty 6 + 1 for each additional
tentacle employed).

Some Watchers have several other genetically enhanced

abilities that can often be mixed and matched for maximum
variety. Few possess more than two such powers, but other
specimens might command other powers not listed here.

© Armor: The strengthened shell provides two
extra soak dice unless opponents specifically target vulner-
able areas (raise the difficulty by +1).

© Ink Cloud: The Watcher can emit a blinding
cloud of ink approximately equal in volume to the body of
the creature itself.

© Squeeze: Some Watchers have entirely soft
bodies and can cram themselves through holes less than a
tenth their thickness.

Barbs
Watchers have thou

Like the vampire squid of Earth, these

ands of barbs in place of the suction
cups normally occupying their tentacles. Add three dice to
the damage Dice Pool

© Magick-like Effects: One or more of the follow-
ing: Co-locate Self (Correspondence 4); Pierce Gauntlet
(Spirit 3); Disruption (either Entropy 3 — for destroying
structures and machines — or Entropy 4 — for destroying
flesh. Either attack has a Dice Pool of 7.

Chapter Six: Those Beyond 163


"4

I ZZ NS

NG Ail

Amore Muses (Dream Spirits)
Willpower 5, Rage 4, Gnosis 8, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Blighted Touch, Influ-
ence, Inspire (grants an additional 3 dice to the subject's

Expression die rolls for 24 hours after they meet. Costs three
Power); Reform, Shapeshift (some can supposedly Materi-
alize with Physical Traits of 2 or 3 for brief periods)

Image: See below

Everyone dreams of love and lust, and it's no secret
that many people draw their greatest inspirations from
such dreams. While most Maya scholars believe that the
Dream Realms offer a meeting place between mortals and
the gods, some lesser spirits bring their own magic to the
dreamer's table. Among these spirits are the Amore Muses.

An Amore Muse appears as an incarnation of the
dreamer's fantasy partner; this doesn't have be a lover —
parents, siblings, friends and even pets can manifest,
causing the dreamer some concern upon waking. Stereo-
types aside, lust isn't always a factor in this spirit's
involvement. The important thing is that the Muse
appears as someone who the dreamer loves so deeply that
he's inspired by her presence. This person doesn't even
have to exist in "real life," so long as the dreamer is
warmed by her presence. Like all Dream spirits, Muses
affect the whole tone of the "scene" in which they
appear. Subtle differences, like the dimming of light, or
major ones, like a sudden sensual thunderstorm, follow
the Amore Muse's appearance. Depending on the dream
(and on whether or not someone interferes in it), the
Amore Muse may stay until the dream fades, leave in

like a

anger or tears, or turn into something else
Night Terror...

Kid Fears (Dream Spirits)

Willpower 5, Rage 0, Gnosis 8, Power 10, + 10 for
every dot in Expression or Wits the target has. In the case
of multiple targets, assume 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Blighted Touch, Cor-
ruption, Materiali:
rumored to have Possession, Spirit Away, or both)

Materialized Attribute
damage obje

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 5, Expression 5, Intimida-
tion 5, Subterfuge 3, Stealth 4, Culture (children) 5

Shapeshift, Tracking (some are

Strength 3 (only to move or

s, never to injure), Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Materialized Health Levels: 3 for every point of the
target's Expression; assume 15 for multiple targets
Image: These nightmares get their name from their

appearance — dark silhouettes, murky faces at the win-
dow, distorted shadows with the liquid grace of a serpent.
In some cases, Kid Fears take on the form of a school bully,
an abusive parent, a wild clown or a fearsome stranger.
Despite the name, Kid Fears disturb adults, too. You never

grow out of terror.

164 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Almost counterparts to the Bitter-Sweet Epiphlings
(see below), the Kid Fears are primal and irrational. Kid
Fears are the other side of childhood lost — the darkness
in the closet and the tapping at the window which all of
us knew so intimately as children. These are the forgotten
phobias we outgrew. Kid Fears, unlike Bitter-Sweets, ac-
tually seek out contact with those foolish enough to enter
the Umbra; though they prefer the Dream Realms as their
homes, some actually manifest in the material world for
fun and... profit

Kid Fears bring back the terrors of our youth with
the precision of a surgeon. Every beating from an angry
parent, every leering stranger who wanted to do dirty

things while promising sweet rewards, every creaky
floorboard and scurrying spider from the past returns in
an instant. Unlike the Bitter-Sweets, Kid Fears like to
stay around for as long as they can. They regain Power
from a victim's screams and tears. Sometimes these
nightmares like to follow the dreamer home. In the
waking world, they take the form of some threatening
figure and chase the dreamer around for a minute or
two, then fade into the shadows... often to reappear
later that night, or the next.

As frightening as they appear, Kid Fears cannot inflict
real physical harm in any form. Perhaps this explains their
relentless hostility. Even so, they can destroy a psyche with
little effort. Kid F
victims. The defensive need to lash out often grows over-

ars bring out the very worst in their

whelming, and a violent mage is often a deadly enemy.
Nastier Kid Fears can supposedly enter a living host and
"drive him around" for a while. Worst of all are those who
can drag you back into their personal hells for a long, long
game of "I Scream, You Scream."

Night Terrors (Dream Spirits)

Willpower 5 to 8, Rage 5 + 1 per point of the victim's
Expression or Wits, Gnosis 8, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Blighted Touch, Flash of Horror
(drains one point of temporary Willpower from a mortal on
asuccessful Gnosis roll, difficulty 8. Costs five Power to use.
Limit three per dreamer per night), Influence, Shapeshift

Image: See below

High-octane nightmare spirits, the Night Terrors
come when a dreamer has summoned up some memory or
thought so crippling that it can literally kill. According to
sages of the Dreaming, Night Terrors emerge when some-
thing has disturbed a person so badly in waking life that
she's forced to confront it in her sleep. Mages who enter

the Maya on their own occasionally meet these spirits

face-to-face, especially when they're on a mission into
someone else's psyche. Mind Masters who specialize in
dream magick sometimes guard their own dreams with
Night Terrors that they control. Such "watchdogs" are

risky

but effective


Like most dream spirits, Night Terrors shift form con-
stantly; naturally, each one has an innate knowledge of its
target's fears and acts accordingly. Even so, their most
devastating attacks come as ambushes: the sleeper or ex-
plorer will be passing through some innocuous dreamscape
when the Night Terror springs forth and scares the crap out
her -

actually kill a dreamer in her sleep

sometimes literally. At worst, Night Terrors can

Unlike Kid Fears, Night Terrors can manifest as a
whole scene, usually out of nowhere. A dream about visit-
ing your favorite aunt can suddenly turn into a bound man
thrashing while a frenzied mob rips him apart. One image,
one Night Terror. When it strikes, the spirit uses either a
Flash of Horror Charm or a Rage roll; the former drains the
sleeper's Willpower, the latter can kill. Unlike Kid Fears,
these spirits don't stick around; they ambush their prey,

attack and disappear. Until next time...

Akai (Love Epiphlings)

Willpower 3, Rage 3, Gnosis 10, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Cleanse the Blight,
Influence, Shapeshift

Image: Love has many faces. A person who meets an
Akai sees whatever she truly loves. This doesn't have to be
sexual lust — carnality is a different thing entirely. The
spirit may take the form of a Divine being, a departed family
member, a beloved child, a soul-mate, or something more
esoteric, like a golden ray of light, a violet haze, a rainstorm
or even a mirror. Everyone loves something

Born in the first spark between loving eyes, in the

gaze of a new mother on her infant, in the first kiss of lovers
and the embrace of brothers, the Akai embody love in all its
forms — familial love, chaste friendship, sexual passion,
parental affection, even religious awe. Those of faith insist
that the Akai came forth when God first gazed upon Cre-
ation, or that the spirits sprang from the first touch of the
Goddess upon the land. Whatever their origins, Akai come

forth when mortals doubt the miracle of their own existence.

An Akai appears in a shimmer of light; while it
never appears to be entirely material (it isn't, afterall), the
spirit impresses everyone in the area with a vision of that
which they love most — not of a material pleasure, but
that person or thing which gives them hope. Those who
touch or are touched by the spirit experience a sudden
bliss which removes all doubts from their minds, at least
for a while. (In game terms, assume everyone gets two
temporary Willpower points, for nonviolent uses only.)
Akai rarely speak in any human language, but Spirit
Masters have discerned messages of peace and goodwill in
the spirits' whispered assurances.

Akai rarely come forth in numbers; when they
do, battles have been known to stop and disasters to
subside. During moments of impossible hopelessness or
tragedy, many people have been visited by a sudden

IDE

Chapter Six: Those Beyond


touch on the shoulder and a soon-forgotten image that

lS

let them know everything would be all right in the end
Umbral travelers who've encountered the Akai often
meet them at crossroads or during disputes that threaten
the group. Though they seem most comfortable in the
Vulgate, Akai can be found in any of the Near Worlds,
even the Shadowlands.

Bitter-Sweets (Nostalgia
Epiphlings)

Willpower 3, Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Power 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Shapeshift, Total Recall (for just
a moment, the spirit brings an incapacitating ecstasy from
the best moments of the "target's" childhood. For a turn or
more, he can't do anything but revel in the sensation; then
the feeling falls away, leaving a depression so profound it
often leads to tears. Costs three Power)

Image: These spirits have no visible form; they're best
described asa shimmer in the air and an almost overwhelm-
ing feeling of nostalgia and lo:
scent from some distant memory — Grandma's cookies,

. Most carry an ephemeral

your old teddy bear, your first girl's perfume, etc. — or a
fleeting sound or touch.

Every child has a special place in his heart for imagi-
nary friends and for the sense of wonder that comes with
being new to the world. Every adult must, of necessity,
murder that special innocence in order to grow up. Just as
ghosts of humans killed by violence linger, sometimes the
specters of our childhood continue on long past their time.

Bitter-Sweets are the remains of childhood. Although
passing through one can be devastating emotionally, they
mean noharm. More roving bits of memory than intelligent
beings in their own right, Bitter-Sweet spirits wash over
people in either the Umbra or the material world. Even
experienced shamans seem unable to speak to them, or to
counter their Charms.

Meeting a Bitter-Sweet is a mixed blessing; when the
entity first "appears," it drifts across you in a sudden, all-
encompassing memory-flash. Every childhood dream and
ambition is real again. Every imaginary friend is remem-
bered clearly and the happi
return again with the intensity of a first kiss. The scent of

tt moments from your youth

honeysuckle near the softball field returns, along with the

excitement of Christmas morning and the mysterious
packages beneath the tree.

And then it disappears. Not softly and slowly, as
when childhood died the first time, but like the violent
slash of a razor across your throat. In one moment, all

the-dreams of youth are remembered and then mur-
_ dered again. In their absence, depression crashes down
Lie mer. Some people fall into fits of weeping,
gt 4
1} others Brow melancholy for days afterward. Several
Nephandi, upon realizing what they've allowed them-
|
Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

selves to become, have even committed suicide after
contact with a Bitter-Sweet. This aftershock is not an
attack — it's the natural effect of remembering for just
a moment how good your life once was. Many philo-
sophical mages (once they stop crying) comment that
meeting a Bitter-Sweet can be an uplifting experience
for the same reason. That flash of remembrance lets you
recall the happiness that life offers; even though it
fades, the person who meets a Bitter-Sweet has the
chance some people never get — the chance to relive
the best moments of his life.

Loors (Color Epiphlings)
Willpower 4, Rage 3/6, Gnosis 6, Power 15-25

Charms: Airt Sense, Illuminate (lights an area roughly
50 feet around, or changes the color of the light in the same

area.

sts three Power.), Influence, Shapeshift
Image: Floating forms of raw color, Loors epitomize

those hues we see in spectrums of light. In their basic state,

these Epiphlings appear as solid blots hovering in the air.

Some seem substantial, like blobs of paint, while others
resemble hazes of airbrushed color. While Hermetic schol-
ars claim that one Loor exists for each shade of every color,

no one can be sure how many there really are.

Epiphlings claim they speak
an empathic language of tones and tints. As a Loor

Travelers who meet these

converses, it wavers and fuzzes, sending streamers or clouds
of itself to the recipient. These tendrils influence the
subject's mood (as the Charm), communicating the spirit's

feelings to her. The spirit's "partner" can reply through
Mind or Forces magick, or by manipulating her own
sentiments (Wits + Expression) or the local color spec-
trum. Loors do not understand spoken words, sounds or
abstract thoughts, only feelings and colors.

Most Loors seem peaceful, more curious than any-
thing else. Vivid spirits, like black, red, orange, violet
ot white, seem aggressive toward strangers (no one's

sure what they'd call "friends," but Loors do seem to

recognize certain individuals after meeting them once).
These latter Epiphlings have a higher Rage score than
more passive hues like blue, green or pink. Those who

study auras claim that the soul-colors descend from the

primal essence of these spirits; thus, an explorer who
recognizes the meaning of these hues can guess the
temperament of a Loor (see chart). Travelers who

encounter a Loor all feel the mood-essence of the

spirit's color long after it departs.

Although *
tions of light waves, no magick may alter the essence of

eal" colors may be changed by fluctua-

a Loor. They are eternally what they appear to be. Such
spirits often travel through the lowest reaches of the
Vulgate, but occasionally venture into the Middle World
or High reaches as well.


Loors
Mood-Essence Color
Passivity Light Green
Envy Deep Green
Comfort Light Blue
Love Deep Blue
Hate Black
Sadness Silver-Gray
Depression Gray
Joy White
Sympathy Pink
Rage Red
Lust Dark Red
Excitement Violet
Fear Orange
Serenity Yellow
Wisdom Gold

Nemesis (Guilt Epiphlings)
Willpower 10, Rage 5, Gnosis 10, Power 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Appear, Cleanse the Blight,
Influence, Know the Sin (allows the spirit to discern
ds
roll. The difficulty depends on the person; a really

what a target's worst misdeeds. Requires a Willpower

guilty or sinful person would be 3 to 5, while a virtual
saint would be a 9 or 10. Costs three Power),
Mindspeech, Shapeshift, Tracking

Image: The Nemesis appear as punishment in-
carnate, or as evidence of dirty deals. A lapsed
Christian might see the Face of God or a vengeful
angel; a corrupt politician might be haunted by vi-
sions of bribe money or angry constituents. To a
follower of Kali, the Nemesis would appear as an
angry representation of the Goddess, set on retribu-
tion. Whatever the actual shape may be, it's always
bathed in a white light of powerful intensity — a
light referred to as "Nemesis' Halo."

Everyone has things they'd like to forget; Nemesis
spirits embody those feelings of guilt, those dirty se-

crets, hidden fears or covert lusts that cry out for

punishment. The Nemesis is only too happy to oblige.

In the material world, a Nemesis Epiphling ap-
pears to the sinner alone, a proverbial "tell-tale heart"
that can drive her to confess or repent. In the Umbra,
such spirits float outside the Afterworlds, assuring
that visitors deserve to enter. In that state, the Nem-

esis appear as terribly beautiful women made of

IN

painfully bright light. From time to time, flashes of fire
burst out from their eyes and burn the sinners before
them. After all, "there are none righteous, no not
one." Those who fall before their Rage suffer painful
but impermanent damage; when a victim "dies," her
Health Levels return. If she has confessed her crimes
and repented by then, she regains any Willpower she
may have spent up to her normal rating. If not, she is
flung from the Umbra and back to the material world.
Those who admit their wrongdoings find that a Nem-
esis is kind and understanding, willing to discuss human
imperfections. Those who maintain their innocence

burn until they see the truth

As Christian as the concept of the Nemesis might
seem, their origins lie in the first comprehensions of
right and wrong. As soon as humans (or perhaps their
forebears) realized that some actions were "good" and
others "evil," they began to be disturbed by the con-
flict between the two. This conflict shuts many people
out from the sight of whatever they acknowledge as
heaven — only by admitting that they've done wrong
can sinners walk in peace. Nemesis spirits embody the
the

guilt that comes with wrongdoing. By invokir

spirits' fire, a mortal punishes herself. No one, they
say, meets a Nemesis without cause.

Shanti (Peace Epiphlings)

Willpower 5, Rage 0, Gnosis 8, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Influence

Image: See below

Rare as they may seem in the modern world, these
spirits of peace do exist. Explorers who've met them
speak of hei
pers whenev

ing winds, calm hearts and stilled tem-

these Epiphlings passed by. Obviously,

such spirits are drawn to people or places attuned to
their essence — places with quiet, restful and bal-
anced energies (Resonance). Some Shanti follow
people around, either as unseen companions or as
spirit-guides. While most peace spirits wander off
eventually, some pick a spot or patron and stay until
something happens to it.

Shanti wash across those who meet them like water. To
the Umbral eye, such spirits usually take the form of a
translucent wave, a rainbow-hued cloud or an archetypal
image like a dove ora tree. No matter what form it attains,
No force or

a Shanti blows freely in an ever-present breez
obstacle can hold it in place for very long. Sometimes,
especially in glen Domains, a Shanti or two will settle,
coloring the place with their presence. Most times, though,
the Epiphling moves on to another destination, or is driven
off by violence, envy ot fear.

Chapter Six: Those Beyond 167

NW

V/s

ID.

168

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Angelics/Celestials
(Major Ombrood)

Just as humanity invents demonic terrors from its fears
and hatreds, its better nature invents angelic hosts. Call
seraphim, totem spirits, an;

them dev: elic hosts, or a

hundred other names; either way, such entities embody

justice, righteousness and Divine will.
The usual authorities debate whether or not these celes-
tial beings predate humanity, and whether or not ourd

esires
shape their forms. While religious and spiritual mysticks

maintain that these higher powers carry the shape of the

Almighty, more secular studies prove that whatever their
angels usually resemble

original form may have been, thes
what a worshipper expects to see. There's no real reason why

both ideascan'tbe true. Afterall, they say that Divinity wears

a thousand faces. Why can't its servants do likewise?

Each faith has its angels, guardians, protectors and
avengers. Like the demons they oppose, these spirits embody

creation itself — they're like forces of nature, not people with

wings. Some Angelics may be stern and fierce, while others
tend the sick, nurture lost children or lead pilgrims off on
enigmatic (but always fruitful) quests. Those who believe in
the original Pure Ones insist that Angelics are Avatars

unencumbered by flesh; others call them the hand servants

of whatever Divinity exists. The most cynical mages claim
that Angelics are just another form of Umbrood. These folks
do not, we should note, make that claim to an angel's face!

That face may take a hundred different forms; tales speak of

winged humans, talking animals, naked and sexless spirits,
beings of light, or towering figures looming across the sky.
Although some Celestials appear as blazing balls of fire, most of

given

them take on a recognizable form and personality. Mage
to record-keeping maintain long lists of angelic hosts, their

provinces and their powers. If these records are to be believed,

thousands upon thousands of Celestials roam creation on end-
less errands. Maybe they're right. Ifso, the majority of Angelics
stay out of obvious sight. Unless an explorer actually visits the

Heavens, angels leave most humans to pursue their own desti-

nies. Unlike their demonic kin, Celestials seem to come and go
between worlds; neither Horizon nor Gauntlet hinders them.
When a Celestial does appear openly, she ripples creation itself

winds blow, birds sing, colors brighten and

with her presenc
lights flare brightly. The sheer ch
full glory is enough to knock most mortals to their knees. Talk

sma of an angelic being in

about getting religion!

The two characters below represent two Angelics who
occasionally deal with mysticks. The minor angels walk the
Earth in many forms and tend to mortal matters, while
greater Celestials roam the Otherworlds and rarely venture
to Earth excepton the most extreme occasions. All Angelics

have mortal and immortal forms, one to travel with, one to

impress with. Note that most shapechangers and theirallies
have their own angels — the totem spirits and Incarna
described in the various Werewolf books


Kalina (Minor Angel — Minion)
Willpower 10, Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Power 50
Charms: AirtSense, Appear, Armor, Blast Flame, Cleanse
the Blight, Create Fires, Influence, Create Wind, Lightning
Bolts, Materialize, Mind Speech, Reform, Shapeshift, Spirit
Away, Tracking; Kalina's damaging Charms usually inflict 8
dice, and her Armor often stands between 5 and 10

Dominion: Protection

Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Child

Essence: Primordial

Materialized Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 7
Stamina 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Awareness 7, Brawl 5,
Dodge 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 5, Etiquette 7, Leadership 3,

Melee 5, Technology 4, Cosmology 5, Culture 5, Enigmas 7,
Linguistics 7, Lore (all) 5, Occult 8

Materialized Health Levels: 15

A defender of children and a guardian of purity, Kalina
has a mischievous nature surprising in an Angelic. Although
talesaboutherfirstappear in the Shorot Sutranearly 1,000 years

ago, thisentity acts like a young woman witha lusty humor and
aconstant smile. In some guises, Kalina is pregnant and speaks
ina mother's lullaby; other times, she resembles a dancing girl
from some Tantrick bas relief. Unless something endangers
her charge, this angel likes to laugh, play games and sing. No
wonder children love her — Kalina is childlike eternally

This angel is slow to anger, but her fury is venomous. She
tries to joke and charm those who anger her first; if this doesn't
work, she'll take a firm but polite stance and block them from
whatever evil they might try. If anyone actually attacks the
angel, the Afterworlds will probably receive a new tenant soon
enough. Kalina laughs like a child, dances like a woman, and
kills like a typhoon.

Image: A young woman of Indian descent, Kalina dresses to
suit the occasion when in disguise but wears only elaborate Hindu
jewelry and a batik skirt in her immortal form. In one hand, she
bearsa lotus, in the other, adagger. Dependingon the needs of the
moment, she can use either one to comfort or to destroy.

When disguised as a mortal, this angel has two arms,

legs and eyes. When pressed, she

an shift into an immortal
guise with six arms, three eyes and an overpowering aura.
Sometimes she appears as a cow or a peacock (her favorite
animals) or a waterspout spinning across the ground.

Gabriel (Higher Celestial - Incarna)

Contain yourself! This is one who cannot be fought
— The Phantom Stranger, "Down Amongst the Dead
Men" (Swamp Thing Annual #2, by Alan Moore)
Dominion: Wrath
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Judge

Essence: Pattern

Image: A stern and forceful archangel, Gabriel embod-
ies the anger of God and His displease with sinners. Although

most art d

picts him as a white man with blond hair and
fiery blue eyes (a guise he sometimes affects), his immortal
s nearly a thousand fe

form towe st into the sky, with wings

that span the horizon and eyes dark as storm clouds. Hisskin
shimmers blue-black in the lightning which surrounds his
body, and the skies deepen into twilight. Gabriel's voice is

a thousand thunderclaps, and anyone who even thinks of

questioning him (let alone fighting him) is immediately

silenced by his grandeur. If this is only a servant of God, w!
must God Him/Her/Itself be like...?

Lunes (Minor Ombrood)

Willpower 8, Rage 4 (8 during the full moon), Gnosis 7,
Power 35

Charms: Airt Sense, Open Moon Bridge (creates a
Moon Bridge to wherever the Lune desires. Costs five
Power), Reform

See below

Image:

The handmaidens of the Moon Herself, these bright
spirits confound the Technomancersat Darkside Moonbase
and guide (or mislead) travelers in the Middle Umbra.
Although they tend to be peaceful — ifsomewhat erratic —
most of the time, these spirits become hostile and outright
dangerous during the full moon.

Lunes appear as shimmering ribbons of gold-blue light
which pulsate and twist into enigmatic shapes. Those who
can read them (Perception + Enigmas, difficulty 6 to 9)
Time 2
Precognition Effect). Like will-o-wisps, Lunes dart along
the Airts and Moon Paths, hover over the Pattern Web, or

recognize prophecies of the near future (like

dance across the Moon itself. Those who've tried to com-
municate through Mind magick find nothing to speak of,
but the spirits' actions betray some abstract intelligence.

"Talking" toa Lune is possible (though trying) to those who
know the language of spirits.

Trinity Spirits (Minor
Ombrood)

Atthe far ends of the Metaphysic Trinity, spirits form
to represent the extremes. In the case of Entropy, those
spirits often become the demons, Spectres and Banes that
encourage all forms of corruption (see The Book of
Madness, Wraith and many Werewolf books). At an-

other end of the triangle, Stasis breeds both Pattern

Umbrood who build the interlacing grid holding the
Tellurian together, and the Paradox spirits all mages fear.
Garou call this aspect the Weaver, and distrust its brood.
Extreme Dynamism leads to Chaos manifestations, which
some call Wyld spirits. These unpredictable Umbrood
whirl in living clouds of possibility, changing their natures
to suit their whims.

Those Beyond 169

Chapter Six:

IL SX

The Shenti (see Chapter Five) are aswarm with these so-
called "trinity spirits," although the Umbrood can be found
almost anywhere in the Tellurian. Realms strong with a
particular essence are more likely to hosta given type of spirit,
but even the methodical Pattern Spiders tend to venture into
other worlds. Travelers who try to communicate with trinity
spirits find they tend to be rather single-minded and often
barely intelligent. In the Umbrood hierarchy, they're Min-
ions or Gafflings. Even so, those who understand the spirit
u

ays (Spirit Lore or Enigmas 3 or better) can gain insights
from the limited thought-patterns such Umbrood possess.
Pattern spirits weave and repair the Pattern Web which
links the Otherworlds. Travelers familiar with Garou feel
these Umbrood do their job too well. Realms constructed by
the Technocracy swarm with Pattern spirits, like the Pattern
Spiders found in Mage (page 283). Ironically, the Techno-
crats who recognize the spirits' existence at all consider the
Umbrood to be technomagickal machines of their own

design. In a way, they are. Another form of Pattern spirits,

pecially com-
mon in the Digital Web, these Umbrood carry messages,

often called Geomids, embody information.

plans or attack programs. The Garou say they provide a

"message servi
Chaos
them maintain a stable body for any length of time. Instead,

ce" to the more active Pattern Spiders.

rits embody change in all its forms. Few of

they waver and billow, shifting colors and textures as they
transform everything around them into chaos, too
Shapeshifter shamans insist that the Wyld is blissfully un-
aware, that it has no sentience to speak of, and thus remains
sane while the other two have gone out of control. Many
mages, fascinated by the idea of unformed potential, wish to
guide this intuitive force to greater awareness. Perhaps with
Dynamism truly awake, creation could be saved from its
downward spiral. Other mysticks point to the theory's living
the Maraude!

example s. The Mad Ones seem to be proof

of the concept of self-aware Dynamism — and the greatest
argument for why it shouldn't be pursued any further

Pattern Spirits - Geomids
* Informational
Willpower 5, Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Power 20-100
Charms: Airt Sense, Reform, Informational Link
(allows access to all the knowledge in the local Pattern
Web. A Gnosis roll, difficulty 9, lets them answer any
question they desire. Costs 10 Power.), Solidify Reality
© Attack
Willpower 9, Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Power 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Reform, Group
Fusion (a group of three or more Attack Geomids may
surround a target and fuse together around her. Each one
drains one dot ina Phy:

ical Attribute from the target every
turn, and they hold her with a strength equal to the spirit's
Willpower. Once the target has lost all her Physical At-
tributes, she is calcified. Costs one Power/turn.)

170 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

© Structural
Willpower 8, Rage 5, Gnosis 10 Power 30-150
Charms: Airt Sense, Reform, Solidify Reality
These Pattern spirits take one of three forms: Informa-
tional, Attack and Structural. The first incarnate bits of
information, which may be accessed by someone with the right
skills; the second defend other types or attack intruders who try

to destroy their territory; Structural Geomids provide stability

and information for the other Web-builders. All three variet-

ies resemble large geometric shapes in an array of colors.

Chaos Spirits

* Color Strings

Willpower 10, Rage 1, Gnosis 9, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Intangibility (allows the spirit

to shift intoa Zone, remaining visible but untouchable, even
to those in the Umbra. Costs seven Power), Reform

Playful and mischievous spirits, Color Strings resemble
thin threadsofever-changing hue. Thesesmall chaos Umbrood
enjoy companionship; more to the point, they enjoy people
they can play pranks on. Alighting on clothing, gear or

exposed skin, Strings pulsate with rainbow colors or hover in

theairrightin front ofa "visitor's" face. Capricious guides, they

often lead a traveler to some valuable revelation... or into a
trap. Although the Strings tend to be solitary, some congregate
into groups, weaving themselves into brilliant and beautiful
patterns before dissolving into tangled masses.

* Vortices

10, Power 80
Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality (by disrupting
the reality of a substance, the spirit can turn it into some-

Willpower 8, Rage 8, Gnosis

thing it was not, or change its shape to suit the spirit's

purposes better. The more successful the spirit's Gnosis roll,
the greater the alteration. Making a door in a wall would
demand two successes; turning the wall into Swiss cheese
would take five or more. Costs two to 10 Power, depending
on the change), Disorient, Materialize, Reform, Shapeshift

Materialized Attributes: Strength 8 (inflicts aggra-
vated damage), Dexterity 8, Stamina 8

Abilities: Alertness 3, Awareness 7, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
:xpression 3, Intimidation 5, Cosmology 5, Enigmas 7

Materialized Health Levels: 10

At the opposite end of the Wyld spectrum, the mega-

destructive Vortex whirls through an area undoing all it
touches. A virtual tornado of energy and matter in one, this
Umbrood occasionally passes into the material world as
well, ripping apart the landscape and draining magickal
energies from Nodes. Powerful Marauders often summon
them for battles on both sides of the Horizon. More often,
about the Deep Umbra, or at the
which they resemble. Travelers'

however, Vortices hover

fringes of Anchorhead:

tales recount the grisly fates of those who mistook a Vortex
for a breach in the Horizon.


© Wonderwhats

(Beauty/beast forms) Willpower 8/4, Rage 3/8,
Gnosis 8/8, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Shapeshift, Tracking (Beauty
form: Create Wind, Influence, Heal (cures 1 Health Level
per 2 Power spent), Mindspeech. Beast form: Armor (6
points), Blighted Touch)

These chaos spirits are drawn to mages much like
moths to flame. When they appear, experienced Umbral
travelers run. There's no telling what will happen when the
Wonderwhat attains its full form

A Wonderwhat first appears as a sphere of light, much
that these
spirits are will-o-wisps, though no one is certain. After

like a will-o-wisp. Some people even hypothe

locating a "patron," the Wonderwhat immediately takes one
of two forms: the form of the beauty or the form of the beast.

The beauty appears either as a magnificent butterfly of

enormous size and impossible colors, or as an androgynous
being with wings of fire. Both are harmless and will follow
an explorer for hours before growing bored and leaving.
Some few can actually speak, and these often aid the
traveler by offering directions or even leading the way past
dangerous areas.

The beast form of the Wonderwhat is an ephemeral
nightmare, a gangrenous mass of rotting meat and internal
organs with a vile temper. Teeth and fangs sprout from
within its shapeless body, and long, deformed limbs grow
from its depths, reaching out with barbed claws and spidery

fingers. The only good news is that beast manifestations

seem less common than the beauty

Typhon, Jaggling of laldabaoth
(Realm Dweller — Midrealm)
Willpower 8, Rage 10, Gnosis 5, Power 50
Charms:
faction is purely psychological and drains Willpower. Costs
Tracking, V
10 dice damage in an area 2 yards x 10 yards. Once hit, the

Armor, Fear (treat as Calcify, but the petri-

three Power), Materialize

nom Spray (inflicts

target suffers damage over time, at 2 dice per turn. If the first
2 dice can be soaked, no damage occurs. Dexterity + Brawl
to attack. Costs 20 Power.)
Dominion: Ruin
Nature: Critic
Demeanor: Bravo
Essence: Primordial
Attributes
Abi
Dodge 2, Intimidate 5, Subterfuge 5, Stealth 1, Survival 5
Sphere:
Arete: 6
Willpower: 4

trength 8, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6

ies:

Alertness 4, Athletics 1, Awareness 3, Brawl 3,

Entropy 5

IRD

Health Levels: OK (x3), 1 (x4), -3 (x4), Incapacitated
Attacks/Powers: Bite (9 dice, difficulty 8); claw (8
dice, difficulty 8)
Description: An aspect of laldabaoth, Typhon has
existed foras lon|

anyone, mage or Umbrood, can recall.

This manifestation can be destroyed, but another will form
within days.
Typhon is a giant twisting serpent with centipede legs

and a head at both ends. Its thorny scales are as black

despair. Only the beast's milky eyes are clearly visible.

SCN

However, most hear Typhon — a sound like the buzzing of
a million flies, and the hiss of dripping venom — long
before seeing it. Those who sense the Great Creeper's
approach freeze in terror.

This beast has but three duties, which it performs more
out of natural inclination than out of a sense of duty: By
n the Alder Bole's roots, it hopes to free the Void

gnawit
trapped beneath. It guards the twisting root-tunnels leading
to the Low Umbra because it considers this a lair. Finally,
Typhon occasionally leaves the darkness to patrol Midrealm,
and has a particular hatred for those who would attain the

Fruits of Eternity.

Protean Hawk (Realm Dweller ~
Midrealm)

Willpower 8, Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Power 35

Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Disorient (Lets the
spirit confuse travelers by altering landmarks and directions
with a successful Gnosis roll. Costs two Power.), Material-
ize, Reform, Tracking, Updraft (lifts man-sized creatures
into the air. Costs three Power.)

Dominion: Creation
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Guardian

+ Primordial

Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5
Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Awareness 5, Brawl 2,
Dodge 4, Investigation 3, Stealth 3, Survival 4, Cosmology 3,
Culture 5, Occult 5
Spheres: Prime 5
Arete: 6
Willpower: 8
Quintessence: 20
Health Levels: OK, -1,
Attacks: Bite (6 dice, difficulty 6), claw (5 dice, difficulty 8)
Description: The Protean hawk is a manifestation of

-5, Incapacitated

Dynamic essence. It resides in the uppermost branches of
the Alder Bole, patrolling the branch-ways toward the
High Umbra. The Protean Hawk can be driven off or
even killed, but will eventually return (or another will
take its place).

Chapter Six: Those Beyond 171


NO Ail

WZ

Ttheitshimy, moist skin seems pulled tight over bare bones
"This appearance is deceptive; though not strong individu-

"ally, a tribe of bollixes (four or five) can overpower a
grown man.

Due to prolonged contact with the Alder Bole's Pat-
tern, the Protean Hawk has a more stable form than most
Wyld spirits. Its voice recalls an eccentric elder speaking in
a traveler's native language — sometimes male, others

female. It resembles a large, though otherwise mundane,
bird of prey, though the bird's silhouette and coloration
match no known genus.

The Protean Hawk is fickle and unfathomable. It may
swoop to the attack without cause or treat a stranger like an
old friend and detain her indefinitely in trivial conversa-
tion. The toll to pass the into the High Umbra is based upon
the Hawk's whim: it could be 1 to 10 points of Quintes-
sence, a Talisman, a promise of one's first child, a kiss,
currency (from rupees to cowry shells), an entertaining tale,
nothing, a mundane object (somehow transformed into
ephemera), or whatever. The scary thing is, should the
cabal go find the required object and return with it, the toll
may have changed!

Bollix (Realm Dwellers~ S.R.
Life)

Monkey see, monkey do

Voted the most annoying creatures in Etherspace five
years running, the bollixes seem to have been created to vex
technological voyagers to Venus' Penumbra.

Many are the Scientists who have awakened to find
their camp overrun by a tribe of the vicious little tinkerers
Gifted with little intelligence but a great deal of mechani-
cal instinct, the bollixes love shiny objects that do things
Camp stoves, sensor scopes, jet packs or ray guns — any-

thing the bollixes can get their hands on, they will steal,

make work or break as fast as they can.
Verbena and Dreamspeakers who live and work in the
rds run

Venusian jungles merely smile when the little
through their camps — the only shiny equipment they
usually keep are athames, beads and mirrors, none of which
can keep the little buggers interested long enough to be
stolen. Most of these mages even call them cute.

The average bollix stands about two feet high, and looks

like a combination of a newt, a lizard and a kangaroo. The
Jong tail (roughly half the length of the bollix concerned) is
prehensile. It's used for balance when the creature walks or
hops on its powerful, three-toed hind legs, but a bollix can
also hang from branches or swing branch to branch with its
tail. A bollix's arms are smaller, but strong and well-adapted
to boreal locomotion. The front toes (four toa foot) are more
like fingers, but we can all thank the One that the bollix
never developed a true opposable thumb.

Eyen-healthy bollixes look emaciated to human eyes;

Bollixes travel in social groups called tribes. Tribes range
in size from three to 50, and stake out large areas of territory
(in the jungles, not the marshes) which they mark with cairns
of shiny stones, bits of metal and white fungi or flowers. Lone
bollixes are rare, but apparently less belligerent than the
groups — Enain Thorngrove of the Circle of Seven suppos-
edly tamed one and kept it as a familiar. Bollixes will not
attack unless travelers disturb them or their territorial mark-
ings, or unless travelers have something the bollixes want.
Because most explorers on Venus today come "prepared"
with tropical camping gear or increasingly techno tools for
their magicks, bollix attacks are on the rise.

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2, Perception 2,
Intelligence 1, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2,
Intuition 1, Drive 0 (1 ifthe cr ‘an watch the vehicle
operated first), Firearms 0 (1 if the creature has "met" a gun
before), Melee 1, Stealth 3, Survival 4 (Venus' jungles),
Technology 2 (apparently pure instinct), Medicine 1

Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK,

Attacks: Bollixes without technological exposure use

-2, -4, Incapacitated

their weaker front legs to hold on to a foe while their clawed
back legs rip into it (claw, 3 dice). With a little more know-
how, the tool-using critters grab big sticks and try to swing at

theenemy while hangingupside-down from vinesand branches.

It doesn't always work, but they enjoy it. (difficulty 7, 4 dice.)
Most bollixes take to knives, swords and guns immediately if
they ever get the chance, but it takes them a few turns to sort

things out. Until the bollix rolls a success, it cannot use the

weapon at all. If the bollix botches any roll using a weapon, it
wounds or kills itself or the bollix next to it.
: The bollis

logical instincts and an amazing memory for actions

Powers 's only power is its innate techno-

performed in sequence. Push a button in front of a bollix,
and the bollix will remember what you did, what happened
next, and what you did before and afterward.

Dinosaurs (Realm
Dwellers — Hidden Earth)

On some Realms, the creatures from Earth's past re-
main alive and well. The following statistics cover a variety
of creatures; an exhaustive list would take up a whole
chapter or two.

As a general note, dinosaurs are generally considered
creatures of instinct. Naturally, you the Storyteller can play
a dinosaur as you see fit. After all, there's no reason why a
Horizon Realm tyrannosaurus can't have evolved better
reasoning abilities than its ancient counterparts had. Imag-
ine a 50-foot-long version of the velociraptors in Jurassic
Park. Scary? It should be....


Carnosaurs (Meat-Eating
Dinosaurs)

The ultimate "killing machines" of prehistoric times,
carnosaurs range from 10' long to more than 50' from nose to
tail. Towering into the air, these gigantic meat-eaters exhibit
certain common characteristics:

arge heads — equipped
with rending jaws — set upon massive necks, sturdy hind-
al forelimbs and tanklike bodies. The most
easily identifiable members of this group of dinosaurs include

quarters, vest

the allosaurus and tyrannosaurus rex. Smaller examples
include deinonychus and the infamous velociraptor.
The allosaurus, or "strange" reptile, possesses a squat,

powerful hind legs, a short back and massive
shoulders. A distinctive, bony ridge above the eyes marks
its rounded head. A long, thick tail helps balance the
creature's top-heavy build. Its jaws contain sharp, serrated
teeth ideal for stabbing and cutting. Both its powerful
hind limbs and stubby forelegs possess large claws. The
creature's huge, cumbersome mass keeps it from engaging
in long-distance, high-speed pursuit, so the allosaurus
feeds on the larger herbivorous dinosaurs, hunting them
in groups and pulling down weaker individuals. Allosaurus
also scavenges the kills of other, faster carnivores.

Tyrannosaurus rex, the "tyrant" of dinosaurs, is easily
the biggest and most notorious of the carnivores. More

than 40' long, this monstrous predator weighs up to seven
tons, Multiple layers of muscles power the creature's
enormous legs, allow for freedom of movement along its
hindquarters and give surprising mobility to its massive,
blunt head. Its broad hind feet end in sharp talons,
A heavy,

elongated tail provides a counterbalance for its body. Its

allowing it to grip the ground as it mov

tiny forearms seem almost an afterthought

combines short
bursts of speed with canny stalking tactics. As an active

The hunting style of tyrannosaurus re:

hunter, this creature frequently waits to ambush its prey. Its
long stride enables it to outdistance smaller, "quicker"
creatures. The sheer impact of tyrannosaurus' jaws, backed
up by seven tons of bodyweight, generally ensures a short,
bloody confrontation between predator and victim. In a
pinch, tyrannosaurus tex also subsists on scavenged food.

The smaller "raptor" predators measure roughly eight
to 12 feet in length. They kill mainly with powerful hind
legs equipped with huge disemboweling talons, but also
use their sharp, ripping teeth. Stiff balancing tails com-
pensate for a hunched-over running stance, while raptors'
forelegs function better than the larger beasts' withered
limbs. These dinosaurs prefer pack tactics and ambush

over face-to-face battles; one tends to draw the prey':
attention while the others rush in from the sides or ch:

it to exhaustion. Once in close, these smaller carnosaurs
slash with their scimitar claws, ripping the opponent
open, then feast on its entrails.

Herbosaurs (Plant-E
Dinosaurs)

The chief danger
vores is

ating

associated with these gigantic herbi-
being trampled by them, or getting be

etween them
and whatever might be

Pursuing them. This group includes

atosaurus, which exemplify the popu
lar image of the dinos:

tails, and four equal-length legs. Ap
30 tons and feeds on low-lying v
weighs 10

174

the diplodocus and ap:

aur. They possess long necks, longer

atosaurus weighs about
egetation. Diplodocus only
to 11 tons, but is longer, at 88 feet, than the

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worl

lds

Attributes: Strength 3 to 10, Dexterity 3 to 5, Stamina
to 10, Charisma 1, Manipulation 3 to 6, Appearance 1,
Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 2
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 1 to 3, Brawl 3, Stealth 1
to 3, Survival 4, Tracking 3
Spheres: none
Willpower: 8
Health Levels: small: OK x 2 -1 x3, -2, -4, Incap.; middle:
OK x 3, -1 x 3, -2.x 3, -4, Incap.; large: OK x 5, -1 x 4,-2x4,
-4x 2, Incap.
Armor Rating: 1/3/5
Attacks/Po Bite (Strength + 2, difficulty 7. If the
victim fails to soak at least halfthe damage, he haseitherbeen
bitten in half or swallowed whole); claw (Strength + 3,
difficulty 7); tail (Strength + 1, difficulty 5)

3 apatosaurus. Another notable herbivore is
the most massive dinos;

extremely long neck g

brachiosaurus,
aur known at 74 feet and 77 tons, Its
allows it to feed, like giraffes, from high

trees when the animal lifts itself up on its hind legs

Some herbivores offer more of a threat. Tricers
horned dinosaur that reaches a length of 30 feet and a
weight of 5 1/4 tons, possesses three sharp yard-long horne
on its face, one horn on the snout and one
A bony frill protects its neck Stegos;
of the spike-tailed dinosaurs.
spines extending the
flat teeth characteris

ACOs, a

above each eye.
aurus, the best known
, displays a double row of tail

length of the backbone. All have the

tic of the herbosaurs. Such teeth
used for pulling and grinding

into meat.

are
plants, rather than for biting

Attributes: Strength

8 to 15, Dexterity 2 to 4, Stamina

15 to 20, Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Apy

Perception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 1 to 3
Abilities: Alertness 1 to 3, Brawl 1 to 3, Survival 4

Spheres: none

ance 1,

Willpower: 8
Health Levels: (oh, geeze — just assume 15 for armored
herbivores and 20 to 30 for the larger ones. Do you really want

tokeep track of Health Level penalties forsomething this big?)
Armor Rating: 4

Attacks/Powers: Stomp
(Strength + 3, difficulty 8 ve

(Strength + 3, Difficulty 8); Homs
Tus man-sized targets, 5 otherwise.)

Pterosaurs and Plesiosaurs

Pterosaurs are winged reptiles, contemporaries of the
dinosaurs. Like birds, they have light structures and air
passages throughout their bodies. Though they're generally
much weaker than the dinosaurs, pterosaur wingspans can
reach 50 feet. Their teeth are set into long snouts, enabling
them to skim fish as they fly over the surface of the water or
tocrack and eat eggs. Further, their taloned feet can pick up
man-sized or smaller creatures. Pterosaurs drop victims
seized in this fashion from a height of several hundred feet,
serves both to tenderize their meal and to

e its more delectable parts for the creatures to devour
isure. Rumors abound of aerial battles between tribes of

pterosaur-mounted warriors.

Plesiosaurs are marine mammals, often mistaken for
dinosaurs. Possessed of long necks, compact broad bodies,
flipper like paddle arms and short tails, they also have sharp
teeth and large mouths.

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Cha-
risma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1, Perception 4,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Survival 4,
Tracking 2

Spheres: none

Willpower: 8

Health Levels: OK x 3, -1 x 3, -2 x 2, -4, Incap. (if a
pterosaur takes enough damage to bring it to -2, it can no
longer fly and must land.)

Armor Rating: 2

Attacks/Powers:
dice damage from
flippers); dropping people from great altitudes (see Mage,
page 265.)

Interface (Realm Dweller -
Autocthonia)

Each of Autochthonia's 10 reception rooms is minded
by an Interface — a once-human Technomancer who has
melded with the Realm. They are responsible for screening
visitors who step from the Digital Imaging Chambers, pro-
viding directions, interfacing with the Realm's computer

Bite (7 dice), claws (6 dice); buffet (3

either pterosaur wings or plesiosaur

system (even some Iterators are more comfortable addressing
a living person than a computer), and distributing power.

Each Interface resembles an attractive human face
emerging from the wall amid wires and pipe. Minuscule
circuitry and tooling decorate their skin like hitech tat-
toos. An Interface is stationary and has no limbs or
locomotion. They can access the Net via astral immer-
sion, however; there, their icons look completely normal.
Normally courteous to visitors, they become cold and
ruthless when confronted by intruders or inefficiency.
Those who break rules in front of an Interface are termi-
nated with extreme prejudice.

Attributes: Strength N/A, DexterityN/A, StaminaN/A,
Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4, Perception 5,
Intelligence 6, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Expression 2,
Instruction 1, Sense Deception 4, Etiquette 4, Research 5,
Technology 3, Area Lore 5 (Autocthonia), Computer 3,
Culture 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics 10

Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy 1, Forces 4, Life 1,
Matter 1, Mind 3, Prime 3, Time 1

Willpower: 5

Intimidation 3,

Arete: 5

Quintessence: effectively unlimite

Paradox: 16 (permanent; cost of being merged with a
computer)

Armor Rating: 5

Health Levels: OK x

Attacks/Powers: Magick, astral projection (to the
Web only)

Pulse Onits I (one) to lOl0 0)
(Realm Dweller — Autocthonia)

An as-yet untested experiment, Project Pulse is in-

5, Incap

tended to create the next generation for Iteration X —
Technomancers raised entirely within the Net. Before their
birth, 10 gifted infants were abducted from Earth or ac-
quired from the Progenitors, integrated with artificial
life-support systems, and cyber-linked to the Computer.
Taught by computer simulation, the infant Pulse units are
already a match for many adult Virtual Adepts. When
mature, they will form the nucleus of a new Net Corps

which will finally secure the entire Digital Web.

Pulse unitsare the latest in cybertech: their CPU provides
raw processing power and automated responses, while their
biological components confer instincts, arapid leamingcurve,
and an Avatar. Despite appearances, these are not infants, but
rather databases that require information. Not surprisingly,
nature-mages would regard Pulse units as abominations. It
ould ever be saved if rescued.

e seen whether one

remains tok

In the Net, the Pulse units rarely bother with icons.
Their presence can only be sensed by the invisible elec-
This has no effect on

tronic impulses of their pattern code
combat, but can prove unnerving to Earth-born mages, who
remain effectively blind to them. In Autocthonia, their
physical forms resemble discolored babies suspended in
tanks of nutrient solution and cyber-linked to a computer
system. As they mature, the redundant flesh and bones are
stripped away until only the growing brain remains

Though essentially children, the

(Note on statistics
Pulse units have access to computer databases that supply
the rudiments of many Skills and Knowledge; this explains
such seeming contradictions as an infant with Melee 1. The
s below represents the projected values of

stats in parenthes
a Pulse unit upon reaching maturity.)

Chapter Six: Those Beyond


Attributes: Strength N/A, Dexterity N/A, Stamina N/
A, Charisma 2, Manipulation 1 (5), Appearance N/A,
Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 1 (2), Dodge 2 (3), Intimida-
tion 1 (3), Firearms 1 (2), Melee 1 (2), Research 3, Stealth 3,
Technology 1 (2), Area Lore 2 (5) (Digital Web), Computer 3 (6),
Investigation 1 (3), Law 1 (3) (Technocratic), Mathematics 3

Backgrounds: Arcane 5, Destiny 3, Mentor 5

Spheres: Correspondence | (3), Forces 1 (3),
Mind 1 (4), Prime 1 (3)

Willpower: 5

Arete: | (4)
ence: 20
0

Attacks/Powers: Magick, astral projection (Web
only)

Etherships

Give me one tall ship to sail

A star to guide her by

Let me orbit unknown worlds

A thousand miles high

— Emma Bull, "One Tall Ship"

Technomancers — and that includes
Ethernauts — who ply the spaceways know
that only one thing stands between you and
the Void: a good solid Umbraship. Under
optimum conditions, these vessels travel at unimaginable
speeds and provide safe and (somewhat) comfortable lodg-
ings for their crews. Even so, life on an Umbraship can be
cramped, monotonous and sterile.

The Sons of Ether deal better with such problems
than the practical-minded Void Engineers do; the Sons'
ships resemble Victorian drawing rooms in space, with
ample supplies of choice tobacco, comfy chairs, good
books and magnificent gadgets to while away the time.
Life-support machines are elegant and comprehensive.
Ship designs range from pulp sci-fi rockets to archaic star-
riggers. Whatever works.

The Engineers let their hair down considerably when
away from the other Conventions (see "The Big Joke" in
Technocracy: Void Engineers), but still remain bound to
their own laws of mas:

and energy. With the logistics of
Technocratic physics, there's not much room left for luxury.
And, as any good Technocrat knows, a good scientist isn't
supposed to need s
Enginee!

The alien craft of the Fallen and the Mad have no
need for such rubbish; many of these Umbraships are

ich comforts. Is it any wonder the
s enjoy pulling the wool over their comrades' eyes?

alive in their own right, and maintain their "crews" as a
large animal hosts its parasites. Although their living
quarters are as decadent as their crews can make them,
the Nephandi prefer twisted constructions of black metal

and tattered gauze; their warped vessels combine the

slick refinement of polished bone with the agonies of
pulsating flesh — occasionally their own. Travelers
who've met the Fallen Ones in space insist that they feed
their Umbraships with their own blood and fluids, or

channel their very souls to power its weapons. Such craft

176 _ Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

sometimes take more than their due — they've been
halfway through an
engagement. Prisoners taken aboard Nephandi ships live

know to eat their own "masters"

long and sickening lives.

Marauders may not be more humane, but they do seem
more refined. Their ships often hold a group delusion
together by conforming to each crewman's hallucinations
and providing common ground. Thus, a Marauder vessel
might seem pieced together from bits of shipwreck, space-
craft, mansion and WWII fighter plane. Some theorists
believe that the Bermuda Triangle and Sargasso Sea supply
"spare parts" to shipbuilding Marauders. Living quarters
aboard the Mad Ones' ships
squalid as individual Marauders prefer. Many craft boast
artwork that unhinges the sanity of those who see it from a

can be

s well-appointed or as

distance — demented Jolly Rogers from hell.

These vessels are presented for maximum story poten-
tial and easy use. Some of the more refined ship equipment
can be found in Technocracy: Void Engineers; most,
however, is self-explanatory.

Ship Combat

Umbraship combat is best left to narrative storytelling;
nothing gets in the way of a good space fight like a lot of
chart-checking. The "rules" below aren't meant to be
tactical simulations, but quick-and-dirty resolutions for
tense situations. Feel free to complicate or ignore them as
befits your own game.

* Basic Rolls: When rolls are necessary, like during a
dogfight or pursuit, the Storyteller should have the helms-
men of both craft make resisted Wits + Piloting rolls (see
the "Combat Maneuvers" Chart for difficulties). Whoever
scores the most successes wins that turn. If both sides were
trying to do damage, and both succeed, both ships are hit.
1 simplicity, don't split Dice Pools.

¢ Multiple Gunners: If an additional person controls
the ship's guns, that character can make an additional
Dexterity + Heavy Weapons or Wits + Pilot roll on the
chart. Figure damage normally. For ships with a lot of guns,
simply make one roll and add two more damage dice for

each additional gunner firing at the target.


© Hull Strength: Ship hulls can take a number of
"Health Levels" in damage before ripping open, and auto-
matically soak a certain amount of the attacker's successes
before damage is applied. Many ships have been treated with
some sort of countermagickal procedures. Reduce any Effect
thrown against them by the number of successes given.

© Hull Damage: A ruptured hull leads to all kinds of
problems — explosive decompression often sucks debris

and crewmen out the hole, and drains air from the dama
chamber. Attacks like tentacles, gunfire or magick can
bypass the ship's armor and tear up the inside of the ship if
they target the hole (+ 2 difficulty). Even Ether breathers
suffer these hazards — imagine a hole in a ship at sea.
Although player characters should be able to avoid the

worst effects of a hull breach, the damage should add an

element of urgency to a Deep Umbral fight.

Ship Combat Maneuvers

Attempt Difficulty — Notes

Distant evasion 6 Leaves fight

Close evasion 8 Escapes pursuer

Pull "up' 9 Change course suddenly

Closing in 7 Gets you in tight

Ram 5 Crash!

Rend 6 Rip hull open

Unlock 8 Pull away from boarding

Strafe 8 Rake target with fire while
passing

Blast 6 Shoot target

Dodge fire 8 Avoid being hit

Target breach (+2 difficulty)

Long-range target (+2 difficulty)

SES Nautilus and SES Argo
(Ethernaut Cruisers)

Size: 30 yards, tip to tail-fin; 10-yard wing-span

Crew: Six (pilot, co-pilot, communications/sensors/
navigation officer, engineer, two rear gunners); plus a 10-
man boarding party (or 10 passengers)

Armament: Two reat-mounted .50 caliber machine
guns (8 dice damage, capable of seven full-auto bursts
before requiring reload); two forward torpedo bays,

ach holding four Thunderbolt Torpedoes (16 dice
damage). Both weapons are perfectly capable of dam-
aging spirit targets.

Hull: Takes 10 Health Levels before rupture; sub-
tracts five successes from most attacks, and three from

magickal ones.
Special Equipment: These Umbraships are equipped
with an Ephemeral-material Converter, allowing them to pass

through the Barriers (the Gauntlet and the Horizon). From

eight dice, the engineer must generate 15 successes (difficulty
8). Thisis considered vulgar magick. The Converter is capable
of absorbing 24 points of Paradox before shutting down or

exploding. Such propulsion isn't necessary past the Horizon.

On the underside of each cruiser is a docking clamp.
This can be used to secure the ship against an asteroid, or to
board hostile vessels (see "Ram"). Once the clamp issecure,
acutting torch can be enabled, which does 12 dice damage.
ES Nautilus and SES Argo are
— two "sparrow" wings and a

Image: The sister-ships S
shaped like barbed arrowhe
tail fin flaring out from a conical hull. One large engine fires

from the rear. Each side ha:

ixround portholes, ringed in brass.

The forward canopy is made of thick, telescopic glass. The
interioris furnished with mahogany bulk-headsand plush, red-
velvet seats. A row of cabinets hold books, pipes, good brandy
and changes of clothes. In the rear of the rocket, a large and
well-furnished washroom attends the crew's baser needs.
Description: Modeled after the infamous Vernwell
rocket of Horatio Savage, the SES Nautilus and SES Argo
ssor Dubrius and constructed by

were designed by Pro'
many talented engineers. They were originally intended to
patrol Etherspace around Victoria Station, and to protect
that base from attack. Now they're more often used to
arth.

transport Ethernauts between the station and

Newton Shuttlecraft

Size: The Newton shuttles are about 15 yards long by
10 yards wide by 8 yards high.
Crew: Anywhere from two to 15 individuals can cram

into this small transport. Usually, at least two regular
shuttle pilots occupy this type of vessel. Young Void Engi-
neers often pull pilot duty as a training exercise, inevitably
guided by an experienced Technician.

Armament: A Mark V laser cannon (10 dice of damage)
juts from the belly of the shuttle, and is set on a rotating mount
for maximum range of motion. The ship usually depends on its
speed, high maneuverability and Mark 10 Mulcahy deflectors
ape conflict.

(five extra dice to soak damage) to es

Hull: Takes six Health Levels before rupture; subtracts
five successes from most attacks, and three from magickal
ones. The Deflectors (above) grant it an additional five soak
dice, which must be successfully rolled to deflect the damage.

Special Equipment: Each shuttle has at least one
Quantum Field Inverter (see Technocracy: Void Engi-

sengers can be

neers) with a variable setting, so that pa
Inverted to their Terran labs, to their labs in the Cop, or
onto another, larger ship. Often wired for Gateway travel.

Image: Although an ovoid would probably be preferable,
the designers of the Newton Shuttles were tired of the Void

Engines they were used to. The shuttles are sleek and trim, but

still have "windows," slight "wings," and a vaguely blocky sort
of build, with some angular lines that make them look wildly
different from most of the other ships of the Convention.

Chapter Six: Those Beyond 177

ZN

BSS


IZ,

Description: When a regular shuttle service was
created to ship instruments, Devices and some people
from the Solar System to the Cop, the Research &
Execution department was charged with the creative
task of coming up with a new design. The new service was
begun with the unveiling of the snazzy Newton Shuttles,
and the v

els have done yeoman service ever since.

Greigen Test Platform

Size: A transforming vessel, the test platform is, in
its spherical form, 200 yards in diameter. In its fullest
unfolded state, it could be as long as 600 yards.

Crew: Atl
aboard one of these craft, and she usually needs about 50

st one Void Engineer pilot needs to be

Technicians to help her control the engines, motion and
reformatting of the structure. The ship can carry up to
500 people comfortably.

Armament: You can mount just about anything you
can imagine on this ship. One of the ships is being used as
the test platform for an Entropic Field Generator Gun right
now. The EFGG, a long, metallic tube, runs through the
length of the ship. It fires a beam from the front of the ship
that exponentially increases the innate Entropy of a target,
doing damage to carefully ordered computer systems, weapon
systems and living systems. From the rear of the weapon,
another beam fires that exponentially reduces the innate
Entropy of a target, which stops just about any process that
fires the engines and the weapons systems, as well as causing
damage to living systems. Both functions employ Entropy 4,
with an "Arete" of 6.

Hull: Takes 12 Health Levels before rupture; subtr:

eight successes from most attacks, and four from magickal ones.

Special Equipment: This ship type is designed to
carry all sorts of special equipment. Use your imagination.

Description: Kristof Greigen created this vessel to
carry large scale experiments into optimum positions for
testing (preferably far, far away from any Constructs).
The basic form of the craft is spherical, but that sphere
can be reconfigured by the twisting, unfolding parts
designed into it, letting it unfold, refold, twist, shift and
rearrange as the primary research team might desire.

The Holocaust Brand (Nephandi
Warship)

Size: The Brand is approximately 100 meters long,

50 meters wide and 25 meters high. No one has managed

to acquire more

urate measurements.
Crew: A triumvirate of Malfean mages commands this

vessel, each bringinga hand-picked entourage of at least 10

pe

an occasional Blac

‘sonal assistants, some lesser Nephandi, some fomori and

Spiral Dancer werewolf. Under this
elite corps, a crew of 50 or more fomori and mortal slaves
work to navigate the vessel, maintain its function, and
operate its weapon systems. Hundreds of Bane spirits flit

178 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

from place to place on the vessel, their duties varying with
their power and influence in Malfeas. Periodically, The
Brand conveys one of the direct representatives of the
various Malfean Maeljin Incarna (see Book of the Wyrm)

to some arcane meeting place, and thus also carries the

enormous entourage such a personage would require.

A detachment of 50 to 100 elite fomori perform
standard guard, torture and similar duties, and act as shock
troops for boarding parties.

Armament: There are direct and indirect weapon
systems. The direct weapons are powered by radioactive
elementals and similarly toxic spirits. These guns and
missiles do material damage to enemy vessels, and also
provide foci for the Nephandi aboard to combine and utilize
their Forces, Matter and Entropy Spheres.

The indirect weaponry envelops enemy bases and
Often jokingly re-
Seven Deadlies' Ray," or "Pandora's
Punishment," this spiritual attack employs Banes and
Epiphlings representing things like anger, avarice, pain
and lust. Designed to be used in long-term settings at

vessels with more emotional effect
ferred to as the

great distances, some of these weapons can be launched
at a target in a probe or satellite that maintains the field.
The target's residents slowly begin to experience the
influence of these spirits. If the Nephandi can maintain
the field long enough, the targets often self-destruct, at
least internally, or convert to their cause.

For faster effect in a shorter term, the Nephandi can
use these weapons as foci for their Mind and Life magick.

Hul

subtracts five successes from most attacks, and three

: Takes 15 Health Levels before rupture;

from magickal ones.

Special Equipment: The Brand has an extremely
effective cloaking Device that renders it undetectable to
most magickal scanning Effects (Arete 6, Quintessence
35). This Device can be operated for long periods, and its
running time is often extended by feeding it random low-
powered Banes, similar spirits and prisoners.

The engines of The Brand are a monstrous conglomer-
ate of Banes, forged in the pits of Malfeas. They continuously
move the vessel through the Umbra with their combined
. This conglomerate feeds upon the agonies of
the luckless individuals consigned to the torture chamber

spirit essenc

that occupies the underside of the ship.

Image: The Brand's outer hulll is slick, shiny and black,
as if coated with the chitin of millions of black beetles.
Beneath that outer shell, white bones show through in
spots, crossed, packed and bound in sinew and spider silk.
The shape is roughly cigar-like, except for the bloated belly
that swells out under the vessel like the distended abdomen
of a starving child. The skin of the hull here bulges, shifts

and moves with the agony of those within.

The interior of the vessel is a dripping, breathing
mesh of pipelines, some of them acidic to the touch.


Corpses litter the floors or cling to the walls, and writhing

things that might once have been human grind them

selves into pulp under the gears of shrieking machines
Des

premier

cription: The Holocaust Brand is one of the
Malfean battle

flagship of the fleet but a privileged command never

cruisers, certainly not the

theless. Dispatched for major attacks that require

the ship is rarely used to its g

eatest potential. Once,

it led an assault on the Copernicus Research Center,
and since then has not been pressed nearly so hard. It
occasionally makes morale-boosting appearances at
major battles with Void Engineer or Son of Ether
forces and has loomed in the background of several
engagements near Neptune's moons

The vessel's torture chamber is infamous as a place
of punishment for disobedient servitors of Malfeas as
well as hated enemies. The room echoes with screams
and pleas at all hours of the day, which makes it a favored
duty post among the fomori on board. Vampires, when
they can be captured, make marvelous guests in the
Brand's toy shop. Rumor has it that several Tzimisce
vampires have signed on for tours of the torture chamber
lasting a year and a day, simply for the experience of
being subjected to the most jaded and imaginative tor
turers in existence

The Vivo (Experimental
Progenitor/Void Engineer
Vessel)

Size: Roughly ovoid and about a kilometer in diameter
through its largest axis.

Crew: Approximately 100 people staff the Vivo. The

command crew consists of 10 Technocrats — five Pro-
genitors and five Void Engineers — which ensures a
political balance of power aboard. The remaining crew are

Technicians from the labs of both Conventions and m:

rines dispatched from the staging area of Darkside

Moonbase. The slight political edge the Void Engine

have by maintaining an enforcement contingent is offset
by the fact that they don't really understand how the ship
works. But then, it's doubtful whether the Progenitors
know all of its ins and outs, either

Armament: While the Progenitors work with the
Void Engineers to develop more advanced weaponry, the
Vivo at present has a number of explosive missile weap-
ons that resemble thorns. The design is such that the
thorn-missiles can be propelled at targets with a suitable

detonation to accelerate them rapidly. On impact, the

missiles explode; not a truly damaging explosion, but

enough to transform the kinetic energy of the forward
momentum into heat energy. The real damage comes

Chapter Six: Those Beyond 179


NO Ail

180

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worl

from the missile's contents, a flash-thawed acid concen-
trated enough to dissolve a hole through the hull of most
targets with ease (10 die explosion, with an additional 8
Health Level

Hull: Takes 20 Health Levels before rupture; subtracts
rom most attacks, and five from magickal ones.

/turn done for five more turns).

six succes

Spe
unknown origin has been installed on the Vivo . It makes

1 Equipment: A heavily guarded artifact of

instantaneous travel possible with minimal energy, but
has one big drawback: It will transport only living objects.
After some experiments and adjustments, recentlyliving
material such as hair, fingernails, wood and cotton also
travels, but nothing inorganic or heavier than 300 pounds
can be transported.

The first test run of this ship was a memorable expe-
rience, since the entire crew, in one of those weird cultural
oversights, was wearing artificial fiber clothing. The arti-
fact (which is classified to such an extent that even rumors
of it are dangerous to hear) was supposedly found in the
Cop. No more information — not size (although it has to
fit on the Vivo, of course) nor appearance, nor guesses as
to its origin or workings — is presently known, except to
the select few who supervise its testing on the Vivo.

Image: The rippled, red-and-green-mottled surfac
of this

random transparencies in the outer hull allow glimpses

hip seems to undulate as it moves. Seemingly

of strangely-colored shapes, foliage, circulatory systems,
and the occasional crew member wandering around like
an intestinal parasite. Great green vanes of an incredibly
thin and tough material unfold from many parts of the
ship and angle to catch and store energy from any
available source of light

Description: The Vivo is, as its name suggests,

alive. (The name, apparently, is a rather obscure joke
among some Progenitors, who evidently find it hilari-
ous to inform their co-workers that they are going
somewhere in Vivo.) It is, however, not a single living
arch being
done in the Progenitor labs towards such a project) but

organism (although there are rumors of res

rather several different living systems fused into a single
floating ecosystem. The hull and energy vanes provide
most of the energy for the interior systems, including
the crew, through photosynthesis and related activi-
ties. The life support system is particularly complex in
that it not only supplies air, water and recycling, but
food and other resources as well. Of course, this gets out

of hand sometimes (the orange tree in the command
center was particularly troublesome), but the Progeni-
tors report that they are "working on it."

The ship consists of many different living systems,
including plant and animal complexes (not including the
crew, that is), as well as other forms of life less well defined.

The systems that support the ship are modular; in-
stead of having a single waste-recycling plant and a single


food-growing plant, there are hundreds of these scattered
throughout the ship, none of which are identical. The
diversity of the systems actually adds to the stability of the
ecosystem as a whole (although it does cause a somewhat
chaotic and complicated layout) and to the ship's ability
to deal with the differing needs of its crew. If, for example,

the weapons systems are needed, the systems that deal
with the waste products of the weapons array experience
a growth boom in order to deal with the increased output.

The drawback to having the systems arranged this
way is that the ship is, in the words of one of the Void

Engineers, "even less predictable than usual." The ship's

systems do not necessarily deal with the same stressor in

the same way twice, and systems not directly connected
with one another sometimes interact in odd ways. One of
the most unfortunate of these interactions happened

dis
used for fine maneuvering of the ship emitted a gas which
sused the membranes of the "windows" to weaken (a

overed that one of the systems

early on, when it wa

situation that was quickly remedied). The term "bugs in
the system" also took on an entirely new meaning after
the Progenitors had to deal with an infestation of Japa-
nese Beetles which thought the hull very tasty. The

Progenitors hope they can "fully integrate" the systems

eventually, with the ultimate goal of making the ship
self-replicating.

The Vivo itself is surely a wonder of achievement,
based as it is solely on living systems, and powered entirely
by light and a small amount of Tass. Self-contained,
efficient, potentially self-replicating, but, it is hoped, not
self-aware, theVivo is the heart of its creators' hopes for
what the future could bring.

Chapter Six: Those Beyond 181


So many worlds,
So little done,

so much to do
such things to be

Lord Tennyson

Travel To and Fro

In game terms, tre

avel between worlds
but requires cer
Before you go,

is possible,

ain powers.
» it's always good to know
etting to your destination
been offered here for those
ant them, but they're

how you're g
Systems have
who might we

not
essential to running a story in the
Otherworlds, Remember —

imagination
is everything,

‘Perception:

ground or any of the magick
Periphery simply by

182

Anyone with the Aware ness Trait, the Dream Back-

al Spheres can perceive the
using those abilities. Rank One

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worl

ds

Sphere perceptions offer
tween," while the other T

that come with increased

a slight glimpse into the "be-
raits help him tap the feelings

awareness, Vampiric Auspex
(Level Two and up) "skirts into" this xtraordinary state,

as does fac enchantment. Change lings themselves (
with shapeshifters and ghosts

riphery by nature of what they are.

As for seeing through the Perip
lets you to gaze

along
) already exist in the Pe-

hery, the Spirit Sphere
through the Gauntlet itself.

Several Garou Gifts allow a shapeshifter to de the same.
Rank One Mind magick (or various «

powers that other beings have)
of the Astral Umbra; only k

travel, however, can she se

straight

"aura perception"
grant the character glimpses
by crossing over through astral
¢ it in all its glory

Beginning the Journey

Any character who enters the Otherworlds starts in the
Penumbra, the shadow of our own world. (A portal lets you
skip that part, but we won't complicate things right now.)
From there, she must walk or fly into the mists which
surround where she stands. Her intentions and knowledge
lead her where she wants to go.

The Penumbra always appears to be in twilight, filled
with foggy ha
colors become more vivid; at night, the moon provides the

aze. During the day, this haze lightens and

strongest light and the shadows take on a near-life of their
own. By day, the worldwalker must rely on her own in-
stincts (Wits + Cosmology or Perception + Enigmas),

spiritual assistance or luck to find her way around. As night
falls, trails called Airts or Moon Paths stretch out before
her. Th

the trip to some of them may be long and difficult.

paths lead to all the various Realms, although

A character who wants to fly can do so if she has the

power; this often involves magick, wings or some devic
Many Astral travelers can glide naturally. A flying traveler
can look down on the world from a distance, and may

encounter paths to worlds that a walker couldn't reach, like

the Aetherian Reaches in Chapter Two. Unless she does,
though, she remains in the Penumbra.

Astral travelers may interact with spirit travelers in the
ick

may enter the lowest reaches of the High Umbra (the

Middle Umbra. Those who wander through Spirit ma;

Vulgate), but may not advance farther. Spirit beings deal
with everyone normally. The exception is the Low Umbra;
without certain Gifts or magicks, the living cannot affect
the Shadowlands, and spirits of the dead cannot cross into
the other two Umbrae.

n: The Three Worlds represent what
humans once had, but lost. Technomancers (including
Sons of Ether and Virtual Adepts) have a very hard time
even reaching Umbral Realms; they tend to wander around
in the mis
edgeable leads them to a destination. They cannot attain
the Aetherial Reaches ever, and have a difficult time
entering the Afterworlds described in Chapter One.

s, going nowhere unless someone more knowl-

Explorers without shapeshifter blood eventually lose

their connection to the Earth if they stay in the Umbra for
long. After a while (one to four months for most people
four months to a year for primal mysticks), they forget
their lives on Earth and become spirits. Their physical
bodies fall away (or die, in the case of astral travelers) and

their cons shifts them into spirits which embody

iousnes

their true nature. This is a one-way process. Umbrood like
Aelida are said to have begun their existence as mortals
who fled the material plane. The same disconnection
affects the changing breeds as well, but it takes longer,
typically one to five years. (No, vampires who drink
werewolf blood do not gain this resistance. Disconnection

affects them as it would any other mortal.) People who
dwell in Horizon Realms don't suffer this effect, but
gradually take on the aspects of the Realm in which the

live, and they shape that Realm in return.

Magick and Combat

As the Mage rulebook says (page 242), all magick is
coincidental in the Umbra. Time and Forces magick work
at +1 difficulty, and Life and Matter generally don't apply
to things you find there. Spirit magick makes the caster

shine like a beacon, and acts as Life against spirits and

Matter against ephemeral objects. A mage with Spirit 3 or
better can also touch an Umbrood entity, which other
mortals can't do (shapechangers and changelings are ex-
ceptions to this rule, but vampires are not. Unless they're
in Frenzy. How odd...).

Mortals suffer an automatic +1 to all their attack
difficulties in the Umbra; shapeshifters are the exception to

this rule, beir

argely spirit themselves. For more details,
see Mage, page 261.

Correspondence magick is tricky; itwon't cross through
portals, gates or Realms, but it can shift around the Penum-
bra, or around the Realm you occupy. "Teleportation" and
co-location is really dangerous — fewer than three suc-
cesses, and you end up wherever the Storyteller feels like

putting you! Entropy is deadly in the Shadowlands. Those
rules can be found in Chapter Three.

Realms are little worlds unto themselves; the guide-
lines above do not apply inside them. Many Realms have
their own rules, and the systems section of each chapter
detail those rules. Most Realms have their own versions of
what is and what is not considered "coincidental magick."
Horizon Realms are notorious for realities "slanted" to favor
their creators.

Stepping sideways in a Realm is often useless — there's
lly
magick (Spirit 5) can get a mage through the pericarp, or

no "spirit world" on the other side. Really advanced Spirit

Realm Gauntlet, allowing her to exit the Realm without
using a portal. This brings the traveler into the "space
between worlds," just outside the Realm itself. Passing
through a pericarp this way requires at least three successes

at difficulty 8. A botch seals the wizard inside the pericarp,
where she must be freed by someone else.
* Magi

difficulties for certain Spheres by their very nature.

al Difficulties: Many Realms can alter the

These adjustments can be found in the sections for each

chapter, and will not affect the overall difficulty by more
than 4 points (+/-4), total. Ten is the m
culty in all cases, and 2 the minimum difficulty. Certain

ximum diffi-

feats might be automatically successful in the rightRealm=

(creating butterflies in the Verbena Seasonal Ri

NK

instance) if the mage has a high enough Dice Pookat the |

Storyteller's option. a |

NO All

B

Travel inthe Three
Worlds

Pop Goes the Wizard!
— Dr. Volcano

Entering the High Ombra

To pass into the Realms of the mind, a traveler must
leave her body and advance her consciousness. Entering the
Astral world requires either outside assistance, Spirit 3,
Mind 4 or 5, Auspe
Psychic Numina of Clairvoyance.

5, the Garou Astral Mind Gift, or the

Explorers who enter the High Umbra through Astral
projection travel nude by default; no material items (with
the exception of certain Talismans) can become one with

the traveler's essence. A mental link, often called a silver

cord, connects the traveler to her body back home (Mage,
page 211, or Vampire, pages 160-161): Those who enter
physically through portals, or who become. ephemeral
through Spirit magick, can carry orwear anything they
want. No silver cord binds them.

Stepping sideways will get you in, buit only so far. Many
Umbral travelets whose minds tend toward abstract reason-
ing (like Technocrats, VirtualAdepts, Sonsof Ether, Hermetic
mages and Akashi¢ Brothers) see the Penumbra with Astral
Videre, but cannot venture beyond the Vulgate with Spirit
magick alone. Onlya highly de
upper Realms. Although some portals go directly to the

eloped mind can reach the

Courts, the highest Realms are beyond Spirit magick's reach.
To travel beyond the Vulgate, the explorer must concen-
trate on changing her level of being. As she does so, her body

becomes \a shirnmiering mass of colors and shapes, weaving

patterns which grow. more complex as she enters higher states.

From there, she sends her body up the Spires, metaphysical
symbols for higher consciousness that appear like towers, moun-
tains orstaits. In game terms, this involves rolling Perception +
Occult, with difficulties ranging from 6 to 10. Reaching the
Epiphamies (the highest Realms) demands a mental shift to
Intelligence + Occult, with the difficulties going higher as the
character's consciousness ascends; the lower Epiphamies de-
mand difficulty 9, and the outer teaches go beyond mortal
thought: Only a mage who has ascended can reach the most
theoretical astral reaches, and the trip might be beyond many of
them. (See the Mind Sphere in the Mage rulebook, or the
listings for Auspex or Numina in Vampire or Hunters Hunted,
Fespectively, for the rules of Astral travel.)

Entering the Middle Ombra

Stepping sideways through innate power, Gifts, Spirit
magick, or its, vatiant, Dimensional Science, brings the
explorer to the Middle Umbra. As we've already said, what
she sees when she gets there depends on her mindser; her
body, however, stands in the Penumbra, along with any-

thing she brought with her. Passing through is easier when
you wear or carry nothing (Mage, page 217), but whatever
you bring enters with you.

From there, travel simply involves walking. The paths
one takes, though, become pretty arcane. Most are guarded

by hostile Umbrood, blockéd bylspifit-webbing, of gabe
of their own accord. Moon Paths, the easiest routes, are
glowing roads that link the Realms. Those whowwalkstich,
paths must deal with the Lunes (see Chapter Six) "and
other hazards. Other roads, called Airts, mark the places
where spirits travel. Airts are hard to find without help,
but connect all Middle Realms. An adventurous traveler
canftrptoielinib the Batfetn Webs \which linkkeorey
location in the Middle World. This is dangerous ~ Pat-
Ped Saides bwarm,aéross auch Webs\ and SAN YON

hopelessly lost.

Navigating through the Middle Worlds involyeseither
igmas (for shapeshifters) or Wits + Cosmol-
ogy (for everyone else). Difficulties seem tied to the phases of
the Moon; when it's full, Moon Paths glow everywhere} the
smaller it appears, the weaker the moonlight and the more:
difficult the journey. Moon Paths disappear completely dur>
ing daytime, Mages still ponder why this is.

Entering the Lower World

‘The easiest Way to cross into the Land lof the Deas
to die. Since this tends to be a one-way trip, the Agama
Sojourn (Entropy 4/Life 2/Spirit 3) spell may separate thé
spirit from thé body, allowing the traveler to."die-while
her body remains between life and death. (A. similar
Effect, commonly practiced by the Euthanatos, sends
another person on an agama sojourn. This variant. is
Entropy 4/Life 3/Spirit 4.) An agama is risky magick at
best; many dangers await the successful voyager, anda
failed roll makes the trip permanent.

Perception +

Agama magick can only carry a mage \us,fan\as\ehe
Shadowlands, the Low Penumbra. Traveling further re-
quires a ghostly guide (preferably with the Argos Arcanos)
and_a willingness to literally risk your soul for thedteip:

Chapter Three describes the journey in detail,

Entering Other Realms

* Most Horizon Realms, Shade Realms and Shard
Realms have portals linking them to the mortal world)

Crossing through these gateways and Anchorheads may
involve complex rituals, certain circumstances, or simply
walking through, depending on where the portal \is an
where it goes. Magick is often unnecessary.

© Paradox Realms open for you. Getting to\one
deliberately is more difficult. Sometimes, a spirit traveler
can step sideways and follow a Paradox spirit's trail — its
Airt — back home. This begins at difficulty 8 and goes up
from there; knowing the nature of the spirit (Spirit Lore)
can reduce that difficulty by -f to -3, Those who study


Paradox Realms claim that you can reach them by passing
outside the Horizon and searching for their silvery trails.
New Paradox Realms float close to the Earth, while old
ones drift into deep space. Getting in is easy — just step
through the membranous surface. Getting out requires
clever magick. Using the same Sphere that brought the
Realm into being is notwise. Funny-thing'——when you
escape a Paradox Realm, you return directly to Earth.
Where you return to depends on the length of the trip and
the wishes of the Storyteller.

* The Dreaming! Traveling the Maya is as mysteri-
ous as the Realm/Zone itself. Changelings and their
enchanted allies dwell in a sort of "dream Penumbra"
which corresponds to the normal Penumbra but looks
considerably different — it's a vital world which mixes the
best and worst aspects of the Middle Umbra and tradi-
tional folk tales. The fae call this the Near Dreaming and
Dreamspeakers call it the Dreamtime. While mages can
see it with Mind 1/Spirit 1, non-Dreamspeakers cannot
"travel" there without being enchanted by fae magic. The
fae themselves can travel the trods at will — the Dream-
ing, irr many. ways, is their home.

From there, paths called trods lead to the Maya, the
Dream Realms which changelings call the Far Dreaming.
Here, floating bits of imagination — called Dream Realms
for lack of a better word — create the worlds imagined by

sleeping minds. Mind 3 allows a mage to enter these
places, but everyone goes there while asleep. Mind magick
simply allows the explorer to choose where she goes, and
for how long. Wits + Enigmas rolls.can guide the rip.
When dreamwalking, the mage's body remains alive, as if

she were using astral travel (see above) without a silver

cord. Only Dreamspeakers may step sideways and travel to
the Far Dreaming, although powerful ones may bring
other people with them,

By most accounts, the Maya bleeds outside of the
Horizon, blending into a hazardous eternity at the fringe
of the Far Dreamitig. Trods are generally the only way to
travel this far, although it's rumored that people in comas
or Quiet mindscapes send their minds here. Only
Dreamspeakers, changelings and their allies, or astral
travelers may come and go here under their own power,
rdous journey. Navigation diffichltie
from9 to 10. Travelers who lose their way end up de
by Night

own imaginations for eternity.

and it's a hi

range

oured

errors (Chapter Six) or wander around in their

* The Hollow Earth: Most explorers reach this Realm

by mistake. Many of the known passages — including caves

beneath the Andes, a plateau in India and a tributary of the
Amazon River — have been blocked off, except for one
cave at the North Pole. That's not to say that a lost group
in some primordial area won't find a new entrance into
these Lost World:
magicks, Just Tuc

bur doing so doesn't require any special

IN

Travel Beyond the Horizon

Despite the Fisher Princess' remarks in Chapter
Five, the Horizon is an impressive barrier. Alll travelers
perceive it differently: some see a huge river or a
"Dreamshell," others a living membrane coursing with
creation's blood, and still others an endless wall of iron.
Most
ships must navigate without disaster. Either way, a trav
eler passing through the Great Barrier must ford the
Horizon (often with Spirit 5 or Mind 5, but sometimes by

sheer Willpower) with 10 or more successes on an ex-

herjammers see a belt of cosmic rays, which their

tended roll. Getting back in usually demands 15 more
successes the same way. An Anchorhead vortex Domain
makes the passage easier (five successes only).
Anchorheads link the Near Umbra with the Void.
Some also pass into the Shade Realms or Shenti. Most

Anchorheads appear to be energy storms or whirlpools, but

some of the more well-traveled ones — gateways to the
Shade Realms—take amore permanent form as landscapes

on the far side of some obstacle. The Anchorhead to Life's

Shade Realm, for example, might look like a moss-covere

log bridge across a bottomless chasm. On the other side, a
vast grassland awaits those brave enough to cross over. The
character makes her roll/as she balances across the log
bridge. Characters who cross through an Anchorhead need

y 8) to finish the trip.

only make a Willpower roll (difficul

The Aetherian Reaches (Chapter Two) offer an
easier path to the Deep Umbra, but only the most
Verbena,
Dreamspeakers, Cultists of Ecstasy and some chang

primal travelers — shapeshifters,

lings — can even find this spirit Realm. Past the

cloud-cover of certain Middle Umbral Realms, the sky

goes up forever, passing up to the Horizon and beyond
The planets one sees from this perspective are more like
the Shade Realms than like the Shards we recognize.
Here, the traveler needs only five successes on a Will-
power roll (difficulty 8) to pass through. Anchorhead
vortices, which sweep across the "sky," lead directly to
the Shenti, which epitomize Wyrm, Weaver or Wyld
Once in space, the traveler's perceptions guide her
journey (Perception + Cosmology). Most modern-educated
mages understand that space is an airless vacuum; a
worldwalker has to fly to cross it, and the distances are vast.
Some primal mysticks, however, can simply picture an end-
less desert and walk across the Void. To others, the explorer's
still floating, but in the traveler's mind, she wanders through
a vast expanse, waiting for some landmark. This kind of
journey can take lifetimes, and has it own problem —survival
The deeper one goes into the Void, the more pressing the
need for magickal protection grows. Imagine drifting in the
Pacificocean —sure, you can breathe fora while, but how long
will you last? A mystick Talisman or Device may protect the
traveler fora while, butshe'll die out there without something

NY

ID.

NO All

more to sustain her. The Void, moreover, exerts. a more subtle
threat than simple physical starvation: dissolution of the soul.

The Void's spiritual vacuum pulls slowly but insis-
she wanders, her soul

tently at a traveler's nce. As

begins to scatter. Unless some magick, like the rank five
Spirit Effect Deep Umbral Travel ora technomagickal life-
support system, keeps her body and soul together, the two
gradually drift apart and disintegrate. For some reason,
Marauders and Nephandi seem immune to this effect. (The
Fallen Ones' exile past the Horizon was supposed to kill
them, It didn't.) The aforementioned safeguards will pro-
tect an explorer indefinitely; still, most Etherjammers prefer
to ride on some kind of Umbraship, if only for security.
The Void houses some unpleasant company. A mighty
effort by the Traditions and Technocracy combined ripped
the most powerful Nephandi from the Earth in 1944, killing
many of them and hurling the survivors into the Deep
Umt
behind them, making it impossible for the Fallen Masters to

‘a. Another working locked the metaphysical door

breach the Horizon directly. Since then, the Nephandi

have had to sneak in through back doors and dreams, or
corrupt new followers. Most cosmologists feel the ritual
dropped the Fallen Ones into Malfeas (see Chapter Five),
but no one's been able to check. The Marauders seem to
prefer living outside the Tellurian's confines; even so, many
of them enjoy jumping some harmless worldwalker or

ents itself.

Umbraship when the opportunity pre:

And then there are the things... Occasionally called
"Demon Hordes" by explorers, the entities that dwell on

the endless stars and planets are far too frightening for mere

statistics to convey. Besides, the idea's already been done to
perfection, so why bother when a perfectly good game
called Call of Cthulhu already exists? Chapter Six presents
a few denizens of the Void Beyond. If you, the Storyteller,
want to get more sadistic, check out CoC.

Travel Between Realms

Astral traveling from the High Umbra or the Dream Zone
toanother World requiresa Willpower roll (difficulty 8) tomake
thenecessary shift in consciousness. Doingso places the explorer
in the mists of the Penumbra. She must travel from there herself.

A Middle Umbra traveler can climb the Pattern Web
into the lower reaches of the Vulgate (or vice versa), but
cannot advance further than that. Only the Dreamspeakers
can walk from the Dreaming into the Umbra. Coming or
going from the Lands of the Dead into the High or Middle
Umbra requires Entropy 5/Spirit 4, Entropy 5/Mind 5 foran
Astral traveler, or Argos 4 in the case of a wraith.

Portals are usually the only way out of Horizon or
Umbral Realms — very few Realms have Gauntlets you can
step sideways through, and it's almost always easier to get in
than to get out. Most Horizon Realms have back doors into
other Realms or onto Moon Paths, but these are usually
guarded by elaborate wards and sentinel creatures.

Travel Methods

Place

Periphery Awarene

Means of Travel and Navigation
Dream, Rank One Spheres, Auspex 2

Astral Travel
Stepping Sideways

Mind 4 or5, Auspex 5, Clairvoyance 5, Gifts; navigate by Perception + Occult
Spirit 3 (4 to bring others), Gifts (innate to Garou); navigate |
Perception + Enigmas (shapeshifters) or Wits + Cosmology (mages)

High Umbra Astral travel, stepping sideways (Vulgate only); navigate by Perception +
Occult, or Intelligence + Occult (Epiphamies)

Middle Umbra
Low Umbra

Realms

Stepping sideways, astral travel

Entropy 4/Life 2/Spirit 3; navigate by Wits + Occult
Portals, gates or Anchorheads

Find (Perception + Spirit Lore), step through

Mind 1/Spirit 1, or fae enchantment to see; sleep, Mind 3 to visit (only
Dreamspeakers can step sideways); navigate by Wits + E

Paradox Realm
Maya
igmas

Hollow World

No magick necessary

Horizon Spirit 5, Mind 5, or Willpower roll (10 successes out, 15 successes in)
Anchorhead and Aetherian Reaches Willpower roll (5 successes, difficulty 8)
Deep Umbra Spirit 5, Mind 5, Life 3, or life-support device for long survival;

navigate by Perception + Cosmology.

High Umbra/Dream Zone to other: Willpower roll (difficulty 8);
Middle to High Umbra: climb Pattern Web (Dexterity + Athletics or
Cosmology); Low to any: Entropy 5/Spirit 4, Entropy 5/Mind 5 for an
Astral traveler, or Argos 4; Realm to Realm: Portals and gates.

World to World

186 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Ye


Systems, Chapter by Chapter

For all intelligent human beings have had
some brief experience of moments of contempla-
tion, when consciousness seems to widen and
become aware of the sheer interest and com-
plexity of the world. And when you are in this
state, you cease to feel the same intense desire for

individuals or objects, because you are aware of
so many
— Colin Wilson, Poetry

Chapter One

* General Note
their Social and Mental Traits in plac

¥ Mysticism

Remember that astral travelers use

of their Physical
ones: Dexterit

becomes Wits, Manipulation becomes
Strength, and Stamina becomes Intelligence. Damage is
subtracted from Willpower instead of Health, and when a
character's Willpower drops to zero, his silver cord snaps.

When and if the silver cord is severed, a character loses
allconnection to his body and flies upward to the Epiphamies.
This is usually a good time to take the player aside and run

him through a series of quick sensory impressions, then go

-s out what's happened. For

211)

back to the others while he pu:

further details about astral travel, see the Mage (pag
and/or Vampire (pages 160-161) rulebooks

The Realms
© The Grand Hall of Endless Gates: All forms of

magick are coincidental here, but supernatural beings (in-

cluding werewolves, vampires and such) add +2 difficulty to
their "casting" rolls when they try to use a Discipline,
Sphere, Gift, or whatever.

The doors and windows to the various Realms operate
both ways, but you have to see them in order to use them.
Many Grand Hall portals cannot be noticed from the other
side except with a Perception + Awareness ot Perception +
Enigmas roll (difficulty 8). When seen this way, they often
(a mirror,
pool, gate, crossroads, etc.). A magickal or mundane lock
, but will be swept away

link up to some other kind of "transition plac

will bar the portal for a little while
by the sentinels in time.

As for the sentinels themselves, consider them a plot
hook, not a "wandering monster." They should seem mys-
terious, unknowable and invincible. Any character who

attacks one should be dealt with in a harsh but non-fatal

manner (turned to stone, hurled out a nearby door, frozen
in mid-air, etc.). The sentinels never speak.

© The Inventium: All forms of technomagick are
coincidental in this Realm; natural Arts are vulgar unless
they're really subtle (making a seed fertile, flipping a coin
out of probability's range, etc.).

The Realm's "native" inventions here work under
their own power, and never require fuel, power or ammuni-
tion. Devices from outside have their usual needs. Everything
here is "solid"; that is, it's made of matter and natural
elements, not ephemera, so long as it remains inside the
Realm. Visitors cannot take items from the Inventium with
them; once an item passes out of the place, it turns to dust

The people living here should seem stark and insular.

Years of hiding in what amounts toa giant toybox has made

them all pretty crazy, especially the ones who were born
here. Everyone in the Realm expects an army of invaders
Earth to come any time now and take the inventions

from

away from them. Visitors, even allies, will be given a cool

(or even hostile) reception:
© The Elemental Domains: Nature magicks (includ-

ing magick with no focus at all) are coincidental. A spell

involving elements in its focus reduces its casting difficulty
by-1. All technomagickal Effects are considered vulgar. All
Forces and Matter-related Effects reduce their difficulties
by an additional -1 (maximum modifier +/-4)

Spirit and matter are one and the same in the elemen-
tal domains. All Spheres work as usual, and the surroundings
are not made of ephemera. All elemental spirits are consid-

ered Materialized (as the Charm) in these Realms.

All of the elemental Courts are dangerous to travelers
who aren't equipped to handle extreme climates. Vampires
in the Fire Courts are not long for this (or any other) world.
Characters in their astral forms will remain unharmed but
uncomfortable — the domains can be pretty unsettling. A
bit of planning (magickal or otherwise) can prepare

worldwalkers to survive the Courts, but the traveler who

simply wanders into the home of Hon So the Wooden
Dragon without an invitation had better be prepared for
some nasty surprises.

* Umbrood Realms (including the Umbral Courts):
All forms of mystick magick (that is, magick that looks
like magick) are coincidental; the spirits are old-fash-
ioned and consider technomagick a vulgar aberration
("That thing won't work in my home, child!"). Some
technology-spirits may be the exception to this rule, but
most Umbrood Realms reject Technocratic ways. Magick
casting difficulties are:

Coincidental: Sphere + 2

Vulgar without witnesses: Sphere + 3

Vulgar with witnesses: Sphere + 4.

The residents of these Realms are as weak or as powerful

as you want to make them. The Book of Madness offers some
sample characters to give you an idea about the relative
power of the Umbral Court's denizens. Such spirits are almost
always haughty and condescending toward humans, but tend

Appendix: Game Systems 187

IDWS


NOY All

to be extraordinarily curious about them, too. They often
insist on ceremony, and get badly bent out of shape if they
don't receive the proper respect. Umbrood often have more
subtle ways
Lady Aelida is more likely to summon a flock of birds to crap

aling with annoyances than simple combat;

ona trespasser or to fling him off her cloud-castle than she is
to jump on him and start swinging.

© The Nether Realms: Characters cannot exit either of
the A fterworlds easily; they must leave theway they came in,
or through some other portal like the Catacombs or the
Dread River. Spirit 5.will not get you out of the heavens or
hells. Mortals cant'visit the Afterworlds only by preparing
themselves for the trip, or by following some demon or angel
back home (not an easy task).

All forms of magick are considered vulgar with wit-
nesses throughout the Nether Realms. (What? You thought
you could-just-march in and start slinging spells? Sorry,
buddy, this is hell:) Holymagicks=Chorus Songs, healings,
shamanic medicine, ete.= are especially hard to perform
int the hells (+4-difficulty), but people with True Faithand
blessed-Talismans add two extra dice toall their Dice Pools
and glow with searing light. Which, of course, makes them
good target

Paradox points don't just pilesxp-on'a character sheet.
They hurt. A lot. Backlashes take the form of Infernal tortures,
but will not kill the victim, only cause him pain (-1 to all Dice
Pools for every five points-of-Paradox, expended). Escape
through Quietis not-an option. A' mage is stuck with the
‘consequences of his actions.

Infernal-chains, shackles and cells cannot be moved or
brokenwith mortal strength. It takes a Dice Pool of at least 10
dice to resist such blocks or bindings, and breaking or moving

these obstacles usually demands at least three successes.

For each'day spent wandering in the Nether Realms, a
character loses One of her permanent Willpower points.
Lesser vis
the Nether Realms isitrapped there, possibly forever, and
joins the ranks of the totmented.

its cost itwo temporary points. Anyone killed in

Demons aren't stupid;as.a rule. Dumb servitors may
hurl themselves at an invader, trying to bring her down by
sheer force, but the smarter ones will mutter enigmatic
phrases, display minor feats of power, and'try.to get on the
character's good side. In short, they play games. These
Infernal pastimes can be a great deal more fun than simply
beating the stuffing out of a trespasser, and they have the
same result. The explorer may leave hell alive one day, but
she'll remember what she's seen for the rest of her life. And

who knows? She may well be back

© Paradise: All peaceful magicks are considered coinci-
dental here, and do not require a focus regardless of the
mage's Arete. All violent or offensive Effects are vulgar with
witnesses, and all Paradox for such attacks is doubled. A
Paradox backlash expels the whole group from the Realm.

188 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

There's only one way into the Paradise Realm: through the
front door. No portals, Null Zone corridors or Pattern Webslead
here, and the only other way out is by offending the hosts,

Any character stupid enough to attack the Gates of
Heayen is annihilated. Period. It doesn't matter if he has a
True Brujah grandfather, an Arete of 10 and sixes in all his
Spheres. The light engulfs him and he's, gone forever.
Nearby travelers get a chance to run; they'll only suffer
three aggravated Health Levels (no soak, even with Forti-
tude), be struck blind for several days, and suffer an eternal
mark on their foreheads and souls for what they've been a
party to. Travelers who wish to profane Paradise once
they're inside — through violence, insults, vandalism,
whatever — can do as they wish. When they finish what-
ever it is they wanted to do, the Realm fades around them
and they find themselves in hell: Getting out is their
problem — after all, rejecting Paradise was their choice. A
character who suffers this fate may not ever retutfi to
Paradise unless he offers a'sincere repentance.

A visit to Paradise restores all'the Willpower (tempo-
rary or otherwise) a visitor has lost, and grants her a new
pointas Well (maximum 10). Such trips, however,
and wondrous experiences. A person would-be extraordi-
narily lucky to do this onée in her entire life, and two trips
would be almost unheard of. The angels and resident souls
are kind and peaceful — not perfect, perhaps, but innocent

e rare

and well-intentioned. At the same time, those imperfec-
tions make Paradise seem that much more hopeful.

The storytelling elements of a journey to Paradise.
cannot be overemphasized — that journey must be one. of
the most dramatic and significant chapters in your chroniele.
The same is true, to a lesser extent, of a trip to hell. The
Nether Realms lie closer to the World of Darkness than the
heavens do, however, so it's easier to travel more than once)
to the Infernal depths than to the Ce

© The Epipham

no other form of magic

stial reaches.

These are all Realms of pure Mind;
, Gift or Discipline will work here

at all. Mind powers reduce their difficulties by -2, and are
considered coincidental magick.

A character should have fours or better in all of her
Mental Traits to even consider coming here, and some of
the really abstract Realms are simply off-limits. Stepping
worldwalkers
must visit in their astral forms, Especially rare Null Zone
corridors might lead a material visitor to one of the highest
Realms, but he'll have to leave the way he came in.

sideways is not an option in the Epiphami

An astral wanderer who ends up flung into the
Epiphamies when her silver cord gets cut buzzes around the
y cross into the more common Realms
(like those described), but cannot stay anywhere for long.
Unless she finds a way home, she becomes an Umbral
vagabond, looking for a Realm or fellow traveler that can
reunite her with her Earthly body.

netherspace. She ma


Chapter Two

© General Notes: Most mages neversee the Realmsof the
Middle World; they're too shut off from the primal essence of
nature to go far in these elemental regions. Those who stay in
touch with nature, however, like Cultists, Verbena, Euthanatos

and especially Dreamspeakers, find there's a fascinating and
intoxicating play going on behind the Velvet Curtain,
Thisis, of course, the Umbra described in the Werewolf
books, Many of the Realms depicted in that game's supple-
ment Umbra: The Velvet Shadow, like Wolfhome, Pangaea
and the tribal homelands, are virtually impossible for non-
Garou to reach. Other Realms are seen quite differently by
non-Garou v

ors. The names and descriptions of each

Realm have been changed a bit to reflect the perceptual
shift. For the record, the Realmsare as follows: The Aetherian
Reaches = the Aetherial Realm; the Chasm = the Abyss;
Dystopia = the CyberRealm; Hy-Brasil = Arcadia Gateway;
the, Mythic Worlds = tribal homelands and the Battle-
ground; the Radiance = the Flux; and the
overlap of the Atrocity Realm and the Scar. Storytellers are
advised to send mixed parties to one variation or the other.
The Hollow Earth \(Chapter Three) may be an, aspect of
Pangaea bursio one hes been able to prove a connection,

Technomagick is vulgar in all Middle Umbral Realms
except Dystopia; there, the reverse is true. Paradox back-
lashes usually summon spirits to "correct" the problem.
These entities aren't necessarily Paradox spirits, but simply
Umbrood defending their territory.

Wasteland = an

The spirits themselves respect any mage with the Spirit
Sphere; the-higher his rating, the higher their regard. This
doesn't mean they'll do everything he asks — they might
hate him for having powers mortals shouldn't possess — but
they'll notice him and grant everything he does with a
measure of importance.
tion spirits give them might range from amusement to
hatred, depending on the spirit, the character, and the
things both sides do when they meet.

As for other characters, the recep-

Ombral Storms

The Middle Worlds are the most tempestuous of the
three layers, Although mass insanities may trigger storms in
the-High-Umbra, and maelstroms may sweep across the
Underworld, the stresses of Wyld, Weaver and Wyrm alike
rip across the Middle Umbra in the form of frequent Umbral
Winds and Umbraquakes.

The Umbral Wind bringsstorms which resemble Earthly
tempests, but in.a far more horrifying aspect. They're the

elemental essence of storms, more violent and awe-inspiring
than hurricanes. Imagine being out on a small boat in the
middle ofan ocean when a waterspout hundreds of feet high
bears down on you. Nowhere to run, no shelter in sight.
That's the terror of an Umbral storm.

In game terms, an Umbral Windstorm changes the
landscape drastically in its wake. It disrupts Moon Paths,
blows travelers off course, and throws-a hefty
everyone. If characters end up in the middle of such a storm,
have them make Stamina rolls (difficulty 6-9, depending) to
see how well they come through. Failure means a person is

re into

swept away and gets hurt (one to three Health Levels).
Botching injures her badly (three to five Health Levels) and

strands her far away. Success means she's shaken but unhurt,

Umbraquakes occuriwhen'a powerful spirit gets really
angry. Everyone in the vicinity gets thrown to the ground
and injured by the spiritual outburst. This usually inflicts
one to five dice in aggravated damage to everyone in the
area, and shakes the surrounding Umbrascape to bits.

Zones

* Maya: See Chapter Three,

* Digital Web; See Mage, pages 242-244. For real
detail, see the Digital Web supplement.

* Mirror Zone: As the Storyteller, invoke any rules
change you want in order to throw the players off balance
Possibilities include turning successful rolls into botches,
adding Paradox to successful magick rolls, exchanging
Wits + Enigmas rolls for any other form of roll, and
anything else your demented little mind can envision.

¢ Null Zone: No form of technology works atall in the
Null, nor does any form of magic, including Arts, Disci-
plines, Spheres, Gifts or Arcanoi, Werecteatures can shift
into their other forms, but that's about ir. Yes, these are, in
fact, aspects of the Paths of the Wyck, and they're fairly
deserted. Some Realms transcend these, corridors, but for
the most part, the Null goes almost everywhere, Getting
there is easy — just step through the door (if you can find
one). Stepping sideways while concentrating on the Null
can get you there (difficulty 10); failure strands the charac-
ter elsewhere, and a botch pretty much destroys him, so it's
not a good idea to try.

Time effectively stands still for characters in these halls;
a group could walk from London to Maui in a few moments
if they knew where to go. Navigating the Null corridors
requires an Intelligence + Enigmas roll, difficulty 10. Getting
toan exact destination requires five successes; botching the
roll leads the characters to some hideous doom (a hell, the
Chasm, etc.)

© Vistas: Nothing a worldwalker can do will affeét-a
Vista in any'way, or vice versa. Characters are spectators,
nothing more. Vistas often requiré that each viewer makes
a Willpower roll (difficulty 10 minus the viewer's Arete,
Gnosis, Courage or Glamour). Failure means that character
loses a point of temporary Willpower. A botch means she
loses two points. Interestingly, wraiths are unaffected by
Vista visions. Maybe what they' ve already seen is so much
worse that simple visions don't bother them.

N

NOW All

IW

The Realms

* Aetherian Reaches:

As mentioned, this place is so
alien to (or so guarded against) Technomancers that they
they end up
lost somewhere else. All forms of mystic magick are coinci-

can never enter it. If someone leads them her

dental, though Paradox still exists for those who botch. Spirit
magicks reduce casting difficulties by -1. Garou characters
gain an automatic Rage point when they enter the Realm.

Toget to the Reache
Once she does, no matter how high she goes, she remains

1 traveler must go up somehow.

immune to the effects of high altitudes or outer space
(except for weightlessness) until she reaches the Horizon.
Once here, she may walk on clouds as if they were solid; if
she falls, she will not be hurt (she might be really freaked
out, but not injured, after a really long plunge).

¢ The Chasm: All forms of magick are vulgar here, and
Effects add +1 to their difficulties. The Chasm is a siphon
of mystick energies and disrupts any attempt to use them.
The exception is Spirit magick; any pure Spirit Effect (that
that Sphere only) is coincidental and

is, one which us

reduces its difficulty by -1. Spirits summoned here, how-
ever, will be very angry —a visit to the Chasm is considered
a virtual death sentence.

Anything (or anyone) who falls into the Chasm is lost
forever. Scaling the walls requires a Strength + Athletics
roll (difficulty 6 or more), while de:
demand Dexterity + Athletics rolls to avoid slipping. Any-

cending the path may

one who stares into the Chasm must make a Willpower roll
(difficulty is Storyteller's option) to look away. All visitors,
regardless of their temperament, will be depressed by the
Chasm's atmosphere, and really unstable ones may loose
their cool completely, depending on the circumstances.

© Dystopia: As mentioned, technomagick is coinci-
dental here, and all other styles are vulgar. Cybernetic foci
reduce casting difficulties by an additional -1.
often takes the form of electric shoc

Paradox

or "security alarms"
summoning nearby police.

Strangers are not welcome here, by the way; all outsid-
ers raise the difficulty of their Social rolls by +1.

The Digital Web links into Dystopia through aseries of
hidden "back doors." Characters can jump in here the same
ways they access the Web (see above). Like the VR Zone,
the Computer Net here e

hanges a character's Mental

Attributes for his Physical ones. Intelligence becomes
Strength, Wits becomes Dexterity, and Willpower replaces
Stamina. An experienced computer-type can change her
appearance (her icon) in the Web by rolling Manipulation
+ Computers (difficulty 6) and spending a point of Quintes-
sence or Gnosis.

© Hy-Brasil: Magick with "traditional" European
foci (runes, wands, chants, etc.) reduce all casting difficul-
ties by -1 (maximum -4). Magick without foci, or using
"foreign" tools, is normal but coincidental. Matter, Life

190 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

and Forces work normally here, but Correspondence or
Entropy-based Effects add +3 to their difficulty or backfire

wildly. Time does not work atall, except to utterly disorient
the caster. Paradox manifests as angry sprites who rip into
the victim with tiny magic swords (physical backlash).

The residents of this Realm are fae, not spirits; they're

material, essentially immortal, and vulnerable to cold iron.
Changelings who visit here

in an additional two points of

Glamour, but realize instinctively that this place has no real

connection to Arcadia, muchas the folk there would like to
think that it does. These residents behave in capricious
ways, as faeries often do. Manners are essential; rude people
wind up in nasty traps, while visitors with a good grasp of
etiquette gain favor. Don't take the gifts they offer, how-
ever; the old tales about eating and drinking in faerieland
apply. Visitors who accept such tokens may find themselves
unable to leave (Storyteller's option).

* Mythic Worlds: Everything about these myriad Realms
is larger than life. All forms of magick are coincidental in
most worlds. Technomagick is usually, but not always, the
exception; a cyberpunk Realm will accept those foci as

"normal" as well. Magick isnever totally without risk —even
ahigh-fantasy Realm will have nasty consequences for fouled
spells — but a trip to the Mythic Realms offers a troupe a
chance to cut loose and have some wild fun.

Although the Realms are really just spiritual represen-
normally
ons of a Mythic Realm as

tations of imagination, all Spheres work as the

would; Life kills or heals the deni:

it would on Earth, and Matter can bring down mountains.
works cockeyed. All Time Effect difficul-
ties add +3 (maximum 10), and even succe:

Time, however

sful spells have

odd after-effects (blurry vision, speaking or hearing "out of

speed," etc.). Paradox backlashes depend on the Realm; a
Classical Greek Realm might invoke a thunderbolt from
Zeus, while the OK Corral might conjure up a dust storm or
an angry Indian spirit

A character who joinsa quest cannot leave the Realm, no
matter what. Nor would he want to— the ques

isaney

thing, even if you're a mage or werewolf. Astral travele
dieduringa quest gohome, but those who wander in spirit form
suffer a true death. Those who succeed gain a point of tempo-
rary Willpower and refresh any points they may have lost
during the adv

nture.

nd these trips are adventures! They
citing and filled with

* The Radiance: All magickal Effects add two dice to
the caster's Arete roll, but often go way beyond the mage's

should be fast,

intentions. A spell meant to grow wings, forexample, might
change the subject into a bird. All forms of magick are
srarely find the

place unless they have an experienced guide.

coincidental here, although Technomance:

all Effects
using that Sphere reduce their difficulties by -2. All mages
absorb five points of Quintes

Prime is especially powerful in the Radianc

sence, which stay with them

until it's used. Correspondence spells don't work at all, but


they give the caster a great head rush. Paradox "snaps"
always take the form of searing bolts of energy (physical
backlash), and can consume a wizard whole. Backlashes
also add two dice to their effect!

A mage who ventures into the Pulse banishes all the
points she had in her Paradox Pool at the time she entered.
Once there, she can always gain more by screwing up, but
whatever Paradox she had before she entered is purged by
bathing in the heartbeat of the world.

Nothing and no one may be bound while in this Realm.
Blood Bonds, spirit fetish-bonds, addictions, possessions
and all forms of Mind control are snapped if the subject or
master enters the Radiance. This freedom is permanent.
Shapechangers who enter the Realm (including mages who
shapeshift) change back and forth at random intervals
between their various forms. The landscape changes as well
(see description). A strong-willed individual can control
those changes and remake the landscape to her will by
spending a Willpower point (Gnosis for shapeshifters) and
rolling Manipulation + Enigmas. The difficulty depends on
the size of the cl

ange. Such alterations last only a few
minutes, but can be made again later. A mage can even
change herself as if she had Life 4 by spending a point of
Quintessence and willing a change. This only lasts a minute

or so, but can be very amusing.

¢ The Wasteland: Magick does not work here at all.
Any attempt to use it backfires and make the situation even
worse. Any group which enters the Wasteland is scattered;
each person must face his torments alone. Once a scene is
played out, the visitor is free to leave, or might be swept into
another atrocity

hibition. At the fringes of the Realm, all

travelers may be reunited. Given the harsh lessons of the
Realm, they'll need the company.

Most of the Realm's "residents" are spiritual reflec-
tions, not actual people or even spirits. You can kill them,
but they come back to life. If one of them "kills" a character
in return, she'll fall out of the Realm and end up back on the
Moon Paths. Visitors — like the Banes who occasionally
come here to feed on the sheer misery of the Wasteland
are an exception; they're as solid as anyone else, and may be
injured physically if the character has the power to do so.
The Realm' at Storyteller's
option, drain a point or two of temporary Willpower from
mortal visitors.

Chapter Three

© General Notes: Each of these Realms is a world unto
itself. The means of traveling or navigating through them

defeat-laden atmosphere

can be found at the beginning of this Appendix. Detailed
treatments of the worlds of Wraith and Changeling are
beyond the scope of this book; those Realms are a mystery
to most mages, anyway. Troupes who wish to incorporate

the Underworld and Near Dreaming into their chronicles
should consult the other games' rulebooks for details.

The Realms

© The Low Umbra: All forms of magick are considered
coincidental in the Underworld, but Arete rolls are at +2
difficulty. Life and Prime spells are always vulgar; Matter
and Fore

's do not work at all. Large Effects can rip open
Nihils, gateways to the Tempest. The Tempest itself dis-
tupts all Correspondence and Time-related spells, making
them useless. Entropy magick is a bad idea here. It flows
easily (-2 difficulty), but unlocks the Shadow which lies at
most ghosts' hearts. Once freed, these Shadows attack
yone in the vicinity. Only Mind and Spirit function

with any real accuracy, and they're still hard to use

Paradox backlashes summon hordes of screaming spec-
tres (like Paradox spirits), which carry an unlucky mage

into the he:

rt of the Labyrinth; there, he underge

a
Harrowing, a group torture where the character confronts
his worst fears. In game terms, the troupe usually shifts roles
to become the tormenting Spectres, who in turn become
the character's fears. See Wraith: The Oblivion's second
edition rulebook for details. If you don't have that boo!

assume the mage has entered a Paradox Realm in hell (see
Chapter One). He can't leave until he faces a gauntlet of
emotional tortures he cannot escape. It's said the Nephandi
consider Harrowings a cross between Sunday school and
entertainment.

* The Maya:

tules. If you need systems, assume that magickal styles can

These Realms work best without firm

be either vulgar or coincidental (depending on the dream),
Mind and Spirit magick work at -2 difficulty, and Time-
related

ffects boot you out of the dream

Changelings know the Dreaming best; their enchant-
ment allows other folks to see the chimerical reality they
dwell in. (see Changeling: The Dreaming and Nobles:
The Shining Host for details about the fae and their world.)

Astral visitors use their Mental Attributes instead of Physi-

cal ones. Creatures here seem as material as anything else;
dream spirits are ephemeral, but should be considered
Materialized when they meet characters in the Maya.

Dying in a Dream Realm catapults the traveler into an

Earthbound coma. In game terms, this resembles a Quiet
ks. [fhe

perishes ina particularly horrible way, he may have to make

mindscape (Mage, page 179), usually for a few we

a Willpower roll or die for real. Entering another person's
dream is easy —a simple Mind 3 trance gets you in. Getting
out is more difficult, and typically demands a. resisted
Willpower roll, with the dreamer having a lower difficulty

than the tre t (often 2 less). A character who meets

one of the Oneira makes a disturbing discovery: Within
their own Realms, these beings are gods. If a visitor dis-
pleases Myathia of the Twelve Collars, for examples:
visitor may awaken mute, or forever cold, of gpea
backwards (the punishments dealt out by Neill €
Morpheus can give you the general idea). In otht
travelers should behav

Appendix: Game Syster

NO All

IW

© Paradox Realms: The Sphere or Spheres that bring
mage to a Paradox Realm are vulgar inside that Realm.

Any magickal failure or botch compounds the punishment.
It's usually best to avoid using magick at all once you're in
a Paradox Realm. The only way to escape is to confront
some test or obstacle and overcome it without using mystick
power. Those who struggle mire themselves further in,
leading to situations like Rugnir's Crib.

* The Hollow World: All forms of magick are coinci-
dental in the Hollow World, much to the delight of the few
Technomancers who find the place. No magickal compli-
cations are necessary. Sample listings of common dinosaurs
can be found in Chapter Six. The existence of the dero and
terois left completely to the Storyteller. White Wolf refuses

to confirm or deny such rumors.

Chapter Four

Creating a Horizon Realm requires

a massive ritual involving the following elements: a linked
network of Nodes; Matter 4, Forces 4, Prime 4 and Spirit 4;
and months or years of work. Guidelines must be estab-
lished, Nodes found, ley lines created, mighty spells crafted,
precautions taken, and efforts coordinated. A glitch at any
portion of the process may have disastrous consequences.

Once the process is completed, a pocket in reality is
formed. Inside, the work begins on the shaping.and structur-
ing of the Realm. Here's where the great difference between
an Umbral Realm and a Horizon Realm — the fir

occurs
naturally, the second, deliberately — becomes obvio
Anyone who wants to construct a Horizon Realm had better
have access to lots of money, materials, magickand time. The
Book of Chantries and Horizon: The Stronghold of Hope
present some of the larger Horizon Realms in the modern
world; Chapter Four of the first book runs down many of the
details (some of them now out-of-date ruleswise, but other-
wise helpful) of Realm constraetion \politics aud ecology:

It's worth noting that spitit-summoning and Gaunt-
let-piercing Effects tend not to work well inmost Horizon
Realms because, quite simply, the spirits are out in plain
sight. Realms which have spirits, like the Dreamspeaker
Lodge of the Gray Squirrel, haye no Gauntlet between the
worlds; those which don't, like Autocthonia, haye no
spirits around to affect (except The Computer and the
Geomids, both of which are pretty distant from the hall-
ays of the Realm). In short, most Spirit-magick Effects
are worthless in Horizon Realms, unless they either pierce

the pericarp or allow a mage to summon or see a spirit out
in'plain sight.

The Realms.

* Autocthonia: As you can guess, anything except for
technomagick-is considered vulgar with witnesses in
Technomancer Heaven. Entropy Effects are at +3 diffi-
culty, and failed attempts set off alarms all over the area.

The Spirit Sphere is completely useless except in the
Central Core, although its Dimensional Science variant
(see Technocracy: Void Engineers) works normally.
Paradox causes an especially vicious backlash here: Of-
fending mages either slide into Quiet and have their bodies
gathered up'for fuel or forced labor, or take physical damage
such as (choking, followed by disintegration. Each turn, the
mystick suffers one Health Level of aggravated damage (no
soak); ifhe reaches zero Health, his body begins to scatter. His
moleculesfloataway
structure. Other reality deviants, such as vampires and

nd become integrated into Autocthonia's

werebeasts, suffer minor pains, which grow worse the longer
they remain. Changelings discover an agonizing place with an
effective Banality of 10, and ghosts find the Shroud just as
impenetrable. Thus is the Pattern maintaine

Surveillance cameras, monitors and bugs are every-

where. Turning invisible may handle the cameras, and silence
may deter the bugs, but few preparations can elude the
motion sensors, laser grids, thermal monitors; probability
counters, temporal shields, brainwave readers and lifeform
scannets. Treat these systems as all-Sphere sensory Effects
plus mundane sight, touch and hearing perceptions, with a
Dice Pool of 8. Foiling them requires someone with Comput-
ers, Computer Hacking, Technology, orat least Misdirection,

Hackingdifficulties aimed ar disabling Autocthonia'scom-
puter systems require at least 10 successes at difficulty 10 for a
localizedshutdown. A totalshutdown is virtually impossible. No
Earthbound computersystems link Autocthonia with theplanet,
although a system of complex relay stations exists within the
Digital Web for transferring information. This creates an inef-
ficientlagtime, butavoidssecutity risks, Information often takes
one to 10 minutes to wansfer from Earth to Autocthonia, far
longer if the transmission is from someone other than an
Iteration X Comptroller. A patrol of machine-spirits (ironi-
cally enough) and Void Engines defend the Construct's exterior
from invaders, and an advanced obfuscation shield (no rela-
tion to the vampiric Discipline) deflects radio signals and
mundane satellite photos, The interior bulkheads can with-
stand eight Health Levels worth of damage before rupturing,
and the exterior walls can take a great deal more.

Failures and borches while breaching any of
Autocthonia's security measures alert The Computer, which
candiscern the offenders' location with asuccessful Percep-
tion + Technology roll (eight dice; difficulties range from 4
to 9, depending on how skilled the trespasser is and how
badly he blew his own roll). A squad of 10 HIT Mark Vs will
be dispatched to the intruders' location immediately. The
Computer is nothing if not preci:

* Balador: All forms of technomagick are strictly
vulgar outside Stim City; most forms of magick are vulgar,
for that matter, save those which tap into the primal
passions or mental disciplines. The Cultists are pretty
exclusive, and don't want any tight-assed Hermetics or
Celestials messing up their Realm. Paradox takes the form
of Quiet in almost every case.


¢ Darkside Moonbase: All forms of magick except the

chnocracy's preferred methods are vulgar on the dark

qT

and lifeless aspect of the Moon. Even Technocracy proce-

dures add +1 to all their difficulties, and occasional
"disruption storms" (read: Luna getting pissed) raise that
difficulty even more. Paradox usually results in equipment
failure; that, in turn, is usually fatal.

Ether-breathing doesn't work well on the Technocracy's
Moon; those travelers who try to do it find themselves

gasping for air within a minute or so. Occasional werecats or

faeries step through the Moon's Gauntlet when they ean (at
difficulty 10, that's pretty rare; see notes for Chaprér Five),
but they don't hang around for long. Darkside Icarus is quite
haunted; the Shroud here drops to 8 under most circum-
stances. During the "disruption storms," it falls to 5. Most
smart Void Engineers avoid the ruins during those "days."

Despite all the problems, Darkside Base is well-equipped
with advanced gear. Technocracy: Void Engineers, Chap-
ter Three, offers an overview of common. toys, as well as
details about the space marines and technicians. Even so,
morale here is perilously low, and "off-the-record" violence
is pretty high. Most Engineers stationed here would doa lot
to get another post somewhere, anywhere else

© The Copernicus Research Center: Anything'goes
in a "Realm" this big. Use your imagination; Serict
technomagick is the rule in the living complexes, but
outside, the rules are as flexible as you, the Storyteller, want
to make them, (See the "Travel Beyond' the Horizon"
arlier in this Appendix for some guidelines.)

¢ The Gernsback Continuum: Eccentric
technomagick is the rule here; all forms of mystick magick
or Technocracy-style hair-splitting are vulgar, my/dear
chap, vulgar. The emphasis of the Realm is on wonder and
excitement, and the parameters of its reality support that.
Paradox, when it occurs, usually takes the form of a).a nasty
malfunction, like an explosion or runaway, or b) a sudden
bolt of Tesla-esque lightning, probably thrown from a
nearby coil tower designed for defense purposes (can't have
nasty mages running around loose, now ean we?). Consider
either form a physical backlash and be done with it.

section

* Midrealm: A Realm of archetypal symbols incarnate,
Midteatm allows nothing but thestnost/ prinslcive soagick
styles. Paradox consists of Typhonvand the Protean Hawk,
which hunt anyone who disturbs their home's integrity.

The Alder Bole's roots and branches can be considered
parts of the Null Zone; they may in fact be the Null Zone in
another aspect. Any place hose /e6pndone can seach/Ag
accessible through the trees and roots although a rraveler
who climbs the Bole must' hang on tight (Dexterity +
Athletics or Climbing, often difficulty 7), Those who fall
from the Bole might land anywhere in the Tellurian, from
Earth to a Dream Realm,

The Fruits of Eternity, the Sisters and Forerhought aré
best left to your own discretion. These powers are immortal

and archetypal, and thus defy simple rules. Suggested "re-
wards" for those who eat the Fruits include full healing, new
points of Willpower, deep sickness, madness, or even im-
mortality (freedom from age and disease, at any rate),
depending on the players, the chronicle and the story's
needs. Those who would take Forethought's place of suffer-
ing must ask themselves "Do I really want to lose my
character this way?"

¢ Victoria Station: As with the Gernshack Con-

tinuum, the rules of the Station belong to eccentric
technomagick. Paradox, however, is not as much of a
problem here Instead; mageswhoscrewapendupin Quiet,
often for some time. Thea has a room set-aside for such
victims to recover in, as the Realm's own residents fall into
that state quite frequently.

SV cia Beatie erowned for mysterious benefactors
who help do the work when nobody's looking. In game terms,
pesivsaacesdactet begins anon-magickal task and leaves it
overnight' it's possible that some of the work will be done for
him when he returns. The Storyteller should roll once for the
itvigiidle helpers; the difficulty depends on whether or not
edibor has been respectful or amusing, Ifso, the difficulty
is 6; if not, it's 9. For problems that involve Technology,
Science, Computer, Faerie Lore or any other artistic or craft

. Unless
the faeries finish the job or botch it, the person can pick up

skill, roll six dice. For all other tasks, roll three dic

where the "help" left off when he returns.

Victoria station's best defense is its virtual invisibility;
planted
aspect of Luna (se

it is in orbit around the Umbral "dying moon"
Chapter Five), the Sons of Ether never

see the Void Engineers, and vice versa. Some of those
entities which call the Moon home have recognized the
Station, but by now they understand that the Scientists
wouldn't do anything too wrong, so they |
Odd pockets of reality-shift (like the one that brought a
sentient dinosaur to the Realm) occasionally flutter around
the Chantry, disguising it even further. Is this some legacy

: them alone

of Arcadia, or just Luna and Phoebe playing tricks? Only
the Umbrood know for sure...

* Verbena Seasonal Realms: As Autocthonia is to
primal magick, so the Seasonal Realms are to technomagick.
Paradox strikes as bolts of lightning, ice storms, swarms of
insects, and other forms of physical backlash. Visitors who
despoil the Realms, magickally ot otherwise, find themselves
plagued by runs of bad luck. Animals become hostile, tempests

spring up out of nowhere, diseases strike, and the Realm's
iobdiddhrervanciencand powerful Verbena witches; seem
themselves.

to materialize from the very tre

is the Realm's essence; all Effects using this

Life magic!
Sphere reduce their difficulties by -2, and some spells may

be considered automatically successful if the mage has a
Dice Pool that adds up to more than the difficulty number.
Autumn Circle is a strange exception: This Realm is so
hungry for blood that wounds will not mend without Life 2

Appendix: Game Systems 193

IDE

il SX ZN


NO Ail

Bi

or 3 healings. The harsh weather around Winter Castle
requires either warm clothing or adjustments through Life
magick; an unprotected traveler may need to make Stamina
rolls every hour or so (difficulty 6 to 10, depending on the
weather) or lose one Health Level per hour (no soak).
Death, of course, is the flip side of life, and worldwalkers
who venture to the Seasonal Realms should remember that.

Chapter Five

© General Notes: As a general rule, all magick is
coincidental in space. The standard difficulty, therefore, is
Arete + 3. Some R

Past the Horizon (which extends as far as Mars), there

alms may differ.

is no Paradox. Botched rolls, however, often cause the
Effect to backfire. A bolt of fire may explode in the character's
hand instead of in the target's face, a transformation may go
horribly wrong, and a life-sustaining spell might end up
draining the subject instead. Old Paradox Flaws often (but
not always) fade when a mage crosses the Horizon.

Any space station is considered a Realm with the

coincidental "edge" stacked in its founders' favor. A group
of Void Engineer marines who board a Son of Ether station
mi
Effe

difficult than it would appear. Common ground, like laser

have the Devil's own time with Paradox, as their

ts will often be vulgar. This makes space warfare more

pistols, jet packs and power armor, are considered normal
technology, and always work.

ffects

Assume that, on the planetsand Shade Realms, all
which use that Realm's Sphere reduce their difficulties by -2.
Automatic success may apply with those Spheres alone

The Realms

© Venus/S.R. Life: Venus has a Gauntlet of 10, and
the difficulty is the same everywhere on its surface. Explor-
ersneed Life 2 magicks (or equivalent equipment) to be safe
in the Venusian Penumbra. Life 1 is sufficient to get by, but
for every week the character is exposed to the raw marshes
and jungles, he loses one die from all Dice Pools. Subtract
the same for every two days that a completely unprotected
human spends outside.

* Mars/S.R. Forces: Visitors need magicks or equip-
ment of about Forces 2 to be safe, though short trips are
possible with Forces 1 (which enables the explorer to see
what's coming and dodge). Without any protection or
detection devices, it's just a matter of time before a big
shock wave or energy blast hits and destroys the mage.

© The Moon/S.R. Prime: The Gauntlet of the Moon
is related to the amount of light it receives from the Sun.
Inside large craters (particularly near the rims) the Gaunt-
let is 3. Outside the craters, in the light (two Earth-weeks

toa day, two Earth-weeks to a night), the Gauntlet is 5. In
the dark, the Gauntlet is 7.
Darkside Moonbase, the Gauntlet is 10. Except, perhaps for
the ruins of Darkside Icarus.

194 Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

For 10 or 20 miles around

Despite all rumors, no link between Arcadia and the
Moon exists. At least, not any longer. The Celestine mani-
festation, Phoebe, can be reached by travelers who pass
through the Aetherian Reaches. Long ago, Luna conceded a
bit of her essence to the obnoxious humans who insisted on
setting up shop on the Moon. She puta false Penumbra aside
for those who wanted to try out their pathetic magicks on the
planet and drew her true form into the spirit world, where her
favored shapeshifters can still visit her. Umbra: The Velvet
Shadow contains more details about Phoebe's hidden face.

© Jupiter/S.R. Matter: Using the portal at the Earth's
North Pole, no magick is necessary to enter S.R. Matter. If
a character wished to go to the Hollow Jupiter or Mars, a
polar portal would work the same way on those planets. At
the Horizon gateway, an explorer needs Correspondence 4
to cross into the Hollow Earth, and theoretically this
method could work going to the other Hollow Worlds.

© Saturn/S.R. Time: See listing; all Time magick is at
-4 difficulty, and has double the normal effect, or more. The

consequences of using it, though, are impossible to predict.

The war raging across these planets' moons involves
nearly 300 mages from the various factions, and hundreds of
consors, space marines, Bygones and horrific things. There
are permanent portals between these stations and Darkside
Moonbase, Victoria Station, the Gernsback Continuum,
Null-B, MECHA and Doissetep. Just when the combatants
think they have the other sides figured out, someone springs
anew surprise. A really wild chronicle could be run around
the moons of Jupiter and Saturn, but the details go beyond
the scope of this book and may clash with the tone of many
Mage chronicles. Good sources for such a game include
Void Engineers, Sons of Ether, The Book of Madness and
The Book of Chantries.

© Uranus and Neptune/S.R. Spirit and Mind: Trav-
elers to these Realms need no special knowledge or
equipment. Indeed, those who meditate into Seekings go
there automatically, leaving their bodies behind (Mage,
pages 31-32, 227-228).

When any kind of spirit crosses the threshold of the

Realm, it takes on its true form (no disguise Charms work
here) and a separate "body." This includes almost all
Umbrood (Bygones, demons, whatever), mage's Avatars
and nearly-Awakened Avatars.

Few other supernaturals frequent $.R. Spirit, but for
Vampires have
no visible spirit. Garou have no separate spirit, but seem

crossover purposes, use the following rule:

"doubled" when they visit (which is almost never; imagine
every fetish-bound spirit in a medium-sized pack let loose at
once). Wraiths become visible and can communicate and
interact freely here. Changelings show their true seeming,
but have no visible spirit.

Marauders, by the way, calm down in these Realms and
sane as they can get (not very). Their landscape

is determined by their madness — Miss Zhao, (for example)

becom


whose delirium involves ancient China, would
China. Other explorers passing through would also see
things as Miss Zhao does.

© Space: See Introduction for rules about travel and
Anchorheads.

Nephandi, Marauders and other wild things live in
this Void. We leave the details about them to your
chronicle, although The Book of Madness, The Book of
Chantries and the Book of the Wyrm offer many possi-
bilities. Sons of Ether, Void Engineers and Hidden
Lore offer a variety of Umbraships, and Chapter Six
contains a few more.

A mysterious race, called the Ka Luon by the Tradi-
tions, continues to appear in Void Engineer and
Etherjammer records, but no encounter with the "hidden
ones" has yielded decisive information as of yet. The
"Demon Hordes" in the Deep Umbra are better known by
far. Some accounts claim they hail from Malfeas, while

= a

others speculate they come from a galaxy whose explorers

have not survived to share their discovery. Chapter Six
offers a few samples of thes

* Shenti:
their own accord. Storytellers can feel free to put them
wherever they like. The Wyrm Reaches, Wyld Reaches and
Weaver Reaches of the Aetherian Reaches (Chapter Two,
and Umbra, pages 36-37) can be said to be reflections of the

horrors.

Gateways to the Shenti form and fade on

Shenti, as the Shade Realms reflect the Shards.

The Shenti of Stasis, Autocthonia, can be found in
Chapter Four. The detailed yet distant nature of the other
Shenti, Malfeas and the Flux, are beyond the scope of this
book. Malfeas is discussed in Chapter Three of Book of the
Wyrm, Flux in Chapter Two of Umbra: The Velvet
Shadow. Assume that all magicks except Entropy are at +2
difficulty in Malfeas, and everything is coincidental. The
Flux can have whatever game effects you want it to have, so
long as they change constantly.

Appendix: Game Systems 195

ID.


Index

196

Aetherial Reaches/Realm 26, 54-56, 183, 185, 190, 194
Afterworlds 34-43, 75, 183, 188
Airt 19, 50, 183
Aisling 19
Akaa 27, 33
Alder Bole 126-127
Amnesia 91
Anchorheads 55, 149, 185
Arcadia 62, 129, 190, 193-194
Asteroids 148
Astral Travel 14, 19, 24, 183-184, 187
Astral Umbra
see High Umbra
Astral Videre
see Videre
Attack Geomids
see Characters: Geomids
Autocthonia 31, 102-107, 157, 192, 195
Awareness (Talent) 10, 182
Balador Pleasuredome 107-109, 192
Biotopia 93-96
Blights 11
Byways 73
Cerebus Chantry 155-157
Charon and Cerebus 156-157
* Characters
Akai 165-166
Amore Muse 79, 164
Angelics/Celestials 41, 168-169
Gabriel 169
Kalina 40-42, 169
Bitter-Sweets 166
Bollixes 144, 172
Chaos Spirits 169-172
Color Strings 170
Vortices 170
Wonderwhats 171
Dinosaurs 94, 149, 172-175
Carnosaurs 173-174
Herbosaurs 174
Prerosaurs & Plesiosaurs 175
Geomids 60, 102, 107, 170
Interface 105, 175
Kid Fears 84, 86, 164
Loors 46, 166-167
Lunes 50, 169, 183
Nemesis 167
Night Terror 78, 84, 86, 164-165, 185
Protean Hawk 126, 128, 171-172, 193
Pulse Units 105, 107, 175-176
Raamas Ka 160
Shanti 167
Typhon 126, 128, 171, 193
Watchers in the Deep, The 161-163
Chasm, The 56-59, 190
City of Brass Chantry 140
Computer, The 103, 105-107, 192

"Cop"/Copernicus Research Center, The 115-120, 157, 193

Courts
see Umbral Courts
Darkside Moonbase 110-115, 147, 193-194

Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Deep Umbra 13, 149, 185-186, 193

see also Space, Space Travel
Demons 39
Dero/Tero 92, 96-98, 192
Digital Web 12, 17, 24, 51-52, 61, 105, 107, 189, 192
Dinosaurs

see Characters
Doissetep 144-145
Domains 11, 19, 51,53
Dream Realms/Zone

see Maya
Dreamscapes

see Underworld Dream Theatre, The
Dystopia 26, 59-61, 190
Earth 146
Elemental Domains 32-33, 187
Elemental Lords 33
Epiphamies 24-26, 43-45, 184, 188
Etherbreathing 4-6, 149, 185-186, 193
Etherships 176-181
Etherspace 13, 149, 157

see also Deep Umbra, Space
Faeries in Victoria Station 130, 193
Fleckman's Folly 90
Flux, The 157-195
Forethought 127, 193
Fors Collegin Mercuris 17, 142, 157
Fortress of Government 45
Fruits of Eternity 127, 193
Gauntlet 10, 19, 74, 182
Gernsback Continuum 120-125, 193
Glens 11, 19
Grand Hall of Endless Gates 26-28, 187
Great Enigmas 19
"Great Race," The 138, 157
Greigen Test Platform 178
Hestilies 25, 33
Hidden World, The 96-98
High Umbra 11, 17, 19, 23-47, 182
Hollow Earth/World, The 72, 91-99, 151, 185, 194
Hollywood 80-83
Holocaust Brand 178-179
Horizon Realms 12, 20, 101-102, 184, 192
Horizon, The 12, 19, 148-149, 185, 194
Ho the Flame Lord 32-33
Hy-Brasil 61-63, 190
Inter-Reality Possession 82-83
Inventium 28-32, 187
Jupiter & Saturn 149-152
Lady Aelida 32-33, 183
Land of Nod, The 83-86
Lexicon 19-20
Lord Hyperion 56
Lord Lysander 61-63
Low Umbra 11-12, 17, 71-77, 129, 156, 191
Luna

see Moon

Lunes
see Characters

Malfeas 39, 157, 186, 195

Maya 12, 19, 51-52, 64, 72, 77-89, 185
see also Zones

Mercurian Cosmology 16-18, 139

Middle Umbra 11, 17, 49-69, 184, 189-191
Midrealm 125-128, 193
Mirror Zone 12, 52, 189
Moon 55-56, 110-115, 128, 146-148, 193-194
Moon Paths 19, 26, 50, 56, 184
Mosslings 130
Mus 140, 142
Mythic Realms 24, 51, 63-65, 79, 190
Mythic Worlds
see Mythic Realms
Near Umbra 10-12
Nether Realms 35-39, 188
Newton Shuttlecraft 177-178
Neil Gaiman's Morpheus 191
Nightmaster 59
Null Zone 36, 52-53. 188-189, 193
Oneria 78, 191
Overlap Zone 19, 146
Paradise 39-43, 188
Paradox Realm 13, 20, 71-72, 89-91, 192
Pattern Spiders 50, 184
Pattern Web 19, 24, 26, 50, 184, 186
Penumbra 10, 19, 50
Pericarp 19, 50, 183, 192
Periphery 10, 20, 182
Phantom Tollbooth, The 16, 26
Phil Brucato's San. Loss 1-197
Phoebe 56
Pluto 155-175
Portal 20
Princess Mariana 61-63
Radiance, The 26, 65-66, 190-191
Rainbow City 93, 98-99
Realm 20
see also lots 0' stuff
River of Language 45
Rugnir's Crib 89-90
© Rules 182-195
Astral Travel 184, 186-187
Beginning the Journey 183
Between Realms 186
Beyond Horizon 186
Chapter One 187-188
Chapter Two 189-191
Chapter Three 191-192
Chapter Four 192-194
Chapter Five 194-195
Climbing Invisible Stairs 98
Common Symbols 46-47
Disconnection 183
Dream Zone/Dreaming 185, 191
Entropy in the Shadowlands 183, 191
High Umbra 184, 187-188
Hollow Earth/World 192
Horizon Realms 186, 192
Low Umbra 184, 191
Magick and Combat 183
Magickal Difficulties 183, 187
Middle Umbra 184, 189-191
Paradox Realms 192
Perceptions 182
Running Landscapes 155
Ship Combat 176-177

Stepping Sideways in a Realm 183
Storyteller Hints 20-21
Travel 182-188
Travel Methods Table 186
Umbral Storms 189
S.R. Correspondence 141-142,
S.R. Entropy 156-194
S.R. Forces 145, 194
S.R. Life/Shade Realm of Life 131, 144, 194
S.R. Matter/Shade Realm of Matter 92, 151, 194
S.R. Mind 154, 194
S.R. Prime 146-148, 194
SAR. Spirit 154, 194
S.R. Time 152, 194
Sandmen 87
see also Neil Gaiman's Morpheus
Seekings 153, 194
Seline 32-33
SES Nautilus & SES Argo 130, 177
Shade Realm/S.R 12, 20, 138-157, 184-185, 194-195
Shadowlands
see Low Umbra
Shard Realm 12, 20, 138-157, 184-185, 194-195
Shenti 20, 55, 103, 157, 185, 195
Ship Combat
see Rules
Sisters, The 127, 193
Space 137-157, 195
Space Travel 138, 157, 185-186
Spires 20, 24, 184
Stepping Sideways 11, 20, 183-184, 188
Sun & Mercury 55, 140-141
Symbols/Symbolism 44, 46-47
Thought Anchor 66
Three Worlds 11, 17, 20, 24-77
Triple Moon, The 146
Trods 79, 185
Umbral Courts 24-25, 32-33, 54, 187-188
Umbral Realms 53-54
see also Realms, Umbral Courts
Umbral Storms/Wind 15, 51, 189
Umbrascape 50-54
Umbrood 14, 50
see also Characters
Umbrood Realm 13, 32-33, 187-188
Underworld's Dream Theatre, The 86-89
Uranus & Neptune 153-154, 194
Venus & Mars 55, 143-145, 194
Verbena Seasonal Realms 131-135, 144, 193-194
Victoria Station 128-130, 157, 193
Videre 10, 20
Videre Mortum
see Videre
Videre Spiritus
see Videre
Vistas 15, 53, 189
Vivo, The 118, 179-181
Void
see Deep Umbra
Vulgate 24, 26, 184
Wasteland, The 67-69, 191
Well of Souls 45
Zones 12, 17, 20, 51-53, 189

Index

197


Gettin' Nothin' buf Sfatic...
TAMPIRE

‘The Masquerade Masquerade

They try.
They really do,

From theTheurges of the
Garou to the court wizards
of the changelings, the World
of Darkness is packed full of
enchanters and supernatural
entities doing their best to
change the world with rituals
and rites,

Those poor guys.

The true, dynamic, earth-
shattering magic-with-a-'k' is
for mages only. It's the real
deal! It's ultra-powerful! It can
crush those static guys flat in
a millisecond, right? And they
couldn't possibly hurt the
mages with their little hedge
tricks, right?

If you believe that, we've
got a great bridge to sell you.

Whether you're a Story-
teller looking for a new twist
on magic, magick or the tor-
ment of player characters, or
a player looking to run a
crossover character for a
change of pace — these are
just a few of the books that
might add a little spice to your
games,

Clanbook: Tremere
Now Available

Once a House of the Or-
der of Hermes, this vampire
clan prides itself on the magics
its members still possess —
Thaumaturgy.

Clanbook: Giovanni
August 1997

Who better to practice §
Necromancy than the undead?
These secretive and shadowy
leeches know a thing or two
about wraiths and secrets...

Gypsies
Now Available

Learn about the mysteri-
ous Rom, descendants and car-
riers of a power unknown to
almost any other sect, Their
charms, curses and uncanny
intuition are powerful hedge |
magics, and their odd perspec-
tive gives them an edge in a
universe where paradigm is
everything.

Mummy Second Edition
November 1996

Said to have once been
true mages, their magicks are
withered now by death, forget-
fulness and time. Strangest and

rarest of all, the living relics of f&
ancient Egypt follow their own

bizarre paths,


In 1997
White Wolf

will take you

beyond the
World of Darkness...

...to the stars.

Brace yourself.


BEYOND THE BARRIERS:

Worlds Within Worlds...
Pass through the Gauntlet, wander past the Penumbra, and encounter an infinity of
worlds floating just beyond consciousness, Heavens, hells, Paradox Realms, Chantries,
Umbral reflections and mysterious Zones spin in the unmappable dance of creation,
Push on through the Horizon, and endless space becomes your playground.
Just watch your step...

... Outside, Within and Across...
Wise travelers need a guide. Between these covers, a collection of mysticks offers
such assistance, based upon their own observations and discoveries, Cosmology,
traveler tips and Realm descriptions fill this book to overflowing. Heed their words;
they may save your soul.

Creation Without Limits, Realms Without End.
The Book of Worlds is a massive sourcebook for Umbral travelers, detailing rough
cosmologies, sample Realms and mystick places, It includes:
* Crossover compatible with Werewolf and the other World of Darkness games;
* Details about the puzzling Worlds Beyond, including the Three Umbrae, the Hollow
World and myriad Realms — Balador, Autocthonia,
Victoria Station, and many others;
* Creatures, vessels, Storyteller Hints and much more.

MAGE @i

Game Stupio

™
