# File: The Book of Mirrors.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


ID.
The Book of N

RRC y

I
A ;

ZL

I's not the tal, it's he who tll i
— Stephen King, Different Seasons

The Mage Storytellers Guide

@ By Phil Brucato, Brian Campbell, Richard Dansky, Deena McKinney,
Kathleen Ryan and Ethan Skemp


Z

NO Ail

Credits

Written by: Phil Brucato, Brian "Technocracy"
‘Campbell, Richard "Nephandi" Dansky, Deena"
McKinney, Kathleen "Marauders" Ryan and Ethan "Spir-
its" Skemp

Additional Material by: James Estes Looking Eagle,
Ross Issacs, Laurah Norton, Wayne Peacock and John R.
Robey

Developer: Phil Brucato

Editors: Ken Cliffe and Ronni Radner

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Jason Felix, Richard Kane Ferguson, Michael
Gaydos, Mark Jackson, Robert MacNeil, Heather J.
McKinney, Alex Sheikman, Ron Spencer

Front Cover Att: Jason Felix

Dedications

To Aaron Allston, whose Strike Force, Ninja Hero and
Lands of Mystery set new standards for gamemasters every-

Tothe VCUGamesmasters'82.'85, andtoGrey Becker,
Bill and John Bridges, Bob Busch, Chris Gibbin, Doug
Lemmon, Shadow Lied, Judith McLaughlin, Libbi Miller,
John and Laurie Robey, JenniferStarling-Shirley, Lee Watts,
Greg Wilkenson and Ehrik Winters, for showing Phil
how — and how not — to run RPGs;

To the Hard Rock Cabal (Darrell Autrey, Deena
McKinney, Keith Martin, Stewart MacWilliam, Wayne
Peacock and "Susan Pradha"), for putting theie pastime up
for display;

To the Maicon gang (Basel, Christian, Isabelle, Jean-
Marc, Louise, Marc-Andre, Yaks, the Martins and all che
rest), for being wonderful hosts;

‘To Sam Chupp, for the title ofthis book;

To Mage players and Storytellers everywhere, and t0
Stewart, Steve, Andrew and Bill

And, yeah, to the old Lake Geneva crowd forsetting
the whole mess in motion to begin with

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
SUTE 128

ATLANTA, CA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets, which,
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and
Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of White
‘Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
‘Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dream-
ing, Werewolf the Wild West, Akashic Brotherhood,
Ascension' Right Hand, Axis Mundi the Book of Spirits,
Beyond the Barriers the Book of Worlds, Book of the
‘Wyrm, Celestial Chorus, Cult of Bestasy, Destiny's Price,
Digital Web, Dreamspeakers, Euthanatos, Freak Legion,
Halls ofthe Arcanum, Hidden Lore, Horizon the Strong-

hold of Hope, Loom of Fate, Love Beyond Death, Mage
Chronicles 1, Mage Screen First Edition, Mage Tarot,
Order of Hermes, Sons of Ether, Technocracy Iteration,
X, Technocracy NWO, Technocracy Progenitors, Tech.
nocracy Syndicate, Technocracy Void Engineers, The
Book of Chantries, The Book of Crafts, The Book of
Madness, The Book of Mirrors, The Book of Shadows,
The Chaos Factor, The Fragile Path, Vampire Players
Guide, Verbena, Virtual Adepts, Werewolf layers Guide
and World of Darkness Outcastsare trademarks of White
‘Wolf Publishing, Inc. Allrights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
‘Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is nota challenge tothe trademark
or copyright concerned

This book uses the supernatural for settings, charac
tersand themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
atefiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.
Reader discretion is advised

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp:/iwww.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games frp storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


7

Y
elrhe Book of N

RRORS |

@
Contents
Prelude 4
Introduction: Smoke and Mirrors 8
Chapter One: Anatomy of a Chronicle 12
Chapter Two: The Storyteller's Corner 42
Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascension War 62
Chapter Four: Supporting Cast 102
Chapter Five: Alternate Chronicle Settings 124
Chapter Observations from the Field 140
Appendix: Indices 154

‘Contents 3


‘Amands slides one weary hip onto the
«ge ofthe bar stool and leans over the brass
Rk sail wich her hair in her bloodshot eyes. "I'm
RQ locking fr a room," she says, her voice grat-

ing like a rusty hinge

‘The bartender shakeshishead and keeps
mixing drinks. "No vacancies. Sony."

"The Yama Kings sent me."

The man behind the counter looks up.
He is arly young, but his tanned face i deeply lined, and
his sandy-blond hair grizled, His heavy brows furrow, and
he bites his mustached lip impatiently. °I don' care who
sent you, lady. You see that sigh™He gestures across the
crow withanempty shot las. "It says'No Vacancies." No
vacancies' means we haven't gat any rooms. Okay?

Amandafrowns. Angry, disippointed, aching, hunted,
sheesh depen ben at the
Stee! Horse on Shangri-& is her only contact"her only
hope. He meets her eyes, and hs cragay forehead softens

"Look, now. Sorgy about that." He throws fncoaster
down in font of herand reaches fora beer tap. "Have one
gon me. [hate to send a customer avay unhappy."

‘She drinks, and the pole brew stings her cracked, dry
lips and burns in her empty stomach. Amanda sets the
heavy glass mug down, staring blankly into its depths. As
the alcohol hits her, she feelsher back and shoulders relax,
andalittle ofthe pain goes away. Aftera longtime, hereyes
focusagain,andshe sees the warped and blurry colorsof the

4 ‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

By Kathleen Ryan

coaster through the half-empry glass. The image wavers
with the sloshingbeer, clearsatlast,and in onecomerofthe
sodden, pulpy cardbolgd she rea
OUT 6,
LEFT *
LEFT
DOOR BY RAINBARREL
The young Euthanatos drains the glass, grimace' Bit-
terly, and leaves without acknowledging the bartender's
friendly good-bye.

209

"Come on in here. Hurry."

‘Amanda squints into the shadows of the warehouse,
reluctant to obey the whisperer. She sees nothing. Hesitat
ing barely half a second, she puts her faith in Mitst —
‘Senex's lieutenant, who plucked her out of deep space to
send fier here — and darts through the open door.

"Stand away, I'm closing it." Louder now, the voice is
high-pitched and girlish. The speaker continues compan-
tonably. "Just push through the blackout curtains — hope
you're not allergic to felt — they're a little on the ancient
side, but they do the job."

‘Amanda untangles herself, lets her eyes adjust. To the
right, coward the main stieet entrance, anold jeepon bricks
huddles next to partially dissected street cycles and
Etherbykes. To the left, cinderblock wall covered by tires,
belts and hoses shelters a cracked wooden door marked

"Office." Three ot four halogen lights strung at odd angles
glare off of a two-story, chromed-steel junkpile ahead of
hr. She stares, wondering which way it will eventually fll.

"Nice, isn't she?"

Eyebrow raised doubtfully, Amanda turns to face her
host. Teenaged, overalled, smiling, the girl whips the ban-
dana off her short, curly, light-brown hair and wipes her
face and hands with it. The black grease marks disappear,
row the grime coats her pale" freckled face evenly.

"We still don't know what we're going to call her.
kinda like the ‘Lookfar' or the"D.D. Harriman,' but the rest
of the gang all want.

Amanda says nothing.

The giel sighs. "Right. Follow me."

200

The room has no witdows. Door, bed, nightstand,
wardrobe, sink, desk, chair all suffer in the light of one
naked overhead bulb. Paint peels from che wood. The
enamel in the sink is chipped and stained. The plaster
ripples and cracks from old drips in the ceiling.

Washed, healed, dry-<lad, herhairstill wet fomp dyeing,
‘Amanda stretches out on the old iron four-poster bed,
inspecting her meager supplies. Spare clotheg@ little food,
her disguise kit, towel, another jar of Mitz''s healing salve,
‘extra knives, a loaded gun and three marked clips... anda
letter from hee teacher she hasn't had the heart to open yet.

She packs i all into leather sagglebays'and crams the

old clothes, jacket, bag: tfto the sink. The young
Euthanatos slips glagff@ouit ofits sheath, concentrates, eyes
closed, on the Eap. Once, twice, many times the old

bowie's at the fabric, the leather, the rubber
he oots. After what seems like hours, she opens
he i opens the taps. A thin stream of rusty water

washes the pile of dust down the drain,
"Amanda lies back, the letter in one hand, her kntfe in
the other, and falls asleep.
ana

"'m still not sure about this. I could lose my job, you
know."

The words carry ofily faintly through the door, but the
slumbering assassin is on her feet and wary before' she
realizes what woke her. Amanda swapsSenex'sletterfor the
sun. Barefoot, soundless, taking cover behind the ward-
robe.

Three quiet knocks.

"Ma‘am? Amanda recognizes the voiceof the gitl from
the warchouse. "Ma'am? Idon't mean to bugyou, but here's
kind of a problem. Um, a friend of mine is here to see you.
Tknow you probably don't want visitors, but he says i's
really important."

Amanda sighs, reaches around for the knob of the
dresser door and pulls. It creaks open. Simultaneously, the


IZ

NO? Ail

door to the room slowly swings wide. She checks the
hallway in the mirror over the sink. Towering behind the
anuxious-looking grease monkey, she sees a face she knows.

"Jeremy?"

"Yeah."

"Come in," Amanda orders, stepping forward, keeping
the gum hidden behind the wardrobe. Jeremy hesitates for
an instant, studying hee changed face and hair in doubt.
Satisfied that the tone, at least is authentic, he ignores the
disguise.

"Better go;"he says tohis companion, shutting her out.
‘She scowls at him as long as she can see him, and then the
floor thumps with her running.

‘Amanda regards him stonily.

‘tAren't you..." he stars uncertainly. "Aren't you sup-
posed to be on Cerberus by now? You told me you were
walking aurea back"

"know what told you." she cuts in. "Someone ct the
thread. Someone tried t6 kjll me." \

"Yeah, well they wont be the oly ones i your EY,
hfe," he exclaims, on the edge of panic.

f Why?"

4 "What do youmean?" he demands. "You wanta reason
‘other than the obvious one — that you have Richard
‘Somnitz' blood on your hands, and that as soon as they
know it, half the House of Helekar will be hunting you"
‘The ungainly alchemist raises his red eyebrows high in-
credulously

‘No. Why is this house not safe?"

"Oh." Jeremy deflatesinto the chairbeside him, scratch
ingthe back of hisneck thoughtfully." Well, they're probably
going to come after Dr. Scherer and me, too... and I hang
out here all the time. I's the first place anybody who knew
anything aboutus would look, ithey couldn'efind usar the
shop."

Amanda abandons her comer by the wardrobe: Busi
nesslike, stoic, she tucks the gun'into her belt and heaves
thesaddlebags onto the bed, sits beside them, digsout socks.

"ve got co..." Jeremy stammers, standing. He pushes
back ablasing shock of hair, embarrassed without knowing
why. Unexpectedly, he finds himself concemed for her,
worried, pitying he assassin. "I've got togonow.2MG leaves
her, capping his fists nervously against his th

200

Two loud knocks.

"Hello?" A man's voice, too deep to be Jeremy's, "Are
yousstill here?"

David Choentersthe room with hishands spread wide,
cautiously, like a lion tamer working with a rabid animal.
‘Amanda lowers the auromatic, tucks it away and shrugs
into hercoat,

‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

"What do you want?" she asks

"Its nice to see you, too." He leans against the door-
jamb, arms crossed now. "I was hoping you would answera
question."

"What question?"

"De you have somewhere to go?" Her eyes narrow
suspiciously. He shakes his head, goes on: "I'm not asking
where you're going. I just know chat this isn't your usual
territory, and Shangri-La isno place for an outsider. Do you
have a plan?"

‘Amanda's brown eyes bore into his. For almost a
minute, she says nothing. From below, the faint murmur of
the bar and the whine of machinery spill over the silence.
David waits quietly, confidently, unwilling olether simply
stare him down. He thinks of Jeremy, confused and troubled
by this woman, and enjoys gn element of revenge in his
patience. Yet, near the end, he feels the same reluctant
‘compassion for the Euthanatos before him, so completely
cut away from kindness. He Fels, too, the staggering effort
it takes her to crust him.

« "Alfright, then. Come with us."

"Why? he asks, and he understands the question.

"You saved Jeremy and Dr. Scherer' lives. We figure
we owe you for thet. And, Lhope, we would take you with
useven if you hadn't. We're all... idealists. Out to save the
world one soutaedtityg: Steay cat people, if you know what
Tmean. Sloppy think fut | hope I never live to
see the day this cabal would Teave ON6Dgvil himself to the
House of Helek s.

David shifts his weight forward, to one
side, one eye in the room, one eye out.
rustles and clanks herald the rest of the Second

henods faintly, His outside hand points, waves someone off
andtpoints again, then waggles "come here" at it target.

"Ididn't say V'd go.

"Youdidn't say you wouldn't." He smiles ather. "Have
you noticed, every time we meet, we end up running for our
lives? Why is that?"

"Hey, David," saysthe grease ibnkey, poking herhead
through the doorway.."Is she coming?" She looked at
Amanda curiously. "Are you coming?"

"She's coming."

"Thate tothink what Xia and Mike are gonna say about
that." -

"Tllhandle Xia and Michael when the time comes," he
replies with a grimace. "They've been outvoted. Now get in
here." David glides catlike to the chair, and the girl hops
over the bed to perch on the edge ofthe sink. "Whar's our


TS || BSD

"Dr. Scherer, Jeremy and Zack have booby-trapped the
apothecary. They asked Mr. Joseph to set one of his men
watching it. Dr. Scherer's up at the mansion, and the
Masque gave him sanctuary. Father Tim isn't back yet; he's
sending a message through the Chorus to Lacey and those
‘wo you're gonna handle." She wrinkles her nose at him.
"Jeremy and Zack you just shooed away. 'm guessing they'll
go down to the machine shop and resent you for a while."

David bites his lip, startitg at the ceiling, "How's your
science project coming?"

"Oh, she's doing great. I still need to hook up the grav
modules we lifted off of that wrecked cruiser, and I want to
fune up the primary thrusters, chey're noisy as heck, and the
life support system isn't good for more than a week yet,
and—"

"But she runs?" interrupts David.

"Oh, yeah." The girl nods enthusiastically. "I made the
side bulktheadsairtighton Tuesday, and Mr. Joseph donated

"Good. Load her up. We leave as soon as Choirboy gets
back."

"What?" She cries, alarmed. Amanda, noless disturbed
by the memory of the hulk in the warchouse, watches
closely. "The old gitl isn't ready for this kind of trip yet,
David."

David cut in sharply. "We don't have a choice. Go to
work, kid. Get Zack and Jeremy to help. If they can't do
anything, set them storing food or something." He lowers
his voice, speaks eamestly. "She's a good ship, Tommy
Have a litele faith in yourself."

Tomy shakesher head. "We can fy her David She

." The Cultistriges, and the other twofollow.
‘Atma picks of exendccogs incest: David nec
by the door ro let hem leave, tums off the lone light in the
ceiling, shuts the peelingdoor behind them. Withonehand
‘on Tommy's shoulder, the other om the strap of Amanda's
bag, he sets a strolling pace down the hall.

AWell pick up a name and bore of champ.
-th€ way down, Tommy. Show' litele initiative, ki

(To be'continued....) $

WLS Z2

Introduction:
Smoke
and Mirrors

Every day you play with the light of the sniverse
Subtle visitor, you arrive in the flower and the water,
—Pablo Neruda, "Every Day You Play"

Ler's talk about stories

‘That's what we're all here for, isn'tit? To

tell stories, to make memories out of acouple

of sheets of paper, dice and a gathering of

friends. To step away from the grind of our

"real world" and walk among phantasies fora

Roleplaying games aren't really about

winning. Sure, there's the bracing thrill of a

job well done, of obstacles surmounted and enemies blown

tobits. Sure, we all like to"

we play RPC

{ don't think so. I think we like bragging rights. We

™ but is that the real

enjoy telling our own stories.
1 to make those stories come

And you, poor sucker,
alive.

Welcome to Hell.

Oh, it's not that bad, really. We Storytellers enjoy it
here in ourown little purgatory. We make the rules, plot the

myths, lay the groundwork for an experience that, when all
goes well, is almost like sex (and sometimes better). Every
few daysor weeks, ravening hordes of players descend upon
‘our homes, demanding good times and great memories.
And we love it. We love the opportunity to take those
pictures we've been drawingon the insides of our skullsand
flesh ‘em out with a few good friends. We must love it: Why
else would we drop our hard-earned cash on collections of
books, miniatures, soundcracks and battle maps, read our-
selves bleary-eyed over complex tomes and arcane charts,
argue bitterly with the Rules Lawyer and the Mad Sl
then do itall over again? We do it because it's a rush
the Storyteller. Plain and simple, we do it because we can.

‘We are, in many ways, the games we play. As imagina-
tivecreations, our charactersand chronicles reflect ourselves.
Sure, they're wish fulfillments — who wouldn't want to
rework the world upon command? — but we can, if we look
past the funhouse-mirror effect, touch the glass and see
ourselves, The things we love, hate, desire and dream about
come to life, if only for a few hours a month. So long as we

Introduction: Smoke and Mirrors 9


don't lose sight of where the mirror ends and our fingers
begin, dancing with our reflection can be lots of fun.

Enough pretensions. Lets talk basics.

Thisisa practical guide. A personal guide. A collection
of suggestions, nota tome ofulesor Wisdom from on High.
Sure, there's lots of "official" stuff to be found in this
particular book — character stats, background informa-
tion, answers to puzeling questions, and more — but this
book's main purpose is to make you think. To inspire you
To help you through sticky situations and offer a few
options you probably hadn't thought of before. This Book
of Mirrors is an endless hallway. Every turn and corner
should bring you new ideas. And when the name of the
game is reality, you can use all the ideas you can get

Running a Mage Game

Asweall know, Mage looks like an intimidating game
to run. The sheer complexity of the setting, the esoteric
nature of the subjectsand the potential for rules abuse make
the bravest Storyteller cringe at the thought of running an
extended Mage chronicle.

Te doesn't have to be that way. Really

Mage is, ac its heart, a simple game. The rules are easy
to remember once you'r familiar with them, and the epic

10 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

conflicts merely offer a setting for some very human stores.
Stories of sudden power, progress and survival. Mage simply
asks: What if you had the power to change the world? What
would you do with it? And what would it do with you? Every

thing else springs from that basic idea. The four great
factions merely demonstrate what some people have cho-
sen to do with the power they possess. The setting merely
reflects the world they've made with it. A world that you,
for better and worse, have inherited.

‘That's it. Simple. Things really don'e look that simple
when you heft a Mage book, though. Wow. What a pile of
stuff. So many options. So many realities. Where do I go
from here?

Valid questions when you're beginning a game. After
all, when you get right down to its foundations, that's what
‘Mage should be. A game. Fun, Playable. A pastime, not a
chore. Hence, I'd rather handle this book with a matter-of-
fact approach than with the usual reality-skewering that
‘comes 50 naturally to Mage. Let's put aside the subjectivity
and artifice for a moment and talk about the game itself.
Let'sputaside the bellsand whistles and speak plainly. Let's
discuss practical things and leave the theory for another
tome. Let's talk Mage, you and I. We have plenty to discuss.


a

How to Use This Book

Asalways, we've tied tokeep thisbook simpleand easy

* Chapter One: Anatomy of a Chronicle presents a
semifictional chronicle, from its inception to its eventual
end. Using che game as a forum, Deena McKinney and
Wayne Peacock pass along step-by-step advice for the
feeding and caring of an extended Mage game.

* Chapter Two: The Storyteller's Corner bringsus to
the game developers table to discuss some common ques-
tions about rules, details, errata and the journey of
transformation chat marks a mage of any kind.

* Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascen-
sion War explores the factions — who they are, how they
work, who they control and what they think of everyone
cls.

* Chapter Four: Supporting Cast details animals,
spirits and common folks, and addresses their potential
roles in your chronicle.

* Chapter Five: Alternate Chronicle Settings sug-
gestsa variety of different backdrops, a few system guidelines
and a range of source material

* Chapter Six: Observations from the Field offers
advice ona variety of subjects, from symbolism and magickal
style to sex and gender roles. Enjoy!

* Appendix: Indices offers reference indexes for rotes,
Effects, Talismans and rules, as well asa suggested reading
list

Once More, With Feeling

I shouldn't have to keep saying this, but some people
never get the message. Here we,go again:

Mage will not teach you magick. It will not make you
Awaken. Iewill notteach you what to do if youdid Awaken,
s0 don't freak out, join a cult, cut up kitties or call yourself
a Verbena. If Mage inspires you to keep an open mind,
great, Ifitoffends you, ask yourself why. ifit makes you want
to apprentice yourself to the Gr: oF
something equally stupid, quit playing and get professional
help. Magick, if it does exist, does not come through the
pages of a game. Keep an eye on where your fingers touch
the glass, and avoid bumping your nose on mirrors, okay?

Most ofall, have fun. We do. :-)

Let's go.

1d Master of Flowers

Introduction: Smoke and Mirrors

I.E

ISS 22


Chapter One:

Anatomy ofa
Chronicle

Be careful what you wt
Ancient Chin

Weyne kicked off is shoes, opened a beer and
bgan reading through his new $28 investment.
"Hmm," he mused. "Modem mages engaged in a
beat forthe control of reality, War cool!" He spent
the next few hours in blissful contemplation over the
thick pple rome. By the time he'd finished, dozens
of ideas buzzed around Wayne's new concept:
fledgling cabal and its entry nto the Ascensiom War.

The next day over lunch, Wayne sprang the
idea of a Mage campaign on fellow gamers Keith and Deena:
‘Why don't you come over tonight and make up some characters?
1 have an idea for nenning a Mage game se in Atlanta

Deena raised an eyebrow. "This game sounds relly weird,
Wayne. How can you make such freeform magick work? Imean,
there're no spell or anything!"

"How should 1 know? I've never done this before, either!
Look, just come over and give it a ty.

That night, Keith created a private detective named Peter
Freundlich, Akashic Brother. Peterwasaquiet, straightforward guy,
not given to showing his emotions, who dreamed of starting his oun
agency. The specter of his mentor, an Akashic Brother timed
Nephandus, shadowed Pete's plans. To prosper, he'd have 10
confrome the temcoat someday, but lacked the poner todo so now
Deena made tp Clarissa Ryan, Cubist of Ecstasy and owner of a

for. You may get it.
ese Saying

trendy local club. Clarissa was Peter's opposite in almost every
way — emotional, high smung and reckless. Wayne grinned. He
could see some "friendly" discusions between Clarissa and Peter in
the near furire. Wayne ato created his own character, Celestial
Chorister Father Ethan Shelley, a piows former Oxford don now
supervising an Atlanta orphanage

He had characters. He hada plot. Now Wayne had o get the
ball rolling

"Okay," he said. "You're working atthe bar, Clarissa. There
are only a couple of people here, since it's just a few mines after
‘opening. Peter, you came to the cub to meet a porecial clint, but
you're a bit cary. The band is doing sound checks. Suddenly, you
both ge this eerie feeling asthe band, Custr's Last Stand, runs
through ther set. They relly suck, by the way: they're dressed like
couberys and Native Americans and do really lame Guadalcanal
Diary covers. But the wend feling starts when the drummer begins
playing this painted bongo. Peter, you se there's another guy afew
tables over who looks as stared as you. He's ot sive hair and wears
an expensive suit. There's something odd about his ees. He walks
‘over slowly, and you se that his eyes aren't flesh. They're more lke
cold glass, with a reddish glow. He smiles and pull out a gun. Let's
see, initisie is Wis + Alereness, right? Rall it."

"Oh, crap," said Keith and Deena in unison

Chapter One: Anatomy of a Chronicle B

ID.

TS ZN


NO Ail

Callto Adventure:
Beginning the Game

‘What is the wellspring of epic games?
Does one jump fully formed from the
Storyteller's head? Or is there some other
secret? If you want to nun a great game from

£4 your first session onward, you've come to the
fright place. This chapter can help you start a
Mage: The Ascension game from scratch,

and offers hints to keep it going once you
begin.

‘What if you're already an experienced Storyteller? Is
there anything here that can help you? Of course! Even the
most basic advice has wisdom that aseasoned hand can use.
Follow the adventures of Wayne and co. and bring a new
dimension to your chronicle. You'll be glad you did

Getting ‘Em Together

1'Ujust go sit by those obvious player-character types
Stewart MacWilliam

Chronicles and stories center around characters. Asa
Storyteller, you can either create the chronicle to fit the
charactersor letthe charactersfitthe chronicle. Either way
works, but each approach begins differently.

The story really starts with the players. Are they eager
to get going? Have they already worked out the whos, whys
and wheressurrounding theircharacters? Have they drafted
elaborate back histories for each mystick? Ifso, perhaps an
open chronicle — in which the characters provide the
impetus for the stories — is the best idea. Experienced
‘gamers favor this sort of game; here, they can wind up their
creations and watch them go.

(On the other hand, the closed chronicle — where the
characters tie into a greater story — might be a better idea
sfyourplayersseem uncertain. This type of chronicle, ideal
for new roleplayers, allows you to control character cre-
ation and your plots. Although it might seem restricted at
first glance, the closed game works well as a kick-off for a
new system, or as a diversion between larger or more
intricate tales

Open Chronicles

Open chronicles begin with character creation; here,
Storytellers generally construct their plotsaround the char-
acters' hopes, ambitions, actions and personalities. You
‘might have a mixed cabal, with Dreamspeakers, Celestial
Choristers, Cultists of Ecstasy and Akashic Brothers all
thrown together, ot end up with a more unified cabal
formed by members of similar Traditions.

4 ‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

‘The biggest problem with open chroniclesisgettingthe
sroup together and keeping it intact without becoming
contrived. f youchoose this option, get ready to wingit! An.
‘open chronicle demands flexibility. Your players have to
cooperate with you here —a group made up of an Ecstatic
drifter, a bigoted Dreamspeaker and a renegade Progenitor
is going to have a tough time staying together without a
handful of good reasons! Have your players work out some
connections between their mages, and let them roleplay
them to the hilt. Maybe the Cultist's sister dated the Pro-
genitor when he was in college, the Dreamspeaker's grudge
comes froma "secret project" that the Progenitor happensto
have worked on, and the Technomancer feels guilty about
his crime. The shaman and the Ecstatic, meanwhile, clash
constantly over philosophies, but maintain an unspoken
romance disguised by rivalry. What happens ifthe scientist
falls for the Cultist, 00? Opposites do attract, after all. Now
you have ties that bind — and pethaps gag as well! Drama
rises naturally out of interpersonal conflicts. Give the group
‘a compelling reason to stay together — the aforementioned
scretpojectfrinsance —andetheplayerstake things

Nobody's perfect, of course. Sometimes it takes a
heavy-handed introduction to set everyone in the same
direction. As longas the opening scene sets the tone for the
game, though, who really cares? Wayne used the dreaded
"bar fight" device, but it worked. Peter' potential client
probably won't show up, but the characters will be way too.
busy worrying about Iteration X to care!

There are, of course, a million ways to jump-start the
action without a bar brawl. Maybe Peter tracks someone to
the alley behind Clarissas club; maybe Clarissa' old lover
wants something he left in her apartment, and has hired
Peter to retrieve it...you get the idea. There are many ways
tostart a chronicle. So long as the tale begins with a bang,
you're on the right track.

Closed Chronicles

Closed chronicles are plot-driven. Storytellers create
that plot, then ask the players to make appropriate charac-
terswithin given guidelines. Say youwanttorunahistoric
chronicle using the Order of Hermes; one mage could be
nobility, another a peasant and the third an ambassador
from the Church. Simply tell your players what you want,
give them a handout of pertinent information (or make up
their characters in advance yourself), and let them take
over from there, The focus of the tale comes from you.
Although this approach might seem restricting to some


players, such games are easier to begin than open-ended
conesate. The characters begin with common goals, mutual
@ ss snd reason tobe 05
Closed chronicleshave three potential problems: First,
you may have difficulties with a player who can't conform
to the game's structure. If you're running a Euthanatos
chronicle set around cleaning out and rebuilding the House
of Helekar, and someone insists on playing a Verbena who
hhates Euthanatos, that's a big issue. Do you want to keep
your plans intact' Ifso, you need to gently guide the player
er option or give her character a compelling
k around.
problem involves the chronicle's evolu
tion. Ifll goes well, the players willeventually wantto grow
beyond the game's original structure. Once the House of
Helekar is refurbished, for example, what then? Will you
close down your successful chronicle or de
ideas? The one-shot ga
demand more stories if they've had a good time.

Finally, aclosed chronicle requires much more work on
your part. You need to have a solid idea of the plot,
The players should know, through handouts or
ssion, how to act within the setting, and should have

sto tay on course. Running a good closed chronicle
requires more control than an open one, so think things
through carefully before you send out invitations to poten:

( ] tial players.
The Reflexivity Compact:

Listening and Brainstorming

Hewants todo usa favor for doingherafavor after she does
him a favor? The mind boggles.
— Darrell Autrey
Where do great Storytellers come up with their ideas?
Are they naturally brilliant and creative, or do they steal
shamelessly from other sources? Where do they get the
complex schem details that make certain games,
so memorable corytellers, the process involves
melange of creativity, resources, player input and luck. You
begin with the ge Jea,add complications, and then
set the players free to tie their own noses.
Return again to the example of Wayne's introductory
with three distinct goals: Get the charac
introduce the Technocracy (the
vin what Humphrey
Bogart so aptly cal ‘dingus" — an enigmatic plot
clement, in this case the bongo drum. To a lesser extent,
‘Wayne wanced co est the game'srules, anddecided that the
best way todo so was to runa fight and let the characters use
agick. Wayne was also thinking beyond th
s he saw some interesting conflicts d

ofa

Chapter One: Anatomy of a Chronicle


TZNY

NG All

between Peter and Clarissa over lifestyles and magickal
paradigms, and he wanted the players to have a healthy
respect for Iteration X. Each character already has some
future plotlines builtin, like Peter's conflict with his Fallen
‘mentor. By the time the ight in the club ends, Wayne will
have accomplished most of his goals. The characters will
become comrades in arms, will have survived a scrap with
a HIT Mark, and will have a mission: Find out what's so
special about that drum!

‘Afcerthe fight, the characters meet, Peterand Clarissa
surmise that the drum is some sort of Native American
Talisman, and they resolve to find out more about it. Keith
and Deena tell Wayne their plans; he, in tur, plots ahead:
His character, Father Shelley, will be visiting the nearest
reservation in the next scenario. Wayne makes notes to
check out some books on Native American culture and
artifacts, and to create a Dreamspeaker shaman as a sup
porting character. He ends the session with a new crop of
ideas ready to harvest.

The point of this example is that che Storyteller isn't
the only creative force in a successful game. Wayne began
the chronicle, but from that starting point, the players
became hispartners. They planned and brainstormed, hand
ing the attentive Storyteller a platter of ideas for future
games. Mingling their ideas and goals wich his own, Wayne
gets his chronicle off to a great start

Using Supplements for Best Effect

Wayne cackled wickedly at the look on Deena's face as he
described the Maze of Ebon Gates, stronghold of the Jade
Demon. Clarissa had blundered into every web he'd spun,
comingon toone of the Nephandus' henchmen and following him
to the dark Labyrinth beneath Chicago's Chinatoun. Within che
Maze, the Fallen archmage awaited his new "acquisitions" —
(Clarissa, Father Shelly and the Demon's former pupil, Peter. In
reality, Wayne had a litle help building these Ebon Gates: a
chapter in The Book of Chantries. In time, a final bate in the
Chinese Labyrinth would spel either salvation or comuption for
Clarissa, Peter and Father Shelley. Wayne could hardly wait

Even the most creative Storyteller with loads of time
on her hands runs dry of ideas occasionally. Thankfully,
there's a 20-year-old wellspring of creativity waiting inside
the nearest game or bookshop: game supplements.

Tose or not ro use? And what to use if you do? That's
1a matter of personal preference. Some Storytellers take a
published book as gospel and work outward from the "estab-
lished canon." Otherspick and choose, rewriting characters,
mixing systems and adding or discarding elements as they
will. Either option works. Supplements are smorgasbords of
ideas. Pick and choose from them, tailoring their settings
and characters to fit your individual needs. You may just
snt to use a few characters in a setting of your own, oF
ight simply choose the ideas as a springboard for some

16 ‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


thing new. The choice of materials — and the use you put
them to — is yours.

Ifyou choose to employ material from supplements, it's
important to keep the focus on the players. Ultrapowerful
NPG (Storyteller-run characters) or intricate settings can
overshadow your players if you favor what is written over
what is played. Ie' fatally easy co let Porthos take center
stage when he's got Sphere powers from hell and influence
tomatch. Keephim in the background, though —the story
belongs to your troupe, not co the "Mages of Note," regard-
less of how interesting or powerful those notables may be.
Keep your chronicle focused on the trials of your players'
characters. The great measure ofa game book is the ideas it
inspires, not the statistics it contains.

Preparation

[e's not murder; it's housecleaning,

— Wayne Peacock

Preparation exists on a continuum. On one end, some
Storytellers like to run their games with nothing more than
1 few scrawled notes. Ac the other end, some folks need all
the characters neatly finished on sheets, with extensive
details and a flowchart of the plot. Most people, of course,
fall somewhere in between

Generally, the more experienced you are the more
flexible and informal your preparations can be. Many Story
tellers like to begin plocting their scenarios with a simple
outline, listing events ofthe game inthe ideal order, describ-
ing other characters the players will meet along the way. A
fewnotesabout important clues sights or sensations compli
mentacouple of Storyteller character sheets. That'sall most
experienced Storytellers need, although there's something
to be said for erring on the side of caution rather than being
‘caught unprepared. Ifyou're new co this, spend a little extra
time fleshing out the plot and the characters. This brain-
storming process — which might or might not involve lors
of paper, depending on how you prefer to work — will give
you a chance to figure out your approach.

‘And then there's presentation, the method you use to
get ideas across to your troupe. Will you speak through the
Storyteller characters and sensory impressions (good) or
drone out endless "10" x 10° room" descriptions (not good)?
‘Wayne, for example, prefers to speak through his Story-
teller characters. He offers clues, details and warnings
through dialogue, and saves objective narration for key
scenes.

Scripts vs. Notes

Flexibility isan essential but often slippery storytelling
art Playersseldom, ifever, do what you expect! If you've set
‘upa rigidly linear plot and the players start deviating from
it, you're going to get frustrated. Yer ifyoudon'tallow them
todeviate, they're going to be frustrated. Sometimes, how-

ever, youhave to force the plot along. If you want to avoid
total chaos (or boredom), certain things have to happen.
Certain plot elements must fall into place no matter what
the characters do, or don't do. Without chose "falling
dominos," you're stuck with a series of random events, not
a story. How can you strike a balance between the «wo?

Scripts are the most detailed preparations you can
make, Like pre-designed "adventure modules," they in-
clude sample dialogue samples, full write-ups of all the
Storyteller characters, maps and minutiae about every
possibleencounter. While they re useful when players ins
‘on groaning sideboards of description, scripts can be super-
fluous; they require lots of prep time and detract from the
game's natural spontaneity. A Storyteller who feels com-
pelled to stick to her script loses flexibility, and often ends
up trapped between what the script anticipates and what
the players actually do.

Notes contain fewer details and restrictions than script,
Although they demand a lot of improvisational skill, a few
uidelines offer you nore room tomove than pre-prepared
script does. Most experienced Storytellers prefer notes over
scripts for that reason; they start with an outline, then jot
down new ideas when inspiration strikes. As things con-
tinue, these Storytellersadd details—unresolved plotlines,
new characters, changed relationships — into the notes.
The hard partis keeping up with your players; there'll be
lots of them and only one of you.

The happy medium involves a "cheat sheet," a short
‘outline of important characters, events and plans behind
the scenes. With it, you can plot out who's doing what to
‘whom before the players enter the picture. Use this outline
as a guidebook, not as a walkway, It's easier to stay flexible
when your plot has some "give" to it. A rigid sequence of
"This follows this follows this i a recipe for frustration —
yours and theirs.

Be wamed: Nothing annoys players more than pootly
prepared Storyteller. Whichever method you prefer, make
sure thar the game keeps moving. Sessions that begin with
"Well, you're all sitting around the Chantry. What do you
do?" go downhill fast. A few games should teach you the
level of preparation that best suits your needs. Make sure
you're prepared enough before you invite the folks over to
play, If your schedule is too tight to allow you to prepare a
cheat sheet in advance, consider whether you want to run,
game atall. Nobody enjoyssitting through astory that you
aren't ready to run — least of all you.

'* The Cheat Sheet

Put simply, a story's plot is really a matter of cause and
effect. What are the events of your story? How do the
characters change those events? Do you envision certain
outcomes, and ifso, how do you manipulate the plot to meet
them? The plot of a good game is just like that of a good
book, moving between events settings, conflies and chat-
acters toa climax and a resolution

Chapter One: Anatomy ofa Chronicle 17


LZ-NY

XG All

‘A "summary nc
invaluable. This outline, a few pages noting who's doing
what to whom (including shore descriptions of the "whos"
and "whoms" in question), can save youa lot of scrambling
later. Before each game, sketch out the "offstage" players
and their agendas as they exist before che troupe gets
involved. The players' characters exist to foul thes
das, of course, so leave them out ofthe equation until they
wind up as parts of plans. Once the story begins, use the
outline as a nt" for the actions your Storyteller
characters pursue. Between each session, update the notes
as needed.

Let'ssay youroriginal apite,
a cabal of Orphans in an "abandoned" theater, a drug
dealing Progenitor, his gang and a corrupt mayor. You'd
describe each person in shorthand ("Rosario, vampire prince
of the city; cll, long black hair, commanding presence,
speaks politely but fiemly. Has control of police, mayor &
local gangs but has opposition among Kindred. Has i
ence over Nightmare Theater Orphans through Sinclair, a
Blood Doll in the geoup."), plot out their relationships (the
"Doissetep Cabal Politics" chart in The Book of Chantries
offers a good template for such plotting), and decide what
ceach party wants to accomplish. We'llsay that Rosario plans
to subvert the Nightmare Theater through Sinclair, the
Orphans plan to host a huge Halloween bash at their place,
the Progenitors girlfriend wants them both to attend, his

outline for each story can be

plot features a powerful

gang plans to crash the party, and he mayor plots to break:
Rosario's command over his office by calling in a profes-
sional vampire hunter —one of the players' characters. See
how it all ties together?

A chronicle calendar is also a good tool to have. Use a
normal block calendar, one with plenty of room to make
notes about each day's events. Record what transpires
during game time and jot down ideas forthe future. You'll
probably want to keep two versions: one for you, one for
your players

Improvisation

Improvising, like flexibility, comes with experience
Ie'sa combination of acting out the dialogue and pereonali
ties of the Storyteller characters, running with
spur-of-the-moment ideas and matching wits with the
players. Have fun with it! Get inside the head of a Barrister
Martins ora Jodi Blake. What would they say? How would
their personalities affect their speech? What if a player's
character insulted them? Get into Storyteller ch
heads and behave accordingly. Running solo "conversa
tions" helps immeasurably. Have a Storyteller character
meet one of the players' characters forlunch and simply talk.
The end result is character development; you and the
players become mo: th improvising dialogue.

Three things to remember when running of the top of

at ease

LORS

a


7

* Don't panic. Act as though you've planned for
everything in advance.

* Let the drama of the situation take over. IF it
seems appropriate tohave the police bust Clarissa'sclubjust
asthe HIT Marks back her intoacomer, make itso. Which
leads to.

+ Trust your instincts. If things seem slow, they
probably are. If they seem overly complex, you're probably
right. Put yourself into the situation at hand and let your
inspiration ride.

Post-Game Analysis

When the session's over, take some time with the
players to recap. Think through the events that occurred.
and the Storyteller characters met. Did anything unex-
pected crop up? Are there characters you want to spend
‘more time developing? Will minor scenes become impor-
tant in the future? Ask your players what they liked and
what they didn't. Ask them what theyd like todo in future
stories. Most of al, just liten. The players may surprise you
by wantingtosee that character youjust "threw inatthe last
minute" take on a full-time role. On a practical note, these
post-game breakdowns are great for planning the logistics of
your next meeting, too. So ask for feedback, pay attention
to player "requests" (within reason!) and take their cri
tiques to heart. (See "Everyone's a Critic," below.)

The Group

This is more Akashic trashalk, isnt it?

—Dareell Autrey

After thechronicle was well underway, Stewartand Pradha,
old college friends of Wayne, came into town for a few days
They lived close enough to drop by occasional, but not close
‘enough to make the tip every weekend, Both were longtime
gamers, and both were eager to play Mage

"We've got characters made up," said Stewart over beer,
chipsand salsa. "I've gota Verbenanamed Stanislaus Kowalcyk,
who really should've been a Dreamspeaker, except that he
blundered into the Ascension War without aclueand got rescued
by a Verbena coven."

‘And I wane to play an Orphan, Gwen Fisher," said
Pradha. "Her mentor disappeared under mysterious circum-
stances, and Gwen's been on the run from the Technocracy
while she looks for him. We wondered if we could join your
chronicle with these characters."

Wayne thought it over. "I don't see why not. Do you think
you could commit to playing once a month, say, over a long
‘weekend?" Stewart and Pradha nodded. "Okay, then just give
re some time todraw youinto the story." He turned to Keithand
Deena. "As long a it's okay by you two."

"Fine by me," Keith shrugged.

"Another woman," murmured Deena, witha sigh of relief

Another woman, thought the guys.

A great chronicle depends on three things: the players,
the Storyteller and the chemistry between them all. Your
troupe, as a unit, creates a unique communicative space
with its own reality and personality. The tone, flavor and
tension within that space comes from the relationships
within the group — relationships which can make or break

New Players

Good chronicles inevitably attract new players —old
friends from other games, new acquaintances, significant
‘others and so on. New blood keeps a game going in most
ceases, but it can be problematic unless you consider the
impact the new folks are going to have. So someone new
wants to join your game. There's probably less to worry
about if you've gamed with her before; chances are, every-
cone feels at ease with each other. The situation with an
unknown player is different; who knows how she'll get
along with the rest?

You could always let the newbie play a Storyteller
character; this gives you a chance to see how the player's
personality and gaming style meshes with the established
‘group. Alternately, you might run a prelude for the new
player's character and see how things work out for both. An
in-between option grants her "player power" over an exis
ing Storyteller character; she might join the chronicle for
cone game only, and stay with the program if all goes well

If the new player creates her own character from
scratch, offer her a few extra freebie points to "catch up" 10
the other characters. Lagging half a dozen points or so
behind isn'ta real issue, but the mass of points earned over
a year's chronicle might make a real difference!

Before you allow another person to join, though, con:
sider how many players you want in your game. t's flattering
when hordes of people ask to join the chronicle, but do you
really want to run a game with nine players? Most Storytell:
cts prefer to run with three to six people. Remember, the
more players you have, the less attention each character
will get

New players can be a blessing or a curse. Someone
whose gaming style, philosophy and personality conflicts
with the established group can totally destroy a chronicle,
whilea responsible and interested new player can breathe
life into a game that's slowed down.

* Power-Gamers

Sometimes even the most innocuous layers get greedy at
the expense of the plot and the group. Every Storyteller has
probably heard a variant of "What do you mean Leopold
(Ortega, son of Heylel, archmage ruler of Doissetep and secret
spyin the Symposium, can't simultaneously ip Saturn from its,
orbit and father his love-child on Marianna of Balador?"
Before giving these players the boot, try to explain how such
actions can screw the game up for everyone else. Hopefully,
he'll catch on and be coo! about things from there on.

Chapter One: Anatomy ofaChronicle 19

ID.

ID Was


Remind power-gamers that half the fun of playing a
game is striving for goals; if a character is unstoppable,
what's the use in playing? While you're at it, you may find
ichelpful to set certain "house rules" on power limits in the
game, of to keep tabs on how power-gamers spend their
experience. Ifthe problem persists, you may havenochoice
but to ask the player to resign.

* Rules Lawyers

Rules lawyers annoyingly quote rules to Storytellers
and players alike, believing that systems should take prece-
dence over stories. They are not people who disagree with
‘or misunderstand the rules; these are folks who've read their
gaming books cover to cover dozens of times, use extensive
highlighting and insist on an archival-quality page refer-
encesystem. Most ules lawyersshy away from the Storyteller
system on basic principle; the Golden Rule (Mage, page 83)
tends to irritate people who like systems set in stone. Even
so, some folks still insist on rules over roleplay. Now what?

Like the power-gamer, the rules lawyer deserves some
explanation when you disagree with his behavior. Explain
that while rules are important for certain situations (like
combat or magick), they don't have to be consulted every
time someone wants to use First Aid totrimahangnail. Tell
hhim chat Storytelling isa matter of pacing and flexibility —
looking up every rule in every situation is boring. If he
continues arguing, ake him aside and ask him to stop. Most
fully upright human beings get the picture by this point
Nonetheless, you shouldn't be afraid to ask the player to
leave the game if solving the rules lawyer problem proves
impossible.

"The Talk"

Wayne got up and stretched. "Okay, let's tke a break. 1
need some coffee." He tered to Pradha as she was walking to
the bathroom. "Hey, can I tlk to you for @ minute?"

She paused. "What's up?"

Wayne didn't mince words. "I think the way you're using
tha rote to turn spandex into kevlar is wrong."

"My last Storyteller letme ust that way, " Pradha bristled.

"Yeoh, bu I'm not sure it works that way by the rues
Here, ake alook. If youdon't agree, we can talk about it." He
handed her the book and went in search of caffeine. By the time
the got back to the gaming table, she'd finished reading

"Okay," Pradha sighed, "looks like you're right. Guess I'l
have 10 think of something else to protect Gwen's lly-white
flesh."

"Let me think on it, 10," said Wayne. "Maybe we can
‘come up with another solution."

Creative people (ie., gamers) often lug around enor-
mous egos. They're sharp, witty people and they usually
know it. Consequently, they'realsoa volatile crowd to work
with. How can you firmly but respectfully generate a rules
decision and make it stick?

2 ‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Ifa player disagrees with aruling, listen to her explana-
tion and consider her side of the issue. You might change
your mind once you think about it. Regardless of your final
decision, clarify why you've made it. Ifshe persists, adopt a
temporary stopgap and give yourself time to think the
situation over. If Pradha had continued to argue the fact
with Wayne, he might have allowed her to use the rote
through the end of the current session. This would've kept
things moving and still let him resolve the issue once and
forall before the next game.

* Player Conflict

Conflict i fun! To paraphrase Aaron Allston, charac
tetscan beat each others'throats while players are grinning
and having a great time. Clashes can create exciteme:
unless the fights move beyond the realm of roleplaying and
‘tum personal between your players. If that happens, you'll
need good judgment to know when to butt in and when to
stay clear. Ifthe players seem to be having fun and remain-
ing true totheircharacters' personalities, things are probably
okay.

There has to be some kind of friendly bond between all
of the players. Ifthings are shaky at the outset, don't worry
about it— cohesion often developsasa chronicle progresses.
If the players don't link after suitable time passes, though,
ask questions. Why aren't the players coming together asa
group? Are there unspoken hostilities present? Are some
players unhappy with their characters! Does everyone feel
included? Do certain players (or characters) seem to domi
nate the game? If problems seem to exist, look at the
gameplay to find out why.

Let's return to Wayne's chronicle for a minute. When
Peter discovered that Clarissa had consorted with minions
ofthe Jade Demon, his iron control snapped. He and Father
Shelley told her in no-nonsense terms that she was walking
down adangerous path. Clarissa hurled back some insults at
both of them, couched not so daintily in terms of their
sexual prowess, and the fight was on. Meanwhile, the
players were having a great time. The conflict added depth
to their characters and to the chronicle asa whole, without
causing trouble between Keith, Deena and Wayne. If, for
contrast, Deena had snapped at Keith, things would have
moved to another level: a level of conflict nobody really

* The Last Resort

Hopefully, we'te all adults here. I's not your job as
Storyteller to play parent, too. Even so, you should be the
ultimate arbiter in times of crisis. If things seem to be
getting, shall we say, sticky in real life, call a timeout and
discuss the problem. If everybody's too pissed to discuss
things, you might have to end the session, but that should
bea last resort. At worst, that could give the angry parties
another grievance against each other. ("e's your faule the
game got canceled") If possible, keep things from going
that far.


One ofthe hardest rasks a Storytellercan haveiistaking
a character (or player) out of the group because he doesn't
fit. He might be a great guy, but his character seems to be
cxldswith the other mages; he might be the "Dreamspeaker's"
boyfriend, but he thinks every other guy in the group is
hitting on her out of character. Either way, there's a
problem —a problem you'll have to address,

First, take the player aside and tell him, as kindly as
possible, about the difficulty. With any luck he'll take the
hint and either change his character or his attitude. If
things don't improve you may need to threaten to remove
him from the group (in character or otherwise). Eventually,
you might have to ask him — or tell him — to leave
completely. Hopefully, this step won't be necessary. If it
comes to this, get the others to back you up, and be sure
really sure — that there are no better options first.

There's no easy way to ask a player to change or leave.
If there's a chance for redemption, you may want to offer
hima parcin adifferentchronicle, orrunasoloor pait-game
for him (see below). Being nice takes some of the sting out
of the whole mess. If you have a totally hostile player,
though, nothing but complete expulsion will work. (See
Chapter Six's essay about sex and gender roles for further
suggestions.)

Separating Games from Reality

I need to go to the bathroom. Hand me that big stack of
books, will ya?

Keith Martin

The bottom line is that gaming is a hobby. It's fun,
builds friendships, allows exercise of creativity and teaches
people about group accomplishments. But it can also be-
come an outlet for misplaced hostility. Each and every
person who comes to the gaming table brings baggage from,
the "eal world" Ifa player has hada rottenday, he may well
take his anger out on you or against other players through
his character. Some issues that crop up in the game world,
such as rape or abuse, may cause tensions for players who've
had to deal with these situations for real. What can you do
to keep your chronicle realistic and exciting without in
truding on real-world sensitivities? What should you do
about the player who's had acrappy day atthe office and just
wants to kill, kill, kill?

First of all, remember that it's only a game. If you hit a
sensitive spot, work through it immediately. Second, un-
derstand where your players are coming from. If someone's
gota lousy day job, he may be temperamental a the gaming
table, Finally, don't hesitate to talk to a player if his real-

Chapter One: Anatomy ofaChronicle 21


world problems ruin the game. You have more atstake than
cone player's bad day; there's the enjoyment of the other
playersand the welfare of the chronicle to consider as well

Gaming, like any hobby, can become an obsession. Ifit
turns into a force that utterly controls peoples lives, some
self-reflection is probably in order. Even pie a
get boring after a while.
Critic
Well, that was about as much fun as getting gut-shor with a.45,

— Keith Martin

Aswe know, life isn't perfect; games are less so. One of
the hardest things you'll have to accept as a Storyteller isa
bitofwell-meantbut probably ill-phrasedcriticism. There's
a big difference, of course, between someone saying "That
game sucked!" and "Hey, I think tonight's game had some
problems. Can we discuss it?" Nobody should have to put up
with the former, but let's be honest: Most gamers aren't
noted for their tact. Still, if your troupe has son
tive comments for improving the game, you have an
obligation to listen. You may not agree 100% with what
they say, but listen anyway. They could be right on the
mark. A willingness t0 listen, either to requests oF t0
critiques, shows the others that you're paying attention:
better, it shows that you care, and concern excuses a
multitude of sins.

* Everyon:

22 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

The Prime Directive:
Have Fun!

"Okay," said Stewart, playing Stanley, "we need w kinda
prioritize what's going on and what needs attending to. I'm
interested in the whole Umbra thing with the trains carrying
spirits of the dead. I mean, what's the Technocracy really
doing?

Wayne had a hard time hiding his grin, The Unbral quest
hhad been inthe back of his mind since he game's inception. He'd
dropped hints here an therethrough the stories he'd run, but the
characters hadn't picked up any major clues. This session,
though, he was ready. He'd worked hard on the Storyteller
characters, the Void Engineers' base and enough nasties from
Iteration X to keep the cabal very busy.

‘On the other hand," said Deena, speaking as Clarisa,
"there's that really cute geyn Chicago. And his master, that old
Chinese man and the weitd Labyrinth I saw.

"For once, I agree with Clarissa," sid Keith as Peter. "If
what I suspects going on with hernewloveris tue, it's pressing
‘matter, one that carmoe wait

I'm with you two," said Prada

Stewart nodded. "Yeah, I guess so. We can always come
back tothe trains; the racks shouldn't go anywhere while we're

Stanley?"


Wayne remained silent. Itwasn't that he didn't have lots of

plans forthe Maze of Ebon Gates and the Jade Demon; he had
‘allkinds ofideas. But he'd been excited about the chance to take
the characters into the Umbra. On the other hand, he thought,
is probably the fist time Peter and Clarissa have been.
willing co work together since the original game. All the
players and their characters seem really directed and com-
mitted; thisissomething they really want todo. The Umbra
plot will focus a lot on Pradha and Stanley, so it might be
a good chance to let Peter and Clarissa be in the limelight
before moving on — assuming they survive.

Finally, he smiled. This was gonna be fen

When a carefully crafted and well-played game goes
right, it's a real thrill. What an-ego boost when players sit
around aftera game talking about the great time they've all
had! So how can the group continually achieve this kind of
success? What are the rights, duties and obligations of
everyone in the chronicle?

The true job of a Storyteller is to make sure the players
(but not necessarily the characters) have a good time. This
comes with quality preparation, by knowing players and
characters alike, and by catering to their interests. Like a
selfless host ata party, you may sometimes have to sacrifice
things you'd like to pursue in favor of the players' desires.

Look at the example: [f the players are really pumped
to follow one plotline as opposed to another, a wise Story
teller would go along with them. If players are interested,
they're going to have better interaction and focus. Wayne
would've spoiled things if he'd forced the players to inves-
tigate the spirit rrains when the mages wanted to check out
the Labyrinth. He went with the players' desires, and he'll
no doubt have a great time watching them squirm in the
Jade Demon's clutches.

Atthe same time, as the Storyteller you have a vested
interest in your own enjoyment. You have the tight to ask
players for common courtesy, like paying attention to the
game instead of watching television or making bad jokes. If
you've worked hard on an exciting game and the players
greet you with disinterest, it's insulting and rude. Ifyou put
big effort into scheduling a game around everyone's lives,
and players continually show up late, hungover or asleep,
rno one can blame you for being pissed. Running a good
game may give you (and the players) a rush, buthaving bur
players is nothing but a drain

‘One final point: The prime directive of games always
remains thesame. Have fun! Whenever in doubt, refertothe
prime directive

Spice of Life: Ongoing Chronicles

Bi Wayne had taken the cabal through about half
‘adozen scenarios. The group had four characters —
‘Stanley, Gwen, Peterand Clarissa — in addition to
is Storyteller character Father Shelley, who served
‘asamentortothe cabal. Heals had twomain pots,
the ongoing battle with the Technoeracy and the
‘burgeoning complications with the Jade Demon.

Now he wanted to incorporate amore coherent
i {flavor and atmosphere into his games. In addition to
‘The Book of Chantries, he now owned The Fragile Path, The
Book of Madness and ‘The Book of Worlds, These supplements
gave himawealthof material to draw from. Wayne devised tuissfor
more Storyteller characters, including akid Marauder who kes how
toderal the Umbra tains, anda groupof nasty hedge magicians who
righ be willing to help Clarissa and Peter fight the Jade Demon... for
price. He also thought about afoe from Stanley's past and ways 0
insert cues about Gwen's vanished mentor,

The game, Wayne thought, stands on a critical threshold.
Now if can juse keep things going as well as they have forthe
past several months, I think I'l have an epic on my hands.

Our Story Continues....

Now you'te ready to explore alittle deeper into the world
‘of Mage: The Ascension. You eel more or less at ease with the
_ystem and the players. Maybe t'stoo eatlyforadozen complex,
‘overlapping subplots and crossovers with other Storyteller

games, buteveryone's ready to examine some new options: solo
and pair-games, blue-booking, new rotes and house rules. This
section will help you move beyond a chronicle's basic frame to
add flavor and classic bits from the gente.

Learning to Listen

‘When players spout some variation of "Wouldn't it be
wild if we met one of those Doissetep mages?" take heed!
Player input is vital; Storytellers who ignore requests do so
at their own peril. This doesn'r mean you have to drop all
your plans to organize a trip to Doissetep, but players say
what they want to play. If you disappoint them too often,
they'll move on.

Aaron Allston notes that every character has her own
"story" totell. Usually, this story focuses on the character's
unfulfilled goals and dreams. In Wayne's game, Pradha's
Orphan Gwen has an obvious story: the quest for her lost
mentor, Bethany. When Pradha first joined the group,
Wayne didn't give the distant mentor much thought. Each
session, though, Pradha mentions how much she'd like 0
trace Bethany's whereabouts. Accordingly, Wayne plans.
outa tory in which Bethany, a signet ring and a mysterious
faerie play important roles. A series of clues, left where
Gwen can find them, steers the group toward the new plo,
much to Pradha's delight.

Chapter One: Anatomy ofaChronicle 23

I.E

WL SZ


Naturally there'sa difference between "Wouldn't it be
cool if we found the missing city?" and "Wouldn't it be cool
if I single-handedly destroyed MECHA?" Most times, the
contrast will be pretty obvious. If your troupe's desires,
become a power-gamer's wish-list, gently but firmly remind
them that roleplaying's not about winning. It's about fun.

The Underlying Theme

There's fun to be found in the dark, of course, but too
much despair becomes oppressive.So how dark do you want
your game world to be? What are the chronicle's primary
moods and themes? What's your mystickal society like?
How do magickal worlds overlap? In which ways does the
"enemy" manifest its power? The "official" World of Dark-
ness provides a foundation for the typical Mage chronicle,
but the shape of the house depends on the desires of the
architect. As the game progresses, ask yourself what you
would like to play. Then plan accordingly.

Generally, the Storyteller sets the flavor of the
chronicle. You decide if the world is one of sheer despair,
tentative hope or light-hearted fun. Reflect this mood in
the stories you tell and in the atmosphere you weave, in the
actions and intentions of your own characters (see Mage,
pages 148-152, for suggestions and techniques). Set the
tone and your players will follow.

From the outset, Wayne wanted his chronicle to take
place in a world similar to ours; the Gothic-Punk element
‘exists, buton the fringes ofthe game. He also decided to use
two very different sorts of enemies: the Technocracy, fac
tions of which struggle with each other close to the
characters' homes, and a Nephanclus who plots against the
cabal from afar. Wayne's vision of the Technocracy in-
volves lots of high-tech and corporate espionage — direct
methods with clear-cut objectives. The Technocracy offers
him the opportunity for high-speed chases, gun battles,
kidnapping and blackmail. On the other hand, he sees the
Jade Demon as an instrument of subtle menace and horror.
‘The Nephandus and his minions could appear helpful and
cooperative while pulling the characters into a seething pit
of corruption. This gives Wayne the chance to explore
"chings we were not meant to know." Scenarios set around
the Maze of Ebon Gates involve temptation, power and the
price of knowledge while the Technocracy brings in a
gritty, competitive conflict. Both options work.

‘Wayne's world becomes a swirling cloud of gray rather
than an inky black swamp. The odds may be against the
cabal, true, but doom doesn't wait around every corner. As
the game progresses, the cabal's survival hinges on the
characters' devotion to each other and their willingness to
make sacrifices. These ideas, in turn, become the primary
themes of the game. Each mage is quite different. Will
personality clashes tear the cabal apart? Or an characters!
mutual hopes and fears hold them together?

The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


7

Atmosphere and Sensory Detail

We live in a sensual world; our mysticks, with their
magickal senses, understand that world on awhole otherlevel
Sohow do you get that across to your players? Description, and
lots of it. Not dry droning ("You walk 10 feet down the
corridor, check the door for traps and continue down another
25 feet until you come to another door..."), but sensory
description ("The air hurts to breathe, i'sso gritty and thick.
A creeping stain in the comer reeks of rot...") Place yourself
in che game world with all senses going, and you'll be able to
camry your troupe along for the ride.

Fint, think about your normal senses: hearing, sight,
touch, taste and smell. When describing a person, consider his
obviousphysical and personality traits. Move beyond thecolor
of hair, eyes and skin tofind the traits which make him really
distinctive. Is his voice that of an old man or a young boy?
‘What language does he speak? Does he have a certain smell?
Justin Leiber once described a child's scentasa "cross between,
baby poseder and a playground," a brief but powerful observa-
tion. In other words, talk about your characters in terms that
make them individuals — memvnable individuals.

The same suggestions apply to placesand things. What
setsone dusty old tome apart from another? What could you
sayaboutan ordinary hospital room that would give aplayer
cause to worry? Push your ereative envelope by considering
senses other than sight and hearing, then channel your
imagination through them.

Next, imagine senses outside normal human range.
Mageshave (or should have) acertain magickal Awareness
‘They can tell if something's amiss, magickally speaking —
weird feelings, prickles at the back of the neck, nausea or
giddiness are common sensations to them. Magick has a
"feel" to it that mysticks recognize, a rippling ebb and flow
that says "Something's going on here." (See Mage, page
172.) Deseribe that flow to your players as magick goes to
‘work; it may not (and should not) tell them exactly what's
happening, but it'll clue them in while underscoring the
reality of the game world,

Play on a character's paradigm in your descriptions,
‘00; a pacifist Dreamspeaker may feel sickened if he walks
past the site of a Good Death. He may not know precisely
what happened, but chances are your description of "a
lingering miasma of fear, the scent of sweat and a riveting
silence" will attract the character' attention. What about
a Celestial Chorus street missionary passing a group of
Ecstatic singers? The mystick may feel her heart lighten as
the music stirs her soul. No rote or magickal Effect is
necessary — any mage will feel something out of the
‘ordinary around such, shall we say, "talented!" singers. The
Awareness and Intuition Traits provide excellent plot
hooks and clue magnets.

ID.

Finally, consider the more understated influences of
the mind. Beliefs, memories, identities — all of these
factors shape our perceptions, providing filters and lenses
through which characters perceive the world. An elitist
Progenitor surgeon, for example, would regard a hot dog
‘quite differently than adesticute Hollow One would. Tothe
Technomancer, the hot dog is at best something to feed to
lab rats; to the Orphan it might be the only meal he'll get
that day. Consider these filters when you describe the
people whom characters meet; a haughty Hermetic Master
would react differently to the Progenitor than he would to
the Hollow One (and probably won't think much of eith
of them). Perception and prejudice shapes the way we see
things, and that, too, ean play a part.

‘You can, of course, go overboard. Too many rich, thick
descriptions bog the game down. The key to giving good
sensory detail is knowing when to describe what in such a
‘manner as to make an impression on the players. Be selective;
choose one or two notable things — the things that form your
first impression — and concentrate on those elements. Re-
member, you're a Storyteller, not a storyuniter. Watch your
players if their eyes start to glaze over, cut to the chase

TS ZN

rellers involv

Your memory, adding to it whe

itas needed.
First,
for various sens

‘es. making a "sense file"
eVerposle and open

wherever you ae, nation: Next,

Your sensory impr
fmpression to the

Whatever you're doi

ressions of that place.

alle. Cl
eps: How does this feel! Hon eco nf through the

How do things sound? Final

—_,

‘Chapter One: Anatomy of a Chronicle ps)


Is, or
Humor Can Be Fun

Allright! That's itt I's gotten silly!
— John Cleese, Monty Python's Flying Circus

Mage is pretty serious game; the characters are fight-
ing for humanity's future as we know it. That's heavy
material, folks. Occasionally a note of wicked humor is
appropriate, especially around the holiday season. The
average Sleeper's suspension of disbelief is, afterall, gener-
ally more flexible between Octoberand the end of the year,
and all kinds of things can happen.

When the Atlanta group's troubles with the Techno-
crats and Jade Demon become too intense, Wayne decides
to lighten things up. As Christmas trees appear in parking
lots and the neighborhood kids suddenly get a lot nicer,
Wayne decides to give the players a special treat: a
Mage holiday story. After fattening the playersupon sweets,
he tosses them into a game set at the North Pole, complete
with elvesand a big man in ared suit calling himself Santa.
The only problem is that every now and then, one of the
characters hears cries for help in the distance, voices that
sound like Father Shelley and the children from the or-
phanage. Thus begins the adventure that will soon be
dubbed "Santa Nephandus and His Barabbi Elves." The
‘group has so much fun thar Wayne follows the tale with a
later epic, "The Applesauce Gang Rides Again," pitting
‘amnesiac mages against a gang of perky cowboy Marauders.

‘The point coall chisis that it's good to take offthe black
veil occasionally. Gaming is supposed to be fun. If each
session is oh so solemn and grave, the players will get bored.
Ie' okay to have some laughs once in a while. Really.

Extra Touches

Lots of small, seemingly unimportant touches can
make games really fun, and your job much easier. Here are
afew suggestions for Storyteller props that give the game an
extra boost

‘+ Maps and Floor Plans: When planning an outdoor
setting or an urban chronicle, maps are indispensable. A
good world atlas can be had for less than $20; many state
tourism offices and city chambers of commerce send out
maps free of charge. Books of commercial house plans are
cheap and come in handy during combat situations. If the
characters build a Chantry, draw up floor plans with your
players; you never know when unexpected visitors might
come calling

Miniatucesand battlemats make combats easy to track,
and give the group a focus, too. Its easy to see who's where
when you have a tableau right in front of you. See "The
Lively Art of Combat," below, for more details.

Puzzles and Tricks: Whether you havea lost page of
lore ora seemingly blank scroll, puzzlesand trick propskeep
players amused. Write out a ritual on apiece of parchment,

26 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

then cut the paper into fragments, losing a few in the
garbage can. Putting the pieces together will cause compli-
cations! Or use the old trick of writing a message with
lemon juice, which remains invisible until held over a
candle flame. These kind of "mood" pieces lend a mysteri-
ous air to the game.

* Letters: Whether delivered by winged familiar, spirit
‘or just snail mail, letters from Storyteller characters to
players' characters personalize the game. The players enjoy
reading and re-reading witty "in-character" letters more
than just listening to a quick speech from you.

* Pictures: The cliché is true; a picture is worth a
thousand words. Consider getting actual pictures of the
places you use in the chronicle, if you can. The World Wide
Web isan excellent place to obtain photos. Keep magazine
clippings of interesting people as a source for Storyteller
characters; catalogs and fashion magazines are a cheap
place to start. If you're one of the lucky folks who can draw
well, illustrate your main characters and other strange
objects or places that are important.

* Quotation Collections: Dialogue flies back and
forth between player and Storyteller characters like spit
wads in a classroom. Take advantage of that! Assign a
"quotekeeper" to jot choice morsels down and read them
back at the beginning of the next game. It's entertaining
and keeps a flow of continuity between games.

+ Personalized Binders: If you can afford to blow a few
bucks, make ring-binders for each character to keep things
‘organized. Players can personalize their binders with pic:
tures of their characters, notes, appropriate Sphere sheets
(sce Hidden Lore) or homemade rotes. Dedicated players
may even want to write up individual adventure logs from
their characters' point of view. It's probably a matter of
personal choice whether or not youkeep track of everyone's
folders or leave the responsibility to the players, but they're
helpful things to have.

* Episode Guides: Keeping running episode guide of
your chronicle isa lot of fun. Enlist the players' aid, have
someone write afew paragraphs about each session, and add
witty ttle. Storytellers can use episode guides to remem-
ber encounters and unresolved plots, while players can use
them to keep track of important characters and activities.

The Real Setting

‘The game's real-world setting can supply just as much
depth and mood as the World of Darkness itself. Make the
"gaming room" a more hospitable place with a few of these

‘* Music: Many gamers enjoy "mood music." Several
Mage sourcebooks offer suggestions for appropriately atmo-
‘spheric music, and threads on the subject crop up often on
White Wolf newsgroups. Dead Can Dance, The Change-
lings, Ministry, Loreena McKennitt, Gustov Holst,


Oysterband, Sky Cries Mary, Miranda Sex Garden and R.
Carlos Nakai are perennial Mage writer favorites, but any
artist who sets a mood without overwhelming the game can
work. Fora more individual touch, record "soundtrack" of
your own selections for each game.

* Lights: Lightingisa dilemma. Everyone needs to see
their character sheets and dice, but harsh overheads really
spoil the mood. Lamps with frosted or colored bulbs e:
prevent eyestrain while still invoking a touch of mystery
Use candles for additional effect

* Props: Asmentionedabove, maps, floorplans, letcers
and clues are good props. Ifa character has a certain focus
forhis magick, like silver pendant, the player may want to
bring a real-world equivalent along,

If your group has a problem with players constantly
cutting each other off, get some sort of "speaking stick" —
anything from a carved Native American staff to a beat-up
‘wooden ruler. A player holds onto the tick while he speaks,
then passes it along to the next speaker in curn. Only the
player with the stick may speak, though everyone should
ageee on a maximum time limit.

* Elbow Room: Make sure you have enough space for
everyone. Some gamers like sitting around a table; others
prefer sprawling on the floor with pillows and household
pets. Whatever your preference, make sure everyone has
room for their characters and notes, a place to roll dice and
sufficient comfo

cable seating,

* Food: For some reason, gamers love to eat; rare isthe
gaming book without a greasy snack smear. So give a little
thought to having nibbles ready at hand. Everyone might
bring something to chip in each session, or take turns
providing a Alternatively, every-
‘one could put money into akitty and make a quick grocery
run before the game begins

snacks for a given di

Food isn't usually an issue unless one person continu:
ally provides everything without reimbursement. No one
should ever assume it's the host's responsibility to provide
munchies. Most hosts appreciate a "free food day," since
they're providing space for everyone to meet.

The "R" Word: Rules

T'monly down to Mauled, and my body shielded my ray gun!
— John Craddock

As described in the immortal Golden Rule, systems
often take a back seat to drama. To paraphrase Stewart
MacWilliam, it's far more important to play the character
than the game. Even so, rules still serve a vital function
They allow the players to know how the universe works
and offera frame of reference. Roleplaying is absteact ul
rake i¢ more concrete

Rules should help the game, not hinder it. They oughe
to make material easier for the player to digest, not more
difficult. [fa rule undercuts the players' enjoyment of the

N

LSS Z

youll


game (and drives the Storyteller nuts), discuss revising or
discarding it. Be careful, though, that rules revisions don't
encourage the players to become power-gamers.

Then there are "house rules," systems agreed upon by
the troupe to suit its style of play. Every group has them,
whether players admit it or not. Wayne's house rules, for
instance, require foci forall Effects and limit che number
of botches each player can get in a single game.

If you're new to Mage, spend some time reading the
rules. Decide what you like and don't like, discuss your
ideas with the players and incorporate their input into-a
house system. Try out your variations, maybe ina practice
session, before you bring rules changes into the regular
‘game; that way they won't foul up the normal run of play

Arbitrating Magickal Effects

Do you believe humans can fly? If so, how fast?

— Keith Marcin

Magickisa personal Art, notaseries of combat manew-
vers. The formsittakesdepend on che mage who wills them.
Sohow does a given mage define magick? How dohisbeliefs
shape his willworking? For a Storyteller, the answers to
these questionsdepend on each character's (and Storyteller
characters) background and beliefs. Read Chapter Eight of
the main rulebook and Ross Issae's piece in this book's
(Chapter Six...and then reread them as often as necessary.

Familiarize yourself with the various Sphere Effects
sven in the Mage rulebook, Chapter Eight, Imagine what
magick lols like for each Tradition (or Convention), and
think about how each group explains magick's existence.
‘Then ask yourself few questions: How could you describe
othe players? How doesbeliefinfluenceacharacter's
style? How does it alter the appearance of her magick?
Encourage the players to think about their characters'
magickal syles — especially what works, what doesn't and
why. The "Lady into Tiger" example on page 181 of the
main rulebook offers a few clues to such questions

esa sad fact that each time you make a ruling on how
magick doesor doesn't work, youcreate aprecedent. fyouallow
a character to use magick a certain way in one instance, you'd
better justify why she can't repeat the Effect in another. Check
cour Wayne's early dispute with Pradha; Wayne disagreed with
the old interpretation, and Predha wanted an explanations to
whyher rote was fine forone game and not another. In thiscase,
‘Wayne talked to her, discussed their options, and left the final
resolution up fora compromise. Sometimes it's okay to simply
say "It doesn't work for the game that way"; hopefully, your
player will understand. When in doubt, look at the rotesand use
themasexamples,orlookat the examplesand "Magickal Feats"
chart in Mage, pages 168 and 170.

Finally, don't be afraid to make a decision and stick
with ic. Aslongas you'refairand consistent, there shouldn't
be a problem. After all, Mage is about interpretations of
reality —and reality, as we know, is a fluid thing

28 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


The Lively Art of Combat

Were those your HIT Marks downstairs?

—Keith Martin

‘After a long semantic discussion, a good serap can
really wake the players up. Still, not all players are "combat
monsters"; long die-rolling fests bore the hell out of some
people but excite others to rapture. Ie's generally best to
keepa middle ground, then, balancing your chronicle with
mix of "cerebral" roleplaying and fast-paced combat.

Imagine combat as if it were an action scene in an
adventure movie. Think about Die Hard, Raiders of the Lost

‘Ark or the Star Wars trilogy. The he-

roesnever gotabreakoncethe weapons

came out. You want to generate this

same kind of excitement, so avoid the

"Next turn—roll your dice again" syn-

drome. Vivid descriptions —

"Bad-dad-ow! The guns roar and bullets scream off

the wall jst over your shoulder!" — adds imme

surably to the experience. Don't be afraid to look silly: get
involved! Combat, in its measure, is drama.

Good pacing is essential for combat scenes. A battle

has to move quickly; long dice-rolling-chart-checking
contests trash a good story's momentum. Players, like
their characters, ought to be thinking on their feet. No
‘one — in real life or fiction — gets to contemplate his
next shot for 10 minutes. It's been said that the best
‘combat system is to whack your players upside the head
with the rulebook; while we wouldn't advocate such, um,
drastic measures, the point — that battle doesn't stop while
everyone checksall the modifiers — is valid. Don't give ‘em
room to breathe; don't let upon the pace, ever, until the ast
foe — or character — falls.

Some house rules of shortcuts can help keep combat
moving. Youmightallow only one initiative role per scene.
For example, Stanley, Peter and Broti, a new mage in the
cabal, ae fighting a Man in Black; they roll initiative and
get 3, 6, 2 and 4, respectively. Everyone keeps these initia-
tive numbers until the fight is over, rather than rerolling
them every tum. Another option "drops" enemies who
reach the Wounded Health penalty; combat can last for
ever if the antagonists keep popping back up. As always,
talk to your players about your chronicle's house rules. Ask
what they want to see in a good scrap. Finally, the supple-
mental books Hidden Loreand World of Darkness: Combat
offer alternative combat systems — one an abbreviated
narrative flow, the other an extensive move-and-modifier
‘option — for close-quarters situations.

‘Two tools are indispensable to running good combats:
battlemats and miniatures. Both accessories help you keep
track of who's doing what to whom and where. You've
probably seen lead or plastic miniatures, which come indi
vidually in blister packs or in boxed collections. Ideally,

‘Chapter One: Anatomy of a Chronicle Pd


TeZNY

NG"

you'll want to get miniatures that look ike the charactersin
your game and paint them accordingly. Battlemats are large
plastic-coated pieces of cloth, usvally available in clear or
tan, marked with hexes or squares. They aren't cheap
investments; good battlemats can cost more than the basic
rulebook! They're well worth the money, though, when
bodies stat to fly. To save time, if you have a fight planned,
draw out the scene in detail on the battlemat and hide it
from the players. Be sure to use water-soluble markers (not
dry erase markers) and clean up the battlemat as soon as
possible. No one wants permanent reminders of that fight in
the Succubus Club!

« Stunts and Magick

Mage is fantasy; part of its appeal is that you can pull
stunts that no real person could manage. Creative combat
tactics — acrobatic leaps, banter, timely "coincidences"
and dramatic placed shots — break up the tedium of rolling
dice. So let your players get creative. Reward their crazy
stunts with bonuses, and assign some sor of roll — usually
a Willpower, Dexterity + Athletics, or Manipulation +
(whatever'sappropriate) contest — todecide the successor
failure ofthe stunt. An extradie,a lowered difficulty ortotal
success make good rewards for creative and daring acts in
combat. Don't let a strict reading of "the rules" dampen a
coo! bit.

People think of warring magi as lightning bolt ma-
chines; in Mage, that's rarely true. The combination of
Paradox, Sleepers and sheer difficulty make coincidence a
better weapon than vulgar magick. Literal weapons, on the
other hand, make ideal foci for magickal Effects. Thanks to
many people believe youcan blow upacar with,
aced bullecor survive an explosion intact "If you're
Mages are lucky, all right. Their guns hardly ever

lucky.
jam, their swords remain sharp and ready, and they never
seem to run out of ammo. Luck smiles on them in other
ways, too; by shifting wind currents (Forces), probability
(Entropy), physical prowess (Life) or perceptions (Corre
spondence, Forces or Mind), a mage can succeed where

others would fail
backlash
The oft-cited Cinematic Example guideline given in
both Mage and The Book of Madness offers you a general
framework for outrageous fortune. A well-placed punch
thatsendsa foe smashing through a window (Life or Forces)
is coincidental; one that makes his head explode isn't. Use
your best judgment; if a stunt seems too silly to be accept-
able, consider it vulgar. Note that Sleepers aren't stupid;
arts movies may be popular in Hong Kong, but a
‘mage who leaps 60 feet through the air is pushing his luck,
‘even fheisan Akashic Brother. The tone of your chronicle
‘ought to set the "realism" of the stunts you allow; a gritty
game won't be nearly as forgiving asa Jackie Chan-inspired
romp.

and do so without risking a Paradox

30

The Book of Mitrrs: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Separation and Capture

"Okay," said Wayne. "You and Myr, the gil you just
picked up on Bourbon Street..."

"Every man should have an affair to remember in the Big
Easy," grinned Stewart.

"Well, that's one way to look at it. Anyway, what do you
‘guys want to do? The romantic Mississippi beckons. The moon
is ful, che night is clear, What next?" asked Wayne. "Midnight
stroll?"

"Istherivertoo scummy?" Stewartasked. Wayne shrugged.
"So what fit is? I shuck my clothes and wade in, but no deeper
than my knees."

"Myrt follows. She kisses you. She nibbles your neck:
And...make an initiative rol."

"What!?" cried Stewart. "What's going on?"

Warne threw his dice. "Apparently Myrt, because she's
trying to stick you with this long, sharp spike. You got three
successes to her four?" Stewart nodded. "And she got three
successes on her hitroll. Ouch. She jams the thing right ino your
shoulder. It hurts, and all ofa sudden you don't feel so good
Make a Willpower roll."

"Uh, oh. One lousy success," Stewart replied.

Wayne shook his head gravely: "Everything fades co
Black..."

Separating or capturing characters can be a hassle for
novice and expert Storytellers alike. Players don't like to
lose by Storyteller far, bursometimes the only other option
iskilling a character outright. Separation or capture situa-
tions also force you to run several solo adventures
simultaneously. Players get bored waiting on you to get to
their turn. So how can you run a capture scenario without
pissing your players off?

‘The secret is trust. If you've always been willing to
listento theothersandruna chronicle that's more coopera-
tive rale-telling than order imposed from above, the players
will probably give you benefit of the doubt. Stewart, an
experienced gamer and Wayne's friend, felt he would be
treated fairly, sohe didn't panic when his character fell. He
figured Wayne wouldn't just kill Stanley for the hell of it,
and he was right.

Sometimes it's fun to let a player dig his character's
grave; even so, too much of that gets old. The player feels

ike he can't make a move without risking his character's

safety. Occasionally, then, its good to capture amage who's
done everything right, but who just getsscrewed. The world
is a dangerous place, after all. Maybe he fell asleep the
previous night and woke up in some Marauder kid's dun-
geon, On the other hand, you shouldn't take advantage of
the players' understanding. Capture every now and then is.
fun, but you can overdo it.

‘A blue-booking session (see below) isa good option to

help keep all your players involved during separation and @


capture. Take curns pulling people aside to cover their

kind. (See Chapter Two for more suggestions about run:
ring solo games and other odd circumstances.)

Mortal Combat

They're usta bch of skinheads, but they're really kicking
Stewart MacWilliam

The definition of "antagonist" is "One who actively
‘opposes and competes with another." Such opposition
doesn't have to result in open warfare, but combat comes
with the cerrtory in most RPGs. A Mage chronicle needn't
bebuilton endless fighting, buta good sense of drama comes
from opposition —or from the threat of it, at the very least.

Acabal of mysticks will face any number of antagonists
in the course of your chronicle. While Chapters Three and
Four present this subject in more detail, a few points are
worth makin

‘* Humans Aren't Cannon Fodder!

Most Storytellers overlook the importance of the man
or woman down the street, or of the faithful consor who
guards the Chantry. Even so, Sleepers need to be more than
mindless dupes of the Technocracy and snacks for Nephandi.

Flere ek Se tee:
das, Who's that nosy woman who runs the local bookstore?
Won't she eventually wonder why these odd characters
keep asking her to locate occulttomes? Whathappensifshe
follows the unsuspecting characters back to their Chantry
one day? The presence of Sleepers raises interesting ethical
issues. If those issues are being ignored, i's reality therapy

Too many players assume that "normal" humans are
weak and ineffectual; quite often, the opposie is tue. Just
because a trained soldier can't pull a Forces rote out of her
hat doesn't mean the M16 slung over her shoulder won't
chew a mage to bits. You can have alot of fun showing the
all-powerful willworkersjust how effective Sleepers can be

* The Unearthly

Spirits, vampires, shapechangers..sometimes it seems
like the world is full of enemies. Often, itis, and an old and
powerful vampire makesa sriousenemy indeed. And while
willworkers can shape reality, few can match the speed and
strength of an enraged Garou. Make the characters lives
‘more interesting (in the Chinese sense) — use characters
from other Storyteller games as adversaries.

The trick, of course, is to avoid turning your chronicle

Chapter One: Anatomy of aChronicle 31


every other week, that majestic and legendary creatures
become just another bit of scenery. What a waste of good
potential!

‘When some unearthly being shows its shadowy face,
don't rattle off its statistics, point of origin and motive;
instead, describe it as a mysterious, alluring yet forbidding
presence of dubious origins and intentions. What's more
effective: the "10ch-generation Brujah with five ghouls on
motorcycles" orthe "burly, scarred man in weathered leather
with a predatory grin and a pack of psychopathic bikers
umbling in behind him"? Shift your descriptions of sur-
roundings and antagonists to chill your players, then let
them draw their own conclusions from what their charac-
ters see

‘As we'll see later in this chapter, Mage is ideal cross-
over territory. Just remember that when the eerie stranger
comes calling, he's more effective in the shadows than on
a character sheet

‘© What Evil Lurks?

Tradition mages aren't saints; some are complete
assholes. Nor are all Technomancers demons; they're hu-
‘mans with the same emotions and frailties as any Tradition
willworker. An enemy is more effective when he seems
familiar; we might not agree with his motivations, but we
understand what they could be. (Marauders are a notable
exception; the more alien their motives, che more unnerv-
ing they become — for that reason.)

‘Whetherthey be mage or mortal, antagonistsshould be
interesting and complex. Give them their own motivations
and stories, personalities and goals. After all, this is your
chance to have some roleplaying fun of your own.

Blue-booking

Another Aaron Allston creation, blue-booking takes
place when players and Storytellers write notes and dia-
logue to each other rather than roleplaying aloud. Aaron
took the name from the blue examination booklets he used;
spiral notebooks or legal pads work just as well. The point
isthat you want something portable and easily storable that
provides a permanent record of the chronicle.

So what are the advantages to blue-booking over
"normal" roleplaying? First of all, bluebooks (or other
written archives) store a tangible history ofthe chronicle.
Months later, you can go back and confirm that Caeron
Mustai did indeed offer the characters an invitation to visit
Doissetep. Bluebooks keep facts readily at hand.

Bluebooks also allow room for the exchange of secrets
‘orembarrassing'‘ofitage" roleplaying. InWayne'schronicle,
Keith might want to indulge in a detailed forensic investi-
gation for Peter, atask that would take game time away from
the other players. By writing down his investigation proce-
dures in a bluebook, Keith saves time and keeps the game's
‘momentum going. By the same token, if Gwen and Clarissa

32 ‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

want to engage in a lurid interlude, Pradha and Deena can
blue-book the session as a less self-conscious means of
flircation. Blue-booking also provides a good opportunity
for characters to keep in touch with their Storyteller-
character friends without raking away from game time.

So how do you start blue-booking? Try an "offstage"
session for one game. Sit and wait for the players to write
‘materials in their books and pass them on for yous replies.
Encourage players to write to each other, also; this takes,
some pressure off you. Or leave downtime at the end of
sessions for players to write in their bluebooks. Take the
books home, read the players' notes and offer in-depth,
responses. The next game begins with everyone reading
their bluebooks. This allows you a lot more leisure time to
‘write a good reply.

A variant on blue-bookingis the e-mail game. Ir works
in much che same way: Players send youa list of actions and
requests; you, in turn, respond accordingly. Like blue-
booking, e-mail is great for roleplaying meetings, romances
and information gathering; it's notso great for combat. You
can printthe e-mail and thus keep itas part of the "written"
chronicle in your notes.

Offstage gaming can be good for the occasional expe-
rience point. If the character accomplishes something
significant on her own time, give the player a point to
spend. Don't let this get out of hand — the "I trashed the
Technocrats" power-gamer ould glorify his mage'sachieve-
‘ments in downtime if you let him. As always, let common,
sense and balance be your guide. (Hidden Lore provides a
‘more in-depth look at blue-booking, and HERO Games'
Strike Force provides the original source.)

Solo and Pair-Games

You can resolve character subplots with solo or pair-
games between major events. Like blue-booking,
single-player games allow for time outside the regular game
forcharacters' personal interests. They make great preludes
to Awakenings and provide segues into new plotlines.
Wayne, for example, brought the Jade Demon into his
chronicle by running a solo adventure for Clarissa. The
interests of one character soon affected all the characters.
‘One note of caution: Solo and pair-games move along much
quicker than games with a group of three or four characters
The extra time permitsa lot more roleplaying and attention
to detail, so prepare accordingly!

Another alternative is a session between two players
without your supervision. This is ideal ifthe players want
their characters to embark on affairs ofthe heart or discuss
the finer points of Hermetic ritual. Such sessions allow for
in-depth roleplaying and character development. Tech-
‘niques like solo, pair or unsupervised sessions keep a game
from grinding to a halt as one or two players act out their
characters' shopping sprees or domestic squabbles.


my

Ax of God: Complications

RAZA

f
C/I (UUW aie

Lo

Wayne held up his lass tothe players: "This
is just to say thanks, guys. We've been playing
Mage for almost two years now and its been
BWA great. Thanks for making my jab so easy."

‘After the toast, he got down to business. "I
‘want to tallabout where to go from her. I've got
plenty of ideas, so I don't want you to think the
game's winding down. But geting the whole Jade
Demon thing resolved has lefta vacuum of sorts
Not co mention the fac chat your characters are geting really
powerful I've stil got plans forthe trains and the Umbra, which
Tnowinterests Stanley lor, but what about the restof you? I'm
not so much asking for specific things you want todo, but rather
which direction you'd lke 10 see the game take. What kind of
flavor you want it to have. See the difference?"

"Well, for my part," said Darrell, the fith and newest
player, "Isl like exploring ‘inner' themes, if you want to call
them that. Since my Som of Ether Brotijustjoined up, he's missed
«alot of the pilos
I'm interested in

ee

i
z
i
i
3
t
¢

zekings and pondering Ascension and all

Keith. "He never really got it off the ground. But magickally
speaking, he's a Master of Mind now. I think he's got some new
‘esponsibiltes — he ought to start teaching. Wayne, you said
Father Shelley had located some Orphans in need of tutor. 1
think that's a good way for Peter to explore his new level of
understanding."

Pradha had been leafing through her new copy of Were-
‘wolf: The Apocalypse. "Well, I wouddn't mind seeing some
crossover stories. We've gotten hints there are werewolves and.
other things in Atlanta. Why not go exploring? Maybe some of
1s could play our mages and the rest could play vampires or
{faeries or whatever. Or maybe I could run another game and you
could, gasp, play for a change? Can't you see Father Shelley
going on a vampire hunt?"

"Llike those things, 00," added Deena. "In away, the Jade
Demon plot involved Clarissa so much, she didn't really get to
think about how a mage lives. Some kind of ‘day in the life' type
adventures could be fun. Like you said, we're getting pretty
tough; reminding us of the power of everyday folks could be a
neat twist.

"TL see Peter getting back to his detective business," said

Chapter One: Anatomy of Chronicle 33


Wayne laughed. "Vampire massacre would be mare like
it." He tured to Stewart. "You've been quiet, Stewart. What
cdo you think about all ehis?

"Actually, I've got a proposition for you. I'd lke to send
Stanley ona spirit ques of sorts, Thisis something you could run
or blue-book when you have time. Meanwhile, I've gota great
idea for anew character. He's sort ofan Ecstatic, an adrenaline
junkie who likes to climb things, and he's got this cade familiar
‘who's always making smart-assed remarks. Think we can work
something out?"

‘You mean you're gonna quit playing Stanley?" asked
Deena. "Who's Clarissa going to turn to with all her problems?"

"No, I'llplay Stanley again," replied Stewart. "But I feel
‘at this pine in his development, he needs to go off on his own.
Besides, ic ill give me a chance to explore a new angle and play
a very different character."

"Lllchink some more on it, butt sounds fine for now," said
Wayne. "Well, as usual, you've allgiven me somethingto brood
about. Now let's haul out our calendars and try to finda time
when we can all play."

The World Turns

‘The pesky details of gerting characters together are long
zone; no more crude bar fights for you! Linear plots seem like
child's play, and you can even manage a capture-plot
withoue players pelting you with potato chips. Stunning
dialogue comesasnaturallyasbeeathing, and the players
freely coneributetheirideasanderiticisms. Finally you're
ready fr complications — crossover material from other
Storyteller games, multiple plots and a litle karmic
dysentery for the characters. Let's go.

Character
Development

Stories and movies are dull as oatmeal ifthe char-
acters never fail; likewise, achronicle's pendulum needs
toswing between character eriumphs and woes. A game
in which bittersweet loss shrouds victory is always more
‘memorable and inspiring than a dozen easy conquests. By
pitting characters against difficult odds and situations
with no obvious way out, Storytellers force players to
think creatively, to realize that no success comes without
price tag. Mage's complications make this relatively easy
toillustrae. The art of character development insuresthat
there's some way out of every situation; i's simply your job
to make sure it's not the easy one.

Making Players Care

What can Storytellers do to make players care about
what happens to their characters? There's a definite some-
‘hing thac makes a player say, "I've got ro act! Lcan'tlet this
character die!" rather than, "Oh well, I'll just make up

4

‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

ters isto challenge them to "a
You may want 10 offer
experience point or 2 al
extra effor

character illuste
‘Natures and Detneanors

‘Avatar look and act like
sit retain?

essential facet of Me

"Two in the main ru

another Hermetic Master." Whose responsibility is it to
make sure players give a damn about their characters?

In one sense, it's yours. Ifyou don't like a character, ifshe
doesn't inspire you to run games, say so. Maybe there's nothing.
technically wrong with het —she'sjust bring. If that's, tll the
player it's not fairto ignore her ust because she hasa dull mage.
Encourage her to create a more stimulating alte ego.

‘On the other hand, the player hasa responsibility, too.
She should try to breathe life into the character, to make
herinteresting. Ifyou dropaneat plot thread in her lap, she
should respond. Furthermore, the player shouldn't con
tinue with a character that really bores her, too. How can
she care whether the character lives or dies if she doesn't
even like the persona?

‘When does "Oh, it's just a sheet of paper with some
‘numbers and words" become "If can't escape, my Chantry
will fall and that can't happen"? Caring about the mage
involves three things: time, challenge and proven success
Romancesand friendships don'tinstancly appear; why should
affection fora character be any different? Most players grow
fond of their characters only ater a few good adventures —
especially ifthey're dangerous adventures. Putting a charac
ter in jeopardy is a sure way to make the player care

What I Did This Sumi a
xs thinking about their cha
fsuch as an extra
‘who make the
ayers write in
kal paradigms,
ideas include

‘One way to keep pl

an incentive,
jo game for payers
Within these assignments, pl

ingtheir characters' magic!
ane ‘Some "homework"

J w does the character's
How does it interact with the character!
eu .c make the player think about =
lage: the ‘Awakened self. (See Chapt
ebook for advice: __ Hiss

‘e*Personal Rotes: Be saa, -
pans i rove the rotes for: shared use in! neh oo

or Mie to My Mentor: Mentors can ad 2 lt 19
Sike-They may callforhelp ot send amine wae
aon thet puis The player mish ene

hermentor: andleci kno rahaeng

© Me and My Avs

of her

storylines. Th
ddogs co keep
cendanoterohermentrandles hy

oe Ties this might inspire pat Then
te a er umencor dialogs a tae seek sain
"Tlcarating how the mentor' personality a

from the character's own.


SE_——_-apMoryD eyo Atworeuy -2up sdeys

Hoye, atp yuo s1 a]>!UaryD &
1 ppe Aayp Josey aya (aardeyp axau amp ur Dy y'g yp 298)
yustu2auoout w9s Sew ary 242 Jo sjoor ay 9)!yA\ ‘SUES
43n04 tt s9] (as pey>rBiews 30 1903 J 3]ou 4p a30UST 3,40)
SPHOMIDYIO ay? O1UT 10""*PYOM
242 punose sfausnof os pea] ue siyp ayy] Soummuaapy "wed
-oxd snura anbyun sadapy [enas}, e punose aajoaas pjnoo
aimuaape Jo 0S Ze[LUMS y "soUApYUoD-ys safeM 942
6 yen asso ag Aew 2} ang ‘expres a,ustj]989t>Ism 9O4s
242 Ajjeameny -axoyds mau 8 on wy apni yi s9notfaq 24
2e4p 33snu 2994s Jo 99aId S89} 014d B10} FuIy}D4eD8 JOIst40y>
ens2]20) yp aurtiewy "1o0y anbrun seA0asyp 40 a1ea89 sHaI3e
sey Bump] Aq SoUeUDds 21qeKO{UD 21U0 916219 9XONK
‘ured pur 29yuu9es yeuosiad yay paseyind
UY Ue se 3>iFeU Jo 2daoU09 494 say auNpodo.d aWOsaNIa
2p "Ng pew ayy sasn ays auN AxsAa sue 304 OTT
soypuesosdaop sino toma sez9ppnyssio1 see s9yR094 | "0s
por ured paroryur-yjassesn pur "y>isiew say axejmumas ston
Jesus 1e4p $9A919q 9YG USUO|SA9p A]se9 394 paUaNY Ut
Asers0g JO 2S 3Xp Yop ‘ueYdIO UE s,uaNg "IUDZaIP
3q 01 paiuem eyperg "od uost-wse> e pey Aa[urIg ‘nog
4105 s9}88038 soup poy jfeuiNg ‘suonIpely, st94p 405 ye>tdAs
10 2804p suD}DeUKYD 24D Jo sous ‘SuIe s,aUde Ay UL
{Aeyd 01 uny yp09
Jo wOReUIquios ap st puY jZ>IDeEyD ax 404 asuas ayOUE
bojayp0q_jareudoudde st j23j 496oyd aya so0p 2]4as expiBeus
EY, [81408 Jo J2qou w ay S140 s9]n4 OTTO} 2y $90q];444dosO}
yd s,uommpeay, siy s 24 -2]4as pure wiipesed yex>Bew
ssmiverey sty suruexe sahe|d ayp Burdjay Aq weIg
aarewoseg [exqwy Ue BuypyIng 193 sN20} 899 242 9q 100
ews pooja 229 jo 11d w ut poxeu Sujouep reyp 19423 Jo uog
aq asurauo> ‘sayjaxdioag ayp ‘nok ued Woy ang ‘suRe8 ays
'U!120j 205 Sona pu swapy jo AaUD|d sHdyo (}gT-Ig] sasied)
yooge|m aBeyy at, yay]99 fex>ISeu pue aipayeouy‘ainaqND
sga1deieyp v 199491 pjnoys so[Are jexPHEW pue 1904

10,4 pur sa]Xpg Jeyxo1SeW.

(ssautioud 138
84> 10} S2Uy{opind aa1sua1x9 s19y0"'7¢7-977 said BEY)
jypoows uni prp z9a9u y>1seyy ant Jo peor ayy suare2ey>
Spuey s1a4e[d ing 10} due> 1009 # ap Aoud s2]3e38q0 3410
ue suoraeidu ‘suorsonasut (J009 siy2 Jo om soxdet{)
32s) sfurpeag -wuauuarysyus so1se1ey> 10 Suy4ejdajor
lueyp ssa] 42} sonew pInoys ssuTod aouay9dK> y>Iya
ur suo "ianew ruas9ytp 2]oys ws! UON¥ONp EADIE,
.OX0U op | ue> rey, WEI 2xaU suaddey 224),
anoge 2uour 2189 Aj qeqoad [pum suadejd sossauitoxd ap>tuony>
yp sy ‘S8pajmouy sitp Suns2yas jo dem s.uuorshs axp st
sued sor eseyp Sursqey "MOUy O1 WOYD 40} YonNA Os 5,a14p
-ssne2aq 4jduns ‘aes sitp ae aouayodxa Sum38 uo zou
‘noo 4|qeqoad yt sio4eyd ayy "sanyje puesoy ange
luo s9Up ‘pom ayp Jo ssouENU UR JaAOIsIp PaUDLIOYy
aU "dieyss aauno Suyusea] aya ‘aposuouy>e us uo dyzeg

‘weil ayp Jo Suruurfoq ayp ae paseysind wey
stuaa2 yBnonp poruess 1mnaq are sump Yang "sossasBosd
2]pruonyp ayp se adeys 26) UR YIYs ‘sMe]y puE HED,
ue spunosiypeg yuu 1soq som polpaw sy] "euIMIEIS
Jo upBuang s,a8eu axp aster 0} 1944103 9)q1SU98S_ ‘Ayse|NBO
ano Suppo sf so1seeYD 194 1eYp Saou aAuyA B JE SONI
ay Sujsiex Jo} ann spjoy awes ayy "sutod aouauadx>
4anoy 02 oma fensn ax weYp saypex So!tfog AaIEY 40 910]
28e/y ul asa 1020p vuIaYp anion asooyp ays ay >]duNEXd
20} ‘daisssiog Suojdxa uotssos Suu anus ue auads
sraAejd §auk9y J] "siutod 2uan.adxa Jo pearsur sase=sout
20 sured. 2yt9ads preme 01 nos swojpe wondo ZyOUY
Sun ® 79ue U9A9 29A9u S.9R2EIE49
2dy way 2107 AuuNy BUIing Woy saepd v sUdAaLd
SILL sSunp wou wea] safeunsrat Moy Ayusnt ssaKefd snk
axeus tad gsurey 19yR0 pue sonqTIgly anoge 2eHL
‘uotss9s 1ad syujod ano uexp ay0ur
‘aa}8 3oxou ang ‘azow oma so uIod e quuoMm 9q pynoystAstOIsy,
Jensnun :ye30) aum-sd pool v st suiod da1y2 02 3UQ)
‘aye] watp Aq >>us pue a}>tuory> aup yo saiiers Ayse9 a4p
‘ur soujapins jayosn owi0s 135 "wajqoxd siyp pone oy ueds
34 ue 21 Moy anwH] 30 ‘30uaHadxD Uo 332q 1n>:NOK OG ZI
-amod 001 Suni98 ers siaxeyd uaye op NOs OP ey,
{aegapis
325) .omawoy, 10 sae ojos aH] aouayadxa aso} aqp dn
ayeuor sonrunioddo sayio wotp 1940 0s{8 WED MO "PAID
-21 souepuane uF siokejd ap sastp At9a9 20} aUiod auO
Avs s1seq aftenuaziad v uo aouptiadxo sioe)d asayp SurArB SL
Uuonnjos 9uQ juoyp aaye aououadxs Sumpueme Soop MOH
juoyssos Auaaa pusne 2,ue> oym siae}d anoge IY
"uals
pease 94,004 siuiod 3909 392101 ueyp aouatiadx9 210120}
‘90uey e Yaya umes zatpoue uns o3 J9Ise9 (ons. :UOHINED
Joop is ay Uo 41g "Aes uazaypp Afpiaqdmo9 e wy Hos UDI
‘sBuryp ‘spuey snok uo siaaseyy pauses Apu aAeY NOK JE
‘puey sayp0 ay2 uO "ynoUD a, ust 8 Atoas rofeW e Jo UoIs
-ny>uo> ay 20) autod au0 Sura wey Ap{oIMb uED| |],N0,,
3019 pur Jen Jo 1oew e st 9ouDHadxe supreny
‘ajaquoay> 24}29ds snOK 21Ns 0»
sy] snp puedxg "siutod souauadxo Surpreme 30} souyjapind
DIseq aWlOs s9AI8 yooqayns atieyy ay2 Jo auIN JaKdeyD)
sso00ud ays uy siadepd 24p apnyau on ano nok "9A9Koy,
‘sJoruozy> eFuruunajosizadse saxo sou YatAse!souaLadxe
uyaif 10) sprepurns timo srayp 195 01 past ssayj>uog

gous}iedxy
Sulpuodg pue Sulpreay

urkeydajor san9q
‘yBnoxyp nos premax ays Surgrowos ysyduoo7" jpemoe ueD
sp sereyp s2y sonaypaq sadeyd ay yy asd 2p e8U0IO)
‘gata azep youny peg e jo ano Aem Joy 362 2ys pic] epMEX
-ey fiunfedurer atp.1e9yap Aypoisadxoun sax2e7e4> 94p PIC,
‘yom pay ua9g 94,4042 gt Apseqnonaed "sassanons autos 1aye
sdoyaaap Aijensn puog iaisereyp/soAeyd poo *Ayjeuty


j

IIa

NO? Ail

Crossover Games

‘There's a big, hairy, Irish problem over there.
— Wayne Peacock

Crossover games bring other denizens of the World of
Darkness into the characters' lives. Imagine the look on a
players face when you tell him his mage's girlfriend just
turned into 2 hulking, clawed monstrosity. Vampires,
werewolves, wraiths and changelings mean trouble for the
‘Awakened. Vampire: The Masquerade, Vampire: The
Dark Ages, Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Wraith: The
Oblivion and Changeling: The Dreaming offer reams of
source material for the enterprising Storyteller. Pull afew of
these supernatural creatures into your chronicle and watch
your players eye the shadows.

Crossover games also provide an element of discovery
that may be lacking in more advanced chronicles. After
certain point, the mages probably aren't going to be too
surprised by Technocracy, Nephandi or Marauder tricks.
But consider the local Kindred coreries or Garou septs:
‘What happens when the interests of the dead conflict with
those ofthe living? What if the mages blunder into a clash
between noble and commoner fae? Suddenly the characters
have entirely new societies and creatures to discover. And
what fun for you if the players have never been involved
with other Storyteller games. They'll be just as clueless as
their mages!

If the players and Storyteller are familiar with other
World of Darkness games, they may enjoy playing wraiths,
cchangelings, vampires or werewolves alongside the cabal
(with a semiplausible rationale, of course), Quite often,
mages and other beings share goals that cal for temporary
alliances; chis also gives players a chance to experiment
with something new.

Two problems plague crossover games. First of all,
while you don't have to leam an entirely new rule system,
you do need a new perspective on the world. Other
supernaturals have unfamiliar powersand different cultures
toconsider. This takes a lo of time to do well! A Wendigo
will not understand what "Paradox" is, and a Son of Ether
won'ttalk about the Wyrm. Asa Storyteller, you mightfind
it easier to leam by playing in another Storyteller game,
perhaps as a guest character. This will give you familiarity
with the powers that other creatureshave as well sa fel for
the different games.

The second problem isthe "buddy factor." Some play-
cers assume that everyone will do anything for an ally. This
is far from teue; each species — hell, each tribe, clan,
Tradition, whatever —has prejudices and preconceptions,
most of which are rooted in experience. A werewolf will not
leva mage draw "just little Tass" from his Sacred Grounds,
and no vampire will risk offering a bit of blood to the mad
sorcerer who calls it "Quintessence"! Likewise, characters

36 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


LE appwuoNE eyo Kworeuy |uQ sadeye)

ay ut doaqs
1 aaey jim adnon anos pue nok ‘pag sup apews 94,004 22u0
eu soquiautos asn{"2]>ruory> anoG "pe 19ye 5131 IsOq AUT
‘no en yatm paacoud uayp ‘AyyBnosoIp J9A0 woIs}D9p INK
UY ‘suonsonb s240 Auew pue asaya somsute o1 pasedaxd
9g {[eouad ur Sumas oA r>9ye pul ‘soq>!UOsYD azMIny
2bediu suorsto9p anos J]. WOH [YA 20) sIs9zFUeW! YOIsLEID
Sy Moy siaiDesey> Surpuarsy axp 02 ureydxa o2 posedaud
nok any jauapadasd e Bumias ag [N04 az1]eaz NOK Op I0U JL
{9ppIuaIy> a4 SuIsop> nos ary j>xey NOK op suoseas HLA,
‘spuadap 2ey2 :s1 zamsue ap puy ,ipuadsy sia1>eIEyP ay
23] | PINOy, ‘sJ9sIno4 Jse.01 axe4 OsI0 ],NOA AypONAUIA
jsredaaig
sPaye UOIsUBDsy SSOP MOF, [UOHDE) 10 YoRUAALOD "UO!
"1ped | ano on Burpioave ajo 1uaraypp v uo 9yRA UOIsUBIY
S90] {uoisuassy UT 2pou sere aya Srey, {JEUI9IK9 40
Jeusoiun ‘jesi2qrun 20 [euosiad uorsua>sy s] :9pn|>ur ys
Buryjor worssnasip ayp 198 01 suonsanb awog ‘2912849 Ut
suojssnostp pea] 40 shessa a1um siakeyd anos 29] ‘awoy zutod
yep Fung oY -Apuaiayrp 11 soypeoudde a8eus ypeg -]208
wuosiad e pu ssazord yeuosiade yeayae's| uorsuaasy
suowidojaaap san>8seY> £0) 39ppO}
o9pod oavy nos ‘smu "sae [JM ap tuCRYD atp Ut a4! Ot
‘ae saueyp pur ‘sraxoezey> pur suakejd yioq wou uonsonb
siya aeay jj,nog jhemdue uorsuadsy 5} 4294 axp Tey
yporeog uke —
jnsoud posoai8 v so Kioddys 50,944

uolsusasy

(aadojaaap
sa8eyq oxy a>1ape yeonsead suios 10) sardey> 2xau 94
ag) ‘aJonuosy> ano pue nos uo UMop sfiuissojq Wrest AS
2p Ui po 29/Juu0Ig ayp pue warp asp) "sWeS saXpIo Aue
‘woyy uede aBeyy 12s 164s soumxo1 pu sSuruose2s anbrun ase
‘euuzey pur siaqny ‘soueuosay siaddoyssess waquusttay
-ssoqruuad pue aueuifard 194 39] 24]
ayrpased e ur yp any> ou sey ay pur ‘uauryas99 01 wy soBu3}
-qeyp (Auiaug aurod-aay v) ypu jnoMod w uayse 392
s,oipeuey>euo>j0o]a4p auisleuy sys 20} wasB axesates Ae
Aueyy "2uo sip ur ewes peg deas aysrus ayy snoraaud v ut
Aarpoue awos panturwo> oy affeu € 003 Uno» s9A] ase
{4d)9420} 821d ax0u8 Aaya pip 0 spry ss9]onp> 20s nod >Y,
Aatp pig "euney peg, pu ,poo', siarzerey> axp yo Ajyed
ve daay ‘siausers 04 zaure8 w Wy sp 230 NOK WE MOY Og
‘ao jm Aaya "Ayjemauaaa ang "auH2pHf
2no4 unpia swo> 104 Kew stuawystund pue spuEAs aL
‘paystund aq ],nos ‘wey op nos p spapsem23q 1], N0k "Paap
[poole op nos jt 'spros 2410 UT Ppunoe saus0> punose $308
eye exp suwow a "Apureyd ang "sy>yj9q snorSyya1 npuryy pue
2sippng Woy sowo> unror 24 J "TULY s,>19%p ‘AIPEUL

JRyiomod azo pur asour mox8 siarene4> 24
se Ayjetsodse ‘pura ut snp qe daay ‘sayjaaksoag v sy "ays

2yyeur },ussop aysiu ‘aBeyy Uy "UoRonnsap-yj9s "AfoxeMN |
pPue aunjrey yo avy ‘2ouapyuosx9a0 "suqny o1 sped] ey? 24,
Burqury,| 1940 sueS "Buos,yy 11.7724 KIO fo DugDs Kao
24 say ue> Aoyp ‘rysnoyp &asnf Yar jsdinaBuy Axa atop
2e sqy81s ovur suo wM 02 samod ayp aAey AY "PON.
aup aBuey> Ayjezaar] Aayp ‘ype ayy sUqNY Jo 1g e Woy,
ays | uppromade Suppo prey ey" Oge AUG NOG
Puy "Ife & 21099 apd uayo ‘apud aayssaox2 st SLqNH 3
Jo paeay 94,004 axe ssoueyp "ypoga0yy 10 ans20~) smapf peat
‘aa,nok jp daouos seryusey as0w e Afgegoud st suQnH
‘yp9y 02811 raysv9 auf Pu ‘St
aoueuosoy 1] saBuoNs ay ‘uONE>9] 10 UNDE Ue [eA>DHSAUL
a10m ay Yy>ysew Jo wane axp sv ‘aouasoid v sv pearsu
2y ozyjensia ‘Aajear Jo ysepppeq v se aouEUosSy am>1d
2,uop ang ‘eoueuosoy jo Uo} © ‘Am si U's} XOPEIEY,
2e\R 2y1] SoH 2UEUOSDY
[eprBeyy swesaqp jjoursyyim aunysad sues ayp yata ajdood
‘og ou pur ‘3a sey s91¥9M ay Z947e sIaBUN] 10295 24 | 001
‘saftueyp 2} ang "2]QeztuBoo91 ys sa] Toadse sou ApyS
e uo say aunpiad yp "urys Uo payons su saye ‘oumpsod
uy & 99 01 7ouEUOSDY aUIEEWIT "UM UI IBY YOY OD 89,
soounog,, MoyaUos a} BuPpOMI|EN Ysnostp Pliom axp siTayE
phish e uayye 29949 3uErIWIO0g e Ayduslsst ouDUOSY,
‘uupa jo asoureyd aup ur way yo Yor
anoge Ye $97 "Auoas aajresadood *xa}dwo v 01 Buryjos
201 215eq woy sassaifiond a sv Ayzejnoned ‘2]>qU0RY> aBeyy,
Aue Aqseau or yenuso sunaa 4yons aaxya :s} zoMsue yDIN
y Aewdue ‘wuurey pur sugny ‘soueuosoy 219 ayn,
unseyy (ay —
au py 0 Bunce 5 zomooyy ut yun |

Ue pue SLIqn}] ‘aoueUOSaz,

(sansst 2980
-ss019 2240 40} ‘OW SdoMdeyp 2xau axp 99g) "9|atuoLyD
4anof 305 UDUID]D MOU UDDY  2AeY |I,NOK aE ssoUEYD
pu ‘ouo Sumioddns w pue szisexey> fentiao & uadMI0g YOR,
-Sunsipayp doayy 1yBt]aun] stp Boy sistuoseuE MoU anE1q
242 29] 01 Asea AIquua 3] -SoBeu! a sisiuosROLd UIE
yp 2eya 198) a¢p JO 248} 280} 3,uop ‘sIaL2EIey> UNsOddns
se sfuraq 29420 ym awed aBeyy w st rUEM nod EYRE j
‘puey sono 242 UC 2} 10} 08 ‘auraYps pues8 a4p UI Yenba aze
soudej puesiyom|fim y>ryse ur 9|>TuORy> Buy|aBueyS pue
aeyy poxtw e uns 02 1ueM nos J "ales I9IUDD Ie SPPASKL
ayn dooy ang ‘uuosey uny aqeur saumeas> 4240)
hom [eroynaze Ue UF ,soss8]9 J9IDENeYD,, 1001
‘sBurag jeamvusadns snouoishu Sunseyd as,cayp reyp siaceyd
sno purwioy "sowe8 1990sso1> ur TUsWa2.0pUTOL TUEISUOD
speau ‘sjoog Aue ut aysiunino pareassar ysnoyp utod sq |
‘aia}oos jeumeuradns sayz jo sino pue sur ayp purasiapun
ou J]u8 94 ‘98paprouy 2107 areudosdde ayp pasey>ind
sey (soaa.eyps Jo ‘noseg 20) afew e ss9]UP) "suze aIEy
pun yoogajn3 Yv> jo sotdoo ypim prow 242 jou! you op


WZ ON

y
!

Deathand the Mage

Wayne closed the front door sofly. It had been a long, sad
bout exhilarating night. The death and damnation of Clarissa's
lover Mao had presented one ofthe mos dificult —and yet one
of the best — episodes ofthe chronicle. He half-expected an e
sail from Deena and wasn't disappointed when he saw aleter
{from her character, Clarissa

Te-was a sad message, a heartfelt farewell to Mao, to the
group and to the carefree spirit that had epitomized the wild
Ciudst. Although Clarissa swore she'd soon return, it was
‘obvious that some vital thing had changed. Deena really got
intocharacter with thisone, Wayne thought ashe scanned the
page. The itching atthe comers of his eyes suagested more than
just fatigue. As he printed a hard copy, Wayne pondered the
night's events. By running this adventure for Deena, he'd
‘pushed the chronicle to new levels. He'd almost killed off one of
the founding characters and had deal «blow far worse than death
‘o.an important Storyteller character. Yet, the whole experience
lefc him elated. The element of chance had entwined perfectly
with his creativity, and with Deena's. Together, they'd writen
cediferent kind of tale.

Allrealiy-bending ase, Mage can be a deadly game
Mysticks are mortals; unlike werewolves or vampires, they
can't shrug off bullets or shrapnel. Unless you set a decid-
edly nonlethal tone for your game, some characters will
either die or come perilously close to it. Asa Storyteller, it's
worth thinking about character death and its impact on
your game.

First, think about how you interpret dice rolls. Do you
always go with what the dice say? Or are you willing to
"fudge" occasionally fit suits the story? For example, you
may havedesigneda brief encounterin which i'simportant
to the story that the characters win. Are you willing to
change the results ifthe dice say they lose?

You also may want to consider whether you prefer
"open" or hidden" dice rolls. Open dice rolls cur on the
table, in plain view of everyone. Fudging is hard since
everyone can see what you rolled. Hidden dice rolls take
place behind a screen or your hand. You ean take the rolls
as they are or choose to ignore them; the latter option is
probably a must for nonlethal game.

‘A mixture of the two is usually best. As always, don't
forget ro ask your players what they'd prefer. Most players,
especially those who care about their characters, will want
open rolls. Why? By this point in the chronicle the charac-
tershave probably taken on lives oftheir own, with complex
personalities, emotions and drives. To possess life isto face
death every day. Knowingthere'sachance they won't make
icoutofthenext scenarioalive reinforces the bond between
player and character. [n the above scenario, for example,
Wayne and Deena agreed that they wanted open rolls.
Whatever fate had in store for Clarissa, Deena would
accept. This made the game much more intense.

38 ‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Nobody knows what lies beyond death, not even mages
(though Euthanaros have some idea...). The death of a
player's character (or even a long-standing Storyteller
character) should be a momentous poine in the chronicle.
How will the other characters react? Are there any real-
world issues you need to deal with, such as helping the
player come up with adifferent character? And how are the
other players accepting this new development?

Finally, don't forget that some characters would rather
accept any fate but death. Wayne's Storyteller character
made a choice to join the Nephandi rather than allow
Clarissa to die, whereas Clarissa would rather have died
thansee anyone suffersuch a fate. Fearofdeath isa powerful
‘motivation; use it as the basis for scenarios, the drive for a
single character or forthe epic theme ofan entire chronicle.

Breaking UpIs Hard to Di
The Long Haul
and Calling It Quits

Oops
— The Storyteller (Wayne Peacock)

‘Noone bats 1.000. No one always runs perfect game.
How do you manage damage control when you really screw
up! How do you keep things moving along as a chronicle
ages? How do you end a chronicle that's worn out or no
longer interesting? The following suggestions can help
revitalize a stale chronicle —and may help end it when its
time has come.

Keeping It Fresh
What do you do when your creative juices run dry? Is
there life a the end of a long-running plot? How do you get
motivated at the end of a successful story arc? If you've
plumbed every character for ideas and new territories to
explore and sill come up empty-handed, what do you do?
First of all, look at your inspiration. What revitalizes
you? Do you like ro spend time alone plotting, ordo you get
your best nations from the players? Take some time out and
indulge in whatever inspires you. This may be reading a
trashy novel, watching a movie or taking a hike in the
‘woods. IFthat fails, try something you haven't done before.
Be prepared to admit to your mistakes. If you've run a
bad game because you're tired or disinterested, take time to
explain this to your players. Chances are, they may have
some solutions. Maybe one of the players would like to try
herhandat Storytelling, either with Mage oranother game.
This rakes some pressure off your creativity and gives you a
chance to view the world from a player's perspective.
Finally, there's nothing wrong with taking abreak. You
‘may want to just put the chronicle on temporary hiatus for
a few months, o to leave the restart date open. In the


‘meantime, put Mage on the back burner for a while. If you
want to stay in the Storyteller's seat, consider another
World of Darkness game. Or try something completely
different, such as Champions or Castle Falkenstein. Sooner ot
later, you'll rementber why you enjoyed the Mage chronicle
so much, and you'll wane to get back to it.

Subplots

Linear storylines that plod from event to event get
boring, Just to recap,
less significant plots into the overall story to keep the
chronicle interesting. If you don't have enough ongoing
complications, you'll have nowhere to turn when players
resolve the big plots.

corytellers need to weave smaller and

Look back at Wayne's chronicle: He began with two
major plotlines. The first concemed the growing Techno-
cratic influence in Atlanta. The second involv

Demon. The Technocracy plot led to n

Garou in the Umbra which connected to events in The
Chaos Factor sourcebook. Suddenly the characters had
new enemies and allies, and Stanley was inspired to go on
a personal spirit quest. The Union's overarching goals
remained the Technocrats suddenly became
much more complex and interesting.

;

Thesame thing occurred with the Jade Demon. Clarissa
gained a love interest and suffered terrible losses while
learning more about herself. Peter challenged his former
mentor and gained enlightenment from both his internal
and external battles. Wayne's other subplots related to the
characters' personal stories, such as Gwen's search for
Bethany, Broti's weird science and Father Shelley's orphan.
age. Even when the Jade Demon plot was resolved, the
characters still had plenty of interests to pursue, thanks t0
the abundance of subplots

‘+ Evolving Storylines and Resolutions

Aschatacter interests change and evolve, s0 too should
the chronicle. Storylines that drag out forever are as dull as
linear plots. Before stories reach this point, resolve them
Look to the characters' backgrounds and Flaws f
ished business or lingering problems. By the time Wayne's

onicle had entered its second year, for example, he
wanted to resolve Gwen's quest for her mentor. Wayne
plannedascenarioin which Gwen discovered that Bethany
was indeed dead and went out to bring the murderer down.
The same point applied at the end of the Jade Demon
storyline; Clarissa had never been able to comprehend the
Sphere of Entropy before (thanks to the Sphere Inept
Flaw). Afterseeing random fate play such an enormous role

unfin-

Chapter One: Anatomy of a Chronicle 39

N
/


in her life, she gained new insights and Deena spent some
points to remove the Flaw.

a story they've all forgotten. Imagine the looks on theit

faces when you remind them of the Marauder child's sworn
vengeance after they "borrowed" her magickal toy and

never returned it! No one will realize why they've suddenly

tumed into animated stuffed animals — at least, not at

first

Endings

Well," said Wayne, "I've got some good news and some
bad news. The good newsisthat just found out the technological
studies grant I applied for was accepted. The bad news.

"ls that you're going to haggis country," replied Keith
"Hey, I think that's great!" Everybody echoed his congratula
tions. Then their gazes felon the collection of worn purple books
scattered around the living room. Wayne cleared hs throat.

"Without a doubr," he began, "Mage has been the bes
game I've ever run. Now, we have a dilemma. I's going to be
alle hard for me to run a monthly game from Scotland. What
options do you all want to discuss?"

"Will you have e-mail!" asked Deena. Wayne nodded.
"Maybe we could stil do some solo stuff eia the Inteet

"Well, Idon'thave e-mail," said Darrell, "and I really have
aabettr time sicting down and gaming than doing itover the phone

or whatever."
Pradha toyed with her dice, "Actually, though I've had a e
terrific time, I've let some other things slide tha I'd like to tar
back to now. I need to finish my dissertation, andl I want to get
some of my fiction published. To tell you the truth, this isn'e
coming at suck a bad time for me.
"Lfor one would stil ike to play," Stewart said. "My time's
a litle more flexible now, so how would you feel about me
continuing the game in your stead
"That's a good option," Wayne responded. "Though 1
admit I've taken the chronicle about as far as I can see it go.
Maybe you'd want to use the same basic setting but with some
different characters?"
"Or even nun a full-fledged crossover game," said Deena
"I'd really love to play a werewolf or a changeling."
"Im amy case, we don't have to decide anything definite
tonight. I've still got some stuff planned for you al to do before
1 leave in a couple of months, including some particularly
interesting character development for this very evening..."
Ie had been « long and glorious epic. But nothing lasts
forever.
All good games eventually come toan end.Sometimes,
aswith Wayne, eal lifestepsin and takes over. Other times,
youand the players just get burned outand need tomove on
to something different. You'll probably know when the
time comes; suddenly, nobody seems motivated anymore e

40 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

y

KZ

TKS

Th 2[ptuoay) eyo Aworeuy :24g saxdeyy

ox not oq Sp" ue soupy "sued uno 4
ns ap un fd oh ep pay no guru
Sono ay nod pug 308 vo ay ey 0
orooueipeauolensono ung uoy soup anoqssy
28 xP oy pu} ous ip som Oy Sus ey
pur sumin wed ag ay soedut po ue aq "lem
Siedt anomaly opus apo asp aoe
sshd 20
ied 20a poor 8 yupypBuNpowos 9 sroeteys
typumeafont fra pquenp aor snoyda uy
oxqnodsrfunytry serene pps ayp oy outed
"denote eames i APNE WE Hee

appruoayp mou e una on parayo ‘o|dusexa 40} "szeMaig ‘suo
plojo ssaquis ayp woy soueusas mau Sup}Ox9 1u9AUT UaYO
ue siojjaudioag ‘sures pounos v oatsoy wey soyneY
suoyunay pur sanBojidg ‘sjanbog «
‘00 1n0s B Uo pus ©) 9[>1404>
auey14q asyAu9tpo Ue SurAW9] ‘U0 Aq 9uO2INb wiaYp surACY
jo YSU 9p UNE HOA ;SuIO8 ALO axp day a,uop ‘BuLkeyd
‘SnUAUOD © SUE 9UO OU IeYA snorAgo Ayfngured sat 3]
‘Aques pue oum sayp 159dso1 ‘9simoyp] "52q 28 apna st UO
-2ue[dx9 ue anoypI yo woyp SurnN9 os ‘aaeY nok se SBI
pue aun yoru se parsaaut aa,foy] sBurpoay siateyd amp.
Josnonuaiasuo 9q ‘sued oyp Suipud 40j suoseas sno4 704
‘saneU ON, "dows o1 stem auoKL9A9 1e9]9 5,3 Way BuO] AE
20105 0140 "uonreuE|dxa ou YBa 9f>ruOIYP axp SuUN do>s
jdus 01 axe op we> nos s#utyp ss10m om axp Sqqeqoss
-aqgyssod st
{(‘Moj2q 928) awe8 janbas 10 oyunas e ase9 uy ‘are Aayp Ae
yp suryp 2409] 02991] pAayp sdeysad ag ‘Bueqe Yara sues
yp pus or aoueys ay nok sonis sty -Auoua 31g s,ap>ruoRYD
3p YUM UMOPMOYS ,2}P-30 21-0, B UI aReBUD Or a>ueYD
‘up pey soaau aa datp aggeyy -Aanrs atp pua o1 231] p.nok
‘moy anoge fe "Ay]Rj90818 UT dar8 "9]oqLONY> 242 2A}a4s.00
‘2u09 sey aumn ayp rey daxBe [Je NOS j1ang_-se=prjo.198.mauE
3]oum & wy BuIBuLag ">].yA w 40} suras J9]jaMuOrg atp a4er
‘ca siuem asja au0au0s aqKeyy "2919 papudrx2 ue 10 228d Jo
aftueype postyyenos sdeyiog 2ysnowp sty nod se IHoyEde
se 20u at Aoyp aqdeyy "suade[d axp 02 yper ‘shee Sy
"nod 03 sey ANS
cuodsau sp ay] ubiong ap se pu ‘samnb 31 [e901 9H §,

f=

Don't tear Reality

"This isn't smart," Deathace whispered
‘Get over it," Klenton repli. "A Node is
Bel a Node, and we need some juice."

In'snotour turf." the Hollow One insisted.
"An' I doubt it's fee territory."

Like you never snagged someone else's
stash." Klenton's voice was sofe but mocking
FB Deathace shrugged. Talking sense was hopeless
‘A match ignited at the side of the house
Shit!" Deathlace hissed and gripped her locket. As match
touched cigarette, flames framed a face; trong, rugged, with an
impassive expression and warror's eyes. Caught! The Quintes

Chapter Two:
The Storyieller's
Corner

Use anew Reality with each and every sex act.
Read instructions carefully before using Reality.
The booklet explains how to se Reality

Reality only works when you use it.
Make sure Reality is not twisted after insertion,
Reality should not be noisy during sex.
Reality may shift during sex.
Keep Reality out of the reach of children.
Instructions for Reality™ brand female condoms

IND,

sence boiled right below her, so thick she could tasteit. Deathlace
reached out tothe Primal flow as Klenton drew his gun

"Pueitaway, litle boy," the smoker commanded. "No one
sheds blood here but us."

A shadow — massive, shaggy, reeking ikea sheep dog after
cadounposer —reared up behind Klenton. A gigantic paw suiped
his gun to the ground, breaking three fingers and ripping the
Orphan' shand crimson. The boyopened his mouth, but Deathlace
stifled his scream. *We're sorry," she said, "we're going now,
twe didn't mean to trespass. We're gone—

Lit
have no i

a || 2S

sister," said che werewolf with the cigarette
a how right you are."

Chapter Two: The Storytelle's Comer 43

IZ

NG All

The Man Behind the Desk

‘Wow. Mage. Cool. Wild. Epic, even. A huge, cross-
dimensional tapestry ofconflicing realitiesand the wizards
whomake them. Fascinating. Simulating. Allkinds of fun.

Now how in the hell doI play it?

Good question. There are plenty of answers. Mage isso
‘open-ended that every Storyteller runs a different game. I
couldn'e tell you how to run them all even if] wanted to, so
for now well dispense with the omniscient "the Storyteller
‘must do this" stuff and talk openly and candidly in across-
the-table tones.

Hi, I'm the developer. I've been running games in
vvarioussystemssince 1978,and have been wedded to Mage
‘The Ascension since its first supplement in 1993. Lots of
people look to me when they have questions; I'm not that

comfortable about speaking from on high, but I can offer a
few answers, if only from experience. My answers are
opinions, not rules, and they may not jibe with your
concept of the game. The Golden Rule applies; take this
chapter as you will

The Storyteller's Comer covers a variety of design
questions in a deliberately informal manner. Please don't
take the snide remarks in the wrong way. They're more fun
to tead (and write) than droning instruction is. The fre
quently asked questions presented here cover some of the
tricky aspects of Mage: The Ascension, and address many
of its most puzzling elements. Most of the examples come
from my own games. Ifthis seems self-indulgent, remember
that Storytelling is a personal experience. There aren't
many "yes/no" answers, and the end result comes only
through doing.

Mage F.A.Q.

1 keow that it won't be long before the
Inger ses in

4
im: ‘And I must feed, my friend, feed on your

RO isnocence and faith
Se

x Youhavefaithin me — Youknow!'ddo you
ZN ‘no wrong so let's go for a walk

= —Order of the Dying Knights, "Shape of

Faith"
Lots of people have lots of questions
about Mage. Many of these questions have no firm answers;
this is a game about dueling realities. Even so, some issues
‘come up across the board — and on the internet and in my
mailbox. It's time I tried to give some straight answers.

The following inquiries come from friends, fans and
puzzled players. For the sake of sanity and simplicity, 'mnot
‘going to go over first-edition questions that were answered
insecond edition. Many of the old issues are resolved in the
tulebook's Chapters Two, Eight and Nine, and all of the
references | make come from the current tules, not the
original ones.

Ey,

B)

Naturally, I can't — and won't — answer every con-
ceivable question; Mage is a game of mystery and enigmas.
Shining a light into every comer would be an impossible
task, and would take a lot of fun out of the game. Even so,
this F.A.Q, should help ease those around-the-table de-
bates. Ifyour pet question isn't answered here, chances are
i's something you can answer for yourself. Or maybe
something you should answer for yourself...

44 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Design Questions

‘* Mage isa big game. Where does a new Storyteller
begin?

With people. That's where good stories always begin.
Find an idea that excites you, one that suits your players and
your style. Each game is a mirror of che people who play it.
Decide on the elements that appeal to you and work from
there,

‘The main rulebook has everything you need to run &
basic game. The supplements offer additional options and
in-depth lore thatthe rulebook can't contain. Core supple
ments (those with neat, important stuff) include Hidden
Lore, The Book of Shadows, The Book of Madness, The
Book of Mirrors and Beyond the Barriers: The Book of
Worlds. The Tradition and Technocracy books cover their
respective groups in depth.

‘+ What advice can you offer a Mage Storyteller,
especially one who's never run an RPG before?

First of all, don't panic. Mage offers lots of possibilities,
but that doesn't mean you have to use them all. Build the
story around something you can sink your teeth into. Set
some guidelines for your playersandcheir character types
no Virtual Adepts, all characters come from the same
neighborhood, that sort of thing — and stick to your vision.
Familiarize yourself with the magick systems in the main
rulebook; if things seem too complicated, avoid the "Per-
mutations" section and use only the basics. Set a single
focus or the chronicle — say a nightclub where everybody
goes on Fridays — and expand when you feel comfortable
doing so.


Personally, 1 recommend starting out with players!
characters before their Awakenings or just afterward, and
setting an upper limit of 2 or 3 on Atete and Spheres. That
gives you room to move — the characters can't do anything
too heinous yet — and it reinforces the idea that Mage is
about growth, not raw power

Most importantly, have fun. Ger into the atmosphere
of mystery. Improvise. Describe. Set your tale in motion
‘ha simple story and let the players move it. Trying to
;ce a Mage game ina predetermined direction isaskingfor
trouble, but you can still keep things within certain bounds
by limiting the power level and leaving some of the more
‘outrageous elements (Quiet, Realms, the Umbra) out until
you're ready for them. Keep the world mysterious — wizards
don't hang out on every comer. Few people even believe
magick exists, and even fewer know anything about it
‘When magick appears, describe how it feels. Ask your
players what they do to use their Arts — not just the game
mechanics, but the actions their characters take. Encour
age your troupe to be imaginative. A cool story is better
than a pile of corpses...or an endless argument.

‘+ Why do so many Mage books contradict each
other?

‘Witha few exceptions (like rules changes between first
and second editions), they don't. They just seem to cor
dict each other because they're often told from subjecti
‘viewpoints rather than objective ones. If you're used to an
objective view —"This is, period" — the difference can be
confusing. The subjective viewpoint — "This isso because
1 see it that way" — offers one part of the story. As we all
know, though, all stories have different perspectives.

Take history, for example. Read an account of the
American Revolution in a United States textbook. Now
imagine it from a British perspective — a bunch of spoiled
colonists rejecting fair rule by their sovereign state. Wecan
safely assume that their textbooks tell a different story
Take an American war movie like The Longest Day and
contrast it with a German one like Das Boot. Who are you
rooting for now?

Gee the picture? Reality is never as cut and dried as we
would like it to be. And that's one of the main ide
Mage. Reality is flexible, and everyone has their version.

‘One of my all-time favorite movies, Akira Kurosawa's
Rashamon, tells the story of the same crime from four
different perspectives. Each person has a different version
of the events. A tribunal trying to get to the bottom of the
case is baffled, and the men discussing it outside the court
are even more confused. "Who knows what truth is?" one
man finally says, and that's what I'm getting atin Mage. The
absolute truth is that there isno absolute ruth. The supple:
ments are designed accordingly.

‘The only things to take for granted ina Mage book are
presented in game text, usualy with the words "In game

Chapter Two: The Storytelle's Comer 45

N

WSS _ Z


Z terms, this means...." Everything else is up for grabs. I do
this for two reasons: One, like a subjective world. Ie's more
intriguing and mysterious, and reflects the themes of the

game better than a world set in stone does. Two, it leaves

writers and Storytellers room to move. [ hate it when @

player says "But itayson page 32 that all Technocrats live

in Paris," while I'm running a tale set in London. Mage is

more flexible when the doors of possibility are left open.

Everyone has a story, and those stories are richer for theit
SS apparent contradictions.

* Why doesn't Mage go into more details of real-
world magical practices?

Three reasons: First, the details of "real magi
pretty arcane (not to mention dull). Most people don't
want to ead a grimoire, they want tocreatea story, and few
folks would have the patience to wade through esoterica to
play a game. On top of that, many real practitioners get
(understandably) touchy when their beliefs appear in fic
tion. Most consider it slanderous, inaccurate or both. Why
offend folks unless you want to?

Second, the whole idea of Mage is that magick is
universal. Reality is in the eye of the beholder. Any type of
magick, from Christian miracles to Chaos Theory to
Candomble, workso long as the mage understands reality
enough to useit. Real-world magic, like religion, tends tobe
pretty dogmatic — "This is the right way; all others are
wrong." Many of the practitioners in my acquaintance
remain closed tothe possibility that anything else might be
as valid as the disciplines they prefer, and they argue
passionately thatonly they know "the re
a Catholic priest, a Wiecan
physicist chat what they do isn "real" because it isn't the
practice you follow. After you pick yourselfoff the floor, you
‘might realize that each of those folks hasa valid perspective
on the truth.

Third and most important, l do, toa degree, believe i
magic. I can'tsay for certain what its, and I certainly don't
expect to be levitating cars anytime soon. However, it's a
proven fact that the laws of our so-called reality are not
nncarly as solid as we might like to believe. People all over
the world practice magic in a thousand different forms, and
sometimes they make things happen. Whether the forces
they set in motion come from some outside source or from
undiscovered scientific principles, the forces exist. | also
know enough about magic to know that it shouldn't be
screwed with. The Law of Return — the concept that the
things you do return to you in ways you can't control — is
truth in advertising, Plenty of people have wrecked their
lives (and others') eying to find out if magic works.

The pillars of magickal philosophy — thar reality can
be shaped by will and understanding, that expanded aware-
ness leads to transcendence, that magick changes the mage
even as he changes the world, and that nothing occurs
without work, sacrifice and peril —lieat the heartof Mage:

46 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


7

The Ascension, Many of the magickal societies in the
World of Darkness are also based on real-world practices
(although the societies themselves are fictional). Still, the
line between the game world and the real world is drawn
pretty firmly. Personally, I wouldn't even consider turning
‘a game about the quest for perfection into occult propa
ganda. There are enough screwed up people out there
already. So Mage is a fantasy game. Period.

* Who created Mage?

‘The initial idea forthe game came from Stewart Wieck,
who set the wisards aside for himself when the groundwork
was laid for the World of Darkness series. A fan of Robert
Pirsig, Stewart modeled Mage's concepts after Pirsig idea
that creation is ever-changing, propelled by a dynamic
momentum. To fuel progress, certain individuals had to
step away from the norm, advance controversial ideals and
force the world kicking and screaming into the future. That
sounded like magick to Stewart, and he set about bringing
his own ideals into being.

Stewart, his brother Steve, and the Chrises Hind and
Early brainstormed for the better part of ayear, creating the
skeleton of the game. The first draft was, shall we say,
radical — too radical for most people to accept. An in-
house rewriting session retooled Mage from the ground up,
shifting the metaphysical original into a more streamlined,
accessible format. Many of White Wolfs best minds —
including Bill Bridges, Brian Campbell, Sam Chup, Ken
Cliffe, Andrew Greenberg, Mark Rein* Hagen, Rob Hatch,
Kathy Ryan and Travis Williams — created the Marauders,
the Umbral Realmsand tiesto other WoD games. The final
result was revolutionary enough to attract a cult following,
and confusing enough to elude a larger audience.

Enter the developer. A Werewolf freelancer at the
time, I applied for the job after being tapped to write the
original Technocracy sourcebook (later changed to five
smaller works). Following a hasty read-through of the
game's editing draft, and the design of a 16-page outline of
‘my plans for the line, | was hired — three days before the
game's release at GenCon ‘93. After scrapping the original
Mage supplement schedule and starting fresh, 1 co-wrote
the first expansion book, The Book of Chantries, with
Steve "Sabbat" Brown. That work put many of the line's
most powerful concepts into motion.

‘A number of influential writers guided Mage's baby
steps: Chris Hind, Brian Campbell and geneticist Judy
McLaughlin helped transform the Technocracy from soul
less villains to misguided (though no less dangerous)
crusaders. Kathy Ryan took the Marauders as her own. Sam
Chupp, Nicky Rea and Kevin Andrew Murphy helped blur
the linesberween metaphysics and mystery, and the uneasy
teamwork of Dan Greenberg, Darten McKeeman, Harry
Heckel and myself birthed che wild Digital Web. A collabo:
rative interplay between Werewolf boss Bill Bridges and 1
bound our games together, and a host of authors from Beth

"Order of Hermes" Fischi to Jim "Samuel Haight" Moore
helped shape the Mage cosmos. My personal beliefs in
mysticism, transformation and responsibility melded well
with Stewart's concept of magick asa metaphysical force of
change. The resulting world combined the best (and most
puzzling) dreams of both creators. Mage's gestation may
have been rough, but it was never boring.

It was another two years before the release of the
second edition solidified the original's premise into a viable
game, with all themes intact. Until then, however, steady
stream of supplements like The Book of Shadows, The
Book of Madness and the pseudo-historical Fragile Path
‘expanded Mage's audience from a cult a movement. AS
‘of 1997, Mage ranks second only to Vampire: The Mas-
querade among the Storyteller games in terms of sales and
acelaim.

Rough start. Great present. Lots of hope for the future,

System Queries

* Can a vampire/ wereereature/ changeling/ wraith
become a mage, or vice versa? How about ghouls or
Kinfolk? Why don't these creatures suffer Paradox when
what they do clearly violates "reality"?

No, no, no, no and no. Mages can be ghouls (or vice
versa), but drinking Kindred blood stimulates a taste for
‘more ofthesame. That'sadangerous habit, even fora mage,
and may wel lead to Blood Bond — ora Blood Hunt. As
for shapeshifter kin, there's no reason why one couldn't
Awaken, but there's no real "system" benefit for doing so.
Mage-ghoul and mage-Kinfolk combinations are immune
to the Delirium (see below) and either could be a friend,
enemy or both to the Changing Breeds

The theories about Paradox and other supernatural
creatures are many and varied. No, they don't suffer Para-
dox asa rule. Why not? For simplicity' sake, let's just say
that what they do conforms to "static" boundaries. Their
powers work the same way with the same limitations each
time. A Curse of Aeolus Gift creates a ereepy wall of fog.
That'sit. Nothingelse. A mage can do the same thing with
Matter and Mind magick, but she can doa great deal more,
as well. The werewolf is limited ro the powers that Gaia
gave him, while the mage is limited only by her understand-
ing and skill. The price for that potential is Paradox, the
force that kicks in when you push reality too far, too
quickly. Mages do that. The others don't.

(See "The Hidden World' in Mage, Chapter Nine, for
more detailed crossover stuf.)

* Can a mage regenerate damage? Can she soak
aggravated wounds? Is healing injuries vulgar or coinci-
dental magick?

Noand no. Some house rulesmightallow amageasoak
roll against vampire or Garou claws or teeth, if only for
survival. Strictly speaking, though, a mystick needs Life 3

Chapter Two: The Storyteller'sComer 47

=


WAY,

NG All

magick to soak or heal aggravated damage. Mages are
mortal, and mortals bleed. A lot.
The third answer depends on the injury; healing a
broken arm could be coincidental ("I's just sprained"), so
me isn't sticking out of the skin. Healing a
‘burn would be vulgar, but healing internal injuries
wouldn't be. In general, assume that if a person watching
the operation would say "That can't be," the healing is
vulgar
‘Oh, yeah; healing aggravated wounds is always vulgar.
Sorry

long as the

‘* Are mages immune to the Delirium that most
shapeshifters invoke?

Yes. This doesn't mean that a 10-foot-tall werewolf
doesn'tscare amage (Ie'dscare the hell out of me!), usethat
he won't go running off in blind panic.

'* Why aren't the Chantry, Familiar, Resources or
Sanctum Backgrounds given in the main rulebook?

Long story. They're available in The Book of Shad-
‘ows, the Mage Players Guide, and were originally included
in the second-edition rulebook. The first version of that
book ran far too long to be printed, however, and many
things had to go. Since the Backgrounds existed elsewhere,
they were cut (the other material went into Hidden Lore).
ince the cuts were made while the book was in the layout
stage, we misse em on the "Character
Creation Process" chart. Even then, the reference is only

e reference to t

48

The Book of Mirrors: The Mage

rytellers Guide

half a mistake; the Backgrounds are still available, just not
in the main rulebook

* When are you coming out with "The Nephandi
Players Guide"?

I'm not. Period. I'mas open-minded as the next person
(and more open-minded than most), but the idea of a
Players Guide for mages dedicated to cor

tion strikes me
ess and offensive. To make black magic seem cool is
asking for trouble of all different kinds,

* I'm confused by Quintessence, Tass and Nodes.
Can you explain what to do with them?

‘Okay, let's take each in turn.

* Quintessence is the base element of reality
Channeled through magick, it allows a mage to shift the
‘odds in her favor by reducing the difficulty of the player's
roll. Mage's frst edition claimed that Quintessence was
finite, like oil, and that mages waged war over it. That
concept has been scrapped in favor ofthe idea that powerful
emotions or occurrences creat color
ing it with the Resonance of the event chat stirred the pot.
A mystick can regain his normal Quintessence rating up to
the limit of his Avatar rating by meditating at a Node (see
Mage, page 131). To absorb more Quintessence, he must
use a Prime I Rush Effect. He cannot spend more Quintes.
sence in one turn than his Avatar rating allows, and cannot
reduce a magick roll difficulty by more than -3 in any case.
A lange store of personal Quintessence typically lasts longer

sw" Prime For


a

than a small one —a useful thing during rituals and long
adventures. In story terms, those who can see Prime Force

@ _rwxice overt halos around characters with lors of stored
‘Quintessence.

AsI mentioned, Quintessence and Tass contain Reso-
nance left over from the things or places from which they
came. Prime Force drawn froma lover's wishing well would
have a different "taste" than that taken from a battlefield
This aura makes certain kinds of Quintessence better for
some types of magick than for others (see the "Magick
Difficulties" chart in the rulebook). As a Storyteller, feel
free to describe these different sensations, too. Doing so
adds an extra kick to the old "I gain three points of
Quintessence" thing.

# Tass is just Quintessence in solid form, like
magic mushrooms or faerie dust. When eaten, it has a
powerful taste. When channeled with Prime 3 Arts, it
becomes raw energy, its material form crumbling into dust.
Tass often collects at Nodes, but can come from different

‘Vampires, Garou and other creatures contain a bit of
‘Tass in their blood. Mages do not. You can figure that a
mage gets one point of Quintessence for every two points of
Gnosis, Blood Pool or Glamour in the creature, or for every
single point of Power or Corpus channeled from a spirit
Distilling this Tass from physical beings requites Prime 3,
and doing so from spirits requires Prime 4. 1 have to

@ ‘emphasize that no werewolf, vampire, ghost or faerie will
ever willingly give a wizard some of his blood to play with,
even if they'te best friends. Doing so would be like giving
your bank card and PIN number to a drug addict. Further-
more, faeriesand Garou know that a small partcan hold the
essence of the whole, vampires understand the peril of the
Blood Bond and spirits isk total destruction by giving their
essence away. Given these facts, would ou offer a wizard
some of your blood? No one really trusts 2 mage to begin
with, and who'stosay whache'llreally doonce he'sgotsome
of your blood? Storytellers, this is a big no. Similaely, no
other creature wll allowamystick toskim Prime Force from
a caern of Freehold. Although such places are good for 10
points of Quintessence per level of the area, this is trespass-
ing of the worst kind (see Mage, page 233)..

# Nodes are mystick places, rich with Primal en-
ergy. Although the "Quintessence war" idea is history,
Nodesare still valuable. They're areas where the energies of
creation have surged 0 the surface; places like that are
valuable no matter how available Quintessence is.

These mystick locations ereate a certain amount of
Tass, and carry strong Resonance from the events that
created them or from the purposes for which they're used
Powerful Nodes exude "flavors" so rich that even mortals
can sense them. A magickal working that taps a Node

e transfers that power into the shape that the spell assumes,

whether the mage wants t toornot. The Node Background

lets several mages combine their points into a single shared
Node from which they can all ake Quintessence. Unless
something threatens to destroy the place, just assume that
everyone can get what they need in "free" Quintessence.
‘Tass is another story, and the amount that can be drawn
dependson the size of the characters' Background pool (see
that listing for more details)

‘© What good are foci, anyway? I know reality is
malleable, and my character knows it, too. Why can't he
just accept that and throw his focus away?

(Sound of a long sigh.) First of all, let's make the
distinction between player knowledge and character knowl-
edge. Now remember that magick styles —and by extensic
foci — are extensions of belief. Belief is central to magick.
No mage can work her Arts without the belie that she can
do so. The magickal style she adopts says volumes about
those beliefs her self-image and herculture. For that reason
alone, style and foci are important roleplaying notes.

Now no matter what your rulebook might say, the
‘mages in the game world do not realize that they can throw
away their ritual tools when they become enlightened
‘enough to work without chem. That process comes through,
experience, through realizing that magick comes from Jos,
not from your rituals or tools. Until a mage reaches that
state, she believes that her actions set spells in motion. Till
then, the chants, lighted candles, prayers and sacrifices
carry the mystick intent from the mage intoher world. Even
after she realizes that rituals aren't essential, her magickal
style forms abridge; the foci she chooses are the materials
of that bridge. They might form a rope catwalk, astone arch
or a steel suspension bridge. Either way, the style, and by
extension the foci link the mage to her magick. Until she
understands otherwise, she needs those elements to work
her Arts.

Too many players treat foci as inconveniences. It's so
much easier for characters to whip off Effects without
spending time doing some dance or mixing up some potion
that players discard the whole idea. If you want to run a
high-fantasy chronicle, it's up to you. Personally, [ think a
game in which my mage carves elaborate runes or enters a
trance is much richer than one in which she jut flings off
aa magickal spell without any drama or effort. In the first
edition rules, most foci were encumbrances, tied to certain
Spheres and burdened with certain modifiers. The newer
systems allow you to improvise more, to personalize style
and foci to the mage. They're less of a hassle and more of a
creative tool.

‘When I'm running a game, I always ask my players
"What's your mage doing to make this happen?" The
inevitable response "I'musing Forces 3, Prime" is met with
"No, tell me what your character is doing to make this
happen." Once the player gets into the spirit of describing
the pentacle that her character inscribes, the dance she

Chapter Two: The Storytelle's Comer 49

HN A

WLS' 2


performs and the sudden gust of wind and the flicker of the
candles, the game takeson new form. Itbecomesa story.
Could there be a better reason to have foci in
the game?
(See Chapter Six for more details about
‘magickal styles, foci and the significance of both,
Oh, by the way, mages never ask each other "Hey,
what foci do you use?" "Focus" is a game term, not a
phrase that mages employ. Hearing characters alk like that
makes me wince.)

Paradox

* My players think Paradox is stupid, complicated or
unnecessary. How should I handle it?

An often misunderstood aspect of the game, Paradox
serves a threefold purpose

* Paradox reflects the magickal and metaphysi
cal truth that actions have consequences. The more
radical the action, the greater the risk and the more
severe the consequences. Some magickal practices es-
pouse Threefold Return — "That which you do returns
to you threefold." While Paradox isn't always threefold
in its effects, it certainly makes the point that magick
involves risk.

+ Paradox maintains game balance, and doesso
ina more real-world way than "fatigue points" or memo:
rized spells" do. Paradox also maintains the edgy
atmosphere of the World of Darkness — a world not
unlike our own.

* Paradox adds an element of uncertainty to
magickal workings — an element that's perfectly in

eping with the metaphysics of "real" magic. The
imystick Arts set forces in motion, and no one, not even
the wisest mage, can predict how these forcesare going to
turn. If the whole idea of magick is shifting reality, it
makessense thatreality'sgoing toshiftback occasionally.
nyone who understands real magic knows that one
doesn't muck with the forces of the cosmos without stirring
‘upsome heavy juju. The formsthat juju takes dependon the
actions that set it in motion, but it doesn't just go away
Paradox is the cost of playing the game — literally.

(By the way, Paradox is not a hungry beastie in thrall
to the Technocracy. While di s have different
impressions of it, I'll say in game terms that Paradox is a
force, not a creature. No one holds the leash to that force
Some just ride the wave better than others.)

* Why can't a mage just throw fireballs around?
‘That's more fun than worrying about Paradox.

Ifyou want todump Paradoxand runalimitless
Mage game, go ahead. Just remember that a world
where people bowl with hellfie is going to be
radically different than the World of Darkness. The

50 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


IS sawog spoqjauuorg ayy som sande

sotp ypim zaxpany rod oyp Bupans asow sa8eur 194O "pon
"ino pue ureie at paiou | -xopeseq a20}X "Youoq sIPOUy
pads rea ze Seme uns ca suly 194 sn 01 pon) sodony
spp] stam may Wy "Uo panow pue A paroU [ 7]02 134 pays0g
‘mopeyg ‘iasyjd ay] 14 ma]q pure — lors 2x1 Jo ano
‘2109 02 3J0q uN] e403 pojfe> pUE (1904) 201p 294 Jooys
2s "ures yp Jo ano pawn, Aaxp Sy "tea 194 PaysEsD pey
lps 3petg Ur UDpY atp sreuTUOx9 01 porn sodomy ‘atuEs
auo yy -ajduexe ue se zinpy snoweyuy aeya ast $,13]
oa wap
ruem | uaym UP y>HY S1D9Y9 242 29] pue , a1 mo1q sodony
"yo Up), 2200 Ajduuis 02 sayaud | ‘sousn as0yy "as1s0uduny pue
xunoaDe our sooueiswndat> aya aye | "A}qeI>1paIdUy,
ZUSEP PRG Xopeaeg e UNI NOC oP MOH]
280] Apoqiuaaa ‘suaddey aeyp uay ay "ypte) toy
20] 2yshur Aoup ‘osu0,,\ "ase of Aoyp ‘sBuNRp asayp 338
2,uop Aayp y[-aBeu axp wi0yjs1o}Aeyoq wers9> 199dx9 hoe |
‘S0uN qUeM A2Y J "ILOUNLuOD NoPE Kea Tap UO of PUE
‘auo ayniuatos e uaa ‘appeatw © 998 wsnf a,uop ajdoag "Aiord
ue siu9jeasiy purewrap Ajqeainaut 2m otf si9Mof]0} 242305
928g aq z0210q pey s9]e04 ypIEy eq 02 spuareid oyM ABEL
| "wig 404 s9estu Bom O2 SioyOM apedIUE 399dKa S19
A219 «fod TCULON,19PUN smog s9ideY-) Us |yeI9p 2104
UL paraao9 auo ‘oon ‘souud saqpiour sey sarfaq SIZE)
uowia|9 radoud
atp Jo ano s,24 way — yon] Jo ano pue — spunog jo ano
8,31 2210 pjniom ajdoad ‘aoud sxomoy Suyyews vans ay
‘Umop y]eN01 a19M praysaddor precy] 22"|dsadosd 943 Ut
2ouaipne anos ureuazu9 nox Se Huo] of uerDisew aBins &:9q
(on yBnoua Ase 5] satu stop uy pom on sey HSK
2qp'sijag Jeuow aztjn 0 001 ‘xopeseg yosurseas.oa jer
-upss9 are Sumas sadoad ayp pur diysuemimoys ‘sdosg
sejna Ajareunjn axe ang jeruaprou}o> Yoo] sBuryp yoy
ur sose> Jo aBeiueape soe) aru v J! xopexeg jeunsou 242
2}qhop utisse aysiu nos stuso2 ured Uy [Jods payoaoq 2x9U
2120) 8un rea ‘Sroyes wiors xopern, v*(a]qIslau SuIpIING
we Surae2] 241) Bunse> soape e3yn swan 199473 JeIU9pI>
-ujo> & 3] Ayarespaurun ays 01 24vy,Uss0p xOperEg
-jjgnon
Ur st uonsanb ut aiew oyp ‘punore soou"p 30 au08 shes
Buspying aya j] om o1 FUIOH st, Sumpjaysoddor, orunowe
ou ‘Aze19 oo) wa Suny j1aBK "sty IM AlqeanseounaT
sdjoy ‘smopeyg Jo yoog ayy, woy ‘I]Y4g AouNLE ayL
(-~-ssaifip yng -seaddesip pom aya payaiea ou Stpng
24p apisur 9jdoad arom axoyp Jt seHjna Anaad aq ays pur
‘yo Ind 01 sassooons jo 20] & auinbas |jps pjnom 3}) -jeuszou
(0) sums uayp pue Apypinb suaddey Yorys UOISNAE wax
st eqp paoutauos $1 Suyyoiem auoKsaA9 jt jeIUapIUIED
9 rn — aeaddesip Bupjing e Suryew 247) — 394g
28ze] e udag "Jeuapiouto> s| — uonesnfuo> sour e 20
a220iq jo ajddis e Aes — 1304 JJowIs © wy swINsse S127]
{Op OLB] RES es 2eyy tN aUESIwUDY BEEPY By
‘Buuunp jenn v ronpuo> s2op pudiyy snauuia} ano p suaddey

ey 1ng "|]94 Anoid saseq asayp $1909 aBePY Jo UONIDs
_s0uanyuy pur kydesoao jeyaiseyy, ay] ‘S21]3q ,sa}dood
{pum our UF Spoayiod are — wistureureys pue y>1SewoUYsa
Ajjemadse — sayhas pey>ySeu sazmyyn> uyeno> ur Pg
(st
21 ‘Keser ypr~-BuruDyemy O4T] Jo PUY "oIUO Pjoy oF
Buntpouios 103 Fujdses8 uosiad ay2 saavay 2eys quaA> Bu
-euunes) uo yo ‘SHeuIeAp vs. IM 140 Ajisea suaddey rey
Suntpauios you's joyjaq SunYS *(saz9AUo> ays) oy.094235
(02 240 sa8uE4y> 34s 30 *(a!Ap|20m 194 s922)14 31) 0U S90P
‘ys "(wRipezed 294 siy 1) 9jqissod st Sump w aeyp s9Aaqqoq
uuosiad e ‘pionax atp 304 "Aayjeos §,21 ‘uorsnyyt deay> auios
2oU soe I14 2e Yo pue Uo taTa PInoD Nos SunNpLawos
sem jay oqap #1 se p anayqep | Rep 2422951 1,
anoys pue punose uns 3uoawios Suravy Aq xopesed J0$9220}
‘xp ayoau ues nod rexp uonndasuoostu plo ues.2194 1)
"aedjna shemye are sSunp auiog -o8ew ayp
‘gia gorjaq uounwos e saseys 94 J! uaAe "idanse weD 1ada2]g
‘eyo os Ajuo s a19y"sIB}x Jo a]DeIuag e YBnosY UOWDP
ve dn saunfuo> ay js (Aipyus 1 and 02) suonsonb autos 2q
[1H 2194p ‘syenour papuren-o9p] Yat azeIo0sse s90p prez
Sup je uoag ,SassoUNIM yim sesyna, suojaroyp st [fads ay L
394 UBD IeY_L, puodsar siayoo]UO sou ‘ssoUpS SIU JO
Jynsau e se suaddey Ajjemse 990 Surypowos y Ares Anaid
oo} syemays sxesoqoy> sty 1B) 2ouwssIeUDY e 1B ano sBuey,
ay Ssojup) -ajdurexa ue se prezim onaWi9y & ae,
‘sy ‘3e8|na a10u
‘urpao azow asn oy seats 3940 puey soddn ue supe a8eur
‘yp ‘aaman9 ]e90] 242 Jo 5391199 >4p SMOT]OR AjduuIS 30 dem
aaendoudde we uy y>rSew 294 Ase On S9s00y> ays ARAYA
"194 punose 9Jdood ayp yo sjaoq ap suns aeyp 2pUS e
shojdure yonsiure ways "yfnoys "Airey 208 sBuny | seoUeIS
-wunaut> asoul s13a09 141g saadeyD s,a8ey Jo SurUUrB9q,
‘yp 2e zeqopis ajdurexg onewaUrD ay "worn uo suds auo
wos Udy ly pue Urey OW asINq 2, Lop sox} —snorago
Aayaid sar ‘oun ayp Jo as0py "UO Aezy e st ,2/q1sS0d 10
sey, pur, uxldey pjnoo eyp ‘sung, usa Ur YL
uy ey 19ay7e suadaa]g Jo s}aqI>q YR MED MOF 7,105
-1Rs,, pur ,Je2UOpIoUTOD,, uodsI9q UH aMp S,229qN4,
702 paiuess Koup zanaieym
Cop plno> srowel-s9mod ysrya uy aurel e uns o2 Ie NOK
inom ‘2u10d ayp 01 axoyy 2194p aA o2 UEM NOK PINOy 20f
aBesoae aut 01 ULaUH pjnom apr] 2eyM noge UI "Jamod
pernwyjun aavy soleus asym ppow e anoge AUT,
{Slouses orsuagsy atp jo weD4p-ysta
aup 9g 02 pasoddns rewp 94H] pom  3,us] jo8e Buo] YUE,
‘yp 29a0 Bury woy pury sty paddors rey ‘soouanbasue>
anoygum aans ayp UMP [feqauy w S601 WED y>Rshus e JL
"yo dem 29 01 Suno8 s} 3ourjeq saMod aqp pus ‘MOU aK 2U0
2qp 29 Yonus ag 2,uom surTyA yp BuEMO||O} Woy saBeEU
dois o1 Sunpou s21atp 29K) Pom ¥y "2pgns usyo pue
{ojsu ‘snoraduep st oiSeyy sk 246 94 WHIOU ‘smOpeYs ayp UE
uuaddey sSuny ‘snouaisiw pue sep st Sumas poystyqesa


y

S

UW ZN

Na",

Effects. Some succeeded, others didn't, but no one was
leaving reality well enough alone. Finally, Shadow botched
anotherroll. Atroposhad piled upa pretty impressive tab by
that point, so I brought out something nasty.

Wrinkle.

Tknew that by strict definition of the rules, Wrinkle
shows up over Time infractions. I didn't care. Suddenly a
creaky old man ina white suit emerged from the ruins ofthe
vvan, shaking his finger at Atropos. The look on Shadow's
face was priceless. Rather than rolling initiative or check-
ing out Weinkle's Charms, Ijust had him interpose himself
between Atroposand the Men in Black. Poor Atropos (not
Shadow) started crying. The old man took pity on her.
When the Men in Black flashed their badges at him, he
looked them in the eyes. One of the other characters noted
that the MiBs began to tremble. "Hey, you know what he
just did?" the character whispered to Wrinkle, pointing to
a Man in Black, "He just took an arrow out of his chest
without flinching" (the MiB had, indeed).

"Oh, really," said Wrinkle with an evil leer. "I suppose
we'll have to teach him a lesson." And with that the MiBs
vanished. Forever.

‘Atropos was no match for Wrinkle. I knew that when
brought him in. Even so, I had no intention of wiping
Shadow's character out of existence. The waming was
enough. Wrinkle lookedover the tworain-soaked mysticks,
said "Now behave!" and disappeared. I had Shadow mark
five points of Paradox off of Atropos' sheet and proceeded
with che story

| improvised, playing the situation for maximum dra-
‘matic potential, and then continued after the point had
been made. If Shadow hadn't taken the hint, the next
backlash might have blown Atroposall over the road. As it
was, I'd made my point and added a memorable moment to
an otherwise routine action scene.

That's how to run a backlash — or any other odd
‘occurrence, for that matter. Run it when it suits you, know
when tostopanddon'tlet the leter ofthe law interfere with
‘a good scene

* What about Quiets, Paradox Realms, hobgoblins
and the like?

The example above works for Quiets, trips into
cyberspace and passages into the Umbra. Your best option
istoimprovise,sit back and letthe story develop. Ithappens
more easily than youmight think with a cooperative troupe.

‘These concepts are too abstract ro run successfully by
charts or tables. You could cross-index various circum-
seances over 100 pages and still end up missing the
combination that happens to occur in your game. Odd
phenomena come with the territory in Mage, and they
invest the game with its most challenging aspect: improvi
sation. Ifyou have the foundations worked out, it's easy to
improvise. Just throw yourself at che ground and miss.

52 The Book of Mirrors The Mage Storytellers Guide

Seriously, the secret to running one of these puzzlers is
to save the occurrence until you're ready to handle it. Ifyou
don't feel confidentaboutrunningasudden Paradox Storm,
then don't. Save it for later. Quiets, Realms, mindscapes
and the like are story elements, s0 treat them like upcoming
plots. Brainstorm about the upcoming story in between
sessions and make a few notes if you have to. Come to the
table with aplan, set itup, then yank reality-as-they-know-
itout fromunder the characters. You'll know what's coming.
They won't.

Now comesthe fun part: description. Let your imagina-
tion run riot and describe what you see. Ithelps ifyou have
an encyclopedic knowledge of Mage supplements, but that
isn'treally essential —nor isie the point. Crib from movies,
books ot other sources if you want, but personalize your
upheaval so that your players feel off-balance. Now set
things in motion and let che players figure it out. Get up.
Move around. Run through the whole menu of Techniques
described in Mage, ChapterSeven, and catch the players up
in your enthusiasm. When they do something, counter it
with some new occurrence, Watch the clock — and your
players — to avoid going overboard, but otherwise let
things ride. Ifeverybody's caught up in the action, consult-
ing charts or checking supplements only slows the game
down.

Most Quiets, Seekingsand Paradox Realms are solitary
‘experiences, at least at first. If you can set up asolo gaming
session with one of your players, do so and spring the trap
then (thisalso works for romances, family mattersandother
‘one- or two-character plot elements). Dim the lights or use
appropriate music to establish the atmosphere in the gam-
ing area. Narrate the setting, but let your player do as she
will. Then play off each other. Again, if you cooperate this
is easier than it seems

‘Once events in a solo session have reached a point
where others can join, wrap the session up and seta date for
the next game. If you haven't had time for a whole game
session, a blue-booking exchange (see Chapter One or
Hidden Lore, pages 8-9) might be in order. Either way,
‘open the next collective game with the other characters
realizing that something's wrongwith the mage in question.
From there, guide them along through the territory you've
already explored with the solo player. Again, improvise
using whatever notes or scenes you used before. When
things seem to have reached a fitting climax, allow your
players to find the solution to the Realm or Quiet. Ifthings
seem too easy, have something boot the characters out and
start again.

You can usualy stay one step ahead of your players by
answering four simple questions:

‘© Why is this happening?
‘© What's making it happen?

‘© What might stop it from happening?
‘© What else might happen in the meantime?

PF

ID.

Once you have the answers to those queries, the map
of the Realm or mindscape lies infront of you. Don't worry
about having the answers to everything before you begin.
Most questions, once asked, answer themselves.

Seekings and the
Avatar

‘* What about Seekings? How can I run one?

Seekingsarespecial cases. A mystickadvances through
cone to the next level of her enlightenment. A Seeking pits
the mage against aspects of her personality that she must
transcend. These stumbling blocks often manifest as sym
bols, and the keys to the puzzle offer themselves in
‘metaphorical terms. Classic symbols — caves, deep water,
flame, riches, animals — feature prominently in most
voyages, but these symbols can vary depending on the
‘mage's culture or beliefs. Most Western mages' Seckings
involve trials by the four elements, but many Eastern
mysticks encounter puzzles left by the gods. Each journey is
uniquely suited to the mage in question and features the
issues facing her in the story. Asa Storyteller, [recommend
setting aside time to prepare a Seeking session with the
player (or blue-booking it), and preparing the obstacle
course in advance

AllSeekings follow a certain pattern: The mage enters
adreamworld where things have symbolic form. She over
comes some sort of frightening obstacle — let's say she
passes through a wall of fire — to enter the first "chamber"
and goes from there to another, and another. Each "cham-
ber" represents a state of enlightenment — in game terms,
point of Arete. She'll encounter 10 chambers throughout
her life, each representing a trial, each trial more difficult
than the las. Every time she goes Secking, the mage must
pass through the chambers she's encountered before; the
details of each trial alter slightly time she goes
through, though, so it's never exactly the same trip twice.
Ie's always possible to fail a test that's been passed before.
(On top ofall this, the mystick's Avatar often shows up for
the ride, offering slight hints but leaving the puzae for the
‘mage to unravel. Some Avatars actively frustrate their
mages, especially if conflicts have occurred between the
sorcerer and her inner self. (More about running Avatars,
below.)

Iffwhen the mystick passes her trial, the Secking ends
and the mage has @ rapturous moment — an Epiphany —
which affectsher for days. Iffwhen she fails (which she often
will) the pains of the trial consume her. Most magesemerge
from a failed voyage trembling, depressed and often terri-
fied by the things they encountered. Sometimes the
punishment or obstacle is so severe that a mage falls into.a
‘Quiet for dayson end. Other times, a sorcerer suffers a loss
‘of Willpower —a couple of temporary points are gone until
she rebuildsher determination. In certain cases, such asthe

53

WIS ZZ

(Chapter Two: The Storyeler's Comer


Y
'

character relies too heavily on her magick in or outside the
voyage, she might return to the real world missing son
Vital sense, like sight orhearing, and she must learn to wor
without it. Only when she passes the Seeking obstacles will
she advance in Arete. This takes lifetimes for most mages;
not years, but centuries. Many never make the trp all the
way to the end.

In general, Seekings follow six steps: Initiation, Im
pediment, Trial, Choiceandeither Acceptanceand Closure
or Denial and Failure.

* Initiation begins the quest. The mage passes
through some symbolic gateway which leads to the rest of,
the vision.

* Impediment presents the first challenge. The
mage' fears and insecurities manifest and tell her "Thou
shalt not pass." This step often requires a Willpower roll to
get through

* Trials present obstacles that terrify the Seeker by
confronting her with the issues that she must face. Ex-
amples include a cliff (which she must jump from), a fire
(which she must walk through), laughing spirits (which she
must dismiss) or other symbolic barriers

* Choice forces the mage to make adecision during
a Trial. That decision closes the chamber and either allows
the mage passage or sends her back "home."

* Acceptance is the correct choice, and it's not an
easy one to make. The questing mage must face her deepest
issues, often abandoning things she loves or embracing
things she fears. This also might entail a Willpower roll,
although the brunt of the decision should reston the player
(who hopefully takes the whole thing seriously). From
there, Closure brings an Epiphany and ends the quest. The
rapture lasts for days; the Arete is fairly permanent, (See
"Losing Arete or Willpower," Mage, page 230.)

Denial means the mage isn't ready yet. She fails
the test for whatever reason and plummets back to the
‘mortal world, and suffers some kind of trauma toremind her
of her loss. Failure's mark lingers for hours or days, and
ranges from tears and depression to blindness to Quiet or
Paradox-like Flaws. The greater the Seeking level, the
greater the cost of failure and the longer itlasts. The higher
you climb, as ie were

Some other things to keep in mind for Seeking ses-

+ Seekings are deliberate. They don''t just happen.
Tell your player to inform you when she wants to purchase
another point of Arete, then prepare a separate story in
which the character goes questing. If you want, discuss the
elements she'd like to see in the vision and consider
appropriate Trials that the character might encounter.

*# Choose appropriate symbols. A Virtual Adept
mightscean obstacle asamatrix wall ofcode,Dreamspeaker
might see a sheer peak, and a Man in Black might uncover

54

The Book of Mirrors The Mage Storytellers Guide

a conspiracy to dismantle his Convention. A good symbol-
‘ogy book (see Appendix) goes a long way toward picking
suitable icons.

Seckingsshould be roleplayingsessions, not dice
contests. Toss the systems out the window, narrate and
improvise. The only rolls the players should make are
Willpower rolls to determine if characters pass especially
nasty obstacles.

* Inner journeys often bring family matters, unre-
solved guilt or group tensions into the realm of the
subconscious. Many archmages remain stuck for centuries
oon end because they've become so enraptured with power
or politics that they cannot let go and advance.

* Seckings are about facing fears, abandoning
pleasures and accepting personal change. They are not easy
to begin with and should grow more difficult as time passes.

* No one but the Avatar comes along for a Seek-
ing. Such quests are personal affairs.

You can, of course, opt to leave Seekings out of your
game entirely and simply base character advancement on
experience points. Todoso,however, wouldrobthechronicle
of the potential for some really meaningful stories — and
some kick-ass solo games.

(An archetypal Seeking can be found in The Book of
Shadows, pages 175-176. Potential obstacles are men-
tioned in Mage, page 228.)

* What do I do with a character's Avatar?

Play it, [hope. There are untold hours of fun to be had
from teasing a player with his character's Mystick Self

From a strictly game-system perspective, the Avatar
allows 2 mage to refuel his personal Quintessence pool (up
of his Avatar rating unless he uses Prime
‘n'-store-it")- From a story perspective, things
are more interesting. The Avatar isan independent charac-
ter ike any other; the higher the mage's Background rating,
themore pronounced his Mystick Selfisand the more often
it appears. Like I said, you can have a great time adding
commentary from the shadows through the Avatar's voice.
Best of all, most Avatars are invisible to other mages so you
can prod a player without making a commotion.

Lots of people have questions about the origins of
Avatars. I'd like to leave the issue open to interpretation.
The Mystick Self is supposed to be enigmatic; wrapping it
up in systems and pronouncements takes away from the
Avatar's mystique, and triviaizes what can be the most
important motivating force in a mage's life.

‘Avatars can have many different forms: pets, shadows,
towering figures wrapped in flame, divine voices, future
selves, even characters that seem real but elude everyone
else's sight. (Has anyone out there ever figured out who
Cassie's Avatar was in Cult of Ecstasy?) While you might
discuss the nature of an Avatar with a player before you
begin a chronicle, ic might be more fun to let the character


i

iscover his Mystick Self the hard way. It all depends on

what you want to do in the game.

(Mage discusses the Avatar on pages 31-32, 131 and
230. Most Tradition and Technocracy books mention
various Avatars in both obvious and obscure terms. White
Wolffinphobia magazine (issues 48-51) explored the mage
Avatar bond in a four-part comic called "Embracing the
Mask." The Book of Shadows presents a nice litte tale by
Beth Fischi on pages 164-166.)

Time, Science and
Technomancy

‘ Ifscience is magick, how can Sleepers use
technology become magick if it's brought back is
a point before its own 2 Ifthe Technocrats are
so advanced, why didn't the ancient ones use Time
magick to foresee modern technology, invent it, and kick
the Traditions' collective ass?

(Warning: Major esoterica alert. Donotexpectan easy
answer.)

In our world, certain things are law. Water flows
downhill. People don' float off the ground. Fire begins with
aspark. Living things breathe. Both science and magic (and
their cousin religion) accept these laws, then go about
defining why the laws exist and how a person might get
around them. The borders of science are narrower than
those of most forms of magic or faith, but as quantum
physics and chaos mathematics show, those parameters
aren't nearly as defined as we think. True Magick, the Art
of the mage, reaches beyond the limits that most mortals
understand; magick makes the most basic laws open to
interpretation. Even magick, however, accepts that some
things come with the territory.

Magick isnot arbitrary Itstill works within the defini-
tions of Creation. The more you understand Creation,
though, the more you can tinker with it. In game terms, a
character advances through the Spheres as her Arete in
creases. Normal humans can move the boundaries of
Creation slightly with heroic effort, but they cannot do it
con a whim. Mastering the boundaries of Creation requires
more than just an open mind — it demands a mental,
physical, spiritual and metaphysical Awakening, as well as
control and expertise (Arete and the Spheres). Without all
that, a person can operate within the limits of natural laws,
but finds it hard to overcome them.

‘+ What sets these natural laws?

The basic structure of things came with the package.
The foundations of existence were in place long before
people arrivedon thescene. Dinosaursdid not float through
the air like soap bubbles, even though there were no
Technomancers to tell them they couldn't. The oldest
legends claim many miraculous things happened, but even,
then there were limits.

1 SS_ZNN

Chapter Two: The Storyteller's Comer 55


‘Somewhere alongthe line people discovered that those
limits could shift if folks believed they could. The more
people who believed in something, the more likely it
became. The reverse was also true; if people would not
accept something or if they felt it was unnatural, the
possibilities for itnarrowed. In time the basic structure gave
way toa host of different possibilities. A person mightmake
fire by rubbing sticks together in one possibility, or might
call upon the fire spirits to do it for him in another. One
method might work better than the other in some places,
while both would work equally well in others — depending
con what people believed would work. This "belief factor"
became crucial over time. Ie didn't matter much tothe eatly
folk, but as cultures arose it became vital to those who
stepped outside the boundaries — the mages.

As the possibilities shifted, the magic, technology and
religions available to the common folks (the ones who
couldn't do anything new) followed. The limits followed the
will and beliefs of the people, and there were always limits.
No culture, no matter how mystical, believes in everything.
‘True Magick's own laws—the bordersof Paradox—settled
around those limitations. Anything outside those bound-
aries remained possible, bt risky. Ifpeople said "That won't
work," there was a good chance that it wouldn't — or that
it would blow up in the mage's face.

For millennia most forms of ritual magick were pos
sible; people could talk to spirits, conjure storms and heal
the sick so long as their Arts worked according to local
beliefs (see "Magick Styles" in Mage," pages 72-73 and 179-
186). At that time technomagick was difficult to perform
(read: vulgar in most cases), and modern technology was
out of bounds, even for the "technomancers" of the era.
Runningaround witha gun would havebeen inconceivable
in ancient Rome, although the thought of a rapid-fire
missile weapon had probably occurred to a few
‘Technomancers by that time. Daedalus isa perfectexample
of the Classical Technomancer: a man capable of miracles
given time, materials and the belief of his people. Even so,
hisdevices rarely worked without complications — in other
words, Paradox,

In game terms we use the parameters of coincidental
magick to define what is and isn't considered possible (for
the modem era's limits, see "The Cinematic Example" in
Mage). The more people who believe thingis possible, the
more coincidental becomes. Early attemptsat technology
or technomagick were risky; the "classic" laboratory explo-
sion could have resulted from Paradox backlash.

* So was the first person to create fire a mage? Was
everyone Awakened back then?

‘The question's open to debate, and mysticks havebeen
doing ust that for millennia. I's possible thareveryone was
‘Awakened in ancient times, but personally I don't thinks.


More likely, the first fitemaker had a quantum leap of
thought (a heroic effort) or a stroke of dumb luck, learned
hhow to do that one trick well, and passed it on.

Many legends disagree; in most cultures' lore, the first
people were near-divine beings with the power to com-
mand the elements at will. Seeing as how the ancient
vampires and shapeshifters supposedly preyed on people at
whim, chat myth doesn't seem likely. Some primordial folk,
often called the Wyck, were True Mages in the Awakened
sense, and were by all accounts a race apart from other
people — linked to the mundane people by blood, but
working on a higher plane.

Toreturntothe original question, technology grows to
suit the prevailing beliefs. One man builds a machine,
‘makes it work (or convinces people that it will), and others
make use of it eventually. Over time it becomes part of
belief — part of realty. I's not magick, exactly, unless the
machine or process in question pushes the boundaries of
reality so far that only sheer will can make the device
function. Sleepersare capable of such "strokes of genius" on
‘occasion, but lack mages' ability to will chem on command.
‘Normal people's technology relies on someone else paving
the way.

The technological device that is taken through a time
portal may work in the past. Or it may not. It's your choice,
based on what you want to happen in your game. Do you
‘want a character to become like Ash in Army of Darkness?
‘Then let the shotgun and chain saw rule. Ifnot, they're just
lumps of metal filled with dangerous fluids and powders.
‘Who knows what'll happen if something from a different
time appears in a period whose residents cannot compre-
hhend its existence? Are the laws of mathematics, physics
and chemistry part of those basic laws we discussed earlier,
‘ordid they come about because enough people willed them
to be? The answer depends on what you want to occur in
‘your chronicle. It's not one we can give you.

Someone once asked if a Sleeper passing through a
time portal could synthesize gunpowder in the Dark Ages
using the available tools and his memorized science notes.
Tid say that someone trying to synthesize gunpowder with
medieval technology and some hacily recalled science pa
pers doesn't need Paradox to blow himself up, though he
might succeed on a small scale — if the Storyteller wants
hhim to. A traveler who tries to set up a gunpowder factory
in an unfamiliar time period is asking for trouble, whether
he's Awakened of not. Although Paradox doesn't usually
affectun-Awakened mortals there's no telling who it might
affect ifa mage acts radically in another period. The laws of
reality are tera incognita in the distant past or future.
‘Anyone, mage oF mortal, who tries to fool with the estab-
lished order might create a paradox, evoking the effect of
the same name.

* If early Technocrats discovered things and there-
fore created reality, what existed before they existed?

The early Technocratic explorers didn't discover teal:
ity or define reality (much as they might like to believe) —
they limited it. They took something that was by nature
more fluid than the lands from which they came and forced
it to conform ro their views by eliminating its possibilities.

How is that possible? The Order of Reason's Inner
Circle understood that a simple adage — "Anything that
isn't nailed down is mine. Anything I can pry up is not
nailed down" —containsa metaphysical truth: Ifyourmojo
isstronger than another person's, his eality belongs to you
The scattered shamans of the Americas and Africa worked
insmall groups or alone. The Technocrats worked together
and had the collective weight of the Old World behind
them when they went forth into the unknown. Tolay claim
to a "weaker" reality, the early Technocrats sent their
agents out to convert the land through ritual, indoctrina
tion and force. Over time they spread their limited view of
reality across the world (although a few remote locations
are stil free of their dominion — for now).

How did they do ic? Their efforts began by establishing
"party line," a doctrine of what was and was not possible
(Or what was and wasn't legitimate — many early Techno-
‘cats were still God-fearing and regarded pagan magick as
unnatural Devil's work" or "superstition" rather than as
"impossibility.") Once this paradigm had been established,
theexplorers went forth intouncharted lands. They claimed
those lands for God, king and country, named them on
‘maps and in journals, and sent accounts of their efforts back
home. From then on, when people heard names like "Vir.
‘inia," they thought of the land they had been told existed,
‘A name had been given, and names have power. (See
Chapter Six.)

Back in the "new" lands, the explorers tore down the
natives' sacted placesand performed new rituals, consecrat-
ingtheenergiestothe Technocrats'purposesandeliminating
their opposition. Local shamans and elders were killed or
converted and children were taken away to missions or
schools where they were taught that the old ways were
wicked and impossible. Over time the possibilities of the
‘New World were narrowed down to what the Inner Circle
chose to allow. (Just look atthe terminology — the Ameri
cas were named for mapmaker Amerigo Vespucci, the
native people were called "Indians" and "Negroes" and
terms like "New World" and "Dark Continent" became
common references.)

No conversion is perfect, though. Reality still has lor
ofgivet0it,and no culturehas ever completely rejected the
notion of magick. Stil, the free-flowing reality that the
indigenous mysticks understood was turned against them.
The Technocratic paradigm has won — for now.

Chapter Two: The Storyteller's Comer 7

WSS ZZ


Y
N

* How can I put that into game terms?

By adjusting coincidence. If the local culture favors
Lakota shamanism, the Son of Ether and the Man in Black
are going to have problems. Ifa shaman arrives in Central
Park, he has a nasty surprise in store. The Arts he used so
freely back home turn vulgar and dangerous. If you're
running a game in the pastor future, use common sense. A
Christian missionary who asks fordivine intercession in the
pirate-age Caribbean has a better chance of fitting in than
the one who prays in the Amazon jungles during the same
period. Ifyour chronicle takes place long before the Ascen-
sion War, you might even adjust magick difficulties to
"Highest Sphere + 2/ Highest Sphere + 3/ Highest Sphere
+ 4° to reflect a more flexible reality. It's your game.
(Chapter Five features some suggested guidelines for alter-
nate time periods in the World of Darkness.)

The Ascension War

* Do we have to play members of the nine Tradi-
tions? Must I use the Ascension War as my chronicle
setting?

Not at all. You can run a Technocracy game, a Crafts
game or a mixed-group chronicle, so long as the characters
have some reason to be together. Your troupe can avoid the
factions altogether and forge its own destiny (see "Solitar-
ies" in Mage, pages 55-56); my mage does. Although I
hhesicate to suggest a Nephandi chronicle (the issue of black
smagickstrikesa little too close tohome; see above) and feel
that a Marauder one would be problematic, they are always
options if you're willing to do the work (see The Book of
Madness, Chapters One and Three). The Council merely
provides one of several options in the Ascension War.

‘Asa symbol of change, order, balance and decay, the
Ascension War isa backdrop for adventure and is a power-
ful allegory. It's alsoa logical progression from the question
"What if you really could mold reality through magick?" 1
thinkiit'sreasonable to assume that, given magick's powers,
secret societies would spring up and vie for world domina-
tion. Mortal nations have done it throughout human
existence, so why should magickal societies be any differ-
ent? The forces these societies represent tie into the
metaphysical heart of the game; the struggle between them
represents the dance of Creation itself. Finally, the Ascen-
sion War providesa forum for debate and satire. The writers
and artists who create the game books make many subtle
{andnotsosubtle) commentaries, and individual Storytell-
ers can pack thei chronicles with as many political and
social observations as they desire. In short, the Ascension
War provides a lot of raw material and a framework for
building with it.

Ifthe conflict doesn't work foryou, scrap itanddo what
you will. The only constants in a Mage game should be:

58 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

* The idea that magick is a real and viable force:
* That magick stretches the boundaries between
what is real and what is not,
* That magick carries the weight of responsibility,
whether you like it or not; and,
* That the mage transforms both herself and the
world around her through her Arts.

‘The Ascension War provides conflict dynamic anda
metaphor for the forces involved, but it's hardly the only
way toplay the game, One of Mage's greatest strengths (and
‘most intimidating aspects) is that there isn't a "right" way
to play it It's as open-ended as you want it to be.

* Does a character have to stay in his original
Tradition? Does everyone in a Tradition practice the
same magickal style?

Notoboth questions. Traditions are social groups, not
magickal castes. Some of them are more formal than others,
but all of them offer members some flexibility. Obviously
they mandate some kind of instruction (the magickal styles
described in the group descriptions) and order, but they
rarely restrain a member who wants to leave.

In the beginning the Council formed around three
things: magickal practices, cultural backgrounds and mystic
philosophies. Over the last 500 years it has come to favor
the last two qualifications over the first, and considers
philosophy more important than anything else. The early
‘Traditions insisted on orthodoxy, but soon pitched the idea
when it became impractical. Nowadays a mage uses what-
ever tools she prefers.

There are elements common to the Traditions, of
course; Hermetic masters don't teach their apprentices
pagan blood magick, and Virtual Adepts don't build Fran-
enstein monsters. People tend to be drawn to others like
themselves, so most mages within a given Tradition prac-
tice similar magicks. Even so, a Tradition provides a
‘community, nota commandment. Some Verbena use com-
puters, Some Eestatics use them, too. Some Virtual Adepts
prefer to work their magick through musical instruments,
while their Dreamspeaker friends talk tothe spits of power
tools. Diversity is the cornerstone of the Council of Nine;
s0 long as a mage agrees with the idea behind the magick,
the form she uses to channel itis unimportant.

‘A mage who leaves one Tradition for another might be
considered flaky, even dangerous. Magick requires disci-
pline, and while the Traditions value imagination, they
frown on people who can't make up their minds. The rival
factions within the Traditions (and their enemies) value
trust. A mystick who shuttles between different groups
seems untrustworthy; one who leaves the Council entirely
seems treasonous. Even so, some mages forswear allegiance
to the Tradition that trained them. Most even live to tell
about it. Quitting is not in itself a capital offense.


ID.

The Conventions are a lot more rigid. Technocrats
consider themselves parts of an important machine, and
they don't take well to people who refuse to fi in. Malcon-
tents rarely end up in the Technoeracy's ranks to begin
with, though. ffthe Union's ideals don't scare them off, its
screening process often weeds them out

The Crafts are a lot like Traditions. Although they
don't deal with Ascension politics or wrestle with Council
intrigues, they have affairs of their own to attend to. Like
the Traditions and Conventions, each Craft is a society
with rules, agendas, a shared history and a culture. The
Book of Crafts covers some ofthe larger magickal societies,
but many others can exis if you want to create them. The
world is certainly large enough co permit a variety of
magickal culeures.

So-called Orphans have the clearest Path of all. They
simply do whatever they want and go wherever their lives
lead them, Naturally those lives involve the same struggles
that other mysticksface. Mage's Chapter Two describes the
‘universal Mystick Path; membership in a magickal society
isan option, nora requirement. Those who avoid or defect
from the large factions or Craftsstill walkin their shadows,
often watching their backs for mages who don't take their
treason well. Those who Awaken on theit own or work
within some smaller group or culture (like a Wiccan who
attainsherfull potential without actually encountering the
Verbena) carve their own Paths as they go. The road is
familiar, but the hazards are much less obvious

SS

aN

WES Zi

Despite the old frst-edition preconception of Orphans
as frightened, hunted children, the solitaries and indepen-
dlents of the world can be as strong and accomplished as the
greatest Tradition mages. Fictional sorcerers like John
Constantine, Merlin or Mercedes Lackey's creations Diana
Tregarde and Jennifer Talldeer would exist outside of
Ascension War factions, yet would follow Arts as estab-
lished and powerful as their more obvious counterparts
‘Tregarde is obviously a witch, but would not bea Verbena;
Talldeer follows a modern Native American practice based
‘on ancestral lore, but would not be a Dreamspeaker in the
strictest sense. These examples, and many others, show
what you can do with Mage. So no, your characters aren't
restrict to Traditions for life. They're not restricted to any
atall

And speaking of first-edition preconceptions: Not all
Orphans are Hollow Ones. In fact, the Hollow Ones are
technically a Craft, an organized magickal society, though
most of their members Awaken on their own. Still, each
Orphan is an individual; they don't all dessin black lace
and listen to The Cure. Honest. (Not that there's anything
surong with that, mind you.)

Chapter Two: The Storytellers Comer 59

‘* The upper levels of the Spheresare really powerful.
‘Why don't the archmages simply wish the Technocracy
out of existence? Why doesn't the Inner Circle mount an
all-out attack against Horizon? Why do all these
ultrapowerful mages plot and plan instead of wipe each
other out?

They don't wipe each other out for the same reasons that
the US, the Soviet Union and China didn't just settle their
differences the old-fashioned way during the Cold War: mutu-
ally assured destruction. Ifyourrival has the same weapons you
have, and any one of you could wipe the floor with Creation,
it's suicide to whip out the nukes and let fly. There's a
tremendous amount of reality at an archmage's fingertips. No
fone wants to be on the receiving end of it if he gets mad.
Multiply that power bya dozen of more and you'll understand
why Doissetepisahotbed of intrigue instead of abatleground.
Ifevery archmage in the Chantry dealt with his problems like
‘an angry mortal would, the place would have become a crater
centuries ago. Ifall the rival mysticks did the some... Wel,
draw your own conclusions.

There's also something to be said for age and enlight-
enment. Violence is rarely the best solution to a problem,
andkilling your enemy isn'talwaysthe best option (ifi'san
‘option at all). An archmage realizes the folly of wasting a
life: A dead person can neverbe your friend orally. He can't
trade with you, do your dirty work or join you. Worst of all,
he might come back as a wraith or in some other incarna-
tion that remembers you enough to hate you (a problem the
Akashics discovered when they waged the Himalayan Wars
against the early Euthanatos cults). A dead person cannot
change the world, and while killing seems like an easy
solution to the Ascension War, most enlightened mysticks
realize how important all kinds of change are.

Believe itor not, many mages still consider murder a
blasphemy against Creation (or at the very least a waste of
good potential), and they hold life as sacred. Killing isn't
something taken lightly, and ic carries consequences be-
yond simple jail time. All culeuresrevile murder; even ones
that glorify war take a dim view of killing one's own kind.
By the time they reach the highest levels of their Arts,
images realize that they all belong tothe same clan, the samme
culture, the same family. To wish each other out of exist-
ence would be tantamount to fratricide. They'll do it, but
not lightly. And it always has a price tag.

‘Murder by magick isthe rikiestkind of warfare—who
knowshow the killing will affect you further down the line?
Resonance isa fact chat most archmages accept. The things
you do come back to you, even if the forms they take aren't
always obvious. Even the Euthanatos avoid using magick as
‘a murder weapon, especially against other mages. You can
never tll what the long-term karmic backlash might be.

‘And then there's the big picture to consider. Mages
(specially old ones) tend to take the long view of things,
and murder is a limited option. There are some serious

60 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

forces at work in our ever-changing Creation, and notall of
them are as obvious as they seem. Remember that each of
the four great factions represents a cosmic principle
dynamism, stasis, entropy and balance. What happens if
you wipe one out? No one who considers the Ascension
War's stakes wants to find out. Better to neutralize your
enemy, touse, convertor bind him, than todestroy him. He
may hold the key to eterity in his hands

‘* What about Ascension? What does it mean to you?
How would you run it in a game? What does a character
need to accomplish to Ascend?

First ofall, let me tel you what Ascension isn't. I'snot
gainingan Arete of 10. k'snot attaining 6in all Spheres. t's
not achieving great power in a Horizon Realm. As mages
throughout time can attest, chose things actually distract
cone from Ascension. Ascension itself is transcendence of
power, not the acquisition oft, and it's far more elusive and
ephemeral than raw will or understanding.

(The mythical Oracles may have Ascended, but no
one's really sure. Lots of mages doubt these grand figures
even exist. For the record, I want tosay chat there will beno
‘Oracle rules or Spheres. Oracles aren't power-oriented —
in fact, they may have set aside mortal magick aleogether
through their limitless understanding. No one I've ever
known is capable of playing a being that has transcended
human limitations; when you think about it, rules for doing
0 would be a contradiction in terms.)

There's another form of Ascension, of course: extemal
Ascension, wherein everyone reaches Nirvana atonce. Thisis
where the goals ofthe various factions come in. Everyone has
a different impression of transcendence, and each group is
convinced that its ideal isthe perfect one, that if everyone just
believes asthe faction does, everything will be perfect. Noone
{squite sure what will happen after this occurs, but hey, ill be
‘great, It doesn't take a Rhodes scholar to recognize my com.
mentary on that conviction, which runs through the whole
Mage line: fanatics are notoriously blind to the flaws in their
‘own ideals. People have fought the goriest crusades in history
over lesser concepts, 0 the Ascension War makes perfect
sense, given the goal

Running Ascension is difficult; it's like trying to write
a story about the ultimate heaven, one beyond the usual
hhagps and halos bullshit, where everything really is perfect.
How do you run a game there? I'd say you don't. If you
choose to have a character Ascend, that's cool, just don't
expect to have her run around the chronicle afterward. I
make a few suggestions about Ascension and the game in
‘Chapter Nine of the main rulebook (pages 231-232), but
my best advice is this: Ascension issuspense. I'sacarroron
a stick. Once the horse has the carrot, the trp is over.

Ultimately Mage isn't about winning by Ascending
Ie's about the quest for Ascension, about the journey of
transformation that comes with a new reality. That quest
may be eternal (I think itis) but ie' an essential part of a


mage— of humanity, for that matter. Ascension isn'tabout
winning, i's about progress. Those who look for a single
goal as "the final Ascension" are, I believe, missing the
point. The corrupt visions of the Technocracy, Nephandi,
‘Tradition archmasters and Marauders show what happens,
when that search is lost in agendas

‘At the end of Clarissa Ryan's saga in the Mage rulebook,
Clarissa Ascends. She's not especially powerful or even en-
lightened, but by surrenderingher life, she gains something far
seater, something her treacherous mentor won't find if he
livesa thousand years. How do you describe that which defies
description? You go beyond. Ascension is when you move on
past everything we understand, past goal, limits and states of
mind, It isa state beyond human limits, whether spiritual,
physical or metaphysical. Hey, if 500-year-old mages can't
answer the question better than that, who am Ito do it?

* Who's really winning the Ascension War?

That would be telling :). Seriously, I think you should
decide the winning side for yourself. Let's purithis way: It's
never who you think itis.

Last Word: If It's Not
Fun, Why Bother?

Underall the layers, Mage isa game. It's supposed to be
fun —fun for everyone, including you. Everybody has their
‘own definitions of fun, of course, but if you're miserable
every time your turn at Storytelling comes around, some-
thing is wrong.

‘Several years ago. young Storyteller whom I dubbed "the
Loophole Fairy" called me constantly. His players, it seemed,
hhad taken the freeform nature of Mage's magick system as
license todo whatever the hell they wanted to, on the grounds
that the rules didn' specifically say they couldn'. After afew
calls (during which I learned the extent to which rules rapist
players could destroy both a game and their Storytelle's
sanity) [told him ie didn't sound like he was having any fun.
Heallowed that he wasn't." Then why the hell do youbother?"
I asked. He never called again.

In the early days, roleplaying games pitted the
gamemaster against his players, That adversarial relation-
ship still continues in some groups. Things don'chave tobe
this way; in the long run, constant conflict breeds animos-
ity, not friendship. Personally, feel that the best games are
fn fora the players, including the one who runs the game.

So if you're not enjoying yourself, talk to your players
before the next session begins. Let them know what's
bothering you. Chances are they simply aren't aware that
they'te driving you nuts and will probably change theit
hhabiesonce they understand the problem. Ifthey ignore you
or, worse still, antagonize you further, quit. That'salwaysan
option. You're not under any obligation to run a game fora
bunch of dicks. If Storytelling isn't fun, there's not much
point in doing it.

a

I.E

TS JD

‘Chapter Two: The Storyteller's Comer 61

Chapter Three:
Behind the
Scenes of the
Ascension War

Every perspective contains its own truth — from the angle

of ome perceiver or one group.

—Robert Anton Wilson, Reality Is What YouCan Get

Away Wick

Nomanis good enough tobe another man's master.
— George Bernard Shaw, Major Barbara
u done to my hand?" The
the ruined mess of flesh and
"What have you done to me?"
ET have done nothing." Santiago was
dismissive, imperial. Sei, the lle man persisted
with his complaints. Santiago sighed. "Listen, 1
hall explain. Did you agree to join with us?"
"Yes — Yes, I did.
‘Knowing that there would be a price?"
‘Yes, but I never expected this!
knew that there was a price. And did you not seal our covenant
‘with us and ou Master by placing your hand within the Pool that

dit in

e@ is the gate to our Master's realm?

Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascension War

The litle man was confused. "Yes, but when I pulled my
hand out, it looked lke—"

‘Quiet. You placed your hand inthe gates of our Master's
domain, and you want to know what I've done to it? Idiot. But
have some good news for you."

‘Oh, really?" The litle man's face brightened, even as he
cradled his mutilated stump.

"Yes. Ile you take ic up withthe Master personally." And
asthe litle man was carved away srickirg tobe placed in the Pool,
Sanuiago noted thar his screams were not so annoying after al

Weeall know about the Traditions; the main rulebook,
various Tradition books, Horizon: Stronghold of Hope,
The Book of Shadows, Hidden Lore (Chapter Three) and
The Book of Chantries (Chapters One and Four) all
contain stockpiles of information about the Council cous-
ins. Hard info about the Technocracy, Nephandi and
Marauders is more difficult to come by. While the various
Technocracy books, The Book of Madness and Hidden

6B


Lore's third chapter hold plenty of information, those
sources are scattered and often subjective. Sometimes you
need a litle more to go on. Well, here itis — to a point.
This chapter covers the Ascension conflict from a
Storytellers perspective, exploringwho these mystical com-
batants are and what chey mean to you. Even so, we've left
you lots of room to move. The adversary that's too familiar
loses power. A Nephandus becomes just another mage if

yousstand her in broad daylight and point out all her flaws.
Besides, your players will probably read this book, too.
‘What fun would it be if all of the Fallens' schemes were
nailed down here in black and white, exposed for the Chart-
‘Checking-Loophole-Finder's next attack? Hence, we've
left you the tools; the shapes you carve from the shadows
come from your imagination alone.

Marauders

BY "Good God," said Arthur,"
sea front at Southend."
Hell, I'm relieved to hear you say that,

"it looks jus like the
said

the Hall of Mirrors, has been the
able treaties, including the Treaty

sas covered the ceiling, and the polished
his face back at him. Only the windox

night ell and the lights came up, he ki

revel the truth: frst the shine of his gray,

aint of his mirrored sunglases, the dazzling sp

the faceted chime around his neck — then, mi

‘weakly handsome face and early-white hair.

Eneranced, he stepped out smartly in his
leather wingtips and laid a perfectly manicured fi
closest glass tile.

"Sir, please do not couch the walls or furnishings."

Ignored, the guide pursed his lips and snapped his fingers for
the guards. "Sir, please remove your hand from the wal," he
continued, "or we will have 0 ask you to leave." After a
‘moment's pause the guide signaled and a guard stepped in. The
gaudy young stranger shrugged off the guard's grip.

Forced to consider the distraction, the Echo shifted his
‘attention (but not his eyes) from the wall. His hand passed lazily
‘over the shiny pendant around his neck. The guards, the guide
and the tourists vanished. The room 'sinfnie reflections bubbled
and warped. Behind the rooms many images of the Marauder,
startled eyes stared, open mouths screamed and bleeding fists
pounded soundlessly

‘The Echo saunered dreamily tothe centr of the room.

64 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

The Kingdom of the Mad

So you want to throw a Marauder or 20 into your
chronicle. Excellent! The crazies offer everything a Story-
teller could want in subplots and antagonists: An
overreaching, take-over-the-worldmentality;specific,char-
acter-confusing goals interesting, difficult-to-combatbattle
tactiéyyand more quirks and foibles chan any thousand
‘Tecfioara have,

{Tight, maybe thar'sa little exaggerated. Rumor has
ere are afew interesting Technocrats and, natu-
‘more you elaborate on any character, the more
ing he becomes. The point is: Technocrats are
" and you can justify doing them cookie-cutter styl.
meant to be that way and that's cool. Marauders,

ver, don't come in six-packs.
Jad Ones have certain things
ents in mind when the sick
ur game. This section isa kick-
heels, if you will, for the magickally
details, check out The Book of Madness,
peccally the "Storyteller Hints" on page

yfommon. Keep the

le buggers ap
stargpuide — tr

"Fone of the main reasons why players are advised
‘against creating Marauder characters,

‘The term "Marauder" comes from a 12th century
account of "ravaging marauds like unto the mad, serewing
storms like flour in a baker's hovel." The "maravds" in
question laid waste to the Hermetic Covenant of Fuar
Drochit, turning the stones to flowers and setting ire tothe
wells. Word of the massacre made its way into the annals of
House Criamon and the name Marauder stuck to the Mad
Mages like tar and feathers. It's not a name they use
themselves, understand — far be it for them to consider
such a dull title. It's not like they know each other or
anything. What a silly choughe!

From the outside looking in (or is thac inside looking
‘out, it's easy to recognize the things that bind the crazies
together. First, all Marauders are clini

ly insane. When a r )


fick generates no backlash unless

the Mad One botches hee spell, Vulgar magick generates

backlash, but nor the automatic Point of Paradox, Caley-

late what the backlash ought to be according to regular
Mage rules (page 167).

* Then, for every point of Quiet a

Marauder has,
btract three points of backlash, The Marauder is affected

Yl
INEZ
P™ Sxict Poradoxana rot tea nih
Wild Magick lnficing this ‘hounced" Paradox is los of fi For you,
ignore eet on how nam you want he you can
ses At bg sytem dliferencesberween Bettie crore "pesoral" beads Paradox Flaws and the Burn
@ and "ordinary" mages. Those differences are handledinthe Per nat onmogsinhewea pa
Special, cooked gray thing for easy referer Bhayen'chanctas. "Group beled Paci Rees |
Wratitis afect the Awakened in the sea your discretion,
‘The Mad. Mad, Mad, Mad World cra Gon the characerstoally wih the hea eo
Mechanics. coyote to Marauders? Sick ‘em in a ne Universe
he trades in all of ‘ogether fora session. Stop for theevening just: ‘after the Realm
of Permanent Quiet, A. 2 Ne ef ntsc mind ingngclier Toss
sscribed in thechart bel afew into themix for even more jollies
of the worldview he "ch Bue back to busine
Quiet Chare jadhen.a Marauders player botches a vulgar magickal
Quiet Score Degree of Madness roll the characters Quiet increnses The rate is one point per
1 One constane, simple difference between ST that Comes up ater all successes are negated (1 c,adouble
cra tele Vytew Maraad. oof poe PID of Qe). Depending eine
8 ae this sine, FA EPOWEE you maintain in your chroakee you may
2-3 The Marnudect univece i dee fom extend this penalty Boreha coincidental rolls, too, The
relly in a fe-basic way, but he ean ih Te Bat hcuse role 12 treat Marwan ‘coincidental
The Maat ttttdundercandtheworld, pag boxthes like parculaly caaroyie 1 Ones.
4605 The Mathuder' world haste oe with "6 The ‘moves up the Quiet charewhen aboech
reality, but most ofthe important event socially ea iaMbathiscurent madnes level ured interacts
And people he knows are "translated" fa, Treehatth Peple or things that dont shee he
him by his Avatar ‘Prceliorcobride the gapberwecn character'sown world
79 Commitiieation tetweinithe Marsuderand andsomeone ace reduceshis insanity byone pole per mec
powers Paths is alos imposible A of ene His Avpear radjusts his delusions to noe the
Powerful Marauder at this stage wande: ‘orld lle more, andthe Paradox "beedes
{hough the world, or more frequently fe
e@ Umbro, andi ao accident wating to hare
Pen. Reality cears where he goes Marauders are
10 _SaaticRealiycannotsupporthe Marauder shouldn't beable to. How did» li
snggtoP Out of any Realm he visis ae cron Power to call up a griffin i
taksthroughthe Unbraaiglesly. Noone sat ‘mages have tr
8 what happens next don' really apply to these guys ¥
Thisien'tquite chesame seale of madnéssas the onefor for Paradox, so why should a little
‘normal Quiets foccomparison see Mage, Page 178. eon eS Be oir dy
When ses over,"every three points Paradox D2) Ne wild alent
he had (or that hecnse, wen he first went Wyld) become 1 8226-227), Now imagine a chars
mt of emanent Qi. That tae Quer Yen Spheres expand and contract with he
rerorded onthe character sheet, ifthere one pregcharscia, | Maybe a eharacters nomal Aree 4
pillnever be saner than this his "madness devel" cannotdop, Pit is 2 and his Comespon toes is,
below this te smoune. Lene eee nail in other GBalffent places at once nko
‘unbersthowgh-— Merudesarinlnedwopee non gpd thtee arms. Can he do that? Ye
!f you need a faamework to hang
Paradox presume that one'can use her unpredi
Contry to popular belief, Marauders aren't rtirely evice ina sory. Ifyou realy wane eo be
tmmune to Pando. Here's how iraffecte her, ortwiceagame
* Coincidental mag


3pIng Sajatuong a8eyy ayy s0IN}_ JO YOO YL —_—99)

S31 S@pry ply 4p eA UoIsuaasy ayp UT aIqeDpoIdun
pue snewsru9 s10ur sigpneseyy ayp [eur o2 sdeysag
‘Seu uorrper | passazeyds-pooyg ayp 20} UPB kng 20 as0U8
‘yooys Aeu ‘uopeuyaut euorad s94 Uo Burpuadap ‘pur poses
ampay ap Ssy snpueydany ayp siooys Ajgagord xopnexeyy
DULL "(Ap ype a,uop) spur> Surdeld ajger e punoze Huns
aBeur [ounce pue snpueydony e ‘soerouy>ay, es. 2u9y
"109 © Ov Sqfese UNS w YpUN 3UO peyY © reIp SuIBewI UIOd
snap arensnyy oy. (-uys 01 Aydde usaop isnjpooyg SuizaunuNs
_S>pnereyy 94p 05 ‘x0m oyp U ENNaU pasapisuoD axe soiteus
{weydig pure exc ‘uonrpes) sou warp arey (Ajsnor>sU09
-4jns)siopneseyy yp os ‘Tem stp BuTUUI 96 UD||eS ILL,
ain pyA a atp soysines [Jas pue ‘op symesse aap e409 eM,
2aqp 61 yon se soangunuo> Auyéds pur BunpeNs ‘sre!IOUY>a,
Bunmunos aetp ‘saxawoy ‘SON pene [jm AO YR st I9e
yp ang ‘poypau pur aoe "ow saya pid ue SAUD PEYY AHL,
‘jeg atp paurof ay uous (wry way UDpors seA8 3130) uoRdO
aetp dn aned op soneur axp Ur 2o10y> ou sey Japnezeyy a1
‘pooigsayeanidurea vay xoyanypof-o2uy ‘eumsd esa pea,
a atp spoo8 249, 949 10 aanow aaesud ‘suINDOp ‘SHAD
josonew &20u s| uotssiw ot] Aoeoutpay pue spueydan,
Dy ‘Jem 9xp UI suoNDe) s9y20 OMG Jo suOTUTIN ay KonsaP
ono aie Say, epuaBe uouuod v aaey osje Sapnereyy
poajoaun siomod au Jo sonpa axp or dn Sige
unsaid st ou 20 Ajsiuypix suaddey stp 19429444 Opes
asureBe spjarys se aingyatoup asno3 Aayiqe aya saBeu par03]
9s Ayyryaie> "yenpraypuy saaif sem ayp Jo apis wsrweudcy
[soeUD/PIA A, yp Uo 3unas9]95 eaEKp st IMTOd JeatA aK,
"poaig Susfueyp saxo atp pue nozen ‘stds Surajoau
‘stoyd un eap eau estonvew sry pis 2x 303 2484 stapneseyy
aup "pis pur sanwargy "UA, JO RU 24 UT H4BOFOU!OD
JloMazayy 21] w MOU O1 Say 32 solsTUOIYD J2q]>UG0Ig
22x0ss0r> Uj "soeyD) Sv SiapnEIEyy ap PUR 29PIG se A>et
-pouypa | stp tuonsnnsax] se paryes9uasaq uD IpUEysN ST
aptuory>afey_roinse uf 3ey uoIsuaosy aup se uMoUTY 2uIeS
‘aysiw ayp wi sumed yng age Aatp (asea]d ‘ism aaisaaduat
‘snouss) asmeoag samod soup aney a]o\s ese siopMesEA,
‘oflew s9yz0 rDaye 01 May] axe a1es9Uas
sropnexeyy seyp saiids [njoduos pue saely xopeieg "yse]
->jpeq ayp "Aanfuy o2 aynsut ppe oy -op ssieu uonuaauor)
pue ipueydany ‘uonmpess rey Ysepy>eq ayP ZaYNS 2,4Op
soizes9 ayp pure ‘uIoyR s9ssim pue punose sadoz® YNPI>A
‘sropnezeyy 29s Apuey we> oompuerey (-reqapis 2ey2 100
spay "ureBy) "sing s1oyp ur dn paddexw os axe Aatp asne>
aq Xopereg 02 sunny Ajjensed ase s9ug pey 24L
*(anqapis,2>88ey PLLA PUR xopEreY VIN, a4
‘urrerop a10u wr pazano>) 19!ng)auauEULod Jo saves USANA
su] "ssr9arun xapurds uso stoyp azeax> sazna9 axp‘Aq]e2180),
-ouuso>‘1yf1up9s 4 duns ane sopjeas asaup yo 300 "wn 391194
4Aoyp sonnyeay ayg ut any Aeas soew atp aetp st sou0 pew ay
2aco aflenweape atp anny souC peyy atp 2194194 "mOY>AEd ose
s,ays‘afia (sa,u9990 aprsno Ue oy) sasaoReyM Yar AUB DAC
2,usoop reyp Aayear eusaaayjaq sapneseyy y SHOYPKd 94 E>
ssequnyspeay aup ‘anu, 2,81 3eya Aayfeau Bu s9s3q}>q 9039]


a:

role as benefactor,

The Marauders don' a x
e@ become what they are, who. pee t ee ae brid

seem to communicate with thei
'sh) and in command. Ordinary,
(orat least try to) boss their me

such of anything at all! Sl
si ‘ mages, are sane (wel

ty Avatars have a tendeney ey

‘The Marauders are universally crasy

‘ominga Marauder 5 an are stuck cr it mora el ney to
hacer seermaktisacnesaytipunesitsachene, want the Art w new heghes ee Marder
Gade 1 mage lays down his eran tee, Outside world into elements of the ny They "translate" the
ot Chaos ad the scifi ispemanent, 1 H Wesans ofthe realy erry one ke ose es (Ch
ancl Marauder Avatars, whatever Eon abilcytodothis) ong oe depend wholly on Avatars
ey have, however strong than ESE OF appear. do whatever they wana nee sitlluence toma the mages
Yareorhow much they whole new meaning for Mace Selenite takes on

Marauder Girl's Guide to Psychoses

Designing eraties shouldn't be all camp, tongue-in-cheek, lighthearted foolishness. (There are far too many scary
‘clowns out there.) A good character has complex motivations and ahistory. A god Maraudlericeds an interesting, well-
designed madness

‘Sometimes the idea for a Quiet (and the Chaos Mage it goes with) aay spring forth whole cloth from your
imagination. Otherwise you may find i useful to think of theperson's desires and background first, Detentine where the
‘racks in his personality were before he slipped into Quiet. Run through the events that led to his change in a prelude
(Mage, pages90-92). Didhe choose the Wyld ofhis own fee wll? fhe wasa mage before, dois Awakened contacts realize
that he's gone insane or are they still in the dark? Did they cum on him} Didhe turn on them! Has he noticed that he's
|| Marauder? Has he noticed that he's Awakened? These ate just a few'o{ she elements t6 consider. Any one of them might
be the key to the character's current identity and Quiet asa Maraude

"To help you out with chis area of design we've compiled a list of derangement types — real mental problems and
variations unique to Chaos Mages. These don'ceoverevery possibility theyaren'tpasticulacly scientific or systematic (this
is the chaos section ofthe rules, ater all), and they certainly ought to be smifted up, messed with of Combined as much as
you lke. sah ‘ ‘5
«© Amnesiacs build cheir realities deliberately or unconseiously, exchidirig some'metnories ahd elements chat they
‘can't bear tolive with: che death ofa parent, partner, spouse or child a way ntearcerat ions oreure OF their own faites.
‘A mage's Quiet is a world where these things neyer happened.

For example: An architect loses her right arm in a car accident. The pain and metital anguish of the amputation
"Awaken her, She goes Marauder and (inher own spandex universe) gets her atm back. Her initial understandingof magick
jsinCorrespondence and Forces (spatialandscientific doodads relevant ther job), and she compensates forthe genuinely
missing arm with telekinetic-style Effects. She doesn' trealize the arm's missing so will never be able to use Life magick o replace
it though other Marauders might fix her up ifshe lives long enoughizo meet them (and if they think that a missing arm
is aproblem in the first place.)

‘¢ Dead Men usually Awaken andior go Marauder during near-death experiences. Their Quiets are hells, heavens,
porgatories, family vaults, vampirism (oh, baby!) "reincarations" or coffins. Whatever the limits of their tombs or
‘elves they manage to move around fairly well — at this high level of madness, the Avatar can control elements like
distance and time. (The Book of Madness' Barrister Martins is a good example.)

"« Escapists terid to fall into a Quiet of dreams gradually. Some other world becomes more important than reality,
whether the Mad One invents his own world or borrows one from fiction,. He wraps a Quiet composed of that fantasy
gently around himself like a wool blanket. People likely to become Marauder of this sort include Soap-operaafcionados,
Toleplayers, movie bus, sci-fi and fantasy fans, Democrats, Gonspitacy theorists, fundamentalists and game designers.

' Infiltrators act as double agents. Their madness makes then into members of one ofthe opposition groups in every
detail: Technoerats, Tradition or Craft mages, barabbi full Sleepers Or consors. False barabbi don' clive very long, of course,
‘and fake Convention agents barely longer, buta very few, skilled mage-and-Avatar combinations manage to keep up the
facade for years. The more the mage knows about the organizationthe "belongs" to, the better. Technoerats, in particular,
may break their conditioning and "sign up" with Chaos, only to return to their orderly work. Of course the characteris
Tnuch more content now that his heart's in his job — sabotaging the Convention. Remember that his mind and all of his
Joyalties and retources are pledged to the Technocracy, not the Marauders, bt he will never knowingly act against the
Mad Ones.

«© Lunatics are acatch-all group. Don't forget to make one or two Mad Ones who are just plain crazy. Not everything
has to make sense, and moonstruck Marauders certainly don't. Think Monty Python, Ambush, Bug and Three Stooges,
then watch the collateral damage pile up. (Check out Raspberry Popart Salad in The Chaos Factor.)

rst tine: pénund the

‘Scenes of the Ascension War


Pr Z|!

‘© Manfc-depressives wobble between energy and pathy, mania and catatofiigs optimism and pessimism. This
translates into either a cyclical Quiet (possibly tied to some outside cycle — the seasons, phases of the moon or stock
market) ora constant Quiet about which the Maraudef has varying emotions.

* Megalomaniacs believe themselves to be Christ or Anti-Christ figures, Hitlers or Gandhis, Einsteins or
Michelangelds, demons or gods. Al those ersatz Napoleons belong to this group; It isn't just thata megalomaniac wants
tobe someone else (as an escapist or infiltrator might); he wants to achieve apotheosis. In his own Quiet, he bas. This r )
derangement isn't limited to identifying with an already famous figure; the Marauder may fee! himself, as hiaméelf, to be
capable of greatméls (in whatever field) such as the world has never seen. Océasionally, he's right.

‘ Melancholies generaly followed che downward spital even before they became Marauxers:‘Some were clinically

depressed, some diditasa hobby. Goths, Hollow Ones, great ragedians, post-war writes, grunge rock tars — any orallof them
are candidates fora Quiet that emphasiesall that's worst about life in the World of Darkness (particularly they enjoyed being
depressed inthe firs place). This madness may also spring fom sense of guilt, dese for punishment, death wish or masochism.
‘The Islington Horror (The Book of Madness, page 84) hiss "traveled" withOut rest from atrocicy to atrocity —asa prisoner in
Auschwitz, as a survivor of Samarkand tinder the Mongols; as 2 Miniconjoa Sioux at Wounded Knee.

'* Multiple Personalities are commonvamong Maranilers. Sleepers anid mages who already suffer from this disorder
may etainitin their Quiets —reitheristemally, by shapéshifting as each personality takes contol (Life 3, notuncommon
in che wild surge of fist Awakening), by actully dividing into soverabdiferert Marauders (Mastery Life, Spirit, Prime
and Mind or just Correspondence 4. and Multitasking; only experienced mages juntp tight into this). Alternatively a
Marauder may jst belleve herself co shapes ot walks around in 2 "crowd? all the time. As the Marauder gains power
and Arete, she actually changesshape from persona to person ‘

ation and who become multiple personalities often

Those craties who were of'one mind before the Wyld trans
idetitity and ne Sleeper, consor, Council Craft or Technoeratic selfewho'é completely unaware of

have one M:
the change, (See Infiltrators above, and Stephen of Warwickin The Book of Madness, page 89, Alo, gocheck out the
‘entire Grant Morrison run on Doort Patrol. Hell, do that e¥en if you don't cate about Maltiple Personality Disorder; i's
‘the best Marauder-style cotmic ever. Shade the Changing Marge close Segond.)
+ Obsessive/Compulsives assign vast importance to something —nottisually somethitig that everyone elsé considers
vital. One might fixate aqran element (Lady Macbeth's bloody hands, the beating of a tel-tale heart, a relationship with
Michael Douglas) until it saturates her mind (or her Quiet). Thg obsessionjusually compels her to act irrationally
(constantly washing her hands, giving herself up to the police). Whatever form the obsession takes, that thing or person
‘or idea really is asimportangin the Marauder's universe asche mage thinks tis. The compulsion involved actsasa powerful
{geas and the Marauder etust fulfill ic i r )
For example: The Echo obsesses over mirrors. They frightened him ftoin childhood; he Awoke while trapped in a
tirror-tiled elevator. He saw his 6wn reflection (his Avatar) speak to him and concluded that he, not the image in the
"gnissavas the reflection. His Quiet differs litle from reality, but he's deathly certain that when he can't see a mirror,
hheidoesn't exist. This compulsion dictateshischoice of dres, furnishings (chrome all the way), restaurants, cars, enemies
{(Teehinocrats make nice shiny things, Nephindi don'), foci (Mirror, miror oa the wall). His compulsion also tums him
from a shy,ilki-mannered, ex-eccountant into a cold-blooded killer — no one on this side of the glass is real, right?

‘Wheneverhismiiprs are aken away, he metely lotes consciousnesg:but ifhe ever gains Prime 5 he could be in real trouble.

‘* Paganoids whogo Marauder are lucky: Now eyeryongit ian them. Not much charges from che *mortal"
versioniof this well: ailment, unless the Quiet ieee "dgrangeriencs — perhaps escapism of atavism (see
Throwbacks, below). a. a

‘* Phobics come in two varieties: the ones who elimidaceililitraces of whatever frightens them from theit realities,
‘and the ones who populate their madness with helt feprs. Sines dhe former are effectively amnesiacs (see above), we'll
deal with the latter. Marauders whoare melancholics orshellshocked stay frightened of their banes even after going mad,
and their universes are living nighttaares. Slightly mote upbat etsties (megalomaniacs, sociopaths) conquer their fears
and have fun boiting around/destroyinglriding like horses whiltever they once feared.

# Shellshoeked Marauders have undergone terrifying, unbearable experiences; some fatal flaw (possibly a manipu-
lative Avatat) dagms them to flashbacks under stress, combat situations or simply with loud noises. Marauders who crack
under stress may suffer from mild flashbacks; many Quiets reflect the mood and manne of mages' conversion to Chaos.
‘Combine this derangement with the Flaw: Flashbacks for maximum angst.

* Throwbacks live in the past — literally. More comfortable in some other, better (through the rosy glases of
nostalgia, a any rate) time, the mage exists is a reality that is that era. Atavistié delusion is quite common among
archmages and ex-Dreamspeakers, Sons of Ether and Vold Engineers, and snares Steeper archeologists, Ghost Dancers,
Civil War reenacsors, Republicans, New Agers and historians, as well. Favorite eras include pre-Colonial, pre-
‘Communist, the Mythic Age and the mage's own childhood oF youth. The last type appears to be a psychologi
regression ftom the outside; few Marauders have enough Life magick to change their actual ages. (See the "Histor

section of this book's Chapter Five, and Medea and Miss Zhao in The BOok of Madness.)

LL ———


m= Structure?

Ithadall gone critical. Wizardry was breaking up. Goodbye
to the University, the levels, the Orders; dep in his hear, every
wizard knew thatthe natural unit of wizardry was one wizard
— Terry Pratchet
"Organ
Marauders

Sourcery

ed Marauders" is something of an oxymoron.
either solitary or stick together in tiny,
schizophrenic bands. There ate, however, two notable
exceptions.

The small groups of
those that share Qu
bersstillealizethey'e

fact that

rauders come in three types:
those that don't, but whose mem:
team; and chose th

work together

hey do so.

Fusion

Marauders who share Quiets usually achieve lunacy
together. A group of kidspplaying Cowboys and Indians near
a toxic-waste dump might Awaken and go Marauder as a
sestalt because Baneful spirits tried to possess them — the
fantasy world they played in becomes theit shared "reality."

Occasionally Chaos Mages who go critical thousands
1 of miles and years apart go psycho in the same way. This
happens a lot with Marauders who have escapist Quiets
Suppose that the Tolkien universe represents the fantasy
world that many medievalists revere. A fantasy fan might
go Wyld and develop a Quiet set in Middle Earth. He's
probably not the only person to lapse into Tolkien's little
playland, When two such Mad Ones meet, they may con-
tinue onasadventuringcompanions, bound by their mutual
fantasy. (Don't laugh too hard — we didn't say these
Marauders identify with the good guys.)

Fusions also occur when one Mad Mage sucks some
Sleepersinto his Quiet; his victims become his consorsand,
if they Awaken, his partners in crime. This kind of "Wyld
vortex" can sedu 3s. Woe to the
character who tries to Dreamscape with a member of a
fusion!

Since everyone in a fusion shares a delusion, these
groups tend to work well together. Unfortunately for them
their shared reality carries them further and further from
what anyone else considers sane. Who's going to anchor
you when everyone else is fu Eventually
most fusions drift so deeply into madness that no "sane"
mind —or reality —can recognize them. The cycle gang in
Loom of Fate and the crew of the Umbral Dutchman in
The Book of Chantries represent fusions in action. Al
though they don'c do atall well in Earth's mundane theater,
s blossom into virtual armiesin the Deep Umbra
jupiter and Saturn" in Beyond the Barriers: The
Book of Worlds). They don't last long, but they really do
some damage.

Chapter Three: Behind the S

enes of the Ascension War

G)


IES

Nea"

Cabal

The second breed of "group Marauder" vaguely re-
sembles a Tradition cabal. These mages who have similar
goals meet, like each other and decide to work together.
The difference between Marauder and Tradition cabals lies
in members' relationships: Each member of s Marauder
cabal mustexistand bea friend within every other member's
reality. Note that no one has to appear the same way twice.
‘One person may wear many faces within a mad cabal
Take Robert Davenport, the leader of the Butcher
‘Street Regulars, asan example. He knowswhohe is (doesn't
he?), but his comrades see him differently, He'sE!Cid to his
lieutenant Seforita Abraxas, the Director of the Play to
Lord Ex, Davenport to Mr. Nicholas, and occasionally 2
‘grandchild to Mother Goose. Barrister Martins (ifvaniallied
cabal) calls him the Judge. Martin'sfiancee Miss Zhworefers
to him as the Honorable Dragon. Who igi reall Good
question. Maybe Davenport himself doesafgknow:

(Theconeeptofidentty eimai peaking

Ifaname defines who you are —S@pwhat y whardo
you become when everyone including yourgelfralls jouby
a different name? Mysticks wh place greativalue in
ing sometimes call Marauders Tg Namelesg bh
set nature or form. While those rages respect
refuses to stay Named, they fear Bilt, too.
Canoe une Fomor fortis
Ross Issacs' essay in Chapter Six.)

Ifa mad cabal isto survive, it needs alg
(preferably the leader) with afootor
prevene them from wandering off beeween i
least one member who can explain a a
everybody else in terms that the crazies can &
‘okay for one mage to fill all these roles, but if a
cabal becomes the proverbial chicken with its
The Storyteller should keep track of a mad cabal'
that paricular tee falls in the forest, everyone hear it

Members of cabals area bit more sane than the average
Marauder is. But at the same time they tend to be more
unstable (maybe i's that Naming thing); they fly off the
hhandle at odd times or simply take on other delusions and
wander off. A group's mix of Quietsand personalitieshas to
be juse right to keep it from breaking up, and one outra-
‘geously insane mage can put all the others at risk. Mad
cabals are small —six members or less —and very rare. The
‘group may all apart in its early stages. Ii survives is first
month, however, a mad cabal may last for decades.

Conflux

The most bizarre grouping of Marauders is unique to the
Mad Ones (though the Nephandi Lords could use such team-
workifthey caughton to it). Noone knowsanyoneelsenoone
works with anyone else, and it's possible chat none of the

0 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

powers of telepathy to interrogate the Technocratic sur

‘members even realize that they'te Marauders. Seemingly soli-
tary mages, controlled almost completely by their Avatars,
‘come together for specific purposes and assignments, act on,
‘them and part without noticing each other. These "freeform"
groups are rae, but devastatingly effective.

To illustrate: Elizabeth Dribb arrives in Union Station
by train at the same time that a subway from the Pen
carries Sergeant Manuel Mendoza tohis destination. Dribb
and Mendoza, unaware of each other, head for the Greek
lunch counter where Tim Conners works as a dishwasher.

Asa Syndicate executive and his entourage enters the
station, Conners flips out; to him, the Technos are soldiers
sent by the Committee of Public Safety to take him back to
the final embrace of Madame la Guillotine. He mutters and
stirs up lightning to strike the soldiers. Mendoza, for his
pat, sees them as zombies and prays for his loa to lay them
to test, Dribb sees the Order of Reason come to take
Mistridge, decides that history willbe different this time and
stuntmighs a dragon to devour the knights. Conners electro-
cuts thtee, Mendoza causes two heart attacks, and though
tthe drazon disappears the instant it crosses the Gauntlet,
‘the Baradox backlash destroys the executive. Dribb and
Mendoza cotheirseparate wayswithoutspeakingtoConners
{$fe8ch other, but their Avatars have used their "hosts"

, and plan their nextimeeting
|| Though "working units" consist of groups of three or
four mages, capfluxeanwork on abroad scale. Provided the
‘Avagtar grapevinentersects often enough, the "hive mind"
cans ad arrange meetings monthsin advance
fbefees erect icingly) more than two or thee others,
longer. Because Marauders drawn into
§ lear (unconsciously) from each other — they
my lists and magick — the individuals prosper,
onfluxes attract infiltracors, chrowbacks, amnesiacs,
cescapists, paranoids and other Mad Ones with relatively
subdued Quiets

Naturally, all things being mad to begin with, there's
no reason why a Marauder can't "belong" to two or three
‘groups at once, Mother Goose might work with Robert
Davenport, but that won't keep her from appearing along-
side Tim Conners or the demented cycle gang. The "fluid"
Insanity of the Marauders allows them to be anywhere you,
the Storyteller, wane them to be, doing whatever itis you
want them to do. Does a lea ask the wind for directions?

Tactics

Aside from conventional weapons (Uszis, pipe bombs,
tear gas, big sticks with nails imbedded in them), spy-novel
tactics infiltration, subversion, assassination) and traight-
forward magick, Marauders have two major, nigh-exclusive
aces to play against their enemies.


+ Paradox

Sane mages don't think of Paradox as a wea
Marauders who know the basics of magick realize that itis
atool. Will-workingeven the simplest vulgar change in the
universe (turning a vampire into a lawnchair, forexample)
within range of Nephandi or Technocrats on Earth brings
down the corrective wrath of the Consensus on the unsus
pecting enemy. Elisabeth Dribb's dragon-summoning
imagicks, for example, didn't accomplish anything in tradi
tional terms. The Effectfailed. However, the effort generated
considerable Paradox, which recoiled on the only
nonMarauder mage in the area: the Syndicate exec. This
attack form might be a little dangerous for those with low
Quiet scores, but a truly Wyld and crazy guy with, say, a
rating of 8 is immune to 24 points of backlash. Techies
aren't. This tactic is all the more effective in that it works
best when the Marauders roll borches. Go for those dif
culty 10 Effects and enjoy.

A Mad One who uses this ateack form is inspiration for
characters toally (temporarily) with Technocrats. If there's
‘one thing mages on both sides of the Precepts of Damian
ccan agree on, it's that Paradox is had. Excessive backlash
can also create a Paradox Realm, sucking the characters in
even ifthey didn't cause the Tapestry rip—nota bad thing

if the trip saves them from personal enemies.
e

+ Zooterrorism

Zooterrorism, the Marauders' specialty weapon, is
even more fun to use (from your point of view, not the
players'). Marauders use critters for every tsk u
sun: Fighting (grifins), frightening (bydras), mass destruc
tion (fiebirds), riding (yales), companionship (yeti, beasts
of burden (bonnacon), nightlights (ercinee), doctors
(chaladrii, lie detectors (chi-in), spies (sapient jerboa),
Umbral transports (roc), statuaries (cockatrice) or what-
ever. A critter that is practically designed for a task is out
there somewhere, and a Marauder is all oo willing to call
upon it to do his bidding.

Let your imagination run wild. Pull out your old my
thology texts, bestiaries (we recommend The Book of Beasts
by TH. White), heraldry texts and The Arabian Nigh
Check out the section on designing Umbrood in Mage
(pages 235-239) and Bygones in Ascension's Right Hand
The rules for Marauder-summoned critters are the same as
for summoning any other spirit beasties. Horizon: Strong-
hold of Hope, The Book of Madness and the main
rulebook have ready-made stats for critters to be inserted
into your game. Naturally, controlling such beasties is more
difficule than summoning them, but most zboterrorists
know how to approach angry dragons. Those who don't
won't last Long enough to learn

det the

‘Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascension War i


Newall
Y

Agencies

Although they've existed on the fringes of sanity since
the birth of civilization, Marauders have gathered momen-
tum in the modern world. They have even learned to work
together on a large scale in two specific cases
The seed of Marauder organization, the Kni
phen, grew from cabal to Chancry tots eur

ghts of St.
ne form as
the backbone of the Umbral Underground in roughly 600
years. The second large Marauder sect, the Bai Dai, has
blossomed from conflux to Tellurian-spanning behemoth
in three years. (Well, seeds of the Bai Dai were planted as
catly as 1939; i didn't achieve ahell ofa loc until recently.)
Both groups recruit new members every day. The turnover
rate keeps numbers low, bu life expectancy rises each year.
A strong leader could start another big.

itany day now, or
unite the cwoexisting factions intoa truly formidable force.

The Ombral Onderground

The ULU. traces its roots back to Stephen of Warwick's,
‘efforts to take creatures like dragons, unicoms, chaladri and
griffins from Earth (where they were dying) toUmbral Realms
not yet explored by the Order of Reason's forerunners. The
current "mission" is to find Marauders who have
Awakenedon Earth andevacuate them to Realms beyond the
Horizon. There they may learn to control themselves and
‘eventually eturn to fight on their home turf

The common Mad Path was Awaken, cause chaosand
die a glorious death. Thanks to the U.U., the Mad Ones
have the foundations of a stable apprenticeship program.
Many crazies who might have died nearly powerless in
another age are now capable, dangerous, well-trained foes
who make raids on Technocratic and Nephandic deep-
space strongholds

Most of the U.U. want a return co simpler times — a
more flexible Consensus, a thinner Gauntlet — and feel
that the fewer Nephandi and Technocrats who exis, the
better. Each member has some personal stake in bringing
balance back to the Ascension War, even if she can't
explain her desires in chese terms. Generally, members
believe themselves to be ethical and moral people (what-
ever their kill counts might be), and justify their attacks on
these grounds rather than on their own goals and wishes.
WLU. forces try to attack only Technocrats and Nephandi,
avoiding causing harm to "civilians" (Sleepers, thei allies,
ach other) whenever possible.

Notable divisions of the U.U. include:

* The Butcher Street Regulars (the lead cabal of
the planet-bound contingent), which recruits new cabals,
organizes Earthly Marauders for group attacks and finds out
as much as possible about the other factions in the war.

+ TheMen of Gotham —a group of half politicos
andhalf vigilantesbased in New York City —which focuses
inparton the United Nations, thes

icateand globocorps

72 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


a

but also keeps a bloody finger on the pulse ofthe Sabbat in
the area

+ The Copper Dragoons which comprises three
allied cabals that are active in India.

+ Anunnamed,small-but-growingnetworkthrives
throughour Spanish-speaking South America,andthe BSR's
Sefiorita Abraxas is busy tracking members down and
receuitng them for the UU

* The White Lotus Women, better known as the
Shangri-La Ladies! Club, 2 largely Asian sorority (with a
few exceptions), isestablished firmly on the Horizon Realm
of the same name but keeps chapters open in its home

* The Force of Chaos, a hideously confusing
infantry fusion, keeps the UU. active on theimogms of
Jupiter.

* The Numpa Kachpa (sniping Native Amtican
sSoterrorists who work on both sides of the Gauntlet) takes
itsname from the Bruble Sioug Word for "TwoStrikegy"but
hasn't explained why. é

* Al Borak, a Muslin organization devatidito
keeping holy places (Nodes ofall kinds) fret afcorraption
(Technocrats and Nephandi) watches oveenomhern Af-

rica and the Mediterranean.

* The Fantastic Twenty Sh, an es °
nization with code names based on the NATO seandac
Phonetic Alphabet — Alpha, Bravo, Charlie. |.

* Finally, the loosely connected group (mainstay
of Marauder-rescue efforts) callediHlarélet Tubman, the
Knights of St. Stephen or simply The Ralisgad transports
members and Bygones between Earth and pois beyond.

Although the UU. functions ina sort
ion, it would be a mistake to imagine that 14
around a table discussing strategy; the few 6
thar have leaked out of Marauder meetings makél
toa "rational" person than does the quacking of a
geese. Nevertheless the Mad Ones, like geese, achieve
miraculous results. Masters of esoterica claim there are
discernible pattems in U.U. discourse, but it's not some-
thing the players' characters ae likely to decipher unless
you'd like them to.

The Bai Dai

The Bai Dai, the second large Marauder faction, doesn't
usually bother to rationalize what it does. Its goal is the
‘eat-extermination of humanity (particularly other mages)
as a direct effort to weaken the power of the Consensus.
Fewer people, less belief, less control for the Technocrats.
Logical, isn't it? Many "sick" Marauders — those with
psychoses like megalomania, sociopathy or obsessions with
death — gravitate toward the Bai Dai, as the Echo does.

The topdogs of the Bai Daiaren't interested in training
theit recruits; the top brass prefers to set grunts down

ed

" Jot...until the mood fat murder strikes them again.
* Plo Chitg, the "Broken Army Star," roams

China seeking Out officials of the People's Government.
fally cook its name from Taoist astrology,

wherever they will do the most damage before clocking out
Bai Dai teams often teleport Marauders with Quiets of 8 or
9 directly into Technocratic establishments as living Para-
dox bombs. While an Umbral Underground s8oterrorist
might draw the line-at harming her animal allies, the
critter-minded Bai Dai don't hesitate — Bygones, consors,
Sleepers, Tradition mages and even other group members
are tools to be deployed for greatest tactical advantage. The
‘upper ranks are fairly stable; the lower tiers have a high
casualty rate. The entire organization seethes with fresh
Mad Ones and enslaved Sleepers in a constant lust for
expansion. Ifthe leaders ever took care oftheir troops, the
Bai Dai's membership would explode.
Notable divisions include:

* The Hemlock Court, reputedly the base of
‘operations forthe leader ofthe Bai Dai. The court resides in
a huge mansion on the east valley wall of Shangri-La

* The Fire of the Mahdi began last century as a
NofthjA (rican anticotonial cabal. Today the Fire is highly
actigen all forms of mass terrorism — forget hostages; this
igang strives for death in quanti

* The Maenads follow their historical namesakes
{i drunken murderous rampages across three continents.
he members of this conflux — primarily "subservient"
‘Women from patriarchal societies — make their ways back
Thome after each raid, amiesic and accepting of their

ly appropriate: More than halfthe members
p the military and some now wear their
vith the star patch ripped apart.
1e Seven Bowls, a Christian extremist group,
falda Progenitor bases and first-world military installations
in search of plagues and chemicals to use against Sleepers.
'* The Flowers of Camaxtli, another religious
cult, is remarkably long-lived fusion devoted to the Aztec
god of war and fire. Followers don't survive very long, but
the sectfinds converts easily. Centered in Chichen Itza, the
‘group sucks in touristsand residents alike. (Japanese Aztecs
with cameras and bonfires!) These last Marauders look as
bicarre as they act.

"We're AllMad Here"

"What I was going to say," sail the Dodo in an offended
tone, "was, thatthe best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-
race

— Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland

Politicsamong the Mad isacontraction in terms— the
naturally chaotic Marauders don't hold conclaves, debates,
hierarchies or much of anything else for that matter. Some-
times they understand each other, but most times they

‘Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascension War B

IDNA

WE SS ZZ

em
‘

don't even realize that their kind exist. A mage who
declares "I'm a Marauder!" isa liar, moron ora low-Quier
Mad One in an unusually lucid moment. More than likely,
he's the first or second of those three.

‘At present, the only true point of contention among
Marauders is a question of ethics. Some Chaos Mages believe
in (or couldn't care less about) the wholesale slaughter of
‘mundanes (following the theory that the fewer people who
create the Consensus, the easier it will be tochange it). Others
tay to use more diplomatic and humane methods to alter
reality. But because all Marauders, regardless of method, are
really working toward the same thing, and because their
(largely Primordial and Dynamic) Avatars don't necessarily
give a tinker's damn whether any Sleeper lives or dies, the
factions rarely come to blows over the matter.

Influence

‘When mortals meet the Mad, individuality rules, Al
single Mad One may own three corporations, two charities
and apolice precinct;another may not have pants tocall his
‘own. The Mad don't so much influence the mortal worldas
much as they spin it on its axis. The more ordered some-
thingis, the more active the Maraudersseem tobecome/ As
the world grows more complex, the incidence of magevor
mortals "going Marauder" seems to increase.

Most Marauders make do without fiends or inflderice—
they don't live long enough to accumulate bar tabs;lef along,
Sleeper contacts. Ifany ties or wealth remain after person
‘goes stark-raving buggo, that Marauder might be abletp ling
to the pieces of his old life. What he does with thagt pieces
depends on him — and on the needs of your story. Wile thi,
Dynamic Dynamos do pick up occasional consom, the Braces
isn't always friendly. Though some Sleepers join the Wid

Ones willingly, most "sidekicks" gee swepe along in the tide of
madness, becoming near slavesin the process See the origin
of "Annie" in Ascension's Right Hand, pages 30 and 112, if
youdon'tbelieve it.) Few Marauders understand what they do
to Sleepers to them, consors are company, necessary props in
a delusional reality. But, like props, consors often, break if
abused. Most end theirdays in Paradox explosions, asylums or
in hails of gunfice or dragon breath,

When the Mad Ones make willing fiends, those allies
come from the fringes of society — they're criminals,
vagrants, social workers, starving artists, loners and even
rnotmal people with good, old-time virtues like charity or
compassion. Since these kinds of people deviate from the
Technocracy's vision anyway, they unwittingly help them:
selves when they aid the Marauders. (All right, maybe
that's not quite fair, butthis isthe ane-Techie section ofthe
‘book.) More often than not, however, the Mad ally them-
selves with odd creatures —Bygones, Umbrood, magickally
animated furniture or their minds' own creations, brought
to'life" by the crazy power of the madmen.

Crossover Potential

‘Working as they do on the Wyld side of the fence,
Marauders make worthy alliesof the Changing Breeds. One
‘Black Fury pack runs with the arch- Marauder Medea, while
Johnny Gore the Corax hangs with the Umbral Under-
ground, Malkavian vampires seem to be appropriate
‘companions for some crazies, while Black Spiral Dancers
Sseemimofe uppropriate for the murderous Bai Dai. Ghosts
ard faerie fit well into most Marauder worldviews; the Mad
Fave precgy law Banality ratings, which makes them cool in
changtélingcitcles. Even so, i's worth noting that Maraud-
‘fg are unstable ales, even for ather mad folk

Nephandi

‘The whole world singing the same happy fame
Something so low even hound ddgs san cféon,
To insanity

— Richard Thompson, "Bank Vault in
Heaven"

Louis di Alessandro surueyed the coffe
hose with alight frown. Tewas well-lit, and he
knew thatthe brightness ofa café was proportion-
ally opposite tothe quality ofthe coffe i served.
He took a cautious sip from the steaming cup of espresso before
him and grimaced. It was as bad as he'd anticipated.

He was saved from taking a second sip by the arival of his
11:30 appointment (di Alessandro's eyes slid to his watch
‘automatically: 11:42. This one was both late and sloppy). The
boy aho slid into the booth mumbling apologies and excuses. Di
Alessandro waved him 1 silence and looked him up and down.

"4 ‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

"The riage dnt lok lke much: sallow, mid-20s, dressed in the
de tiger black of the'Hollow Ones. A silver ankh swung from.
leather cord at his neck, and his nose ving was tastefully thin

DiAlessandro took another sip of coffe to hide his disgust.

"I really shouldn't be here," the child began.

"Shush," Di Alessandro put the coffee cup down with a
lank. "You are here, Alavic. Can I get you something t drink?
No? Well ten, perhaps I can get you something else."

"Really, Ijustcame to tellyou that I've thought it over and I'm
‘notinterested." Alarc looked deine, burwithhiskind, di Alessandro
new, that was just another way of saying "frightened."

"Now Alaric, you're just being contrary. I can do quite a
bitw help you, and che prices right, isienot?" Mentally sighing,
i Alessandro tried his best to project calm. "Look, 've known
ou for how long?"

"Two weeks."


‘Okay, two weeks, But that doesn't matter. What does

matter is tha I've seen the way the others teat you. I've seen
r ) how they look at you as second class. You shouldn't have to put
sup with tha crop
Those are my friend you're talking about!

* Sure, sure," di Alessandro's oice was soothing, "but you
silfellike you don't quite belong, don't you? You wantto shows
them that you're worthy." Almost unwilingy, che boy nodded.

ward, di Alessandro smiled. This was going tobe easier than
thought. "Well, have ust the hing." His face sila mask
of concer, hereachedinto his pocket and pulled ou what looked
tobe the mother of ll marbles, a smoky gas phere thre inches
in diameter. Diy glimpsed shapes moved within its dephs
Pha is it?" Alarc leaned forward for a
a Paradox eater. With his om you, youl be abl to
ck ue the jams and impress your friends. You'll probably even
beable torescue them once or twice, and the best things, with
thisthing'shelpyoucan getas vulgar you went, end absolutely
nothing ull happen to you.

othing?

"Nothing."

"Buc," Alarc stammered, even she reached for he globe

why are you doing this for me?

Dj Alessandro appeared to muse the question over and
leaned forward with a smile. "Because, Alaric, I ke 301
Because youremindmeofme,alongtime ago, and wanet ive
you the help that I never got. And, because already have one

ee Ace "Thank you" Alc hay suf te
sphereinhispocket, then scutledoutintothe nigh, Di Alessandro
shook his head. Ie had been too easy. The thing he'd given the
boy, while it dd devour somethin, it certainly didn't feed on
Paradox. When the things the sphere contained broke free, they
would forever ain Alaris reputation with his "frends" and he
twould have only one place to tom: back od Alessandro, and
the things inhi sphere

Despite she lous expresso, the barabbi found himself ning,
andhesetiedbackto wait forhsnextcustomer."Nothinglkelovirg
or work," he said ono one in partic, and drank deeby

Ecstasy of the Fall

Consider the lowly virus. Barely even considered to be
alive, itsomehow managesto worm its way past the defenses
of agiven cell (and even that cell dwarfs our little virus, let
alone the organism of which that cel is an infinitesimal
part) and inserts itself in the genetic machinery ofthe cell's
nucleus. That's when interesting things start to happen.
The cell, infected by the tiny virus, starts churning out
copies of the virus. The cel is corrupted, and in its corrup-
tion serves the will ofitscorrupter. Then, when it has given
its all, the cell dies and its bastard cuckoo children, the
other viruses, are loosed upon all of the other cells in the
body. Eventually the body itself becomes corrupted and
dies. Every cell dies, even as the greater whole does. And

loser look.


ping siayjaudiorg aBepy auf stom 0 Yoog ay

@ BRE Vy AHP PEapp sp puEozmE
Bn indesign rap ae eee

=)


| aD,

chooses what he becomes, and the barter of a soul is
something done lightly. The Nephandi are the dark reflec-

@ | tices ofthe magickal Path, symbols of what can happen
when a mage jumps headlong into the Abyss. Make them.
seductive, frightening, mysterious and lethal. The one
thing these guys are not is boring.

Drawing Down the Dark

In essence the Nephandi are the shadowy side of the
Ascension War. Whether born with a Nephandus soul
(widderslainte) or corrupted in the service ofone of the other
factions (barabbi), ¢ s of the Neph:
those workers of magick who have given themselves, heart
and especially soul, to the service of utterly inhuman
Things. (For details, see The Book of Madness, Chapters
(One and Four.)

Outsiders divide the Nephandi into three sects, classi-
fying them by their objects of worship. Unsurprisingly,
these divisions are artificial and oft
as a rough guide for the uninitiated. Demon-worshipping
Infernalists work for the pleasure of Demon Lords. These
iphandi hew closely to the traditional image of the
social occultist. Stranger still are the Malfeans, those

Nephandi who have given themselves over to the worship
of the aspect of the Triat called the Wyrm. These mages
share in the corruption enjoyed by the Black Spiral Dancer
6 werewolves, and work toward active destruction. Finally

I SS ZZ

there are those who worship the Things in the Outer Dark.
These last are pethaps the truest Nephandi of them all
The hierarchy of raw poweris the only organization the
Nephandi know. Those with the most magickal power,
cunning and ruthlessness claw their way closer to the
exalted Lords in the Dark, while those less fortunate,
experienced or powerful are left in lesser ranks. Theoret
cally, marching orders come from one of the Entities that
the Nephandi worship, down through the Gilledians and
their associated prelati to the adsinistrati, Shaytans and
pawns in che field. [trarely works that way in practice, Even
as the various Dark Lords contend against one another in
the Infernal Realms and the Outer Datk, so too do their
servants jockey for position in and around Earth. Ord
sments can be altered and political op
rents can be betrayed — the variations are practically
infinite. However, itdoesn't appearasifthe Dark Lordscare
about this corruption of the letter of their purpose, so long
as the end result satisfies the Damned.

can be lost, asi

What's ina Name?
Scholars have argued over the origins of the name
‘Nephandi" for quite some time. The "ph" would indicate
"nd" conjunction of letters implies

the Latin gerund form. To confuse matters further, the only
mythological reference that might even be vaguely con-

Greek origin, but the


2pING ssayjankioag aBeyy ax soy joyoog ay, «gL
01 a10ur S191), "ulstp puy Aaya saaaiayse si9SuoU-<9]n
axpeo} Aijespu09 pur ,"nensturuupe, se s199Np9s 02 19}82,
say, sSuetp ,uyr4, se worssajoad aiaxp aquasap sue vious,
‘sindoon LY Xs Jo BoIkIDA UD]IEg AY sUEIAEYS «
uruypdns
{pis pode] sewesp feuonows soy siadejd Sumay axem puE
‘uoneuWep uo s19Kp jo s19y¥9q yp 3x8 s]Nos 3183 359y |
‘uorssedwo> sry 20) pueay Sunay se Adomnug yo |]ry 398) &
‘sv98 pue —auaroyp aq jin oun sng yeyp Syurp a8ew YOR
spe & UDO OF A19A9,INg "9|qowD9paus sKesspe AsOUNTE axe
sumed pauayemy ""-ySnous Suo] anf asned 09 wuauoddo
tue osne> ue asiouias Jo aury et pue ‘2w029q 24,4042
EYP 10} Aas0s w298 sf00j 100d asaH] |, "UoSeDL pod yrLA
ppue "requioo ur sumed pauayemy BurDey azey sodeyy
{(Cuotsn]ap yans jo seas 3814
‘34 29801 andojoad s,uons9ss14) Ut foo} 200d 942104234)
asuiodsar snorapmnus v 01 J34 peo] 2ysilu UOREHe a.9u 134,
‘uo ano umed v Buryje> :yseydiym snosaSiuep Ayyere} ayonoxd
ued [eluap step ‘zaaamo}{ wueM Aoyp 1a,auays spUdLy
oly 01 93eq 08 we> Aayp exp BurqUrKA "ferUap paoueApe jo
aneis © ul [Jomp sumed pauayemy wsoy4 "uroyp O2 so1|dde 11
unp 2,uop uoRBUssap siyp 49pUm |]e} OPH S19199I08 350)
zetp st Auou ay, "s9uC UDq|eg alp 40} sumed rUD}J20x9.9YeU
(woyp spa1oid 01 suonrey ye Aue anoyaue sofleut 2K 191199
20) suonsyj zoY0 woy saBeyy 2(pauDyEaY) sume «
‘ued jeuow & jo ajdurexa Aaseu
sqyeo1d4 est (purty aysiny s,uoysuaasy) 1unoD Apog "sade>
9 Aasey 19409 Ajfeuo|se290 pu afpsnuy se 94l9s ‘SpuENa
‘uns oy ‘sumed pauaryeay-tin Jo opu0y [pes v 01 $89938
sea sey apes sty quiom smaensturspe Auy "aue9 u999 sISTIN
eeyssey}f Maoxa maj pue 40} om syjemre Say rey
smoty stated mag "2ouaJor4 a]qemaut yo [sup ay 10 saMOd
jo estwoud ‘Couow axp Joy 14 ut aze sumed ‘sSnup-e-auat
or sispjno woy SuBuEy :(pauayemy-un) sume «
"vOHyUL HOY MOD 01
quo sapin aroyp asn uayyeg poouayadxs iow ‘st yueI SUN
ay aueuoduy ax0w ays ‘3jod ware a4 uo s) snpueyday
@ samo] ay ‘sowIedwoD stay Jo Te 29Js Say YI.
‘nur ues jo wrarsis asoo} & pastaap aaey pur soouewadde
‘urevurew asmun Aoxp reyp 199) ypueydayy 24p Suowe awos
‘saaamop] "Burund pur Jamod jey>:Bew UeY aueoduN
s9] $1702 ,wrOo,, !98}9 Bu]yzou pue— spuo% dn y>0q 01
Aaypge otp tain sisaa spueydayy atp Suoure Aayoxany

DACWYSIN 10 SA91IP]|OS

19 se pasryuo> aq pynow aueu sup eyp asuas sayeur AyUO
a siuei3 jeoiSojouAw axp yar pasryuo> spyinosoyp U9>q
ey SUG UATE arp ‘OUIyY ers Jo sonN9 Suryeads-yaa15,
2p 01 ea sat apeus Ators oyp aU axp Aq SSBUNK|L 19K,
‘yp Jo uaspyry> uaaq aaey or powye}>aaey Aew aSeq >IppIY
yp Ur ypueydony Apo vey a sey ssond asoq yp uDWOU
dup ay uaWeIs] PIC ayp UI AyouG pauonuaM sjafuE
ue uowiom peious yo suos Snuesi3 aun ,"un|IydoN, 24930
A038 24251 ssouxzEq]101NG 242 9AN95 OY BsOKP YIM argu


6

‘spuadop rear ays uoalS Aue yo uonsodwoD 94]. "Py
247 o1ur soda run Jo Arauea apie e puss ypueydoN, 3H

syug uoyoy

sheydsp 20 Suny Annod uy a8$ppu 01 0u
"peg suonsoyoy eq aypon hem ayp uado cas asin s5t
‘way. anoge oypueydyy SumypAue ssaotp ey AUap s19120308
{png eau s| pense ue way uaypsiua] swopeys pe sgpry
stueyd ‘su spun sup 30} wads pyios a4p 2] 494 >:
2a yun spuey od Afprea unease ned ajqisockat
4e9ui pouzep st siondnuio> Ypns Sussand-puod9g "2A1251 UL
sowod sy daay pue Surunsseun seadde oa sigoud stat UG)
oye oxp "Aqieou wsoyruew aysiu ajseutu ep feUOIsE200
4p YBhowpTY fas apne aM aq 02 puar uNpeAsy
‘Jurypoot ypto% us woswau fou ‘sauEassse sp2ou,
Sqrueasuos oy auapras # saajaswayp aay pay upmaSAeUp |
29] 01 304d uupense 80}, ‘PHO axp 104 FU} 08 4949401,
‘anosax jo 08 sip Uo sorfa1 oy qUApras a4] "BODES
snosaSuep Ajreynonzed e wou auapms siy 21e242N9 02 FU
vuodn ay aye dew pense atp Ajjeuoise2ag ‘ureie sudpMag
sty 02 Bupjeads (2049 pt) Saves ‘soystuea pease ous yfoous,
pateay sey auapmas up saa) ay way uss SPUR aMdopM
4p soy pur snpueydayY BusswOId ¥ or 950]3 298 op KEY
espuy Ajpreun a} "ypns se yasuny saounouue safe ay
saree Aep-or-kup toys cpm saduser ue ype ed adoraKop,
epew feu pre ataporn on raja unpeate Kp see
[ue sayzay "pron aypyoseanestypod 1] supe
suapo Supaoyqstoup oa soneta2npg pu
siouidug pion SurfBep worL0} xp puokag m1 sBa3Moy
‘pun aistp joasion aq] sueIpoliC) |npionod Aja1es9poui ae
(soptaey jo 4oog ay ur y209) uoULa apefawOSsE ae UE
"aoupe q smypeig jo saiseursnizejec‘au0U YoU eA Ht AsO}
sj "Keown parser aaey on ysnous Huoy post Huey
"ous sankdusea urez99 Jo reyp o1 SueEpayyio) at Jo JOIAeYag
4p pozedoo sey snpuerslaN, suo UEKD SI0Yy "SY 29H
‘apiqnsAyunpaooxs unos a, oypsnup osuadUT XopEIE, | s8}
suripaytig ‘samo stay Sursn jo prey ou a3 6p apy
-uerpaypig row Ajyemae sey paspuny# ut
snpueydoyy suo 20u'sueA2as.raup Yeap ox suEIPD
‘Ayjersuag "auioy syarsew ayp 02 ysno3q pur puNdg
St iapisino ay "weIpayig) & ylNm jeap wn snpuEydayy
soypoue UayM suOIseD90 ares }SUIpODIx9 at UO "s|jEa
‘uso siy apisino Anjeau yo ypur Araqa ur sdex penusiod S398
pue sjeau sty Jo ato 4g uoreurssesse jo 40103 YuEAsuOD Ur
Sq12™p erpaqliC)y>eg e9} st s1yp 405 Woseas 94], sa;8od Jo
seoejdatotp aae9] oat soMTegqeung s9pj> 5942 "ploweled
SJouesur pur jrysamod "pig "atun jo apisino aouaisixa ue
anoiyoe aney or sulaas ox ang ‘peop JOU 2AIfe LOysIoU st
‘oy ato pute ‘Soxpog Sutn04 aq o2 s]nos 2194p peng a4y
‘ow souo peap ano} Surpnyut ‘suerpayic Buray ysl axe
‘au9up ‘s923n0s JeIoYyoUN 0 RuIpiOaDY :SUMIPETTS «
‘wo2aq sionseu yxep asaup aku s10HZ04 ay
seve>ipua (ssoupeyy jo yoog ay Z [q]-[eqnbe afewtoxe
powioyep ayp ques siqp ypeas daxp awn ay 4g pute se

mi|

449 j208 24 uo saa}p14 194 1196 01 duane smaenstUyspe UE

Jey vorsuadsy aun yo souaag aup puryog an, dey

IP se Apog ut pordnusoo uso axe soayosuioyps soBeurysay
‘sunoy Susseajd axow 9410 WY sIseUOD say TUNISIA
‘uoyo *unnzods axp ssox3e (,spuauy, wtp 1]e9 a1ep au0U)
sore ayeU nejaig "uorERs9y noysia IF MOyJo} WYP JO
Aue pu pons st 1]p4 02 puewue> sup ‘aas9s KOtp WeYA IO
‘woya mouy Ajases sumed as94 | "spuemunod s1942 HEME ay
2pep puesiunds siayrysodeys ‘saunduren asaya ‘spjiow pau
Jeary pur jewow ayp ssouse son urevureW! ose sjaunuag
|[e> pue 399q nayp ae arem suowg]"4ppuersuy some djaq,
‘uounuuns ue> wtp Jo Aue ing ‘ouoye oxen nejaxd wsoyy,
[pieauaye ape2op k 40} pao4}>9 S1UDA dtp JO SUOIS
-snoxadas atp awn ypeo ing ‘pueypssy >LOMpyay Ui pasfoaut
208 Ayjem>e ejoid uaym sieak og ased axp uw Sose> UaLOp F
sdeypad usog ancy 239%,1 30m Arp axp op oa ur watp puds
pup Nensiuspe pue suerieys jo swear ajquuasse,,s|aunUas,,
ayearos ap fuotp vase snvjaud vo UonUone axp pueut
-2p-Ge> siotiguy/sansuas Appejnomzeg "spuewop uo}enas
ugsi8 se yeruaiod sy jo ypnus se dquo SuNj!oaun ‘sys a4p.
2376 eypo Fra] pu eq sSucy Nejaid w ‘snomeIUD}s0 10
ARG] Ryp¢Og "PPIs ayp UO LoRe>:Do4 ap UI Bus pue
-ssotsey4 21941/J0 |] 9tp Surop Ansadey oxp wieos nejaud
‘ip Suerpoyy} atp yo spuey pue sox at enepad «
"woneasasau Jo Aarau INOKEN PIYysea]

Pan oie ssofsod Aoyp siamod ajqepruuoy sosoieye "Udy |

wal s$ssp19 2u09u108 JUN — aarsensiad pur aanseNIe
Saifod Afurseyun ase nenstusspe ‘sose> [Ie Uy "plos ayp

48d ay) UI 200} 940 Yat ta9Ag ‘pasans9p 24 02204 "oR
-anayfop peaids on s1 1utod ayp ‘pe saagy "Teas ap 01 S109
494, fsajun-a>qyUOD soreNMN sB49u sMeNSIUISpE UY
;oqI)4 ]>ssno4 298 01 Aem ains st smEnsTUISpE
‘ue Buneumnsaiapun ‘]]Ng ‘s]P¥s ]eAP!Ew siaep se yoru se
sayiyeuosiad Suruuim pue sim sTatp Uo Afps wtp jo A10f
"au axp ‘s9Mod Jo s1ysiny weIpa}|sC) YoeD1 UeD HERISTUISpe
anyay Snows uetp ai0wsaeyp ‘Syjerouan "smensiutspe ue
‘neyp jnyramod asow snpueydony  399Uns9x9s08eU may
(3207
LOPPIHL PUE sMOPEYS Jo Yoo 4,1 ‘ss9UPEHY Jo Yoog
YL UI 21g 1Pof 29g) -aaiTe safEU snoaBuEP IsOW! ay
Suowe are aaaMoy ‘op oys aso\p ‘Gof a4p Uo 3waK e ant
"ans nensiuispe mag -Uoyssajoad ayp Ur ares s9aowM YI
© sa204 0% PJoy Jo 20] & soajoaut aa1a1os smreNsUy
sy "uaamaag ey pur taj axe pos stun suaonpas‘éjaxeumi0
‘IPH ov Burrus em o2 sues I0Uy>D9] IMOAap a>utAUOD
{ue wtp jo a89q aU "saNdeMe wes YoNeUUHEP DCU
nensturspe'ssiqy atj Jo uswsa]es a4] seNISTUISPY «
‘uonarunsap 19119 62 p9i049p.
‘qyrya9y8 pue ssajasiowan "sew — got a4p 40} oor aysia
saps uendeyg whine Axvaqyauen nok uayy S| 94 se
{pla op oa smenstunspe ue jo spuey stp ut paseyd pue sy
Age ap ur pauoy ‘suodeam Suray] exp au0w apa are
ney ous soanzaya requio> Aypeap aze sueaXeys ‘sopmimne
eq pue saweuy>tu 21n9 weIp "raxaKoy ‘saKonsap ap

C


I7Z2S;

(

‘obviously, on the nature ofthe reams mission; sendinga gang
of pawns to assassinate a Chantry head is a waste of good
cannon fodder, while puting afl strike team on the case of
pesky moral is over. Evil doesnot mean tactically inept

The basic self-sufficient field unit consists of pawns (un
‘Awakened, ofcourse) who may ot may not know whatthey'e
actually doing, herded along by pair of Shayeans anda single
arkinistraus. The pawns hound the team's taget into the
‘open, whereupon the Shaytans pick up the chase and, hope:
fully, finish it. The commanding adsinistratus rarely, fever,
sets involved directly, bur may take an active hand in matters
if it looks like the Shaycans ae in trouble.

The size of strike teams varies. The largest in recent
bistory (working undercover asa street gang in west Philadel-
phia)consistedofover40un-Awakenedpawns,nineShaytans,
nofewerthan three adsinistrati with overlapping responsibil:
tiesanda single prac. Why such an intense concentration of
force was necessary remains unclear, but the series of bizarre
incidents (the exposure ofa thriving mail-order busines ig
thurman remains, a fire chat devastated over 130 houses, the
discovery ofa pair of "house of horrors syle murder sites) in
the Philadelphia area following the deployment ofthis ike
ceam indicates that it was hard at work on something.

‘While pawns are expendable, Shaytans and adsihistad
arenot. Every strike team keepsa backdoor open
local pawns who can cover an escape.
remain ignorant oftheir purpose until the Fallen come calling.

Basicstrike teamsgoarmed tothe teeth with both glditght
and conventional weaponry;a bullet othe brain kills sutely
as an Eneropy-induced embolism, and without the ak of
Paradox. In special cases, strike teams request spetiak ali
from their Masters allies which can best be descrlbed ath.
(Often literally indescribable (or atleast foul), ches things até
deadly in combat, gamering as much advantage fro their
hideous appearance as from their claws, tentages of thes
‘weaponry. On the down side, these "living" weaponsténd to
invoke heavy Paradox backlash, In situations that demi}
heavy artillery, most strike teams will take that risk.

Tes rare for more than two strike teams to woak in a
given city ata given time. Strike teams often steer clear of
‘one another's operations by unspoken agreement.

Reer he Price of a Soul

Recruiting is a labor of love for the Nephandi. Even a
failed recruitment, one in which the "prospect" dies, is a
victory: that's one fewer mage in the field, one more corpse
toscare the enemy. Most recruiting is done by adsinistrati,
though tactics vary from seducer to seducer. Very few
rectuiters bear active marks of their service; the Nephandi
understand the importance of packaging.

Nephandi almost universally reserve the stereotypical,
"Join us and you'll receive power beyond your wildest
dreams!" sales pitch for Sleepers, most of whom end up as

80 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

guards, runners or bagmen. Such mortals (many of whom
dabbled in home-grown Satanism or some other form of
pseudomystical quackery before attracting dark attention)
spend their entire service eagerly anticipating the moment
when some Dark Overlord or other will grant them cosmic
power, thus enabling them to take over the world. Most of
these idiots aren't bright enough to spot the logical fallacies
in this pipe dream of power (#1: If the Outer Things are
‘omnipotent, why do they need henchmen'; and #2: If the
Other Things are coming to reclaim the world, does anyone
think they'll share"), and so ae willing to wait years forcheir
"just rewards." Self-blinded by dreams of power, these
henchmen gladly perform the most depraved acts imagin-
able, all in hopes of a reward that will never come. Few of
them ever rise above being cannon fodder — or demon
fodder, for that matter. The K'llasshaa favor the "Be badder
than bad!" approach more than the other factions do. Hey,
it works: These demented Fallen claim a nearly endless
supply of cultists willing to follow even the most suicidal
caramands without question.

True mages (or even hedge wizards) rarely fall for this
norigense; they already have power and know its price. The
Nephandi reserve a pair of more involved approaches for
these advanced souls. The firs is brutally direct — essen-
tially p base of "Join us or die." While most Fallen avoid
open warfare, they'l gleefully kidnap a promising subject
1nd drag him home for "playtime." Orphans and Tradition
‘mf stick ate favored targets for snatch-and-grabs; Maraud-
irs etd vo be too volatile and Technocrats toowell-guarded
468 thisSipptoach to work wel.

Mages without close companions wind up in the Pits.
Orice'the target has been secured, the recruiting team goes
tO woskewith tools both physical and magickal. According
{0 those rare escapees of this sort of recruiting, the tech-
niques used re nothing short of abominable: Fingers are
chesyd offand then forcibly regrown through perverse Life
‘magick only to be removed again; scuttling parasites are
ingertéd into screaming victims who are then forced to
watch the creatures' progress. In one memorable case, @
smage-was immobilized as his own fingernails were made to
stow at a visible pace toward his eyes.

Eventually even the most hardened soul arrives at one
cof two states: he cracks and joins the Nephandi in order to
make the torture end, or he dies. Entertaining as it may be,
this "enticement" isn't particularly effective. Most pain-
convertsdieiin the Cauls before their Rebirthsare complete.

Experienced mages are usually difficu to abduet. In
these cases a seducer gives his target enough rope to hang
herself — and then reels in the corpse. An adsinistrat
going after a powerful mage never reveals his true afi
tion, Rather, he setsa subtle trap, promise or appeal to the
subject's better nature, insecurity or ideals. He baits a tasty
hhook (often with his own body), dangles it in front of the
"fish" and waits fora bite, Few tempters have to

long, r )

ID.

If carnality doesn't work, the tempter offers up esoteric
knowledge, batters the subject' faith or raises disturbing
questions with nasty answers. If all else seems to fail, the
tempter offers aid against some greater threat and then
either collects on his markers or spreads the word around.
‘Once the walls have begun tofall, che convert has no place
else to turn and the Nephandus reelsin his prize. This s the
most effective form of recruiting, The subject joins of her
own free will

Wars in the Out Side

When not settled with a serrated ka
some suitably esoteric display of Entropy magicks, disputes
‘among the Nephandi are brought to court for the Nephandi
equivalent of litigation. The court in question can be found
in one of the Labyrinths, usually che one with the most ties
to the strongest party involved. Courts are formal occa:
sions, half bloodsport and half pantomime, with the highest
ranking prelati or (in rare instances) Gilledian present
presiding over the affair. Depending on the whim of the
presiding judge there may or may not be evidence or a jury,
and rorture may or may not be used on any and all parties.
Trials by combat, fire or Umbrood are common (if a bit
jejune at this point), and divinations as to the truth of the
matter may be read in the entrails of innocent bystanders.

in the back or

‘Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascension War

Abductions

\ Sensationalist ne

abductions" hy «, "4 news media is full of s ties of

Perform ange ee!" — roughly humana) apt en
unspeakable fertl tanoid aliens who

certain other Technocra
neers are actually pursui

This isn'cto say that the verdict of a court is binding,
merely entertaining. Courts often an excuse for acamival,
with dancers, jugelers and more perverse
amuse the crowd (and jury). Indeed, some Nephandi set up
court appearances for themselves just so they can make a
splash in the social whiel of the Labyrinths.

81


Rumored Tactics

My spirit white as lightning

World on my travels guide me

The moon would quake and the stars would shake

Whenever they espied me

Steeleye Span, "Boys of Bedlam"

Dragging the whole of Creation down to rotted corrup-
tion isn't something that you accomplish overnight. The
ultimate victory of the Nephandi's masters must come
instead as a result of millions of tiny operations, each of
which brings etemity one step closer to crashing down.

* Stalking Horse — The Nephandi don't care about
being subtle with humans it's reality that they have to worry
about offending (for the moment). Asa result, favorite tactié
involves terifying ot bribing prominent Sleepers (especially
politiciansand entrepreneurs) into working or the Dark Lords
These high-ranking pawns follow orders from Below, taking
actions so inflammatory as to flush the local Tradition mages
‘out. Major land purchases are always good for gettigg
Dreamspeakers in a huff, while lobbying for starutes on ob

obfeah-
ity, lifestyle or drugs usually lures Choristers, Cultisys dnd

Faces in the Shadows

Verbena into the public arena. While the Tradition
attempt to deal with thingssubtly, they're easy prey for Sh
hit teams. The more the Tradition mages try to keep

only matter of time before the local supemacurals get wind of
this new, unknown threat. Vampires get jumpy, blame one
another and go foreach others throats. As any vampire worth
hissalthas his ingerson adozen oro mortals, these humansalso
get caught up in the conflict, leading to riots, murders and other
civic disturbances. While all of this shakes down, the local
Garou goon the warpath, Chaos, terrorand blondshed inevita
by ensue allt the benefit ofthe Nephandus' master.

* Dreama Little Dream —Open confrontation is not
and never has been the Nephandi's style. They prefer to
attack only when the overwhelming advantage of numbers
ison their side. When the odds go against them, the Fallen
harry their targets from a distance, weakening them slowly
until they fall from attrition.

Dreams are wonderful staging grounds for this kind of

\ assault. A steady flow of nightmares piped into the victim's
ubconscious disruptshersleep patterns, makes her nervous.
and irritable, and often leads to fatal mistakes. And then
thete's the tactical advantage gained when a Nephandus

{ stickies his foe from adistance: By provokinga victim in her

dregs and watching how she reacts, a smart Nephandus
<canigauge how she'll act when the nightmares become real

‘There are many ways to serve the Lords of the Outer

under wraps, the wilder the Shaytans get, forcing the defgnders [lDarlingss, While most Nephandi could quaintly be labeled

to devote more and more of their energies to keepinfg 4 hig
things. Manipulation of pawns can also reveal the ©
‘Technocrats, whomay come into the field to find
bought politicians or businessmen aren't bought gr

‘* Keeping the Pot Boiling — An alliance pf}
racyand Tradition mages banished the majority off
a half century ago, and the Fallen Ones hav¢n'g forg
They now delight in stirring up trouble begvetn
factions. A barabb or two will usually infiltraye gpchs
given city, handing over information on the fenjpsny574
‘ness that's too good to resist. Mutually di tive
result, leaving both sides desperate for help. Thi, df caul
barabbi are only too happy to supply. The hain.
escalates from there. If temporary truce. ever threatens. a
time-honored technique involves each mole "outing" the
Nephandus on the other side, giving her putative allies all the
more incentive to renew the fighting.

+ Turf Wars — There's always good fun to be ad in
inciting the local supernatural population. Vampires and
‘werewolves never need an excuse to be paranoid, so providing
them with one simply increases the entertainment. In cases like
this, a Nephandus kills a few innocent bystanders (if he's really
{feeling vicious, he establishes a "pattern" to his acts) and alters
the compses somehow by using magick. Favorite "tricks" involve
mutilations, spontaneous cancers and cracking corpses' bones
and draining their marrow from inside. Once the Nephandus'
‘pawns scatter the bodies throughout hiscity (using Time magicks
todiffuse any reading someone might get on time of death), it's

82 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

af

iV

the

af

f-sqacés," at least when it comes to the business of

igni some band together into groups to pool their
exSurcess Others prefer the "easier" duties of taking orders
andl @favitate toward sects that fulfill a need for command,

ST K'lasshaa

Mbe-detmented K'llasshaa turn their service to the

AO ut Ting ingoa mixture ofa religion and insanity. By

Herel andor dante lepers th e minions
yas lowling Void create cults like the Flaming Brand
‘\@tiutdhiiche Wailing Darkness and The Order of the
(Galden Pyramid. Within these midnight sects, the mad.

SDs det ofthe Fallesiurge their followersto"devotions" wherein

‘torture, self-mutilation, ongiesand blasphemy are just appe-
tizers. Rich in resources, pawns and intimidation, the
Killasshaa promote an apocalyptic gospel in which the
Hungry Void awaits its final act — the impending death of
the universe. K'llasshaa commit the foulest acts of deprav
ity with the greatest reverence in the unspeakable names of
their unspeakable deities. Serial killings, messages written
in blood, severed body parts sent through the mail, church
and synagogue vandalism, particularly gory rapes and mut-
ders —all are acts of worship to membersof the K'llasshhaa.

‘An inductee into the K'llasshhaa must make his con
version as spectacular and as public as possible. The act of
initiation most also serve asa renunciation of all that the
sage stood for in his previous existence, leaving no doube
as to where the mage stands now. Betrayals of friends and


ik
init

‘i
i)

loved ones, desecration of Nodes and holy sites, sadistic
violations of innocent bystanders — all of these put the
stampoflegitimacyon amage'sconversiontothe K'llasshhaa

Malfeans

Regarded with some suspicion by therestoftheNephandk,
the Malfeans (not tobe confused with the Spectres ofthe same
name) are Fallen Ones who pledge their devotion and servi
tothe Wyrm. These mages work toward the endof everything,
seeing license to rend, destroy and annihilate in the Wyrm.
‘While many Malfeans tend to overintellectuaizethisalliance
with che Wyrm ("Wedon't actually believein the existence of
a giant annelid nibbling on all of creation, Desmond — the
notion of Wyrm isjustalingustic construct createdby theoral
tradition of those quaint Garou to mask the activ
principle which will lead, sooner rather than lat
death of the univers."), they do ledge theirsoulsto something
on Malfeas (see Book of the Wyrm, Chapter Three), often
walking the Black Spiral itself to affirm the depeh of their
Even other Nephandi regard Malfeans as somewhat...
‘These corrupters who spawn fomori in their Labyrinths and
work within Pentex itself prefer the company of Black Spiral
werewolves and shambling half-men to that of other myaticks.
Nephandiwhohave endured tripstothe Underworld comment
that Malfean Chantries resemble che greater Labyrinth in the
Dead Worlds, while thase who've danced the Malfean Spiral
remark (if and when they stop gibbering) on the similarities
‘among all three places. Though all Nephandi can be seen as
Primordial souls, the ones who pass through the Spiral Gate
seem to be in touch with something more elemental than
anyone swilling toimagine. This, ascanbe imagined, unnerves
even the most hellbound Nephandi. A Demon Lord is more

accessible — and perhaps more merciful — than rave infinity.

Infernal Cults

Converts to the cause of those sefsame Demon Lords,
these Fallen mortgage theie souls to evil spits in return for
a better place in Hell. To these Nephandi, Creation is
damned from the outset, so one might as well gets good a
seat as possible, More corrupters than destroyers, the min-
ions of Infernal powers muster cults and networks like the
New Rite Church, the Blissful Waters Brotherhood and
the Dai Han Loe — serene-sounding fellowships with
hidden levels. Infernalist Nephandi within these orga
tions preach blistered scriptures or outright Satanism.
(Outside the cults, lone demon-brokers tempt weak mortals
into whirlpools of sin and hatred. Infernalist cults tend to
‘work subtly, preferring slow poison to the bloody ax. These
Nephandi own nightclubs, galleries and corporations, and
control politicians, entertainers and simple-minded devil
worshippers. While the other Nephandi sects twist them:
selves into monsters, most Infernalists remain clean and
innocuous — on the surface, anyway.

Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascension War 83

ID.

Vp:

d


IVS

NO Ail

The Benevolent Society of Lost Souls

Less an organization than a social club, the Benevolent
‘Society comprises the elite ofthe Nephandi's snatch-and-grab
units. This isn't because its members have any special training
‘or receive any particular orders from Beyond the Nighted
‘Gulfs. They simply enjoy torture and kidnapping and therefore
practice both until they get very, very good at them.

The Benevolent Society isbound only by its members!
enjoyment oftheir shared activities; its not uncommon to
find Malfeans, K'llasshaa, Infernalists and even the odd
Sabbat vampire out fora "social." Members of the B.S. often
affect Victorian or Edwardian fashion styles, use mock-
formal language and generally come across.asswishy versions,
of the droogs from A Clockwork Orange —at leastuntil they
spota target. The resulting carnage isall the more stunning
considering the genteel air these Fallen affect.

‘Chapters of the B.S. can be found in any major city.
Member rosea unable ote the leat While hg
society does not rectuit for itself — its prizes are inevitably
turned over to others —a high percentage of barabbi gn
by the society eventually join its ranks.

Thebestearthly parallel tothe politicsofLabyrigt
‘medieval court. Substitute Demon Lords, Malfeaf
and Outer Things for medieval lords; rank-and-file
for courtiers: and pawns for serfs and the rest falling
‘The fortunes of each Labyrinth or ahriman (cab)

nor mercy in these wars. Privately, some Gilfegany
that the Lords of the Nephandi encourage thi
squabbling asa way of culling the weak frony
and as entertainment.

Infernalist Nephandi have the best gr
as such have the fiercest and most firmly estab
ries. While the squabbles of the Outsidets may be perfectly
vicious, the ambiguous nature of what the Nephandi fight
for tends to limit the duration of such conflicts. The
‘organization of Malfean Nephandi breaks down on along
looser lines, however, and resulting factions rarely coalesce
long enough to engage in squabbles. On the other hand,
should anyone else maneuver against a Malfean's position,
the interloper is likely to be swarmed by local Malfeans.
Infernalists accuse Malfeans of ignoring details. Malfeans
claim that Infernalists who work one soul ata time are petty
and small-minded. Outsiders insist that both groups ignore
the truth of their struggle. And so the merry chase goes.

Lietle of the fighting occurs out in the open; far from it.
Politicking, promises, alliances and deception are al steps

84 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

in the endless dance of knives. There's a lively trade in
favors and information, but the game's not unlike playing
poker with razor-edged cards. Asking for help from some-
‘one who serves another Entity is tantamount to admitting
that her patron is superior to yours; incurring debts to
servants of other Powers may make your own Patron look
askance at you. It's always risky to incur a debt with the
Damned; some things are worse than losing your soul.
(This brings us to an interesting question: IF Avatars
reincamate, where's the horror of damnation? It's simple,
really: Consciousnessis butasmall parcof the soul. In the great
rmixmaster of the Abyss, Avatar may be separated from con-
sciousness; the soul is thrown into a pit of torture or
\imprisonment, the Avatar goes into a huge cauldron. In the
latter case, the Essence mingles with countless other souls
before it's reborn in a mortal body to take on another con-
‘clousnessThismay be why true-bom widderslante(pretainted
Spils) are so hard to come by: The Nephandic consciousness

all over again. Thus the human consciousness remains

ft iM, bound to whatever bargains it made before death.

—the smart ones, anyway — spend much of theit
ing to make sure those bargains aen't too dificult to
th after death. Few are successful.)
though deadly politcal gamesare played by Nephandi
c\d, the Fallen tend to be subdued in the face ofthe
a truism among the Benevolent Society that
¥e\from your adsinistratus until the second you've
the job —butgetting the job done is wharcomes
is wise 0 find another job — quickly

e inted Touch

di have their fingers in @ great many pies.
ey have a great many fingers — and other
Fallmarks ofa group under Fallen sway are a
high public profile and murky finances, a
jon in which the corruption of one or two
the entire group, and some vague aroma
of-espectability.that\ masks what the group is really up to.
(Organized crime, tabloid TV, the drug trade, televangelism and
international politics are the obvious Nephandic playgrounds.
You can find the Fallen swimming anywhere where money,
agreed, jealousy and vindictiveness heat the waters — the beauty
pageant circuit, gambling towns, the fashion industry.
The Nephandi have fingers in alot of pies, bur thats all
Ie's not worth their while to have total, micromanagerial
control of things — they leave that sort of obsession to the
‘Syndicate. Rather, Nephandi merely introduce their favored
viruses, stir the cocktail and let nature take its course. This
"nudge, don't shove" approach isn't only more effective than
micromanagement, but it suits the Nephandic worldview
AA few realms of Nephandi influence include:


$8 JRA oIsuadsy atp jo sauaag aup punyag san seidey)

sqaimoyg y>veas "24 puers we> nok 31) ung yo 20} & aaey pure

su2Au09 J0 20] € UNE ‘aHlewEp Jo 20] w 9sNeD WED AdyA hem
251g 3ysIpods ys vi dn quuy>zoa$egyomoy she|d 1290p
aysiu ayy spaqay sia sayesonaroyp UeuEW spun:
eq qwauTUreuoiUs woy awo> oy IpUEYdan, 380} IE UE
‘umeds Aayp‘jood 9j139) stp Jonue> ,uop Ua/Jeg 2441
ye 2 Jo 118d awo>9q 02
ues pue yore ppiom axp ssorse aysoad se sey ssauu apoyo
‘yp aeyp aoay> yp sapIsuoD UTX, "sDYeDKP [E>] UaA2 St
AOU ‘ISM JapIsuor) ‘po9A24 J9A9U Inq Po2s9ROAd 40 Pos
‘Aaypourwoa © psonpaast xas az04a ‘punouSsapun 214 des
-ouiod ayp 40 !umo say dn smay> 21 SP UDAD soAjasUOp Ie
yoo] a]doad Kew oxp s2ouanyuu eyp AarunuTMoD aaisnyoxa
"jews & suas souetteaennxo pur Aaues YoY Us ssoutsnY
snonyrodns sypeior ¥y saino319 woryses axp auteur "asn we
saxduian fue rey — Aany 9pIN8
dn sis erpour sseun *uor3}|>1 293 ospy "1 poagoatt apdood
Jo soquinu atp yay uoraodoud jo ano aauanys sey eIpaus
ssew "olor 94] sAnsnpuy jusWUFRINN IY, 6
‘uu ay je Aepd Aaya pu ‘oused s1yp ano} spueydany 24
‘Burwoo4pu9y ag Ae 39U9{O}4 pue aNduEpL st ye ‘postr
siaauy "posstussip s1 uomeurfewy ‘powasueo 9u0K3943 yo Aap
= !a}pa1s aig Bumanoz9punsnip ‘svn seo spoqhsanasei4m
a0] aun yu possndiyp ‘oygnd ayy, "94996 >y]qnd e axoaosd
oy paziuezen ay o1ut soquiu 2]qeisun sow ay AAUP
‘uno snpueydayy e'dnoss yoea ut suonng aaj eSunysnd Ay

ppiBem spaau oy,

poaid "Asnoyeat — suossed

VII |

XZ
p

soypien pue,,‘sdoyspeay jnso0, uorsng eSuruue|ds 20Aeur
2yp wey MOU} 910284009 9x ID] ‘(oRIOGE 3940 swe
(01 jJe> €) uous ase] s,yoany> axp Jo Adoo e ypias A4or>eq
dure 2yp 02 y>eq $908 ay "SInseDU Poo 30 asnf jUTy
2eYA jay SIOEIUOD oma JatpO ayA WHO, a/qeHEAL SYOo9,
‘aygig ames ay 20 axmdoy ay, :2douypuo9€7 Jo seido>
21 spaeauo 20 "ypanyp asndeg [e>0] 941 02 s1sN2] snow.
Auoue spurs xely ‘sjeo8 qnog paratype Sura} "S4>P4 205
pI HEC] ByA AO Asn or sdn-f>ny may ¥ anIdsUt Ajqeqosd
ang "ss9]QquOM sa] "Ypequaded woonuouonr9AY ap asey>snd
‘01 Jaumo axp soBesnosUD puv "Ino suey ay] 9:94 2203400
28y MON 242 01 9A0: SYP xe[y POM 02 sios pue e=pr
eau e5,1 syunyp 29do}9aap 944] ‘sah fe1296 mnoqe sues w
COL AW PIO po), ssas%Ins pew {40984 auIeN Fog y>EIG
tou} 1adoyaaape epimdiunqunsp soo' xepy a23pf 39qp12 4940
\ypeo isureae saunayno asoy md 02 yoru 93102 3,us30p 2]

ype woxp and uayyeg au "29420 Y>eD
asuree stuaurayp asamp Burdeyd Ag "Aes py st A2uayy © omUT
uwpap Surams erp yeooa os sonsD sey You "ase YUM IDYIOIHpL
‘01 340 to} 2940 ss0H9 weYp SOD! — JoNLOD UND JodENArTEUL
soap @ yeIp suod! yeuuOLEAed jo Auase we sH2yO YEG "Kee
1,408 pjaom ayp Uy sIESOUYD9 jfexeMp paoUte ‘9497}9q 02 Pa
‘ayp01 sjeodde you ‘sanypsurayp oy yup ox 3nomaUs0 pagar
sip 001 ajdoad 01 uaxey © Suazo aqiys uonoaap peop
‘urena e soundsur y>eg "aoueys sy ae Mp Prod ue~P 99
oyu avezedsip aastp asptp uoandoq uoUuoD U! au0Ws.2294 |
Ausuanoyy a8y mon 242 pur Sudedapoy ‘suorn Ty &

wr


‘ofthe Ur

. othe Fallen arene stfangers ro the Ui
Tesipest (if a arr de Underwors and Laby
Marauder). The oy fllowing World War Ila team o

sears folls me
spect Ln he Ta econ this snch ea

the researcherrutived she presentaeion 9

jntancessreveale
ed that the ene

Malfeans in fhe primal Lat

distorted versions oft
Malfeans awakens much that
"Thais suggests a flaw ifthe Neph

1. Malfean,Garooh:

Jy chat he drearadivanishes.

,armét

ave lin dotherphanases ma

all woke up at once!
‘doomsday they all pray for

oftheir power or would itbe the'
‘What if it were both?

nagine a Nephandus in either Kyle MacLachlan's or
Elizabeth Berkley's role. Ie's not difficult.)

Televangelism, which mixes both religion and enter-
‘ainment, isso rife with Nephandic influence thatthe Fallen
Practically have to wait in line to get involved. Inaddition to
all ofits other benefits, televangelism offers the Dark Reflec-
tions an opportunity to cheapen faith while mocking it. Best
of all, che pawns perform so beautifully without prompting
that a Nephandus just has to whisper the occasional taunt or
Promise to keep a toy in line, Talk about a plush assignment!

* Dark Conspiracies: Conventional wisdom has it
that a global conspiracy of Satanists exists, a gathering of
cultists chat infiltrates the media, kidnaps children, muti-
lates animals and undercuts the Church. Thisis, of course,
farfetched. There is no such global conspiracy.

There are lots of them.

Sure they're disorganized, petty und ridiculously mis-
managed, but they're plentiful. People across the world fall
into rebellion, rage against the establishment or adopt the
clichés of devil worship. Some of them are true Infernalists
(see The Book of Madness, Chapter Four), but most are just
losers. Sil, a loser who can make other people suffer is a
powerful pawn, and the Nephandt value such pawns. By

86

The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Dreams of aDead Thing, :
rewolves

Jaming, dreams of power and destruction.

ah mirror those of the Chantiés

ner ber re iors. Not one of
fea chen ged ane

Ys finds
eset ed ven oy ca me

the chilling eroths js
lephahdl serve are nothing: «ped

ne res Secs ‘of all zhat-dviell Beyond are eflecti

finth, The Labyrinths, titles

The thoughts flickering through the sleeping: ‘minds oftthe never

coding to Shidowland lore the oldest and most
leper o pone eon the Nephandi

te Taare ae ‘Nephandi seemed confused and:

/reghosts, the ageless
heasts. They'reghosts,
‘Cieated when Entropy was born, these

fro the raw stuff of Creation. Cow they slumberrest!

‘hotme inthe deepest hells and shifting

open ace madser than
ae acme Fike ‘Damned in many

jg to discover the truth behind this

m ‘report, note oF VOICE
yma than pd oid Engineer

more than the dreams of sleeping.

orn, Andwhen one of theslecping

efpeakened anda)

ing destroyed

‘ditions comm

I's akeni
‘all chisis that Gorool's awal
at edn hiro fs

‘bout what todo with theit knowledge, If ageless cvs 00"

ancient
ifest outside the Horizon? How pom eee ancient
a Would the resulting Great Awakening

inspiring people toate giving them an outlet which includes
blasphemy, and by tossing in the occasional cookie, a single
Nephanduscan gatherasmall herd ofallies and send against
the innocent. This doesn't take much —the Fallen One need
not even lead a cult to enjoy its benefits — and the effort
fumishes a ready-made army should the Nephandus need a
sudden backup. A cule that includes VIPs (cops, mayors,
5, celebrities) has even greater potential (see the Ties
Meri in The Book of Shadows). A cule doesn't have to be
lange tobe efectve
* Pentex: The corrupting network called Pentex, the
obvious temitory of Malfean mages, contains an interesting
mixture of Nephandi and Syndicate Technomancers. Theis
skirmishes keep the already convoluted Wyrm-corpwistingin
its own coils. Not che most effective use of resources, perhaps,
butonethatensuresthat noone really dominatesthe company
Noone truly "owns" Pentex except the Wyrm itself. The
Nephandi in its halls play interesting games, scutling the
<ffors of Technocrats who try tokeep tabson the corporation,
Yet everyone essentially works for Pentex, not the other way
around. Even so, i's a prime piece of realestate: A Fallen One
with Pentex connections can cal in fornori First Teams (sce
Book of the Wyrm and Freak Legion) as backup, sabotage
rival companies and even influence local politics. Tradition
‘mages who cross that Nephandus can be attacked in a dozen


7

places — from a Wyrm-tainte
OTolley'stoa
— without endangering the Nepheandus.

tile police chief toa squad of fomori armed

Crossover Potential

The possibilities should be

vious. Black Spinal Dancers,

ated Spectres, Infernalist wi

P

smon-spirics, Wyrm-crearures and mort
wns—anyorallofthesebeingshoverar

JanyNephandus

worth. While these associations have lems

Black Spirals, in particular, put their allies on the line — the
fer a Fallen One a wide sphere of influence —and give each
Storyteller a wide range of cra

The Technocracy

Youareat wl by the Masses
Masses. Be th

Be thankful... Buy

and be happy
(Omm, THX1138

ward Drake knew

1, replaced by fluorescent lights and a

He awaited sen

pinions of five bitter old men. A

ucame here of your

Five men All the

rap or that Ri

few "inspirational

don't need wo restrain you, Drake. ¥
own free will, di

‘More or less. 1
while I ran on

se not to have some goon gun me down

ve far more valuable wows alive!

your execution, and killing you

would accomplish nothing
‘Why break an ol habit?
Mr. Drake, Idanotn

dt illanyone. Takealook athe
to know why I'm sitting at the

intme here. Common people.
co work every day without being
s. The woman who wants aise her
1 ytirement fund in her savings
iesent. The common

mall cabal of killers

The man who wants

assaulted by

wun, That's who I'm hear
‘man, Whereas you, my friend, repr
from is Mystick Path

+ of mages that protects my city

Mr, Drake, afier what I'm al

welcome the opportunity co work with us. Why should you tum

the chases lar. Ts ea

us down f Hermes, you 9

hierarchic

‘Would you like to hear the muth? You are the one whe

killed the Syndicate representative to this conneil. 1 know all

Youp

genetic ano oss the ability

Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes ofthe Ascension War 87

creature asa separate entiey, ome for whom 9

sibiicy. You have lide conerol over its activ

work

Tan give yo

One World, One
Paradigm

The world is a battleground of ideas. Philosop
religions, nations
Nations prepare for war. And behind the scenes, hidden
ral forces prey upon humanity
Werewolves rage. The Restless Dead possess. Powerful
images broker power, too. As they debate antiquated phi
losophies, they argue ov Whil
the Traditions argue, the world falls into darkness, rerror
‘ced by the forees of the occult

One Union stands against the
the future is Utopia, a world of prosperity, security and
reason. At leas, thar's what the Technocrat
plan to unite che world under cheir banner th
and idealism. They patrol, recruit and protect the Mass
from the forces of the unknown. Their greatest weapon is
technology and they use it to advance their ideal: One
world, one truth, one paradigm of reality

Ie'sanoble ideal. Too bad their

naval. Through the

ining of Iteration X, the genet

mat the Ivory Tow

if Damage Control and an educa

what your Or

Truth, One

all of these forces divide the human

Vampires victim:

arkness, Its viston of

‘echnocracy 10

They began to weave cunains of darkness

They erected large pillars
With go

With infinite labour the Eternals

on hooks fasten'd in the pillars,

A woof wove, and called it Science
— William Blake, The Book of Urizen
Okay, let's start at square one. What is the Technoc
racy?Isitanarmy of eyby
down our heroes? Is ta bunch

swith chainguns waiti
of glorified goons in blay
unfire? If it is either, th
p their Forces rote
2 few fireballs to save the world, That's

suits who set up fusillades of

characters should he able fire

T\ OYA

N
4

\S


Technocracy story. It can be entertaining, but consider the
alternatives. Technomancerscan be more than just targets.

Maybe our approach should be something more subtle.
After all, we might want a little more in our stories than
straight combat. We could make all the technology in our
stories evil — wel, all technology except cool things like
computers and rocket packs. Then we could focus on the
whole "magic versus technology" schtick. We'll make our
pack of New Age heroes virtuous crusaders against an
uncaring high-tech world. They'll throw their televisions
cout the Chantry windows, light up a few sticks of incense
and the world will be a perfect place! That could work, too.
Iecould alsobe shallow. Why sll yourselfshort with an easy
‘moral about the "evils of technology?"

Stories involving the Technocracy center on the dark
side of technology, the potential of what it can become if
we'renot careful. Any timeanew technological innovation
isintroduced to the world, it has the potential to be abused.
‘When chat invention "arrives," a paradigm shift takes
place. That shiftcan change our lives, affecting the way we
see the world. With each paradigm shift a larger shift also
takes place: a trend toward technocracy.

A technocratic society is one in which technology
molds culture. Itencourages usto stop thinking of people as
hhuman beings and star thinking of them as machines. We
don't sleep at the end of the day, we pump caffeine into our

88 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

systems until we crash, We don't heal, we expect doctors to
be like automobile mechanics, patching us together when
wwe break down. We stop making decisions based on hue
mane values; instead, we set aside our feelings and measure
courworld with statistics. We even stop talking toeach other
and stare at television screens to find our entertainment.

Does this mean that all technology is evil? No, cer
tainly not. Used carefully, technology can improve our
world immensely. We can educate, inoculate, protect and
produce. But if the people who use that technology can't
control it, it controls them. The results are nightmarish

Demonstrating the dark side of any technological
innovation in a story is easy enough. Just take a bit of tech
and give ita technocratic spin, emphasizing the dehuman-
iting aspects of the invention. Think ofthe negative aspects
of television, for example. Families prefer ito each others'
company. Endless commercials influence what we buy.
Programsproject imagesof ideals: ifthey don't reflect us, we
don't exist. So-called objective journalists define our world
for us; we decide what is important based on what they say.
And that's just the beginning.

Stories about the Technocratic Union involve con
spiracies, too. What fa small cabal of mages controlled the
masses using its technocratic influence? Whar if the mages
could raise millions of dollars or influence elections by
showing the right commercials on TV? What would be


7

trolled

ible if genetic engineering and military hardware had

mple answer: The pe
ould control the world

le who con.
Mage's

Here's a si

that tech

seracy does just that. To a point.

Any technological inventions — telephones, televi

puters, transportation, education,

ions —can be used to focus the magick

we Technocratic Union. Technology is a ubiquitous
f an undeniable effect on our culture. Those
olit contro! the world. Introducing this equation

« is easy. Build layers of conspiracy, throw in &
logy, add a

ash of paranoia and you have the basic elements of May

f magick based on controlling tech

Technocracy at your command,

Suill, Technoceats aren't ju fic bullies;
niless of

cost. To them, the world can become a usopialifithey:
influence enough people, recruit promising mages and

nify "magick" into the science that they. believe iti. The
ideal has become tainted, however. The Teehnocrats have
summoned up something they can't fly eonrcrol. Sounds
luke magick, doesn't it? Iris, False pride-ean corrapranyone)

from the lowliest technician to the most powerhil Secret
Master in the Realms of the Deep Univers:
Regardless of whovis*winning"the Ascension War, the
World of Darkness is a far exy from Uropia, Rather, i's
Hystopia infected by technoeraey. The Union's original
vision has been perverted in this high+tech world, Ma
«erexistsolely toservehumanity humanity
ives in the shadow of The Machine, Developing thar
theme isa litle more complicated than just sending ont
‘of HIT Marksand Men in Blacktokill thecharacters,
that theme makes for more intriguing

Structure!

integrate the Techno

mnicle isto build it into your setting from the start. From
from the skies to amalgams fighting
f the Ascension War, the Union's hi
isextensive. Once youhave built that structure

integrate it into the game

we overlords watchin
he trenches

is aa distinct disadvan
If the Technocracy ever

he Technocratic Unio
vided

goal was to kill every supernatural

n Ear

10 divert its resources

ster plan, the

Ascension War in

inocracy fights the

ree battlegrounds: "alternate dimensions,

culture and open warfare. To meet

inion separates itself into d

‘ructs, the Symposia and am:

Chapter Three:

Horizon Collectives and
Constructs
Stationed in g

cynchronous orbit over many maj

cities, Horizon Collectives organize the Technocrac

forces. Like Horizon Realms, these Constructs form pockets
f reality that allow Technomancers to practice their A.

without invoking Paradox. The "boundaries of coine
dence" have been molded to accept technom

reject more mystick styles (see Mage, past

on usually

Collective (Technocraey: NWO), the Acme Pyrotechnic
Institure (Technocracy: Iteration X) and EcoR (Tech:
nocracy; Progenitors)

Large Constructs stretch into Realms of their own i

the far reaches of the Umbra, encompassing huge opera
tions and offerin: Earthboun
Constructs (what the Traditions call "earthly manifesta
tions") tie the mortal world to Umbral stations. The Book
of Chantries (Chapter Two) describes a couple of the big
Realms. The langest by far is Avtocthonia, described i
Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds

Symposia

Each ofthe world's major cities contai
of Technomancers that oversees local
‘Convention has a chair on the Syn
berischoscn coleadit. Naturally
dominates the group. Each ofthe other Conventions cor
ems itself with spheres of influence ims
society; Iteration X inilteates the
places sympathizers in. mass med
Syndicate commands local corporations

esium, but one met

it member's Conventior

~olice force, the NWO

The Symposium mainea
each Construct has a

tiestothe local Construct

resentative on the Symposium
who also reports co her Convention leaders. Symposium
politics can yet heared at times, but they avoid the distrac
tions that characterize Tradition councils.

Amalgams

the field who report

cof amalgams in
ly. Each Horizon,
Collective likewise containsa collection of amalgams to keep
Like cabal

1 their progress mont

algam has distinct dut

different Convent
whi

h include moni
threats
ponsible for the

a, converting the Masse

‘shotha privilege anda punishment
edged sword of command.

nd the Scenes of the Axension War 89


N

NO? All

Dispatch Centers (Fronts)
While Tradition ma

crats hide their operations behind fronts. Any given
corporation ot

ather in Chantries, Techno:

usiness — a firm of psychol an
automobile assembly plant, a huge software manufacturer

iceal a dispatch center. Anywhere that techn
can be, shall we say, "abused" can be a front.
nnclude Duplex Assembly/Recycling in Technocracy: It
eration X and Dr, Bums' gang in Technocracy: Progenitors,

"Lam Nota Number..."
Tradl

a hive-mind haven for

n mages describe the Technoer

scist stooges. Considering

swords with the
and more covert positions harbor the individual Unionists,
Acthe base of the Technocratic pyramid, staunch individue

re rae. Powerful mages re a the top: Hence struggles
levels of the order. Un-Awakened and low-level Techno.

cratsare the pawns of their masters, and a pawn sometimes

w-level Technocrats, wh

layers' characters, are a uniform b

as to be suerificed to further a strategy.
While outsiders consider the Teehnocracya monolith,
the Union is, in fact, divided. Theory and practice don't
always agree, There's schism between those who theorize
shout the Ascension War and those who see it firsthand.
(On the Horizon, high-ranking Technomancers have ideal-
tic visions. On the front lines, theory only goes so far.
Amalgams often need to take theit own initiarive. When
no far, they get crushed underthe very Union they
1. A few staunch individuals get promoted: they
igainst other Technocrats to determine the fate of
the Technoeracy from there
* Low-Level Consors: The lowest levels of the Tech-
Sleepers perform many of the simplest ta

supp.

s. Obedience is
nce is futile. Technicians, gang mem-

ers, grunts, media dupes and blackmailed stooges mean,
thing against the Greater Good. Tec

cratic brain
washing isa science perfected neatly a millennium age
ctrayals are uncommon. Yet promising individu:

motion through confor

hide

ity while others display initiative or win power by
Awakening, Most, however, remain at ground zero,

* Greater Consors: Many front-line operatives in the
Ascension War are either on the verge of Awake
have developed their affinity Spheres (see Mage, pg.

hhorgs, HIT Marks, space marines and Men in
Black walk the line between Awakening and mere aware

es. None of them would be considered Sleepers, but few
command much technomagick. Some technicians learn

the most arcane secrets that un-Awakened minds can,

The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

comprehend, while

Advancing fram thy

pecially prepared field troops make

lowest level of the pyramid is like

uncovering a conspiracy. Talented Technomancers slowly
discover the intricacies — and fallacies — of the Union,
Rebels and crusaders who oppose the conspiracy are eas!
crushed because of their lack of power, Idealist and vision.
aries find their own reasons to rise to power. In fact
Awaken: 1 moment of revelation for many
Technomancers:they realize their rolesin the grand scheme
of the Union. The vision of the master ce Tim
Table mes clear

© The Enlightened: The word "adept
ning Tradit

generally referred

also uses other words to describe its Aw:

Student

kened servant
‘© Armatures: These Iteration X cyborgs and sp
cialists offer firepower to support their teams.
These are Progenitors who either

study in Research Constructs or test discoveries in the fi

'* Research Associat
either prefer to work

* Opera
these agents to investigate supernatural aberrations on th
front lines.

* Associates: The Syndicare
control is power. After Awakening, Associates comman
the fields of commerce — legal and other

Void Engineers

es and Reporters: The NWO se

th other Engineers in other Realm
‘or condescend to work with amalgams on the fr

need-to-know basis, Amalgams with limited duties, respon
sibilities or loyaltieshave little choice but toremaini

on their given tasks. Nonethel
ot the time they spend in che field. Many of them start

uy wince their masters to follow
action. When this fails the staunchest
covered, they'te lapped down hard. Ifthey
worthy of promotion

* Experts: Ar this level of Enl
Technomancer usually finds herself prom

power can mean trouble for an amalgam on

fap

subordinates, as well. Powerful Technomancers may p
tw be promoted to Research or He
simple survival instinct — it's safer there

* Masters: Many of the most powe

lightened bs

shi

wl Horison C

surroundings. They tend to be very specialized in thei

fers. Masters are typically
absorbed in their stulies or addicted to the polities of


4

hat's ina Name?

Keeping names within
ment with fanatical devotion. Though many retreat Here's aguiet chet the Union straight isa nya

Ce
like De. Ken Himitsu and the World Advisory Council). ‘onsors

* The Inner Cirek
Masters, the Inner Circle of the Technocracy. Whether

influence is undeniable, if only chrough the record of their

sures, A privileged few command Realms that are utopiasto tion iethodologie: BloMechanics, Scaristician,

live there. The precious few who reach the sixth Sphere $ Kamrads
fy powers t00 great for the world we know. Master Ciphers

s hhide in Realms located in the Deep Universe Arca
¢ Earth. This visionary technology must remain in the Methodok

Technoeracy fulfills the primary Watchers eS OPetatives, Servanes,

of the lvory Tower,

J it far more tempting to Sympathizers
of the physical workd. Who gives a damn about a dying Oretaies Reporter nd Gray Men
: ae n there's higher know at ne Intelligence Analyses
rrould expect, the mages of the Inner Circle find it difficult "ere Men In White and Gatckecpers
© rsesprtce vith tres on the font line Progenitors
" lthodologies: FACAD)
ij ics Pharmacopeists E Engineers, Genegin
Tactics tig eabeere
Many of the Technocracy'saccomplished goalscan be 3, Technicians
them! A few classic strategies include Reveal
* Information Wipe sme ree 9 ReseDiccn and Primary Investigators
Jootc bie A penon's teraction with the moder [aliieeOCICaTS
muisand you eliminate races of him. You can | Mélt Conte, Spec Project glee eat Fines

Friends)

Associates (a ka Magia Men)

Managers (

hisph oh Wizards)
can even be evited fom Nt apartment wih 9 ile wraine (aka Vion Men)
baie Void Enginagee "Peon (aka. VE)

formation from the minds ofa victim's MUEMIMBERGEE

atesisevenimoreextreme.ThankstotheNWO's _Gatpe; Research and Exe

‘mastery of mind control, aloverean be conditioned t

we friend can even be eliminated and

fa mage's

ed with ac


pA

* The Dragnet

Mysticks manipulate reality to cast their magicks. In
response, the NWO uses conjunctional Correspor
Prime Effects to track down maj
tessence and Fi S
Technomancers

pretty basic procedures.
e88 fo an invention called
manar, amethod of detecting magickal activity. (Sce Tech-
nocracy: NWO for more details.) Wise mages tread lightly
and obscure any traces of Quintessence from their Chantries?
Nodes.

Once Reality Deviants have been detected,a va
mundane forces can be employed. Why use a chaingun
hen you can frame your victim on the local news? Set up
anasty crime. F. We at the police station. Manu
factutea psychological profile that will commit someone to
an insane asylum. With enough mundane influence,
Technomancers can save their magickal efforts for more

Stories of people who learn too much and who receive
friendly visits from the auth bound in UFOlogy
Abduction is followed by conditioning. The forces of
and order can then trap cheie victims in mindscapes, ilu
virtual realities with built-in situations that testa subje
reactions. (For several examples check out afew episodes of
‘The Prisoner, especially "A, B & C.") A captured Reality

92 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Deviant (or even a whole cabal) can undergo a little
psychological trauma once mindscape iin effect. In game
time, play this tactic ike adream sequence (see"Seekings,"
thapter Two). Such adventures present fascinating
leplaying opportunities. By asking "What if?" without
aractets lives on the line, your players can

akes their mages tick.

ie Manchurian Gambit
‘Anyone ean be conditioned with enough work. If you

be horrifying. The
or loss of aj
uundergoa full education or initia
racy. Alll the boys in black need
minds. (See Technocracy:
conditioning.)

‘© Brainwashing the Masses

You

mn toserve the Techn
tle access to victims?

n advance any idea if you control mass med
It's one more weapon in the war for reality. The am:
who control mass media can denounce promising mages,
ift political trends, persecute the innocent or draw atten
‘current issues and ideas. When one mage is
by the Union, it's frightening; when hordes of
controlled, ies downright chilling.
agenda conceals the movements of the
supernaturals. Technocrats know that the average Joc isn't


in any shape to deal with vampires or werewolves. Why
ly amatter

The Unior

then, should he know they exist? Afterall, i's or

trouble before reality is cleansed

therefore covers up evidence of Reality Deviants' existence

to avoid panic. The any in this

dia is just one tool of

* The

i°s a powerful one

y gent to impersonate a Tradition
‘mage. Set up a situation where he pretends to be on the run,

im make some friends, foreshadow his betrayal and
fore long the cabal is reluctant to trust any mage. Does
ss want to join your gaming group few

re being set up every step of the way
Frame them fora crime. Blame them fora war bétweenitWO)
powerful factions and trap them in the middle, Setthem up
a chess game going on every day and Tradition mages who
mnvestigate too much ate just asking xO be used as pawns

Agents and Agencies
GM. IBM
U3, CNN,

help. Inactuality

~ Laibach, "War"
A war effort this lange needs many spec alises. Each
Convention controls several agencies and any-ori¢of them:
can act as anally of struggling TechnogratsoraéarV enemy
of troublesome Traditionalists. Agaity the Technocracy.
are a fewquiek agencies to

books give copious details. Her

* Damage Control

anization within the Pi

Wgenitors manufactures

cs. These mutants are extremely unstable —
adox (see"Unbelief," page
65 of The Book of Madness).

es genetic freaks for dangerous

F very existence invites P
ff Mage, or pages 58 an

nage Control custom

alligacors that crawl out of coilets and

rasecats with poisonous clavs

typical
while clones and Victors provide more

1y organizes firepower, pure and
nple. Said firepower consists of anything from Kamrad
angs with baseball bats to black helicc

inimals. The BioMech

Methodology commands the
gives Akashic Brothers some
or flee from,

ing flashy to defeat

Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of

isticians
Another Iteration X Methoxol
of prediction. Statisticiansinfluence weather

fic accidents and games of chance thr

are right, any dire (or benefi

manipulation — if the od
cial) situar e Technomancers work
carefully behind th

scan be difficult. F

1s, countering their Time and

Entropy proce HI, it's hard enough

just ton em. Once the Statist

Effects or

* The Men in Whi
TREY operations very closely. Each Man in White controls
Pyramidofconspiracy. Ac the top, the eye remains eternal
vigilant. Getting to this vaunted position takes decades of
success in the field, years of politics in Symposium
Loyalty Reviews and conditioning exercises.

‘The men at the top are supported by an extensive
‘network of intelligence systems. Intelligence analysts sup.
ply them with summarises of current supernatural activi
Gray suits and flashier operatives often get their briefing
jreim analysts or white suits before going off on missions
(Think of the beginning ofa James Bon film oran episode

Statistics, after all, don't lie

{of Mission Impossible and you yet the idea.) The base ofthe
Power pyrtmidiscomposed of black suits, sympathizers and
tther low-level ops. Below that are the Masses of Sleepers

that they oppress.
* Q Division
(Countless years of e
freneral public thar gadgets are am iy

mnage films have convinced the

the NWO, Q Division
Talismans) co assist agents in the field, (See Technocracy
NWO for sample toys and the me:

‘Q Division" is also the nickname for Research an:
Execution of the Void Engineers. R&E doesn't let its
eck velopment labs. The Engi
neers' investigators are Techies in the field

wlops Devices (Tech

* DSEATC

The Dime
and Training (

nal Science Evaluation, Administratios
Only a fraction of its financial influence
applied on the front lines. Most money is spent
that patrol and explore p

we Void Engineers

laces outside the mortal world
The Earth Frontier Division handles undersea exp

censionWar 93

LISS ZZ


Pan-Dimension Corps explore the Near Universe and Deep

Universe. Cybernauts patrol the Web. Chrononauts ex

\

se time itself

Closer to the front the marines of the Border
ps Division and the "ghostbusters" of the Neutral:
£1 Specialization Corps work in amalgams to ensure that
th remains safe from Otherworld incursions. Invest

1s from this division have attitude, and they hate it when

her Technocrats get in their way- Relations with other

nventions are not what one might call harmonious

Politics

reduce the Technocratic Union to a simple

stereotype, especially when it behaves like a massive bu
That petception is fine for a bunch of battle

want to kill the bad guys freely. However,

mages whi
nicle that involves Technoctacy politics offers plenty
f levels of conflict and a host of opportunities for intrigue
Despite their grand "unity," the Conventions disagree
about how to resolve their problems. These disagreements
n the amalgams to the Symposiums, and hamper

* Iteration X values efficiency above all ese, Opera~
tions, members argue, are often best handled by a show or
The Clockwork Convention dispatches
uun-sAwakened grunts — and experimental
tnulitary tech to deal with trouble spots. The group's solu-
ality Deviants" iswidespreadexecution although

this idea is unpopular enough with the other Conventions

Norall of Iteration X's operations are militant; acade=
nictans, statisticians and cybertechnielans argue that the
cient without genocide. These per-
sonnel decide the proper timing, caleufations and
operations across the Union, Sadly, they
still have difficulty figuring in wild cards like free will or

world can become €

robabilities fi

in's hatred for other

luck, This may explain the Convent
gam follow

Most Iteration X agents within

1s, Dissidents must be clever and careful to avoid

scovery. Many Iterators carry either heavy firepower

ack-up weapons or eybertech "modificatior
* The NWO would

ther recruit mages than kill

rativesreinforce the Co a
th" among Sleepe Awakened alike through
threat, abduction and conditioning. Information is p
NWOagents pur walter it tosuit their needs.
ols,

weit hideit

surveillance and intimidation are their

Inf
anal conditioned Sleeperscalled sympathizers carry out their
NWO agents in an amalgam prefer mind games and
misdirection co open conftontation. When combat d
erupt, sympathizers and Men in Black are trained to reac

94 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

with deadly force. Conditioned t.

f MiBs develop repertoires of procedures for discretionary

© The Progenitors want to lear, and they welcome
any opportunity tw field-test their creations. Scientific

wdvancement is their top priority; rigid prot
A deeply par

their survival through clon

group, the Progenitors ensu

from a distance (via drugs or replacement) or rip hin

Jemic community

usually depends as much on political

Like

the political

1 NWO'Ss ac

ific achieveme ademicians,

Progenitors

ing the details How else are they going
support, deadly traps and ck
compatriots. Expect them

mical enhancements

whatever it takes to tur a prof

standpoint, command follows cas!
ld controls the worl.
The real power brokers lay their webs throughout the
modem world, hiding behind a colorful facade

cctiminals. The Syndicate has an office anywhere there's
mass commerce (legal or otherwise). Its operations ean be
atrifleruthless. You can'tmake an omelet without breaking
eggs, they say, and the Syndicate makes some really |
omelets.

This Convention dispatches hit men and financial
tyrantsto the front lines. (Every enemy hasa weakness, and
everyone's gotta ear sometime.) Though enhanced bysubtle
technomagicks, these "Hollow Men" (the point guards for
agent groups) seem weak compared to HIT Marksor biotech
abominations, Most outsiders, including other Conve
tions, underestimate them. It'sa mistake, The Syndicate is
the proverbial iceberg, and its influence has spread further
than any of its rivals imagine. The World Bank, the Pentex
megacorp, the shop down the street — everybody owes the
Syndicate something. Money is the puppet string of the

modem world, and this Convention has a firm

* The Void Engineers work better with other Eng:
neers than they do with other Technocrats. They tolerate
their companions, but only toa point. The "jumpsuits and
clipbs se they maintain serves to cover what may be
the loosest cannon on the Technoeratic deck

1 that they're not dedicated. Void Eny atine
and field techs guard the hidden places. When and if
something big breaks through, the Void amalgams tan,
hhumorand tight camaraderie among the lower ranks. In the


upper divisions, things are more cerebral. The Grand Old
Men lose touch with their hard-working subordinates in.
favor of more "significant" research in deep space. There's
a gap between the grunts and their detached masters, one
which widens when the orderscome from another Conven-
tion. In the vastness of the Deep Universe, many Engineers
lose sight of their ideals — and sometimes their humanity.

Agendas

‘The members of the ruling Symposium in any given
city have an agenda to pursue. To reflect this, take a lookat
your chronicle's setting, establish the local group's goals.
and decide on its progress. It doesn't matter whether the
players' characters are Traditionalists, Technocrats or nei
ther; each Symposium has some motivation for its actions,
and the agenda decides what those motivations are. Plot
that agenda and you create story hooks that will last for
months.

So where do you start? Begin with a few key locations
thatare under Technocratic control. Figure out the obvious
(and not-so-obvious) fronts, bunkers and research facili-
ties, establish the competence of the local Symposium
leaders, and add a few interesting figures for the characters
to bounce off. Bankers, police chiefs, academics, research-
ers —anyone who works toward stability or knowledge isa
candidate. There isa host of low-level grunts in the Union,
but even faceless grunts are, contrary to the stereotype,
organized by human beings

Each person in a Symposium has particular agenda to
advance. Business types refer to such goals as "mission
statements," while academics prefer "theses." As you set
these goals, document "pet projects" for the different per
sonalities in the Symposium. Consider their bids for power.
Writing up a few brief paragraphs or simple sentences goes
alongway when brainstormingan agenda, anditkick-starts
your creativity. Now decide who's doing what to whom,
assigna few importantagents, drop a few clues tothe players
and watch the fun begin. Instant technocracy is at your
command.

‘* Eliminate "Reality Deviant

The Symposium's goal is a straight-up massacre of
everyone who defies the reality it seeks o impose. Every city
has at least one executive ready and waiting to unleash the
troops. This works once or twice on starting characters, but
powerful cabals of Traditionalists manage to evade this
agenda rather easily. Once a low-level cabal has held off an
amalgam assault it's time for the Symposium to resort to
more devious tactics

* Maintain Surveillance

This goal raises the paranoia quotient. The Union
can't watch everywhere soit periodically changes the focus
ofitssurveillance. Once ina while itshiftsto the characters
Before long they notice they're being watched — and start
looking over their shoulders.

Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascension War 9%


96

‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

In a Technocracy chronicle you can have the
Technomancer characters assigned to gather information
‘onanew location. Ifthat location isa mystick Chantry, the
characters become the hunters, waiting for the moment
when they can abduct, convert or eliminate the Deviants.
Conversely, the surveillance can turn on them; command
suspects, rightly or otherwise, that the characters have
become less than loyal. Watch the shadows, kids.
+ Recruit Promising Traditionalists

‘An espionage-based story relies on subtle recruiting
‘methods. Once a project involving local Reality Deviants
has been authorized, the Technocrats could trick Tradition
mages into working for the Technocracy by abducting them,
and forcing them to work through mindscapes, offering
them compromises in return for safety, or could use the
characters by planting a NWO operative in the group. Why
destroy when you can recruit — or corrupt? Clones, turn
coats, sellouts and infiltrarors all further such agendas,
‘Waste not, want not

* Advance Research

The Technocracy's resources may be vast, but they aren't
unlimited. The time and effort required to pursue Reality
Deviants detracts from other operations, such as maintaining
Research Constructs. Thus, Symposium members who argue
for research funding oppose those who want to unleash the
dogs of war. The Union needs results and many Technocrats
.g0 to great lengths to ensure that they're achieved. If Tradi-
tionalists are out to shut down a Research Construct, they
threaten the research projects. Hence che Deviants should be
eliminated, If they leave the facility alone, the Symposiums
resources are better spent elsewhere.

** Patrol for Supernatural Activity

Mystick mages form the primary threat to the
Technocracy's plans, but they've been known to collabo-
rate with other groups as wel. It's always a good idea to
gather information on these potential enemies. The Union
‘may choose to gather data on fae freeholds, Kindeed cote-
ries, Garou septs or just about any other organization.
Setting up this kind of conflict in the background of your
chronicle can spread ripples throughout your game, espe
cially in a crossover chronicle. The mage characters may
spend a lot of time trying to fix supernatural situations that
are complicated by meddling Technomancers. If the Tech
nocrats tamper with vampires, the undead might wonder
who's been spyingon the prince's haven. The bloodsuckers,
are a notoriously old-fashioned lot, and the id
technomagick is lost on most of them. By establishing a
watch on Kindred politics, you create a whole new level of
intrigue, a level on which Tradition mages may become
vampire allies — or scapegoats.

+ Secure New Fronts

The Technocracy gains power in a city by securing
dispatch centers. It takes time and resources to establish
these fronts, which draws resources away from other activi-

of


his or her sphere of influence

racy in your chronicle. Dis Each amalgam in the fieldhasa spokesman who report .
rectly to a Convention Re ce. Ifan amalga 4
Convention Representative requires the

al tread in your real-world city that you goes too far

the lead whenever such threats present themselves. Ina # The Construct Representatives
‘vcontrol concemsof their respective domains. Ifa Construct is
Who Sits Where? ambassador than a representative subservient to the cha
uld present what our security

ite what the suite might profess gathering more people need eo demonstrate the threat this Chantry poses? P

doesnot makemectingsmore effective

hhureaucracyand"rulesof ordce*thatthey become recursively «Point of orders Thats scheduled onder new business as you
436th meeting of the local Symposium. Please review the agenda beforehand, Repres

atherings are

be noted thi
regularly

J in high-security areas. If necessa

meeting begins. Ifnecessary, an analyst
reicular matters.

pickcls. Soman co present to offer expert opinion on

wnstructs. Most Symposia

Jh: one never knows what sorts of traps a X

1. Furthermore, |

chairman (or chairperson) controls the most- fhe my at

lay nel a © The Statistician

rizon Consteuct and Inner Circle reps. Peat vi oo cong gies

Fe cies if the additional staff is requis d
a ee k Dand The Syndicate watches the b

es of the Ascension Wa

pter Three: Behind the S


98

‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

"Considering the cost of reinforcing loyalty and increasing
the sleeptaught training of these additional agents, I can only
authorize $1.7K forthe adjustment of this operation

"So noted. The Symposivan authorizes the addition of two
Gray Man Operatives to the amalgam studying sad Chantry.
(Ove august NWO representative, Number One, has the action
item of seeing tothe further conditioning and sleepteaching of
these field agents before they ar assigned. Number Two, may
swe proceed to new business now?"

Given the

of justification and documentation
required to have the full support of a Symposium, it's no
wonder that the best amalgams tend to go rogue from time

Influence
Behind the Curtain

Need more to work with? No problem. The agents of
the Technocracy are ready todo yourhidding. Whethe
nt characters to track down Reality Deviants or gather
power for global conspiracies, the Union has secured its
influence throughout the world.
* Travel Agencies

Ik doesn't take much to monitor who's going where
wanks to the threat of
J more closely th

passengers a

ver before, and comput
technology makes tracking them easy. Mages may try torun,
from city to city, but they can't hide. Mainstream travel
routes are routinely monitored, right down to hotels. Secu
rity cameras, electronic locks and security staf all give the
illusion of safety to travelers, but such precautions can be
used for more sinister purposes. Travel agencies coordinate
blanket surveillance efforts across the world without realiz:
ing what it is that they do— ot for whom.

Every major city holds several travel agency dispatch
centers. Start with an office, add a receptionist and a few
employees with computersand you have all the basics. The
front makesa regularincomeservingSleepertourists. Inthe
back room, surveillance — focused particularly on air.
planes, trains and buses — watches for mages on the move

Next comes the local welcoming committee. A rep
from Iteration X or the NWO coordinates an amalgam of
security agents. Under a second front (often a security
firm), the rep puts one or two agents in each of the major
hotels. The agents can alert the local Symposium to the
presence of a new cabal through patches to video cameras,
‘credit card traces and similar methods. Once they're spot
ted, the De n fora late-night visit

* The Communications Industry

‘Who'swatching whom?The Technocratic Union domi
natesthe field ofcommunicationsand faces litle opposition
Aside from the occasional egotistical vampire or meddling
Virtual Adept, the NWO has a firm hold on these resources


7

Every major city has a dispatch center piped into the local
mass media. While"conteol" istoostronga term for whatthe
Technocracy does, there's no denying the influence it has.
Total command of the media isan illusion, of course (unless
you want to make things darker then they already are), but
there are enough stations hooked into the Technocratic
web tomake the characters—and players —feel vulnerable
ashell. ABC, NBC, ITT, GE, AT&T — it doesn't make any
difference. The characters will run into the NWO ASAP.

Technocrats prefer management rolesover grunt work.
Ie takes only one Technomancer with the Mind Sphere to
access a number of sympathizers through headsets, tele-
phones, pagers, walkie-talkies and cell phones. Any local
television station or phone company office can be com-
pletely subverted by a few skilled agents.

Iteration X employs a legion of electricians and tech-
nickans in the phone companies to serve the Time-Motion
Management Methodology. One Armature can easly su
pervise 20 or 30 Ciphers. 1 primary goal,
and these folks are good at it. There's an intriguing urban
legend about telephones: Even if a phone is on its hook,
someone can still listen at the other end. Operators are
standing by

NWO Gatekeepers oversee local television stations
and newspapers, carefully controlling the information that's
disseminated. Brainwashing the Masses is their first goal
These agents, under the pretense of business, skew news
reports before they hit the public. This censorship isn't as,
obvious as one might think; burying a fact at the end of a
long story on page A25 is more effective chan threatening
the reporter, and much easier.

Keeping tabs on information is Gatekeepers' second
goal. Low-level operatives scan incoming news for "odd"
reports. Periodic TV checks turn the idiot box into a
monitor station (did you realy believe v-chips were created
for parents' sake?). Finally, Watcher agents set up shop in
‘TV stations and newsrooms. When a story breaks, they are
the fest to hear it

* Silicon Valley (heavily contested)

Just about anyone can stare up a company these days.
Take Silicon Valley, for instance. New offices are being
built there all the time. Of course many of them require
tight security to discourage theft and corporate espionage.
That's because the owners don't want people to sce what's
hidden behind the concrete and mirrored glass. Many
different factions, from Glass Walkers to Virtual Adeptsto
Void Engineer Cybernauts to NWO sympathizers, live side
by side in the valley. And with so many talented individuals
planning "career paths," someone with a knack for pro-
‘gramming can wind up just about anywhere.

Corrupting an office in Silicon Valley isa straightfor-
ward operation. All of the computers link to a single
network, which presents the opportunity for a Techno-

A\

SANG


j

IIS

XG", @j || Se ee

cratic Apparatus from hell, Anyone who reads e-mail can
-¢ conditioned through slow mind manipulation. The

ystemal essence b

erates a low-level supply of Qui
Jraining most of the employees of theie life essence. Hard
working

at their computer terminals for

hours feel the effects of this procedure the most, but remain

The Conventions exploit the front from

. With their Time Sphere talents, Syndicate represen.

profits, Void Engineers use ¢ asa staging ground for
ilts on the Digital Web. The NWO uses start-up
companies as recruitment centers. More than one Virtual
Adept or Glass Walker werewolf has fallen into the Order's
web while searching through «
ment. One building holds many conspiracies. In the words
of Microsoft oxlay?"

fr

classifieds for employ

Where do you want to

World Intelligence Agencies
Every industrialized nation has an. intelligence com-
within its borders. The
structures of the largest intelligence agencies are
roted fonhouses: phantom deflections misdi
rect the people inside. Each cell questions the loyalty of the
thers, Each department suspects the loyalty of other de-
partments. This is intentional. Technocrats develop their
‘own cells within the intelligenceagencies ofthe world, and
they all answer to one workL-encompassing conspiracy
* The World Advisory Council
Agents of the Technocratic Union have infiltrated
agencies throughout the world. Most of them report to one
crial organization: the Woeld Advisory Council
onal of the mortal
m the United Nations
t the ability to

This secret society gathers information

ymmunities, as well a
World Bank. As one w
reshape reality gives these agent

intel

sec keep them out. In the

halls, a
the various world powers. The more s

ible the council's staff. (See Technocracy:

ignificant the nation,

the more capa
NWO, pas
impart about this

hadowy group.)
* Intelligence in the United Sta

Every branch of the United States government has

erate another, Even if the

rious conspiracies of su I creatures didn't exist,

the government would still be corrupt. Some thi

fhange

nfiltrare. The largest obstacle wasn't subvertingagents, bu
actually str for control with a secret, international
ganization of vampires. Go figure. The controlled FBI

(00 The Book of Mirrors: The May

Storytellers Guide

handles domestic afairs, Falsifying wider

nn the United Stat

to stirup federal agents is child's pl
The CIA was somewhat more difficult «

hnocracy faces. lot of position, especial
from a mortal organization known as Operation Twilight:
(For more information, see the hook of the same name.) S

loyal agents,
Technomancers¢
building without being

The NSA prese

influence

tion within #

hallenge «
This

state-of-the-art codebreaking, especially with the coopera
tion of afew freelancing Virtual Adepts, The NWO and the
‘Adepes wrangle round and round within this small but

baffling agency; the
represents the g
United Si

uty is still our as to whether the NSA

eatest hope for or the greatest threat to the

Crossover Potential
As the above examples

cross spells with any number

nines (research projects" or "filthy he
pies ("useful if deadly, aberrations") to ghosts ("there are
hho such things — Il prove it") to facries (i
id, kid"). Pentex and the Syndicate hav
romance imayinable: They trade in each others' weakness
while feediny each others nc
know muchabout Pentex oranythingabouethe Syndicate's

Where Does If All End

paranoia insists, the Technocracy

does not and cannot control everything, It can't contn

anda,

can till pretend that itcan. Paranoia isthe Un

weapon. Ifthe Technocraey infiltrate

continually kee

aras Trait

re wn the World


ID.

WSS ZZ

Truth be told, you are the final arbiter on how exten-
Technocracy's influence is in a

their identity. Within the shift the Union they
serve, they fight to keep their sense of direction and to nocratic agend: ‘ereate an endless
uphold their ideals...just like any other mage hooks. The world is yours.

supply of plot

Chapter Three: Behind the Scenes of the Ascension War 101


a

Chapter Four:

Supporting Cast

The mind of the people is like mud, from which arises

strange and beautiful things.
—WJ. Turner

TD sew ee tof eae darned fos
Jennifer ha a second to react before the bastard
\3 swung his pipe. She chose reflexes over magick,

‘and Psycho-boy missed by light years. Her back
pack wung out, knocking the pie from his hand.
Her follow-up strike, a powerful kick, collided
‘with a soft gut. He should've fllen but laughed
instead. High, creepy gignles, like a coffin-hinge
impersonating human sounds

Red eyes glowed from a suddenly bestil face. Like some
hologram morph, the nutcase transformed from geek to bat, shed
dinghis Salvation Army clothes in a heap. Jennifer felt no ripple, no
Paradox energies asthe ltl freak ritered again and flew straight at
her throat. Whatever she face, it wasn't a mage.

Cast Party

Every Storyteller could use alittle help when certain
situations arise. Sure it's easy o fake the personality of the
‘weary detective or the whiny technician, but sometimes we
need more togoon. What happensif the detective stumbles
‘onto an important clue — a clue that puts the players!
characters at risk? What's the chance that the technic

might shoot a mage before that reality-warping spell goes
off? We don't need rule systems and advice to help us
through such circumstances, bur sometimes they help.

This chapter offers a selection of systems and Story-
teller suggestions for human and animal characters and
spirit beings. Use them as you see fit, but remember a simple
truth: Everyone wants something. Though it's painfully easy
to see Storyteller characters as "monsters" or "encounters,"
the world doesn't revolve around combat. The best stories
flow from the answers to three simple questions:

# Who is this character?

wl want and why?

‘© What will it do to get what it wants?

t doe

Ask yourselfuty whenaStoryteller character appearsand
you'll have a road map for that character' actions. It does
matter ifthe being isa beast, a Sleeper, aspitt, another mag
‘or something else altogether. Stories evolve from conflicting

needs, when twoor more parties want diferent thingsor when,
they use different means to reach their desires. This chapter
gives you the "whos" fora variety of tales. The answers to the
other questions will come from you. (See "What's My Motiva-
tion?" late in this cha

Chapter Four: Supporting Cast 103

WN A

lL ZZ


IZ

NO Ail

Animals

Nothing to be dome really about animals
Anything you do looks foolish. The answer isn't
ins. I's almost asi we're put here on Earth to
show how silly they aren'.

— Russel Hoban
The world doesn't revolve around hu
man beings ormonsters. Beastsoffield, stream
‘or sky can be introduced into your chronicle
inany number of ways. Some characters have
animal companions while others summon, create or
shapeshift into beasts. Witches and shamans are renowned
for their affinity with beasts, but even hard-core Techno-
crats have their "uses" for our animal cousins. Imagine @

cybernetically enhanced guard dog, a mutant squid or a

hyperintelligent rat. See the possibilities? Obviously a few

pointers and systems for the animal kingdom would be
useful

Animals in Your Game

‘When you think about it, animals are natural plot
\d characters. Ourfurryfriendsall coooften become
listsof stats rather than charactersin theirown right. That's
a disservice, both to your story and to animals themselves.
Naturally you don't have to play out the motivations of
ceach blue jay that wings past the characters' heads; even so,
a creative Storyteller can take her chronicle in some inter-
esting directions just by introducing an animal or two and
playing them for all they'te worth,

‘The frst step in creating significant animal character
is to compare it to the ones in your own life. Think about
the role your pets (if you have any) play in your own life
story. Now think about che animals that cross your path
‘occasionally, and about the impact they have on you.
Finally, consider your own feelings about certain beasts.
‘Now translate these feelings into the world of the game. It
isn't hard to get below the surface when you use your own
experiences as a springboard for storytelling.

Then there are the animals themselves. How do they
feel? What do they want? Anyone who declares that animals
are simply bundles of issue and instinct has never spent
much time around them. They're living beings, notobjects,
and have personalities and motivations all their own.
Unlike "monsters," they won't fight to the death — they'll
runaway, instead. Few animals rake abuse in stride, though,
and they're more fun when they don't; a horse with an
attitude problem is much more interesting thanacollection
‘of statistics that takes a mage from Point A to Point B. You
can play up those personality traits to add an extra dimen
sion to your games —adimension that'sentirely appropriate
for a game about magick.

hooksa

104 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Really fantastic stories can lead you to the next logical
step: animals with the habits, desires and even speech of
‘humans. Look at Merlin's owl Archimedes in White's The
Sword in the Stone or at the Companions in Mercedes
Lackey's Valdemar series; such animals are staples of mage
lore. While really exceptional familiar spirits command
‘magickal abilities like those described in Ascension's Right
Hand, many low-key familiars ace simply animals with
unusual talents or intelligence. These creatures are at-
tracted to mysticks on general principle

Animals are also primal links to our inner natures,
tunclouded by metaphysics or pretenses. Animalssimply are
what they appear to be; even a clever beast acts according
to its nature. By working an animal into a story, changing
aplayer's character into beast or introducing some natural
familiar that joins a mage, you make a commentary on the
character. If a Dreamspeaker can become a falcon, has a
hawkasa familiar andcallsherself Angela Skytalon, you get
a pretty good idea of the kind of lady she is. In short, the
animals we love, fear or become reflect the people we are.

So how can you work animals into your storyline?
ple.

Asa Familiar

Everyone knows abour the witch's at, the wizard'sowl
or the shaman's totem beast — the animal who shares the
mystick's life as an equal. A familiar accompanies her so-
called master or mistress, skitters about the kitchen or
watches the house while master is away. While The Book
of Shadows presents a separate Background Trait for pow-
erful familiar spits, many sorcerers simply have unusually
inelligent animal companions rather than mystickal help-

Animal familiars play lots of roles. Imagine a raven
who guards a Verbena's garden. What's he like? What does,
he know? Consider the ancient cougar who has walked
beside three generations of Dreamspeaker shamans. Why
does he do it? What legends might follow in his wake? And
‘what about the fussy owl perched on the archmage's shou!-
det or the parrot who says a great deal more than "Polly
wants a cracker!" Once you think about the possibilities,
‘you realize how many stories could originate from a single,
well-played familiar.

In game terms 2 "natural" familiar has normal animal
Traits, with Mental and possibly Social scores between 2
and 5. She has her own set of priorities, tastes and agendas,
and her own reasons for hanging around the mage. She may
‘or may not speak, depending on how fantastic you want
things to be, but her intelligence and communication
abilities are obvious. This familiar has a smattering of
Abilities outside the normal animal range, but doesn'thave


any unusual powers or Advantages. She might understand
a thing or two about magick (perhaps a dot or three in
Occult of Lote), but can't use it ot teach it. No special
summoning ritual or Effect cals cis familiar — she comes,
and goes of her own accord. The bond described under the
Familiar Background does not apply to a "lesser familar,"
and she cannot absorb Paradox. A really strong or talented
‘animal familia (like wise panther ora talking beat) might
cost the mystick a few Background points in Allies, and
often comes with enough power to back up her personality.

Asa Shapeshifter's Alternate
Shape

Shapeshifting is a common Art, especially among
witches and shamans. While a mystick transformed into an
animal keeps her own personality and sentience, her physi-
cal abilities typically become those ofthe beast. In time her
mind may even follow (see Mage, page 203, forthe differ
ences between Lesser Shapechanging and Perfect
Metamorphosis)

Plenty of stories can be told about a transformed mage
Maybe she's "stuck" as a deer during hun:
cexhilarated with her new form that she doesn't want to
change back, Pethaps she's been transformed by someone
else (like the proverbial frog prince) and lacks the skill to
change back. What if she's done something in beast guise
that haunts her later, like killing a small child while

ing season or isso

running with a wolf pack? Perhaps she has taken a lover of
a different species. Complications abound, and complica-
tions are stores.

In game terms a character needs either Life 4 of 5 to
transform into an animal. Someone else with Life 5 ean do
it for him, but undoing the spell might demand a similar
Effect ifthe original caster makes the change permanent
Shapeshiftingis vulgar magick in the modern world —even
the most mystical cultures consider it unnatural, ifpossible.
Some tribal peoples (or Changing Breed Kinfolk) have an
affinity for shapechangers; among them, shifting to animal
form might be considered coincidental if they had reason to
believe the mage was one of their own. Once attained, a
beast form lasts lke any other Effect (see "Range, Damage
and Duration" in Mage, pages 165-166). A' mage who
assumes a particular form regularly may have a specialisa
tion in that form for ewo experience points. This allows the
character to move, communicate or even think as if he
actually had been born a beast. Otherwise he has to learn
how romove and behave like that animal when he ch
(which can be lots of fun in itself).

People who change into animals often have somet

in common with the beasts they become — form follows
nature, as the saying goes. A slow, strong shaman might
become a bear, while a coward might become a mouse. This
holds true whether the transformation is the mage's idea or
not — if Heasha Morninglade changes you into a toad,

Chapter Four: Supporting Cast 105


106

‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

chances are there's some toad in you

witha head for modifier

a transformation's dificulty by +/ cms appropriate
(like changing sneak into a weasel) or inappropriate (like
changing him into an lion)

Animal transformations can be fun, especially
you get a player involved. Ask him what his character's
totem is (assuming he has one), or have him describe the
sort of animal thac his character would be. Play up the
differences of the character's new form — the scents he
missed when he was human, che unbalanced fecling of
walking on four legs or careening through the air on
uncertain wings. Describe the world from his new perspec-
tive —a hawk has a radically different point of view
a cockroach or human does. Have fun with it; chance
a mage who learns to shapeshift will become so intoxicated
with his new form that he'll assume it whenever possible,
regardless of the risks.

‘Oh, yeah, the risks. Beyond the obvious Paradox prob-
lems (and the higher difficulty that comes with vulgar
magick), the form itself offersa host of unusual problems. A
mage transformed intoa weak beast can be trapped or killed
easily — his Physical Attributes become those of the
animal, for better or worse (see "Game Traits," below).
Hunters or police might mistake the mage fora real animal
and track hirn down. Things that would kill the beast (lack
of water fora fish, aflame for a moth) endanger the mage
The greatest risk of a new form, though, is more insidious:
The mystick might like it t90 much.

Beast forms "run away with" a mystick's human mind
1 Lesser Shapeshift spell demands that the player spend a
point of Willpoweradayfor the character to remember that
he's not an animal. Ifthac Willpower runs out, someone has
togetinto the animal's mind todraw forth the mage within.
Until then he's an animal in every way (no, he can't use
magick). Reaching a "trapped" shapeshifter can be consid
ered a mindscape journey (Mage, page 179) wherein the
terrain isthe animal's habitat. A wizard trying to extract her
friend from a panther's mind might find herself wandering
through a dense Indian jungle. To rescue her comrade she
has to track him down, immobilize him without harming

him and commune with him through telepathy until he
regains his senses. In game terms this quest could
involve along tracking contest, fight and a resisted
illpower roll (difficulty 6 to 9 depending on the

length of time that the subject has been a panther),
Animals are what they are. Even the smartest ones
aten't restricted by social niceties. A wolf isa predator: a
‘mage who shies away from blood shouldn't become a wolf
unless she's prepared to deal with lupine A ast
‘ous mystick may be horrified by the, shall we say, earthy
existence of a beast. Animals don't use napkins or coilet
paper, and they're not bashful about their needs. Since


7

shapeshifters tend to follow their inner natures, a mystick
might find some lost part of herself through a transforma-
she's like a wolf. Tis can be liberating and enlightening
some Verbena feel thar everyone should become an animal
for a day just to stip off the civilized bullshit — but it's
dangerous, too. Many shapeshifters are cary folks because
they're in touch with their primal sides. They tend to be
impatient, willful and direct, which unnerves their "re-
fined" companions. This primal shiftcan putamage at odds
‘with her civilized ethics. Say the wolf-woman gets hungry,
goes huntingand killsa man by ripping his throat out. Sure
it sounds easy enough, but how well would you deal wich
waking up ina clearing, naked and covered in sticky blood,
knowing you had killed an innocent hiker? Shapeshifting,
especially into "cool" predator forms, isn't as carefree a i
sounds. As the Storyteller you can draw from all points of
the shapeshifting experience for atmosphere, complica
tions and ideas

Asa Companion

Like the familiar the animal companion has a close
relationship with her master or mistress. Unlike the famil
iarshedoesntcome with any special powersorintelligence.
Such companions range from cats to guard dogs, from
hunting falcons to tame wolves. They won't attack their
masters without good reason, but anyone els is fair game.

e@ ‘Animal companions are pretty cool, but they come at
price —upkeep. A pet aguarhas to befed. A trained hawk
must have somewhere ro fly. A watchdog should be walked
afew times a day unless you want a real mess on your hands.
Upkeep's nota problem if the character is wealthy or lives,
in the wild, but a tame panther in a loft apartment is a
problem!

‘And then there are the laws. Ie'snot dificult fora mage
to sidestep minor legalities, but if she has a dolphin in her
swimming pool, people will sk questions. You can dispense
with the teal-life hasslesof pet ownership (upkeep, registra-
tion, vet bills, chewed rugs) if you choose, but keep in mind
hhow much fun they can provide. If every conflict in your
chronicle isa life-or-death matter, a story in which the
Dreamspeaker's white tiger trashes the Chantry furnitures,
a refreshing diversion. (*Bad kitey! Bad kieey!")

Animal companions tend to reflect a character's inner
nature or totem spirit. A gruff HIT Mark would have anill-
tempered Rottweiler in contrast to an Ecstatic's mellow
sheep dog. Playing a companion against type — like gifting
a harried Ether Scientist with a chirping songbird — might
provide a good ewist, but even the most unlikely combina
tions should hint at some deeper affinity. Birds ofa feather
flock... well, you know. Suit the companion to the charac-
ter and let both grow.

Asan Adversary

‘One ofthe most popular Sherlock Holmesstoriesis The
Hound of the Baskeruiles. Even though the hound itself
remains "offscreen" for much of che tae, it casts its baleful

ze across the entire narrative. Imagine a beast worthy of
its name — a Jaws, a Black Cat, a Shere Khan or a King
Kong. An animal doesn't have to be a combat monster to
castitsshadow across story like the ape in "Murders in the
Rue Morgue," an animal adversary can be terrifying in its
absence.

‘When you trip away our weapons, skills and clothing,
hhuman beings are pretty weak beasts. Animal antagonists
remind usof how fragile weare. Even though the Awakened
have formidable forces at their command, an animal — or
a pack of them — can make most mysticks nervous, and
with good reason,

"Antagonist" doesn't necessarily mean "enemy." The
cabal might be fond of its hound, but that doesn't mean a
thing if the beast bites a visiting archmage on the leg! An
antagonist complicates a story by opposing the main char-
acters' plans. The resulting conflict can be as brutal,
humorous or touching as you want it to be.

Antagonists are most effective when they're in their
natural elements and the mages are not. When you send an
animal (oragroupof them) againstthe characters describethe
scene'satmosphereforallit's worth, Fivecarsstandinginbbroad
daylightaren't scarysadarkalley filled with bright eyesand the
sounds of shrieks, on the other hand.... If you can, rob the
characters oftheir advantages before confronting them with
creatures. Animals use their environment to their advantage.
‘Youcan follow their example if — or when —the beasts come
out to play.

Asa Symbol

Mages see the world in symbols, omens, portents and
foreshadowing. Every culture has developed animal sym.
bols, from Egyptian gods to Hallmark cards, and youcan use
those symbols to suggest meanings in your stories. Look at
the "Techniques, Themes and Mood," and "Atmosphere"
sections of Mage's Storytelling Chapter (pages 148-152). It
doesn't take Carl Jung to see how an animal — especially
cone with "loaded" significance, like a cat or a pig — could
be used to make a point. A raven with a butterfly in its beak
{isa bad omen; a groundhog showing its head at midday isa
sign of good times. If you want to get really esoteric, an
animal might be a metaphor for an entire story. Maybe the
animal itself isn't presen, but its legacy — in the form of a
name, riddle or Talisman — comes through all the same

‘An animal can symbolize more than the sum of its
Traits. A good book on art or symbolism is a valuable ai.
Just be careful not to overdo symbolic imagery — you don't
want to beat your players over the head with allegories.

Chapter Four: Supporting Cast 107

(
7,
iw ZN


sjewrue
Teuu0u Jo 2504p 02 soundns sy axe sOMIGE AHYL "6g
0g s28ed ‘purpy aysry s,uoysuansy ) posi] saiezueApy
rads axp oney uno (sonauiogAo jeya!emouypa aatsu9y
"x9 {pia poypour sounaraso Suypnjouy) syeustue yeyansdur
(jmp -Sununp or Aqredwy woy ‘sonmqy Jo Aaues
 aaey ue spewtue pouren pue ‘nojaq po
SHEL [eDISKYY 10 jeruayy 1DYsIY 9ACy AeUE ‘WD Je>EIEM
40 spuinoy sndws9qAo 941] ‘siseaq pasueyua dqperadg "$ Jo
‘9109s eating pue air) yewig pue 7 30 suoradaaioqy* Jo
sures jeauoyy avy sjeutue pj jje wy awnsse 4219}
og Aaessa09u uoya souypppiniise wou as¢) eMO) SUH
Ur sjeumue jo AroueA v aDIdap se HuIOOH}O) DULL
4304 are soynu aeym sey | dn 9409 02 punog are asayp
2p] suonsonb ‘oarmexeu puesturdesdajor ysnonp suorENNS
aso punore su0m we NO weyE souNsse sp|]aihiog
‘242 3]1Y, :4ysinbs S008 ay a10y2q ae 94 WED afleurE Y>nUus
sso} {de9] ay ue> ay MOF] [24 81 FuoNS Mopy "Foy & OW!

pouum sy somezey anos jo z9peoy ap exp urfewy
spety owen

b sl 9 SBOP PILAN

9 9 + sue sng

¢ 6 4 (uj au) sms

‘ L € 20

s 6 5 seg ‘sprig,

+ s + sing Susy

€ t t sing 98307

z $ € sing jews,
aaneney sp] eH feu reuwy

(sping 20 seuasy jo Bunsisu0> aso) 9420
tunzino 01 adoy a,ue> ang ‘(sing 20 sae Jo BusIsO9 aso")
ssuszems10 998d awos uNZINO UES UEWNY Y "}J9mse pOyDENE
aq WED unLIAZO s} OY JADEEYD & sdjay OYA DUOKUY
‘uimaa4 Ur a1 pene UeD puw a Aq pord9ye 99 ays SIDI".

-feY o20u 10 O98) "Ded atp Jo 9z18 atp Wo SuIpuddeq]
sprtous se3yn0

(01 Sassouni st 1UN09 20u op syewUE feLULOU eK DON
"yeos
3,uop syed pur suneag "(suorso}dxa ‘pura jo sisn8 ‘si095
oY} 'sHE2909 AorojopY) SPeNe vaIP-d8IN] op se *(9]OYH
‘se unTems ayp Jo ]2A9"] YaTPapy AUO soxeURLfD po|fo4 S590
ons aSeuep Y>ea) affewep jeuL0U op (saves uIEY> ‘spreoq
‘saaeas spioms) suodeam aayoui 9230] pue sun auryseuqns
‘sunioyg -(aanyeau> auo suiy Syu0 ays ayp st exp) poyjo
‘ame sasso0ons aflewep 20 ypene AUeUE Moy J9IEW OU "DLS
sod [9427 (peop apsurs e aoqur (spuey aueg ‘savep> 'sa0q
‘sapjonuy, ssexq ‘saqruny) suodeow aajaun qfews pue Syl

‘sporsig"Ajo1ojdwoo saypene aya Sonsop |485}2497 [EH
‘oma [eUORIPpE UY "WIENS 10 yaed ¥ asiadstp O2 s9xeD It
_aifewep jo 1unowre ayp 2294 pars] s|2497] YaIeIH MLL

aping spjputiong ayy ayy tou JO0OG LSE

(2:10 40 1) sonjnoyyp jeuuou weyp soysiy dary SuIAoW
anunuon pur dn yoeq 298 0» si20yy °¢ 02 s]]e) ANUP.
aBewep s,uuseMs ayp pue wim sad om 40 puede aA0ur
{quo ued 9} "unwaA0 pu uNOP pay20Uy st J9IIeeyD ay
sqJor a1erdoidde ue sox>iog 194ejd ays 3140 "(vos 19541
342 12478) win au0 Ur afew Jo YOM .fA9"] MpIeap| 24)
‘ueyp azour ar0>s Aap jf UdU9AOW [ENN sy FEY Or UOP
LUN Mojs suOYPENE sIy IstAAYAO "wm ayp Jo sopurEwaL
2p 40) Ayjeusiou aaou ueD ay sofpop 49228204 v J]

set atp uo dai aaneniut ayp wo De pue
sod 20u0 yoene sx>eg ‘pawaesse 200")
‘iy | 3ynsax axp e0S 40 aBpop or Azz 01 SsAAh
ue wan sod 22409 Arynoyyip asurese porsy] stewed] atp [OW
‘mo]aq Suey axp uo Suny] © uaAid st adfa ase9q yey

-3Kp
‘woyy synsas ayp ayeueRy soxdezey> e suNDY Jas UTES
‘yp J1 995 01 j]or SIs ‘saop wens 40 yped v Jo soquioW
‘uaa puw yes yeym aurwiarap 02 SuLAn Jo pEadsul

moyoy eu soy
yp asn ‘sioaserey> atp sas0oze sies jo apuoy B 40 SIowI0y
Jo uureas & jp "3ousnf wos op 2,u0p s|jor pue onsners
Weip SsuSUNU 40 [Jews Os axe sfeuTUE swos ‘ssMeDI>
jo afues © yeaap so}>q pasty SELL ay yBnowHy

SULIOMS pue syoded

syeustu yo 1895
20 axof sy YBnonys jayar daeys o1ur wMoYp 2q we — aie>
rea aqp ur Sxpe19 ot xdopy ane3q 342.02 sBop jo 1¥aj YIN
snawiapj Wa}oue 9x Wes} — sAIDEIEYD AUY -ss9]puD 230
sonmpgissod ayy, 7212,usy‘aBeun mau apou,y "$89] sty ssODe
paypians a qui Buidaays ‘ssea sit Sunypieiss "poydoys
uewag panojsg sty on pons eursson ‘owoy se wy auHiEU
mon -Puey parops *pjoo e yas 2o}88n{ ges I0UYDS | sasuDd.
sip om 3pe}g UI UoyR 94p SUIseWT "sapUDPY ,siaxDEIEy>
Jo sioadse mau areurunyy ue> sjeutue anoge S201g

‘sors Jena pue mau ovUT WaKp meSp syPAUIUE Ing
‘ssonsip Ul suewiny Woy Aewe wim ysl sioroeAEYD sUHeS
asaqy Aaazes 02 ofeyng aay e BuIpes] soyeadswIeadg e
20 ‘an v Surpuayap euagia Av aurBeUnt 02 yBnoud Ase> 5,
‘suosiad © 02 ueyp ays s,jeuue Ue o2 sHayredunss a.0UL
are (souo paruouo-aimeu Ayjersodso) soBew Auew ey)
oon saquiawny "sueadde 91 39u0 yeurrue Ue a10us! ajdood
maj ng "ysn8 ssatpo pue a]qUON Syo} 2WOg "sjeuUE
oy Ajpanounsuy 9803 9]doad asow rey saquiowry
-40ys 09 S9p!99p
pue suoy yprstur e smoyjoy Ajduns ay sdeysag uatpour
stew v on sBuojaq mt sdeypog "sta yung So} ng 4,USH AT
qu 10 — prqea sa ages tpunoy aq 02 spaau pure Surpry,
sat oqtepy "Jewiue 9j8uls v yo sau" yp punose SurwuKds
sors a]oups 29s ue> nog "s}ooy 2ojd 2eas8 axeu sTeuNUE
‘eaoge sojdwexa ayp yo Auew wy Jp Ue> nok sy

OOH fold &sv


Alligator/Crocodile

th 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4

25;
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1, -1, 3, 5, Incapacitated

5 Attack: Bite for six dice; tal for four dice; swims faster than
most nonaquaties

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Intimidation 4, Stealth 3

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 5/26/10

Antelope/Deer/Impala/Stag
Attributes: Strength 2/3/2/3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3/2/2/3
Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, 4, 4, Incapacitated
Attack: Gore for three to five dice (none for deer); antelope
and impala run faster than deer

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Stealth 2
‘Moves Walk/Run/Other: 7/30 (40)

Ape/Gorilla

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1,-1e-l,
Abildes: Alerness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3,
Seealth2
Move: Walk/Run/Other: 7/20/10.

>, Incapacitated

Bear

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 5

Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,-1,-1,-3,-5, Incapacitated
‘Attack: Claw for seven dice; bite for five dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Braw/ 3, Intimidation 2, Stealth 1
Move: Walk/Run/Other: 5/20

Bison/Cape Buffalo

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 1, Stamina 6
Willpower: 2
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -Iy "Ly
-3,-5, Incapacitared

Attack: Gore for seven dice; trample or eightdice
{no attack roll needed to trample — roll Dexterity +
Dodge, difficulty 6, to avoid. Stampedes raise dodge diffi-
culties by +2 oF more)

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 4

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 10/22

Boar (wild)

erength 4, Dexcerity

Stamina 4

OK, OK, «Ly -1, -2, 4, Incapacitated
Attack: Bite for four dice; gore for five dice

Chapter Four: Supporting Cast 109

(as

LS Zi


Cat (domestic)

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK,

Attack: Claw or bite for one die (can rake for two dice when
comered)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Climbing 3,
Dodge 3, Intimidation 2, Stealth 4

Move: Walk/Run/Orher: 5/20
Cheetah

Attributes: Stee
Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, -1, -3,-5, Incapacitated
Attack: Claw for four dice: bite for five dice; runs faster than
anything on Earth (except a Swara werecheetah)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Climbing 3, Dodge 2, Ineim
dation 2, Stealth 2

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 10/50

incapacitated

th 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Willpower: 6
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, 1, -5, Incapacitated e
Attack: Bite for three dice; venom for six dice (nosoak against

venom if the bite inflicts damage). Can spit venom 20 feet

with Dexterity + Brawl roll, difficulty 8)

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brasl 2, Climbing 2, Intimidation 4,

Stealth 3

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 2/10

Cougar/Leopard/Panther
Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,-, 3,5 Incapaciated

Stamina 4

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Climbing 4,
Intimidation 3, Stealth 3
Move: Walk/Run/Other: 10/30
Cow/Bull
rength 3/5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3/5

Health Levels: OK, OK,
Attack: Bite for three di
Abilities: Alertness 2 (bull: Brawl 2, Intimidation 3)
Move: Walk/Run/Other: 10/25

-1, 1,3, 3, Incapacitated
(bulls gore for four o six dice)

Crow/Hawk/Owl/Raven e

Attributes:

Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina


Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK,
law for two

1,-2, 5, Dead
ice: peck for one die (desperation)
Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Intimi-
2 (trained birds: Brawl 3, Empathy 4, Intimidation 4)
Move: Walk/Run/Other: 1/2/20

Dog (large or guard)

ength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

2, 2,5, Ineapacitated

Bite for five dice; claw for four dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 2, Stealch 2

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 7/25

Dolphin

rength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1-1,-3, 5
ite for three dice; ram for five dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3

Mover Walk/Run/Other: 0/0/30

Elephant
Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK, -1
‘Atacks Tran fo egh ce biefrthce dc, gor for 13 dice
(iu 8; ample fr 18 dc (no aac rol needed — rol
Denerty + Bodily 6c avoid)

Seeh

Move: Walk/Rur/Other; 15/30

Frog

Attributes: Strength I, Dexterity 2, Stamina 1

Incapacitated

Health Levels: OK, -1, Squished

"Attack: None (some have poison that can paralyze a person
‘who fails a Stamina roll, difficulty 7, The victim must either
‘eat the frog or suffer a wound created with the frog's poison to
be affected)

Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Dodge 3, Stealth 3
Move: Walk/Run/Other: 1/1/2

Hyena/Jackal

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK,

3, -5, Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for six dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, latimidation 3,
Stealth 3

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 7/28

Hippopotamus
Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 1
Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK,

Attack: Bite for 10 dice; trample for nine dice (no attack roll

needed — Dexcerity + Dodge rol, difficulry 5, t0 avoid)
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Intimidation 3, Stealth L
Move: Walk/Run/Other: 5/20

Horse/Zebra

Attributes: Strength 5/4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Willpower:

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, -1, 3, 3, 4, 5, Incapact
tated

Attack: Trample orkick for five to six dice; bite for three dice
Abilities: Alertness 2, Athletics 3, Brawl |
Move: Walk/Rur/Other: 10/35

Lion

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Willpower:
Health Levels: OK, OK, -1, 2,5, Incapacitated
Attacks Claw for five dice; bite for sx dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimi-
dation 5, Stealth 3

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 10/30
Bobcat/Lynx/Wildcat

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, -1,-1, 5, Incapacitated

Attack: Claw for chtee dice; bite for four dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Climbing 4,
Dodge 3, Stealth 2

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 5/26

Monkey

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2,-2, 5, Incapacitated
Claw for four dice; bite for five dice

Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Climbing 5,
Dodge 3, Stealth I
Move: Walk/Run/Other: 5/10/10

Chapter Four: Supporting Cast. 111

ZN

WLS Z


Y,

IZ

Octopus/Squid

(normal: five to 10 feet long)
Attributes: Strength 4, Dext
Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, -1,-1, 3,5, Incapacitated
‘Attack: Squeeze for four dice; bite for five dice (dificult 8);
sass grab (difficulty 7: each success after the frstadds one dic
to squeeze damage Dice Pools asthe creature wraps one more
tentacle around its prey)

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, C:
Intimidation 3, Stealth 3

Move: Walk/RurvOther: 0/0/20

Octopus/Squid
(huge: 30 to 80 feet long)

ength 8-10, Dexterity 3, Seamina 10

iy 3, Stamina 6

wflage 3, Dodge 4,

Attributes:
Willpower: 10

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, OK, OK,
5, Incapacitated

Attack: Squeeze for eight to 10 dice; bite for nine to 11 dice
(lfficulty 7); mass grab (difficulty 6; each success aft
adds one dic to squeeze damage Dice Pools as the creature
‘wraps one more tentacle around its prey)

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Camouflage 2, Dodge 2
Intimidation 10, Stealth 2

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 0/0/25

Python

Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3,
Willpower: 4

33,5,

thefirst

Health Levels: OK, -1,-1,-2.-2, 5, Incapacitated
‘Attack: Constrict for four dice per tuen; bie for two dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Climbing 2, Dodge 3, lntimi
dation 2, Stealth 3

Move: Walk/Run/Other: 5/10

Rat

Attributes: Strength 1, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2-3
Willpower: 4

Health Levels: OK, -1, -
Attack: Bite for one die
Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Stealth 3
Moves Walk/Run/Other: 5/10

Rhino

Attributes: Strength 10, Dexterity 2, Stamina 8

Willpower: 3

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,-1,-,-3,-5 Incapacitated
Attack: Gore for 10 dice: trample for 11 dice (no attack roll
requited — Dexterity + Dodge roll, difficulty 7, to avoid)

Crunched

112 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Intimidation 2
Move: Walk/Run/Othet: 10/20

Shark (tiger, blue)

Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
Willpower:
Health Levels: OK, OK, OK I,
Attack: Bite for seven dice

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 3,
Stealth 2

Move: Walk/RunjOth

-ly-2,-3,-5, Incapacitated

0/26

Shark (great white, hammerhead)
Attributes: Strength 7, Dexterity 3, Stamina 7
Willpower: 5

Health Levels: OK, OK, OK, -1,
Incapacitated

Attack: Bite for nine dice
Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Inti
Stealth 2

Mover Walk/Run/Other: 0/0/28

Spider (large)

Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 1

Health Levels: OK, -1, Splat

Attack: Bite fortwodice plus venom for three to six additional
dice (at one die per turn over three to six turns) ifthe target
ddoesnotsoak the bite. Damage from venom can also be soaked.
Abilities: Alertness 1, Athletics 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 3,
Stealth 3

Move: Walk/RuniOther: 2/5

nina 4

-5, Incapacitated
law for six dice; bite for seven dice

lertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimi-
dation 5, Stealth 3

Move: Wall/Run/Other: 10/35

Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Willpower: 3
Health Levels: OK, -1
Attack: Bite for four dice; claw for two dice

Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,

+ 3,5, Incapacitated

Mover Walk/RuriOther: 7/28


Normal Folks

1 can' help feeling wary when I hear any
thing about the masses. First you take thet faces
{from ‘em, calling them the masses, and then you.
‘accuse ‘em of not having any faces

— J.B. Priestley

course; mages of all
un-Awakened folks

ning True Mage oris th
exclusive club? No one can say for sure, but there's been a
00 years over the possibility

present their mystick kin with a
variety of challenges. everyone can Awaken, what makes
mages so special! Is it their job — their destiny — to help
all people to Awaken (and Ascend), or is enlightenment
‘each person's own responsibility? Should magickal powers
be left tofate or should they bea reward for those whostrive
to master them? Is mass Awakening really a good

war raging for the las

The un-Awal

os ofa world where everyone is mage.) Or
isitsomething left co"those who can handle ie"?
‘Who decides who's worthy? There are some pretty unbal
anced mysticks out there, and everybody seems to have
differentide od mage." Does
an "enlighten Sleepers
ish pride?

(Imagine the el

humanity is made
ot vampires, not other
> reason, then, that the
the players' characters
rotheun-Awakened masses. It'seasy to

upof ‘just plain folks' —notn
weird shadow thingies. It
rs with why

ces, but just remember who keeps the electric
ity running in the Chanery

The Storyteller should keep Sleepers in mind when
directing a chronicle. They're more than just Paradox
keepers or window dr they're people. And every
person is a walking storybook waiting to happen. Every

13

Chapter Four: Supporting Cast


person passed on the street has endless tories rotell. Notall
‘of them seem worth telling, but each person's story is like a
private movie to him, a drama in which that human being
isthe star In real life our tales intersect with other peoples'
when we cross paths. In gaming, however, characters often
cross swords instead of paths; most "encounters" in
roleplaying
doesn't have to be this way. While conflict is part of any
exciting story, characters meet all kinds of people in the
course of theit lives. Those meetings, in turn, shape each
character's future. One of the toughest habits for gamers to
break is the tendency to regard all other people as potential
s or rewards. By investing the people whom.
characters meet with stories and motivations, we avoid
stereotypes and deepen our tales and games.

What's My Motivation?
tion, of her character. These agendas come from what the
wracter wants, why she wants it and how she plans to get
it. A woman who was abused by her father and fears more.
beatings reacts differently to a man's anger than does a
‘woman whose parents were loving and who fears nothing.
These reactions suggest the things that the abused woman.
wants from a man and the ways in which she tries to g

mes turn into battles of words or weapons. It

has in your chronicle.

Each person in the real world acts based on his or her
needs, history and cultute. Ifyou understand these elements
ofa characters life and work with them when roleplaying,
you create a more satisfying performance —one filled with
life rather than recitation. Just asa good actor understands
the forces that shape her character's actions, a player or
Storyteller who understands her character's background
makes her chronicle live just little more. That's the heast
of roleplaying — not the Attributes or Abilities, but the
lives behind those Traits. And those livesare shaped by the
‘motivations of those who live them.

"What's my motivation?" isn'tajoke,it'sagreat way
togetahandle on characters. When the cops come sniffing
around the Chantry, when the Virtual Adept's mom calls,
when the Ecstatic's boyfriend questionshernonmonogamy,
ask yourself what those people want, how they plan to get
itand why they wane ic in the frst place. Those characters'
actions will have a lot more impact when you, the Story:
tl

in mind,

ethe'

otivations, backgroundsand personalities

‘You don't have to write all the details down, though a
few notes go a long way toward making a character more
than just a name (e.g, "Jessica Bradly: 19-year-old Mass
Com major, works at WVCW college radio, wants to be
Dj to impress folks. Low self-esteem. High energy. Slightly

114 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


GIL 89 Bumiodking sino, sodeys)

‘uo apie saysary oy Aumemons t— jPoq aAun9 e UY KONYA
829] MON [mo sIY St SMOUY a4 pHHOM Ayo 94 LOY AaEAT
anoge #oU{ 94 Soop wy Ay "xOPEAEG Yom nOYRIAs pu e UL
‘syo09 4q popunouns wyeay uozuop} ets sony apy TENGE.
51 uy 01 ang ,wieasp Uo}suaDsy 942, 3noqE 0] 8S]
9feurexa 20} 2naw9}] aowas Apeynotared e946 $397]
‘93028 9} oP $v 329]
‘9tu099q Je ays 204 SOSA ax ayBHY OF pasforuT asoy
jo Garuewny 9yp sung lurag uewiny sotpouR ye Fund
snewesp y ‘Sujaq uewny e [pus si — afew Aue — afew y
‘ayy on asnox9 ue asnf weya a10u soutoD2q 2894 LOISUaDSyy
ay) Uaya ‘So9ey aaKy sasseur ay UayM suaddey rey
sosseul 94p 40 suadaa]g se s]eOU! SSTMSIp 02 ASP9 $3}

UOHRAIeS Jo syoofqng

(Bursejdojor pu anoy 18 400} yxdap
"Ut sou © 40} yreaq_ puodag, 9407 uauID]ddns YNeL A
aq 93g) wequio> Jo asoyp wos, pry wiDI9yIp e Jo sa1I03s
‘Ur synsa2 UoneAOYUOD ay PUY "IUOYUOD OB (aadefd
{sno} fqjea4 v 40) sonsst sey ao} Jo 3985 axp tt pfoo sures
‘ot a8 x0] 40} S609 axp pu IY o2 3940 saaasUIO4E
vaaid aay saydord pur sBuipping Sujaing pazoree aac
suoqpowl ‘sumou9 pazopuauins sey sBury ‘suowssed LEWIN
1soivai8 ayp yoouost—spury uasayyp Atzbua jo— 9007

{putewur0> 2194p aw sem AatJvan Jt ATJoFDads9 ‘sooURISUINOATD
{ons spun 28 3,upmom oY, "UMorEROP Hors SUES
‘nap ¥ BuuNp pudtsssoq plo sty so138 sunt zonUdTe4g
au 99eUs wos UD||Ey SUH] AsoH4d pjo ay spUyjs9IsLOyD ay |
agap ur daap s,04m pus} jooy>s pjo ue siaaus adape dru
AB} 9 jug oyp asvd purdxa g397 ;amoy woy Ave
‘ung sey soqpoug siy szeay eg Ut UEyY ayp jy (499UeD Yate
‘umop sowooa24pejsadapy jemist, axp J] :paqgorstz9y!0u
s.euaquo aug suaddey 2eysy sopojdus wionsea veya tay
awio> satuons jeas fuunnowa v uy sade Avjd 02 Ase2 53]

auaioyip Aue 9g s23eu
PInoys Aya ‘soun] SUOYE ay ssox>e ATU Jt ‘s90ys9 ay
[p9) am sdequad 's

(Peq pur pos) soatjano uo souanys jrysamode aKa Aayp
294 *puey, re 96079 shempe 2,uaTe 2A0] am ajdood 3x,

S9UQ PPA]

ed 3N0 YN Wo BUIOR §FUI4>XH08 jf

‘9{d0ad 30 parejodenxs aq osye ue> seunue
20} Apsnorsaed paquosep sajon ayy "3]stuowy> eur Avid
ue ajdoad jeuiou aeyp s9]os Jo st} © st SurOFFOS 24 L

‘uoneuieuul pure woreariow 2[2i]w Yat (suooaKa ssopypn
‘uaiply> 280] ‘ssouiodas powey ‘une Suype) syooy soyd
20 (soneuey ‘siosnu ‘ajdood ssajauoy ‘shemeura) sjoqucs
*(siesonvaung ‘s19pe9] 2199 so od9s‘saanoe19p) squDSI2NpD
*(siueados sxppjoprs spuany 1899 S19x01) suoquodsuoD aq Ue
‘joy pouayeay-un-uorns98 sjeuruy a4p wi paqudsap asoy
se osuaatp se axe Avjd Aacp sajox au statin pur seq sur
‘yound ueyp aout axe ajdood (adoy }) MoUy Ie 98 Sy
‘dump Aseurpio (431%) Buyop a]dood Axeuspyo 4g poyjad
oad 4038 & — apptuoryp ava4-santp wut soposida Buy0u

2s atp yo aud se Auorsty,>!U0N4> UY MOP IUDM AIORS STA
ssoppypDAayy "uue UDyxoIg w ue soysUNd ax? oYsUNE
2u0 paajoaur ,opreg,, eUY ayp ‘sIEModIadns 40 IBEW
‘ou Bue} d9j01 pure yaueasoi uepunus poajoau xeart|> pur
‘ypteas ay "suze s1y ovur pur "umopyea1g v out darn2910p
Buyarains aip aouoj 01 20uap!aa parkjndiuew oym 2200]
2q-p]nom x aLidin> ayp sumpuy ort pey Aaxp Surysw949
and siaKejd ay pue sisisexe4y> aya yuog "Auysy peuisas voR
-esnooe atp uy yy sollue out pouadaap y>oys ayp ‘saued
peop 224 Yan ateye a>4! ue Ur pareariduuy sexs aanromep
sptpo axp Udy, "PoxPoYS 229m (s1>Aufd sIoXp pue) soo194,
yp ‘9pneg e BuLanp pay ry Ayuappns sexs warp Jo au0 UaYA
‘ua 281e4> punossy>eq se |]2m Se spud!) *9|>!UONYD 94p JO
sured jena auzeaag sdo> asayp auun 49a "Joqe> aya padjax,
‘uayo oye saarn2a.ep 2o1jod jo sted v "s90294] axp Jo spuaty,
3am oY sianaezey> J9]]>4403g O42 posjoaun (sad0}909p
yp shes) ues soa ] soured 3Sow at JO 9UQ)
Suyyjautu0 09 S]IPUHEIp PUY "E/\
orsuansy atf Jo sewespojaur axp pue s9ay] feuoU! Joy
Lupawmiag s} asesiu0> axp SAeWEAp 210W YR ‘PHO UAPPIH,
yp anoge mouy ajdoad asoyp ss9] ayy, "sIO[d 9AEDOUYDD |
420 sue] autdwea rnoge 21949 3,up|noys 'suondaaxe axes
‘yua'9[doad asa\p 9yj0} Geurpiout Areutpio yp arsed
(s1qp Jo sajduiexe snojoaivus 103 ao2mygqoH] ‘2unumnsuo,
‘uyof29s) worp punoxe ajdoad ayp jo sant AepAsana axp ym.
saieu nod josonue jeyprsiew axp asenuoDaysHw NO, "wap.
‘aajaauad a]doad yeuniou se ase9] 1 "sUAA9 [eUOFUAAUOD UO
pase ag 02 1y8n0 pouyemiy-un ays aundea} 204R SIO} g
"sauviequion snouss
4204 soyueypaus auied axp 2ava} pur a}doad se pouayeay-un
au Keyd Ajduns 01 as09 $1 *yBnoy ‘YesouaT Uy "so1DereYD
\ypns Suryjatuoxg inoge saidey 204s wsaanae9y pur ‘sa1z0%.
-ao1ow 03 PING ANUeYT mod, ‘S02snD HuNeas9 30} suiarshs
ue sojns sureruoo puey] wary suorsuaasy pue f2a1j
aaideyp ur soseapsey jo uonDa}]0> e 40) sarejdusar we]
sis] 998g $,Aupsa ‘sjensow 1uPy| Iu J0.2917e4 BUOS|EIDP.
sopiaoid xipuaddy syooqo|na adleyy ayp ‘zan2moy "Ay OP
sraq]nq wayyy "Aeyd rut awo>3, 440% a usy 2] ¢oDd Jo spurx
[230) 122 Jo a8uer e 190.01 ssoputod s9ypeIs,31 08012100.
((arjesow puosaq) suoseas persdusaie 2194p ang "s19d99}5 392
syShe]s Ajureia> ue soeyy 1 |] S1axoeIeY> 29] or spuaiut
ay ssajun Suryiawos oF sousnes awed UBisse a,uplnoys
Apjfpudtoag e vey — Aoreano>e Axnaad — pres u99q §,,

syo4 A1eulpig
pue s9ozy ‘speap

‘uqe wapy Azows & 404 st,
(or axey s949U [N04 pus suti93 asoyp Ur siodaaig payye-o8
aup Jo URL, ~Yooduors vs} uostad yea wey s9quioW
a1 isn{ "002 "SuoIss9$ sUNE Ud9AI0q ALOWIIUH ROK YDIjaL
sorou ajduns asou (4 Aop>0rs ‘sao uaass "uorxajdw0> sep
‘atey uog uoyg 394 29nou woYp SuPfeUL>]TYM FUME
spuy ays ajdoad ino ainify o1 sou, "Aimjeuosiad Sune

iC


a magick bus and finds herself trapped in the Hermetie's
‘magick Realm. What'shertake on things' Isshe impressed?
Disbelieving? Cynical? Overwhelmed? What's her back-
ground? Is she a sullen runaway ("Shove your magick,
asshole!"), a starry-eyed believer ("This is what I always
dreamed of"), an opportunist ("What a great idea for a
nightclub!"),arefugee ("Don'esend me backthere,please!")?
Now how isthis mortal pissant going to affect our Hermetic
friend? What stories will the chemistry between them
ignite? Two things are certain: Those stories won't be
boring, and they won't leave either character feeling the
way they did before

Subjects of salvation come in many different forms,
from the person who's just discovered magick to the mortal
trapped between the cracks — folks in the crossfire, folks
with agendas, folks just trying co survive in the world they
know. The tales that arise from such conflicts force a
ystick to assess his perspective, to come down from the
throne and look the peasantin the eye. "What are youdoing,
Merlin, and who do you think you're doing it for?" Ir's hard
to dodge that question when the questioner stands in your
face and demands an explanation. (Destiny's Price covers
salvation and the streets with uncensored detail.)

116 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

True Believers...or Not

And then there are the people who do believe, who
understand the reality of magick even if they can't use i
themselves. These folks are just a smoke screen for many
players ("Hey, it not vulgar if [convince them I'm a faith
healer!"). This approach, while valid when deciding an
Effec's difficulty rol, shortchanges both the story and the
characters involved. What's it like to be a mage among
believers — or among potentially hostile skeptics? Ask
questions and answers fallow

True believers are just ordinary people. They wane the
same things and interact with the players' characters in the
same ways. At heart, though, they hold some faith that
accepts miracles. Those miracles might be scientific ("Isn't
technology amazing?"), religious (*Yes, I trust in God's
power."), primal ("That is simply the ways things are. Who
can explain them") or even media-generated (*l know it's
true! [ saw it on 20/20!"), In any case, that faith allows a
‘mage to employ a magickal style that fits the belief
‘Where do these beliefs come from? Quite simply, they
come from desire. People believe what they do because they
wane to, because it seems right, because it fills a need. True
believers, then, are people with something to gain from @


7

mage. They don't simply let the character walk through
their livesand strew miracles without asking forsomething

Just as normals flock to someone who verifies their
beliefs, they won't tolerate someone who violates their be
lief. Non
particularly in regaed to magesand other supernatural powers,
are witch-hunters. They come inall kinds from fanatics who
ect their eligions co atheists who refuse to accept any
thingoutside thenorm, even ifitmeansdestroyingsomething
wondrous. Mages have always had tostep carefully around the
un-Awakened for fear of the mob — there are worse things
than Paradox,

The bloody huntsof the Renaissance and the quashing
of "heretics" and "infidels" never really stopped, the tactics
simply changed. A mage in modern society needs to watch
his back for police, reporters and debunkers, as well as for
hunters of a more informed variety, like members of the

|Ipeople who take this confrontation toextremes,

Inquisition or Arcanum, A mystick who lives in a dogmatic
culture stil feels the witch-fires a his back. Go ahead, use
pagan Arts in Saudi Arabia. Ifthe Paradox spirits don't nail
you, the crue believers will. Even ifthe peopledon'tactively

hunt a mystick, many avoid him: he's "odd," "not right,"
"insane" or pethaps "dangerous." The mage'smeetings with
the un-Awakened might take on a distinctly nasty flavor,
and mortals have all sorts of ways of showing disapproval.
(Hey, Penny, didn't we pay the gas bill?")

Belief is the battlefield of the Ascension War, and in
this case the battlefield lives and breathes. A mage looks
upon itsmany faces every day Bach person he encounters —
be it his best friend, his postman, his local sheriff or an IRS
agent — plays a part in the shifting struggle for reality. By
nphasicing that those people have needs and relationships
at go beyond being a backdrop, you tapa vein of ideas that
aves hack-n-slash in the dust.

Spirits

In whatsoever place ye may be, ye Spnts,
swhoare invited to this feast, come ye and be ready
to receive our offering, presents and sacrifices,
and ye shall have hereafter yet more agreeable
oblations..
‘The Greater Key of Solomon
Mages also deal with beings far more
‘esoteric than mere humans oranimals, While
the "Hidden World" section of Mage (Chap
ter Nine) covers many of the systems you need when the
Breathing Night descends on the characters, some ques-
tions remain unanswered. How does one rua the Color
Red? Ora zeitgeist time spirit? Ora summoned demon' Ie's
easy to play an Umbrood being like a human being, but is
cach? Let's explore some different ways to

Roleplayinga spicic isunlike playinga character of any
other sort. Humans and mages, even vampires and
werewolves, if properly detailed, have personality quirks
Supernaturals aren't precisely "people" in the way we un-
them, but they are people nonetheless. They're
shaped by their environment, experiences and by theit
hopes and dreams. Each one is an individual, and each has
thepotential toevolve intosomethingdifferent, something
shaped by time and circumstance.

Not so spirits

Spiritsare created with adefinite role toplay,and their
very being reflects their purpose. Spirits dutifully (and
usually gladly) accept their roles and act out their assigned.
offices without bothering to question why.

But can the leopard chang

ts spots? Of course. The

r ) roll al of spirits that have forsaken their assigned duties to

become the corrupt entities that skinchangers call Banes is
long and depressing, By contrast, certain debased spirits
have sloughed off their former wretchedness and have
become reborn forces of harmony, like fallen angels in
reverse. But change redefines a spirit, forming it into
something more appropriate to its new nature. Apparently
there just aren'tany merciful Epiphlingsof Pain or cowardly
Bear-spirits. When an Umbrood's nature changes, its very
self changes with it, Form follows function closely in the
spirit world.

There are, of course, differences among spirits, Not all
fire elementals manifest in quite the same way, and not all
Tree-spirits speak with the same voice. However, these
variations are usually fairly cosmetic. Even if two River-
spirits interpret their tasks in different ways, they are still
the very essence of River. That essence is something that
manifestsin every aspect of their personalities, fromsmooth,
flowing speech — "Ah, yess, the ansswer you sseek can be
found deep below" — to graceful gestures

Playing the Onseen

Spirits that are roleplayed properly should seem quite
alien to outsiders. Even Dreamspeakers, who are qualified
authorities on the Unseen, are frequently surprised by the
demands or questions of newly met spirits.

At the same time a spirit can be rather predictable
when you know what its purpose is. Keep that sprit'srole in
rmind when you play it, and don't let its personality or goals
stray too far. Although a water elemental that is in love
with a Fire-spirit might make an interesting encounter, a
spitit like thatisclearly the exception. That isn't to say that
Umbrood are faceless drones; the more powerful aspiitis,

Chapter Four: Supporting Cast. 117


ZA

Nea"

the more personality it manifests. Gafflings ofa certain type
blend together into a mass, while a single Jaggling might
possess a subtle, unique personality quirk.

Be careful of anthropomorphiting spirits too much,
though. Giving one of the Unseen a human face and
personality kills the feel of the Umbra and its denizens. If
spirits act like mages with a different rules framework,
what's the point of having them at all? Spirits should be
sublime, inscrutable and instinctive. They run on pure
intuition. Only the greatest Umbrood have personal Na~
tures or Demeanors, but deep personality traits still come
from thespirits'essence. An Incama of stormshasatempes-
tuous, wild Nature, even if one of her aspects wears a
Caregiver Demeanor. The lesser spirits simply act like what
they are;a Lightning Gaffling says littl, says it loudly, hen
leaves.

Spirits' single-mindedness can frustrate a mage who
thinks she's the center of the universe. To a spirit every-
thing is happening right now, and it has certain things that
itshould be doing. Unlessacharacterhassomething offer
that would serve the Umbrood's purpose, or that might pose
some sort of threat tot, the mage is unimportant. To a Fox-
spirit, Fox isall. Rabbit isimportant because Rabbit is food.
Bear is something that should be avoided. Your average
group of mages probably doesn't have anything to do with
Fox so Fox-spirits have nothing to do with the characters.

‘Where does this leave the Storyteller? Let's go back to
motivation — in a spirits case, its name. What is the
Umbrood's purpose? The answer reveals lot about how it
acts, Now what isthe face itwears, and why? That indicates
hhow it reacts to certain people. Now let's stop there and go
on instinct. Playing spirits can seem pretty tricky if we ask
too many questions. Let the name of the spirit — its
motivation, basically — guide the way you play it. Even i
the Umbrood wears a mask, that mask depends on what the
spirit is. A demon is a demon, even if she acts like a
cheerleader on the surface.

Why?

It's an age-old question, really. The standard response
when dealing with the spirit world, however, boils down to
"Because."

Children's literature goes a lot further toward deserl
ing certain facets of the spirit world than the most
complicated metaphysics do. One of the main reasons this
issois that spirit-stuf trades largely on faith. Rationalesand
scientific diagramsmean nothing in the Umbra —the spirit
world simply is. Fox is tricky, so all Fox-spirits are tricky as
well. In fact, they'ce all Fox — just expressed a lite
differently. True, the spirit world has a great many compli-
cations — and mages don't help matters by Naming
everything they meet so that it all suits theie worldview—
but it's ultimately pretty simple.

118 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

What exactly do we mean by Naming? I's a simple yet
ancient magical truth, one shamans, Hermetics and the
Changing Breeds understand well. Put plainly, the prin-
ciple of Naming means that a thing is what it is because
someone Named ittobe that way. Said"someone" is usually
adivine being; God says Let there be light," and there its
— light. The greatest power of magick, according some
philosophies, isthat itchangesaname and thus changes the
being. That's one of the reasons why magicians are feared
and hated in many cultures — they usurp the power of God
or the gods. (More on Naming in Chapt

Let's use Fox as an example. According to primal lore,
the Creator Named the world, and all its creatures took
form and purpose when they were Named. Fox became
clever and quick when the Creator Named him Fox, be-
cause that was what the name Fox conveyed. To this day,
some primal undercurrent in all foxes and Fox-spiritsevery-
where responds to the name Fox. Thus, Fox is Fox, he isn't
Rabbit. He acts like we think a fox should

The high Umbrood, the gods of the astral Courts, wear
dozens of masks over a single name. The "Trickster" sprit
may be seen as Loki, Coyote, Mephisto or Dionysus, but he's
still one spirit, even ifhe has many Umbrood Lords walking
around in his place. The Hermetics, who delight in memo:
the endless ranks of the Umbrood Courts, recognize
that each spirit isan aspect ofa greater force. That force has
name granted to it by the Creator, and has many lesser
‘names given to it by humans.

A great spirit's personality traits — its Nature and
Demeanor — are simply extensions of its purpose. The
Trickster concept isn't defined by Loki's quirks, as any
werecoyote is glad to point out. Loki comes from Trickster.
He's a face of Trickster chat somehow gained enough
personality and ability to be counted asa major spiit in his
‘own right. [e's good idea, if mage plans to deal with the
spirit face-to-face, to know the various names and person-
alities that Trickster has. [t's also a good idea, if you're the
character's Storyteller, to know which face to present.

The Godling witha Thousand Faces

While simple spirits conform to cheir given names and
look the same way to every mage who sees them, mighty
spirits, such as the Umbrood Lords, often appear as exactly
what the viewer expects to see. Say you're in the court of
Raggadoom, Eighth Duke of Thunder. Whatever
Raggadoom's true form is, visiting mages aren't likely
it Ifa mixed cabal gains audience with the duke, each
member may well perceive him differently. The Akashic
Brother from Hokkaido may see Raggadoom in the long
nailed form of Raiden, while the Norse-pagan Verbena may
see old ted-bearded Thor himself. The Comanche
Dreamspeaker may note that Raggadoom has chosen the
form of Thunderbird, while the Nuwisha tagging along for
fun might see any or all of these images, depending on how


Pe
ie

she tends to think of Thunder-spirits. The principle re-
mains the same, but the exact shape tends to be defined by
the viewer's expectations. Of course, the viewer might not
understand precisely why she sees the spiritinsucha fashion
(Uh, why docs the Ocean-spirit look like a seaweedy J
Edgar Hoover!"), but chere's usually some reason. Every
thing has a purpose in the spirit world, no matter what
Hollow Ones may say

Of course there's an exception to every rule, Some
Umbrood display a certain amount of individuality that
defies immediate explanation. Shudderskin Nell, for in-
stance, appears in the same clammy, soft-boned form no
matter whoshe speaksto. Most magesareatalosstoexplain
this sort of thing. Some Dreamspeakers, however, know
thata livingbeingcan only stay solong in the Umbra before
becoming disconnected from the physical world. These
unusual spirits, they say, may well have once been mortals,
‘or mages whose strength of will held them together after
they became beings made entitely of spirit. Where does this
individual come from and what made it unlike Ancestor-
spirits or similar Umbrood? Who knows? Perhaps that's the
sort of thing that a person truly is without the concernsand
limitations of flesh. (Aclida, Lady of Feathers, is a prime
‘example of this type of spieit.) OF cours, flesh defines
humanity somuch that nobody will probably ever know the

ruth,

‘And then there are the zeitgeist, che time spirits who
embody the memories of ages. These arcane beings take
their forms directly from human impressions. Say some-
thing happens on Earth. If t's dramatic enough it makes a
tremendous residual energy impression (free Quintessence!)
In most cases that Odyllic Force simply fades away. Occa-
sionally, however, it rakes shape as a time spirit. Such
shapes, which vary tremendously from manifestation to
an age. Few folks,
Only Cultists of
beings (see Cult of Eestasy, page 65).
aying these many-faceted spirits can be challenging.
You have a few different roleplaying options at your dis.
posal, though. When in doubt, choose the one youfeel most
comfortable with.

* The old-fashioned way: "You all go off tomeet
Thor." By presenting the Umbrood with a single face, you
reduce confusion and roleplaying time. Simply address
everyone with one face and let it goat that. While thiscan
be appropriate in certain situations — it would be odd to
encounter Raiden at a hall dedicated to the Norse storm
god — making spirits too familiar rakes away from their
unearthly natu

* Different voices: "You, Imiko, see Lord Raiden,
who rumbles as he speaks; Wulfgar, Thor appears before

nulate the impressions tha
even mages, understand the zeitgeists.
festasy can commune with these odd

people have of

Chapter Four Supporting Cast. 119


you, his hammer set solidly on one shoulder..." Take
everyone in turn and describe who and what they see.
While this approach takes a bit more time and effort (and

abit of familiarity wich mythic figures), it captures

undercurrenc of "What is ruth

* The faceless god: "The clouds swirl and sud
denly divide. A huge lightning bolt slashes through the air
and explodes at your feet. When the smoke clears you see a
message from the spirits." This is the most atmospheric
approach, and often the most effective one, especially in
Earthbound stories. Something unearthly happens and it's
up to the characters to figure out what it means.

* Allof the above: When the cabal seeks answers
at a hall, it receives a message written in lightning. When
the characters pass into the Norse Court of Valhalla, they
meet Thor. When theyapproach the storm god in Midrealm,
they see his many different faces. This technique, while
confusing, may be the best way to underline the epic
Tapestry of reality — nothing is as absolute as it seems

Bargaining with the Onseen

Allspiritsinsiston certain protocols, regardless oftheir
natures. Mages who would deal with them on friendly terms
must follow the spirits' rules. While there are plenty of
wizards who acquire enough power to force Umbrood to
obey, those people learn to watch their backs. Shamans
prefer co earn spirits' goodwill. Powerisalwaysa good thing
tohave—notevery piritlistenstoreason, youknow— but
a willing partner is more helpful than a collared slave

The essentials of good bargaining are respect, know!
edge and reputation. A mage without any of the above
might as well write "loser" in big bright letters on his
forchead. All spirits demand respect; some require down-
right abasement while others merely insist on mannersand
deference. Few spirits will do something for nothing. The
practice of chiminage (long known by the Garou) covers
bargains with spirits. In order to receive advice, assistance
loranswers, the mage must make a sacrifice, offer an appro
priate gift or undertake some quest on the sprit's behalf. If
the summoner seeks to bind the spirit intoa sacred object,
she must tender even greater chiminage. (Examples of the
dues asked by totem spirits can be found in Axis Mundi:
The Book of Spirits.)

Spirits like to go forth into the material world, if only
for short periods of time, and love to be appeased and
flateered. Many of them have allies in need of assistance or
tasks in need of completion. By offering to help with such,
chores a person can ask for a favor or two in return.
Providing a vessel for Gauntlet-crossing is the best (and
riskiest) way o get on aspirit's good side;someshamansand
voodooists offer themselves while Infernalists and some
Hermetic magi offer simulated flesh-creations or innocent
victims for possession. A mage with Spirit 3or4 canawaken

120 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


a spirit in an object (see Awaken the Inanimate), offer a
hose (see Create Fetish and Free the Mad Howlers)
orsimply bring the Umbrood across (see Breach the Gaunt-
let). An especially brave or trusting shaman can offer
herself up for a Skinride (see Wraith: The Oblivion, the
Living Bridge Spirit Effect or the Possession Charm),
although she should be careful how she extends the invita
tion, and to whom. Some spirits really shouldn't be allowed
into the material world, and a mage will often be held
accountable if she lets things get out of hand.

Knowing what you're doing when dealing with spirits
is vital few dots in the Spirit Lore Trait presented in The
Book of Madness' Appendix should be standard for sha-
mans and conjurers. Knowledge includes the proper rites
for spirit-summoning, forms of address (Hint: Be nice),
tokens of respect and things to beware of. Acquiring such
lore is one of a mage's greatest tests — you can learn only 50
‘much without hands-on experience.

‘Once a mage has been around a while, the spirits learn
hernameand deeds. A reputation can bea realhelp orareal
problem, depending on who you are, what you've done and
who you're addressing. If Raven knows you've been kind to
birds and have dealt fairly with other spirits, he'll be more
likely to help you than if you had a name like Loreena
Owlkiller and a reputation of shutting spirits up in fetishes.
Power helps, no doubt about it;a mage with Spirit 4 gains
a certain amount of respect from the Invisible Ones no
matterhow she acts. Buteven so,asmart medium valuesher
connections and treats the spitits fairly and well. A careless
rmage's sins can literally come back to haunt her in more
ways than the obvious.

Hermetic Arts and black magic work on spirits in a
more adversarial way than shamanism does. A wizard co:
cerces Umbrood beings to do his will through combinations
of sacrifices, incantations, bargains and threats. Although
any smart magus maintains a tone of respect in his dealings,
most conjurations include a protection pentacle, binding
incantation, bribe and a threat. While these protocols can
be very effective when a character wants something done
(see "Umbrood Protocols" in Order of Hermes), they tend
to leave a bad taste in whatever passes fora spiit's mouth
Wizards are good at ordering spirits around, but they're not
very good at making friends with them.

Dreamspeakers and other wise shamans maintain good
relationships with the Umbrood — relations which have
bred affinities with some Paradox spirits. Unlike other
willworkers, the spiit-cousins can convince a reality senti-
nel to go away, to "write off" an infraction or to bust
someone else. This talent depends on three things: A
successful Charisma + Spirit Lore roll (difficulty 5 + the
spirit's Rage); good, clever roleplaying ("No wait, it wasn't
ime, it was him...."); and an absolutely impeccable reputa-
tion for solving problems without vulgar magick. The
Paradox pict, like any cop, might let you ofthe hook once,

but won't ignore repeat offenses or excuses. A Dreamspeaker
who rips open the Gauntlet, brings a dragon through and
then suffers a backlash isn't going to be very successful if
Wrinkle comes calling. Gods help the shaman who con
vincesa Paradox spirit to punish an innocent person; word
will get around. The results won't be pleasant.

(Remember that placating Paradox spirits doesn't work
with other forms of Paradox backlash. A careless shaman i
just as likely to get blasted out of existence by a sudden
explosionasisthe Hermetic wizard with the itchy spellbook
finger.)

Sample Spirits

The Umbrood fall into many of the roles we've already
discussed, from adversaries to familiars to companions to
loved ones to symbols. The forms in which they appear may
seem alien, but in the end they are inspiration for the same
types of stories as animals and humans are. Spirits can hate,
love, question and confound mages just as mortals can.
Their manifest 1s — a quaking of the ground, a stirring
of the breeze, asudden feeling of clarity, as if the whole world
just snapped into focus — make a different impression than
mortals do, but deep down spirits are just other types of
characters. See "Creating Mood and Atmosphere" in Mage
(page 148), and the Storyteller Hints for demons (page
104) and the Three Worlds (page 121) in The Book of
Madness for more detailed suggestions for practical spirit
storytelling.

The following Umbrood join an impressive list of
published spirits (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse, Axis
Mun« ‘he Book of Spirits, The Book of Madness, the
Mage rulebook and Beyond the Barriers: The Book of
Worlds for starters). Descriptions of time-spirits (zeitgeists)
can be found in Cult of Ecstasy. The best spirits, however,
are the ones your players can't read about. They're the ones

Glitterfly Joy Epiphling)

Willpower 3, Rage 3, Gnosis 8, Power 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Influence

Image: These tiny EpiphlingsofJoy areall butinvisible
and untouchable, even in the Umbra. A Joy spirit seems to
bea minute shimmer of intense color, and a faint glimmer
cof something beautiful from the viewer's past. When a
Gaffling of Joy speaks, it almost croons or hums hypnoti-
cally, coupling speech with Influence. If someone actively
tries to communicate with a spirit, it becomes excited and
‘energetic, broadcasting an uplifting sort of exuberance that
ccan wash the fatigue from a weary mage's limbs.

Joy-sprits are rare. They seldom appear in great num-
bers save in truly extraordinary circumstances. Some magi
like to bind chese Epiphlings into fetishes in their Chantries,
retreating to the spirits' warmth whenever the world hangs

Chapter Four: Supporting Cast 121

DWP,

TS ZN


" 44
The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storyté

=a

lers Gui

ide"

heavy on their shoulders. Unfortunately joy does poorly in

captivity; ficeflylike Epiphlings often burn themselves out

strugeling against their prison walls. Many Dreamspeakers

consider it a crime to compel service from these fragile

Umbrood, and refuse to associate with anyone who is selfish
ugh co try to "own" a Joy-spiri.

Achlodoch (Madness- Spirit)

Willpower 4, Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Power 25

Charms: Airt Sense, Blighted Touch (madness), In
fluence, Materialize, Mind Speech, Shapeshift

Image: What image? There isn't any solid look or feel
tospirits of insanity. Some of them resemble wailing clouds
of fog with occasional bursts of color deep inside, like heat
lighting on an overcast night. Others ta
humanlike apparitions, and always spet
reasonably with strangers

the forms of
articulately and

Achlodochs make for bizarre encounters, and they're
naturally drawn to mages in Quiet. These spirits are known
to take material form, playing the roles of hobgoblins in a
madman's dementia. Curiously enough, they rarely appear
inthe company of Marauders; perhaps the Mad Ones are too
rmuch like them to be of any real interest. A few of-klter

ages enjoy unleashing Madness-<pirits on Sleepers as a
form of rude enlightenment; these perverts usually meet
appropriate fates of their own. Over the course of extended
mischievous mages. The results are sometimes amusing, but
usually terifying.

Shrike (Pain-Spirib

Willpower 3, Rage 8, Gnosis 5, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Possession, Tracking

Image: Cutting, slashing, ripping, biting, stabbing,
shredding, abrading — these bundles of sharp projections
whirl through the Umbra like masses of are welded shuriken.
They only stop occasionally to unfold like metal hedgehogs
and linger over hapless plaything. The average Pain-spirit
isn't as malicious as most might see it; it doesn't hate its
vietims or lash out in anger. However, pain i its business,
and like all spirits it's quite devoted to its task. Shrike
Gafflings don't have enough personality to enjoy or be
indifferent to their work; they simply go about it, which
frightens many mages more than wanton cruelty might.
(Another form of Pain-spitit, one that's not quite an
Epiphling, can be found in Grandfather Thunder's Brood in

Some sadomasochistic Cultists of Ecstasy call these
thingsin to oversee high rituals, or bind them into pieces of
equipment. However, only che truly dedicated do this more
than once — the intensity of a Shrike's attentions ean.
break down mental boundaries quite nicely, but a mage's
‘endurance is, afterall, only human.


7

The Reaper (Death Epiphling)
@ _Wilsower10,Raze 10, Grotis 10, Power 300 or 0

(Charms: Practically anything appropriate. The Reaper
tends to exhibit Aire Sense, Appear, Armor, Blast Flame,
Influence ("Go away"), Lightning Bolts, Mind Speech, Re-
form and Tracking. Italso has access toa numberof specialty

Charms thac have surprised more than one unwary mage.

Image: You probably don't need o be told what this

spirit looks like. Westerners have seen Death with the same
fleshless face for centuries. This mighty Epiphling, practi-
cally an Incarna, embodies its image by taking the form of
theclassic Grim Reaper of superstition. Therustleofablack
shroud, the scale smell of grave earth and old bones, the
flash of light from a scythe-edge so sharp its wounds never
so much as sting — that's the Reaper.

Thisrighty Death-spiricisdificuleco compel orbind. Its
scrong enough to resist the cals of all but the mose talented
archmages,and uch willworkers don find it worth the effor.
Contrary to popular folktales, the Reaper can't release the
hosts of loved ones from death — that's just not part ofits
province. Life's life, and death is death; the Reaper is just the
spiritual embodiment of the part in between, No mage has yet
to encounter Death while it performs its duty, and so it'
dificul to tell if the spirit actually does appear to collect
certain souls at the time of death. (Mose mages dismiss this as
just a little too superstitious for their tastes, anyway.) The

ee cre ae det cio ach ws
mortals. A mage is most likely to encounter the Reaper ifthe
‘mortal wanders the astral Realis of Death (in which case
Death could appear to gauge the importance of the mage's
business and perhaps evict her). The Reaper can also be
encountered in the presence of death so widespread and
pervasive that spirits lock tothe scene of theie own will
‘The Euthanatos acknowledge the Reaper as one of the
most powerful Death Epiphlings in existence, and offer it a
respectfulnodor salute whenever they crossitspath. The spirit
doesn't usually return the favor, chough. Like all Epiphlings,
the Reaper has litle personality beyond that with which the
concept of Death instills. It is neither malicious nor benevo-
lent — it simply is. Is arcention isa difficult thing to atract,
and no amount of Gaiman comics, Pratchett novels, oa
boards nor black candles is likely to convince it that a person,
isworth talking to. Nordoes che spirit have any particular love
for chess, although ithas apparently leamed to play (and very,
very, very well, ifyou must know).
Although a couple of mages have tried tobind the Reaper
20a fetish, such attempts have always failed — dismay.
Coolerheads advocate giving up —if you needa Death fetish,
best you go pick a Gaffling to inhabit it. Besides, even if
somebody could bind che Reaper into a physical object,
chances are the bearer would die shortly afterward. A Death
spirit that powerful can' help but flood a fetish with so much

@ it Resonance tha some would lak out and stick tothe
object's owner. Not a pleasant thought.

Chapter Four: Support Cast"


Chapter Five:
Alternate

hronicle
eltings

Slow down time
Slow down time

TThe soul ofthe Earth escaped into the sky
Don't be afraid to leave your body behind
‘Sky Cries Mary, "Slow Down Time"

What do you see?

Marcus gazed across the cloudy moors, sing
upthefiguethatstembled doughthe mist. Damned.
big, itwas, and homed. The clutch in his chest was
colder than the bone whipping ind. "Ithinktisthe
Deei," he replied to his companion, "Told you che
seance was a mistake,

Nonsense." The older man blew hotly
upon his cupped hands, warming the leathery
flesh. Mist exploded around his fingers like sudden smoke. "The
seance wasa diversion, nothing more. Let the spoiled brat think
twe called up their Satan. I know fora face that over pursuer i of.
far frailer stock than any Infernal kin

The young acolyte grimaced. "And how, pray my friend,
would you know the Dark King's guise?

Maris," cided he uizad, "Pv then tain he chambers of the
earned. Thisisnodevi. Beever, "hesad, hiseesgomesudeny bight
cand ghaing, "Ienow devs uhen Ise them, well enough

Mage: The Ascension setsa magickal battle forreality
in the gritty Gothic-Punk milieu. Yet mages don't just

hemselves to urban life, black clothes and body

in the big city. This section provides you
with new setting ideas and resource materials for "alterna
tive" chronicles. Change is good defy the paradigm.

Locales

A good alternative setting should spark your imagination,
and yourplayers aswell. Findingoneiseasy once youthink about
it —any number of tories can leap froma single setting. To find
‘an option, send your imagination spinning actos the possbil
ties, then ask yourself a few simple questions: How do ge the
characters there? What will they do? Who will they meet? And
what'sat stake when they do? Anywhere you can think of, from
an ancient mountain village to a futuristic Realm, can be a
background to adventure. The city is only the beginning.

Rural

Moving from the city to the country opens up new
possibilities. What a shame about that lovely old farm

Chapter Five: Altemate Chronicle Settings 125


126

The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

sitting in the path of the new fre
‘owners have some special "friends," isn't it? Fi
won't let the bulldozers through withou

Some characters, like Verbena, Dreamspeakers, Sons
idden, simple lives to
ind cluster of cities. Rural tales come naturally
to them. Other mages, like Technocrats or Hollow Ones,
seem out of place in the country. Naturally, the shock of
contrast conjures up its own share of stories for them. In
short, then, a rural setting isan ideal change of pace, with
its own sets of values, textures and moods.

‘A tual setting introduces a whole new culture to your
chronicle. Here, the emphasis is on the value of land and a
simple lifestyle rather than on a hot nightlife and nonstop
action. Boring? Not at all! Look at the importance of land in
sagas of the Old West: People died in conflicts over property
Alliances and wars resulted from rural disputes over land rights
And then there are good old-fashioned values, values that rise
from a need for stability. Conservatism, hospitality, privacy,
responsibility, ahelpinghand to those in need anda kick in the
pants to freeloaders — such values ris in places where nature
Promises nothing, where aid comes only from your friends.

folk" have a fierce pride and loyalty tothe land no
"city dweller" could comprehend. They find innerstrength and
power from the simple beauties of golden fieldsand sunsets over
dark ponds. They fall asleep listening to faraway train whistles,
toclosersongsof rogsand katydids. To them, the land saliving
thing, sometimes benevolent, occasionally hostile.

Think about why your characters are in a rural setting
Maybe one of them owns property out in the country let's sy
the Verbena inheritedhisfamily farmorthe Etherite discovered
his mentors secluded lab. Perhaps the characters fled to bolt
hole inthe country;afterall, Technocratskindastand outin the
back country. Maybe the place is ful of resources, magickal or
‘otherwise; the city isn'ta great place for farm animals, and old
scone circles retain their power when the land around them is
leftalone. Thinkaboutthese ssuesefore youtossthe characters
intoagrarian bliss. Asalways, makesure he playersare enthused
about the idea, 100. For further inspiration, see The Book of
Chantries; Chapter Four details & Verbena farming coven
where life is anything but dll!

Three common tales arise from the rural chronicle. First,
there's the "city 0 country" plot: The characters have to leave
the cityand move out to the country. Maybe they're looking for
inner peace or outer sanctuary or just some brea
Stories might involve urban characters trying to adjust to rural
life, dealing with their nosy but well-meaning neighbors or
«escaping town gossip. A second plot explores the "wonders of
nature": The characters spend lot oftime communing with the
land n search oftheirown identities. Youcan use thisplotorun
primal scenariosinvolvinganimal encounters, personal trialson
the land and so on. Finally, there's "the horror of nature" plot
Here, the rural culture is anything but friendly, and the mages
suffer from nasty neighbors and Mother Nature's scom. The


possibilities ange from Deierance-style chases to creepy horror
ornatural disasters. What's the power of a mage worth against
@ wvisee Whatifthenew Chanty rexsatopa Native American
burial ground? What if angry spixits will do anything to wreak
vengeance? So much fr "litle coven on the prairie."

You can draw from dozens and dozens of television shows
and moviesfor inspiration. Mostofthemarepeetycomy, though
Baby Boom is relatively tolerable. Tom Brown's books, such as
The Tracker andthe Search, ae enjoyable esays about woodland
survival, and Jack London's tales balance reverence for the
courdooeswith respectfornature'sfury Veraand Bradford Angie's
A Home in the Woods is an engaging tale of an urban couple
‘determined to make afeesh startin the wildemess. SE. Hinton's
The Ousides (the book and the movie) shows the power of ural
life's transformation on city folk, and Spider Robinson's Time

ther sourees portray nature as more terrifying than en-
x HP. Lovecraft'scollection ofstoriesin The rich
Horror is a must read for any "horror-ofnanure" scenarios
Deliverance isesental viewing material. Sherlock Holmes once
commented thatthe countryside is much more insidious than
the city beca ind violence can easily le hidden
Stephen King underlines the point in many of his books and
stories of ual fe, uch as "Children ofthe Com," Co, Misery
and "The Body." Ifteror's what you'te afer, design tales that
‘make the ordinary aspect of rural if grab the characters then,

slowly strangle them in their own entrails
e@ ‘The best sources for "wonders-of-nacure" scenarios, how-

ever, are your ownexperiences. Spendsomertimein the wilderness

light

and get a feel forthe land. Do some hiking or camping and
immerse yourself in the isolation. Visit a small town, eat some
lunch in the loca dinerand ralktothe people —poliey. Find out
when ther families steed there and how they make a living.
Many folks wil be pleased to answer the right questions, espe-
cially if you explain you're doing some research (don't mention
gaming — it's not well thought of) If this isa bit too much
fieldwork for you, watch some episodes of Northern Exposure, a
show ako worth watching for is "urban to rural" plots. Many
cable channel feature nature and travel programs every night if
these done give you story ideas, you're in the wrong line of wotk.
Fora multicultural view, Leaming from Ladakh is fine educa
nity in central Asia coping with
ly, youcan find some great anthropological

ndthe human experience published

by Thor Heyerdal
nt good portions of their lives in the wild, and their

os can inspite the more couch-bound Storyteller to
the world with more than just his imagination,

have

‘exactly? Paris? Las Vegas! Tibet? Try any
ny place that's outside your troupe's usual
e cexperiencescan be an exotic seting for adventure and intrigue.

If you live in rural Maho, New York City might be considered

Chapter Five: Alternate Chronicle Settings

127


IZ

exotic; if you're used to stories set in the continental US,
distant places like Rio, Hawaii or the Sahara Desert ean break
tp the monotony, adding an air of unpredictable mystique
Deep down, mest people love to explore the unknown.

Exoticchroniclescan work in one oftwo ways: The players
may be natives of the area; the setting is ordinary to the
characters, but exotic tothe troupe. Alternately the characters
could be globe-trotters, exploring different cultures; here, the
players and charactersboth find the setting exotic. Most players
find it easier to get into the second of not an easy
thing to adopt an Arabian mindser if you're a Jewish kid from
Brooklyn; the challenge offers some great roleplaying experi-
«encestothose who can handle it, though. Ifyourcharactersare
asunfamiliar with the layofthe land asthe playersare, oucan
take advantage of that novelty. Watch the fun as the cabal
puzles out strange customs, takes in the sights and gets lost at
all the wrong times.

Mage is an intemational game. As the rulebook says,
«anyone can be a mage. The Awakened don't tend to stay home
forever, either unlike the entrenched Kindred), mysticks wan-
deracrossthisvast reality, findingsteps along the Path wherever
they go. t's easy enough to send an American cabal from the
‘Nevada deserts to the Himalayan peaks, from Rome's cata-
combs othe African Congo. Perhaps the player characters are
members of a war cabal, seekers on a quest or agents of some
seater power. They can travel by mortal means — aircraft,
ships, rains, fet —ormystick ones — portals, Correspondence
jumps sprit travel, etc. Each passage hasitsown complications,
of course: Customs officials cash (orlack thereof), and interfer-
ence from Technocrats, vampires or other Avvakened beings
createsheadaches or the jesetting mage, while magickal routes
proveunreliable,unpredictableor Paradox-prone. Planescrash,
trains get delayed, cars break down, wars break out. Maybe the
magickal curtain between Russia and the rest ofthe world (see
Rage Across Russia) stil stands; perhaps that jump portal was
‘a one-way trip. What do you do if you're stuck in Beirut when
fighting breaks out again? What ifthe Gauntler's too thick to
‘erossin London and you're trappedion the ide withall thespirts
and ghosts? You have a million and one ways to complicate
travel ifyou want rouse them, and what's good story without
a little complication?

‘Culture clashes are all kinds of fun, to. Films like The Gads
Must be Crazy, Midnight Express or City Slickers show what can
happen when folks from one placerun headlong into people from
another. Differencesin languages, manners, clgion, perception
or hygiene can tum a simple situation into a desperate one. A
(Christian Chorster'sgoingto have problemsifshe gets dogmatic
in Saudi Arabia;a doped-out Bestaticberterhavea Teleportspell
ready if he plans to pass through Turkey. Most cultures —
including our own — aren't forgiving about mistakes. Ask the
Japanese kid who wasblown away orknockingon an American's
door — if you can. The complications can range from the tragic
to the hilarious, depending on how you choose to run things
Somecharactersmight like James Bond, fit in anywhere without

128

‘The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

trouble; on the whole, though, its often more fun torfile their
feathers than see them breeze across the world

Complications are great; too many of them, though, can
srind the game toa halt. Players like to be challenged, but hate
tobe frustrated. Make sure they have something to hold onto
when the characters enter a strange land, whether that be a
friendly contact, a wise familiar ora talking crystal. Ifyou want
the folks in your cabal to come froma strange location, make up
afew culture note handoutsso the players won't feel completely
lost the characters are new to the area, keep the playersin the
dark and reveal details as they come. A middle option
introducing a native character or a Storyteller guide — allows
you to emphasize the seting's strangeness without paralyzing
your players. It always helps to have someone who knows the
Fanguage

Obviously, it helps if you'e familiar with the sting
yourself. Maybe you've done a lot of traveling or have lived
somewhere most of your players have neverseen. Working from
‘what you know is often easier than doing a lot of research. If
foreign cultures fascinate you, then by all means have a bal
Maybe you've never actually been to Japan, but yourhunger for
things Japanese has supplied you with a trove of information.
You'llneedallthe help youcan get —the whole point ofserting
story ina distant land is novelty. Ie' nota change if the folks
in Tokyo act just lke the folks in Atlanta, and its kind of a
disservice to the setting, too. Work the setting forall the
atmosphere you can muster; describe, describe, describe (see
Mage, pages 148 and 154).

Films, travelogues, guidebooks and experienced friends are
seat sources for location descriptions. Emphasize culture and
flavor over mapwork; it's more important to capture the feel of
place thantopinpointlocations. fyouhavethe time, get some
traveler phrasebooks like Berlitz guides and Lonely Planet
‘Survival Kits— they're cheap, easy oread and packed with lots
cofhelpful information. Several cable channels and PBS stations
feature weekly and even daily travel shows; watch afew ofthese
and youll never want to run a local chronicle again? Atlases
tend tobe dry; you can find a place, but you won't get much of
a feel for it. Most roleplaying lines have area supplements of
varying degrees of quality; the best ones givea good overview of
the area and offer insights on the culture; Victory Games old
James Bond 007 series had especially ood location sourcebooks.
For World of Darkness details, sce A World of Darkness
‘Second Edition, The Book of Crafts, The Chaos Factor and
the various by Night, Rage Across, Necropolis, Immortal Eyes
and Dark Kingslom series.

The conditions of reality are not always the same. The
"Magickal Geographyand influence" section inthe Mage rulebook
(pages 184-186) describes the boundaries of "coincidence" and
the styles mage can use to her advantage worldwide. This same
section can come in handy if you choose to run a historical
chronicle, too; just apply similar conditions — wild Chinese
‘magick would be appropriate in an Age of Heroes chronicle,
while computers would be vulgar —and use it as needed.


J

TS ZN

L.ED

Wouldn'citbe nifty to watch the final victory of Tokugawa
Ieyasu? Or the defeat of the Spanish Armada? How about
horrors ofthe Garou Impergium? Or the sack of ancient Troy?
While they require more research and world-building than
simple locales do, historical chronicles offer a creative change
of pace, and take advantage of player interest and expertise, as
well. Chances are you have at least one history buff in your
group! Many Storytellershesitatetocreate historical chronicles
because of the characters might change history. Don't worry
about this; instead, immerse the characters in the petiod's
favor. It can be a heady brew indeed,

First before youdo anything els, read thoroughly through the
timelines and histories given in Mage: The Ascension (Chapter
Three), Horizon: The Stronghold of Hope (Chapter Two) ,or The
Fragile Path (Chapter One), Familiarize yourelfwith thestatusand
form magick takes in your chosen time period. How wilt affect che
characters willworking?inancienttimes peoplebelievedinmiracles,
certain kinds of magick were easy for mysticks but hard for
Technomancers. Then there are enemies to consider, many mages
diedin the iresofthe Inquisition. Think aboutthe forceshehindthe
‘majorcontlicts Vampires, werewolves other magesanvleven faeries
make nasty enemies. Make sure your opponents suit the setting.
there weren'tany HIIT Marks in feudal Japan, for example, but the
hedge magicians weren't pushovers. Think about the societies

7

The Otherworlds Historical

If you play Mage, you'll end up in the Umbra. Seekings,
intoother Realms. These Otherworldsarefartoonumerousto
detail hers the concept that realty is infinite finds Exhibit A
in the lands beyond the Gauntlet

Reality, inMage,sflexible Adventuresin the Otherworkds
are as flexible as you want to make them. If you've wanted to
run crossover stories with other fantasy worlds — Middle
Earth, Os, the Star Wars gakixy, and so on — here's your
chance. Ifyou want co make a point about the Earth, you can
‘xeate a Realm to spel it out for your troupe. Ifyou want to
throw reality as we know ic out the window and indulge in
madness from Kafka to Kricfalusi, the Realms are your license
todoso. Just besure that when the tale isdone, your charact
retum t0 the real world. The war for reality has many battle-
grounds, but the prize is the Earth — at least for now.

Mage, Wraith and Werewolf offer a wealth of source
material forthe Worlds Beyond; the key reference, Beyond the
Barriers: The Book of Worlds, covers travel, rules, atmo-
sphere and crossover possibilities. Other books, like U
The Velvet Shadow, The Book of Chantries and Di
Web (bothcollectedlasMage Chronicles 1) Horizon: Strong-
hold of Hope and The Book of Madness, explore different
Realms and their inhabitants. Don'tbe shy if —and when —
the Otherworldsenter your tale. The only limits there are your

e imagination and your troupe's intentions

Chapter Five: Alternate Chronicle Settings


I 77 NS

‘magickal and mundane —and about the effects they have on your
setting, History is more than the passage of yeas.

‘Then consider how the characters arrive: Is your chronicle
aperiod piece, orhassomeevenccreatedatime ft? The attitudes
your players favor will spring from their characters' backgrounds
‘A modem mage would be horrified at the casual cruelty of
Renaissance Italy, but a wizard ofthe times would simply shrug
at the way things are. Gender roles, faith, manners, social
standing, language, even literacy vay tremendously fromtimeto
les a good idea to pass outa short "period notes" sheet if
you'rerunninga period game, tolet your playersknow whatisand
proper" the cabal artivesfrom moder times, be prepared
toconfound the characters with social mores andl culture shocks.
‘Our modem world isthe product of a million years of change

If you're concemed about players altering the world, ask
yourself whether the player characters could rally accomplish
anything to stem the tide of history. If not, proceed apace,
avoiding crsispoints like the burningofJoan of Ate. fyoumust
include cereain historical events, contrive things so that the
cabal cannot intervene. If Joan of Arc must die, work the
chronicle'sevents to impede her rescue:a storm on the English
Channel, a surprise battle with bandits or Joan's own sel
sacrificecouldundo the best magicians' plans. Don'tbe afraid to
cnuity, though if players come up with a sound plan
‘osave Joan, donc stop them merely for the sake ofistory. You
canmakertheirlivesdifficult in other ways,andcan revamp your
chronicle timeline quickerthan youcan regain your players lost
trust. Finally, be clear to your players about your feelings on
changing history. If you'r flexible enough to consider an
rorld history, let them know. If,on the other hand,
youdon't want major events changed, advise your players from
the onset (then expect them to ignore the warning).

Before beginning, doa little research timelines and maps
are essential tomost historical chronicles St riprorhe
local library. Historical surveysor textbooks are good waystoget
‘an overview of the chronicle's time period. Most general
histories have good bibliographies for in-depth studies, and
include mapsand timelines to compare events worldwide. Take
advantage of historical novels and films, too; many cable
channels have historical specials and travel shows that can give
you a "fel" for your setting. A few books you shouldn'e be
without include: The People's Chronology by James Trager, Rand
MeNally's Atlas of World History, Cosmos by Cari Sagan and A
History of World Soceces by Robert McKay. Connections, Jarmes
Burke's television show and book, isa fantastic piece that links
‘ogether world history, science andar. Finally don'forgetthat
other games often have great historical resource materials (see
below). GURPS Timeline from Steve Jackson Games s particu
larly useful, and manyof hat company'ssourcebooksprovidean
inspirational boost othe harried Storyteller.

Ultimately, remember that the story is more dramatic than
the time and place. An historical setting should inspire good
stories, and vice versa. No matter how intricate your setting it's
not worth spit if you don't have a good tale to share.

130 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


7

Prehistoric Times

Most historians place "prehistory" between 10,000 BC. to
5000 B.C., the time before civilizations arose in Egypt,
Mesopotamia, East Aftica and the Indus Valley. Prehistoric
societies organized themselves around hunting and gathering;
they dida't fight magickal wars, they fought for daily survival
"Most ibes wandered until advancesin agriculture allowedthem
tobuild permanent setlements. These in tum, provided forthe
‘emergence of written anguagesand more sophisticated cultures.
Magic and spirituality were very important to prehistoric
peoples. Archaeological evidence of burial sitesshowsthateven
Neanderthal tribeshad some conceptofanafterlife;theirgraves
contained food, flowers and simple tools for use in the hereafer.
"The caves of Lascaux and elsewhere show an appreciation for
both the aesthetic and the fantastic. On the other hand, the
period lacked "landmarks"; there weren't any "Spheres," no
Traditions, no Technocracy. To the people of this world, the
Umbra and the material world are as one. Consider prehistory
aclean slate on which to write mystickal history
Asa Storyteller, center your chronicle on basic themes:
living and dying, building artifacts, surviving winter's onslaught,
fighting huge animals, and so on. In this more primal time, ask
yourselfhow magick functionsandhow it appear. Ismagick more
widespread? How do willworkers use it? How does the power of
belief affect magick's form and limits? What kinds of foc exist? Is
‘magick apart daily life, or sic reserved for dite occasions! How
do the un-Awakened treat willworkers? Does everyone live
together or do mystics keep themselves part? How do people of
this time use language or share customs? What superstitions do
they have? Remember, nobody sits around pondering metaphys-
ics and Hermetic philosophy! Spirits are the eal reality.
Prchistorc stories revolve around finding food, shelter and
the necesstiesofife. Players will find the game more interesting
if their characters have other people to care for — children, the
elderly, even the entire village. Antagonists come in many
forms: prehistoric animals, rival tribes, natural (and spiritual)
forces, even monsters. Imagine a struggle with angry local spirits
in a world where the Umbrood have the upper hand. Or a
scenario fighting the "advanced civilization from the neighbor
ing valley —a tribe with better weapons oF powerful magicks
How can the player characters defeat their enemies and grab
these new discoveries? How might they compromise in a world
where that concept is hard to grasp? Ifyou include Werewolf:
The Apocalypse in your setting, there are the War of Rage and
the Impergium to consider. Can you imagine batling genocidal
Garou forsurvival? For Storytellersand players interested inthe
spirit world, consider an ongoing conflict with one of the
setting's mythic forces, like the Great Serpent or Buffalo Spirit
Inthis ancient age, everyone's a Dreamspeaker to some degree;
the Technocrats, however, trace their beginnings to the first
toolmasters. How might those two groups relate? Or prevail?
Magick is wi and unpredictable in this unshaped word
Difficulties might go as low as Highest Sphere + 1/+ 2/43, and
some spells like Level One Spiri fects) might succeedunderthe

Automatic Success rule (Mage, page 81). All primal magicks
‘would be considered coincidental, though science (even magickal
science) would be totally vulgar, or even unworkable. Paradox is,
simple — things go boom or the spirits rage — but rare. The
"simple" Spheres — Forces, Life, Matter, Prime and Spirit —
would heeasytouse, while more esoteric ones— Correspondence,
Entropy, Mind and Time — might demand higher difficulties or
be out of reach altogether. Ie' hard to use things you don't
understand, and prehistoric mages ae simple folk. Most mysticks
use foci simply because it hasn't occurred to them that they don't
have to;the mighty Wyck, however understand that magick lows
from the will, and may work their Ars without anything more
than that. Perhaps that's why they were so revered — they
transcended what as possible" and taught otherstodothesame.

Mysticksare alwaysdifferent from the people around them,
and they share common experiences across all periods of time
Chapter Two of Mage: The Ascension describes some ele-
ments common to all eras of magick: Awakening, visionquess
enlightenmentand temptation. Use these "landmarks" topuide
your players. Verbena, Cult of Ecstasy and Dreamspeakers
elaborate on the tools and practices of primal magick; Were-
‘wolf: The Apocalypse, Axis Mundi The Book of Spirits and
Garou Saga provise many suggestions foe primitive mood and
flavor. Finally, Ways of the Wolf and Beyond the Barriers:
‘The Book of Worlds present sample atsor prehistoric beasts

"Real-world" references — good ones, anyway —are harder
tofind, Jean Auel, author of Clan of he Cave Bear (als afi) ancl
Valley of the Horses, has written the most accessible tales of
prehistoric culeure, Melvin Konner's The Tangled Wing offers a
more academic yet fascinating look atthe development of intel-
ligence, spirituality and biological destiny fom the dawn of ime
The Naked Ape by Desmond Morris is also useful for Storytellers
who want toexplore the connections between biology, prehistory
and the soul. Although "caveman movies abound, Ques for Fre
is one ofthe few films abour the period worth viewing.

The Ancient World

assical, period of world history ran from
the rise ofthe fist civilizations around 5000 B.C. until the fll
‘of Rome around A.D. 450-500. The former hunter gatherers
settled in river valleys or by the seas to participate in new
learning, building, travel and expansion. Culeure and technol-
‘ogy flourished across the world — Egypt, Assyria, Kush, China,
Japan, Greece, Rome and the Celtic lands are only the most
‘obvious examples

Most of these civilizations valued mysticism and magical
beliefs. Some people, however, looked to early science and
philosophy instead. Mages who worked with scientific tools
began to influence the mystick Arts; after early failures, their
ideas began tocatch hold. Asthe Low Mythic Ages gave way to
the High Mythic Ages, belies began to form "territories" where
cercain paradigms dominated the regions. Although everyone
accepted the reality of what we now call the "supemarural" as
fact, the ways in which they perceived the world shaped the

Chapter Five: Alternate Chronicle Settings 131

I D.LWEDZ

TSS ZZ

IS

forms that "acceptable" magicks could take. A Hind mystick
could work great miracles in the Kush; fe traveled to Britain,
all the rules changed. His Arts became vulgar and harder to
perform. Scientists and Technomancers shaped reality a if it
were bronze, shutting out things that defied their worldview

‘When Rome fell, those paradigms shattered across Europe like
stanves beneath a barbarian's hammer, the courts ofthe Orient
preserved ritual practices (and scientific and magickal para-
dligms) for hundreds of years to come. The boundaries between,
coincidental and vulgar magicks varied wildly throughout che
petiod lok to the myths ofa given eulcure co determine what
isand isnot "acceptable" when you enter this

Thisis, in many ways, the prime age of magick;even so the
Ars become harder t0 accomplish as time goes by. Magickal
dificulties rise from Highest Sphere +1/+2/43 to Highest
Sphere +2/+3/+4 during this period; consider the lower modi
fiers "in force" between 5000 B.C. and 1000 B.C., while the
higher ones cover the more "civilized" times of 1000 B.C. and
1000A.D. Current modifiers (Highest Sphere + 3/+4/+5)apply
to,games set after 1000 A.D. While common beliefs blame the
increasing "stasis" of the world on Technocratic influence, it
‘may have more to do with the number of people in the world
itself than witha single mindset between them. Ifthis theory i
true, thenext millennia mightsee magick become morediffcult
still; there are, by the Moder Era, many times the number of
people as there once were.

Although the World of Darkness was never quite as "wild"
asitsancientmythssuggest, the Classical Erasiloffersaselection
‘of monstroushazardstocontras the usual human opponents. The
creatures weeall Bygonesliveandflourish in emote comersofthe
ancient world, and artificers like Daedalus construct
technomagickal wonders. Your chronicle need not resemble a
Biblical epic; Greek comedies and Arabian tales sugges lighter
tone than history books or Charlton Heston flicks do. The
ancient world is every bit as rich and varied as our own,

‘Youhave plenty ofoptionsfyou choose torunagame inthe
Classical Era: Imagine your troupe strugaing with Moses against
the Pharaoh, marching with Alexander' army oF fleeing before
the Romans. Look to the tales of Cuchulain and Beowulf,
Boedicea and Medea, Gligamesh and the archmage Solomon.
Consider the wilds of Britain, the frozen barbarian Northlands,
themountainsand jungles fold India or the rarefied cours ofthe
Orient. The characters may be Roman warriors, Hindu seers
prophetsof Yahweh or prestesesof Astarte, slaves from Carthage
‘orbull dancers from Crete. Many ofthe world's modem religions
come together during the period, and the old pagan faiths are in
full flower. Stores can run the gamut from intrigue-laden mis-
sions to suteal adventures, from philosophical debates to all-out
wat. Anyandalloftheculturesoftheday offertonsof possibilities.

Books and movies about this period are plentiful. Biblical
‘epics include Spartacus, The Robe, Ben Hher and Masada. Greek
plays like Antigone, The Trojan Women and the Oresta cycle
show thatthere'smoretothisperiod than guysin sandals. While
the Arabian Nights stories come from the later Muslim era, they

132 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

‘often recall the bygone Age of Heroes that every culture has,
Time/Life'sexcellent Great Ages of Man serieshas several books
about the Classical cultures, and every library and bookstore
carries a wealth of books detailing myths and customs of the
‘world. On the game front, The Book of Crafts details
several magickal societies from ancient times, while Vampire:
‘The Masquerade and The Book of Nod refer to the First and
Second Cities of the vampiric Kindred. Finally, Steve Jackson
Games offers a selection of GURPS sourcebooks for Greek,
Roman, Chinese, Arabian and Celtic settings.

The Middle Ages

Feudalism, religious wars and the shggish march of culture
marked the Middle Ages in Europe from about A.D. 500 to 1350.
(lnJapan the feudal period extendedto the 1800s) ThefillofRome
created a vacuum of power and knowledge unfilled for hundreds of
years —atime of upersition and darkness. The Middle Ages were
atuming point for many willworkers, who found thernsclves tom
beeween the old ways and the coming of phlesophy and reason,
Indeed the year 325 brought thebeginningsofthe Ascension War
with the fist gathering ofthe Order of Reason.

Nasty as the Middle Ages might have been, they can be a
rich historical setting for your chronicle. Reality is about to
smake a major shift; why not make the characters a part of i?
Consider the polities and state-building ofthe time: the battles
of Charlemagne, the rise of Byzantium, the Norman Conquest,
the Crusades and the conspiracies of imperial Japan, to name a
few. Combining the prehistory ofthe Ascension War with the
scrapes ofthe times wil Keep your players very buy.

The obvioussource of Wester fantasy, this Medieval period
ims with chronicle concepts. Ever had the urge to rescue the
princess or slay the evil haron? Now's the time todoit. Delighted
bythe sound of sharpened broadswords or Gregorian chants! Let
your players hear them, too. Do the ravages of plague or the
screams ofburning witchesfillyournightmares?Bring them tothe
tableforachilling Mage tale. Turn yourcharactersintokinginakers
like the Earls of Warwick, warriors ike Roland or Richard Cour
de Leon, ladies lke Eleanor of Aquitaine or lowlifes like Falstaff.
‘And then there are the monsters — the dragon, the geifin, the
troll — and the moral structures — king, Church, nobility and
trade—that give the eraitscharm. The Middle Agesare horrific,
heroic, romantic and ridiculous. The possibilities are endless

‘There'snolack ofplacesto go forideas. The Vampire: The
Dark Ages series (including the rulebook, Constantinople by
Nightand the Book of Storyteller Secrets) providesinvaluable
{information for running a chronicle inthe medieval Woe of
Darkness look at the main book's Chapter Eight for an over-
view of mage society. Ars Magicahasloads ofmaterial; Pedagon
from Chaosium deals with Arthurian chivalry and feudal soci
ety; the game's Ireland supplement Pagan Shores is especially
sood for Celie settings. GURPS' Japan and Gold Rush Game's
Bushido are helpful for chronicles in the Far East. Moviewise,
you have some quality and some crap to consider. The single
best film is likely The Lion in Winter, followed by Becket and


Braveheart, the Fox version of Robin Hood (starring Patrick
Bergen), The Name ofthe Rose adarkfantasy setting) the
demented Excalibur. Chinese Ghost Story and San Goku Shi are
goed places to begin for old Chinese chronicles; any of Akira
a's movies, particularly Ran, The Seven Samurai, Yojimbo,
Blood and, of course, Rashamon, are highly recom-
mended for Ja

The Renaissance and Reformation

"Renaissance" literally means "rebirth." This period of
roughly 300 years (1350-1650) marked an improvement over
the Middle Ages. The oppressions of feudalism eased, a new
mide class emerged and trade and technology bloomed. New
science, printing technologies and the gradual decline of di-
vine-right monarchy promised hope to the common folk. The
tin Luther and John Calvin, and the arts gained the genius of
Michelangelo, da Vinci and Giatto, among many others. The
magickal Arts had thei geniuses, too like Francs Bacon, and,
of course, their fools like Dr. Fausus

snese chronicles

Yeethese centurieshad theirhortors,too. The Black Death
hit Europe in 1348; over a quarter of the population died in a
matter of months. Religious and politcal upheaval caused
nearly constant warfare. The first waves of explorers and pirates
terrorized the New World. For mystick mages, the days grew
@ 2 Dope the new: Council of Nine Mystick Traditions

(founded in 1466), the Onder of Reason steadily gained
ascendanee; it stopped the plagues, incited witchburnings and
plumbed the depths of creation to bring back science. The
Mythic Era faded away, ro be replaced by the Age of Reason.
the age isa disaster. Hope fades and magick whichers. The old
‘Ams give way to Church miracles, devileraft and Grand Sci-
ence; witeh hunters kick down doors and drag mysticks ofall
kinds to the torture chamber. The fledgling Traditions come
together only to fall apart. The Order of Reason is winning a
battle barely begun, and the truth is, it benefits marking in its
‘own hygienic way. In the so-called New World, the native
peoples fall to disease, gunpowder and sharpened steel. The
culture war that climaxes in the Old West begins; even the
Council, with its high ideals and kinsh
Affica and the An
rmystick to do? Run? Hide? Fight? Anything
The Order of Reason is having afield day; dis a
the Technomancers' peak of power and respectability.
from the "evil modem Technocrat," the Reason Scholar isa
‘man of good breeding and high intentions. The darkness of
superstition fallsbefore hiscandles and che dragon of ignorance
gets skewered on his sword. The bright days ofthe Renaissance
blind the Order to the things it sets in motion, The lands it
conquersseem fresh and savage compared to the infested world
itleavesbehind. Sadly, thecvilsof that world — piracy, disease,

relegates the mages of

ricas to second-class status, What's a

Chapter Five: Altemate Chronicle Settings 133


fanaticism and greed — follow these brave fellows wherever
they go. Their grand gadgets, maps and clasifications rob the
world of uncertainty and pave the way for exploitation.

Nor that a Renaissance chronicle has tobe a dark affair;
high adventure is the order of the day. Art, courtship and
intrigue attain new heights. The world becomes an open
door for anyone with enough daring, friends and opportuni-
ties. For mages, such things are always close at hand.

The movies are full of inspirational source material:
(Cuchroat Island, The Sea Hawk, The Three Musketeers (1970s
version), Henry V, Stealing Heaven, The Seventh Seal, A Man
or All Seasons, Flesh + Blood, Anne ofa Thousand Days, Lady
Jane, Queen Margot and Orlando are the best of a varied lot.
Several game books, including GURPS' Swashbuckler, TSR's
‘A Mighty Fortress and the Mage historical game, provide
setting details. Renaissance music is easy to find at Renais
sance festivals and in specialty catalogs and music stores, and
itadds a lotto the "gaming room" atmosphere

The Era of Enlightenment

‘Who said the characters have to be Tradition mages! The
Enlightenment, from around 1650 to 1790, was a perfect time to
bea member of the Onder of Reason. Scientific discovery and
rational philosophy became the nor while spiriualcy and
magic fell by the wayside. Within the Onder of Reason, the
Enlightenmententered a perio of hubrisand urmoil,culminat-

134 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

ingin the Victorian Onder' reconstruction asthe Technoeracy
Players who choose to play Techinocrasinthisera have acouple
ofencertaining options: huntrival mystics, play dplomaton the
politcal scene, tr to save the world — or conquer

The irony of course isthat while che scholars and scientists

rationality, a new kind of violence devastates Europe
land suffesa religious and political revolution inthe mid-t0-
late 16005 whiletheolddivine«ightmonarchyinFrancecrumples
in 1789. The New World sain its independence even as Btn
strives to conquer the res of the globe. Inthe East, the Turks
besiege the borders of Christian Europe, Russa tries some new
‘ideas, and China and Japan both grapple wih foreign incursions
‘The Industrial Revolution lysits foundations even as artists
‘thinkers look back tothe Clasical Age for inspiration. All inal
the Ea of Enlightenment is ful of contradictions.

Among the Traditions, life is chaos. Their Arts become
vulgat. The Dreamspeakers revolt. The Akashics withdraw.
‘The Eesatiesparty in dark comers with Hellfire Clubs whilethe
Verbena lick the wounds of periodic witch hunts. The Chorus
and Abl-i-Batin struggle for the moral leadership of the Coun
cil, and the Solificat are long gone. Only the Euthanatos and
the Hermetics seem to prosper, secreting themselves in the
cracks of "enlightened" society and waiting for those cracks to
widen. Offon the fringes, the wild cards that will soon form the
Hleetrodine En ly SonsofEther—toil withthe
toysofthisnew age. Their tar rises inthe Victorian Era butts
Ligh is beginning co show.

yeers— the.


‘This is a time of action, manners, reconstruction and

conquest, of prosperity in Europe, uncertainty in the East and
and Franklin epitomize the ideals of the age. The arts —
‘especially music — reach unforgettable pinnacles, and crusa-
physicians try to purge the healing profession. The Age of
Enlightenment isan age of revolutions; its shockwaves will be

felt for centuries to come.

Magick must be subtle and appropriate to the region;
Europeans have some very setideasof whatisandisn't "possible:
Mest forms of technomagick restill vulgar and the mystick Arts
seem downright impessible unless they work within a low-key

ristian paradigm. Even witcheraftisconsideredsmall potatoes
by those whoadmititsexistence atall. On the "dark continents,
reality i freer, bu stil conforms to local beliefs. A Hermetic
magician on the Ivory Coast is a Paradox magnet, and while a
Chinese sorcerer works miracles in her homeland, shed best be
ulifshe somehow ends up in America

Reading some of the dry period literature is a must to
understanding Enlightenment philosophers' worldviews. Locke
and Rovsseat ate relatively accesible; Isaac Newton isa must for
scientifically oriented chronicles. Fortunately you also have an
excellent selection of films to choose from: The Advennares of
Baron Munchausen, The Horseman on the Roof, The Mision, The
Madness of King George, Rob Roy, The Crucible, Amadeus, Restorae
tion and Dangerous Liason are justa few. Much of the music from

e this perio is heauriful try works by Handel, Mozart and Bach,

Romanticism and the Victorian Era

Academicsoften pinpoint Romanticism' sbeginnings with
an infamous house party hosted by Lord Byron, Among his
guests were Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley and Percy Bysshe
Shelley. The bored guests dreamt up a plan to entertain cach
‘other with horrifying stories; Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley later
went on to publish hers as Frankenstein. Romanticism, which
ran roughly from 1790 to 1830, was in many ways a backlash
against the Enlightenment and the Industrial Revolution.
Instead of rationality, the movement promoted emotion and
wonder. Irpaved the way forthe weied contrastsof the Victorian
Era, which ended in the bloody trenches of World War |

Victoria ruled England (and, by extension, much of Eu
rope) from 1837 until 1901. During her reign the Industrial
Revolution conquered Europe; Europe, in turn, went out to
colonize and control the res ofthe world. New and powerful
‘machines changed everything from textile production to com:
‘munication to travel. People had more leisure time and could
indulge in richer lifestyles. Victoria imposed both a love of
beauty anda strict code of conduct on her subjects. Everything
was right and proper in her empire. Or was it?

Beneath the veneer of Victorian aestheticism and propti
‘ety lurked darkness just read Charles Dickens or accounts of
Jack the Ripper. People suffered from horeible conditions in
factories, and native peoples fell under colonial oppressions
The year 1848 saw bloody revolts in nearly every nation of

‘Chapter Five: Alternate Chronicle Settings 135

I.

TS ZN


IWAN

Europe, including Britain. Occultists, pagans and primitivists
staged revival For Tradition mages this became call to arms
When the Technocratic Sons of Ether defected from the
Technocracy to assume the ninth seat on the Council, the
Traditions tejoiced;theirhappinessended with the departureof
the Ahl-i-Batin in the 1920s

Victorian chronicles provide a lot of options for players.
‘Characters can be Sons of Ether who escape the Technocracy
‘oly to find resentment and suspicion among their new Tradi-
The Dreamspeakers and Ecstatics sufer horribly
during the final years of the colonial struggle and westward
‘expansion, and their rage ignites a fire under their colleagues.
Many Akashics battle English intruders or leave their home-
Jand to see the world once more; along the way, they add new
members and ideas to their ancient Brothethood, The Her-
metic Housesshrugtheircollectiveshouldersinsidetheoccultism
movement, and they get pleasing (and not-so-pleasing) results
Imagine a player's amusement — or disgust — when his
characteris confronted by The Great Beast Crowley, Rasputin
‘or Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.

Ah, yes. Detectives From Poe'sDauphin toDoyle'sSherlock
Holmes, the setting overflowswith men and women seekingthe
hidden truth. This isthe perfecttimeforan Arcanumchronicle,
corone featuring the adventuresofun-Awakened consorson the
fringes of the war. A group of willworkers might investigate
"strange cases" to eam a living; a Hermetic cabal might found
amysticsociety of Sleepers—orerossa Nephandus who'sdoing
the same thing.

Don't ignore happenings in the United States, either
‘Westward expansion provides an opportunity to mix sixguns
with sorcery. The werewolves and Bastet are hip-deep in the
bloody conflicts between Native Americans and white set-
tlers — conflicts that extend way beyond the mortal world
(see Werewolf: The Wild West and its supplements). Guess
which side the Technocrats are on? The Dreamspeakers and
‘an Eestati sect called Los Sabios Locos (sce Cult of Ecstasy)
g0.0n the warpath in the West; the results aren't pretty, but
they sure are interesting.

Whatever type of chronicle you choose, take advantage
courown Victorian style revival that'stouching everything from
playing cards to underwear. The quintessential resource on
Victorian chronicles is Castle Falkenstin. This wonder from R.
alsorian isan innovative and exciting game in its own righ.
‘Among its sourcebooks, Comme Il Faut and Steam Age are
particularly useful. Cohubhu by Gaslight, the alternate setting of
‘Chaosium's Call of Cthulhu, is also excellent source material
‘The weird westerns Deadlands and Werewolf: The Wild West,
and the plainer Westem Hero and GURPS West offer tons of
material to the Storyteller with a cowboy bent.

‘And then there are the movies: Lazy Hamilton, Pride and
Prejudice, Ken Russell's Gothic, and Immortal Beloved are good
films for the Romantic period. Merchant Ivory films, such as A
Roomwitha View, The Age of nnocence or Angelsand Insects, and
the Jeremy Britt Sherlock Holmes series, are good forthe latter

136

The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

partof the century. Hammer Studio's horror films and Ameri
can International Pictures' Poe flicks depict a darkside of the
era, asdo Bram Stoker's Dracula, The Seven-Percent Solution and
any numberof Jack the Ripper films. Westerns comprise one of,
the most popular film (and literary) genres of alltime; Dances
With Wolves, Lice Big Man, The Unforgiven, Stagecoach, Red
River, The Wild Bunch, A Fisflof Dllarsand The Good, The Bad
ar The Usty ae fine starting points. Romantic Era composers
include Beethoven, Wagner and Schubert; Tchaikovsky,
Rimsky-Korsakov and Strauss are among the best-known mu:
siciansofthe ate 1800s For ceading tr the wrtingsof Ambrose
Bierce, H. Rider Howand, Stephen Crane, H.G. Wells, Edgar
Allan Poe Jules Verne, Charlotte Bronte, G.B. Shaw or Robert
Louis Stevenson. Oh, yeah, and those poets, too—y'know, like
those Byron and Shelly guys.

The Roaring ‘20s and the
Depression

{In many ways the 19205 was an age of fools. The motto of
the times was "Eat, drink and be merry"; World War I conjured
up horrors beyond imagining, and folks wanted to forget.
Despite prohibition and religious fervor, the 1920s brought
violence andchange. Women'ssuffrage, gangster Wa
nism and unrest in colonized lands wrecked the remnants of
Victorian stability. Occultism became chic for some and dia:
bolical for others. When the boom went bust in ‘29, the world
went to hell. Bad crop years added to the insult. Despite hard
workand innovate governmentprograms,theleantimesdragged
‘on until the beginning of the next war

‘The post-war yearsare pretty unstable for the Awakened.
By the time we reach the ‘20s, the Council has gained a lot of
its old strength, fed by the vitality of the Etherites and the
resurgence of the Hermetic and Verbena Arts. The Ecstatics get
theircollectivehouse inorder, buit'sinsadshapeuntilthe'50s;

ous backlash as a forum for their own
the Dreamspeakersand Ahl--Batin arc inn
their homelands decimated by outside incursions. The Subtle
‘Ones leave the Council entirely afterthe war, and the shamans
and Euthanatos regroup in what's left of their homelands.
‘Among the Technocrats, rust wavers the Electrodine Engi
neers are gone and their compatriots, the Difference Engineers,
displayan arrogant attitude, World War | has seen the first ull
scale deployment of technolog and the results leave
even the mast loyal Technocratsdismayed. Like the Council of
Nine in the Renaissance, the new Technocracy hesitates,
stunned. In the pause, their rivals sre...

‘Over the last few centuries, the Nephandi have grown
strongand plentiful; conquest, industralization, revolution and
alltheangersandillsthat went witheach have spread corruption
sothickly thatthe Fallen can practically lick t from theiefinger.
If you choose to run a chronicle in this seting, remember that
Nephandi are everywhere. Why not build a chronicle in which
the Fallen or other dark powersare the great enemy? How about
scenarios in which Tradition mages and Technomancers must

al arms


LL.

S

7

cooperate or perish, Don't forget that the 1920s are the age of
Lovecrafian horror, too; that country estate in rural New
England could be crawling with unspeakable "guests"

Stories from thisperiod needlassic bits ganesters flapper,
prohibition and glty lifestyles. A Syndicate-Giovanni cross-
‘over game might be fun. Characters could be members of these
two groups, allied against all comers — including the local
‘vampire prince. An Eestatic-based chronicle might center in
the Gadsby-esquesocal circles, dipping below the obvious vices
to reveal the Infemal taint undemeath. Pulp stories featuring
wild adventures and two-fsted heroes are natural playgrounds
{for Sons of Ether and their brave consors (see Sons of Ether's
Prelude story). And then there'sthe tale of the lone apprentice,
sent byhermentortoretrieveacoupleofbooks fromacrumbling
‘mansion on the Boston outskins. You and your troupe can have
all kinds of fan before — and after — the Great Depression.

The works of H.P. Lovecraft, Robert E. Howard, Dashell
Hammett and F. Scot Fitegerald are great inspiration for 1920s
chronicles; Chacsium's Call of Cchuhu line offers a wealth of
source material about the petiod, and Archon Games' Noir
presents a splash of gangster lavor. Ifyou can find it, HERO
Games' classic Justice Ine. offers a treasure trove of settings and
ideas for Pulp Era games, For mood music, ty Irving Berlin, the
Gershwins, Scot Joplin or Robert Johnson (or better yet, yall
of them). On the film front, check out The Maltese Falcon,
Miller's Crossing, Chinatoum, The Razor's Edge, Scarface (the
original, not the 1980s remake), The Untouchables, His Gil
Friday and Elmer Gantry

The Big One

‘The War. The War. Oh, yeah. World Wer Il and the years
surrounding it are perhaps the mos fertile setting a Storyteller
could want. Source material is everywhere, and the events are
recentenough tocarryapunch today. Dependingon which way
you want to go, you could present a rip-roaring pulp adventure,
a dark war chronicle, a beat-the-devil Na-bash or a heroic
story about hope, renewal and the difficulties of both.

Lee'stalkaboutthe period foramomene, shall we? Afterthe
first great wat, the industrialized world was reeling. Sudden
prosperity in the United States collapsed as the stock market
‘crashed; crime and poverty rushed in to fil the vacuum. Other
countries were left burying their dead and rebuilding their
morale after the first war, Some nations ike France, England
and the US., wanted to be left alone; others, like Russia,
Germany, Italy and Japan recovered their pride in sweeping
nationalism, building powerful satesat other peoples' expense
A series of small skirmishes" cured to all-out war by the end
of the ‘30s. The United States tried to avoid the mess, but by
1942 everyone was involved.

The Awakened in this period

are no exception. The

Nephandi make their move worldwide. The Traditions and
Technocracy split along national and ideological lines, some
siding withthe powerful Axis, others withthe Allied nationsor
with those caught in between. The horrorsof war providea great

smoke sereen for a rash of supematural clashes and Infernal
summonings. The Fallen call many dark allies across the barr
ers feeding them mortal souls and Awakened pawns. The
Tapestry starts to unravel until a bref coalition between Tech:
nnoerats and Couneil mages disrupts a huge summoning in
Berkenschoss, a German castle near the Black Forest. Many of
the most powerful mages on all three sides die in a huge battle
‘which obliterates the fortress and several surrounding towns in
1943. The greatest Paradox storm in history is said to have
carted the combatants away; to date, no one has found the
Realm they might have created. Some people claim the Ma-
rauders are involved, but no records remain.

In series of brutal fights and purges, the Fallen are driven
down and out. Survvorsfle beyond the Gauntlet orgo deepinto
hiding. A monumental ritual seals the Gauntlet, strengthening
it against later attacks. The Void Engineers and Sons of Ether
‘cement the protection witha line of attack satellites orbiting the
Earth. The alliance falls apart immediately thereafter, leaving
the Traditions stronger and the Technocracy weakened. The
Viral Adepts defect son afterward. Things have been geting
stranger ever since. Welcome to the modern world.

Thereare more movies aboutthiserathan we ould posibly
name; some of the better ones include Raiders ofthe Lose Ak,
(Casablanca, The Eagle Has Landed, The Big Red One, Saboteur,
(Grapes of Wrath, Indiana Jones andthe Last Crusade, Bridge om the
RiverKuai, The Rocketeer, The Tin Dram, OpenCiryand Schindler's
List. Books abound, from the tales of Jobn Steinbeck to military
histories, fom Golden Age comic books to The Diary of Are
Frank. Source about the years between the War and our own
time should be obvious, asshould the parameters ofcoineidental
and vulgar magick. Game books include the silly but helpful
Golden Ageof champions (secondedition), West Ends The World
of Indiana Jones and its sourcebooks, and the Wraith supplement
‘Charnel Houses of Europe: The Shoah

Cyberpunk and the Near Future

‘While Harlan Ellison, Philip K. Dick and Anthony Bur-
ess laid the groundwork in the °60s and ‘70s, the cyberpunk
revolution took hold somewhere in the ‘80s. Writers like
William Gibson, Brace Sterling and Lew Shiner led the way;
ParCaligan, MelissaScott,SpiderRobinson, Michael Swanwick
and a host of other greats carried it into the 1990s. For a time,
‘eyberpunk was the genre for writing and gaming; ye, 28 Orson
Scott Card wrote in 1991, the movement was "virtually over"
before it had begun. So many new writers merely wanted to
imitate these cyberpunk pioneers that things gor stale and soon
«ground to a halt: The point of this lit review is that you the
Storyteller should take a chance. Do something new and
different with the genre. Consider the Mage-cyberpunk cross-
over and create a new reality

The common elements of cyberpunk are probably familiar
enough from Digital Web and Virtual Adepts: high-tech
computers, wetware, corruption ofthe body through biotech
"improvement," and so on. Where did the explosion of eyber

Chapter Five: Altemate Chronicle Settings 137

ISS Zi

NO All

technology come from? Consider having a ne
\wetware show up in your story; perhaps your characters will be
the ones who discover its Nephandic origins. Pethaps the
Traditions have won the Ascension War, but now a faction of
Vireual Adepts takes control. They want to improve" human-
kind, yet hubris drives them to extremes. You could set the
battles between the Virtual Adepts and their fellow Traditions
(orthesurviving Technocrats) in an Umbral eyberrealm, oron
dark streets and in alleyways amidst a technological black
market. Maybe the Technocracy gets its wish and transforms
the world into a gleaming metropolis — with a rusted under-
belly. Things always havea way of working out bent, especially
in the World of Darkness, and as we know, any sufficiently
complex reality brea

The authors cited above are a good place to stat your
research; add Simon Hawke (Psychodrome), Neil Postman
(Technopely), Dan Simmons (Hyperion and The Fallof Hyperion)
and Noam Chomsky to the list. R. Talsorian's Cyberpunk and
FASA's Shadow, plus all their sourcebooks, are excell
gaming resources. Shadownan, in particular, details the combi.
‘nation of magic and technology. GURPS also has a number of
supplements; the best is perhaps GURPS Peionics. Magazines
like Wired, Mondo 2000 and Permission have a great cyberpunk
look and feel in both articles and ads. Movie inspirations
include Bladeranner, both Terminator films, Total Recall, Sange
Days, Hackers, The Crow, Robocop, Akira and Appleseed. The

ss down sooner of later.

138

The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

Borg of Star Trek: The Next Generation and First Contact
‘exemplify usthow dangerousrampant eybertechnology can be.

Ascension War Apocalypse Now

What would happen if the Ascension War tore reality
apart? What if the Umbral Realms no longer provided an
escape? Say no one emerged on top after the magickal batt
to end all battles. What would the world be like then? And
what about the Wyrm and Antediluvians that haunt the
other creatures' nightmares? Ify enterprising Story
teller with a passion for doom and gloom, this fallen world
is the sexting for you.

Like prehistori icles, many post-apocalypticsce-
narios would focus on mere survival. What ended up
destroying civilization — nukes, disease or some unknown
horror? Are vestiges of this force still around? Have the
characters seck out other scattered willworkers; set the
story around rebuilding society from the ground up. An.
agonists could include competitors, powerful crazies or
nightmares from the mages' own souls.

‘And then there's the tragedy of truly Greek propor
tions: The players' characters cause the apocalypse
themselves. Perhaps they were low-level Technomancers
who unwittingly let loose a nuclear horror or deadly virus.
Maybe they were sorcerers who made a literal Devil's deal
with Infernal powers, and were left to rot on a dying world.
{could be that some seemingly innocent thing set a chain


7

of events in motion, events that led co Gehenna or the
Apocalypse (see the climax of The Chaos Factor). Now
‘what? How do you rebuild the world — or apologize to the
survivors if you've done the damage?

Another bittersweet option is for the characters to be
freshly Awakened in thisnightmare. They know nothingof
True Magick; Tradition mages would call them Orphans,
bur there are no Tradition mages left. Your ragged band
might be secking rumors of reclusive sorcerers who can
teach them. Meanwhile, they have no idea how to shape
reality and unknowingly wreak harm wherever they go.
Post-holocaust tales are really bleak, but they offer an
‘opportunity to start from scratch — if you're lucky

In the World of Darkness, the threat of ultimate
desteuction isa sword of Damocles hanging over the Earth.
In other games, like Kult, Twilight 2000, The End and
Rapeace, the worst has already happened — or is in progress
as we speak. A Canticle for Leibowitz, The Stand, Lucifer's
Hammer and Brave New World are probably the best known,
post-apocalypse novels, f you want to accurately describe
the horrors of nuclear or biological warfare, check out any
armed forces medical or tactics manuals. The genre also has
plenty of films like Wizards, Threads, A Boy and His Dog,
Mad Max, The Road Warrior, 12 Monkeys, Planet ofthe Apes
and The Quiet Earth to feed your morbid curiosity

Screw With Time

‘Are you genuinely ambitious? Do you have plenty of
time on your hands (no pun intended)? Are creative juices
rampaging through your system like testosterone in a 16-
year-old kid? If so, consider rewriting the history of Mage
and creating @ one-of-a-kind chronicle that really rocks.

First, think about your point of departure: At which
points in history do you plan to make radical changes?
Perhaps the Mythic Age never ended and the Order of
Reason never came into being, Maybe the Traditions never
‘came together. Maybe the Nephandi won World War II
afterall. Take advantage of "what if" scenarios and decide
con what day the Earth really changed and why.

Next, extrapolate a bit. Think how your point of
departure affected subsequent history. Ifthe Order of Rea-
son and the Traditions weren't around, for example, who
was! Ifthe Mythic Age continued, how is society different?
What'sitlike tohave magick and mythical beasties floating

around? Write out your alternate timeline and fill in as
many gaps as possible about culture and technology. Don't
skimp on thisstep! Youneed a firm grounding in the past to
make your alternate world believable.

Finally, detail the present. What are the characters'
driving goals? What forces oppose them? Are they minor
figures in a world where everyone knows True Magick? Or
are they a rare breed, persecuted and fearing for their lives?
‘As you build the chronicles setting, think about the sorts,
of scenarios and plots you can work into the timeline.

"Alternate world" books and movies are somewhat
scarce. The films Cast a Deadly Spell and Witchhunt depict
1940s America where magic is common practice
Television's best examples are Brisco County Junior and
Wild Wild West. Randall Garrett's Lord Darcy books and.
stories combine Victorianna with the "seience" of magic
and private investigation. Other useful books include Gene
‘Wolfe's New Sun series, Simon Hawk's Wizard of 4th Street
and Time Wars chronicles, Orson Scott Card's Prentice
Allin series and Robert Heinlein's Time Enough for Love
and Job, Comedy of Justice. James Burke's The Day the
Universe Changed provides good ideas for departure points.
‘The greatest inspiration for such games, however, is your
own imagination — and sheer guts.

A Final Word:
Too Much Sugar Spoils
the Fudge

Spend time developing your alternate settings. Do your
homework and get your players to watch the movies that
inspire you. Ifeooking a full-course medieval dinner gets you
in the mood to run the Chronicle of the Black Death, go for
it! But keep thisin mind: No matter whether you write a500-
page dissertation for your setting or simply wing it based on a
couple of notes, that setting is only as good asthe story and
characters within it. It'seasy —way tooeasy —toletasetting
overpower the characters; a good setting, though, should
enhance the story, not bury it. Work creatively with your
‘material and, as alays, tlk co your players. Find a balance
between setting and saga. Setting sapicture frame. The tales
the thing

Chapter Five: Altemate Chronicle Setings 139

NA

ISS ZZ


Chapter Six:
Observations
from the Field

If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe

in, Ihave plenty of doubts of my

— Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

Thunderbird's wings swept across the city sky.

To others, the wings might look like clouds, but

reckoning in the sky, a promise of harsh storms

" and more to follow, The city folk scuttled home,

BENE 100 busy to watch the sky for wisdom. | used to

e ¢ belie that, mused he shaman. I'm glad woke
‘you'd see storm clouds with angry faces, hear war cries in the

triple-locked doors, securing themselves against a dozen kinds of
storms. The rain and wind were the last things they feared.

Thunderbird's waming shook the sleping city. People
marveled at the strength of the storm, but paid it lice mind
Michael watched sadly from a distant mountain. This storm
right pass, true, but there were always others, growing worse
every year until the very Earth rose up against the city's proud
lide children. "Clutch your toys while you can," he whispered.
Recess is almost over, kids, and you're about to fail the

Running a chronicle is nota solitary activity. Neither
is writing a book about same. The observations offered in
this chapter go beyond Mage's world and encompass good
games in general. Take them for what they're worth; like
the observations in Chapter Two, they're opinions, not
Holy Writ (or worse still, rules!)

Enjoy

Chapter Six: Observations from the Field 141

ID.

ZZ

ID. WOH,


Gender, Sex and
Gaming

Much of reality — the welfare system, war, the social roles
ordained for women and men —are created collectively and can
only be changed collectively.

— Starhawk, The Spiral Dance

By Deena McKinney

{Developer's Note: Deena made her "official mark on
Mage with the chronicle of Clarissa Ryan in the second
edition rulebook. Since then, she's been a Whi
regular. Her actual experience with the game
much further, and can be found in a quasifictional form in
Chapter One. As 2 longtime gamer, writer and feminist
(oooh, thar evil word!), Deena hasa few things tosay about
gender roles, sexuality and the gaming table.]

I could easily write an entite book on men and women
in gaming, The topic dredges up issues of romance, sexism
and communication. How do you deal with romantic en-
tanglements? What kind of gender miscommunications
cropupin gaming? Where —and how—can youdraw lines
before things get messy? Let's talk

‘We'll have to keep things short and sweet —sex isan
endless topic. Keep in mind that I'm just hitting the tip of
an enormous iceberg, and that my comments are broad and
general. As with most informatio
Storyteller, along with your player
best for your chronicle. Hopefully
food for thoug!

is is some bittersweet

Partners

Let' face facts: While the gaming industry is rapidly
and mercifully changing, men still outnumber women in
this hobby. Women often get involved in gaming just to
spend time with their significant others. Yet with a litle
consideration, these "buddies" can end up being among the
best players in a chronicle. And lest I sound sexist (Moi
bastion of feminist causes? Never!), let me point out that
the reverse is also true. Sometimes men get involved in
games because their female significant others are players or
Storytellers. And to cover all the bases, don't forget the
possibilities of men having male significant others and
women having female significant others. We live in a
complex society. Diversity isthe norm, not the exception,
so don't leave gay gamers out of the picture.

This brings up a couple of issues for Storytellers. How
do you treat a player's partner? How do you handle the
chronicle ifplayer romances go sour? For starters review the
options for new players. Has "the buddy" ever gamed
before? If not, invest some extra time in teaching her,
passing on not just the rules but the whole concept of
leplaying. Run a solo game for her so she can lear the


KZ |!

(~-TEXS

GL Pry aypwoy suoneawsgg xg radetp
ypeu> soumawios ‘papnjaur goshw ‘idkeyd yesoqu) pue
‘eens ‘pousnySiyua sou aya ung "soured wo !3edwt
sioyp aaa] eipau pur jooyss ‘sqyaey Jo soouony py
© yo u9q anoge peg 003 29) 3.u0p pUy "EHO! 112
1U029q AyMOjS sig SONA PUT sua "SyP0}9 SiNpLNG
238 sho sop pue sy 20e] 208 sic" 20) yard pue
1.UoP sexu Jenxas YBRowpY oMAAsOD [eI905 st puck
xp si ey pUas pte xosy0 729IgnsJeorss0ath yp NOge

a$e$$eg ong pue yuld

preauaye a8uey> 14%
Sump 2eyp azeme ag "uayp uoag -aotoyp s.z94eid porjnesse
op Sat ss2jun soypo¥onye uonenns axp ploae 994 9nIq
srodyjd axp ain soiew ayp ssnosip pur fejozaumwo9 eon ano
‘Sunaod siyp ay Burypauios asu9s Nos yf 942405 Aygyssod
— soo ype premod 3]2s04 9q pInom siaseyd om ay
oq wed Noss eyperg ade Ja‘IENEYD 14 pey Yay jf AaNEaT
(0) swe3 ay wo puesnno ayeIper axaiueD feUOND} &
uy uaao 498un Aaup s8uyjaay.ay "001 uHa04yslon NU ay, Soyp
ang ‘shewresp aze uonesojour puw advy "Aes IUALa}Ip v UE
asnf ‘sorzeney> 294 ose yjam se zaKyjd axp o2 suoddey a
24 — ayerstus ou oyeut puy "FurMo> sem y>ene 342 apt
ou pey sa4ejd ayp jt 08 auow uaaa "Azors atp Suninp 194 02
vaddey n aney or soqpoue auinbs.a poder sem s9asesey> 194
yp no autod z94ejd v aaey o Sunp uo sj ;puerstopunN
4,09 Ud Is0UI JeLP UDUION JO} yBlom v s9]ULED I>9IGns
34,1 "dno3 ano ur siadeyd ayeuray aay no4 jt ann AypeIo0dso
SUSI. "sdyspuany nok 2 pue — au anof o2 a¥ewep
snouss op ue> ‘yjue siakejd v rsurede Aqjeroads> *2]qP
uve aya on 3 ‘yffnous peg st Aatjeaa ayy "syynesse
enxas ano Su6ojd proae ‘sounds Aasees 94H} NOM S89pUP)
auodaano 10) wry 94 pynoys
1 ang "uny oaey o2 st aaraoamp suid sSuED ,-}HeM->
4198040 400q-2n]q ¥ Ut "4e919 BUEN op UEDNOA SuipaLH
ump [ang "au si snp "Aapy, "hes pu apise siaseyd axp,
27e7 01 preye aq 3,uoq yo passid aq on qe 5 suoHSsed 91
-seoyp s1oKe|d Jays0 oma ssounIM 0} Afaro.UE YooaDON sng,
e Suunp Sem Buoy & aap som auosMIO ‘s]NYS 11942 Jo
ano posoq 9q plnow siaKvjd soyp0 ayp ase s9>ueY> "2]>1U
‘weansureur yp jo ued se (x98 2yguano 10) uoRaNpes
{aut Jo uorss9s e Aepdaqor 01 paruem (2uC) 22xdey) wos)
{psy pu eypeag ‘2jduuexa.op's]"ajouaa ese sues axp w03}
deme oui 2463 UeD souRiiOL J9xDeRRY2-or-s919RIY)

ppaisod nos daay pue diysuomejay ap
4009-an|g 20 UNO s}ayp Uo Avydapor 1 S194 Moye *AseOUN.
ok saojet aouEWor s91>eIey> JO DPI a]oyM axp Hu dans
1 Apeas aq ou p ‘ouy ‘year suiaas uny 242 3] SuONE AY
{ypns uo ao ue daay os ‘siakejd 19410 Uo saueape aw0>
-jawun 2Yeu 02 ss2uEWOS JaIDeIeY>-ur 98n ays sI9he|A
2wog "diay 10) S4se pur pausrearyp 40 paos909 s]29} 19hej
‘uo ssopun a1apromuy 3,uoqy "woys 29] ‘aun pod e Buraey,
are srakepd oma ay 3} *(2]duiexs 204 oa sexeyp aqeuyjoceyd
ajeus © yAta apnyrarur ue Sulaey ra12eey> speuayahryd
jew e) sour s9puss sossou> aouemes 242 Ajeroadso—uny
Jo 20] 894 wed 9] ;oouEWoI JaDeEYD-UT UE MOge TEU,

AUSHa}PUeD [en].

saisea yonua sBuryp sayeur stuyj99j §940Ku949
on aamisuas Sunmewas pue uado sour] UonesTunuNHO>
Surda0y, ang "uorsun wos aary 01 3uI08 93,n0, "sweaLAd
‘ur wot 0231 uonuaUL xa: Jo MOY UF aaneAsuOM AGU
-auoyuooun ‘Aes am joys 298 Koya Apsonp ajdaoo wou aq
spaye 1,uop weYp auIeH ay yo sisadse Uo areUD2uOD *4][8
-nse> puv Ajisea sSunp (pis yeac] -2>uewos SuNwESSOIg 24
| Je9p 84g & you 2,Uop "appfuosyp ayp Ut 294eId w Kpooy st
S9UDIU 940] 9U 9Up JT "S4UN]99j $1940} Plo axp aun Ajfeas
eu pur siaAyjd soypo ayp of ste} 10u §,3f "Ap UaZOy LUN
38921}, uop 2enfa}Aass .94H|d Mau axp MOU 0198 SpIIgDAO|
su atp 20} aumed-ayed v umy-2}>ruory 942 Jo saquioW apy,
‘euog slowoonau Bunyew 210}99 ssoueseadde asans dn 39530
sra1sereyp.a]}pKuoig woxp URISse suDkeyd mou SUEMpONUE
Jo ze 94,004 jf "(UG JondeyD 298) aaheyd sau s9y.0
Suc aso 94 se 31qmou axp 28943 O11 2DHApe AY [wes ay
‘uy a8 940} pjo ays aprys Aejd or stuem oy asazaILH 940}
‘mau wsey Ajuappnssia4oyd axp Jo2u0 91 opnos op 224
{e9pt peg e Ayqeqord s| pamde>
288 ynog yptys ur oeUDDs € 10 9uNeS-ated e otpoUe 3u0.02
Ajaaisnj>xo y]e2 01 2xey Aoxp yor ur suonenats oaUT WON,
2ou03 3,4oq "3>eds [euosiad 11942 ouyapar puke sues 242
oquy ypeq 9p9s 02 a>ueyp w ajdnoa sup sani sty, "siouNIEd
x 9ip Uo Uetp iaypes siojd pu s12exEYD Z94p0 UO sN>0)
yeyp soueua2s ma} ¥ aang "UoRDNU! UO SIKH] UNO
snatp aps éygeqgord jp uonsenb ut soXejd oma au "sun
{ypnd 0p "heyd on iu as Aayp aproap ajdood ys0q j}
po[nias aany sony] ssoKeyd ayy uayas wunras uoxp ‘sUrys9g
20 sisonb uo 08 s1>}>esey> 24Py 01 YBNOUD Asea sa] "SOYSTAL
‘sty apadsou "ino atoq 01 siuwa (SoudDWOS Y20q 0) BUDDHIOS
JL Paupa¥on Axjd 01 Buynunuo> snoge 199} Kayp ROY Woy
py sured aypsiraye nds sioys Moy inoge ype 02 8uyyE 99
Siqeqoud 1.4242 os 4 ;siauzed yioq o1 auerodus 2poruory>
a0 5] "uaaid ese siya a2 3,uop ang -9]>{uoAYy>e 40} NsesIp
[Pas ued a1 "Sanjossip siakeid omg usose9q diysuone|>T
Banos op soouewos pure ‘9sun09 yo "weWNY Ife 24.2
<dnou axp o1 sjasioy rom 01 29UEYD
294 2418 pu rojd Burodtuo yp oyu aoaseLeyD Jay 9Ava%
‘Ayjeu "siaKeld soy.0 ayp wos ainssoxd anoynm sodor

mama


‘mean? Just think about the way we speak. Women tend to
tse qualifiers like "you know" or "I was thinking maybe,"
whereas men do not (again, keep in mind these are general
trends, not absolutes). Women see conversation asconsen
sus, whereas it's competition for men. Men tend to cut
women off more frequently than they do each other, and
women don't usually respond critically co such intereup.
tions. Women do take issues like slavery, murder and
sexuality more seriously than their male counterparts; an
event that seems like h guys might
cheap or degrading to the gals. Your players' own personal
ties determine what they like, but those personalities
themselves come, in part, from socia

ond the obvi

tion. And c
ofunat
can realy ruin a game and lead to hard feelings. For
ading (and if you want to check out the
research), I suggest Mary Field Belenky's Women's
Ways of Knowing and Deborah Tannen's You Just Don't
Understand. These books don't condemn anyone, they G
simply offer suggestions about improving communica- ¢

hed men (or vice versa)? Such messiness

Homosexuality

So what about alternative lifestyles? Can homosexual
romances cause tension in a game? Of course they can!
Beyond the obvious social quirks about such things (which
may of may not be worth challenging, depending on your
troupe), there are the greater issues of romance as a whole
Any time you have ewo people — fictional or otherwise —
who love each other, there's g
ence does it make
1n? Everyone squabbles
groceries. The kind of stress that result
in love with whom,

volves twomen

If everybody's cool with an alternative relationship
(becween players,
problems outside
many people still

ce. Unfortunately
subject. Like I said
those issues could be brought into perspective in the game:
Maybe a strong, reliable characteris secretly gay; perhaps
the friendship between two close friends blossoms into
something more than either party had expected. Handled
well, such elements can enrich a story way past its usual
limitations; fumbled, they can reinforce every prejudice
you can imagine. Set events in motion if you feel your
troupe can handle them, but don't ignore objections and
force relationships into the story. Forcinga sexual situa

144 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


Stl

Pll yz way suoneaasyg :xig sadeyr

‘uorsiaaqar wo ‘s190d pue sraysea ‘siuazed ano wo4} s]002
Yypns ,95n, 01 moy urea] 2/4 ;pOM axp aasam hem ay aUYIP
sidaou09 2504 | ae 4}1e9 4394 emo] soogra pueswianied 101
-aeyog ‘waisks anjes sing ‘aStenue sazmjno no Jo 70U
‘use| 2X "2eMp aBueY> 1m 9uTeU Z9YIOUR Aq 2604 eFUN}]e>40
Yunowe ou pue ‘st 1 sMes auo{9A9 asnED9q 2801 8st 3800 Y
em zejrus © uy sjoquids aures atp sasn sn punoze 2u0kI989
‘sajna Jo aonpoud wv AjaHue] s} asenduey sou sty

susis
ojul seapy 'sydoou0D oul spoofqo

jaamod sr942 190} soa
sey {Ap9exD ‘Opas peASHBEU v st Tey Ng PHEW Loyd
-u9 03 s2}{as Jo Aaataea v asm saltew "yseoydayy-ey wOYg
ayp jo saureu 2) a4p.40 uospyne> saddo> w ur pasapuad poo}
‘ypueq yeo Ue Uo posses souns yom 19424,

Lato aay 94 pproys Ay ‘aIaTY
© sey aitew yy {1903 due pod 1ey,Ay ;1204 Aue pooL 3,u0p
[.swrepp oy dno anos ur siadeyd asoxp Jo au0 aaey nok
Jt Alpersadsa ino Suypsoy> yom axe yprsieus uy aoueDy te
‘is araqp pu sjoquids anoge suopeaiasgo sipy "aBeyy Mou
ue nym) fo > ‘wosiospuag "uayrydany apy suEdS LOM
Sip] "Sowa Jeortioem smouy ssoy :aI0NY s,tadopanaqq]

soess] ssoy hg

vbnog upper) 2y 1 9224 "9 somef ig —

22unSIp v 1 2y30
4209 wo 290 01 anuzUoD J24R0 Y>HE YIM FMD UW UDRg 29H0 any
pryen sSuya aya "puoves ‘pun''>yy saanpoud 2) ay "831
‘mi onus sanjasuiay) 39}0524 01 punof aq Kyqoqaud em poseg,
1 Bow yonn uo 3ySnoyp fo sadiutud ays askqoun aM fp

243 SPU OU UI

342,u0q ‘Sunpurrssapun pur Sunwouy jo shom mau 02 Yoo]
sadinoaiais aup seneyg :a]duns st aolape Buisoy> Ap
{yo aaypo ypea Suman>
sipkeyd axe 4g) jvads 01 souvy> [enbs ue 198 suoKIDAD
s20q seouatuas stoyp ar9jdwo> ajdoad og "suonseiatut
aup 01 uonuane Avg "aded oapla 40 oIpne Uo sures anos
plosay jansst ue aBtensuy 3s12s s| ‘oun oup 30 0 21 d294,
‘on stodeyd ayp fa) Aytayy nq Aypury (won sensp e (Buryaou
ano-]Je 40) uoReUTY sf -wa}goud w sar fe Moy siake}d
say20 aU auns YEU pur ‘uoREMAS ay anoge sa} ays
40 24 04 ano puny ‘ausap Jo 2afgo oy 01 Bury J2pIsUO-
{{esian 916 30) Jahe|d sjeu ajos ax uo HURT UawOm
tp jpe 22Y "Poo BuIBuuug 40 Suraup suum dye 02 siake|d
SY {S9pu 40 SPVUS aplacid o2 UEWOM ay SuNDadx>
skn8 oui auy -Aforerpourun Zunpowos op *poz|>en80 #u10q
Jo 3eay so} 11 anoge Je1 02 aueionjas suua2s pue pakouue
uma s,suoamos pt ‘auy "ddey siuaas suotiona 3] "sdiys
-uonejas pur sturjaay s9]doad Jo arene aq ‘2x9 "siake|d
aeuiay pue aye yenbs sey reqp sure w ut somay aq 02 par
sajqnon zepuas pu xag jsiakejd matt owios 3unmna203 42 10u
‘Sys ‘soo ayp 40 x98 940 yo souepungesaao ue aaeY NOK J]
‘jure oA uy ones x95, a¢p JapIsuOD 'sH1g {wy MOgE OP
os op 2eyas ang "owes e UF osu UeD IPL SUID] Goud parejas
~apudd pue -x2s ay Jo vopt [es0Ua8 w aaLY NOS OS

dteUM MON

1a se onsst
24} apuey adnon snok 22} ‘spuey snok yo ano s.au0 sIy,
spuaty a]geuojwooUn srays Jo OY} UL sayRO Y>eD 19A0
J] ajdnoo awes reyp axey o2 aandnusip Ajjenba aq pjnom 31
194 "euoRUDAUODUN seaK 17 asned9q IsNf drysuORE=H 3toKp
Je2ou09 a2 agdnoa  aox0j 01 Asno| Ayfeax aq pjnow a] "YOR
-ona}s ayp uo adnon aip jo 1s9u 942 ano punos ‘diysuonejar
spi9esey>-Uy UP aAzY O1 3ueEN PUE Kes ane siadeyd ap
‘yoneuati0 uodn 43,03
puadap Ajaues susp asoyp pur suonours pue suoneanow
sey auosiaag "ajdoad aze — agtauatpo 20 19 '4e8 — apdoad
weap saquiouias ‘step 2512 |] MD 2q pIHOM SCT PHA
(dnou3 ayn ur reiserey soypoue us4o 10) saisexeyD s,.a4ejd
eB e Bunsojuy aamisuasuy parepisuos aq pino2 1u2pIou
‘yp "uatp ua ‘sioyseg aqp ysext 01 Aarumysoddo we wut sa413
pene yp ssopun payytuoy 2q aysiu payseq sia mde
804m s94ujd Ae "35n 02 awloY 02 260]2 002 3p B.TY O8fe
spafgns arog ‘apeur ag on sured es,au94p ssaqun saxkuoasais
poae on vapr poof w 5.21 Ajsnorsgo, jonuo9 Ur, so4ujd Aue
satay yi uaa ‘sodaoaraas suesoult 030 yey Ase WED (>
spjjandiog pur sasejd) sinexey> keg) ip|pauuoag aya pur
‘iotoezeyp ayp ‘9[aquoryo aya oF 3O1MUaSeIp & st SPYDND 9},
ue .yping, o1uy auo{ua49 Sunedo}22— drystino> Sunysne2s
"ys woneumwLDstp — sooudUadxa UOUTUOD aABy sTEAXIA,
ue shed Jo io] YBnowpjy "Fus6ejdajos s,ra4eyd ayp ovut
[poyom aq 01 pjnoys uonequsyo s,jorsesey> e"AeIMEN,
2]qnon 204 Suryse st a1qoydowoy st uonsanb wi sokejd a4
43108 Buiop ‘eapt peg v st ax 96Ney> sty Ysnonp s9Ke}d © LO


music and books, and from millions of unknown chance
encounters. Reality can be described as consensual because
everyone around us consents £0 use the same tools to
comprehend reality. The people of a particular culture
don't know any other way to grasp the world

Every culture has its own way of looking at existence,
i'sown symbolsand belief systems. The Inuit, forexample,
have over 40 words for snow — snow that falls lightly in big
flakes; small flakes that fall like rain; hard, driving snow;
and so on. To the farmer in lowe, it's just snow. We don't
consciously agree on a symbol's meaning; our concepts are
organic—growing, changing, evolving with or without our
consent, Our cultures shape the symbols we understand
Like blind men feeling an elephant for the first rime, we
comprehend the world through a limited vocabulary de-
fined by our culture's worldview. Modern people believe in
science because that's all we know. That same science
baffles "primitive" people because its outside their experi-

‘Symbols can be prisons. We see only what our minds
can comprehend and express. The tools we use to under-
stand the world come from our culture, and are limited by
that culture. Until we learn other sets of symbols — other
languages — we see the world from a single perspective.
That view locks us into a single way of thinking.

Some symbols are loaded, packed with such powerful
ideas that they set our hearts racing. Look at the way we
respond co profanity, insults or desecrated symbols —
they're like physical assaults. "Soft" symbols express simple
ideas: The lecterR represents the "R" sound and communi-
cates R-ness. "Hard" symbolscarrya punch through complex
associations: The Christian cross or the American flag are
more than the sum of lines or colors. And then there are
personal interpretations of symbols. Compare a veteran,
who sees the American flag as a symbol of pride, with an
Islamic Fundamentalist, who sees it asa symbol of oppres-
sion. Let one burn the symbol and watch how the other
reacts. Ourcultures not only teach us which symbols rouse,
‘but which ones are more importanc than others.

Myths and Magical Symbols.

‘On the other hand, certain symbols — myths — are
significant to every culture in one form or another. This
symbolic language runs deeper than a single tongue, appeal-
ing to something fundamental in human consciousness.
Carl Jung called these symbols archetypes, and he thought
they could be cataloged through dream interpretation
Joseph Campbell ought common threadsamongthe world's
mythologies in his search for our primal symbols. Witness
the similarity between the Jewish Yahweh and the
Wakan-Tanka, or compare the Chinese Goddess of Mercy,
Kuan Yin, to Catholicism's devotion to Mary. Both cultures,
describe similar concepts embodied in similar forms —asky
father or an earth mother. Mythic symbols transcend cul-

146 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

tural paradigms — the snake grasping its own tail, the
Trickster God, the Mentor, the animaand animus —which
suggests thar these symbols are genetic or that they linger
from the time when we belonged to one tribe. Even so, each

culture has also managed to cransform the mythic into the
local; although Kuan Yin and Mary both personify mercy,
Kuan Yin is a product of Chinese culture while Mary is
‘Western. No matter how these symbols came into being,
they indicate that we all belong to one culture — the
human race.

Culture not only defines the way we perceive reality it
provides a way to go beyond those perceptions. The ru
of the Elder Futhark. The 72 True Names of God (the Shem
hha-Mephorash). Wiccan rituals. Prayers at an altar. Each
paradigm provides a way to experience a sense of Other by
defining the proper mystic symbols andl a framework in
which to use them. Those who believe in these powerful
symbols can transcend this reality and experience another,
deeper one. This is true even in the modern world. The
language of science allows ts practitioners to transcend the
realm of the senses and experience a reality of quatks,
leptons, black holes and DNA. Transcendent symbols, by
their nature, are the most potent kind of symbols; they can
break down the walls of realty. Thisis the power of magick

Every mystical tradition, from ancient Egyptian magic
through the alchemy of the Yellow Emperor to modem
Wiccan practices, follows two basic principles. The first
principle, similarity, means that like affects like. To make
something happen, you mimic that action in some way, An
item, dance, ritual or mantra represents something else
because it resembles the object ofits magic. Ifa rose isthe
symbol of romantic love, you can make someone fall in love
by using a rose petal in a magic ritual. A corollary to this is
the idea of taboo. To prevent something from happening,
avoid actions that resemble the unwanted effect; chese
actions are taboo. If you don't want to break your mother's
back, avoid stepping on cracks.

‘The second principle, contact, suggests that items once
connected continue to affect each other, even over great
distances. The object represents the greater whole to which,
it once belonged. The infamous voodoo doll depends on
thisprinciple, Themagician takes person'shair, fingernail
clippings or bits of clothing and works them into a wax
figurine which represents the intended victim. A corollary
to this idea is the concept of Naming: If you give something
‘a name, a symbol by which ochers will know i, you have
power over that object. Many magicians across the world
take craft names to safeguard the ones they were given at
birch; anyone who discovers a True Name would, by many
reckonings, have power over the mage.

‘These two principles form the basis of both magickal
style and foci. Foci are symbols that stand for something
else. A red rose represents romantic love and isa
focus for love magick. A magickal style establishes the


OAMIESS

Wi

7 |

Ub py ayn woy suonesasqg 2xig sandeypy

2tp 2ans pur) sem Jo eysIC ‘uNEE ayoaun pu poo}q sa
yup "uay>ryP dar] eyo peoy atp Yo In> ryt NOA ‘aAat>q
Aotp ‘iomod aeyp 728 of, ramod star mouy ajdoad asoy
moun OY 2504 | "eUATUEG do1>De1d >Uoad swIOs spooysOg,
-yBigu uten99 Uf "a]dumexo ue se ANID) OR MA HEL

Aayea yo Ansodea ayp ur speanyy
Omapy ay ave so] Aas epPURPY zanarfaq ax94yIDd2a/gaxOp
2eY AA J}o8INO4 ySY "uoRINsIOdns 10 a9UDI9s "uorEas Hew
2 |[e> ‘Sunawos ur sansyiaq ‘saifap swos 02 ‘suoksoag
"aunajno [e29} 4p Uo 20] # puddap j]!46 af 3ng ‘nos on da st
20U 10 3 Ur 9A9t}9q 02 soot Aayp JayRaY AY ('AEMAUE ASE
yoru snoypin "2/) "ASHE NOY 21 Kojdur9 weD Joquuss
yp puryaq adiew aya Hamed say ur aAayaq Joquds exp
Suryovem siadoajg oup J] -eapy [ex>Heurw sauze> "unsurEyD
{exo sav6% 4yoy af 9g "JoquNs UBsOYD-[]ax Vy "ore ses
ppue Jequaproutos usoiniag souasDpp 242 UeaKE HED 130}
pe 2fAasjeouieu *4ydus ang) 29]}914401g ayp ‘nos pr
op o1 2aey »pideu jo aumieu afoquaks tp saop wy OS

EPA 9g S19YI1O OG LUM,

pious 20) Aoi axp dard souo [wonshyy,
suo [eotaskur owio29q sjoquiks jeans] "anyq ayqssodut
24 pur ojq1ssod ayn ‘pjiow ayp punoze Woy 210m puw 0
‘wat pouayemy pur siadoajg se !21 asurele som ssa3ons
s Ades 0uyp9 1 942 Ajpeotuoy] doysyoog fe20 24p 38894] ddne
Puy pue {jeur ox ae Yo0q v Ang ‘AL UO AreIUaWNDOp
B Ypiem Ue ays "AuoayL] soeY) anoge UBD] WED oy
se Aqisea se asowyye y>iBeus uendAilg Apmis ueD soxeueyang
 shepenony "siuasaidar pyue ue 1eym mouy oF uENdAAy
ue 2q 01 2AeY NOK OP LOU YORCUEOUIAD UF aAataq oF
asiyppng v9q 02 aAey3,uOp nos ‘uo sno out wtp Bue
-iusse ‘Sounayno usoausg sjoquils deas ayy "uoasty ur aun
4940 Aue € pip ydoad wey — soonead jequa ‘ajquiopue.y
"uaz ‘onuryg — sjo1joq snoltea nog 220% MOU 9m hOPOL
eipow ssvts pur uoreojdxg Jo a8y ‘haws20uyD9) 19
‘uno axp jo A>e89} e018 axp st sty "sJoquuds ,sza420 Y>ED
Powsea} pur seap! popen aun 2acy pHOM sup ssor>e wos,
2aydoaq "sors wi ponad satpo Awe ur wey zou — josodstp
soup Ye s9}/as jo Aaoizea apim v aavy saSeus s.Aepo},

sppidew 2yp axe sjoquXs ayp surg s9ya0 ayp ayrys "yan
be aue sjoquids ayp vein suze) Ayjemuaaa 9uQ :puezie aBpay
© pue aew & uovmiog souszayip eruauepuny ays §.30y
‘Wop? || Uo Sayjas pUE 190} o LUDUIYDEE s944 3911092940
ays ‘aouausdxa pur Apms ‘<Surysog ysnonys s1ow Aureus
pue sonamoy ‘foi exp zea] weD sew ay | "ye>3q on IgEy
prey es witpesed y -sonjdde yjns Buss pue punoss ay
28 ]2s:N0{ Futmostp anoge asepe swepYy sejsnocy‘spunos
su Ase2 se ust sty j "tuasoudas 00) aya 2etp yan 138] 9y
spueass9pun aysing [9194 sn90} 01 wot 280 [IAS AyBIW ays
ssjoquss axp punyag 99s or suzeay ays ‘<assaifiond afew a1.
Sy ,'s]pya SuIUIEN, aso4p Yo udxp UD A] wops UDyR "Ie
‘¥ojoxauunu 40 Swoy>ye ut sjidnd sraup zonnsut ‘9|durexa 10}
‘saoisew snaunay aluog s9>;UdLdde Mou 404 sjoo2 TUHUsED}
ue spunou3 Sunisaa se soyéns poyatsiew ajoyss pue sjoquuss

_P2peop, 959 samnuDaL 40) Tuyord sprezi\ "saapaswoyp
Sjoqui4s ayp puodag auo ‘suautuaysi{ua sadaap v 02 a8eu
Jeuorse20 atp pea] sSurdden s9y20 puespersiuo "spre ose |
‘souny "dem aeyp wlayp asn 02 ay] Sy>Hshw aos yBnow|E
‘ayusg ,sisdoajg 94) 20) asnf 20u 94494 "s9>UDHadxa
eons 1oy 1urod yo-Burduinf e apraoud osye sjoquisg
sjoquuss ayp ysnonp jJads 240] 494 sjpuuEYD 24s
‘pun jo aves jeypiew e sioque raBiei popuaiu 194 wos}
ney jo 90] © pue sjeind asor'so]pueo pos Yala pax920>.a]e
ue a4ojaq Suipuers pue saqoa jeruowsss99 ut passaup *eU9q
9, Bunod ¥y "ypisew ayp ao1oyurau sjoquiss ay 49KOd
ey py TraUUOD 01 s} waYp a6n OY, ‘2auNos saMOd S11 02
souta "fore axp 304 sur-puers 910999 sjoqus ayp 2>U9}
unaim wioas wey — siaded 10 sjerad asox ‘asuaoun ‘sje
sso ynoays — 2x avejdawos wou souio> >oiseur yup
1 saisea sj sereayy s94 Jo s9x0d atp dea on yay]9q eH}
"plo vo saijar ypusiw ap PIE sey pulysq s9jdi>
und oxp yaa. zeypuueyur) sayseur 08 awn s93{e atipa] Mou,
png "sury s1atp jo sino pur sur ay Suimouy oured oy
_ueis 1,UOp soBepy "seopt yp sug >HBeW puE ‘sjoqusss
ano yfnomyp seapt yay asauu0> agi "(omy dardeys 995)
‘uo Bunok e jper9ads9 ‘aout won pera sts [EP
soany]n>
jpadsou s1oyp 30 so]As jeapastew pue D0} 94p Soya yo,
un sty jo Joos axp Ut ajoy v YBnosp 2an Yong MoUeU wv
quam ueuagis 24p apryss ‘202 so3sa9ue sty Jo s1001 a4p UO
sa1eM pasoes ino sunod ueyjensnyy aya ‘sueweys axe safe
tpog pastes sea ay a1oys uo spuadap rey — sjoquuss yo
13s & U] — ayfas e Yate SfsoM auo Yea Ing "sKem ays Oy
purxsiapun ypog "soddors ueriaqig ay woyy ueweYs © yaa
peqano ueyensny axp uF wWoq weweys v axedwor "wos,
souls a4 21944 uo puddap uorrdaaiod yexp spuaosuen ay,
‘ypryas ur shea axp pure pHoM aya Jo aaa §A>ON1 YL
{upto Aud s1y 30 1>Npoxd w ‘9UIeD 9y YDTYs Wos} 21M2]N9
aup jo ued sap] "wnndea v uF aay 2,US90p aBew y

USAW OU] Pur sjoqUIAS

-rewuress oxp 9} yex>!Bew pur si2n2]
‘aqp 210 190) uayp ‘Aao¥aye st yo!Sew Jo aBenBue] yp J] "ws
joquiés uo 4y:aeay puadap ‘a1oyoiayp ‘saonzead Ese,
Suey ayp Jo Ayuomun pasapisuo> st wstjoquids puers
-9pun youue> ous uerarBeu ‘owes jo Surpuessapun 242
pur sidaouo> uappiy uo puadsp suy yonsiw 24 prow
‘uendigg ur soaatjoq oy Uer>iBew e 02 [nyasn AyuO s! YUE
3A 9]40s jeypisiew e azusaroezey> ose DAaMOY "04
‘40s jexpyeus aup jo pomawey axp urpLa
Jryesn Aquo ze sjoon ay "94s axp Aq, pareroip — sro]
20 ais] SUIS 02 suoREDOAUT "sydAyFOIAKY ‘sqEIEDS ‘SIPAUE
— sjoquiss shojdurs 3prSew uend43g Su1oNDeud uersHsew
|y 129)! woy samod sy saauap 9]408 [ex yew ‘prey s>qp0
3p UO "AayJeay 2D9ye 01 z9mod B4p DALY — sjoqUAS Y>ryS
— 190} yr souyap 9}ha8 Jex>IBEp "xopesed & st s]o0.
‘1 pue a}fas yeypiBeur e uaasa9q diysuoneyss ay, areas
a8ueyp 02 past aq ue> 150} 95042 Y>Iy. UO LOREPUNOS

7c


neighborhood, a Quabbalist invokes one of the 72 True
Names of God to accomplish the same thing. The
symbols ae familiar in both neighborhoods. People
who would never consider practicing magic (let

alone magick) still know that chese symbols mean,
power. Technological worldview of no, there are
plenty of people who sweat when they hear voo
X. doo drums. On the other hand, a mystick using
Santeria inrural Idaho, where nobody'seven heard
of t,runsintoa brick wall of faith —or lack oft. He
cteatesa Paradox, literally. His Artsare vulgar because
the symbols
Even the most posterful symbols, how
ever, can carry only so much belief. As the
world shrinks some truths become universal
ou can't possibly believe that
a witch can fly across the sky on a broomstick,
can you? Those stories just come from halluci
tions. And Mohammed didn'treally movea mountain,
that metaphor. Even the most faithful bel
ers can only accept so much before the Mythic
Threads nap. Hence we have vulgar magick — the
point at which credibility says "No way." Real
hasonly somuch slack to offer;a good symbol takes
up a little more, but a mountain won't move
without a monumental pull. And Paradox waits
for the rope to go tight
It's important to understand how a symbol
relates to magick. We use symbols to communi-
cate, to say that "this means that." It isn't a great
leap from there to magick. Ie's a path taken by
every culture since the beginning of time. That's
how our brains work. When a player chooses a
magickal style and foci for her character, ask her
where those symbols came from and what they
to the mage. Does the Dreamspeaker who
‘grew up in the bayous of Louisiana practice voo-
«doo or Santeria? Are those Hermetic trappings
just for show or does she really think pentagrams
work? Make your player define what her charac.
sto make her wll reality. Have her write
down important symbols and pls
they're worth. Sure she :
Life 4," but it's so much more fun when she
tells you about the altar and che elements and
describes the sudden rustle of the wind. That's
the difference between storytelling and chart
gaming, betweenrole-playingandroll-playing. Every
culture has it's own magickal language, its own


7

Sharing the Spotlight

(Only he sinner has ar
— Christopher Morley

by John "The Gneech" Robey

[Developer's Note: John and [ co-ran various games
for nearly five years. During that time we both learned an
incredible amount about the interplay between Storytell-
crs, players and those who aspire to be both at once. John's
writing credits include The Book of Shadows, The Perfect
Warrior and indiana ones Adventures from West End Games,
as well as his own online magazine Astounding Advencures
(heep:fmembers.aol.com/astadvqtrl/main.htm).]

Most gaming groups are one of two varieties: A group
of players that needs a Storyteller ora group of Storytellers
that needs players. If your group is fortunate enough to be
the latter, the time will come when twoor more Storytellers
will want to collaborate, either on a single story or on
chronicle. When this works, is terific. When it doesn't
work, things fall apart fast. Let's discuss how to make
collaborating work.

to preach.

Guest Storytellers vs.
Jointly Moderated Chronicles

The simplest form of multi-Storyteller chronicle isthe
"guest shor," when one of the players takes on the respon
sibility of running the game for a single story. The player's
usual character becomes a Storyteller character for the
duration ofthat tale, while the chronicle's usual Storyteller
either creates a persona to play or uses some established
Storytellercharacter.Ifthere'salready aStoryteller charac-
ter who hangsaround during mostadventures, thisisa good
person for the regular Storyteller co play.

Some Storytellers, feeling that they're the only people
who can be trusted with their plots and characters, won't
allow guests to run in a chronicle (just as Bill Watterson
refused to let anyone market Calvin and Hobbes because he
felt thathe would lose control of his characters). Ifthe idea
of guest Storytellers really bothers you, then you certainly
shouldn't use them. If you're undecided, consider the ad
vantages of allowing guests.

* Depth and Variety: Everyone comes toa game with
an entitely different set of experiences, attitudes and ide:

If your stories revolve around urban decay or Gothic angst,
and the guest Storytellers tastes run more toward body.in
the-library mysteries or whimsical romps, you'll se sides of,
the characters that you've never seen before and aspects of
the setting that you may have overlooked. Such switches
also make for a great change of pace.

+ New Subplots, Storyteller Characters and Set-
tings: When aguest Storyteller introduces anew supporting
character to the story, the regular Storyteller should feel

free to incorporate him into the overall chronicle
provided he isn' twisted into something different than he
originally was. Rick the Cynical Bar Owner who was an
important contact in the guest Storyteller' ploccan laterbe
a font of rumors, resources and subplots for the regular
Storyteller. If he suddenly becomes Rick the Secret Tech
nocracy Agent Spying on the Heroes, che guest Storyteller
may feel (justifiably) iritated that his character has been
sabotaged:

‘+ More Gaming with Less Work: Most players think
about playing a lot more than they actually doit. That's
usually because the Storyteller simply doesn't have time to
come up with something good. The more Storytellers there
are, the less pressure there is on any one of them to devise
plots all the time.

The Guest's Obligations

As useful as introducing a guest Storyteller is, the
regular Storyteller may feel legitimate anxiety about letting
someone else mess with the world he's worked so hard to
create. The guest Storyteller therefore has certain obliga
tions to keep in mind when she designs and runs a tory.

* Continuity: Make sure you're familiar enough with
the details ofthe chronicle to get them right ata moment's
notice. If the Storyteller has established chat the Virtual
Adepts don't exist in your chronicle, then the guest has no
business trying to run a story that involves them.

* Chronicle Cohesion: The guest Storyteller should
avoid making any major changes in the regular plot lines
any issues that come up during her story should be resolved
in that story or remain on the fringes of the regular
Storyteller's game. For'example, if the grand storyline
‘concerns a cabal of Orphans trying to make its way in the
world, the guest Storyteller shouldn't have all of the char.
acters initiated into the Sons of Ether so they can be
teleported through a one-way gate to Dimension X and
fight slithering horrors until the year 2199. Similarly the
guest shouldn'e kill off (or otherwise permanently alter)
existing Storyteller characters, wipe out Manhattan with a
nuclear bomb or work other drastic changes.

* Storyteller Character Limitation: When someone
who is usually a player stands in as Storyteller, she has to
ensure that her usual character doesn't suddenly gain all
sorts of knowledge about what's going on. It's basically a
principle of fairness to the other players: What fun is it to
be presented with a situation or puzzle and then watch
somebody else's character solve it all? They could be watch
ing television instead. Furthermore, it should go without
saying that youshouldn't use your "Storyteller'sfiat"togive
your character new abilities that she wouldn'e normally
have. ("By reading the ancient tome, Karena gets three
more points of Arete!") Ir'simportancto remember that the
players' characters are the stars of the show. Let them
remain that way if you shift from one role to the other.

Chapter Six: Observations from the Field 149,

ID. EZ

TS ZN


st Aajszaaiq_ 40420 ayp s9a0 si0}d s,uosiad auo a0aey Aiduuts
saaseyd ayp aq sepy spuey s2y uo urn a1ow aaey 0 soused
s2y utp 2ytjoad azour 9q ayB!w ayg "sayLOUR 19A0 19]}92
-Aaoag au0 aseoxoys Aus 9f>ruOUYD Pazeys WH IAC)

9}DLUOAYD PaseYS OY} J0 Sed

(ocvaqns
(01 own a2apiad oyp st siya suri soma ano, "aamonns
samod s1oyp a8ueaze94 01 Su|qumesds ae sss9urUg Plog ay
s80N"w2dUUg pIOA [F0] 242 Jo29pe>] axp pay|PAJIONaIAM
ay ‘aBeduwes asane] 194 SuLNg,,) sou0Is Umo sty om 29u9
as1x9 J9y a1eJ0d.0>u pjno> 24 Ysnoypye "Apsaup 294 a5n
2,ue>g J9]]n4s0xg way ‘SHUN JODY S>xE]>9p pUL|OMAIIA
SuiBedwes aup ssonponur y 22]]uu0rg J] ,'sNUN] yo, st
2)2eyp sounsed 294 uoyur pjnoys ays ‘oxeYs cn gUeM 3 UssOP
ays reyp auawiy9 wou e saanponuT Jo]]aaAi0Ig Buy,
aaserey>
242 parwaio ays asne2aq yeqno ayp UIOl 194 SuAKY O2 0794
Suy]]4 Woy yjonai9m BuISedwes ays oasyuEM ays DAME
op 02 204451 Y JoTJanku0Ig (samEUL IoYOUE s,1eKp "AAqIs JO
[Inj sjomaram Bunsiedwrex pres jy sxonoeaeyp axp sf) s98UeyD
ofeur Aue ynonp a1sezey> ayp 251043, us90p aUT|AtO3s ay
2k papraoud ‘so}09s umo S14 Jo 2U0 UT >eq 2UI0D JjOMOIOK
Suviedues wey avy or 294 51g I9|]pAIOg yomaram
Suysledures e saonponuy Wy s9]}auuiorg Aeg "aNo a 248) 02
soproap aoejd asny ay2 wr auawiaq> 2ewp paonponuy oy a0
‘4p ssoqun — suoreas9 oq o1 ,sBuojaq, auaUIDpS ze\NaA Ue
we aeyp st sassautiud 2ye otp se Aq 08 02 anu pod W
‘uyjay aya Soyer sould poasnaa v apy Afsnoaueyyms
Avy or siaq|oAzong aejnidar yiog Surmo}[e ‘s19}Ja2h201g 1898
se sun afta 07 siaXejd satpo Mojpe U9Aa UeD NOK a]>TuORyD
uuado soos & uy -asvay Azo ayp ae 2nuonydozrys sseadde
9ydoad iuasayrp om Aq uns afew v Ssan2e26y> JeIDads Uso
254130 sy day 9f>!uory> pareys w WI J9T|>L440Ig YEE rey
Pusunuodas 9/4) "uy Yonur os Buikoyd ayeU! yeyr AaJanou
ue astuduns yo stuauiap9 peta ayp 960] Yi0g "uo ButO8 sey
Bunyidieaa mouy s19]|>U440ig tpog jf ‘paaiasaud st AzaasAtut
days sease Kea awos axey o2 JD]MIOIg Y>e9 sMO]]e
A sssouutE ajduus uewp a:ow soxoword yo-apen sit,
‘sangaswoys 10}
oyppruiorg yroq Kem sip saUt|AIOrs UO
Fd PIOA [E20] atp 02 say aaISNIOXD 1E
Ae ¢{ s2]]puAtoig reys 40} winrar uy uaaaMop, "Bw]n>} ued
‘uy asad] oy) pue "feIDUDS ur somduIeA yo Ae] axojBI0y
PInoYs q J9]]auuoLg "saflew 5,419 ayp SuPyERS axoua4 |
Jo pong e #utsjoaut aumpuois aye sq! Ue 93e919 01 ue
ays Y seT]auhioag suoneruay asoup o2 ayer-pUE-aaif Jo
2uaU]9 ue 2q 01 1yBNO a104] "sDyL0 YD! Or SATU] Yo Sze
sioydgns 10 siojd yptyss ysy|qeasa st suring auieS axp 210524
oper pao sayjautiong ay, Suny 382] >, OQ SPUETT «
siaqpo Aq pasnge
‘uaipjtypureaq soy 995.01 99H] siowau> 93 pue saappswayp,
Jo pure ur suoneas> auensoduata3,4oy — ap tuoay> tas344o>
0) jenuia> snt are siuawa]> pareyg "sigioeIEy> ss94E]d

Ost

ap yBnonp anoge awo> suonse asaxp ssajun "I> ay
‘unop Suruing 10 slomuaw ano Buidia st se ‘oU-0U Pst UDAEY,
syeqe> aq dn Buimojg dn pssn rou ang ‘pos, 99 Aes
stuaurapp asotp yo Aue‘syo09 pun, sPazny 94 Woy axed
© moog 0 sjtexep Sumas saypo snouea pue sstucseiue
(j2A9]-Mo} Ajfensn) Buyuzn2a2 s10W 40 UO SY2eUOD 30 02
‘uout ‘suolaeiado Jo aseq ,r2y28xe4> atp apnyour $yje19u98.
squaura[p pazeyg soypa802 Sunes |je1aa0 s A40rs 2yp 210219
01 poau sajjatiog ayy *BumIeg voWWOD 24] 6
-fejuvape ue sv (Ajsno1osuosun 30
4Ajsnorssuos) 99s Aaya rey matp aif on Aejd jo spas.
asnfpe pur "ots a1 y>iy pue ,saryos, a7e s19]]a14s015
\YpIys urea] Apppinb ‘sou uaatap-imaseeyp pue Suruveaw
[Pa sour 241 Wada "siake}Y ;UaYB 02 YoU "Uo posiBe ae
s9]na asayp 2940 2equI09 29} 25n jp} NOS Sapru aUETTEA (AE
41) 2eype pure soypiog Buyajoson 10} asn JIM nO sour}apIns
eye 9pIdaq "221P ay (JO sijor 20} s|je> 20) syjou Ayozes
sao atp pue sadaayp{oog 151s w st sa]jardsog 2u0 jt ase
‘osje weo sioayjo parutolsiq] "uo sas Aayp BYR S9jNu asNoy
ysiiqease 02 poou siayjadiong ayy, sS9jmy ano] «
(.gs9ai8 aeyy "Srey UO 92,9
mou ‘20m ase] siomas ays UT Soiquioz SUNYBY 219M 2/),)
‘uarydornys wana aqiew pure paautolsip aq jus awed aya
asiauatpg "aun 9yp Jey ase] 18 [eI9AOp SMU ]>HUOY>
yp Jo stuauiaja jenuasse aya ‘9|4as pur aise Uy AaIss9A1p 0}
wor s,ar942 2]14 9) "are suoH dumsse pure suonenys sou9y.
iseg s,af>1uos4> aXp I!yAN INO YOM PINOYs sI9]]>IAI0Ig Om
ay ‘SuiBaq depd jo uorssas a/Buis # OPAg :UOREAID «
‘axnadnusip pur Sutazauun aq we> Aa1oKp
-ne yenba Jol]auu01g 19y2OUN Bua ‘suontems pue s9>"]d
‘sroisereyp Hunear> ou woRa poxssaut soy J91]914201g
ayp pur unoq sey ajpquosys ® 29uC) "BuruuHag axp wo
eyp asnf ag 03 paudisap aq pynoys a[a!uexy> paxeys.ay] |
‘ayes zoveais yon © uo Ing "19}|91AI01g
son ayp jo saBenueapesip pue saBerueape atp Jo je Set
appruonypareysoy j iaisereypeste|dioypoayp a[1ys aue8
yp sunt auo ‘sun ayer siajjaxkuoag og ‘vorNewoy
Jo Jood & amys wiotp Jo om 94p ang ‘sSunr9s pue siojd
‘syoaereyp Jo 298 UNO STY sey JaT]>AJOIg YEA sHaT]aULIONS
ayou 10 om Aq uns aq 01 BuIUUIBag 24p WOYy PIUTISOp
ajptuonypestsajjauksoag sans ayp woydn daasaxou au,

9pPuosyD paseys YL,

‘s]a]uouyp 2yp yo s9pureusas ay
anoysnonys Apyep sarin oye s9]JaxKIOAg 2o}NBaI AYP 9AeY,
‘on uetp aandsip paajosos Ayyainb "uoys v 24ey 01 193299 52
‘sured aya asc tan 1u9.9 Ue s9A91]99 34131 Op or presse 24
3,upjnoysso}}9i440ig seyniioa ays s9s2M0}4"s9025,38908 a4
tuo dans Ayjeas up 31 suayo Apyd ovut awo> ,upjnoys 24812
SHY] "1 9]nar940 01 YB axp aacy PInoy ay (uONERNUFT
saipeseyD sa]pP1ssOIg 40 UOISIYOD 3po!UOIYD "hau.
swoD JO s9]d/ouUud 4p jo au0 istnese S908 yp BunyLOWOS
Ajjensn) yaim aarp 2,ue9 asnf s9yjpukioag seyn8ax aya ey
suaddey Sunypowos 1 10794 s9]JAIOIg sey

apING ssayjandsong aBepy au soy Jo Yoog ay


the shared chronicle's main strength, butitcan also become
the wedge that divides it
to put the chronicle back together again.

If anyone notices a fracture, the Storytellers should
discuss the matter. Ifthe less-dominant Storyteller doesn't
mind reducing his role in the chronicle (becoming more of
a "recurring quest Storyteller"), then there's no problem. If
the second Storyteller doesn't want to diminish his role,
you need to figure out why the chronicle's focus shifting,
and what can be done to correct it. Figuring out the source
of the problem usually suggests a solution. If Storyteller A
simply doesn't come up with as many story ideas as Story-
teller B, they should pool some new concepts, whether from
prepublished sources or other inspirations. If the players
just like Storyteller B's stories better than Storyteller A's,
Storyteller A should try tofind out why and see what can be
done toimprove herstorytelling style. Fone Storytellerjust
tends o take over, both partners need to recognize thisand
take steps to counteract it. The difficult partis recognizing
the schism; acting to correct it i easy

‘Sometimesboth Storytellerswillfind themselvestangled
up in the house niles they helped create. Even worse, they
might feel that they're both getting bored with the whole
thing. If both Storytellers want to keep the game running
thereare afew things they can do. For starters they can pitch
the old house rules and start again with a new set (after
notifying the players, of course). A more radical solution
comes from a dramatic shift in the chronicle itself — some
carthshaking event causes things to skew in new and unex-
pected directions. Everything goes onto new ground from
there: Pethaps the central setting is blown off the map,
Maybe the characters are caught and shipped to MECHA or
lose their identities to some Technocratic vengeance. This
is Mage — anything you want can happen. The Storytellers
reed only agree on a course of action. Their solution can be
ple as changing a few game mechanics or as complex
asblowing up the world o that the charactershave to rebuild
from the ashes,

If all else fails, one Storyteller can simply let her
partner take over the existing chronicle while the other
‘creates second, and they run the two simultaneously. The
second Storyteller can design a chronicle that'smore suited
toher tastes. This new chronicle may have some elements
‘of the old one — perhaps it takes place ina different city in
the same world or in the distant past. Two different games
with a common base presents all kinds of possibilities for
crossover storylines: guest star appearances, common an-
tagonists, even the occasional news flash about some
important event elsewhere. Once two games are in place,
there's no reason why the two Storytellers can't run guest
shots in each other's chronicle. Afterall, who'd know the
world better than someone who helped create it?

Double-Storyteller games are challenging, innovative
‘and fan. So long as both partners share a respect for each

anditmayormay note possible

other's stories and designs, the collective chronicle can be
a great way to avoid Storyteller burnout and same-story

boredom

Througha Glass, Darkly

[Now we see only reflections ina mirror, mere riddles, but
then we shall be seeing face to face. Now, 1 can know only
imperfectly; but then I shall know just as fully as 1am myself
fououn

= Corinthians 13:12

Hey, I didn't play Dungeons & Dragons all chose years
without leaming something about courage!

Helpful Geek, The X-Files

By James Estes, Looking Eagle

[Developer's Note: Jim Estes (given the name Look-
ing Eagle after a real-life visionquest some time ago) is a
dear friend, spiritual seeker and damned good writer whose
legacy includes the American productions of Kuleas well as
books like Halls of the Arcanum, Celestial Chorus, The
Inquisition and both Mummy and Mage second editions.
Asa gay writer with a profound sense ofthe sacred, Jim has
balanced the call of religion with the needs of a human
being and an artist. This isn't as easy as it sounds

It begins around a fire.

‘One person — whoever has the gift — begins to speak,
and with her telling comes story. Perhaps itis anew story.
More than likely, though, it is a story well-known and
loved: a story from "a long time ago," the fables, myths and
legends that shaped a community's understanding of the
world, Heroes overcame their foes and taught resilience,
strength and cunning.

Joseph Campbell has written on the nature of the
‘monomyth, the kernel which liesar the heartof every hero-
aquest: A hero ventures forth from the world of common day into
4 region of supernatural wonder: fabulous forces are there
encountered and a decisive victory is won: the hero comes back
from this mysterious adventure with the power to bestow boons
com his fellow man. (The Hero With a Thousand Faces, pro-
logue) These myths and stories were more than just means
of passing a winters night. They were shells which carried
‘meaning, which taught the community's values and hopes,
and allayed its fears. The trials and travails of hetoes-gone-
before became the pathways for the next generation.

Bur that was then and this is now. We have routinely
stripped meaning ftom stories, dissected them, deconstructed
them, retranslaced them — but allowed them to lay on
fallow earth,

We live in an age bereft of mythology. Such tales are
dismissed as unscientific, ahistorical or ircelevant by today's
scientific-minded world, and discarded as the remnants of
primitive civilization, Bureven so, the urge to mythologize,
the mythic need, has never died. Every culture has its myth

‘Chapter Six: Observations from the Field 151

ON A

ID. WOW


systems —its values, its heroes and heroines, its enemies —
and this mythic need cannot be denied. Look at popular
culture and you'll see the resurgence of myth: How is the
battle between Superman and Doomsday truly unlike the
battle between Mithras and the Bull? And did the Son of
Krypton not go through his own "Harrowing of Hell," as
Christ did, before returning triumphant to his world?

True, parallels go only so far; stretch any parallel far
‘enough and it will snap. The point remains that you can kill
‘myths, but youcannorkill the mythic need squelch it in one
form and it will reappear elsewhere. Superheroes, seience-
fiction sagas, fantasy epics — these are the thrust of the
mythic need in a mundane world. It is also true thae these
may simply be stories, and a cigar may just be a cigar — but
people with mythic imaginations can see the shimmering
traces of mythology hidden in many places.

But there is an even stronger revival of the mythic
need, What began as an offshoot of historic wargaming has
in fact grown up, and in growing has delved back into its
ancient roots. Tocal roleplayinga rebirth of the ancient art
of scorytelling would not be vain hyperbole — itis a valid
assessment of what a well-crafted game may achieve in its
greatest moments.

Roleplaying can be seen as both a form of interactive
storytelling and a means of satisfying the mythic need. The
concept of roleplaying as interactive storytelling has been
addressed many times, in many places. What's significant
here is that we exercise the mythic imagination through
Storytelling — in creating characters, we create heroes for
the new mythology; in creating stories, we learn which
values we consider sacred (courage, honor, conviction,
truth). Roleplaying games are entertainment and amuse-
ment, true. They can, however, become occasions for
personal and even spiritual growth as we establish those
values which are important to-us

The Hero in the Mirror

The frst element of the game is the character. What
begins on paper is little more than a collection of Traits —
rnumbers and adjectives which create an individual with a
bit of personality and a history. In playing the character,
however, we give it life. The best roleplaying experiences
tap into that realm of creativity where the character grows
seemingly of its own accord, ("I don't know why my char
acter just did that. It just seemed natural" is the hallmark
comment of such an experience.) Through such characters,
through their experiences and adventures, we ultimately
create not just "characters," but heroes, archetypes and
metaphors for ourselves. The process of character creation
can be as simple —orasflat —asspreading points or rolling
dice. On a deeper level, it begins by looking within our.

152 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


fr

€s

Piety atp woyy suoreaasqg 1g raideyry

‘umep o1ut uanyfiuq osm yep ano Aepy "2UN poo'
 aney asnl pue apise sishjeur and *Ayjourg "z9yo 02 Sun
-2wos aaey IE 2h "IPI ayp O1 UaRsT] pue yore py "HPA
aioyp jo suossay ay uous pue 690194 snoA Jo seu ayp WOH}
urea] uonse ur ABojoyyAU ssau ano4 uodn 99you pe z>eq
oo ‘owes Surfysnes 10 SuyjonuB A}eynonaed vay

aL] $94]983n0 Jo suoN|>04jau But|z2nd axe 930939 as S919]
ayp Saruewny jo suonoayar Auyfzznd aya axe AojoypAtM
jo seo19y oY, "99F am 2eYss WO, UFED] UE ONT ay2
‘nur yoo] 02 pur sysiur mau pur saoay au 33319 01 ‘MOH
02 Aajumuoddo atp soajasino- asi pue saajasino ulyata
Joo] 02 sastwosd Jawad e zayo osje Aayp ‘ysnoys ‘puEY
satpo 242 UE "UaHORI0y 9g 1949U PInOYs 398) st4p "TUDE
cureuaaua ase sowed Surdeydojoy ‘sieis unt a10ul sory
‘2uv099q ‘22uep stor no Y>xeAto1 [euoReANpE soUINoWOS
ue unj say "Jom se hol w ag we> 21 ng ‘parersaiddezapun
pure snowoge} aq sounn ae ue> ssan0xd Suy|jaaAs0Ag a4 |

poodle astes or adnon & soyer 3) —s9ypou wey apiaprar
auour says "sumeut 2 sd}ay woyp pure at sya OM "aos
e sadeys oye aping w asnfs.o4g ‘souatpne say uodn 0}d Sut
-A138-[98 JBONSHOTs auos a210jUD 1,usDop s9]]>2AI03g asta4
24 "uonenba aup Jo axed Ajuo st ‘pliam ayp sopna soucrs ayt
sq} 04m 2py "quoa0ud Wop] at UDWIUOAUD ,BeMForAI0I8
‘aanoeranun, ue ur sayjardioag ap Jo aj0r axp sey Og

‘sn 01 suvaul 3} RY PUR YAW axp puERsapUN a9 ‘os UaAg,
snolago 001 1g ¥ sounaLos — YBnous snorago st HUNG
soimiuaape asoup UseIsnyUa ayR AajuMWUIO sno UE ING
ayea 24 pueasiopun os ,2294p 94 01 pe, 2]doad asou 'su9),
-si] oyas auoKue 07 ssumiuaape sno jo294 9/44 "fayunUREOD
Aue jo saouayiadxa paseys ay auiosaq pjorsi syst se asn
‘odnon atp jo saouatiadxe pareys arp awovaq syd mou
989KL]2o"psemon pue afenos jehenag puesouoy‘2oU2}014
ppue a0] Jo sojer Yat pojy ‘powwax9 s} AojoupAu au a4
‘syduumuz areya pue soouay yo snxau ayp yinostp ‘sny
‘purey ur spressas qpras ay
-nuwo2 ano ox uamax pue yduanysy 02 wayR wos} Wed} 02
‘sayeisqo s,2u0 aaoge asts 02 Aaxpiqe ay st 1 ‘Suyey|I4 JoInNO
eso oyp durneaq Ayduis 1oust (uese yaxwououssj}aqdwre,y
Sunmojfo}) wistor9py "ustosay Jo HuIIBaUos wiedq 2m 'S90N94}
soup Burnea49 Uy "AaquNaTwO> sno 0} $9019 NIU 938919
03 Sarunuoddo ayp avy am (20) {uous s9quoUuE UeRp ATTOS
5, wows a0 uo snaoy 194283 Yon pjnoM wIpows 3yp) $9014 UF
Sunp>e] Ajau0s plow e uy sloyderow pospay- {yy ont suo
<duosap jeuorstawiip-2u0 s1atp puosag ous 03 siaz2eNe49
sno smoyje — auda ssapuaeas e caur siojdgns pur 20}d sofeus
4p Jo uauidojaxap ay — {uors e jo uorssautiond ay)

adnan ap woy,
mou ssaiserey> atp puy "sarsesey> atp Woy smosl Aas ay]
_ pips uo on ]PAoIg a4p pure siake|d 942 Jo SOUBLNHN
2q251—2ouep atp soyew 1eyp eas axp jo darxajdinoo axp 200
sa] Buppenyaeaig aq ve> pnsoz942 ang sxdnon paouauadesye1
_SpAU pasiacadun, poor -unpays axp spuy suoksasa 230499,
Sonpead ajay ayer u2yo ar ang "ods ap uo Atows aout a1e19
ue Sumas Sunsixo uw pur sia}oeseyp Sumnsixo Yplos UMOP 216
2 adnan fur poo8 y "odua atp pue 2isnu aip soplscad
‘ouep aetp oy sdns ayp si9s ayo ais aeyp Jo am2NHS
2UL 32uep stom arp rays A828 atp 98 aPTUONP sy 30}
sBumnos pue soyd axp sonaap oys sayjpuuoig 94 "Buryjou03s
ur oxs oup souoa smp pury "pjojun ue> sewresp staxp a1aym
Beis w paou soupy] "wnnoeA w Uy IIX9 1OUMUWD "ToADMOY ‘1
2b.6y Yong "shou ox oUEYD WSN seals ssARDEIEYD SIA

ouny e Sulpuly

‘oun wasnf soustus w suyewioy 94 ng ‘possi ancy ays
‘am sSunp jo asdunyi e sapiacid so1sesey> ay] ‘suoREMIEGO
ano ya op am rey 40} aIgIsuodso1 axe aM AJorEWI]
‘gues ARayey asa ano' JI jryueY WEY [Asay aI0W
aie suoneunuexs yo spury 2sotp — Yshotp ‘ses Huryoo)
242 ur ad e furyer woyysn dos 1129] 3,upnoysoyy ‘waqqord
eS] uoremys puosss sp Ajsnoragc) "Auo3s 242 Jo pom 342 Ur
280} 198 dew pue sa1sesey> sty sed 22s — 204 jm — 304UUeD
sndpjd paqanisip iy "sw9}qoud 3yp-foau wo anny w saw0999)
EYP ayE ISOM sI1 IY "AeR|D a20W sMOPEYS asoKP
296] ]npe we seyjashus jo smopeysazam ry sorserey> Ku
yo maquina eae x>eq pay}oo] 24ey | "yAWIEA s,s9x287e4> 94p JO
‘wos sume 1o4eyd ayn doypaap ov wy SurMOH Ur aIDeIeYD
aeqp Surdeyd ur ang — soioereyp Sursoy "we w ayeas9 we>
Plo> pue ysseq swans oy auoawog "948 se SAH [YOu INO Ut
ioura aeip s190e} heave 2y8t4 99ROU 3, UOp aM UDAa EUR SIT.
-lyeuosiad ano yo 8198) no sug Surkejdajous9q SW

{yo 3xemeun sp ay UDA 16K
aypasd s1y jo sized woyy ‘a4eqd axp Jo Aayeuosiad ay woy
ddaas so zexeyp aup Jo Aayjeuostad 92 S90P IO {2UALaYIp os
oma atp aay , phous soaaese4> Au ang, "Aes Ay 9%, OEP
op 29820 pyiom J, ‘who ano 4famUS 20U sSRIsUAxIEIeYD
49 spessed 9q Aow! Soy — uayo aiow — 40 ‘sino 941}
auinb suoneridse so sureasp ‘sarisap yata sfenprarput ag eur
Ay Zatear> 24 ,s90u9y, axp ‘SI91DELEYP 94p 942 OYA

‘Sa4f9S aR IMO 92¢ 03 Urea] A>IeUE

Jnjn aa wyp ‘suonaoyas Huyjzznd soup siutsos pue ,soTUr
ep, aey2 18 Buryooy Ut ‘ssapoud uoNwarD 1ax3esEy> 341 USE
2] "siuourppp asoyp on syeads rey oyderaus w a1e919 02 pUE
souoy ax TEA 238 02 UAIDyAP

1 AIRY 998 02 SOAs

7c


IES

NO Ail

Appendix: Indices

Player: I've gothe "Auraof
"1s" and double all my successes

Storyteller: Huh?

Don't you hate stuf like this? You're in the middle of a game
when somebody pulls up some obscure reference that takes you half
and hour to locate. Screech! There goes the story. It shouldn't
happen, butt does. ll dhe time. While many — ifn all —of the
Storytellersystems are optional, w'salwayshandytoknow where all

* Merit. Thales me verollalmy

the res and variants are, justin case.

Flipping through a pile of books
4 pain, In the interest of saving you time
included a aily thorough index of ules, magicks and othet helpful
stuff, The following listings cover all of the books released as of
‘August, 1997, and include afew references when possible) to books
published through December of that year. Supplements that hadn't
been laid out at the time this index was compiled have been
asterisked(*), Forspace considerations, some of the more indepth
systems have simply been refered back tothe Mage second edition
rulebook's own index (pages 291-234). Enjoy!

Abbreviation Key & Book

Sequence Numbers

+ Mage Main Line Books

= Mage Screen First Edition (#2, and good riddance toi!)
BoCH = The Book of Chantres (#3)

LoF = Loom of Fate (=4)

P = Technocracy: Progenitor (25)

DW = Digital Web (#6)

BoS = The Book of Shadows (#7)

CF = The Chaos Factor (#8)

IX = Technocracy: Iteration X (+9)

inthe midale ofthe action és

effort and hair, we've

WO = Technocracy: NWO (#11)

ARH = Ascension's Right Hand (#12)

M2 = Mage Second Edition (#13)

HL = Hiden Lore (=14)

VE = Technocracy: Void Engineces (#15)

H = Horizon: The Stronghold of Hope (#16)

BoC = The Book of Crafts (#17)

BoW = Beyond the Barriers: The Book of Worlds (#18)

BoMR = The Book of Mirrors (#19)

#5 = Technocracy: Syndicate (+20)

TT = The Technomancer's Toybox (#21)

* Tradition Books

VA = Virtual Adepts (Trad Book #1)

V = Verbena (Trad Book #2)

cons of Ether (Trad Book #3)

ashic Brothethood (Trad Book #4)

lestial Chorus (Trad Book #5)

CoE = Cult of Ecstasy (Trad Book #6)

1D = Dreamypeakers (Trad Book #7)

= Euthanatos (Trad Book #8)

*O0H » Order of Hermes (Trad Book #9)

' Additional Supplements

ARC = Hills of the Arcanum

DP = Destiny's Price (Black Dog)

FL = Freak Legion (Black Dog)

EP = The Fragile Path

MC = Mage Classics I: The Book of Chantries & Digital Web
(Note: page numbers follow original books' order)

MT = Mage Tarot Card Set

WD:0 = World of Darkness: Outcasts (Hollow Ones)

*WDsS = World of Darkness: Sorcerets (hedge magicians)

Magick Index

BoM = The Book of Madness (#10)
General Magick Yi)or'sens
Systems

til We Maga 351,

154 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide

djs Coleone YES
peerrersen nt

Rotes&
Magickal
Effects

=f


\OAINN|

p


156 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage St


ZZ

N
y

e Character Systems

Abilities

Appendix: Indices 157


Backgrounds

Points)

General

158 The Book of Mirrors: The Mage Storytellers Guide


Group Specialties

The Otherworlds

tenttouebte Stchnere W426 Ba

Ibe (Deb- Toe) *E (sheen? VAs628), DWT. *TTs akon)

References & Resources

(Creates hiding your sources
-— Mack Reine Hagen, Vampire: The Masquerade

+ Adler, Margot, Drawing Dou the Moon
* Alas Games' Wears ofthe CoasWhite Wolf ion Rampant, As
"Magia (has ben trough more editions and publisher than God)
* Backer, Clive, ne, Te
Heat
+ Becker Udo The Canton Enea of Symbol
« Blake, Willan, The Book of Unan, The Mariage of Heaven and Hell
* * Campbell, Joseph, Myths to Live By, The Her with a Tnsend
Fees, The Power of Myc (aoa video series)

eee Tn deen
© Carse, James P., Finive and Infinite Games
# * Castanea, Carls, Journey wo len, The Art of Dreaming, The
‘Second Ring of Power
#* Chornaky, Noun, Deering Denacacy, Manufcttng Consent
(aioa film), Neceseary Mien: Though Conan DemacatiSokt-
ss, World Odes Old and New
#* Darul, Arkon, A Hisar of Secret Soi
* Denning, Mela and Philips, Osborne, The Foundations of High
Mage
+ *Ellson, Harlan, Have No Mouth and! Must Scream, Pngad ond
ther esos, Seating the Nighmare (aka, Edges I), Srange
Wine
+ ErovFancagraphis (Dennis Cramer), Mora: Cec Sharaess
+ Fannon, Sean Patrick, The Roleplaying Game' Bile
+ Fontan, David, The Sees Lage of Sb
* Geleter, Davi

rea and Secret Show, The Hellound

* Gibson, Willa, Newomancer, Burning Chrome

* Hardison Je, O.B, Disappearing Through the Shyligh

¢ Hawke, Simon, The Wiad of th Sect

‘* Heim, Michael, The Metaphysics of Viewal Reality

‘* * HERO Games (Aaron Allston), Lands of Mystery, Ske Force
‘¢ Howand, Michael, The Occule Conspiracy

‘= * Juscer, Norton, The Phantom Tollbooth

‘* Krg, Donald Michael, Mader Magik

' * Lackey, Mercedes, Biming Water, Mags Pawn, Magi' Promise
Magi' Price, Saced Ground

‘McWilliams, Peter, Ain't Nobody's Busines if You Do

Pirsig, Robere M, Lila, Zen and the Art of Motoreyele Maintenance
'* Postman, Neil, Technopoly: The Surrender of Cute to Technology
*# Smith, Huston, The Msraed World's Religions

‘© * Starhawk, The Spiral Dance, Truh or Dare

‘© * Time/Life Books, The Great Ages of Man series

*# * Turner Publishing, The Native Americans: An Ilustated Hisory
*# * Tyson, Donald, The New Mags, Ritual Magic

*# * Vertigo Comics (DC Comics; most available in trade paperback
ecions), The Books of Magic, Death (The High Cos of Ling and The
Time of Your Life), Doctor Arcane, Doom Paro, Ghosdancing, John
Consumcne: Helblazer, Sandman, Shade: The Changing Man, The
Inuistbles, Vamps, and Wicheraft

* Volk, Tyler, Metapaters

# * Wilson, Robert Anton, The IluminatisTalogy, Realityis What You
Can Get Away With, Sex & Drugs

Appendix: Indices 159


Common Magickal Effects

ep poniechiniannr

* Body Magick
‘Adapt to Hacards
‘Animate Corpse or Pars
‘Cause/Care Disease
(Create Body

Life2 (3)
Life 2 Prime 2

Life2 (3)

Life 2 (imple) or 5 (com
plex)/ Prime 2

Life 5 Prime 2

Life 3 (4)

Life2(3)

Life 3/ Mocter2

Life 3 (4)

Time 3

Life 4 Spit 4) Prime 2
Entropy 4 (or Life 4)

Life 4 (5)

Life3

Life (whoteverSphereapplcs)

Doplicate Body

(Grow New Limbs or Other Features

Healftlarm

Heal/Harm Vampires

Increase Physique/Trats

Increase Speed

Revive Dead

Rot Body

‘Shapeshift

‘Soak Aggravated Damage
ansform into Another Element

* Objects & Element

Conjure New Elements

Conjure New Objects

Create "Physical" Il

Direct Existing Elements

Disintegrte an Object

Harden/Perfet an Object

Anwisibty Field

Forces 3/ Prime
Matter 3 Peime 2
Forces 2+/ Prime 2

Forces 2+

Entropy 3/ Time 3 (or Matter 3)
Matter 3+

Forces 2+

Invisbiltyon Living Being Forces 2/Life2

Levitation Flying Forces 2+ (oF Correspondence 3/
Macter 2)

Enwropy 2

Life o
Shift Probability
SpeedSlow Velocity
Transform Objects
‘Transform Forces

Forces 2+

Marter2+/(whatew

Forces3+/whateveeSphereaplies)

* Perceptions & Psychic Powers

Astral Projection Mind 4+

Clairvoyance ‘Comrespondence 2 (or Correspondien
Mind 3)

Create Mental Mision Mind 2+

Enter a Dream, Mind 3

Influence Mood Mind 2

Mind Contzol Mind 4

Precog/Posteng Mind 2/ Time 2 (or Time2)

Mind3

Mind 3 (or Mind 3/ Life 3 for

agg, damage)

Mind I (or Spite 1)

See Avatar Mind 3/ Prime 2f Spit 1

Sce Through Another Eyes Mind3

See Through Mental Illusions Mind 4

Sense Energles (appropriate Sphere) 1

Shield Mind Mind 2

Subliminal Influence Mind 3+

Telepathy Mind 3

Telekinesis Forces 2

Trandate Languages Mind 3 (orMind)3/ Forces? foragroup)
* Quintessence

Absorb Quin

‘Channel Quintessence Between Things

Create Node

Psychic Disruption
Paycho-Physical Damage

See Auras

essence Prime 1
Prime 3

Matter 3/Prime 3
Prime 4 (object)
cor 5 (creature)

Destroy Something with Quintesence

Drain Node
Drain Quintessence
Fuel New Pattern
Refine Tass

* Spirit Powers
BlesyCurse
(Command Spieit
Spirit
Create Fetish
Create Talisman
Drain Spirit Energy
Enter Uinbea

Prime 4
Prime 3
Prime 2

Prime 3

Entropy
Mind 4) Spire 4
Spire 3
Spirie 4
Prime 4
Prime 4 Spirit 4
Spice 3
Spire 3
Spirie4
Spit 2

Spitie2

Conjure

Harm
(OpenClose Umbral Por
Speak to Spirit
Touch Spinie

* Time & Dis
Ace Distant Irem/Being (Correspondence 2
Correspondence 4 Life 2
‘Comespondence 3
(or Forces 2+/ Prien 2)

(Conjure Earthly Being

Create Multiple Images
Create Multiple Objects ‘Conrespondence 5) Matter 3/
Prime 2

Enter VR. Astrally

Enter V.R. Physically

(Open Gateway Between Locations
‘Set Time Trigger

SpeediSlow Time

Teleport

Time Travel

WardfBan,

Correspondence 2
Correspondence 3/Life 3
Correspondence 4

Time 4

Time 3

Contespondence 3 (4)
Time 5+

‘Comrespondence 2

Permission granted to photocopy this page for personal use only


WAGE, By s
