# File: The Sea of Shadows.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

29

A Storyeller's Guide to my
for Writ: fhe Oblivion"


A Storytellers Guide to the Tempest
A Sourcebook for Wraith: The Oblivion



The flood subsides, and the body, like a worn sea-shell
emerges strange and lovely.

And the little ship wings home, faltering and lapsing
on the pink flood,

and the frail soul steps out, into her house again
filling the heart with peace

Swings the heart renewed with peace
even of oblivion.

Oh build your ship of death, oh build it!
for you will need it
For the voyage of oblivion awaits you.

—from D. H. Lawrence's "The Ship of Death"


Credits

Written by: Nicky Rea
Developed by: Jennifer Hartshorn

Editing: Annie Schult:

Additional Editing: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Kathleen Ryan

Art: John Cobb, Jeff Miracola, E. Allen Smith, and Joshua
Gabriel Timbrook

Cover Art: Jeff Miracola

Cover Design: Lawrence Snelly

White Wolf, Inc. Execs

Mark Rein®Hagen and Stewart Wieck, Owners

Stephan Wieck, President

Wes Harris, Vice President of Marketing

Michael Krause, Vice President of Sales

Richard Thomas, Vice President of Production and Design
Ken Cliffe, Director of Development and Editing
Benjamin T. Monk, Jr., Controller

Rebecca Schaefer, Warehouse Manager

Call (404) 292-1819

SUITE 100
g 780 PARK NORTH BLID.
"CLARKSTON, GA 30021

CAME STUDIO

©1995 by White Wolf, Inc.. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of re-
views. Wraith: The Oblivion, and The Sea of Shad-
ows are trademarks and copyrights of the White Wolf
Game Studio. All names, titles, characters and text
herein are copyrights of White Wolf unless otherwise
noted.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
marks or copyrights concerned.

Because of the mature subject matter contained
herein, reader discretion is advised.

Printed in Canada

The Sea oe Shadows

Special Thanks to:

Keith "Friendly Skies" Winkler, for his airborne romancing.
Danny "Home Alone" Landers, for going it on his own.
Rebecca "Deadly Pocketbook" Schaefer, watch where you
swing that thing, Rebecca!

Diane "Bite Your A**" Zamojski, for her creative Xmas
present.

Louvie "Oh God, Cut It Off!" Locklear, for her hair hor-
ror story at the slumber party.

Mike "Now They Pay Me!" Chaney, for his shameless plugs
to get published.

Brad "Going Postal" Butkovich, for his do-it-yourself ap-
proach to mail.

R. Christian "Continental" Naberhause, for taking on the
world (or at least all of its accounts).

Sarah "Boyfriend in a Teepee" Timbrook, for her dating
adventures.

Emory "No Really, I Don't Drink" Hester, for changing
his mind after meeting us.

Eric "Pinkie" Turnbow, for his creative way of getting out
of work.

Jim "Old Timer" Souter, for being the old man of the pack.
Bruce "Rain on the Scarecrow" Butkovich, for his band
obsession.

Author's Special Thanks

To Jackie Cassada, Jennifer Hartshorn and Jim
Crabtree, they know why.
A very special thank you to my play testers: Beth

Bostic, Carla Hollar and Jackie Cassada for their elev-
enth hour assistance.


Iroduction
Chapter One: Within the Soul Dark Sea 0
Chapter Two: Riders on the Storm 00
Chapter Three: By Darkness Overtaken ‘ ip
Canter four Adit onthe Sea of Shadows = «67

Appendix: The Ferryman s Sack 0 ;


VahtahAclsar

roduction

"Don't look, don't look," the shadows breathe,

Whispering me away from you.

— The Cure, "Burn"

heard them coming long before they
reached me. I knew I had overstayed my
welcome in the Necropolis: gathering
‘one more piece of information, acquir-
ing that last bit of juice. I'd be sorry to
leave. For an area controlled by the Hi-
erarchy, it wasn't too bad. Different ar-
eas are more heavily patrolled than others and those of us
on more covert business tend to stay far away from the Cita-
del. Now the Legionnaires were headed for my safe house.
Someone might have sold me out. Maybe I just got careless.
Iewas time for Johnny Liar to go.

"Come on," Twin whispered, "We can take them. Why
run from them again? They may have powerful relics or Ar-
tifacts."

"That's exactly why we can't face them," I replied, "They
may be too powerful for us."

"Have I ever let you down?" Twin sounded hurt, but
still excited, like he thought we could really win a confron-
tation with the Legionnaires. I knew that over-confident
tone, He'd gotten me in trouble before with his wheedling
assurances.

"We can't win, "I finally said, "Let's go now before they
find us. It won't do our circle any good if we never get back
toreport what we know."

"Don't give me that shit. They aren't your Circle, they're
your clients. You're not going to tell them what you know
unless they pay real well and we both know it." Twin paused
for a moment.

"We can take them, Johnny! I know it," he pleaded,
"Just give ita try. If I'm wrong, we can always escape into the
Tempest."

"No, Twin."

"You're just afraid. We could ambush them. They have
some really good stuff..."

"We're here for information."

"Who better to tell us about the Hierarchy's plans than
a Legionnaire? We'll capture one."

I thought about it. If we could capture a Legionnaire,
we might find out secrets that we could never discover on
our own. And some Legionnaires carry weapons fashioned
of Stygian steel. I sure wouldn't mind having one of those.
Maybe Twin was right this time.

"You'd better be right," I said at last.

"['m right! We'll ambush them and capture one. Use
Tempest Threshold to open a way into the Tempest for us to
jump through. Ir'll be worth it."

The inside of the oil drum where I hid was old and rusted
Tipped slightly on its side and leaning against an old mat-
tress frame, it provided a good vantage point. I piled up sev-
eral crates, leaving a small alleyway between them. I hoped
this would attract the searchers' attention more than my
open-ended oil drum. The Legionnaires were moving through
the area, meticulously searching both sides of the street. A
few of them had barghests. I laughed a little to myself, know-
ing the Oblivion-sniffers wouldn't find me. Twin was right.
As split apart as they were while they were searching, a sur-
prise attack could take one out in no time. I was ready.


One Legionnaire fell for it. Chalk another one up for
Johnny Liar. He started slowly moving down between the
crates. Quietly, I climbed out of the oil drum and crept over
to grapple him.

"Do it!" hissed Twin. I could feel his strength added to
my own. We tackled the Legionnaire, toppling him to the
ground and straddling him. His sword clattered to the ground.
Twin and I grabbed for it. Then I felt the first white-hot
pains rip through my back. Blistering cold leapt from the
wound in my back and tore throughout my body...slowing
me...numbing my mind. As I screamed in agony at the metal's
bite of Oblivion, I recalled that Legionnaires always work in
pairs, at least. Twin giggled.

"That's right, Johnny Liar," he leered, "Never less than
pairs. Forgot something, didn't you?"

Why didn't Twin help me? Didn't he realize they'd take
us in for questioning? We'd be collared and made into Hier-
archy slaves. We might even be smelted down into coins.
Summoningall my of concentration, I ripped open the mem-
brane and tumbled into the seething Tempest.

"Johnny?"

The voice was warm and caring; a velvety caress to my
battered mind. I opened my eyes and stared into the vault of
midnight above my face. Brilliant, silvery stars were scat-
tered across the immense sky. They winked and twinkled
overhead. I felt a gentle, rocking motion and heard the splash
of water lapping near me. A dark pole or paddle was lifted
momentarily above the waves, then dipped into them again.
I was cuddled in the embrace of a reed boat; its curved sides
reminded me of an old Irish curragh.

Craning my head back, I got a look at the steersman.
He was tall, proudly erect and covered with a dark, hooded
robe that afforded me no glimpse of his face. The being was
a Ferryman. Ha! Now I was safe. Even if they managed to
follow me into the Tempest, no Legionnaire would screw
with a Ferryman. No wonder everything seemed so calm.

I had expected to jump into the worst part of the Tem-
pest. Not that there are any good parts, but not having the
luxury of looking in before I leapt almost guaranteed a nasty
surprise or two. That's just the way the old Sea of Shadows
is. Speaking of Shadows, | wondered where Twin had gone.
The last I'd seen of him he was laughing at me. Now here I
was, not even wet. Where was he?

"You're a Ferryman, aren't you?" I asked my hooded sav-
ior. He bowed his head in assent.

"That means you have to protect me and get me through
the Tempest, right?"

"That is the usual custom," he replied, "Although we
have yet to strike a bargain for my services."

"Do you know where I want to go?" He nodded again. |
admit it. I was impressed. I'd heard a lot about the Ferrymen,
but I'd never met one before.

"What do you want?" I inquired, hoping that I had
enough of whatever coin he demanded.

"A mere portion of your time."

That sounded promising. | sat up, looked around and
noticed the golden sheen to the channel of water on which
we were traveling. The wind was a gentle breeze, yet strong
enough to bring the oily, rancid, sea-scent to my attention.
Where were the howling gales and Spectred waves that I
always found in the Tempest?

"Do not worry," the Ferryman soothed, "Nothing shall
harm you as long as I am near."

"So what about this time thing?" I asked, "How much
time do you want?"

The Ferryman gently lifted his paddle and skimmed it
along the surface, turning us onto another shimmering,
golden pathway that crossed the one we were on.

"The amount of time required depends upon you," the
Ferryman stated.

"Could you be a little more specific?" I asked, "If you
know where I want to go, you must know I have information
that a lot of people want. I can't stay away too long. Every-
thing will change and the information will be of no use to
them. What do you want me for anyway?"

"| have need of a double for a few hours," he explained,
"You are very skilled in Argos. You would be able to take my
place and steer my boat through the Tempest while I am
briefly gone."

"You mean you want a day off?" | smiled. Actually, I
wasn't really sure I could fill in for a Ferryman. I'd heard
they're pretty tough. I felt Twin nudge me.

"Sure you can," he whispered, "You know you want to.
Besides, who's going to mess with a Ferryman?"

"Where the hell have you been?" I demanded angrily,
"You weren't much help back there."

"ll make it up to you. Come on, this'll be fun." I could.
feel Twin bending my will, persuading me to give in.

"What's the catch?" I questioned the Ferryman.

"There is none," came the calm reply, "You take my.
place, steer my boat and pretend to be me. In exchange, I'll
take you where you want to go. You could, of course, leave
my protection and try to make it on your own. But why not
play it safe and earn my gratitude?" Framed in the dim glow
of the night sky, he lifted his head enough for me to make
out the outline of a shadowy face,

"What do I have to do?"

"As I said, merely steer the boat," he said, then he paused,
"However, there are two conditions. You must guide the boat
to the end of this byway; you cannot abandon my boat or
turn aside from this path, for then I will not know where to
find you when I return. Second, you must not pick up any
passengers, for they might discern that you are no true
Ferryman. Are we agreed?"


I considered it over and over, searching for a flaw. Not
that I didn't intend on lying any

"Let's do it," Twin urged, "Hey, our own Ferryman's boat.
We could make a killing with this thing." Yeah, we could.

"How long will you be gone again?" I asked

"A few hours, no more."

Ie wasn't a lot of time, but if I took a shortcut I knew,
maybe we could fit in a quick smuggling operation, then sell
the boat. It would take the Ferryman some time to track us
down — if he even bothered. After all, he was probably do-
ing something just as underhanded as our scheme, then try-
ing to cover it up with this double scam.

"Sure. Why not?" I said. He nodded. Reaching behind
him, he pulled out a dark, hooded robe. I slipped it on and
pulled up the hood.

"{ hope I don't have to navigate by the stars," I quipped,
gesturing toward the pinpricks of light above our heads.

"You do not. In any case, those are nihils, not stars. Now,
listen closely. You must grasp the oar gently with both hands,
then propel the boat with light strokes. If you pull too hard,
you will tire and you may lose your grip on the oar. You must
not lose the oar. The boat cannot be steered without it. Re-
member, stay in this channel, pull the oar softly through the
water and pick up no passengers." The Ferryman slipped the
oar into my hands then lowered himself over the side of the
boat. "Until later." He stood on the surface for a moment,
then slowly sank out of sight.

"He's gone. Let's get out of here," Twin urged.

Now that I held the oar, I could see and feel the Tem-
pest raging around me in every direction. It seemed removed
somehow, as though it had no power to touch me. The soul-
freezing powers of Oblivion lay all around me, but I felt no
cold. Shrieks and moans howled alongside the wind as Twin
and I laughed at the powerlessness of the Sunless Sea. It held
no threat to us so long as we remained in the boat. The cur-
rent grew a little stronger and I carefully guided the oar
through the soul-drek. The grimy liquid stained the oar a
darker hue with each pull.

"Help me!" A feminine voice lifted above the sound of
the wind and I saw a pale and wretched-looking girl of about
seventeen swimming determinedly toward the boat. | lifted
the oar slightly above her grasping, desperate arms; then I
noticed the sharks encircling her. Yeah, I knew they were
Spectres in shark-form, but did she? I wondered how new
she was.

"Please...please help me," she sobbed.

I started to lower the oar. Twin poked me.

"What are you doing? If you're going to risk your butt to
save her, get something in return." He was right. Those were
Spectres harassing her. They could turn on me if I helped
her.

Introduction


Wainy

"Whav'll you give me if I save you?" I called, dipping
the oarsslightly, taunting her, so that she would make a futile
lunge for it. Twin laughed.

"Anything," she sobbed.

"How about that bracelet you're wearing?" I knew it had
to be a relic

"No, its...yes, take it!" she screamed as a Spectre-shark
nearly severed her arm

I leaned over the side of the boat and unhooked the
bracelet, keeping one hand firmly on the oar.

"Climb in, I offered.

"See if she has anything else," ctooned Twin, "Ifnot, we
can always sell her along with the boat."

She dragged herself over the edge and flopped in, knock-
ing me into the small space afforded by the boat. I lost my
balance and dropped the bracelet into the murky sea. | made
a wild grab for it as Twin shrieked, "Get it!"

Somehow, I lost my grip on the oar. A Spectre-shark
wrenched it from my grasp and arrowed rapidly away from
the boat.

"You stupid bitch!" I screamed at the gitl, slapping her
as she tried to sit up.

The boat began to spin in lazy circles, crossing the golden
path, then looping off of it, then back on as we turned and
turned. The wind became a fury, buffeting us from side to
side. Black, greasy waves filled with screaming faces and
crowned with gouts of foaming blood crashed over our little
craft, drenching us in the foul matter.

"Get out! We're too heavy!" I shrieked at the girl, trying to
manhandle her back out of the boat. She seemed terribly heavy
and I moved so slowly that she easily evaded me. My back be-
gan to hurt again. I'd forgotten the wound that the Legionnaire
had inflicted. Now it began to burn and throb with pain.

"You get out, Johnny," she calmly replied, smiling at me
with her toothy shark's grin, "If you can."

I'd had enough of this. The boat began to pitch and bounce,
swirling in progressively smaller circles. Soul-ichor flooded the
bottom of the craft and the winds roared insanely. Time to call
on the old Argos and abandon ship. I summoned up my Passion,
to fuel the Art. Nothing came...not a flicker.

I tried again, to no avail. Twin snickered.

"Johnny?" he whispered.

"What?" I barked in reply. I really wasn't in the mood
for one of his idiotic scenes.


"Look around you." he said. The girl stared at me with
niirror-bright eyes and licked her lips sensuously. I desper-
ately glanced around.

We were spinning in the center of a giant vortex, falling
farther and farther down every minute. Far below us lay a
deep crater, black and pulsing and, I sensed, hungry. The sides
of the vortex now rose a hundred feet above us. She moved
toward me, stretching out her impossibly long arms to en-
wrap me and pull me close. Her skin was made of rotting,
squirming maggots; her red lips a raw and bleeding wound.

"What will you give me to save you, Johnny?" she cackled.
tried again to use my Arcanos to move through the

Tempest, and I felt the stirrings of the power. Shoving her

away, [leapt upward and out of the boat — held fast, my feet

were glued to the boat as if nailed there.

"Twin, hel

Why?" he asked, "You're finally where I want you."

I screamed.

"No!" My back was afire, the waves were closing to-
gether overhead and I struggled frantically to free my feet,
tearing and rending myself in my desperate attempt to es-
cape the Oblivion which I now knew lay beneath me

"Feeling Harrowed yet?" asked Twin conversationally.

"What about the girl? She's innocent!" I cried.

"You don't really care about the girl," sneered Twin.

"What about her?" the girl answered, shrugging into
another dark, hooded robe which lay in the bottom of the
boat. I suddenly realized that I was looking at the Ferryman.

"Pay no attention to the girl," he rasped, "She never
existed, But I am surprised at you, Johnny Liar. You prom-
ised to follow the channel to the end, and, for once, you
kept your word. And you see, I kept mine. I've brought you
where you really wanted to go all along."

The Spectre-Ferryman grinned within his hood. The
roar of the vortex overwhelmed all sound, but I felt the lash
ofhis laughter as I slipped into the eternal Void.

e Tempest

ut of the south cometh the whirlwind; and
cold out of the north.

— Job: 37, ix, The Holy Bible

t, terrifying, storm-tossed
ocean, the Sea of Shadows is the roil-
ing, unknowable expanse of violence
known as the Tempest. Wraiths who
would travel from one area of the Underworld to another
must brave its Spectre-haunted depths, while those who fall
unwillingly into it must battle for their very existence against
their own Shadows. The Sea of Shadows surrounds, and some

Sy

say permeates, the entirety of the Underworld with the ex-
ception of the Shadowlands, that it encapsulates. Cold and
gloomy, it hinders travel between the inner realms and the
Shadowlands and collects the nightmares and memories of
those who pass through it, spewing them out in an eternally
raging storm. It is an inescapable, inexorable force that may
regurgitate the horribly destructive storms known as Mael-
stroms in response to upheavals in the Skinlands, great
changes in the Shadowlands, or as a prelude to either. Mael-
stroms roar through the realms and Shadowlands, leaving
vast destruction and change in their wake.

Ir is easiest to think of the Tempest as a huge and furi-
ous ocean in which Stygia and the Far Shores exist as realms.
Other realms lie within the Sea of Shadows' embrace as well,
whether they are mere islands or whole continents. Some
host strange beasts, others hold ports that serve as gateways
to Necropoli. Many are dream realms, bitterly beautiful and
evocative of all a wraith holds dear, afloat on the surface for
only a small time before sinking into the depths once more.
Others are places of nightmares and agony: Malfean Cita-
dels, inhabited by hordes of Shades, where tortured, scream-
ing wraiths are drained and twisted into Spectres for the
amusement of the Malfean overlord, The voracious maw of
the ever-hungry whirlpool of Oblivion waits beneath the
Tempest's surface. The lightless Void is annihilation personi-
fied. It chews up and vomits forth every shred of a wraith's
identity. Who knows what other horrors might lay-in-wait
beneath the surface in the inky depths below? This is how
most wraiths perceive the Tempest.

The Sea of Shadows is more than an infinitely power-
ful, vast, sunless sea. It is also a lake of cold fire, burning
through a wraith's self-delusions and setting flame to her
Passions. In some areas, the Tempest feels like quicksand; its
sandy, shifting liquid inexorably pulling those who would
pass through it down and into itself, sucking greedily at their
fears. Other portions are like seas of broken glass, filled with
the cast-off, sharpened filings of Stygian metal. The pieces
are too small to be worked, but large enough to wound a
wraith who passes through with the soul-bite of Oblivion. It
is a sea not of murky, viscous water, but of souls; every drop
is the pure of negative emotions — despair, hatred,
greed, envy, sadistic glee and overwhelming pride — that
has been squeezed out of countless souls and distilled into
midnight soul-ichor. The screaming faces and torn bodies of
those dread souls are caught within and reflected through-
out the liquid darkness. Immersed inside these fluids of foul-
ness, Spectres are whelped like half-term abortions, to swarm
and torture those who would brave passage through their
mother's birth canal. Others claim there's nothing there at
all.

en

Introduction

How to Use This Book

The Sea of Shadows is a sourcebook for both Storytell-
ers and players of Wraith. Within this book is information
on the following: the Tempest, its original purpose and how
it became twisted; the geography of the Underworld and its
relation to the Umbra; nihils; Spectres; Harrowings; Arti-
facts; pregenerated Storyteller characters and an adventure
suitable for any troupe. Though portions of the book should
be reserved for the Storyteller, much of the information may
be given (as hard-earned knowledge) to characters who have
traversed the Tempest or who survive a Harrowing

Since players are players, they will probably voraciously
read the book and memorize everything in it. It is suggested
that the Storyteller use what is included within this book as a
jumping-off point to create her own stories, Harrowings, Sto-
ryteller characters and Artifacts. Customizing material is one
of the best ways to internalize the mood and setting. It leads to
more exciting descriptions and interactions. Besides, it's hard
to scare people when they already know what will happen.

If The Sea of Shadows is being used in an ongoing
chronicle, the Storyteller may want to util
things: to move characters out of the Shadow!
other areas of the Underworld (or vice versa), to manufacture
more fiendish Harrowings based on the longer method dis-
cussed in Chapter Three, to familiarize the players with the
ways of crossing the Tempest and the dangers therein and to
introduce ongoing villains who can appear to plague the char-
acters, then disappear back into a stronghold within the depths
of the Tempest. Chronicles that are just starting could also
benefit from the uses detailed above, but might focus, from
the beginning, more on the Underworld and the Tempest.

Players may (with Storyteller permission) read through
various sections for ideas on personality, Passions, relics, Ar-
tifacts or Fetters. They may wish to have their characters know
(or know of) one or more of the Storyteller characters, a par-
ticular realm, a special Artifact or a rumored way to cross
through the Tempest. They could also harvest ideas for sto-
ries they'd like to see told. Sometimes a little prior informa-
tion can enhance the story for those involved. This could
give the story greater depth and reality, while heightening
any fear or trepidation the players might feel. A little knowl-
edge is indeed a dangerous thing, particularly in Wraith.

Theme

The Sea of Shadows should be terrifying. It is the per-
sonification of the unknown which may sweep characters
away or trap them as near-mindless servants of Oblivion,
doomed to spend eternity corrupting and destroying others.
The Tempest is a frontier that must be crossed. It's a place
where Spectres wait in ambush and Maelstroms churn

it to do several

lands and into


through the depths, obliterating paths and catching wraiths
up in their change-embrace, leaving them twisted with cor-
nuption. Oblivion waits within the Tempest, greedily suck-
ing down all who are too weak to resist the demand of its
siren's call. In this realm of terror, wraiths' Shadows revel
and shriek, beating at the bars which hold them in check
and demanding that they have their turn at control. Within
the Tempest, wraiths must face their fears, shortcomings,
shame and desires. The theme is confrontation: confronta-
tion of the unknown, confrontation of the Spectres that
haunt the Sunless Sea's murky vastness and most importantly,
confrontation of the self.

In the end, the Tempest is only the staging area where
the battle rages between a wraith's lighter and darker sides.
Each trip through the Sea of Shadows is a journey of self-
exploration and a confrontation of all that is most foul within
oneself, Spectres, wraith-slavers, Maelstroms and whirlpools,
may be no more raging than each wraith's unconscious bent
on destruction and consumption. Many times the wraith may
keep to the safe path, refusing to see that which gibbers within
herself. She may travel from one area to another within the
Tempest with relative ease. Sooner or later, however, she must
face that which holds the key to her innermost soul, her own
unconscious, that dark mirror which wraiths call the Shadow.
Recognizing it and overcoming its base urges result in the
culmination of the journey, and allows the triumphant wraith
toonce again emerge from the Tempest to a safe and familiar

<a

place — for a while, Those who fall to their Shadow's tricks
and blandishments must still confront their dissolution as they
ked into Oblivion and destroyed

are su

Mood

The Tempest is a realm of terror where wraiths must con-
front their worst nightmares and survive or be destroyed. Vir-
tually anything can happen in the Sea of Shadows, and that
can cause great fear as the wraith must battle the unknown
without knowing what weapons might best serve the pur-
pose. The stakes are high — continuation, loss-of-self or de-
struction. Because so many possibilities are inherent in the
Tempest, it cannot be adequately experienced by sticking to
just one mood, Although the underlying mood might be hor-
ror or terror, uncertainty or anger, these are best seen in jux-
taposition to that which is normal, unthreatening or beauti-
ful. Certainly bittersweet longing for that which the wraith
has lost, unendurable sorrow, even a sense of confusion and
desperation as the wraith tries to remember her past are domi-
nant moods. But joy, relief and even humor have their place.
As long as the Storyteller keeps in mind the basic theme —
confrontation — and the underlying mood, any other mood,
from exhilaration at beating a Harrowing to despair over los-
ing a beloved Fetter, is not only possible, but also helps to set
off the dominant mood by comparison.


Many settings within the Tempest are detailed in this book.
Their variety should be an indication of what is possible in the
Sea of Shadows. Any conceivable setting can be found within
the Sunless Sea. Mythic kingdoms, lands of ultimate horror,
inescapable prison realms, beautiful faerie glades, desolate and
deadly oceans, storm-tossed cloud cities and dozens of other
realms swirl through and under and over the Sunless Sea, await-
ing discovery. Settings are limited only by the Storyteller's imagi-
nation and the players' desires and interest. Whether these
realms are reality, a reflection of a wraith's innermost desires or
a phantasmal fantasy is ultimately for each troupe to say. Some
troupes will feel more comfortable with set, stable realms which
are the "real, true" setting of Wraith; others will enjoy topping
one another with more and more fantastic dream reflections.
Some will appreciate the inherent horror of playing out their
Angst and Passion against a backdrop that is no more than the
symbolic, physical representation of their unconscious minds.

The Storyteller should feel free to change descriptions
whenever the characters leave an area and return to it later.
When doing so, however, certain portions should remain the
same so that the players don't become hopelessly lost in a
tangle of unfamiliar places. If the characters leave an island
where orange and coconut trees shade a white, scimitar
shaped beach, but later return to it, they may find that the
beach is now the purest black sand, or the trees have be-
come stately pillars. Enough should be familiar so that they
recognize the place. This reflects the passing through of mi-
nor Maelstroms or a change in the characters' perceptions.

information Within the Book

The chapters in The Sea of Shadows

around a particular kind of information:

Chapter One: Within the Soul-Dark Sea

This chapter focuses more fully on what the Tempest is,
the positions of various realms within it and information on
the byways and areas surrounding the more stable realms.
Also covered are a few unstable realms, nihils and other open-
ings into and out of the Tempest, time and movement within
the Tempest and the Underworld's relation to the Umbra

Chapter Two: Riders on the Storm

Spectres, monsters and ravening creatures, the denizens
of the Tempest, are examined in this chapter. Also noted are
the Great Maelstroms and the smaller ones (called Soul-
Storms) that move through the Sunless Sea, warping and
changing those they overcome. Also covered are less-men-
acing beings such as the enigmatic Ferrymen.

Sto

are each based


3 Darkness Overtaken

Chapter Three explores Harrowings. It examines their
original purpose, why and how they have changed and fo-
cuses on several different types. A few optional suggestions
on new systems for running Harrowings, making them more
orless deadly, are also included

Chapter Four: Adrift on the Sea of Shadows

This chapter is a ready-to-run adventure that can be
used for any troupe and adapted to an existing or starting
chronicle. Much of the action occurs in the Tempest. Sev-
tral locations and choices exist which may be explored in
accordance with the players' actions or at the Storyteller's
whim

fopendix: The Ferryman's Sack

Several Artifacts and new Arcanos are included in the
Appendix for quick and easy reference.

lexicon

Ifan entry does not appear here and is not defined in the
text, consult the Lexicon in Wraith: The Oblivion, p. 31

Angelics: Plasmic entities that seem like the classic idea
of angels; they are usually benign

Barrow-flame: A cold flame that burns wraiths like a
normal fire would burn the living.

Byways: Semi-permanent paths, roads, rails and rivers
thatrun through the Tempest and connect the inner realms.
Utilizing byways is the safest method of crossing the Tem-
pest.

Channels: Liquid byways. Technically, they are no dif-
ferent from normal byways.

Darklight: An Artifact produced by the Soul-Pirates of
the Far Shores. It provides illumination without calling at-
tention to them by shining within the darkness of the open
sea.

Dark Umbra: Another term for the Underworld, used
mostly by Garou and mages.

Deliriums: Plasmic entities (creatures) that resemble
bizarre and unusual near-animals (lion-headed snakes, for
example)

Demo
idea of demons; they are usually inclined to be evil.

Plasmic entities that seem like the classic

Destruction Harrowings: Harrowings which have no
quarry or target (such as a Fetter or Passion), but try to di-
rectly consume the wraith with Oblivion.

Introduction

Dopplegangers: Strong, somewhat-independent Spec-
tres who retain their Fetters and Passions. They are the fa-
vorite servants of Malfeans.

Euthanatos: Mages who study entropy and who are of-
ten filled with a great deal of death energy.

Ferrymen: Wraiths who travel throughout the Tempest.
They will take on passengers for a price.

Fetters: Ties that bind a wraith to her old life in the
living world. They can be people, places or things.

Hidden Ones: Displaced or dispossessed wraiths who
have nowhere else to go. They form communities along the
banks of the River of Death.

Isle of Sorrows: The rocky island at the delta of the
River of Death. Stygia is built on it.

Labyrinth: The horribly winding passages, tunnels and
stairs which lead to Oblivion at the heart of the Underworld.

Lake of Cold Fire: A Shifting Zone that tests a wraith's
Passions.

Land of Bedlam: A Shifting Zone where the resident
wraiths' insanities are given physical form.

Legendaries: Plasmic entities that resemble legendary
creatures like unicorns or dragons.

Lost Souls: Souls who have never had their cauls re-
moved or who remove their own; they wander the Tempest.

Miasma: A Shifting Zone that plays havoc with a
wraith's memories.

Monasties: Groups of wraiths that reside along the River
of Death. They usually practice one religion and are not as
likely to kidnap wraiths to "convert" them as are Heretics
associated with the Far Shores.

Necropolis Ports: Openings to various Necropoli which
afford wraiths an easier path to travel to and from them.

Nephandi: Corrupted mages who serve demonic mas-
ters called Malfeans. They may or may not be the Wraith
Malfeans.

Nephwracks: Dopplegangers who have been twisted and
devolved by the powers of Oblivion to such an extent that
they can no longer pass for normal wraiths.

Nightmare Ride: Another name for a Harrowing; oc-
casionally used to describe a particularly extended Harrow-
ing.

Nihils: Holes into the Shadowlands from the Tempest.
They are like festering sores, allowing Spectres and Mael-
stroms easy access to the Shadowlands.

Ocean of Acid: A Shifting Zone which harms wraiths
who are caught in

Phantasies: Plasmic entities who resemble normal ani-
mals. Sometimes known as "road kill."

Pirates: Groups of wraiths who waylay others in the
Tempest and rob them of their material (plasmic) goods.

The Sea of Shadows


Plasmic Entities: Creatures made of plasm who inhabit
the Tempest. They are not Malfeans or wraiths.

Pool of Bittersweet Remembrance: A Shifting Zone in
which wraiths may remember some heretofore forgotten piece
from their past.

Quagmire: Shifting Zone in which wraiths can become
trapped.

Quarry: The object of a Harrowing; a Passion or Fetter.

River of Death: The main byway through the Tempest.

Sargasso Sea: Shifting Zone in which wraiths may be-
come mired.

Sargasso Spectres: The Spectres who inhabit the Sar-
gasso Sea and attack the wraiths caught in it

Sea of Broken Glass: Shifting Zone in which Stygian
metal dross is suspended, it causes injury to wraiths who pass
through.

Sea of Shadows: Name sometimes used to describe the
Tempest; in actuality, the Sea of Spectres that surrounds the
Labyrinth.

Sea of Souls: The sea and seawall made up of Moliated
and bound thralls that surrounds Stygia and affords it some
protection from Maelstroms.

Shard Spectres: Spectres who inhabit the Sea of Bro-
ken Glass. They have shards of Stygian steel imbedded in
their bodies.

Shifting Zones: Areas within the Tempest that may
appear randomly and almost without notice

Soul-Pirates: Slavers who capture wraiths to use as
thralls, They work only for the Far Shores.

Soul-Storms: Smaller Maelstroms that can twist a
wraith's body or mind.

Stygian Steel: Metal which has been crafted from the
smelted souls of wraiths and alloyed to ore mined from the
Venous Stair (a portion of the Labyrinth). It is infused with
the cold of Oblivion. Also known as darksteel.

Sunless Sea: Name sometimes used to describe the Tem-
pest; in actuality, a vast sea lying between Stygia and the Far
Shores.

Target Harrowings: Harrowings which have a target or
quarry (a Passion or Fetter). Rather than directly attacking
the wraith, these Harrowings try to destroy their quarry in
order to weaken the wraith.

Tempest Fugit: Shifting Zone in which time is greatly
speeded up.

Weeping Bay: The half-moon shaped bay where Charon
was lost. It serves as the Port of Stygia.

Wyrds: Plasmic entities who look like weird, alien crea-
tures and have radically different thought processes.



Chapter One:
ithin the Soul-Dark Sea

The Tempest is the vast, underworld ocean and unceasing storm that separates one realm
from another in the land of the dead. Once it was but a placid sea o'er which we crossed, ferrying
‘our charges whence they would go. The great sea spread outward from the mighty River of
Death. We built our boats from the reeds which grew along the river and sailed up and down its
length and across the Sunless Sea to the Far Shores, carrying countless souls to find their rest
Those days are no more. None among us now knows or remembers what grave truths or foul lies
caused the change. We only know, to our sorrow, its result.

— from the Journal of Actemaeon, Ferryman

In the Skinlands, there are dependable determinants for

‘)
, e 0 direction. Gravity provides a "down" and "up," while the
cardinal directions tell us which way north, south, east and

west lay and the sun provides a handy east-west direction
finder for those without a compass. Consensus has made
as references that everyone understands. Even in space, the
distance to the sun, moon, and other planets can be mea-

< ‘ " sured.
Direction and Distance ‘That just doesn't work in the Underworld. Gravity isn't
constant; neither is direction. This, along with the Tempest
At the still point of the tuning world. Neither fleshnor fleshless; which limits movement from one place to another, presents
Neither from nor towards; at the still point, there the dance is, quite a problem to those wraiths who need to travel. The
But neither arrest nor movement. And do not calli fxicy, Underworld isn't really under the ground or inside the earth,
Res fest ud fore eve pethered. Netther mouement as many would believe, but lies within a hyperspace dimen-
sion superimposed over and contiguous to the real world.
Held apart by the Shroud, the Shadowlands touch on and
overlap the Skinlands. To some degree, they take their shape
from them. Below the Shadowlands (or beside, behind or
simply apart from the Shadowlands) lies the rest of the Un-
And I cannot say, how long, for that is to place it in time. derworld. Vast, uncharted worlds may spin inside the Un-
—T.S. Eliot, "Burnt Norton" derworld. These may be other realms which have never been
explored, save perhaps by Spectres. Those portions which

From nor towards,
Neither ascent nor decline. Except for the point, the still point,
There would be no dance, and there is only the dance

Ican only say, there we have been: but I cannot say where.


are known lie relatively close to the Shadowlands (or close
to the surface of the Sunless Sea). That's the problem with
explaining exactly where things are in the Underworld. There
are many different interpretations and all are correct.

To some extent, direction and distance are subjective.
Each wraith determines for herself how far away something
is and in what direction it lies. Wraiths using Argos find
their way through the Tempest to their destination by going
in the "tight" direction (assuming they are successful in their
use of the Arcanos). "Right" is alternately defined as "the
way everyone believes the place lies," "the way I know,"
"where it was last time," "the easiest way through," "wher-
ever I want it to be," and "whatever works." Because of the
first definition, the consensual one, it is possible to make
byways through the Tempest to well-known locations. These
are like major highways or sea lanes, defining a consistent
route for wraiths to follow, At least, that's what most wraiths
believe. In actuality, the byways change as much as the rest
of the Underworld, but the Ferrymen and other wraiths who
travel upon them unconsciously adjust to compensate for
this,

Some wraiths, particularly the Ferrymen, are aware of
the dual nature of the Underworld. They know that at one
and the same time, the Underworld is a tangible place in
which many wraiths interact, as well as a subjective reality
inside their own subconscious. Distance is as much a matter
of the symbolic struggle within oneself as it is an actual mea-
surable quality. Placement depends as much on the wraith's
own choice as on the chaotic nature of the Tempest.

"Up" may actually be down, sideways, within or have
no relation to anything else at all. Stygia may not be across
from the Far Shores, but above, below, beside or around. To
some extent, it really doesn't matter. Wraiths were mortals
once and still tend to think in mortal terms concerning such
things as direction and distance. While it is not entirely ac-
curate, the geography of the Underworld is explained in those
familiar terms. That is, after all, the way the wraiths usually
perceive things to be.

During Harrowings and Maelstroms, of course, all bets
are off.

Time and Movement

Time is subjective and distance relative within the Tem-
pest. The most aesthetically pleasing way to run journeys
through it is for the Storyteller to take "as long as it needs
to." In other words, if the game is focusing on other things
and the characters are just passing through on their way to
the real encounters, it' fine to do a brief description and let
them pass through without incident (provided they make
their Argos roll). On the other hand, if getting there is half
the fun, the Storyteller will undoubtedly have some juicy

encounters planned within the Tempest and things will take
considerably longer. There are some instances in which it is
necessary to know how long a trip through the Tempest will
take. Sometimes the characters have a limited amount of
time to accomplish some objective; sometimes they just need
to know how much juice they'll have to expend to get their
relic car from one place to another. The following should be
used as a rule of thumb for judging time and costs for move-
ment through the Tempest. Like all rules, if the action calls
for something else, feel free to disregard them in favor of
more excitement or better roleplaying opportunities. This is
an option to help deal with questions, not a series of hard
and fast laws

Swinuning or Flying

‘Whether swimming acfiving, a wraith usually ebesan
least one hour to move from one major realm to the next
closest one when utilizing a major byway. For example, trav-
eling from Stygia to the first Renegade outpost along the
River Gf Death 'takesiar leas one hour<That outpact tore
next one along the river takes another hour.

‘When utilizing minor or litdesknown byways, the wiaith
takes three times'as long to get from one area to another: Fon
instance, if the wraith is in a small Heretic hideout that is
an hour away from Stygia along the River of Death, and uses
a back trail to travel back to Stygia so as not to be seen by
patrols of Legionnaires, the journey takes at least three hours.

If the wraith is not using a byway, the journey takes ten
itis as long because ‘the wraich must constanely' try tore)
adjust to the wild currents, winds and other problems (in-
cluding lack of landmarks) just to get where she's going.

Note that these are considered "standard" times (see
Orienteering in Wraith: The Oblivion, p. 140). They may
ibe aleered by making' aniextepdonslly' sooterslllon
CGrienteerine car by using the Argos powers! Elickes Some
"standard" travel times between well-known places along
major byway)

Journey Time
Stygia to Far Shores 2 weeks
Stygia to Labyrinth 1 week
Stygia to nearest Necropolis port 2 hours
One Far Shore to another Far Shore L hour

All travel times are for traveling within the Tempest,
from place to place and realm to realm. These travel times
are not indicative of travel times when inside a realm or
Necropolis, in the Shadowlands or when visiting Fetters.

Itshould also be noted that when a wraith is taken for a
Harrowing, the effect is instantaneous. The wraith is sud-
denly in the labyrinth.

Heli and Artifact Vehicles

Vehicles provide a way for numerous wraiths toall travel
through the Tempest together. They vary from the Ferrymen's
reed boats to Artifacts such as the Stygian trains and cruis-
ersorrelic motorboats and trucks. In general, the differences
in vehicle types are as follow:

Stygian vehicles are Artifacts made of Stygian metal and
can harm or kill wraiths by running them over. They are
steered by a wraith with a high level of Argos and generally
carry lots of wraiths. Many of them are military vehicles.
Aside from the Pathos used to power the wraith's Argos, no
other "fuel" is needed.

The Ferrymen's reed boats are magical Artifacts capable of
many strange feats and changes in appearance. Only Ferrymen
can steer their boats so they avoid most of the troubles of the
Tempest. Others may steer the boats in emergencies, but only
Ferrymen know how to power the inherent magic in the craft.

Relic vehicles usually are smaller, carry fewer wraiths and must
be powered by Pathos. Someone with Argos must drive the ve-
hicle and spend the normal Pathos to activate her Arcanos. Aside
from this expenditure, the vehicle requires extra Pathos for fuel.
When first starting out and for every six hours of travel time (or
approximately halfa day) thereafter, another Pathos point must
tespent by someone traveling within the vehicle; it need not be
the driver. If nobody gives the vehicle a Pathos point to con-
tinue, it glides to a stop. If itis on land, it sits there; in the sea, it
bobs on the water and then may drift into a nasty are

Standard time in any vehicle is half that of swimming
orflying (i.e. it takes only one week to travel from Stygia to
the Far Shores in a vehicle, as long as it stays on a major
byway), It is rumored that Stygian craft can put on extra
speed at need or even jump from one area of the Tempest to
another, but the means by which they do so is little under-
stood, The Ferrymen's boats, although they seem slow, can.
often reach areas far away from their original position in a
matter of moments, should the Ferrymen choose. Spectre
ships are said to utilize Angst in place of Pathos and are said
to be frighteningly swift when in pursuit of wraiths.

Maelstrom and Travel

Maelstroms move far faster than any vehicle with the
possible exception of the Ferrymen's boats. When wraiths are
caught in the Tempest during a Maelstrom, their only re-
course is to try to ride it out. It is almost impossible to get to
the Shadowlands from the Tempest or from a realm as a Mael-
strom is building up or during its fury. One possible way to
enter the Shadowlands is through nihils, but these are usu-
ally blocked from the other side or swarming with Spectres.
Legend holds that there are portals to the Shadowlands some-
where deep within various Labyrinth entryways. Of course,
these too are teeming with Spectres preparing for invasion.


Sometimes it's best to just ride out the Maelstrom and hope
toendure it. Oftentimes, heading out to the open sea isa way to
scape the worst fury of the storm as it rushes by and dashes
itself against the realms and fills the byways. Though the open
sea will have many smaller Maelstrom storms within it due to
the intense, surrounding activity, there is a far greater chance
that a wraith can survive there. Heading straight into the Mael-
strom or trying to run before it is suicide unless the wraith is
within a minute ot two of a major realm like Stygia.

Byways often become impassable during Maelstroms. Those
that are not blocked are usually cut somewhere along their
length. Reaching a cut in a byway means that the wraith must
take her bearings and try to discern which way to go. She must
roll her Argos again, and treat travel time as though she is not
utilizing a byway at all until she can relocate her original path
(10 hours minus the wraith's Perception + Investigation score).
This is a little tricky, because the travel time for being off a
Byway is applied to the number of hours that the wraith is lost

Example: JooJoo comes to a break as he is traveling on
the byway. He rolls his Perception + Argos for Orienteering
to determine where he is and where the byway can be found
again. He gets three successes, meaning he is working on
standard traveling time. Next he subtracts his Perception +
Investigation (a total of five dice) from 10, meaning he will
have to search for five hours before finding the byway again.
Though he would have normally been able to pass as many
as five homesteads, hideaways or other locations within the
Tempest during that time, he has been off the byway, mean-
ing he has really only traveled 1/10th of his normal distance
(or the equivalent of a half hour's travel). In other words, it
takes him five houts to cover the same amount of territory it
would have taken 30 minutes to cover while on a byway

Places in The Tempest

We must be still and still moving
Into another intensity

For a further union, a deeper communion
Through the dark cold and empty desolation,
The wave cry, the wind cry, the vast waters.

—TS. Eliot, "East Coker"

Part sea, part desolation, part storm, the Tempest claims
the largest part of the Underworld. Like space, which holds the
sun, moon, planets and stars within it, the Tempest holds realms
upon realms within its chaotic folds. Though itis usually imag-
ined as a vast, murky ocean, the Tempest is as much a storm as
itisa sea. In places, the Tempest becomes land-like and doesn't
even resemble water. Even in those areas, however, the fury of
the storm is felt in gritty, stinging winds and the chamel stench
of Moliated or smelted souls. The whipping, stinging, black rain
which turns to acid at times, wounding and scarring wraiths
unlucky enough to be caught within it.

The Sea of Shadows


Wraiths may travel through the Tempest by walking, driv-
ing, sailing, floating or flying if they have the necessary
Arcanos abilities, Artifacts or relic vehicles. The best ways to
cross are along the byways (roads, bridges and rail lines) that
criss-cross through most of the Tempest and lead to the
Shadowlands or via the channels (waterways) through the
seas. The best known vehicles for crossing through the Tem-
pest are the Ferrymen's reed boats, These sturdy craft seem to
have an uncanny knack for surviving the roughest waters, the
heaviest downpours, the greatest winds and the most virulent
attacks by Spectres. Stygia has ships of Stygian metal plying
the seas around it and great railroads which cross the lands or
cut through the darkness to reach their destinations. Some
wraiths possess relic vehicles and boats which they use for
travel. These can range from ancient chariots drawn by Spec-
tral horses to modern motorcycles and RVs. Wraiths who lack
such luxuries or the Argos ability can only float aimlessly (or
with whatever current pulls them along). They may spend a
Pathos point to change direction. However, Argos endows
the wraith with the ability to choose a path that is the quick-
est and easiest solution to reach his destination. Usually this
omplished by utilizing a byway, and itallows him to swim
in the Tempest's fluid. Wraiths without Argos cannot swim,
not can they usually locate byways. Their choices as to direc-
tion are likely to have a dismal ending. Of course, floating is
dangerous too. It attracts Spectres to the helpless wraith.

The Known Underworld

A Viord on Nomenclature

Although it has become vogue to refer to the Tempest
as the Sea of Shadows or the Sunless Sea, the three are not
actually synonymous. Technically, the Tempest is the area
that lies between the Shadowlands and the rest of the Un-
derworld and surrounds all of the inner realms, the place
which used to be simply known as the Darkness. Though
devoid of light, it was not filled with storms and wild cha-
otic beings and places until it became saturated with them
all by the Third Great Maelstrom. The Sea of Shadows is a
horrible area immediately surrounding the Labyrinth. It is
literally an ocean of Spectres which tems, roils and occa-
sionally bursts forth to accompany smaller or greater Mael-
stroms. The Sunless Sea was once a placid ocean which lay
at the terminus of the River of Death and formed a barrier
between the Isle of Sorrows and the Far Shores. The Second
Great Maelstrom transformed the Sunless Sea into a place
of chaotic currents and weather. It became a dwelling place
for strange beasts. Despite the fact that they were originally
separate, the three have become linked and the Tempest has
become so strong that calling it by the other names, while
technically inaccurate, is still correct.

The Sunless Sea

Originally, the Sunless sea was a quiet ocean fed by the
waters of the River of Death. Those restless souls who sought
the Far Shores were able to traverse it easily. Now it is a wild
sea, strafed by odd currents and random weather and inhab-
ited by strange creatures. It lies between Stygia and the Far
Shores. Rumors abound of Renegade enclaves and secret
Heretic temples within the hidden reaches of the Sunless
Sea. The dark waters may hide many secrets, for in this star-
less ocean the only light to be found is that which is brought
by travelers or fixed in place by those few who inhabit its
island havens. The dark waters of the Sunless Sea reflect
whatever light shines upon them, shattering it into thou-
sands of light splinters which crown the waves. Overhead,
pure velvet darkness is all that can be seen. Ships or islands
with lights can be seen from miles away, as the light shines
clearly like a beacon in absolute lightlessness. Soul pirates,
said to work for the various realms of the Far Shores, have
reportedly perfected a darklight which provides illumination
up to 50 miles without the drawback of announcing their
presence. Near Stygia, the Sunless Sea laps upon and inter-
mingles with the Sea of Souls. The Sunless Sea has two tides
every "day," a feature which allows Stygia to keep track of
time through a complex system of water clocks.

The Sea of Souls — Stysia

When Charon first discovered the Isle of Sorrows, the
Sea of Souls and the Sunless Sea were, to some extent, one
and the same. After the near destruction of Stygia during
the First Great Maelstrom, Charon ordered a great sea-wall
built around the Isle of Sorrows as protection from future
storms, The wall was made from the plasm of wraiths who
were melted down and twisted into shape. It now incorpo-
rates Stygian steel and iron in its makeup. The Sea of Souls
presses upon and encompasses that sea-wall. It is a bulwark
nst the Maelstrom not simply by virtue of forming a physi-
cal barrier, but because it consists of all the souls who are in
thrall to Stygia and who aren't employed in other work. These
souls erect a barrier of belief against the emptiness of Oblivion.

Literally a sea of souls, those who are not part of the
wall are chained in place among countless others, flowing
and ebbing with the tides of the Sunless Sea. The souls'
Corpuses are of a watery consistency, allowing them to slide
and mingle and tumble over one another. Cries and moans
echo across the Sea of Souls, sounding a little like gulls on
the shore. The lights which delineate the perimeter of Stygia
shine upon the Sea of Souls, illuminating the wretched forms
and twisted faces of the thralls who rise and sink and slither
over one another in their unending, agonized existence. The
ships that protect Stygia from invasion cruise upon the Sea
of Souls, cutting and crushing those on top as they pass


Occasional raids by Renegades result in some of the outer-
most wretched souls being cut free and stolen. Since they
are usually no more than drones, most will only go to serve
as slaves (or trade goods) for the Renegades, since freeing
them would simply send them on to Oblivion. As Stygia has
outgrown its original boundaries, the wall and sea have been
pushed outward and expanded as well

Some wraiths claim that the Sea of Souls is the place
from which newborns receive their souls and that it corre-
sponds to the Hebrew Well of Souls. This is unlikely, as the
souls who make up the sea are chained in place and have
very little personality beyond a drone-like state of being. Such
souls would provide little spark for a new life. Of course, the
world being what itis, more and more children are born who
show no shred of conscience or creativity; many seem soul-
dead from birth and live only to kill and corrupt. It is pos-
sible that these children have indeed received one of these
deadened souls.

The most well-known portion of the Sea of Souls is
Weeping Bay. This half-moon shaped bay partakes equally
of the Sea of Souls and the Sunless Sea and serves as the
docking area for the port of Stygia. During the Fifth Great
Maelstrom, Stygia was threatened by a monstrous Malfean
who arose from the Sunless Sea. Charon sailed into the
Weeping Bay, where he battled the beast. Both were lost to
a great whirlpool which Charon summoned. Weeping Bay is
aptly named, for the souls within it weep and sob constantly.
Though they may have done so before the battle, many claim
that the souls bound into the Bay weep for the loss of Charon,

The Sea of Shadows

The Sea of Shadows encircles the great Labyrinth which
forms the heart of Oblivion at the center of the Underworld.
It consists of thousands upon thousands of nearly mindless
Spectres. These labyrinthine Shades prevent entry into the
Void by anyone not ready for dissolution. Conversely, souls
that have nothing left to live for find themselves being guided
through the Sea of Shadows as if pulled along a predeter-
mined pathway into the heart of the Labyrinth. There they
are swallowed by Oblivion or changed into Spectres. Even
ina cold, gloomy place like the Underworld, the Sea of Shad-
ows stands out as the most freezing and depressing area in
the Tempest. Here, darkness is a solid, oppressive force which
beats down upon the wraith, stealing any feelings of comfort
or hope from her and twisting them into anguish and de-
spair. Flickers of baleful, greenish Spectre-fire are the only
lights which function in the Sea of Shadows. All other lights,
no matter how magical or pure their origin, fail and die be-
fore the power of Oblivion. No heat or warmth of any kind
exists here, and wraiths who believed themselves frozen in
the chill of the Underworld before entering the Sea of Shad-
ows soon discover what true, absolute cold is.

At the center of the Sea of Shadows lies the Labyrinth,
the great, spiraling maw which opens into Oblivion. This
physical manifestation of nothingness is sometimes called
the Void. The Sea of Shadows flows around and into the
Labyrinth, but also originates within, flowing upward and
outward. The two polar tides flowing in and out create a
giant whirlpool that sucks anything within, but not of, the
sea into Oblivion.

qhe Open Sea

I reached a place where every light is muted,

Which bellows like the sea beneath a tempest,

When it is battered by opposing winds.

The hellish hurricane, which never rests,

Drives on the spirits with its violence:

Wheeling and pounding, it harasses them.

— Dante, Inferno

Away from any of the realms and far out into the Tem-
pest lie the areas known as the open sea. Like the world's
oceans, the murky depths of the open sea descend for miles
and miles, perhaps even to distances that would correspond
to interstellar travel. No one has ever returned from a jour-
ney into the depths to report on their findings. The open sea
is, at one and the same time, the most stable and the most
chaotic portion of the Tempest. Sometimes, the open sea is
reminiscent of Skinland oceans: gently swelling waves, no
land in sight in any direction and a pale, hazy-gray vault of
what might pass for sky above. Channels through the area
follow the path of least resistance among the waves, bend-
ing to the current. At times the gray overcast recedes to re-
veal a deep blackness overhead, shot through with thousands
of pinprick lights, like spangled stars. These are actually nihils
seen from the Underworld side, opening into the relative
light of the Shadowlands. A wraith could almost imagine
herself on a wintry sea voyage when the open sea is calm.

Naturally, it doesn't stay calm for long, Usually, the open
sea roils and shudders in choppy waves or deep, dangerous
troughs from the hundreds of small Maelstroms sucked up
from the Labyrinth at the sea's center. The sky is a leaden,
gray-black, peopled by the misty forms of Spectres who fly
overhead like scudding clouds. The wind blasts with the icy,
deadening force of the Void. At these times, it is possible to
look up and see streams of black ichor pouring through rents
in the sky. This is the true appearance of the nihils that are
siphoning off the energy from the Shadowlands to feed the
Oblivion below.

Wraiths swimming in the open sea may be damaged by
the buffeting seas and freezing winds if they are caught in
crosscurrents. Wraiths who are sailing may have their crafts
destroyed. These rare occurrences happen perhaps once ev-
ery ten to fifteen times that a wraith passes through the open


sea. Whenever such an event is called for, wraiths who are
using their own Argos Arcanos must roll their Argos ratings
(versus a difficulty of 8). If a group of wraiths is being led
through by one wraith who has Argos, that wraith must roll
to determine the fate of the whole group. A single success
indicates that the wraiths have successfully negotiated the
rough waters and winds. They have escaped the dangerous
area.

Failure means that the wraith and all who are depen-
dent on the wraith to get them through the Tempest take
three levels of damage from the buffeting (soak rolls are al-
lowed). If the wraiths are in a ship, the craft is damaged in-
stead. Small ships can automatically soak one level of dam-
age per turn (getting no other soak roll) and are destroyed
when they have taken five levels of damage; larger ships (such
as those made of Stygian steel) soak three levels per turn
and are destroyed when they take ten levels of damage. Un-
til the craft is destroyed, the wraiths inside it take no dam-
age. Once they are forced into swimming, however, the
wraiths who are using Argos must make another roll at the
same difficulty. A new roll is allowed every turn until one is
successful. Once a successful roll has been made, the wraiths
(and any craft they are in) escape from the turbulent area.

If the roll is botched, any craft the wraiths are in is im-
mediately destroyed as the sea and wind become whipped
into hurricane force. Should the wraiths be swimming, they
are subjected to six levels of damage per turn (which may be
soaked as usual). If any individual wraith, except the one
whose Argos is being used to travel, loses all her Corpus from
this, she is dragged off to a Harrowing. If the wraith using
Argos to get everyone through loses all of his Corpus, the
entire group is taken to be Harrowed. Once there, their fates
are determined based on their reactions to a rare, group Har-
rowing

Soul-Storms

Of greater danger are the small Maelstroms known as
soul-storms that sweep through the open seas. Some look like
water spouts, others like small hurricanes, still others like
violent thunderstorms. When they pass over a wraith, the
restless soul is changed in some manner. The physical storms
are capable of flaying the Corpus from a wraith, weakening
her and leaving her more susceptible to future harm. The
mental storms corrupt the wraith's mind, twisting her memo-
ries and causing great Angst. The corruption storms can
Moliate the wraith, changing her into a horrific shape. Items
and objects may also be changed by the storms: a boat be-
comes a twisted, swanlike sculpture (which then sinks) or a
stand of trees on an island becomes a fence of gigantic teeth.
There is no guarantee that a Moliated wraith is still capable
of locomotion. She might, for instance, be warped into a sea
anchor which is then dropped into the lightless depths.


uewknag ‘uoseumoy Jo [eumof ay wos —
SWONSaDY ap Wosf Layays 4of wMaL prod am aoymn soon}
uappry Sysvac] fo Jonny aya Suop sompasino soyays or yorym wa
soapjoua apiso Sumas &q pip am siy.["ssaupiog] ayp yBnoup auopo
Com amo ayou smu mow ing ‘Pi8ag ut awos[M 1aBuo] ou 2120
any aBou sty w paystung ay ‘siadjey pun spuausf penojaq wsoue
SI 219m OYM asoyL "mopyys uMO sty fo JoMUOD poy 4aBUO] OW
Gunayo ay way puopiono sp wey a1012]00 10U pynod ayy "1o1adwia
fesuay Sunumpoud ‘apd uno sry 01 af uouryo amp jsopy

1pead 4o Jauly ay]

swoy mati Joy FuNepowosse YIM sta]
-qoid 10 siaypo ypia sSunpeap 104 Ut saraynoypip autos oeIeyD
2yp asned pjnoys ang ‘{j8n Apuess999u 10U s} sBuLYD ay] "JoBuL
ue jo ssauayt] ay o1uy paSueyp aq aysiw ays ‘si9qpI0 jo anna
-o1d pue Sujze9 st ays J] "ssourpeass ay paay or nq ay) —
Buruado ony & o1u1 ano paysions ynou Jy aaey 40 31d jo
wo} ay OUT poBueyp aq 1481w ays ‘{pao4B st JoxdeTeYD ay jt
‘ajdwexa 104 "laisereyp arp uodn rey morsaq pue yrreLM ay
Jo amieu JUUT oY sidayor yoy Wo} v auTUIALep P]NoYys
spjoakioag ay J ;parerjoyy Ay|nyssooons udaq sey prez op pur
aangimy [2190s Aue Woy uIod duo jo sso] aya UI SIINsaI YDI0q
Yy ‘Surmouepy & 01 parsalqns pue uors ay urypim sanoadg
Aq yautidqe7 ap 02 Jo posseap st yarerm oup ‘sndiog 29y jo |]
s980] 34s J] (payeos aq Av aeurep aya) sndiod jo Sutod QT
Jo Sso] a1eIpaunU ay sarvoIpur aanyred "(as0] Aysnoraaad axa
day Surwinsse) sndioc jo siujod om ¥>eq sure pue SuRpou
$980] yareaa & ‘]nyssaooNs SI dys J] YO Woy aavas 02 J9pI0 Ut
Ayjnoyrp aures aup asurese sossaoons Jo saquinu aures aup azinb
a1 pur ‘sainqumy [eos ay 1w3IE1 sors UORdnsI0,)
asfiury Areroduia jo stutod oan sure3 pue utod exp sso]
ays ‘soypeg jo utd auo 4quo sey yprex axp jp soypeg SurureMo2
guprenn 942 Jo jjey saaotan pue aulod & Jo sso] au UL syNso1
ypiog V "paoyuises pur paananasqns aq Aew ainqumy [equout ws
-lopfp & Woy 1urod v SuIod auO oaey Aju aINqumy axp pInoys
-aingumy parade atp wo aurod e soso] ypreym up sueaLA aIN|Fe
"(quads Ajsnoyaaid axam Aarp Suunsse) soupeg jo siutod ow sured
-a3 yprean ayp pue sainqumy jo sso] Ou sare2tpur ssaoong "AyD
-ypip auues aip asurede sassooons Jo saquinu autes yp Suutnbos
‘Avan aures at UI ainguMY JeruaU v 1981e) suLOYS eTUAYY

-ainqumay [eoiskyd auos9yp v asure8e ason JoyBOUR pue
qurod & Jo sso] ay UT syNsaz Yorog y "(pearsul aiNqiNaY |e
-shyd zayioue woyy paoyuoes aq Avut IUIOd v ‘uO Jo Sune &
pey AJuo ainqunay ay j1) 180] Burg anquny parosiea axp jo
qutod au0 ur synsax amnyreg "(auads Aysnosaid azam Aaqp Surwns
-se) ramod]]1\ Jo SvUt0d O41 sureBau puk sso] OU sIAYMS YaTEIM
ay L ‘wio1s oyp J9A0 poydwunua sey yea oyp aeup sore>1pul
ssamong "apeu aq asnuu (sassa99ns oma BuLsINbad ‘g AayNIYyIP)
Jor anqumy wy -(euTuIEg 10 AaLiaxag "pBuang) singin
"Ty [eoiskyd stprei ayn jo auo 1081e2 suuors yeoIshyg
2(ganndnzio9 10 [eruaur ‘jeoishyd) aamaeu sy suTUArep isnUut
Ip]aUdaoag ayp "yteIA v 19A0 sassed WHIOIS-[Nos B LOY A


Once the chief pathway that souls traveled down from
the Skinlands to the Underworld, the River of Death winds
throughout much of the Tempest. Its origin is lost in time,
but various theories state that it is made of the Lady of Fate's
teats, of woven raindrops, from the thousands of tears shed
for the departed and from the tears of the dead themselves
which they shed upon first seeing the place to which they
had been consigned. Charon explored the River of Death in
areed boat that the Lady of Fate wove for him from the
reeds that grew along its marshy banks. At its delta, he dis-
covered the Sunless Sea and a rocky island called the Isle of
Sorrows upon which he built Stygia.

Because it touches on almost every area of the Tempest,
the River of Death is a major byway or channel. It is the only
byway that is never cut and destroyed by the tumults of the
Tempest. Despite dangers along its marshy length, the River
of Death is the most dependable route for reaching all of the
known realms. The Ferrymen are the only wraiths who may
scill travel the River of Death with impunity. The Hierarchy's
enemies have claimed secret coves along its length for their
own, and communities of Renegades, Heretics and indepen-
dent wraiths have formed along its winding course. Some-
times these groups attack those who venture too close,
tosilence them, pirate their relics or take them to sell or use
as thralls. Spectres also use the River of Death as an easy
channel to the inhabited realms. In response, the Hierarchy
has begun patrolling the river in an effort to keep these ele-
ments from controlling this vitally important byway. Rumors
hold that certain parts of the River of Death have been hid-
den from the eyes of the Hierarchy's agents by the Ferrymen;
for what purpose, no one but the Ferrymen know.

Channels and Byways

Technically, channels and byways are the same thing
—roads, trails, rivers, rails or unchanging currents that move
through the Tempest and allow wraiths to cross through its
stormy distances along preset and less dangerous pathways.
The only difference is that some wraiths refer to the watery
byways as channels. In actuality, there is only a minor differ-
ence between the two. Due to the changeable nature of fluid,
the channels often twist and turn, sometimes doubling back
upon themselves or flowing with a locally strong current for
awhile before returning to their intended direction. The most
well-known channel is the River of Death. Byways, in the
strict sense of the word, are those routes which pass over
land or bridge gaps in the darkness with their solidity. They
are usually straighter and more direct. The two are not mu-
tually exclusive. Sometimes a byway will become a channel
for part of its length or a channel will be broken by a byway.
Occasionally, a great bridge will span waters beneath it rather
than utilizing the currents available; the River of Death cuts
through land and is marshy along most of its length.

ther

Byways, whether liquid or solid, have a different look and
feel from the rest of the Tempest. They may have a different
color than the overall background or be less blocked by weeds
and deadfalls. Some look like actual roadways or rail lines
stretching into darkness or a riotous, chaotic background; oth-
ers may simply be gently lapping water that flows in a specific
direction among a sea of choppy waves and foam. Byways and
channels seem to exude a certain feel as well; a peacefulness
in the midst of the raging Tempest. Almost all byways lead to
Stygia, as Charon instituted a policy of building them through
the outer darkness. Near Stygia, great iron rails carry trains
and deep channels are used by the city's cruisers. Farther away,
byways may devolve into little more than faint trails. Chan-
nels may only be discernible through use of a Tempest Com-
pass. Most wraiths utilize the various byways when using Argos
to travel through the Tempest. It's safer and easier.

Vehicles and Travel

Vehicles such as relic cars and trucks are confined to
the more solid byways, while ships and rafts must have wa-
tery terrain for passage. Byways to various places usually have
both a solid and a watery route. These may lie side by side or
they may diverge and take radically different directions; ul-
timately, each arrives at the same destination. There is some
room for interpretation in whether a byway is solid or not.
Mud may either be solid or watery, depending on the consis-
tency. Of course, a relic vehicle might sink into several feet
of mud, touch solid ground and keep going! A rainbow bridge
ora cloud could be quite solid. A water spout might provide
a convenient elevator for a ship, which then travels along
the water spout's path that is formed by a steady downpour
of rain. Some of Stygia's byways are roads that cross over
watery channels, forming drawbridges. The Storyteller and
players should feel free to be creative with this. Remember
that cars might travel on the underside of bridges or climb
walls in areas where gravity gets strange.

Vehicles that fly, such as airplanes or hot air balloons,
may still do so in the Underworld provided that the wraith
who controls them has Phantom Wings (Argos 2) and the
proper skills to operate them (piloting, etc.). Flying vehicles
may pass through clouds and rainbow bridges that are other-
wise solid to those traveling in ground vehicles. They may
not pass through roadways, grasslands, mud or water, how-
ever, as these solids and liquids are too firm. Alll relic v
hicles cost Pathos to operate.

qhe Labyrinth

The Labyrinth is an opening into nothingness, the
mouth of Oblivion, the twisted, spiraling vortex at the cen-
ter of the Tempest. The maze of tunnels and twisting corri-
dors, caverns, chambers and endless stairways wind through


CS
MW

Transported to a Harrowing

What actually happens when a wraith is
transported to the nearest opening of the Laby-
rinth to undergo a Harrowing? If the wraith is
in the Shadowlands, she is beset by Spectr
who have clustered around the nearest nihil.
They pull her down through it into the Tem-
pest and then to the Labyrinth. This can be
envisaged much like the dark, moaning shad-
ows which swarm the evil souls and pull them
to their doom in the movie Ghost. If the wraith
is not in the Shadowlands, one of two things
will happen. If she is in a realm, she feels an
inexorable pull into the Tempest, wher
is beset by Spectres as a whirlpool or
stairway opens underneath (or above) her, and
she is sucked into this portion of the Laby-
rinth. Should she be traveling in the Tempest,
the opening into the Labyrinth simply opens
under, over, or beside her and draws her in,
accompanied by the Spectres which reside in

that portion of the Labyrinth. There is really
no travel involved, nor is the wraith "trans-
ported" by the Spectres so much as she is
sucked into or enveloped by a sort of worm-

hole effect.

The Labyrinth, while it lies at the hea
the Tempest, underlies (or some say, ov!
the whole of the Underworld. This is why
Charon was able to use the Labyrinth to
traverse the Underworld when all other by-
ways were closed. Likewise, Spectres may uti-
lize the twisting passages and lightless tunnels
to move quickly from one section of the Un-
derworld to another, allowing them to make
attacks from almost any direction with little
warning. Openings into the Labyrinth can be
found anywhere merely by-using Argos to pull
aside the thin veneer of apparently solid
ground or ocean waves to uncover the
Oblivion below. However, doing so is consid-
ered an act of insanit

the Tempest, emerging in dozens of inhabited realms, and
ultimately lead to the heart of dark Oblivion. These were
burrowed from the Utter Darkness beneath the Shadowlands
by the Malfeans — huge, dark, beast-like Spectres who have
consumed so many other Spectres and wraiths that they have
swollen to gargantuan proportions. What most wraiths call
the Labyrinth is only the most visible part of this tunnel
system. The Venous Stair (from which Stygia mines its raw
material for making Stygian steel) is one of the openings
into the Labyrinth. Sentries are posted at all such openings.
They are charged with ringing great gongs to alert other
wraiths of impending Spectre attacks or to signs of an on-
coming Maelstrom.

Whole other realms, more dark and horrible than Stygia
or any of the other known realms (even the Hells), exist
within the tunnels and caverns of the Labyrinth. Inhabited
by dreaded Spectres and huge Malfeans, they sometimes serve
as staging grounds for Spectre invasions of Stygia and the
Far Shores. It is within the Labyrinth's twisted embrace that
Harrowings take place. The material of the Labyrinth re-
sponds to Spectral ministrations by evoking vivid, nightmar-
ish scenes into which an unfortunate wraith is thrust with
the hope that she will descend into Oblivion. The Laby-
rinth at the center of the Tempest is surrounded by the Sea
of Shadows, an ocean of Spectres.

The Labyrinth has never been accurately described.
Charon is said to have ventured into it long ago via the
Venous Stair and returned with the great Artificer Nhudri,
but Charon is not reported to have experienced the actual
Labyrinth at the Tempest's center and Nhudri has never com-
mented on the matter. Other rumors say that Charon used
to travel to the Shadowlands through the Labyrinth when
all other byways were closed, which would seem to imply
that all portions of it are interconnected. Certainly, Spec-
tres have no trouble traveling anywhere in the Underworld
via the Labyrinthine tunnels and stairs. Many believe the
central Labyrinth is pink marble broken by veins of pure
black like the Venous Stair, which gives it the look of flesh
polluted with noxious poison. No wraiths have ever de-
scended into the maw of the great Labyrinth that surrounds
Oblivion and returned to tell of it, so itis unlikely that any-
one other than the Spectres it spawns will ever know the
eruth

Nihils

Nihils are openings of nothingness, cracks through
which the Tempest invades the Shadowlands. From below,
they can look like shining stars in the vault of an inky sky.
From above they are black holes into nothingness. Some are
mere pinpricks, while others may be as large as railroad tun-

nels, Nihils are not the convenient portals into the Tempest
that many people think they are. They may fulfill that role


at times, but that is not their primary purpose. Nihils are
festering wounds in the fabric of the Shadowlands. They suck
at the energy found there, siphoning it off into the Void.
Further, they provide easy ingress to the Shadowlands for
Spectres and other horrible creatures. Whole armies of Spec-
tres have thus gained access to Necropoli in the past. Worse
that that, each nihil is like a hole in a sea-wall allowing the
tertible and destructive Maelstroms to burst through, ravag-
ing and destroying vast areas of the Shadowlands. Only a
fool forgets to keep a close eye on any nihil near his haunt or
Fetters.

Ihe Far Shores

It is said that all byways lead to Stygia, but more than a
few also lead to the Far Shores, those lands of heaven and
hell. When the Shining Ones first sailed in search of the Far
Shores, there were no byways or channels leading to them
The Shining Ones chose a direction and made the byway as
they traveled. Once they returned and set up temples on the
shores of Stygia, many paths were made to each "afterlife."
It was said that there were many ways to Transcendence.

Whether any of the Far Shores lead to Transcendence
or not is now hotly contested between the Hierarchy and
the Heretics, but one thing remains the same: many byways
still lead to these realms, The byways cross through and over
the parts of the Tempest which encircle each of these realms,
and each is very different

In one paradise, the Tempest is a gently falling rain of
milk and honey that drops into the sea of honey-milk below.
Surrounding one hell is a great wall of flame, fed by the
buming oil that forms the sea around it and the liquid flames
which plummet from the sky. Another realm is held within
asea of blood and rotting flesh. Choking, charnel winds blow
the freezing bile that falls as rain into every habitation. Each
realm is more terrible or more fantastically marvelous than
the next. The one trait they share is the growing sea of wraiths
who now sptead outward from their shores, choking in piles
ofash, drowning in seas of wine, all waiting for their turn to
be processed by their chosen heaven or hell

Wraiths who wander too close to any of the Far Shores
should be wary of the realms' proselytizers. While many genu-
inely seek only to convert wraiths to their beliefs, others are
little more than slavers bent on capturing and chaining as
many souls as possible to the greater glory of their chosen
deity or as a bulwark against the Maelstroms,

Necropolis Ports

One of the few creations of the Underworld that still
work as they were intended to do, Necropolis ports provide
openings into the Shadowlands. They are situated along
— byways and channels and appear as oval mirrors hanging in


midair above the path. All Necropolis ports are heavily
guarded by Hierarchy troops, Renegade cadres or Heretic
bands (depending on where they lead and which group is
dominant in that area). This prevents Spectres and other
foul denizens of the Tempest from pouring forth into the
Shadowlands. When utilizing a Necropolis port, movement
from the Tempest into the Necropolis which the port serves
is far easier (granting one automatic success on a wraith's
Argos roll to go there). Unlike the nihils, the ports can be
closed and sealed at need, preventing wraiths, Spectres and
the Maelstrom from using them.

qhe Dark Kingdom of ivory

Most wraiths who dwell near Stygia know very little of
the Dark Kingdoms. They are separated from Stygia and the
Far Shores by vast expanses of ocean. Since the falling out
ygia and the Dark Kingdoms, few wraiths have
traveled there. Reports of the areas, from ambassadors who
once traveled there for Stygia, may be fanciful and inaccu-
rate.

The Dark Kingdom of Ivory is affiliated with Africa and
is ruled by the Ivory Queen. Legends say that wraiths near-
ing the Dark Kingdom of Ivory encounter twisted savannas
and grotesque jungles like corrupt and evil twins of those
found in Africa. Tales tell of dark rivers overhung with snak-
ing vines that wind throughout the land. Some say that
strange monuments built from bones dot the landscape and
throbbing drums reverberate through the still air. Upriver,
huts line the shore and vacant-eyed, rotting corpses move
soundlessly about everyday tasks. Strange hybrids of man and
animal stalk through the jungles and grasslands, preying upon
any wraiths they find. Other areas may differ. There are re-
ports of a great and powerful city hidden in the heart of the
kingdom, a city made of ivory and stained with the blood of
countless millions. In this day and age, when AIDS, tribal
warfare and famine have decimated whole nations in Af-
rica, the Kingdom of lvory is said to be undergoing the same
sort of overcrowding and breakdown as Stygia.

It is said, that the Maelstroms appear as great clouds of
locusts and stinging insects in the Dark Kingdom of Ivory.
They strip land and people alike, destroying all in their path.

qhe Dark Kingdom of jade

Itis said that the Dark Kingdom of Jade serves Asia just
as Ivory serves Africa. The Jade Emperor rules his kingdom
with an iron hand, meting out rewards and punishments
based upon the wraith's own beliefs and the generosity of
their gifts to him. The kingdom is said to have many differ-
ent areas within it: some serve as paradises, some are hells,
and most are merely huge repositories for the ever-increas-
ing number of souls who have yet to be processed through


the Dark Kingdom's bureaucracy. Tales abound of lovely gar-
dens in which peacocks stroll and nightingales sing; where
sed in costly fabrics and

wraiths spend blissful existences d
spend their time painting, gardening and debating philoso-
phy, theology and politics. Other tales speak of wraiths im-
paled upon barbed hooks and chained above the emperor's
court so that their cries of anguish might lull him into peace-
ful repose. Rumor says that wraiths who find themselves
treading through rice fields or in jungles which do not seem
African have probably stumbled into the Dark Kingdom of
Jade, When traveling by sea, arrival at a port where Jade
barges and junks are docked heralds the same thing.

It is rumored that the Maelstroms which assault the Dark
Kingdom of Jade come as great earthquakes and tsunami
(tidal waves). Some appear as huge monsoons; their mighty
winds tearing trees and houses to shreds and their driving
rains drowning wraiths who are not held to the emperor's
palace with tethers of jade.

Ihe Dark Kingdom of Obsidian

Once the Dark Kingdom of Obsidian served as the des-
tination for the souls of the native Mayans and Aztecs. Her-
etics who traveled to the new world discovered the Dark
Kingdom of Obsidian and invaded it. After a long struggle,
with many atrocities on both sides creating a way into the
Labyrinth, the Heretics succeeded in defeating the Dark
Kingdom wraiths and hurled them into the heart of the Void.
The once mighty kingdom, a place of strange, stepped pyra-
rnids and mighty monuments, was abandoned. Many claim
that deep, putrid green, jungle growth has crawled into and
over the structures, making them into matted mounds and
valleys. No one walks the land. The sky is always overcast,
making it a leaden gray. They say that the only sounds to be
heard there are distant screams and sighs and the only signs
adowlands

that it is not a worldly or mirror realm of the §
are the rivers of blood which sluggishly ooze their way through
the mat of overgrown green.

The Other Dark Kingdoms

Some claim that there are other dark kingdoms or dif-
ferentiation within the ones already known to exist. Even
though India and China would be considered by most wraiths
to fall within the Dark Kingdom of Jade, the two cultures
ate quite different and distinct from one another. Native
American tribes of North America are greatly distinct in
belief and cultures from the Incas and Aztecs. It would be
grossly Eurocentric to believe that these rich and varied cul-
tures had no representation of their own in the Underworld;
it is far more likely that European-based and non-Native
American wraiths have simply failed to find or encounter

them yet.


32

The Gateway to the Umbra

The Underworld is called the Lower or Dark Umbra by
some. It is believed that no one may cross from the Middle
or Deep Umbra into the Dark Umbra unless they are dead or
filled with a great deal of death energy (such as Euthantos
mages and certain Nephandi). It is further believed that the
reverse is also true; that the dead may not cross into the
other parts of the Umbra either.

Legend persists, however, that there is a gateway (or
gateways) to the Middle Umbra somewhere in the Under-
world. Some claim that it is a thin membrane located in the
Shadowlands that only becomes visible and tangible during
certain times, like Halloween. Others claim that if such a
gateway exists, it lies beyond the Far Shores and may only
be reached by those who have Transcended. These wraiths
state that the gateway will only open for those souls who are
ready to reincarnate and rejoin the cosmic wheel. Some skep-
tics say that the fabled Gateway to the Umbra is actually the
Void and that it opens into nothingness. There are rumors
that the Malfeans control several gateways to the Umbra
and utilize them to send their horrific minions into the Deep
Umbra and then into the world to gain converts and drag
screaming souls back to the Underworld for their consump-
tion. Some Nephandi, who are usually perceived to be de-
monic entities, are said to serve Malfeans. It is possible that
their overlords are actually these great Spectres. Some say
that all theories are equally true, but it's usually the wraiths
who say that the whole of the Underworld is but a shadow
inside their own subconscious minds.

Shifting Zones

If by your art, my dearest father, you have

Put the wild waters in this roar, allay them.

The sky, it seems, would pour down stinking pitch,

But that the sea, mounting to the welkin's cheek,

Dashes the fire out.

— William Shakespeare, The Tempest

There are several areas of chaos within the Tempest it-
self that are dangerous in and of themselves, even without
the threat of Spectres or Maelstroms. Known as Shifting
Zones, they can be found scattered across the Sunless Sea,
causing even greater difficulties than usual for wraiths trav-
eling through the Tempest. The following are by no means
all of the variations to be found within the Tempest; they
are simply the ones which Ferrymen and Harbingers have
cataloged. It is worth noting that these areas are not stable
places that can be avoided by going around them. Every place
within the Tempest is like a floating island upon an ocean,
tossed here and there by the whim of the tides or storms,
moved about at random or held in stasis with no rhyme or

The Sea of Shadows

reason. They may be found anywhere. When they cross a
byway, they supersede it; in effect, cutting it out of their ter-
ritory and sending it elsewhere. Therefore, a wraith might
move past a spot while on a byway, pause briefly as she mo-
mentarily loses her way, then discovers that she is now
trapped within a Shifting Zone, with the byway nowhere in
sight, It is also worth stating that none of the liquids or va-
pors within a zone can be bottled for later use unless an Ar-
tifact is constructed especially for that purpose. This is an
expensive and time-consuming operation.

qhe Lake of Cold Fire

Come to me

Do and be done with me

(Cold cold cold)

Don't I exist for you

Don't I still live for you

(Cold cold cold)

— Annie Lennox, "Cold"

This fiery, freezing zone looks deceptively normal until
it springs up and surrounds traveling wraiths. A wraith is
safe from the agony of the lake if he is with a Ferryman in his
boat. Though similar to Barrow-flame, the cold fire of the
lake does not burn a wraith as normal fire would, but touches,
on her Passions instead, As it materializes, the zone appears
as a misty, blue lake. Blue and orange fire flickers over the
top like wavelets. The flames rush to cover whatever touches
the lake. Fiery fingers reach upward, flickering with a chill-
ing, blue flame to grasp and hold wraiths who attempt to fly
overhead, If wraiths are within a vehicle, the freezing waters
coat it with ice that flickers with blue flame and mist. Once
the vehicle is covered, the wraiths are next. Those not in a
vehicle are covered immediately. A bluish fog settles all
around them, trapping them within the lake until it is done
with them, Passing through the fog simply turns the person
around and heads them back into the center of the lake.

The flame is soul-searing, forcing an immediate reac-
tion from any wraith it touches. It sets one of her Passions
afire, forcing her to confront it. Usually, this is the highest-
rated Passion the wraith possesses; occasionally a low-rated
Passion, which has been recently on the wraith's mind, may
be the target instead. The wraith's Passion is brought to the
forefront of her mind and she is forced to defend it against
the onslaught of the flame.

This process should take the form of a brief, dream-like
encounter with the person, place or object that is the focus
of the Passion. It may be a sort of deja-vu in which the char-
acter remembers something from her past, gets to correct an
old wrong or to say what she should have said, but didn't. If
she does so (Storyteller's call as to whether she successfully
confronts the Passion, this should be a pure roleplaying

event), she is immediately freed of the lake and takes no
damage from its freezing fires. The Passion remains because
the wraith realizes once the sequence is over that it was all a
dream. She has not really resolved anything, but may have
more insight into how to do so if she ever wishes to try.

If she fails to take advantage of the dream, she must
make a roll using the number of dice she has in the Passion
(difficulty 9) to retain the Passion at its current level, just as
if she were undergoing a Harrowing. Success allows her to
keep the Passion, but the searing cold flames of the lake cause
one level of aggravated damage before she is released. Wraiths
ignore Tempest-born dangers to their peril. Failure causes
the wraith to reduce the Passion by one just as if she had
been successfully attacked by a Spectre. She also receives
two levels of aggravated damage, then she is released. The
damage in both cases represents the partial freezing of her
emotions, making her a colder, less-emotional being over-
all. A botch results in the loss of all but one point in the
Passion and three levels of aggravated damage. Furthermore,
the wraith is not freed from the lake and a second Passion
becomes the target of a new attack. If the wraith had only
one point in the Passion and botched the roll, the Passion is
gone and that tie to her mortal life has been burned away.

Storytellers should beware of copycats when running this
encounter. If one player sees another succeed by interacting
ina certain fashion, she is likely to try the same thing her-
self, Either the encounter should be run for each player pri-
vately, or the Storyteller must be certain that the dream se-
quence is different enough for each player that it is impos-
sible to simply ape what another player has done. Require
the player to play within the strict interpretation of her
character's Nature and don't accept slick and easy reproduc-
tions of someone else's genuine emotions.

Obviously, encountering the Lake of Cold Fire is a great
opportunity for roleplaying. It is also one of the most easily
abused encounters available. This should be kept in reserve
for very special games and then used sparingly. The best use
for it is to introduce it gradually, letting the characters see it
in the distance and hear a cry of anguish from within it.
Should they investigate, it is gone. Let one of them talk to
another wraith who has heard terrifying stories (some true,
some not) about the blue flame. Then, several sessions later,
have them narrowly avoid being trapped in it. Eventually,
when they do become trapped within it, the lake will mean
alot more to them — and they may be prepared to meet its
challenges. If the Storyteller drags out the lake encounter
every time they try to cross the Tempest in an attempt to
frustrate the players, it will lose its effectiveness and the
Storyteller may lose her players.

qhe Land of Bedlam

The only emperor is the emperor of ice cream.

— Wallace Stevens, "The Emperor of Ice Cream"

Some wraiths are driven insane by conditions in the
Underworld. They retain their Passions, but add the power
to fix their insanities into physical forms. Hounded by the
Hierarchy, driven out by Heretics and even scorned by the
Renegades, these profoundly tortured souls tend to gather
together for protection. The place where they have chosen
to doso is called the Land of Bedlam. Whatever can be imag-
ined is possible in Bedlam. It may look and seem like a per-
fectly ordinary place in the Skinlands because everyone seems
to be alive (which may be awfully confusing for wraiths who
stumble into the area). Abutting that area might be a ghostly
theatre where wraiths perform nonsensical dramas utilizing
marionettes made from other wraiths. Within the theatre,
but ignored by the participants and audience of the play,
there might exist a slaughterhouse where despairing wraiths
are led forward to a chopping block, then are dismembered
in every grisly manner imaginable. A street bazaar might sell
chains of Stygian steel that scream with laughter and fasten
around the wraith who bought them.

Wraiths who pass through Bedlam may be caught up in
‘almost any situation or subjected to the most horrible night-
mares and tortures outside of a Harrowing. All power lies in
belief, however, and Bedlam's inhabitants, for all of their
power, have no way to make their insanities permanent un-
less the wraiths involved believe that it is so. The effect is
only a sort of group Phantasm, and any wraith subjected to
the craziness of Bedlam may rescue herself simply through
her own will expressed as disbelief. To some extent, the whole
of the Underworld is only a space within the mind, so wraiths
who are "killed" or "tortured" while in Bedlam will
discorporate briefly and find themselves on the perimeter of
this weird land, preparatory to entering it. Spectres never
bother the land of Bedlam — most inhabitants of the area
eventually seek surcease in Oblivion.

The Miasma

The Miasma is quite unlike any other part of the Tem-
pest. For one thing, it is a gas, not a liquid or solid, and its
noxious vapors settle over wraiths as they travel along By-
ways. The Miasma's most obvious feature is the cloud of chok-
ing gas it produces. This foul vapor layers itself around wraiths
and chokes off their memories. Some claim that the Miasma
is created from the tortured sighs of Spectres; others say the
cloud is composed of tiny particles of Oblivion itself. Cer-
tainly, the latter theory would seem more likely because the
vapor erodes portions of the wraith, making him more drone-
like and easier prey.


The second feature of the Miasma is the absolute si-
lence it enfolds around the wraith. The background sounds
that are ever-present in Stygia, from the forging of chains to
the whimpers of Moliated wraith-torches, lapping waters,
screaming winds, shrieking voices...all are silenced. Nor is
the wraith able to make a sound. Groups traveling together
are cut off, one from another, wrapped in their own quiet
mists as they lose the memories which make them wraiths.

Because the Miasma is a gas, wraiths who possess Argos
cannot swim in it. Unless they possess Argos 2 (Phantom
Wings), they will be justas helpless and floundering as wraiths
who have no skill in this Arcanos. Argos 3 and 4 (Flicker and
Jump) do not work within the confines of the Miasma. Argos
5 (Oubliette) can be used to pull oneself out of the Miasma,
but one aggravated wound level is inflicted in doing so.

Those who are caught in the Miasma must make a Fet-
ters roll (difficulty 7) on their lowest-rated Fetter (except
fora shared Haunt). If they succeed, wraiths are confused as
to where their Fetters are for the next few hours (10 minus
the wraith's Intelligence), but suffer no further consequences.
Those who fail have all memory of the Fetter temporarily
erased from their minds for one day. The Fetter is gone as
though it never existed during that time period. If this is a
wraith's last Fetter, the wraith may not travel to the
Shadowlands during the 24 hour period in which her Fetter

is lost to her. The Miasma then lifts from around the wraiths
and they are freed to continue their journey. A botch means
the wraith loses the Fetter and is rendered imbecilic for the
next hour. While in this state, the wraith is comple
ss and cannot care for herself. If she is alone, she will float
aimlessly through the Tempest until she snaps out of it, is
rescued or is captured or slain. Companions with the wraith
must pull her along, initiating all actions for her and de-
fending her. She cannot remember who she is or take any
actions to defend herself, nor may she enter the Shadowlands,
because her loss of memory makes her the equivalent of a
Fetterless wraith. She is like a drone and may slowly act out
her death over and over until her mind returns to normal
Shared Haunts may not be the target of a Miasmic attack
because they are intrinsically too tightly anchored in place
if held by more than one person. Once it has made its initial
attack, the Miasma drifts away.

The Ocean of Acid

This zone is very straightforward and very deadly. As
the wraith swims, rides or walks through the Tempest, he
suddenly finds himself moving into an ocean of vivid green.

This deep green liquid is acid rather than the normal soul-
ichor that usually makes up the Sea of Shadows. Around its


edges, the sea looks crinkled and overhead the air is tinted a
pale greenish-yellow. The acid causes normal damage at the
rate of two Corpus per tur. If the wraith is inside a relic
vehicle of some sort, the vehicle is destroyed in three turns.
Any relics or Artifacts the wraiths are carrying are subject to
destruction unless the wraith rolls the relic or Artifact's rat-
ing (difficulty 7). Wraiths may use Willpower to save their

items if they so desire.

Despite the terrible, burning agony, wraiths who are
caught in the acid must keep moving or lose all of their Cor-
pusin the torturous liquid. It takes 6 turns minus the wraith's
Wits rating to escape from the acid. Those who stop rather
than continuing on add another turn to their time in the
acid. If they do not begin moving again within three turns,
the Storyteller should give them a Wits + Alertness roll (dif-
ficulty 6) to realize their only chance is to get out of the
acid. Companions may pull other characters out with a suc-
cessful Strength + Athletics roll.

Wraiths who lose all of their Corpus in the acid are im-
mediately subjected to a Harrowing. Ferryman boats are im-
mune to the effects of the Ocean of Acid, but Ferrymen them-
selves are not. Once a wraith has experienced the Ocean of
Acid, he can always recognize its particular look in the fu-
ture and attempt to avoid it. Wraiths who are flying through
the Tempest rather than swimming or in a vehicle are never
trapped by this zone, When next they check their relics,
however, they appear dulled and pitted as if with acidic va-
pors.

The Pool of Bittersweet Remembrance

Little things used to mean so much to Shelly. I always thought
they were kind of trivial. Believe me, nothing is trivial.

— Eric Draven, The Crow

Proving that not everything which looks different is
necessarily evil, the Pool of Bittersweet Remembrance is a
silvery-sheened circle that appears atop the oily, black ichor
of the Sunless Sea. The air above the circle is washed with
shifting colors similar to the Aurora Borealis.
grance like lilacs or fresh-mown grass wafts from the zone.
Wraiths may avoid the area if they so choose. Should the
wraith approach, he will find that it is possible to step out
onto the silvery circle. It is quite solid. Several may step onto
it together if they like. Once one or more of the Restless
dead is atop it, the circle slowly begins to spin.

A sweet fra-

Anyone on the circle will undergo a sublime experi-
ence for a wraith: He will remember more of his past. This
should be handled much like the dream-sequence in the Sea
of Cold Fire, but instead of invoking a known scene from
the wraith's past, the Storyteller should introduce some thing,
place or person that the wraith knows nothing about or only
vaguely recalls. This should highlight some particularly joy-

ful or painful moment in the wraith's life (a special com-
mendation from his boss, the death of his baby daughter, his
first solo flight, his wife's heart operation). The scene must
fit the concept of the wraith, his personality and the known
facts of his life. Obviously, it would be ludicrous to intro-
duce a scene in which a lifer in prison is given the key to the
city and an outstanding citizenship award. This encounter
requires that the Storyteller be very familiar with the char-
acters, and should be handled with delicacy. Sometimes it's
the little things that mean the most — and cause the most
anguish when they're lost.

If the player roleplays the encounter well, the Story-
teller may award a new Fetter having to do with the remem-
bered scene to the character. This can be a one or two point
Fetter, depending on the excellence of the roleplaying and
the apparent value that would be given to the Fetter as de-
termined by the story of the scene. One point Fetters might
be a certificate of appreciation, keys to the executive bath-
room or a baseball signed by your favorite player. Two point
Fetters would include your son's birth certificate, your wife's
tombstone or your grandfather's favorite story-telling.
pipe. Failure to interact with the Pool results in no losses
other than missing a chance for some great roleplaying. Once
the interactions are finished, the pool dissipates.

qhe Quagmire

Looking much like an English heath, the Quagmire lures
wraiths into its interior, then entraps them in quicksand. It
is a gradual entrapment. As the wraith moves through the
area, the ground becomes soggy. Her feet begin sinking into
the mud, making sucking noises as she pulls them free. Ahead,
just beyond the current muddy patch, is drier ground, sandy
and solid — until she steps on it. Then it reveals itself to be
quicksand. At least one leg is inevitably caught, and the
wraith must make a Dexterity + Dodge roll (difficulty 7) to
avoid stumbling in with the other leg as she tries to regain
her balance. If the wraith is running at the time (from Spec-
tres or Legionnaires, for example), she is automatically caught
by both legs and immediately sinks in up to her waist. Once
it has any portion of the wraith, the Quagmire is tenacious.
It refuses to give up its prize and continues to try for more. If
only one leg is caught, the Quagmire is more of a nuisance
than a true threat. Eventually, the wraith will acquire enough
successes to free herself. Having both legs caught is more
serious. Unless the wraith can pull herself free (or has friends
to help her do so), she will be sucked down into the quick-
sand. She will not be destroyed, but will become dormant,
as if she were sleeping, until she is rescued, found by Spec-
tres or until the Quagmire moves on and leaves her in its
wake.


There are never any handholds conveniently nearby in
the Quagmire. No trees grow there, no fallen branches litter
the ground. A wraith must roll five successes on Strength +
Athletics (difficulty 9) to successfully break one limb away
from the Quagmire. This can be an Extended Action. If the
wraith stops in the middle to attend to anything else, how-
ever, all prior successes are erased. Example: Deadbeat
stumbles into the Quagmire as he flees from a Hierarchy
patrol. Both legs are caught. He rolls against his Strength +
Athletics and gets two nines, two successes! The next turn,
he notices that two of the Hierarchy patrol will be able to
reach him, Rather than try to break free again, he draws his
Artifact sword and holds them at bay, Because he has stopped
trying to escape from the Quagmire, it returns to pulling him
down. He loses all the successes he had gained before. If he
wants to escape now, he will have to have five successes to

do so.

Up to two friends may help a wraith escape from the
Quagmire. Each helper must make a Dexterity + Brawl roll
(difficulty 7) to get into position to help without becoming
mired herself. Helpers each add one die of their Strength to
the wraith who is struggling to free herself (giving her one
or two more dice to attempt the feat). If the wraith cannot
help herself, the helpers may combine their Strength scores
and attempt a Strength feat. They need five successes (diffi-
culty 8) to drag the mired wraith out of the quicksand by
sheer muscle power.

The Sargasso Sea

This zone is named for a famous area of the ocean in the
Skinlands near the Azores, where sargasso seaweed is found
in abundance. The real Sargasso Sea is a breeding ground
for eels. The Underworld Sargasso Sea also has sea wrack in
abundance, but it is made up of the hair and skin (the dross
thrown off) of wraiths who have been smelted down to make
Stygian goods. It is a breeding ground of Sargasso Spectres
who rise up through the tangled sea wrack to assault passing
wraiths.

Passage through the area is, of necessity, slow. Tangled
mounds of rotting seaweed float within the sooty liquid of
the sea. At first, they are far apart. After awhile, however,
the seaweed becomes more frequent. There are more piles
and they are closer together. Even on a byway, they begin to
be obstructive. Turning around does nothing to solve the
problem; more seaweed drifts in to fill the areas the wraith
has already passed through. Soon the wraith finds himself at
the center of a vast sea of tangled sea wrack. The Sargasso
Spectres, who seem to be immune to the entangling effects
of the seaweed, rise up out of it in packs and lunge for their
prey, howling in high-pitched, nerve-wracking voices (us-
ing the Keening Arcanos). The wraith is at -1 to all of his
Physical rolls due to the difficulty of movement through the

seaweed, and 1 toall Mental rolls due to the horrible screams
of the Spectres who make concentration difficult at best.

Wraiths may escape from the Sargasso Sea by success-
fully employing Argos 2 (Phantom Wings), or Argos 4
(Jump), or they may physically force their way through in 8
turns minus their Strength score. If they choose to force a
way through, wraiths are unable to fight the Spectres at the
same time. The Spectres do not pursue beyond the bound-
ary of the Sargasso Sea. Recent rumor has indicated that the
Sargasso Sea is not really a zone at all, but is the hair of the
chest or head of a Malfean who moves about the Sunless
Sea.

qhe Sea of Broken Glass

So take me from the wreckage
Save me from the blast

Lift me up and take me back

Don't let me keep on walking...

Walking on broken glass.

— Annie Lennox, "Walking on Broken Glass"

This zone is misnamed, for there is no glass to be found
within its liquid, Rather, it is strewn with the metallic dross
cast off from the forging of Stygian metals. Razor sharp pieces
of the metal — too small to be useful, but large enough to
wound wraiths coming into contact with them — are sus-
pended in the wine-dark liquid, which smells of blood and
smoke, Dark smoke hangs over the area, stinging the eyes
and throats of those who travel through it. Groans, screa
and whispers enshroud the sea; crying out in agony, murmul
ing pleas or shouting out secrets — personal and political.

It is a strange, magnetic area that attracts and traps
Stygian metal pieces to it. Wraiths bringing things into the
area that are made of Stygian metal or darksteel must make
a Strength roll (difficulty 8) to pull the item back out of the
area. The Sea of Broken Glass appears full-blown on top of
wraiths traveling through the Tempest. It rises up from out
of the depths and encloses them in its splintery grasp.
Oblivion metal shards slash and wound the wraiths while
unseen victims and penitents serenade travelers with their
haunting cries. Moving through the sea causes wraiths to
take one aggravated wound level per turn. It takes two turns
to escape from the area ifa wraith has Argos; without Argos,
escape takes four turns. One turn after the sea rises, how-
ever, Shard Spectres (Spectres that have had the razor shards
of Stygian metal embedded into their bodies) arise and at-
tack. A successful attack from a Shard Spectre causes
Strength +3 aggravated damage. Their strength is usually
Average (2 to 3), though some particularly deadly ones have
Strengths of 4 or 5. Wraiths who lose all of their Corpus
levels to Shard Spectres sink into the sea and become Shard
Spectres themselves after a final Harrowing.


Tempest Fugit
This quirky area of the Tempest is not so much a place
es, time flies

asan occurrence. Within the area it encomy
— literally. Humorously dubbed Tempest Fugit, the area
speeds up time for wraiths caught within it. This can be ei-
ther beneficial or detrimental depending on what the wraith
was trying to do when encircled. If the wraith was resting,
time passes quickly and Corpus is restored in a flash. If she
was fighting Spectres who have called for reinforcements,
the wraith may be out of luck as wave after wave of the foul
creatures arrive in the blink of an eye.

Once the wraith leaves the area, she steps back into the
normal flow of time as it was; meaning that whatever takes
place within the Tempest Fugit does so almost instanta-
neously. Everything inside the area seems hazy to those out-
side it, while everything outside the area appears blurred to
those who are within it. From a distance a Tempest Fugit
looks like a shiny bubble. The bubble can serve like the eye
ofa hurricane, providing a calm refuge from a Maelstrom for
those wraiths who stay within it. Though the bubble will be
buffeted about by the fury of the Maelstrom, it will not pop,
and those inside are protected frgm all effects of the Mael-
strom and the Spectres that accompany it, as they are liter-
ally in another time

Ihe Alk inclusive Theory

The all-inclusive theory states that there are countless
other realms within the Tempest. Each is unique
yet to be discovered. Some lay in domes beneath the waves
ched by riding great fish or by any wraith brave
of them. Others

some have

and can be re:
enough to sink into the depths in search

ride high in the sky, tethered to the lands below by slender
bridges or floating free to wherever the winds take them.
Some correspond to the dreams and aspirations of Native
Americans and Aborigines. According to this theory, all
beliefs and hopes are included somewhere within the Un-
derworld and can be found by those who seek them.

Most wraiths tend to believe in the all-inclusive theory.
It best fits the facts as they know them. It explains the vari-
ous realms, the byways and the politics, revealing them all
as dark reflections of the world of the living. It allows the
Underworld to be understood and accepted and provides
wraiths with stable points of reference. No matter how hor-
rible parts of it may be, the similarity ro the Skinlands is
comforting and familiar.

The Thete's-Nothine-There-AtAll Theory

Analternative to the all-inclusive theory is the one that
claims there's really nothing there at all. The Underworld,
say this theory's proponents, isn't an'‘actual, physical place.
‘There'are no places\except inside a wraith's own minds Iés
all a grand illusion — or delusion. This is why there is a
Tempest. It is the chaos of the mind which must be braved
in pursuit of self-knowledge. This is why directions are not
constant and distances are subjective; things are where the
wraith thinks they are and it takes as long to get from one
place to another as a wraith believes it will take. Oblivion is
nota force the theorists contend, but denial. Once a wraith
accepts her own demise and confronts her own fears and
shortcomings, shélcan pase Beyond denial and reincarare
or Transcend.

Neither theory may be correct, or both may be. Even
the Dead aren't really certain.


Chapter Two:

Riders on

he Storm

His eyes were as a flame of fire,
and on his head were many crowns;
and he had a name written, that no

man knew, but he himself
— Revelation: 19, xii, The Holy Bible

PSG) here are many denizens of the Tempest.

| Some are plasmic entities that defy de-

| scription or that resemble legendary

monsters and horrors. Some appear to be,

| for lack of a better name, angels and de-

mons. Most of the beings that live in the

Tempest are various kinds of Spectres

These are the creatures most wraiths are familiar with. Aside

from these monstrous foes, there are other beings who dwell

in the hidden reaches of the Tempest — Renegades and

Heretics who have set up bases far within the Tempest's

stormy interior and the Ferrymen, who dwell in their secret

abodes that are located somewhere along the River of Death.

Any of them might cause problems for characters or offer

them help or shelter. Almost all who offer their help expect
some payment in return,

The Plasmic Entities

Plasmic entities are strange creatures of the Tempest that
are neither wraith nor Spectre. Most are monstrous, but some

take on forms that are similar to normal animals, fish, birds
and insects. Most have only minimal or animal level Intelli-
gence and are incapable of making elaborate plans; however,
the predators among them may be quite adept at hunting,
tracking and attacking wraiths who enter their territories.

Others are fearfully cunning and intelligent, with some ap-
proaching genius. It often seems as though the more bizarre
and horrible the outward form of the plasmic entity, the more
intelligent it is. Slain plasmic entities dis
knows if they reform elsewhere. Originally, many plasmic
entities were confused with Malfeans, but interaction with
them has shown them to be something other than Spectres.
Many wraiths believe that plasmic entities are created from
drones who have been swept away by Maelstroms; others
think they are the residue of animal spirits, and some theo-
rists posit that they are the memories and nightmares of
wraiths which the Tempest steals and makes manifest. Some
of the better-known plasmic entities are listed here.

Phantasies

Phantasies are the entities that resemble creatures of
the Skinlands. Some wraiths jokingly refer to them as "road
Kill." Many (such as horses and dolphins) are harmless and
may even provide wraiths with transportation. Wraiths
stranded in the Tempest without access to Argos Arcanos
are occasionally aided by such beings. All plasmic entities
possess Argos and a limited form of telepathy or Empathy
which allows them to communicate their feelings and de-
sires to wraiths. Those who provide aid to wraiths usually
demand something in return, either a point of Pathos or a
minor relic for their services.

orporate. No one


Some other Phantasies are dangerous predators who hunt
wraiths in the same fashion as their earthly counterparts would,
These may resemble tigers, bears, sharks and other large preda-
tors, Many extinct species, such as sabre-tooth tigers and mast-
codons, are found among the Phantasies. All inflict wounds to
wraiths. Although they do not cause aggravated wounds, they
can reduce a wraith's Corpus to zero, causing him to be swarmed
by Spectres and carried off to a Harrowing, Wraiths always lose
one point of Pathos to an attacking Phantasie if it manages to
reduce the wraith to zero Corpus. This serves as their suste-
nance. Phantasies have no other special powers.

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Intimidation 2, Tracking 4
Arcanost Argos 3

Willpower: 6

Pathos: 6

Angst: N/A

Corpus: 7

Equipment: }

Deliriunns

Deliriums resemble Phantasies in some regard, but have
strange quirks or powers. Deliriums can be bears with wings,
bulls with snakes for arms or other malformed and monstrous-
looking animals. Among their membership are any strange
beings which are not legendary or totally alien. Deliriums
may be friendly or just as savage as the predatory Phantasies,
but tend to be more intelligent than the normal-looking
entities. Helpful Deliriums are very similar to the Phanta-
sies in regard to payment for their aid, usually asking for Pa-
thos or a relic. Deliriums often work in groups to maximize
their potential gains. Many predatory Deliriums are intelli-
gent enough to bargain with trespassers rather than simply
hunting them. They will often accept a point of Pathos or
minor relic as a toll. Others enjoy hunting and rending too
much and cannot be bargained with no matter what they
are offered. Each Delirium has additional Arcanos which it
uses to its advantage in addition to Argos. They have the
same stats as Phantasies except their Intelligence is 3 and
they have Argos 3 and 1-3 points in other Arcanos. Addi-
tionally, those who have useful additions such as wings can
use them to fly without invoking Argos 2, Phantom Wings.

Legendaries

These entities assume the forms of legendary creatures
watch, the Phoenix and dragons. It is
possible that the milk-white death steeds with red eyes which
Charon discovered and tamed may have been Legendaries.

re

such as Pegasi, S:


Any creature depicted in a medieval bestiary can be found
among these beings. Legendaries are all highly intelligent;
most are on par with the Deliriums, but some are clearly
geniuses. Chimerae and hydras are among those with the
most predatory instincts. The largest and most fearsome of
the Legendaries is the Leviathan. Many Li are quite
beautiful and some have been claimed as unique objets dart,
servitors, messengers or even guests by various Deathlords
Malfeans tend to covet Legendaries as well. A few have been
known to befriend wraiths who treat them kindly and with
respect. As with the Deliiums, some of the more fierce

ndaries

Legendaries may accept some sort of toll for passing through
their area rather than insisting upon a chase or battle. Most
want Pathos, but some (like the Sphinx, who insists on riddle
games) want other things (Knowledge,

Legendaries all have at least the Attribut
Powers of Deliriums; many are more powerful. Each is a unique
individual and should be given Traits which make sense for the
type of creature it is. Sasquatch, for example, might have Stamina
5, while a Sphinx might have an Intelligence of 5 and a Knowl-
¢ of riddles or enigmas. In addition, they should be given
Arcanos which reflect their basic natures or which give them
an edge in staying free or battling wraiths. For example, the
Phoenix can Moliate itself into flame and ash, then rise up from
the ashes, resuming its original form. It could also use its Moliate

es, etc.
Abilities and

s against anyone who disturbs it

reatures range from the tentacled, otherworldly
horrors described by H. P. Lovecraft to the terrifying reptilian
entities from the movie Alien. Most are unspeakably huge and
disgusting; all are totally impossible to understand or catego-
rize. Their thought processes are so unlike those of humans or
wraiths that guessing what one will do — or what one is ca-
pable of doing — is a lost cause. These are the plasmic entit
which are most often mistaken for Malfeans. They are not
Malfeans because they were never wraiths or humans. Of course,
some people say that many Malfeans were never wraiths or hu-
mans either, Furthermore, they do not seek to engulf and eat
wraiths, nor do they employ Shades or Nephwracks. Most are
huge beyond description; too enormous for normal Traits. All
Wyrds are highly intelligent, and usually have up to ten points
or more in various Arcanos (including 4 points of Argos)

Wyrds are highly unpredictable. One might save a group
of wraith characters from a Hierarchy patrol only to sell them
to a band of Heretics. The same Wyrd might then lead the
patrol to the Heretics' hideaway, only to spirit the char
ters away to its own realm where it requires them to enter
tain it. A good performance might mean riches and freedom
or it could merit being eaten. The Wyrd has its own reasons
for acting as it does, and these need never make sense to the
characters


Legendaries and Wyrds are unique entities and should
be treated as such. They should not appear every time the
characters venture into the Tempest, but should be saved for
| occasions and stories. Legendaries are best used in
stories involving quests for various items. Wyrds are most
effective as the villains behind strange disappearance
surprise encounters in situations where the players believe
things couldn't get any worse. In the Tempest, of course,
thin

Angelics and Demonics

Although they could be classified among the Legendaries
(or aliens), Angelics and Demonics are in a class by them:
selves because of the significance that most wraiths attach
to them.

Angelis

Asa general rule, Angelics are humanoid in appearance,
uncommonly beautiful and have long, flowing, feathery
wings. Many appear to be sexless or androgynous. Most are
limned in pale blue, rosy or white light, reflecting the colors
in their wings. Some also have haloes. A few appear clad in
scintillating robes, while others are nude. Some are mute
and express themselves only with beautiful gestures and fa-
cial expressions. Most Angelics are kind and helpful to
wraiths they meet, using their powers to help wraiths through
the Tempest, shelter them from harm or to heal them of their
injuries.

Demonics

Demonics are usually ugly and bestial. Many are not
shaped like humanoids at all. Their wings tend to be skel-
etal and bat-like. Most have obvious sexual characteristics
and wear no clothing. They are usually surrounded by a dull,
reddish-black glow. Some are horned, have barbed tails and
cloven hooves. Their voices range from grating whispers to
deafening roars. Most Demonics seek to harm wraiths, try-
ing to capture them for elaborate tortures oF to use as slaves.
They usually possess powers which cause damage.

or as

s always do.

Such is not always the case. Some Angelics are repul-
sively ugly and are often mistaken for Demonics, but retain
their gentle demeanors and caring natur
also true, with some Demonics having breathtaking beauty
that covers a cruel and evil heart. These Demonics may play
along and elaborate game with wraiths they encounter, lead-
ing them to believe they are Angelics until they spring a
nasty trap or betray the wraiths at the worst possible time.

. The reverse is

Most Demonics enjoy playing with their victim

Yet a third kind are those known as the Archangelics
and Archdemonics. They may or may not look like their


lesser kin; some may appear to be normal wraiths. These
beings are polarized at the extremity of good and evil, hav-
ing become so static, that they have lost all sense of spirit
and act only on the letter of the law, so to speak.

Archangelcs

Regardless of how they look when first encountered,
Archangelics change into terrible, fiery-eyed avengers, armed
with flaming swords and scrolls of judgment. They seek to
punish all wraiths for their unconfessed sins and evils, hom-
ing in on the wraith's Shadow and drawing it out for combat
through a unique power of Castigate. Any wraith is destroyed
whose Shadow is also destroyed in combat with an
Archangelic. Her soul is captured by the Archangelic. No
one is certain what the Archangelics do with these cleansed
souls, but it is surmised that they are used in the forging of
their flaming swords. At any rate, it is believed that these
souls do not go to feed Oblivion

Archdemonics

Archdemonics locate wraiths who have very little Angst
and attempt to corrupt them with kindness, gifting them with
extra Abilities through the use of Shadow dice. They'll also
teach them Arcanos which causes the wraith to gain Angst
by using them. Archdemonic's actions are more long-term
than their Angelic brethren since it usually takes a little time
tocorrupt someone. Their goal is to cause the wraith to suc-
cumb to his Shadow, thereby becoming a Spectre or being
drawn into Oblivion.

Djinn

A final type in this category are the Djinn. Some
Angelics and Demonics appear as genies or efreeti and seem
to possess the powers attributed to those beings. The
provide wraiths with fabulous wealth — in Stygian coin, of
course — and other material items like relic palaces and fly-
ing carpets. This wealth costs the wraith dearly. For each
wish granted or thing demanded, the wraith loses a point of
Pathos. The wraith will not notice this at first, being too
caught up in her own greed. After the loss of the second
point, the wraith may roll Wits + Occult (or Enigmas, if
that is higher, difficulty 6). If she succeeds, she notices the
loss and connects it with the wish or demand. If asked, the
Djinn will tell the wraith that wishes and such must be pow-
ered somehow, just like Arcanos. If she fails, she will notice
the loss of Pathos, but will attribute it to something else (the
Storyteller should concoct some plausible explanation). On
abotch, the wraith notices no loss, and in fact, feels stronger
than ever —her Shadow is becoming empowered by her be-
havior. She may even want to ask for more. After each sub-
sequent loss, the wraith should have another chance to no-

can


tice that something is amiss. The difficulty level remains
constant because the more Pathos she loses, the easier it is
to notice that it's gone. While it is possible to eventually
generate more Pathos, if a wraith loses it all to a Djinn, she
will be unable to use her Arcanos — including Argos to
maneuver in the Tempest — making it almost impossible for
her to go elsewhere to generate new Pathos.

Angelics and Demonics should be generated individu-
ally, and should not be so overpowering that characters have
no chance against them. Neither should they be so weak
that players lose all respect for such powerful beings. They
should be at least as powerful as Legendaries, and have both
Argos and Castigate in addition to any other Arcanos which
they possess. Angelics and Demonics are often used as agents
for heaven or hell and might require wraiths to accompany
them to their patron Far Shore in return for their help.

Spectres

Cauldron of hatred, festering horror
The anger of chaotic confusion, their twisted minds
Burning with the madness of eternal suffering

— The Obsessed, "Climate of Despair"

By far the most numerous and common foes to be met
in the Tempest are Spectres. The word Spectre is a catch-all
term for corrupt beings that live in the Tempest and serve
Oblivion. In many ways, Spectres are wraiths' most fearsome
opponents, for they are what wraiths can become upon the
loss of their Passions or Fetters or if they succumb to a Har-
rowing, Wraiths should never forget that Spectres were once
wraiths like themselves. They should not dismiss Spectres as
faceless, meaningless foes.

Alll Spectres have a form of group telepathy and radiate
a cold, black phosphorescence that is the physical manifes-
tation of the rays of Oblivion. There are many different kinds,
shapes and sizes of Spectres; only a few of which have been
categorized.

Shades

Seal up the mouth of outrage for a while,
‘Till we can clear these ambiguities,

And know their spring, their head, their true descent;
And then will I be general of your woes,

And lead you even to death...

— William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

Shades are souls who have been lost to Oblivion and
have chosen to embrace its power. Taken over by their Shad-
ows, they become hungry ghosts with great cunning, but little
intelligence. Nearly mindless, Shades almost always have the
special power of Pathos Drain because they need the warmth
of the emotions to ward off the chill of the Tempest. They

The Sea of Shadows

Sag

can fly through the Tempest, eavesdrop on the Shadowlands
from nihils, locate entrances to the Labyrinth and sense
wraiths by the amount of Pathos the wraith possesses. They
are predators with very sharp senses.

Some Shades resemble humans (or wraiths) in form,
while others have been twisted into hideous monsters. There
are several Shade Powers that they can utilize (detailed on
p. 232 of Wraith: The Oblivion). Most Shades have only
one power, but larger ones may possess as many as three.
Though they are almost mindless, Shades still tend to follow
the patterns of the Shadows from which they were born
Some continue on in the same way while others seem to fall
prey to the Shadow's weaknesses. They can, with some res-
ervations, be divided into the following type

Abusers: These Shades are often in the forefront of an
invasion. They derive the most satisfaction from the inflic-
tion of pain. Uninterested in or unwilling to use subtler pow-
ers, these Shades most often have the powers of Shark's Teeth
or Ectoplasmic Tentacles. Abusers are often twisted into
monstrous forms, but many look like stern and unforgiving
parents, teachers, clergy or policemen.

Directors: Directors are rarely the first Shades on the
scene. They hang back, directing other Shades into place
before making their own move. Waiting until a wraith is
distracted, they move in and utilize the power known as Bind,
attempting to encapsulate and drag the wraith off in order
to bedevil her in a particularly nightmarish scene of their
choosing, Directors rarely look monstrous. Most seem quiet
and unassuming — until they shatter a wraith's Psyche
through evoking her Shadow over and over.

Freaks: Shades born from Freak Shadows delight in tor
menting wraiths by exposing their darkest secrets. They most
often utilize Hound the Harrowed in order to dredge up and
feed on a wraith's most painful and humiliating memories
Freaks are often monstrous. Some also possess Ectoplasmic
Tentacles which they use, not to attack, but to grasp a wraith
and drag him to the Labyrinth.

Leeches: Leeches exist to be fed and they don't care
what they feed on or how they get it. They most often have
Pathos Drain, though a very few, larger Leech Shades may
also have the Chameleon Parasite power. There is no subtlety
in most of them, however, and Pathos Drain is their favored
attack. Many Leeches look like giant slugs.

Martyrs: Generally humanoid in appearance, Martyrs
are usually found at the front lines of battle along with Abus-
ets. They are far more subtle in their assaults, favoring Rend
the Lifeweb as their main attack form. Rend the Lifeweb
can destroy a wraith's Fetters, thereby bringing the wraith
closer to dissolution by weakening his hold on the Skinlands.
Coincidentally, it costs the Shade five Angst points to use,
weakening the Shade and making it more likely to be de-
stroyed. After all, it wants to be a Martyr.


Monsters: Horribly warped and malformed, Monsters
seek to cause wild destruction. They usually have Shark's
Teeth as their primary power, but many also possess Spectral
Scream so that they can summon others to help in the slaugh-
tet. If they summon a Malfean in the process, so much the
better. Like Abusers and Martyrs, Monsters like to be in the
first wave of attackers. Unlike Abusers, they do not want to
cause pain, just wanton destruction. Should Abusers (or pref-
erably Martyrs) get in their way, Monsters perfectly happy
to destroy them too.

Parents: This strange Shade rarely makes a direct at-
tack. The Parent Shade usually uses Numbing the Heart.
When it uses its power, it attacks the wraith's Passions, hop-
ing to cut the wraith off from her own feelings and open her
to the numbing cold of Oblivion, thereby controlling her.
Parent Shades often appear as concerned parents or guard-

ians.

Perfectionists: These Shades utilize Hound the Har-
rowed as their primary attack. They are usually not included
in concerted attacks on strongholds. They are more suited
to Harrowings. They are the most mutable form of any of
the Shades, being able to assume any shape at will. Perfec-
tionists use their abilities to force wraiths into mistakes which
can then be punished.

Pushers: Pushers may be the oddest Shades of all. They
do not utilize any of the normal Shade Powers. Indeed, they
do not prey directly on wraiths at all, but on other Shades.
Rather than attacking wraiths, Pushers travel with Shade
packs and offer their Angst to fuel other Shades' powers for
use against their foes. Naturally, they expect a little some-
thing in return...a choice morsel of Pathos, for example. Push-
ers may either be humanoid or monstrous-looking.

Rationalists: There are no known Rationalist Shades.
For some reason, the particular nature of this Shadow does
not lend itself to mindlessness. Rationalists usually become
Dopplegangers — Spectres who can put the Intelligence of
the Shadow to good use.

Dapplegangers

Dopplegangers are wraiths whose Shadows have con-
sumed them, but they retain their personalities, free will and
knowledge of Arcanos. They also retain their Fetters, allow-
ing them to enter the Shadowlands. They continue to gather
Pathos; they prefer to be honored with the darker emotions,
ihunning those generaced by love and othite'posttive feel-
ings. All Dopplegangers have Argos 5, allowing them to move
about the Tempest at will, banish other wraiths to the Tem-
pest or hold them within it once they are there. They may
have up to five points worth of additional Arcanos. Usually,
they select the extra Arcanos from among the options that
assist them in their various maneuverings.

Dopplegangers retain their own forms. Many are capable
of assuming other forms as well, including that of other
wraiths. Their power to change form is their favorite trick
and is what gives them their name. It is rarely apparent that
Dopplegangers are not normal wraiths, and even Castigate
will not always discover their true nature. Because of their
many advantages, not the least of which is their Intelligence,
Dopplegangers are the favored agents of Malfeans. They ful-
fill several roles and may be divided into several types:

Actors: These shape-shifters are the main actors in
Harrowings. They take whatever forms are called for and
torment the wraiths brought to them. They most enjoy as-
suming roles in which they appear to be the tormented loved
ones of the wraith being Harrowed, for this evokes the most
anguish. However, they also savor roles which allow them
to assist the wraith's Shadow in directly threatening or tor-
turing the wraith. All Actors have Castigate 2 which allows
them to discover the wraiths' darkest secrets and utilize them
to personalize the Harrowing, making it as frightening or
humiliating as possible. Doppleganger Actors feed off of the
emotions that are generated, refueling their Pathos. In addi-
tion to their Castigate talents, Actors also excel at the fifth
level of Moliate (Bodyshape). In compensation, they have
only enough Argos to allow them to move through the Tem-
pest from one Labyrinth entrance to another.

Assassins: Assassins are Dopplegangers who enter the
Shadowlands, particularly Necropoli, in groups and attempt
to secretly waylay and destroy wraiths who pass through their
area of operation. These vicious Spectres feed off of the pain,
fear and anger they generate with their attacks. A well-hid-
den group who attacks only lone wraiths may function for
quite a while without being noticed in larger Necropoli.
Because they do not have to function in wraith society, A
sassins will often be Nephwracks (Dopplegangers who have
become eroded by the force of Oblivion so that their ap-
pearance has devolved). Doubles (see below) sometimes act
in tandem with Assassins, taking the places of slain wraiths.

Banshees: These horrific Dopplegangers are so named
because their Keening Arcanos allows them to manipulate
and harm other wraiths. Banshees may have up to Keening 5.
This allows them to covertly use Dirge to subtly manipulate
the emotions of nearby wraiths. Banshees hope to drive
wraiths closer to Oblivion by urging them to feed only on
negative emotions. A strange twist on this power makes it
seem as though the Keening is actually coming from up to
fifteen feet away from the Doppleganger who is using it. Ban-
shees never use the Ballad power, and rarely use Muse ex-
cept to inspire dark, horrific works of art which twist and
tear at the mind, creating despair. They assault wraiths with
Crescendo if they cannot manipulate them by other means.
Their favorite power, by far, is Requiem, which allows them
to infuse their targets with negative emotion. Banshees feed


off the despair they engender. Banshees sometimes accom-
pany Assassins, using their Requiem power to paralyze a
wraith with emotion long enough for her to be overcome by
her attackers.

Doubles: These chameleon-like Spectres excel in the
Moliate Arcanos. Though many among them have only lower
levels of the power, some have attained Moliate 5
(Bodyshape). They use their skill to take the place of other
wraiths, either temporarily or permanently, When Doubles
temporarily take on another wraith's appearance, they move
about in wraith society or among the wraith's circle, causing
trouble. They may break up friendships, flagrantly disobey
laws and customs to draw the attention of the Hierarchy or
even attack other wraiths. Having done so, they seek to es-
cape and change, leaving the unfortunate wraith to face the
consequences of the Spectre's actions. Doubles may perma-
nently assume the place of wraiths who have been slain, us-
ing this form to cause as much havoc as possible. Doubles
feed off the fear, anger and confusion they cause while per
forming heinous deeds, as well as the confusion, frustration
and anger of their wraith double when he discovers that he's
been made a scapegoat.

Feeders: Feeders are parasites, plain and simple. These
nearly transparent Spectres secretly attach themselves to
wraiths (as per the Shade Power Chameleon Parasite). Once
in place, the ravenous Feeder uses its Usury Arcanos to si-
phon off its host's Pathos and Corpus. Using a combination
of Transfer, Early Withdrawal and Exchange Rate, the Feeder
can steal Pathos directly from its host, either retaining it as
Pathos or converting it into Angst. With Early Withdrawal
and Exchange Rate, the Feeder draws off some of its host's
Corpus, then converts it to Pathos. Done sparingly, a Feeder
may remain as a secret parasite on a wraith for a long time,
gradually weakening and perhaps even destroying the host.
Occasionally, Feeders will go berserk, stealing so much Cor-
pus that the wraith is plunged into the Tempest and under-
goes a Harrowing. Feeders leave a host who has lost all of
her Corpus.

Goads: Goads do not attack wraiths, nor do they use
any Arcanos against them. Instead, in their gu
wraiths, Goads befriend wraiths and offer them advice. They
argue against a wraith's dearly held beliefs and values, subtly
eroding the wraith's confidence. They suggest actions de-
signed to strengthen the wraith's Shadow self while pretend-
ing to help their "friend." With their Doppleganger allies,
they secretly set up ambushes or situations that force the
wraith to embrace her darker emotions and call upon her
Shadow for assistance. When the wraith gives in to their
goading, they snatch her and gleefully carry her off to
Oblivion, feasting on her terror and despair.

se as normal

Illusionaries: Illusionaries are masters of Phantasm.
Some Illusionaries are Nephwracks. Their first line of attack
is to use Dreams of Sleep against a target wraith. Once the
wraith is asleep, the Illusionary uses a variation of Lucidity
to send the wraith a dream of the Spectre's choice. This is
usually a dark nightmare which features some horrific crea-
ture who chases, attacks and destroys the wraith. Once the
wraith has received the same dream two or three times, the
Ilusionary uses Phantasmagoria to create an illusion from
the dreams of the monstrous thing. They always invest the
jusion with three to five points of Corpus so that it seems
very real and is harder to destroy. IIlusionaries feed off of the
emotions engendered by the dreams and the illusionary at-
tack. If the wraith is destroyed by the illusion, that's icing on
the cake.

Oddities: Oddities are the most diverse sort of Spec-
tres, and often seem to behave more like Shades than
Dopplegangers. These are the Spectres who inhabit strange
areas within the Tempest and utilize Arcanos in slightly dif-
ferent ways than those known by normal wraiths. Among
the Oddities are the Sargasso Spectres who use Keening to
befuddle their opponents, and the Shard Spectres who uti-
lize Moliate to embed shards of Stygian steel into their bod-
ies to better wound other wraiths. Oddities are some of the
most dangerous Spectres because they use such unexpected
variations of Arcanos powers and because their Intelligence
prompts them to plan more elaborate ambushes and utilize
better tactics when in combat.

Riders: Not all Spectres are concerned with harming
wraiths. Some work against mortals. Riders use their Pup-
petry Arcanos to take over mortals and control them. Usu-
ally, they seek either to cause numerous, violent deaths in a
short amount of time (by forcing their host to be a sniper,
for example) or they organize cults of mortals dedicated to
hatred, fear, torture and death. To this end, they often use
their host as a "messiah" or satanic covenmaster. After
enough indoctrination, the cult either goes on a rampage or
commits mass suicide. Most of the souls garnered go straight
to Oblivion. Occasionally, a Rider strikes it rich and man-
ages to take over a prominent political figure. Repressive
and deadly regimes, resulting in the murder of thousands of
innocents, are sure to follow.

Spies: This is a catch-all category for any Dopplegangers
sent to the Shadowlands or various realms as spies. They
may be of almost any type so long as they can blend in with
the local wraiths and listen for secrets. Spies also note the
defenses of the Necropolis or realm so that later attacks may
be as efficient and damaging as possible. Some Doppleganger
spies rise to positions of power within the Hierarchy, Ren-
egades or Heretics and utilize their positions to learn more
secrets and to condeman or torment wraiths under their con-

Wrackers: Wrackers use their Lifeweb Ar
stroy wraiths' Fetters and to claim mortals' souls for Oblivion.
Working secretly, a Wracker targets a wraith and spends a
good deal of time discovering that wraith's ters and her
relationship to them. The Wracker never approaches the
wraith and breaks off an attempt to determine the wraith's
Fetters whenever the wraith seems suspicious. The Wracker
works over a period of time and does not jeopardize its goal
by being too hasty. Once it has determined a wraith's Fetters
and their locations, the Wracker systematically visits each
Fetter and attempts to destroy it, thereby cutting the wraith's
ties to the world of the living. The anguish and anger gener-
ated by these actions sustains and feeds the Wracker.

Wrackers use the power of Soul Pact to make deals with
mortals for their souls. In exchange for the Spectre's help,
the mortal agrees to give her soul to Oblivion and becomes
a Fetter for the Wracker so long as she is living. Of course,
when shock troops are needed for invasions of Necropoli or
realms, these Spectres may kill their bound mortal, sending
her soul to Oblivion where it can be made into another Spec-
tre,

Nephuracks

Nephwracks are Dopplegangers who have devolved due
to the entropic effects of Oblivion on them. This changes
them, rendering them monstrous and making them unable
to change their appearance to appear as normal wraiths. Per-

haps because they are also monstrous, Malfean prefer
Nephwracks over any of their other servants and they are
given special tasks that only they are allowed to perform.

Malfeans

Malfeans seem to be of two basic types: those who
are great beasts and were never human (called Grotesques)
and those who were once ordinary wraiths (known as Plot-
ters). Both grow to an enormous size and wield mighty
powers

Grotesques

In the bleak nothingness before time, destructive,
hungry, reptilian beasts — grim manifestations of destruc-
tion — rose from the Utter Darkness which lay beneath
the Shadowlands. They began to carve great tunnels, form-
ing them into a chaotic Labyrinth that opened into the
heart of Oblivion. They were called Malfeans because of
their malevolent natures. These elder beasts of darkness
made their homes within the twists and turns of the Great
Labyrinth's many tunnels and chambers, and battened on
whatever they could find to feed their great hungers


Over time, they grew even larger, resulting in an even
greater hunger. The Grotesques attack anything that en-
ters their territory and occasionally go searching for prey
They are sometimes attended by Shades, who seem drawn
to all Malfeans like moths to a candle flame. Lesser
Malfeans also serve them in return for a portion of the
greater Malfean's spoils

Some Grotesques may be highly intelligent, but the
majority of them are slaves to the bestial sides of their
nature, ravening and destroying in the search for their
next meal. The great reptilian horror known as Gorool,
the Malfean who threatened Stygia during the Fifth Great
Maelstrom, was a Grotesque. He destroyed much of
Stygia's fleet and consumed the wraiths sent against him
until Charon drew him away. Both went down in a whirl-
pool summoned by Charon. It is not known if either — or
both — survived.

Grotesques are usually only dangerous to those who
enter and traverse parts of the Labyrinthine tunnels lead-
ing to Oblivion. It is theorized that Grotesques sleep a
great deal of the time, almost as if they were in hiberna-
tion. Occasionally, one awakens and attacks wraiths, ships,
trains or anything else it can find to sate its hunger. Natu-
rally, the more it eats, the more it wants.

Plotters

Many ancient Spectres who have consumed other
wraiths and Spectres have grown to be enormous. Bloated
and powerful, they have become utterly inhuman. These,
too, are known as Malfeans. Some say they are indistin-
guishable from the Grotesques. They also attract Shade
servitors, but prefer the more intelligent Dopplegangers
and Nephwracks. Plotters seem vastly more intelligent
than Grotesques, but perhaps they merely have different
goals — or different ways of attaining the same goal. Plot-
ters hunger too; but for them, mere consumption is not
enough. They desire power over others as well.

When Shades or Dopplegangers are sent out to spy or
cause difficulties in the Shadowlands or Skinlands, it is
usually at the behest of a Plotter. Some rumors say that
Plotters are the force behind Maelstroms. It is said that
they hoard energy and Spectre servitors for years, then
send them out in a terrible holocaust to attack the realms,
Shadowlands and Skinlands. Aside from power, no one
knows what drives Plotters to act like they do. Though
powerful, they are for the most part lethargic, seldom rous-
ing themselves when they can send their servants instead.

All Malfeans are incredibly huge and powerful. They
are so large that entire colonies of Spectres are said to
reside within some of them. Their powers should be such
that mere characters would need an army of allies to even
dream of going directly against a lesser Malfean. The Sto-

ryteller is free to build her own Malfeans. Physical and
Mental Traits should be somewhere in the range of those
for vampiric Methuselahs. They should have access to all
Arcanos (except those that deal exclusively with the
Skinlands), all pertinent Shadow Thorns and Shade Pow-
ers and be able to siphon any of their servitors for the
Pathos or Angst they need to utilize any of the powers.
Their Willpower should be 10 and each should possess
Iron Will. Aside from their armies of Spectres, Malfeans
might have dealings with Nephandi, vampires or others
whom they could call upon for aid. If using a Malfean for
something other than a terrible scare for the characters,
each should be given a unique personality and motiva-
tions.

Malfeans may serve as the great villains behind an
elaborate plot which runs throughout a campaign. Cer
tainly, newly created wraiths would have no chance
against such an opponent. Furthermore, the Malfean
should be no more than a shadowy, background figure
throughout most of the Chronicle, emerging only near
the end as the mastermind behind all the characters' woes,

Other Denizens of the Tempest

When we saw what had become of Charon's mighty city,
we wept. That which should have been the shelter for all souls,
the place of judgment where each soul would be weighed in the
scales and taken to its just reward, now stood as a prison for
those whose only crime lay in wishing to pass onward and be
quit of its corruption. That kingdoms have their critics, this
we know, and also that those critics sometimes overthrow the
king. Yet there were many who meant no harm or threat, who
only sought to live outside the petty rulership of kings. And we
who had been banished ourselves, aided some of these.

— from the Journal of Actemaeon, Ferryman

There are two kinds of wraiths that may be found
within the Tempest, those who travel and those who are
settled. They are distinguished either by lifestyle or be-
liefs. The following categorizations are those of the
Ferrymen.

Gypsies: Like their living namesakes, gypsies travel
the byways through the Tempest, stopping here and there
along the roadside whenever they feel like it. They sell
their talents to local wraiths and other travelers. Gypsies
are masters of Argos, Fatalism and Inhabit. Just like their
real world counterparts, gypsies sell their abilities as for-
tune tellers. They will sometimes use their skills with In-
habit to create relics for others if paid enough, but mostly
they use the power to create relic wagons for themselves.
Somehow, the gypsies have discovered a way of making
their relic wagons into mobile Haunts. They are better
protected from the Maelstroms when in them. They can


move them back and forth between the Shadowlands and
the Tempest and they receive all of the benefits wraiths
do when in their Haunts. Most wraiths leave gypsies alone
because they fear their abilities.

The gypsies utilize a level five Argos coupled with
Lifeweb 3 (Splice Strand) to make their mobile Haunts.
This Argos power is known only to the gypsies, who refuse
to share it. They claim that they have enough competi-
tion on the roads as it is

Hidden Ones: Huddled in hidden byways, pockets,
islands and coves are other denizens of the Tempest; most
are the dispossessed. All along its length, the River of
Death hosts small communities of those who were wel-
come nowhere else. Many are Renegades, who seek only
to escape Stygia's notice, but some are Heretics, a few of
whom were too heretical for their own sects. These wraiths
found no shelter in Stygia, any of the Far Shores or any of
the various Necropoli. Some lack Fetters, so they cannot
venture to the Shadowlands. Cut off from the rest of wraith
society, they have formed small communities of their own.
Most of these communities are quite peaceful. The wraiths
within them try not to attract the attention of any Stygian
patrols, Spectres or wandering Heretic bands. Some thrive
on catering to the needs of passing Renegades, but most
emerge from their communities only to search for the
Pathos they need to keep existing as wraiths. They escape
Stygia's enslavement through a combination of living
quietly, dispersing whenever Stygian patrols come too near
and the secrecy of the Ferrymen.

Lost Souls: These wraiths are very rare, for they are
individuals who have somehow escaped the notice of the
Reapers. They wander throughout the Tempest. Their
sight may be distorted, for some have never had the caul
removed from their faces. Some remove the caul them-
selves. Ferrymen search for Lost Souls. If they find one
who has not had the caul removed, they do so and claim
the person as their charge. Such Lost Souls are taught by
the Ferryman who finds them and they often become new
Ferrymen themselves. Those who have the strength and
intelligence to tear their own caul off are invited to join
the Ferrymen. If they accept, they are taken in by the
Ferrymen and taught. If they refuse, they are given one
free passage anywhere along the River of Death.

Monastics: These settled wraiths form quiet, non-
threatening communities. However, theirs are founded
upon spiritual beliefs, making them somewhat like smaller
versions of the Far Shores. As in monasteries, the wraiths
live together and attend certain ceremonies as a group.
Despite the name, there are as many female Monastics as
male, and not all of the groups are Christian in outlook.
There are groups of Norse and followers of Islam, Wiccans
and Albigentians among the Monastics. They offer no

on ese

threat to Stygia, save that of their differing beliefs. Many
Monastic communities give shelter to escaped slaves and
those being hunted by the Hierarchy, particularly if their
"crime" is heresy.

Pirates: Pirates group together under a charismatic
captain and raid up and down the byways for Artifacts
and relics. They'll take the occasional coin as well. Usu-
ally, Pirates are encountered while in their relic ships or
vehicles, but each group has a secret base where they re-
turn to divide their spoils in safety. Pirates do a brisk trade
with both Renegades and Hierarchy, selling their loot to
the highest bidder. While Pirates take a wraith's posses-
sions, they rarely harm the wraith (if she has the good
sense not to fight). Pirates almost never capture the wraith
to sell her. They prefer to keep their good name rather
than be confused with Slavers. They are particularly up-
set with the Soul-Pirates, for they feel that these scum
should call themselves Soul-Slavers, a more accurate re-
flection of what they do.

Renegade Packs: These small groups usually inhabit
enclaves which serve as outposts or staging areas for larger
Renegade groups. From the enclave, Renegade spies can
infiltrate an area, or Renegade cadres can make sneak at-
tacks and coordinate guerrilla warfare. Many enclaves are
secret training grounds where new members are taught
combat skills and Arcanos and indoctrinated with the
Renegades' beliefs. Some enclaves are home to smaller
Renegade groups that retain autonomy from the larger
groups. They do many of the same sorts of things as the
other groups, but on a smaller scale. Some smaller groups
are loose cannons motivated only by revenge. These be-
come suicide squads bent on assassinating those whom
they feel have wronged them. Unfortunately, wraiths who
stumble upon them may be "accidentally" killed to main-
tain the group's secrecy.

Slavers: Slavers are practically citizens of Stygia. They
search for Lemures, small groups of wraiths or indepen-
dents, whom they overcome or kidnap for sale to Stygia
of occasionally to agents from a Far Shore realm. Slavers
tend to be more mobile, moving through the various by-
ways in search of potential victims. When they have a
base, it is usually just a holding pen where slaves can be
chained and kept until their next slave auction. S
keep whatever personal wealth their victims have. This
practice annoys Pirates; they feel it confuses everyone and
makes it more difficult for them to explain the differences
between themselves and Slavers. Not that the Slavers care.

Soul-Pirates: These wraiths are Slavers too, but they
work exclusively for the Far Shores. Whether it is because
they are paid more or because they truly believe in what-
ever afterlife they are supporting, Soul-Pirates capture
other wraiths and sell them as "converts" to various Far

lavers


Shores realms. Usually, they keep whatever personal items
the captured wraiths have. Most Soul-Pirates find it par-
ticularly funny that the Pirates, who are unabashed
thieves, think so poorly of them

Stygian Patrols: Most of Stygia's soldiers patrol the
nearby area in cruisers, but some (usually those on pun-
ishment detail) are organized into foot patrols. Morale is very
poor among the Patrols. Many become the target of Ren-
egade or Heretic attacks in addition to having to fight off
any Spectres they root out along the way. Small communi-
ties usually remain very quiet when a Stygian Patrol is in
the area, They know that if they keep out of sight, the
soldiers will pass by, march to their border fortress and
march back without disturbing them. Only those wraiths
foolish enough to come face-to-face with a Stygian Patrol
have any worries. Those who have no brands might be
taken back to Stygia to become thralls

Ferrymen: The Ferrymen are enigmas to most wraiths.
Independent, yet respected, banished, yet trusted to keep
the byways open, the Ferrymen sometimes seem to be the
only wraiths who are really in charge of their own des
nies. They are some of the strongest, most powerful

ie

wraiths; they must be to battle Spectres and forge their
way alone through the Tempest. Many question whether
they are actually their own masters. At one time, they
and Charon always listened
to the Lady of Fate. Though Charon is gone and the
Ferrymen were banished by him, many believe that they
are still agents of Fate, following her counsel and perform:
ing their duties for some end that no one else can guess.

‘on's chosen ones,

Though their name takes the masculine form,
Ferrymen are as likely to be female as male. In their cloaks
and cowls, it is difficult at best to determine which sex a
Ferryman is, and many choose not to speak. Ferrymen keep
their own counsel and live together in hidden coves,
which they call Waystations, located in several places
along the River of Death. Travelers are not taken to
Waystations; those remain secret places known only to
Ferrymen. Wraiths lost in the Tempest or under attack by
y Ferryman in the area coming

Spectres can count on é
to their aid.

Because of this and because they keep the byways open,
Ferrymen are respected by almost everyone in the Under-
world. Even Hierarchy legions do not block their way.


Though they have a reputation for honesty and honor,
many fear or hate the Ferrymen, for they can take a soul
onward to its just destination (whether that be Oblivion
or Transcendence), thereby keeping it from becoming one
of the Restless Dead. Those who will pay their price may
travel with them and thus be free of many of the dangers
of the Tempest. The Ferrymen travel where they want,
| taking a circuitous route to their destination, and a jour-

ney with one may well take years or centuries to com-

plete.

The Ferrymen's reed boats seem to be almost magical
| in their ability to withstand punishment. They can stand
up under assaults by Spectres, the winds and tumult of the
Tempest and it is rumored, even the soul-stripping, inexo-
rable Maelstroms. Further, it seems as though the Ferrymen
can use their crafts anywhere, changing road or railroad
into liquid so that their boats may pass. Immediately be-
| hind the craft, the solid nature of the byway is restored
| once again. No one but the Ferrymen know how they do

this (if they even know)

In some cases, either those wraiths traveling with
them have their perceptions changed, or the boats are
more magical than many believe. Many wraiths swear that
they have seen a Ferryman's boat change into another form
such a
or else the boats really are capable of transforming into
whatever size and shape of vehicle is n

a truck or a train. Either the wraith is seeing things

eded.

A few have postulated that the River of Death is the
only real byway through the Tempest and that all byways
are but branches of the great river, no matter how solid
they seem. Others say that the Ferrymen cannot leave the
River of Death, so they carry the river with them wher-
ever they go, spinning it in front of themselves so they
may travel wherever they wish. Whatever magic or lost
Arcanos they use, it is known only to the enigmatic
Ferrymen.

Some wraiths speculate that the Ferrymen have all
Transcended, yet remain in the Underworld to act as
teachers for those who want to learn from them. These
wraiths claim that the River of Death did not exist before
Charon explored it and that the form it now takes is due
to the Ferrymen's influence. It is said that the river
branches and winds so much because the Ferrymen de-
cided that it should do so in order to serve as the physical
representation of the false paths, twists, turns and choices
awraith makes in coming to terms with herself. Each bend
in the river becomes symbolic of a possible turning point

or an obstacle which must be overcome on the way to
Transcendence. If this is so, and if the Ferrymen are in-
deed acting as Mentors, it is not so surprising that their
journeys last so long. They are designed to bring a wraith
to the point where she will accept Transcendence. The

Ferrymen

have not commented on the matter.

HUTA

Chapter

Another more popular rumor is that the Ferrymen are
responsible for stealing Charon's mask. Some say they plan
to choose one from among them to take his place and that
the political maneuverings among them would put the
Deathlords to shame. One who claims to be a friend to the
cowled boatmen says that they took the mask because they
believed no one was fit to wear it. She states that though
they were banished by him, they hold it in trust, awaiting
Charon's return, Yet a third rumor holds that the Ferrymen
took the mask so no one person could ever again control
Stygia. With no strong leader, so they say, the Deathlords
must struggle against one another for control, meaning
there will never again be a case in which all power is vested
in one tyrannical leader.

Maelstroms

Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,

The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned.
"The Second Coming"

The Sea of Shadows

General Knowledge

Maelstroms are the great tidal waves and hurricane
storms — vortices of pure Oblivion — which sweep out of
the Void at the heart of the Tempest and across the realms
and Shadowlands, bringing destruction and madness in their
wake. When a Maelstrom hits, realms may be swept away,
wraiths torn apart as they make for their Haunts and ter-
rible, disastrous storms may roar over the Skinlands, causing
great and unnatural catastrophes. It is said that the sinking
of Atlantis and perhaps even the Great Flood were but ripples
of the Maelstrom. Vast and terrifying, the great storms area
massive, impenetrable, whirling combination of black mists,
winds and waves. Soot and skin seem to crawl within the
greasy winds that bring with them the foulest stench imag-
inable, nauseating those who breathe or touch the winds.
Those who are not sheltered or bound in place by Stygian
chains are washed away by the tides of Oblivion.

Maelstroms are as much invasion as they are storm.
Screaming Spectres ride within the charnel winds, destroy-
ing all they encounter. Only if the invaders are fought and
bested can the storm be calmed. Maelstroms usually portend
a particularly bad storm or natural disaster in the Skinlands.


Wraiths use Maelstroms to mark eras in the Underworld.
The First Great Maelstrom occurred when Rome fell, deci-
mating Stygia, prompting Charon to build the great sea wall
around the city to protect it from future Maelstroms and
ending in the division between Charon and his Ferrymen.
The Second Great Maelstrom foretold the Black Plague and
resulted in the banishing of the Shining Ones and their
temples, The Third Great Maelstrom, in the early 1500's
greatly changed the Underworld, dividing it into the
Shadowlands above and the Tempest and realms below. At
this time, the Shroud came into being, cutting the world of
the spirit off from the living world. The Fourth Great
Maelstrom did little harm to Stygia. It scoured its towers
toa mirror brightness, but many Spectres took up hidden
positions in the Necropoli. The bombings of Hiroshima
and Nagasaki occurred as the Fifth Great Maelstrom vom-
ited from the depths of the Labyrinth and spread destruc-
tion throughout the Underworld. It was at this time that
Gorool the Malfean and Charon fought their great battle
and went down together into a whirlpool in the Sunless
Sea. With Charon's loss, the Deathlords took control of
Stygia and now rule with iron hands. The storms con-
tinue to arise, though none with so great a destructive
force as to be termed a Great Maelstrom — yet.

Ihe Nature of the Storm

I, who survived the Five Great Maelstroms, wonder that
the Deathlords seem unable to grasp the significance of the
great storms even as they move to battle them. Can they not
hear the agonized cries of the thousands who are torn asunder
by the winds? Do they not see the broken, mewling spirits that
tow under a weight so terrible that they cannot bear it any-
more? They fear the destruction; they fear the change which
the storms bring, never seeing the pain of the world which has
wrought the fearsome tide and which seeks surcease within its
dread embrace

— from the Journal of Actemaeon, Ferryman

Like the rest of the Underworld, Maelstroms are both
physical objects and spiritual phenomena. They are both
the howling, tempestuous storm and a personification of
destruction and change. The smaller Maelstroms (known
as Soul-Storms) careen through the Tempest, testing and
changing those they waylay. Larger ones skirl and moan
around the realms, tearing away those not firmly rooted
and sucking them into the Void. The Greater Maelstroms

are few and far between, but each either heralds or is in
response to some terrible catastrophe in the Skinlands. It
is almost as if the Maelstroms, responding to the logic
which declares "if thine eye offend thee, pluck it out,"
respond to that which is utterly intolerable by trying to
sweep the world clean of it. That was their original pur-
pose — either to warn of impending, earth-shattering
events, or to clear away the nauseating and repulsive de-
tritus. Maelstroms were once much less threatening and
massive, spilling over into the Skinlands as omens or re-
markable weather patterns which heralded great change.
They were intended to help break down old patterns, leav
ing a clean slate that could be written on again. At some
point after the Malfeans carved out the Labyrinth, the
Maelstroms changed. No more were they cleansing storms,
but horrid, black holocausts in which Spectres rode, bring-
ing destruction, but no cleansing — indeed, they left be-
hind a horrid residue that coated and tainted all it
touched

No one controls Maelstroms. They arise from the
Labyrinth and twist their way across the Tempest when
and where they will. Spectres, however, take advantage
of them, immersing themselves in the horrid effluvia and
flying with the storm to prey upon those whom it attacks
The only real safety from the Maelstrom is within one's
Haunt; the only way to battle it is to use the Castigate
Arcanos, either using the basic power of Bulwark to cre-
ate a shield against the storm, or by using Castigate 3
(Casting Out), which forbids Spectres from remaining in
the area.

Many Ferrymen claim that Maelstroms are denizens
of the Tempest as much as any creature that lives within
it. They say that Maelstroms are sentient and that their
corruption by the Malfeans has driven them into a mad-
ness so great that they can only lash out at anything in
their path. Others hold that Maelstroms are within the
mind of the wraith, just like the Tempest and the rest of
the Underworld, and that they are "brain-storms." They
occur in response to the wraith's own desire for punish-
ment or retribution — or her subconscious longing for
Oblivion. As always, those with the clearest sight say that
all theories are equally valid. Accepting that Maelstroms
are all in the wraith's head does not automatically keep it
from affecting her physically and emotionally or prevent
the Spectres from attacking her. With a Maelstrom, it's
best not to take chances.



Chapter Three:
By Darkness Overtaken

Don't make a difference what you got

It doesn't matter what you lose

Don't make a difference if you like it or not
Baby, I'm gonna change your attitude

‘Cause all around me there is mystery and wonder

Now can't you see it in my eyes

I'll crack the sky, make you feel the thunder

You'll never si

through my disguise

I'ma real smooth dancer, I'm a fantasy man

Master of illusion, with my sleight of hand

All the stages are empty when I steal the scenes

— Deep Purple, "King of Dreams"

| arrowings

A Harrowing is a nightmare ride
through the Tempest, a passion play or
sychodrama directed by the wraith's
hadow and co-starring a cast of Spec-
tres and starring the wraith. Harrowin}
ture the wraith, empower her Shadow and force her into

are designed to tor-

making mistakes, Harrowings can rip away her Passions, Fet-
ters, ot her very essence...then send her screaming to
Oblivion. To some extent, the Harrowing is like a game, a
challenge to the wraith to choose the right course of action
that will result in her escape from the nightmare. Naturally,
the Shadow either tries to stack the cards so that the wraith
chooses incorrectly or makes all choices seem so foul that

the wraith cannot decide among them and consequently
avoids the problem. In either case, the Shadow "wins" and
takes as its prize some part of the wraith's Passions or Fetters,
weakening them and bringing the wraith closer to the noth-
ingness of Oblivion — or drags the wraith down into the
Void. If the wraith triumphs, she breaks free of the Harrow-
ing and retains her Fetters and Passions. Though she is un-
scathed, she is usually not unchanged. Those undergoing
Harrowings, whether they are
psychically altered by them.

successful or not, are always

The alteration can be anything from a profound fear of
ever undergoing a Harrowing again to an epiphany concern-
ing either a Passion or Fetter. Some wraiths never really
emerge from the Harrowing. They believe that they are still
within the nightmare and their Shadow is just toying with
them before beginning another assault.


|
|

qhe Metaphysics of Hanrowings

Harrowings are a physical representation of the wraith's
unconscious. When a wraith experiences something which
threatens to estrange her even further from the world of the
living (such as losing Fetters, Passions or all of her Corpus or
Willpower), her mind fights back against the loss. At the
same time, another portion of her, her Shadow self, attempts
to help the break occur.

There is both a strong life wish and an equally strong
death wish within each person. Wraiths are no different
They need the ties to the living (Passions and Fetters) to
remain wraiths. Otherwise, they simply slip into Oblivion.
Some souls may Transcend, having made their peace with
themselves and the world before their deaths. These never
become wraiths. Those souls who become wraiths are unable
to Transcend until they have reached that point of accep-
tance in which they have resolved all their Fetters and given
up their Passions in favor of peaceful repose. Until then, they
are the Restless Dead, given meaning through their Passions
and tied to the living through their Fetters. They need their
Corpus as a shell to house their mind and soul and their
Willpower to withstand the pull toward dissolution.

To some extent then, the wraith is not the "good" por-
tion of the character, but the part that represents order, con-
trolled emotion and reason. The Shadow is not necessarily
the "evil" side of the wraith, merely the side which repre-
sents chaos, uncontrolled passions and the demand for im-
mediate gratification. The Shadow pulls the wraith toward
entropy. The only way a wraith can keep the Shadow from
eventually dragging her down into Oblivion is by retaining
ties to the world, being robbed of her free will and made into
a chained Drone, or Transcending,

Being made into a mindless Drone is not usually a
wraith's first choice as a way to escape Oblivion. It is effec-
tive, however, so long as the wraith remains chained. Many
wraiths seek to extend their unlives (however terrible they
may be) by acquiring ever more Passions and Fetters. They
are like the guest who won't leave when the party is over,
trying desperately to recapture the gaiety and good feelings
by playing one more song, demanding one more dance, and
having one more drink — over and over. These wraiths may
exist for a long time, with some eventually becoming Gaunts.
This is probably the single most effective way of holding the
Void at bay, and the safest, unless there really is a blissful
Afterlife or another chance on the karmic wheel awaiting
the wraith. In that case, despite all her attempts to retain
her sense of self, the wraith is really just thrashing in place,
postponing what could have been joyous and uplifting. Of
course, most wraiths and most inhabitants of the World of
Darkness don't really believe in such things.

qhe Wish for Jranscendence

To die, to sleep; —

To sleep, perchance, to dream; — ay, there's the rub;

For in that sleep of death what dreams may come...

Must give us pause...

For who would bear the whips and scorns of time,

The oppressor's wrong...

But that the dread of something after death, —

The undiscovered country, from whose bourn

No traveller returns, — puzzles the will,

And makes us rather bear those ills we have,

Than fly to others that we know not of?

— William Shakespeare, Hamlet

Transcendence calls for great courage, trust and belief
that there is a better place or a better life available if the
wraith can reconcile her Shadow with her self and surrender
both in an acceptance of her own death.

This is where things become really confused. Though
the Shadow seeks to overthrow the wraith's higher con:
ness and assume control in order to send her to Oblivion, it
also serves as a goad which should drive the wraith to come
to terms with her inner demons and throw off the need for
clinging to her former mortality. At one time, this was the
purpose of Harrowings. They were challenges designed to
teach the wraith how to contend with her darker aspects
and win out over them. No one knows who determined this
function. Some say it was a deity; others claim that the Lady
of Fate is responsible. Many believe it is simply the way the
cosmic wheel works out its cosmic balance.

Wraiths should always be conscious of the fact that if
they lose all their Fetters before resolving them, and are con-
sequently forced into a confrontation with their Shadows
before they are ready, the wraiths will invariably lose
Harrowings serve both to force those confrontations and (in
some cases) to give the wraith practice in meeting the chal-
lenges posed by her Shadow. Even the term Harrowing origi-
nally had a different meaning than it now possesses.

A harrow isa heavy plow which is dragged over ploughed
land to break up clods, cover seed and remove weeds. It is a
tool designed to literally strip away obstacles and any un-
needed or unwanted objects so that the fertile ground is
cleaned and ready for a new planting. "The Harrowing of
Hell" was a medieval term for the defeat of the powers of
evil and the release of their victims through Christ's descent
into Hell. The uses of the terms refer to a cleansing process
and a release from an intolerable bondage. This was the origi
nal purpose of Harrowings, to cleanse the wraith, removing
obstacles to her Transcendance and freeing her from the
constraints of her old life.

ious


Obviously, Transcendence takes a while to reach, anda
wraith could hardly spend every waking hour in pursuit of it.
Some were actively afraid of it, being unwilling to accept
the dissolving of their own self-awareness, that particular
personality or consciousness which defines who we are. Oth-
ers feared a terrible Afterlife of eternal agony awaited them.
Because of this, wraiths often refused to face their Shadow,
hiding themselves from themselves and pretending they
could continue on unchanged. Harrowings served as a ca-
tharsis, forcing such wraiths to face themselves, their Shadow
and the possibility of their dissolution or Transcendence
whenever they were in danger of losing their Passions, Fet-
ters, Corpus and Willpower. By making the wraith confront
and deal with her darkest fears and desires, Harrowings
cleansed the wraith, opening her to the new possibilities in-
herent in Transcendence: the purification of the soul and its

passage to a higher realm.

The Nightmare of Oblivion

Harrowings are still confrontations between the differ-
ent sides of the self, but they are no longer necessarily a
cleansing process. Somewhere along the line, possibly when
Spectres began multiplying and assaulting wraiths,
Harrowings changed. They became darker, more sinister and
more deadly. No longer are they lessons in achieving accep-
tance and Transcendence, but pitched battles with the
wraith's soul as the ultimate trophy. Now Harrowings are
things of horror and loss, though the wraith may still receive
some insight into herself if she manages to vanquish her
Shadow, if only for the little while she is in actual danger.

More and more often, wraiths who undergo Harrowings
break under the torture and consign themselves to Oblivion's
service. Sometimes the wraith does so out of simple fear of
complete annihilation, believing it is better to be consumed
by her Shadow yet retain some tiny spark of her personality
asa Doppleganger than to be utterly dead and gone forever.
Such weak-willed wraiths are usually cheated anyway, be-
coming near-mindless Shades. Even the Shadow is cheated,
for like a shadow in the real world, which only exists
tionship to light, and which cannot exist in absolute dark-
ness, the Shadow cannot continue to exist independently
within the newly made Shade; it is subsumed in the cold,
dark malevolence of Oblivion.

Ultimately, whether the light or the dark is triumphant,
its all in the wraith's mind, which, of course, is where all
true horror is played out.

Harrowing Systems and Targets

There are two different kinds of Harrowings. They are
distinguished by the target and possible outcome of the night-
mare ride:

in rela-


Destruction Harrowings

These Harrowings occur only in extreme circumstances
and directly threaten the wraith, She becomes the Quarry
rather than a Passion or a Fetter. Circumstances which bring
about a Destruction Harrowing are as follows:

* The wraith loses all her Willpower (i.e. ison the verge
of falling from one point of Willpower to zero points). Sh
plunged into the Tempest and undergoes a Harrowing. She
herself is the Quarry of the Harrowing, as by losing all her
Willpower she is on the verge of Oblivion. No rolls on Pas-
sions or Fetters are made. Instead, at the end of the Harrow-
ing, the wraith makes a straight opposed roll pitting her per-
manent Willpower versus the Shadow's permanent Angst.
Success releases her back to a Fetter and allows her to retain

her last point of Willpower. Failure means that she is utterly
consumed by Oblivion. This is the system as originally given
in Wraith: the Oblivion. Foran alternative to this, see "Tar-
get Harrowings," below

* The wraith is reduced to zero Corpus. She is con-
fronted with her own imminent demise. The system is the
same as above, with the wraith rolling her permanent Will-

power versus the Shadow's permanent Angst. Succes
her back to a Fetter (if she has any) or to a random part of
the Tempest where she immediately recovers as many Cor
pus levels as she has Stamina, Failure still carries the same

price.

If all or most of the damage was normal (i.e. not aggra-
vated), the above holds true. If a wraith loses all her Corpus
to aggravated dam: there is no Harrowing; the wraith is
dead forever. Aggravated damage is caused by a power of
Moliate, when the wraith is Embodied, or by Stygian or
darksteel weapons.

© The wraith is on the verge of losing her last point in
her last remaining Passion. Her emotions have become so
numbed that she is a step away from feeling nothing and
thus becoming nothing. The system is the same, with Will-
power rolled against Angst. Should she win, the wraith is
transported to one of her Fetters (assuming she still has any)
or to a random area of the Tempest (if she has no Fetters)
and retains that last point of Passion. Failure strips her of
her last emotion, opening her to the cold void of Oblivion
and destroying her


Target Harrowines

The second type of Harrowing is one in which one of a
wraith's Passions or Fetters is targeted by her Shadow in an
attempt to destroy it. This may weaken the wraith's ties to
the world of the living or make her a colder, less emotional
person — and that brings her closer to Oblivion. The target
of a Harrowing is called the Quarry, just as if the Trait were
being hunted. Target Harrowings may be activated by the
following events:

© The wraith loses (or uses up) all her Willpower. As
she is on the verge of losing that final point, which would
bring her to zero Willpower, she immediately falls into the
Tempest, where she undergoes a Harrowing which targets
either a Passion or a Fetter (Shadow's choice). Usually this
isa low-level Trait or one she has neglected recently. Note
that this is different from the system given in Wraith: The
Oblivion. It is a variation which the Storyteller may choose
touse in order to make the Willpower Harrowing less deadly.
If the wraith succeeds, she is snapped back to one of her
Fetters, does not lose any points off her targeted Passion or
Fetter, and keeps her one point of Willpower. Failure means
the wraith must roll the rating of the Quarry Trait (difficulty 8).
She loses a number of points from the rating equal to her
number of failures or botches. If this brings the Trait to zero
of less, the Passion or Fetter is gone. She then escapes the
Harrowing, snapping back to a Fetter (assuming she still has
any) and retaining her last point of Willpower. A botch re-
sults in the wraith's losing the targeted Trait outright. Addi-
tionally, she must now roll her permanent Willpower versus
the Shadow's Angst. If the Shadow wins, the wraith is dead
forever (or maybe not, see "Variations on a Theme," below).

© The wraith is on the verge of losing her last point in
an individual Passion. So long as she has one point in the
Passion, she is fine, but when that last point is threatened,
she undergoes a Harrowing. This can occur either because
the wraith has neglected the Passion or through a Spectre's
numbing ability (see "Losing a Passion," page 196 of Wraith:
The Oblivion for more details regarding this process)
Wraiths can also lose Passions due to failing a Harrowing,
but only a truly cruel Storyteller would invoke a second
Harrowing as a result of failing the first one — particularly
over the same Passion, which may now be gone anyway. The
Harrowing should focus on a theme which involves the Pas-
sion, and that Passion should always be the Quarry of the
Harrowing. Successes, failures and botches carry pretty much
the same penalties as a Willpower Harrowing, with success
allowing the wraith to return to a Fetter without losing her
targeted Passion, failure usually resulting in some loss to the
Passion and the wraith's return to a Fetter, and a botch end-
ing in loss of the Passion and a roll on her permanent Will-
power versus the Shadow's permanent Angst. Failure of that
roll ends in death.

© The wraith is on the verge of losing her last point in a
Fetter. This Harrowing proceeds just as the one for the Pas-
sion does, but the Fetter is the Quarry and becomes part of
the scenery or a player in the p: Successes, fail-
ures and botches are handled in the same way as for Pas-
sions, except that if the wraith loses her last Fetter in this
way (through a failure), she cannot be snapped back to it,
but instead is dumped into a random part of the Tempest.
She is also unable to travel to the Shadowlands anymore.
Botches result in loss of the Fetter and require a roll on Will-
power versus Angst to avoid death.

Variations on a Theme

Some troupes will feel that the above rule:
iting. It is important to remember that it is not just a series
of random rolls, but is rather a roll made after the character
undergoes the Harrowing itself and has a chance to react to
it. All Harrowings have some sort of dilemma or test for the
wraith at their heart. Good roleplaying and intelligent
choices while within the Harrowing mean that the wraith
has probably solved the dilemma presented to her or passed
the test and has automatically succeeded. She snaps back to
a Fetter and loses nothing.

hodrama

are too lim-

The character does not need to roll anything unless she
fails to solve the dilemma. Even then, good roleplaying can
significantly reduce the difficulty number which the wraith
must roll to escape the Harrowing. Though difficulty num-
bers begin at 8, the Storyteller may award a one or two point
bonus for good roleplaying, reducing the difficulty to 7 or
even 6. It is these rolls which are used to determine the suc-
cesses, failures or botches described above.

Furthermore, if she has Eidolon, the wraith may roll on
her Eidolon (difficulty 9) to change aspects of the night-
mare to help her defend herself or escape from the Harrow-
ing, Each success allows her to change one aspect to make it
more favorable to herself, thus increasing her chances of suc-
cessfully solving the dilemma (though the change must make
sense in the context of the nightmare). If the wraith still has
any points of Willpower, she may use them as she would for
any other roll to gain one automatic success. It should be
noted that when a wraith is being Harrowed because she is
on the verge of losing her last point of Willpower, she may
not use that last point to gain a success. That would mean
she voluntarily gave it up, resulting in her dissolution.

A\ll of these mean that it isn't terribly easy to fail or
botch most of the time. Of course, some players will take
advantage of that, believing that their one automatic suc-
cess from Willpower will save them. Those players will not
really respond in character to the Harrowing as they should.
The Storyteller should feel free to "surprise" those players by
requiring two or even three successes against a difficulty of 9

59

or 10 in order to succeed. Willpower can only provide one
success, and the player may have a little more respect for the
dangers of the Harrowing next time around (assuming the
character survives this Harrowing). The Storyteller must be
absolutely honest when assigning this penalty. Itshould never
be imposed just because the player is clever enough to out-
wit the planned scenario or to find a way around it. Players
can become very attached to their characters and will resent
it if the Storyteller seems to be acting in an arbitrary man-
ner or punishing them for being more clever than he is.

Still, some troupes will be unhappy with the system, feel-
ing that it should be more severe or less deadly. Those troupes
that like to feel as though they play right on the edge, or
that in the World of Darkness (particularly the Underworld
of Darkness), life (and death) sucks, may prefer to indulge in
the Fool's Gambit rules variation, in which target numbers
or numbers of successes needed to overcome obstacles may
be raised to reflect the severity of the challenge. This is not
recommended as a usual mode of play as it becomes far too
deadly too quickly and tends to overemphasize dice rolling
rather than good roleplaying.

Other troupes are very protective of their characters and
derive most of their enjoyment from watching the characters
develop and grow (or tragically diminish, as the case may be)
They will probably feel that the penalties for botching the roll
are too severe during Targeted Harrowings. After all, it seems a
little pointless to lose the Passion or Fetter outright if you're just
going to die anyway, While they should stick to the regular sys-
tem for Destruction Harrowings (with the understanding that
the game loses its bite entirely if there is no chance of character
demise), they will probably be happier using the Extended Har-
rowing nules variation for Targeted harrowings. The Storyteller
should decide whether to use the Targeted or Destruction rules
when loss of all Willpower is involved. This might be decided
because of the circumstances involved in the loss. More trau-
matic circumstances would weigh the Harrowing more toward
Destruction, while a gradual loss over time would probably call
for the Targeted variation. Still, there is the possibility of a bad
roll or two causing the character to be destroyed. Those troupes
who prefer to have another chance may use the Extended har-
rowing variation.

Extended Hamowing ala ‘Deja Vu allover again!)

In this rules variation, when a wraith botches her roll
during a Targeted Harrowing, she loses the Quarry of the
Harrowing bur is not consumed by Oblivion. Instead, the
trauma of the loss throws her into a second Harrowing which
targets another Passion of Fetter. In effect, this gives the wraith
asecond chance to reprieve herself. The Harrowing proceeds
just as if it were the primary one, with the same results for
success and failure as a normal Harrowing would cause. If the
wraith must roll again and if she botches again, the Story-

teller could then (with a clear conscience) declare that the
wraith has been destroyed or might allow yet a third Harrow.
ing. Technically, this could continue until the wraith has no
more Fetters and Passions to be targeted, but realistically, af
ter the third Harrowing, the wraith might not be able to psy-
chically stand any more. Granted, the wraith should be able
to overcome a botch by spending a Willpower point (and
thus gaining a success), there will be times when she cannot
spend Willpower (such as when she only has one point left
and doesn't want to spend it lest she set herself up for a De-
struction Harrowing). Any wraith that must undergo three
successive Harrowings gains a Psychosis Flaw (assuming she
makes it out intact). In addition to any other psychosis the
wraith may acquire, she will never be entirely certain that
she has escaped the Harrowing. She may believe that subse-
quent events are merely her Shadow trying to trick her into
complacence. Whenever she is placed under stress again, she
assumes itis the Harrowing resuming (and she might be right).

In any case, if the player botches three chances, either
the Storyteller is making the dilemmas and tests too diffi-
cult, or the player is simply not responding to the Harrowings
and is consequently having to make rolls to determine
whether she succeeds. The Storyteller might want to stop
the game, take the player aside and discuss what the prob-
lem is. If the player just isn't feeling anything, the character
should probably be allowed to go to its destruction, and the
playerand Storyteller should decide whether the player wants
to continue in the game with a new character.

On the other hand, there are some players who are sim-
ply not puzzle-solvers or tactical thinkers. When placed ina
situation where they must make the "right" decisions, they
just can't figure out what to do; they freeze up. Often the
Storyteller simply needs to give them a few minutes to come
up with something rather than pressuring them to respond
immediately ot fail. Occasionally, players confronted with
tests or dilemmas don't understand their options. They may
be new to the game and unsure of what they can try, or they
may simply need to have their options spelled out for them,
Not everyone has the same sort of intelligence, and it seems
unfair to penalize players who enjoy roleplaying just because
they aren't good at thinking on their feet.

Group Harrowings

There are rare occasions when an entire group of wraiths
undergoes Harrowing together. This may come about through
all of them losing a Fetter held in common or from losing all
their Corpus at the same time, either from some sort of firefight
or through being hurt while in the open sea when all are linked
toone wraith using Argos to lead them through. Whatever the
cause, they all undergo a Harrowing together rather than as
individuals. In general, the mechanics are the same and all are
tested in some fashion (the tests may be individual or group in


nature). At the conclusion of the Harrowing, either they all
succeed and retain their Fetter or all must roll to determine the
outcome. It is possible for individuals within the group to not
pass their test though the rest of the group succeeds. At this
point, the group must decide whether they're really all in this
together or whether they want to handle things individually.

If they're all together, the failure of even one while in
the Harrowing means the whole group is placed in jeopardy.
The good newss is that the person with the highest rating of
the particular Fetter being targeted gets to make the roll for
the whole group. Should he fail, everyone loses the Fetter.
Should he botch, the roll defaults to the person with the
highest Willpower rating in the group. If that roll succeeds,
the Fetter is lost, but the wraiths all escape dissolution. Fail-
ure results in the destruction of the entire group.

The other way to handle this is take the select indi-
viduals from within the group who fail their test and make
only those people make the rolls. Whatever happens affects
only those particular wraiths. If they lose the Fetter, itis lost
only to them; the others in the group retain it as a Fetter.
Should any of them botch and fail their Willpower rolls,
only those are lost. Note that Extended Harrowings can ap-
ply in group situations as well.

Working Without a System

Systems for determining success and failure should never
get in the way of good roleplaying. They are, after all, arbi-
trary delineations whose only purpose is to resolve a conflict
("Hey, no fair! I shot you!" "Uh-uh, you missed." "Did not!"
"Did too!") or to provide a way for the Storyteller to deter-
mine what happens when the outcome is in question. The
latter use is mostly to keep players from feeling that the Sto-
ryteller is just forcing the plot to go the way he planned or
that he might be playing favorites. If a troupe trusts one an-
other and their Storyteller enough, however, playing with-
out rolling any dice at all can be quite a heady experience
Many Storytellers often "cheat" the dice anyway, letting play-
ers succeed when their roll sounds "good enough." No Sto-
ryteller can memorize every chart, detail, relative difficulty
level for similar tasks and description of what the number of
successes mean anyway, nor would the players be happy with
a Storyteller who demanded rolls to walk across the room,
then spent an hour looking up the precise rolls needed to do
so successfully. It's only a short hop to the next step of not
using dice and letting description and roleplaying determine
the results of the scene.


also be willing to grant the Storyteller
er

the same courtesy and trust his rulings If, for instance, the play
claims that her character jumps over a lava-filled fissure and
foe on the farside, scratching and punching him, the
Storyteller should compare the character's stated actions with
those his non-player character plans to take. If the foe had
planned to dodge the character, roll to the side and fire a gun at
heras she leapt across the chasm, the Storyteller might describe
an action in which each participant is partially successful. Know-
ing that the character is quite agile, he decides it is very likely
she can successfully leap the chasm. The foe's special character-
istic under his Dexterity is "quick," however,
foe rolls away from the spot where the character would have
landed. The character declared two actions, just as the foe did.
Because she moved first (having a higher Wits + Alermess),
she has landed and is on her way to attack her foe by the time
his shot goes off, so he misses her.

so he decides the

This still rakes into account the character's Attributes
and Abilities, but doesn't call for dice rolls to resolve the
action. So long as the Storyteller and the players are com-
fortable with the rulings and willing to occasionally sacri-
fice personal achievement of goals to the needs of the story,
it works quite well.

The roleplaying aspect comes into play from the descrip-
tions that the player gives of her character's actions and any
dialogue she indulges in. Really creative plans, great descrip-
tions, witty repartee, dramatic
arguments should all affect the action. The Storyteller takes
them into account when tallying up opposed goals or ac-
tions, sometimes reducing the effectiveness of the character's
foes asa result. Of course, the reverse should be true. Though
the players are not overseeing the running of the game, they
should allow their characters to respond honestly (i.e, not
always to their advantage) to good roleplaying by the Story-
teller

This particular style of play is well-suited to troupes
whose members include non-puzzle-solvers, giving them ex-
tra chances to turn the situation to their advantage through
tended roleplaying, It is also helpful for those players whose
dice seem cursed. It seems as though some players can never
make critical rolls; this gives them a fighting chance rather
than leaving them at the mercy of their dice.

onversation and convincing

e

There is one final reason to consider working without a
system: it lends itself beautifully to establishing both mood
and theme. It comes close to live action roleplaying, but is
not exactly the same. When players and the Storyteller aren't
looking at character sheets and rattling dice, they are more
likely to look at and talk to each other and respond to the
mood that the Storyteller is trying to create. This allows the
Storyteller to concentrate on the theme and roleplaying
rather than charts and rules. Such intense roleplaying height-
ens the enjoyment for everyone involved.

| arrowings should be the most frightening
| and emotionally wrenching parts of a
| Wraith story. They feature the wraith at
By her most vulnerable and have the poss-

| bility of ripping away parts of the
! character's memories and feelings. In
some cases, the Harrowing may result in the complete de-
struction of the character. While it is important to know
how to conduct a frightening Harrowing, that is not the first
step a Storyteller must take to make the scene truly hortific.
In order to make the Harrowing the kind of experience it
should be, the Storyteller must be very familiar with the
character undergoing the Harrowing and with the character'
player. The truth of the matter is, the Harrowing is only as
frightening as the player perceives it to be, not the charac-
tet. For the player to be affected, the Harrowing must actu-
ally begin with character construction, take form during the
character's prelude and build on everything that happens in
the game. It all comes down to emotions. Constructing and
telling a good Harrowing is actually a three-step process: the
inception, the development and the actual confrontation.

The inception

Meaning is not something you stumble across like the an-
wer to a riddle or the prize in a treasure hunt. Meaning is some-
thing you build into your life — out of your past, out of your
affections and loyalties, out of your own talent and understand-
ing, out of the values for which you are willing to sacrifice some-
thing
— John W. Gardner, a speech

Roleplaying the Prelude

Most good roleplayers become very attached to their
characters. They begin with an idea for a character they want
to play, then customize the idea and set up the background
during construction. The player begins to get a real feel for
the character's personality from the prelude, and full-blown
characters emerge during interactions with the Storyteller
and other players' characters. These first few opportunities
for roleplaying are critical in the development of the char
acter, providing the player with the chance to get inside the
character's head and react to things as the character would.

Bright light engulfs you as you hear several people yell,

"Surprise!" An enormous cake rests in the center of the din-
ing room table, candles ablaze and dripping wax. Your smil-
ing and expectant friends are gathered around the table that


is piled high with brightly covered packages. Discordantly,
they begin to sing "Happy Birthday to you..." There hardly
seems to be space for you in the tiny room. Someone is wear-
ing too much perfume! Overhead, a few deflating balloons
bob and weave. This is far preferable to saying: You open the
door and a bunch of your friends are waiting. It's a surprise
birthday party for you.

On the other hand, there are times (usually when the
characters are about to experience an ambush or other
trouble) when a very quick sketch of the situation is needed
to simulate the short length of time the characters have to
react. The description should focus almost entirely on the
threat, as the characters have almost no time to notice the
tof the scene. This description may sound something like
this:

Opening the creaking door, you hear a deafening roar as
something orange, black and furred leaps for your throat, its deadly
ws outstretched.

Naturally, the above description is preferred over: You
open the doot. A huge tiger leaps for you, roaring loudly.

The main rule for running a Harrowing is to make it
both vivid and emotional. The character should know that
she is in danger of losing her very essence, and the player
should feel that the threat to her character is quite real.

Choices

There is one final piece to the Harrowing which must
be an integral part of its design and execution, and that is
the characters h Harrowing is a challenge that
the wraith may win or lose. Each is also a confrontation, a
struggle in which the wraith faces her own dark reflection
and battles herself. It has been said that we are our own worst
enemies. Nothing could be more true in the war between
the Shadow and the self.

A wraith's choices during the Harrowing are the key to
her success or failure. The Storyteller must make the choices
within the nightmare ride as vivid as possible so that the
player, as well as the character, feels the consequences of her
decisions. Each portion of the Harrowing should be con-
structed with turning points, lesser choices that the charac-
ter must make as she moves toward the conclusion. Each
turning point should present an opportunity for the wraith
to better her overall position within the Harrowing — by
harming or allowing harm to come to someone else or at the
expense of her principles. In some cases, such as when a Pas-
sion or Fetter is the quarry of the Harrowing, selfish choices
should actually provide the wraith with an almost guaran-
teed success at avoiding a botch on her roll. The catch is,
had she not taken the easy way out, she might have suc-
ceeded on her own and not have had to roll at all — and she
still might fail the roll, especially if it becomes more difficult
because she has allowed herself to be corrupted.

' choices. Es

There is a great temptation for the Storyteller to grab
the glory during Harrowings, turning them into a tour de
force of roleplaying for himself at the expense of the players.
While the scene and actors must be vivid and compelling,
the main focus of the Harrowing must remain on the charac-
ter and her choices. When constructing Harrowings, the
Storyteller should look for natural places in the action to
insert turning points where the wraith's choices will have a
significant effect on the way things evolve. There should be
plenty of rope left lying about for the wraith to hang herself,
but there should also be opportunities for the wraith to lasso
the bad guys with the rope instead.

While it is perfectly fine to construct elaborate games
within games that the wraith must maneuver through and
figure out in order to succeed, not all decisions should have
to rely on being a good puzzle-solver or tactical genius
Though it might be interesting to require the wraith to open
a combination lock that causes aggravated damage to her
best friend every time she fails ro get the combination right,
there should be other ways to defeat the scenario than get-
ting the combination right. Using her teeth to bite through
the wiring so that shocks can't be delivered might be a solu-
tion some people would think of, but many would never think
of clever ways around the trap. Storytellers must be willing
to give the players some leeway; for example, allowing the
character to succeed when the player can't think of any other
way out and simply declares she's not going to work on the
lock at all and she'll just stay with her friend. Though this
doesn't "solve" the dilemma, it does indicate the wraith's
unwillingness to hurt someone else just to escape her night-
mare. This sort of decision is very different, of course, from
one in which the player simply gets frustrated and pouts,
refusing to try anything because it isn't easy enough. That's
just laziness. If the player is genuinely trying to deal with the
scenario, she ought to have a chance to beat it, regardless of
her tactical acumen or abilities with riddles and other puzzles.

Once more, it is vital that the Storyteller understands
the player as well as the character. Ifthe player makes choices
based on what he, as a player, knows (i.e. it isn't really real),
the Storyteller should feel perfectly justified in changing the
rules on him. Make each out-of-character decision cause
damage to the wraith. Strip her of a point of Pathos if she's
calculating how to sidestep the choice rather than make a
real decision. The player should be told that she must make
her choices in character, as the character would make them,
rather than according to what makes the most tactical sense
or gives her the greatest advantage. Though there is some
element of "winning" over the Shadow, it is far more impor-
tant that she confront the Shadow and gain a better under-
standing of it. She can't do that if she's hiding behind pre-
conceived notions of what she is "supposed" to do. This
doesn't mean that if the player can think of something clever
she should be punished for it. It just means that the Story-


teller should beware of his players' occasional lapse into self-
protective mechanisms that they think they need, but which
serve to tur roleplaying into numbers-crunching or tactical
exercises.

There should also be no guarantee that what looks like
the right thing to do is, in fact, correct. Shadows and Spec-
tres are practiced liars and the Labyrinth is responsive to
their ministrations, producing whatever illusions they call
for. Some Harrowings may be as tangled and twisted as the
Labyrinth itself, with plots within plots serving to lead the
wraith astray and confuse her as to her choices. No one said
Harrowings were easy.

Peoplng the Harrowing

Mazes and traps may be somewhat interesting for awhile,
but the wraith needs to interact with other beings if the
Harrowing is to be a real confrontation. Aside from the
Shadow and wraith, the other players in the drama are usu-
ally Spectres, Dopplegangers who take the roles of the wraith's
friends, loved ones, foes and personal enemies, as well as
various others such as authority figures and crowds. Actors
are usually the type of Spectre to be found in Harrowings,
and they excel at drawing out a wraith's most deeply hidden
secrets and fears. They may appear in helpful or harmful roles,
acting to obstruct the wraith or facilitate her passage through
the Harrowing, but ultimately, they are there to confuse,
delay, surprise and torture the wraith.

There's just one problem with all of this. Good
roleplayers may act as if their characters truly believe that
their choices within the Harrowing may adversely affect
them, their loved ones or friends, but the players are wise to
what's really going on. They know those are just Spectres
messing with their character's heads, and this is bound to
affect their play. So once again, change the rules. When the
scenario calls for the wraith to have to rescue a victim, the
following variations can be used to increase the tension level.

Variation One: Spectres are tough. There's no reason
why one of them couldn't go to the Skinlands, skinride one
of the wraith's loved ones, force her into a fatal accident or
committing suicide, then claim the newborn wraith and hold
her in reserve for the wraith's next Harrowing. How will the
wraith react when she realizes it really is her lover whom the
Spectres are about to set on fire? What if they drop Dad into
the Void if the wraith messes up? Suddenly the stakes are a
lot higher.

Variation Two: Nothing prevents Spectres from cap-
turing members of the wraith's Circle and using them in a
similar fashion. These can be either well-liked, Storyteller-
controlled characters or player characters. If they were fairly
captured, and had some chance to win against those who
captured them, the player has no real room to complain.
After all, the character could be dead. With a friend trying

The Sea of Shadows

tosave him, he might escape the situation. Things become a
little more tense when one player is working to save another
and the second player makes it plain that it really is her
character's life on the line.

Variation Three: It is also effective to go through a cap-
ture scenario with the player who is to play the victim, then
let the captured character's player react to the other wraith's
Harrowing in character. Announce to the first player, espe-
cially if the second one botched things, that his character
was not really captured at all and that he was actually acting
(in this particular circumstance) as a first mate to the Story-
teller, helping her run a Spectre as realistically as possible
This isn't recommended as a recurring technique, but it can
be used at least once to scare both of the players.

These switches shouldn't happen all the time, but they
should happen often enough to make it impossible for the
player to ignore the idea that the victim they have to save
might be a Spectre in disguise.

Changing Places

One way to vary Harrowings is to put the wraith in
charge. Make her responsible for Harrowing someone else,
preferably someone she knows. She should be told that the
only way she will be released (or her father will be taken off
the roasting spit or whatever) is to come up with a night-
mare ride for someone else to undergo, to plan it and help in
its execution. She might also be shown that unless she com-
plies, the Harrowing the Spectres will indulge in will kill
the victim outright and drag him down into Oblivion. Will
she corrupt herself in order to save her father and the other
wraith from terrible fates? Will she figure out some way (other
than absolute refusal) to do it without corrupting herself? If
she refuses, is that actually the wrong response, since she is
in effect saying her purity comes before others' suffering?
There are dozens of ways this can be played out, but each
will depend on what the player's ideals are.

A variation on this one is to place the wraith (or group
of wraiths) in charge of creating a Harrowing for someone
they absolutely despise. The more the characters hate the
victim, the better. Will they torture their foe while deluding
themselves that they do it out of some sense of justice? Will
they seriously try to design a Harrowing that will focus on
their foe's wrongdoing (assuming the characters are the good
guys) and teach him how to overcome his evil tendencies?
Or will they refuse, believing that it would make them no
better than they think the victim is? What if the object of
their nightmare ride isa slime who really deserves Oblivion?
Do they have a duty to rid the (Under)world of him? And
what happens to them as a result of all this? Presumably, this
is a Harrowing for them, and they are certainly presented
with dilemmas...


Redemption Harrowines

This is not really something which happens to the char-
actets, though they may be involved in it. It is actually a sort
of reverse Harrowing for a Spectre in an attempt to redeem
him, It requires a situation in which the characters and Spec-
tre (it must be a Doppleganger, as Shades are nearly mind-
less and Nephwracks are too far gone) can talk to and inter-
act with one another without there being a battle, It is fairly
tricky to arrange it, but can be worth the trouble if the <
acters can actually save the Spectre from its Angst and
Oblivion taint. In general, the players will have to convince
the Spectre to try to fight against the Shadow which con-
sumed him long ago. Then they will have to help him do so
and protect him from others of his kind who will try to slay
him for his betrayal. If they can succeed in evoking a posi-
tive Passion in the Spectre, he will be on the road to re-
demption. Remember, though, that the process will be as

are

painful and full of mental tortures to the Spectre as a normal
Harrowing is to a wraith, The Spectre may strike out at the
characters, wounding them or draining them of Pathos. They
will have to be very patient.

Obviously, this is not going to be an everyday occurrence.
Spectres usually don't want to be redeemed, It does provide
an opportunity for a well-loved player character or Story-
teller-controlled character who has been lost to Oblivion to
return to the game. It should not be easy. There should be
difficulties all along the way that the characters have to help
the Spectre overcome, and the process of redemption may
take years or decades — or even centuries. Meanwhile, how
will their friends react when they learn the characters are
consorting with Spectres? Where will they hide him and
themselves from the Legionnaires who just won't understand?
When higher-ups send a Pardoner after the group to be Cas-
tigated and demand that they undergo it or be hunted down
and made into thralls, will the characters give up?



Chapter Four:
~ Advitt on the Sea 0
Shadows

It was late at night on the open road,

| Speeding lke a man on the run,
A lifetime spent preparing for the journey;

He is closer now and the search is on,

Reading from a map in the mind,

Yes, there's the ragged hill,

And there's the boat on the river.

ntroduction

"Adrift on the Sea of Shadows" is a

tory designed to introduce the charac-
the dangers and wonders of the
It can be used for any group of
re part of the Hierarchy, Ren-
ths in-

characters; whether they a
egades, Heretics or are independent. Ideally, the w
volved are a circle with a common Haunt, but so long as
they are all in the same place at the start of the story, they
could be complete strangers. They may even be from diff
ent factions, with some holding loyalty to Stygia and some
opposing it. Whatever their loyalties are, all will be in equal
dang

ris De Burgh, "Don't Pay the Ferryman"

The story works best if the wraiths have access to some
sort of relic vehicle such as a car or truck, but it is not abso-
lutely necessary. If they must swim or walk through the Tem-
pest, however, they will be in more danger of being caught
by those pursuing them. The story is written as if they do
have a relic vehicle. If they don't, simply modify any de-
scriptions to reflect that and note that it takes them twice as
long (standard time) to get anywhere. It does require that a
minimum of one character has at least one dot in the Argos
Arcanos or that the Storyteller run a Storyteller-controlled
character that has Argos

In each scene, several options have been covered in an
attempt to anticipate what the characters might do. Keep in
mind that players are sure to come up with a few surprises.
Feel free to depart from the storyline as much as necessary to
keep from herding the characters along a predetermined path.
If they stray, they can always be brought back later.

Chapter Four: Adrift on the Sea of Shadows


Theme

There are two themes in "Adrift on the Sea of Shad-
ows". The first one is confrontation. The characters must
flee from those who would unjustly capture them and bring
them to Stygia for punishment for a crime they did not com-
mit. They must confront the dangers of the Tempest, their
own Shadows and the idea of their own dissolution. At some
point during the story, they must also come to terms with
what they really believe and make decisions as to what fac-
tion they will support (if any).

The second theme is loyalty. The group will not be able
to make it through the story without cooperating with one
another. Overcoming the obstacles in the Tempest and fac-
ing their Shadows will only be possible through teamwork
and loyalty to one another. Furthermore, the group will meet

acl

several wraiths during the story and will have the chance to
form bonds with them or sell them out. What will they choose
to do and how will this strengthen or weaken their Shad-

ows?

Mood

The Tempest can be a terrifying place, particularly to
those who can't get out of it when they need to — especially
if a Maelstrom is on the way — and most definitely when
you're being chased by those with no mercy in their hearts
The mood should include equal parts of confusion, fear, frus-
tration and a sense of actions and decisions that must be
made in a hurry while under pressure. Uncertainty is the key
word. The characters should never be absolutely sure that
they are doing the right things, going in the right direction
or accomplishing their goals, They should not be certain that
they have even survived the Harrowing which they will in-
evitably go through. They should remain uncertain that the
Harrowing is actually over, or whether it ever will be.

In the opening scenes, the characters should have no
time to really think through what they're doing; they need
to just react, At several points throughout the story, they
will be forced to move quickly as their pursuers catch up to
them; other times, the action will seem to drag, slowing them
down and preventing them from getting anywhere at all,
causing them some serious frustration. Besides being a con-
stant threat to them physically, the Tempest poses a threat
to the wraiths' sanity, memories and Pass
any new encounter in the Sea of Shadows has the potential

ions. Essentially,

to destroy the wraith — or redeem her — and this should
never be forgotten.

Plot Synopsis

In brief, the characters will be fleeing into the Tempest
40 avoid being captured by che Leégionnaites who are'afcer
them for a robbery they didn't commit and know nothing
about: They may choose to try to avoid capture indefinitely
or they may try to recover the item and return it. The story
begins with all characters gathered in one place. It is a mis-
crable day; the wind is driving sheets of rain against the
dows and moaning horribly. Someone who is known to at
least one of the characters gives the wraith a black crystal,
then suddenly leaves. Legionnaires with barghests appear on
the scene, obviously looking for the wraith with the crystal.
File chicacters (ise into dha Teas to avoid canpuc and
land in a strange Shifting Zone that removes their memories
of their Fetters and locations of their Haunts. Essentially,
they're stuck in the Tempest until they can regain their
nwhile, the Legionnaires jump in after them,
still tn close pursuic

memories. M

The characters will have to make their way through sev-
eral areas within the Tempest while trying to escape. They
thought the weather in the Shadowlands was bad — the rain,
crashing waves, howling wind and charnel smells of the Tem-
pest make it seem bland in comparison. They discover that
it is impossible to throw the crystal away. It has bonded to
them. Attempts to be rid of it result in its return to one or
another of the characters. In fact, the crystal can only be
climinated by freely offering it to someone who takes it of
their own free will. It is up to the Storyteller to make certain
no one whom the characters meet will take it or be coerced
to do so, More groups of Legionnaires begin closing in on
the characters, apparently drawn by the crystal. In addition,
the crystal seems to pulsate and grow warm when they head
ina certain direction. They may try to travel in the direc-
tion that the crystal points out to them.

Eventually, they run into a contact; a wraith who knows
one or more of them. The contact tells them their descrip-
tions are being circulated all over Stygia and nearby
Necropoli. She tells them (if she is asked what they are be-
ing chased for) that everyone knows they stole some trifling
item from the Smiling Lord, overseer of the victims of vio-
lence. She can suggest that they head for the Inferno, a club
that is far out in the Tempest. Itis considered neutral ground.
All factions help defend it and, while there, no wraiths bother
other wraiths over faction fighting or grudges.

On their way to the Inferno, they are attacked by a group
of Spectres who are apparently intent on obtaining the crys-
tal for themselves. The Spectres cause enough damage to
send the characters into a Harrowing in which they must
fight to retain possession of the crystal (as if it were a Fet-
ter). At this point, they should know enough to realize that
the Smiling Lord really wants the crystal back. It should be


made obvious to them that losing the crystal to a Harrowing
is tantamount toa sentence of thralldom (at best) and utter
unmaking (at worst). If they survive the Harrowing, th
are transported back to the spot from which they were taken
and they retain the Artifact

At the Inferno, they can find Soup, the wraith who first
gave them the crystal. He tells them that the crystal is a
homing beacon that was attached to the Deathlord's mask
and Soup stole it for someone else. It attached itself to him
when he took the mask, but he managed to give it away to
the characters, thinking they could just explain things to
the Legionnaires while he escaped into the Tempest. Soup
tells them that the person who has the mask is the leader of
a group of Heretics who have a Far Shores realm they call
the Summercountry. If the characters want to clear their
names and stop being chased by the Legionnaires, they need
to go there and get the mask back.

A Hierarchy wraith who overhears theit conversation
tells them the significance of the missing mask: It helps the
Smiling Lord keep his troops and thralls tied to his beliefs,
thus providing part of the defense of Stygia from Maelstroms
and Spectre attacks, He makes it clear that without the mask,
one-seventh of Stygia's defenses are missing, a potentially
deadly chink in their armor which might allow a Maelstrom
into the heart of the realm and utterly destroy it. If the char-

actets think this would be a wonderful idea, the wraith fu
ther explains that if Stygia falls, it is most probable that the
rest of the realms and Necropolis will fall as well and Oblivion
will consume everythin

1g. The weather becomes even worse
while they are at the Inferno. Legionnaires begin closing in,
despite the fact that it is neutral territory, and the characters
are asked to leave.

Once again, they flee into the rising storm, headed for
the Summercountry. If they think to check the crystal, it
indicates that they should be heading that way, s
tied into the mask, It is a homing beacon, not only to pin-
point the location of anyone who has the crystal, but also to
direct anyone with the crystal to the mask. The storm out-
side is rising in intensity. Along the road, they are confronted
by a Ferryman who tells them they must recover the mask
and return it to the Deathlord if they want to prevent a
Maelstrom. They do have other alternatives. They can con-
vince the Heretic leader who took the mask to assume the
office of the Smiling Lord, one of the wraiths can try to take
that office or they can keep the mask and hope the Mael-
strom isn't destructive enough to wipe out everything. The

ince it is

choice is theirs.

Should they decide to recover the mask, they must travel
to the Summercountry and either convince the Heretics to
return the mask or they must steal it back. The Heretics, in

the spirit of their "afterlife," might allow the wraiths to win
it in a contest — if they ask for it rather than trying to steal
it. Assuming they get the mask somehow, they find that all
the byways are closed due to the oncoming Maelstrom. The
only way they might make it back to Stygia in time is to
utilize the stairways and tunnels of the Labyrinth and try to
get there via the Venous Stair. Returning the mask briefly
gains them the gratitude of the Smiling Lord. They could
use this to build a niche for themselves within the Hierar-
chy, if they choose to do so. Renegades or Heretics might
find that they must return the mask in order to preserve them-
selves and their groups, but they might be horrified that they
have had to do so, feeling personally soiled as a result of
helping the hated Hierarchy regain lost power — especially
a power that compels other wraiths to do their bidding. It
isn't an easy choice, but then, it never is

Beginning Versus Ongoing Chronicles

While it is possible to use this story to begin a Wraith
Chronicle, it is recommended that the Storyteller make cer-
tain that the players are familiar with the concepts in it be-
fore doing so. If they have no idea who the Hierarchy, Her-
etics, Renegades, Deathlords and Spectres are or what arti-

facts, relics, the Shadowlands, the Tempest, Oblivion, Fet-
ters and Passions are, they will not really understand the
story or be able to play through it effectively. It is best if the
Storyteller takes each player through her Prelude, then in-
troduce all the characters to life as wraiths. After they have
absorbed the basic information and settled into place the
Storyteller can then introduce the characters from the story
who are supposed to know the player's characters. This story
should begin only after these preliminaries are covered.

If this is being used as part of an ongoing Chronicle, the
Storyteller should work characters into the story who are
supposed to know the player's characters. There might even
be rumors circulating about of the problems between the
Smiling Lord and the Laughing Lady. The players might even
visit the Inferno at some point. After these elements have

been premiered in earlier stories, they will fall into place
much more naturally when this one is begun.

Advanced Storytelling

If the troupe consists of those who enjoy more complex
stories, the basic structure of the adventure may be enhanced
by adding elements in that occur in the world of the living.
Maelstroms affect the Skinlands as much as they affect the


Underworld and usually occur in response to or as a harbin-
ger of terrible events transpiring in the real world. If the Sto-
ryteller wants to up the pressure on the wraiths, she may
have one or more of the wraith's Fetters (preferably people
the wraiths care for) threatened by a terrorist takeover of a
plane they are traveling on or a building ala Die Hard. The
terrorists make impossible demands and insist that the de-
mands he met immediately. They begin killing passengers
(not the wraith's Fetters) to prove their commitment to their
cause. They are also holding onto a homemade nuclear
weapon that is capable of wiping out about an eighth of the
United States (or all of Britain, most of France, a small Afri-
can country, etc.) so those negotiating with them are very
leery of trying any sort of assault which might cause them to
fire it.

Hotheads among the military are demanding that they
be allowed to go in and deal with the situation, crisis man-
agers are working overtime and various SWAT teams are
moving into position. The characters should become aware
of the danger to their loved ones. Some might not be hos-
tages; they may be among the police who are involved or be
negotiating with the terrorists. Scenes can be worked in as
the wraiths move back and forth from the Tempest to the
Skinlands trying to affect the situation and save the hos-
tages. The situation should continue to deteriorate steadily
until it is obvious that the terrorists will set off the bomb.
The passageway becomes blocked and the wraiths cannot
travel to the Skinlands anymore. If they are going to save
those they love, they will have to do it from the Underworld.

The point of all of this is two-fold. First, it gives the
wraiths a more personal reason to succeed in their mission
since their Fetters are directly threatened. Secondly, since
Maelstroms occur alongside frightful events in the real world,
the potential for wiping out a great number of people in a
nuclear explosion provides a reason why there is a big Mael-
strom in the making: There is the possibility that the terror-
ist actions might lead to retaliation, escalating into World
War Ill. A savvy Storyteller can move the action back and
forth, building tension among the negotiations as the storm
builds in intensity, then cutting off the wraiths' ability to
directly affect the action just as things are about to blow

Story Backeround (what has gone befor)

There is a great deal of rivalry among the Deathlords.
Each wants to gain enough power to assert his or her superi-
ority and claim the rulership of Stygia. To that end, each
claims the souls who die under his auspices, keeping them as
thralls, soldiers or various officials. The mask that each
Deathlord wears is part of the reason they are able to exer-
cise such control over their minions. The masks are symbols
of office and are powerful "control" artifacts, capable of giv-
ing the wraith who wears it the power to exert his or her will


over those wraiths under the Deathlord's command. In ef
fect, the mask allows the Deathlord to compel belief from
her underlings, making the Deathlord stronger and giving
hera firm foundation from which to fight against enemies or
the ravages of Maelstroms. Each mask has other powe
well, most of which are kept strictly secret.

Lately, the Laughing Lady (who oversees the victims of
madness) and the Smiling Lord (who does the same for the
victims of violence) have disagreed as to the disposal of newly
arrived wraiths. The Smiling Lord has ordered his troops to
seize wraiths who died violently, even if they were madmen

themselves or victims of madmen. So long as the means of
death was violence, he claims, they belong to him. Natu-
rally, the Laughing Lady, seeing his ploy to become more
powerful and to rob her of her "rightful" spoils, hits upon a
plan to avenge herself against the Smiling Lord and to
weaken him to the point where he can no longer be a threat
to her. She sends her agents to join an idyllic cult of Her-
etics who maintain a Far Shores realm called the
Summercountry. Their leader, Revel, was considered one of
hers, but escaped her and went on to form a Heretic group
based around the idea of a faerie kingdom/utopia.

Once they grouped together, her minions managed to
convince Revel that he could steal the Smiling Lord's mask,
thereby weakening the Hierarchy and making it easier for
him to find recruits for the Summercountry. Following their
plan and aided by an expert thief whom he hired to oversee
the operation, Revel stole the mask and took it back to the
Summercountry, where he has hung it behind his throne like
a trophy.

Unknown to Revel, however, the mask has a black crys-
tal attached to it that functions as. a homing beacon. The
crystal is usually worn as a piece of jewelry by the wearer of
the mask. When the mask was stolen, the beacon attached
itself to the actual thief, pinpointing his location so that the
Deathlord's legions could be sent after him. The beacon can-
not be thrown away or sold, but must be given away and
accepted before it can leave the individual(s) to whom it
has bonded. The beacon helps the transfer by feeding its new
recipient a point of exquisitely pleasurable Pathos. A sec-
ondary function of the beacon is to locate the mask; it pul-
sates and grows brighter when pointed in the mask's direc-
tion. The third (and little known) power of the beacon is to
allow whoever is bonded to it to exert control over the mask,
meaning that person has an edge in a contest of wills over
who gets the mask. Naturally, even with the crystal, a char-
acter is still no match for the Deathlord who has worn the
mask for centuries (though the characters might not realize
this and might pay the ultimate price for becoming power-
hungry and greedy should one of them try to assume the
Deathlord's place).

The thief who stole the mask is the wraith who gives
the characters the crystal at the beginning of the story. He
was well-paid for his help, but didn't count on being hounded
by the legions. As long as the characters keep him out of it,
he's willing to tell them what he knows — assuming they
can catch up with him. The Deathlord noticed that his mask
was missing as soon as he awakened and has instructed his
legions to do whatever they have to do to get it back.

In the Skinlands, tensions build as nations move to the
brink of war or civil war, famine runs rampant throughout
much of the world and terrorists plan their strategies. Any
of these could erupt into a world-threatening crisis, leading
to annihilation. Oblivion licks its lips in anticipation and
Spectres move throughout the worlds of the living and dead,
trying to bring on a world-destroying holocaust. When the
Spectres realize that one of the Deathlords has lost his mask,
thereby losing his greatest tool for shaping his underlings'
belief (a major factor in Stygia's defenses against Maelstroms
and the power of Oblivion), they know that a Maelstrom
might topple Stygia and cause a chain reaction that could
destroy everything. They will do what they can to prevent
the mask from being retuned. The only thing in the char-
acters' favor is that not too many Spectres can be spared
from preparing for the Maelstrom to actively oppose them.

Players in the Drama
Soup

Specialist thief, Renegade
Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Rebel
Cire
Ph
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Streetwise 4, Sub-
terfuge 2

Skills: Burglary 4, Disguise 2, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Investigation 3, Law 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Haunt 1, Memoriam 2
Passions: Get the Syndicate man (Anger) 2, Watch over
mother (Love) 3, Steal the Hope Diamond (Pride) 2
Arcanos: Argos 2, Moliate 5

Fetters: Old tools of the trade, 1; Mother, 4; Hope Diamond, 1;
Girlfriend, 3; Disguise kit, 1

Willpower: 8

Pathos: 9

Shadow: Perfectionist

Angst: 5

The Fencing Masters
al; Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Chapter Four: Adrift on the Sea of Shadows


Thorns: Shadow Traits (Dodge)

Shadow Passions: Screw up authority (Hate) 2, Get rid of
the whining old woman (mother) (Disgust) 2

Image: Soup is small and finely boned, with a ferret-like face
and quick grace. His brown, lank hair is held back in a pony-
tail, and his eyes are a watery-blue. Soup was a thief who
specialized in stealing items most people thought were so
well-protected that no one could steal them. He double-
crossed a member of the Syndicate and was killed for it. Now
he specializes in obtaining rare artifacts and relics — for the
right price

Katrina

Pediatrician, Independent
Nature: Caregiver

Demeanor: Caregiver

Circle: The Doctor's Lounge

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Brawl 1,
Empathy 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Meditation 1

Knowledges: Linguistics 2, Medicine 4, Science 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Haunt 2, Memoriam 3

Sateina

=— se

Passions: Protect children (Guilt) 4, Watch over husband
(Love) 3, Punish drunk drivers (Anger) 3
Arcanos: Fatalism 3, Usury 3

Fetters: Husband, 3; Child's tombstone, 2;
keys, 2

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 10

Shadow: Martyr

Angst: 5

Thorns: Death's Vigil (sad, haunting music accompanies her
everywhere)

Shadow Passions: Kill drunks (Hate) 3

Image: Katrina is a slender woman in her mid-30s. Her eyes

Old office, 3; Car

are gray and her hair is light brown and falls to her shoul-
ders. Her face is care-worn and concerned. She wears a
doctor's white coat and stethoscope. Katrina was a young
pediatrician. One night, after working hard all day, she in-
sisted on driving her child to a birthday party. She and her
child were killed by a drunk driver coming from the oppo-
site direction. Katrina blames herself for her slow reaction
time due to her fatigue. She is most anguished that her child
is not with her in the Underworld, though she hopes he
passed on to a blissful Afterlife. People tend to bring their
problems to Katrina and she tries to help those whom she
knows.

oO

Revel, the Lord of Wiseule

Revel, the Lord of Misrule

Revel was a poet, a student of Celtic literature and a
dreamer. He believed that faeries lived in the woods near his
home and he tried to prove in his senior thesis that they
existed. He was laughed out of the school. In a fit of despair,
he killed himself. He spent the first part of his wraithly ex-
istence toiling for the Hierarchy and came to hate them
When he finally escaped, he came into contact with some
Heretics. Though they failed to convert him to their way of
thinking, they did inspire him to seek out a wondrous After-
life of his own. Revel set off to find the Summercountry, and
after many years of searching, found his own Far Shore. He
has many converts who enjoy hi
him. His one regret is that his sister is not with him to share

s pseudo-faerie realm with

it.
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Bon Vivant

tic Conspirators
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Alertness 1, Awareness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empa-
pression 3, Intimidation 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Etiquette 2, Leadership 3, Melee 4, Performance 3,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Faerie Lore 3, Linguistics 2, Poli-

Backgrounds: Artifact 2, Haunt 3, Status 4
Passions: Prove your theories (Pride) 3,
thing you were denied in life (Greed) 3, Convince your sis-
ter to join you in death (Love) 2, Preserve woodlands near
old home (Joy) 2

Arcanos: Argos 1, Castigate 3, Keening 2, Pandemonium 3
Fetters: Sister, 4; Woods, 2

Willpower: 9

Pathos: 8

Shadow: Parent

Angst: 6

Thorns: Doppleganger

Shadow Passions: Kill sister (Hate/Love) 3

Equipment: Relic swan ship, Stygian steel rapier (Artifact),
the Smiling Lord's ma:
Image: Revel has blond hair and green eyes. He has an ex-
pressive face which can move from heartrending sadness to
mischievous glee with ease. He dresses as he believes an elfin
king might dress and indulges in many fey moods.

Burgess, Hierarchy Centurion

Burgess' stats are not given here. The characters have
no reason to fight him or interact with him other than sp‘
ing to him. He meets them at the Inferno and tells them
what the significance of the Deathlord's mask is. The Story-
teller is free to detail Burgess and do whatever she sees fit

with him.

Act One: The Set-Up

The Storyteller should be prepared for a number of sur-
prise moves by her players. She should be very familiar with
the story so that she can adjust things to make them run
smoothly, no matter what the characters do. It is not essen-
tial that they play through every area or follow only the
"right" paths. Their decisions should be respected and they
should be allowed to go in any direction they choose. Of
course, there may be consequences for going in certain di-
rections. If they have contacts or allies whom they wish to
speak with, it is fine to have those people offer them shelter
or tell them what they know (unless the contacts are high
up among the Hierarchy, they will know no more than the
rumor that one of the Deathlord's masks has been stolen).
Eventually, the Legionnaires will root them out of any hid-
ing place and the characters will have to move about and
ask questions to find out more about the situation. All of
this provides the Storyteller with plenty of chances to get
them back on track.


The Storyteller should also remember that if the char-
ters have a relic vehicle, it needs to be powered by Pathos.
Someone must pay a point of Pathos every six hours to keep
the vehicle fueled and running.

Scene One: Unexpected Visitors

The characters are gathered in their Haunt or in a place
somewhere in the Shadowlands (preferably in a Necropolis).
It is a dreadful day, rainy and dark, reflecting the gloomy
weather in the Skinlands. Moaning gusts of wind howl
throughout the Necropolis. The group is disturbed by Soup,
who knocks and enters, looking a little disheveled. He ap-
proaches one of the characters he knows, hands her a black,
oblong crystal and asks the character to keep it for him for
awhile. If the character insists, Soup will promise a future
favor in return. Should the character not accept the crystal
or ask what it is, he will tell the group that it is a power
crystal. He instructs the character to hold onto the crystal
for a moment and think about it. As she does so, the crystal
gifts her with a point of Pathos (or an extremely pleasurable,
emotional moment filled with light and life, if she is already
at full capacity of Pathos). Note that the crystal will only do
this when it is first given to someone, though the person will
not know that it is a one-shot gift. Whatever it takes to get
the character to accept the crystal, he will do, even claiming
that he was trying to do her a favor by giving her such a
usefull Artifact. As soon as he is able to get the character to
take the crystal, he leaves.

A few minutes after Soup has gone, the characters hear
terrible howls and shouts coming from approximately a block
away. Investigating the racket, they see twenty Legionnaires
led by a brace of barghests heading right for them. They have
one turn in which to act before the Legionnaires arrive. They
can choose to meet with the Legionnaires to discover what
they want, they can try to disappear elsewhere in the
Necropolis or they can make a run for it by jumping into the
Tempest.

If they wait, they see the Legionnaires carrying chains
with which to bind them. They will not parley with the char-
acters except to demand their surrender and will move to
make them prisoners. If they fight, they will eventually be
overwhelmed by the legion (sheer weight of numbers).
Should they allow themselves to be captured, the characters
will be taken into the Tempest as the Legionnaires head for
Stygia. After searching them and the place they were in, the
Legionnaires will ask them where "it" is, If they ask what
the Legionnaires are searching for, the soldiers will sneer and
say that they obviously know since they have the crystal.
The wraith-in-charge will take the crystal, but it will reap-
pear back in the original holder's hand after one turn. Even
if the character freely tries to give the crystal to a soldier, hi
intention to take it anyway negates the gifting and returns

The Sea of Shadows

the Storyteller should arrange for an attack on the Legion-
naires by Renegades. The characters are unchained and urged
to run for it.

If they run, the legion will regroup and come after them.
If they go on to Stygia, they will be interviewed (tortured)
for information. When it is clear they have none, they will
be ordered to find Soup and the missing mask. They are col-
lared with Artifacts which can control them through pain
and loss of Corpus and a Legionnaire is given the control
device for the collars and sent with them. The Deathlord is
uninterested in their personal problems or unlives. They are
involved in the theft and he'll use them however he sees fit.

Running to another bolt hole within the Necropolis only
buys them a few minutes of time, as more groups of Legion-
naires are sent out after them. They can home in on the
beacon, thus making it impossible for the characters to hide
for long. Sooner or later, they will have to go into the Tem-
pest to escape their pursuers

If they jump directly into the Tempest, they will have
to do so without using Tempest Peek if they want to avoid
combat with the Legionnaires. They barely have time to use
Tempest Threshold to open a portal into the Tempest and
go through, The characters will have only a moment to take
in their situation before the Legionnaires pour through be-
hind them.

Scene Two: into the Tempest

If the characters have a relic car or truck in which they
are riding, they land on a long causeway stretching out into
a storm-tossed ocean, The wind blows breakers over the top
of the causeway, threatening to sweep their vehicle off at
any moment. Gray clouds spew down jagged lightning and
the choppy, black water is topped with foaming whitecaps.
Rain sheets down, drenching everything with oily, foul-smell-
ing drops. The causeway seems to stretch without break be-
fore and behind them. There are no landmarks.

Should they have a relic ship or be on foot, they land in
the ocean beside the causeway. The waves threaten to smash
them against the causeway. The boat rocks wildly, pitching
from one side to another. If they are swimming, they are
repeatedly dunked into the freezing, black water and soaked
by the greasy, foul-smelling rain. If on foot, the characters
can climb onto the causeway if they wish. It is obviously a
byway: Sailing next to it is considered being "on" the byway.

As soon as the characters have decided where they are
trying to go, the sky rips open a few hundred feet behind
them and a pack of barghests and about forty Legionnaires
tumble through, landing on the causeway. The barghests send
up a soul-shivering howl and the soldiers rapidly advance
toward the characters. If the characters have a vehicle, they


will be able to outdistance the Legionnaires; if swimming or
on foot, and they immediately flee, they will be able to main-
tain the same distance from them as when they first appeared.
In either case, the group will most likely run for it.

It is possible that a character will have the Argos power
of Jump, which would normally allow the character to travel
to one of his Fetters almost instantaneously (assuming he
makes his roll). If the character does this and goes alone, he
finds an entire troop of Legionnaires waiting for him when
he arrives. They take him into custody. The Storyteller should
determine whether he escapes and how he rejoins his com-
panions, though they might feel like he abandoned them
and might not want him back. If he takes the group with
him, they all make it to the Fetter. A moment later, the sol-
diers arrive and they ate forced to flee into the Tempest again.
Again, they land on or near the causeway.

Farther up, there appears to be heavy fog drifting across
the causeway. This presents them with an opportunity for
escape. It is also their first encounter with a dangerous Shift-
ing Zone known as the Miasma. Using Flicker to try to get
beyond it results in landing in the middle of the Miasma,
unless the character can roll three successes (difficulty 9),
since the character is unable to use line of sight. Again, if
they use Jump, they can reach a Fetter and avoid the fog, but
Legionnaires will appear at the Fetter only a moment or so
behind them. If they make it through using either Flicker or
Jump, just skip this section and go on.

Upon penetrating the fog, the characters find that each
of them seems to be alone in a grayish-white world. They
cannot see more than a foot in front of them and all sense of
direction vanishes. Sound is muffled as well. Any wraith
calling out to companions feels that her voice is stifled and
t00 soft to be heard. As she flounders, trying to find the oth-
ers or make her way through the fog, she slowly begins to
feel cold and numb. Each character must roll on his or her
lowest rated Fetter (difficulty 7). If they succeed, they are
confused as to where their Fetters are for a number of hours
equal to 10 minus their Intelligence scores. Those who fail
have the memory of the Fetter erased from their minds. The
Fetter is gone as though it never existed (though memory of
it will return later, in about an hour). If
she loses the Fetter and is rendered imb

The Phantom Wings art allows the wraith to fly through
this area. She is still subject to its attack. Otherwise, she
floats just as helplessly as if she did not have Argos. Flicker
and Jump do not work in the Miasma, but Oubliette may be
used to pull oneself out of it. Using Oubliette in this way
causes one aggravated wound level.

Once all the characters have experienced the Miasma,
the fog breaks up around them and slowly drifts back toward
their pursuers, enveloping the soldiers. The characters are
free to go, but cannot visit any of their Fetters for the same
number of hours that they are confused about their location.

meone borches,

ic for an hour.

drift on the Sea of Shadows

Ac this point, if they attempt to leave the Tempest by head-
ing for a Necropolis or other known location in the
Shadowlands, they find that the way is apparently closed. A
growing Maelstrom is wreaking havoc with travel through
the Tempest, and the Necropolis ports have all been closed
to prevent it from entering the Shadowlands. Travel is only
possible within the Tempest itself, from realm to realm (un-
less the Storyteller is using the terrorist Advanced
Storytelling scenario, in which case, they may travel back
and forth a while longer — though they will be closely pur-
sued wherever they go).

The waves grow larger and whistling screams are heard
from the clouds overhead. It should be obvious to the char-
actets that a bad storm is brewing. They can choose to fol-
low the byway or break away from it in an attempt to lose
the soldiers.

Scene Three: Decisions

At this point, the characters must decide where they
ate trying to go or if they simply will stay on the causeway.
Up ahead, they can see a crossroads where several roads and
channels meet, forming an intricate network of railroad
tracks, bridges, roads and waterways. These are various by-
ways. All of them eventually lead back to Stygia, but they
also lead to several other realms within the Tempest. If a
wraith makes her Orienteering roll, she can determine which
byway to take to reach her desired location.

Attempts to enter the Shadowlands fail (see above note
on the terrorist scenario), no matter how many successes
the wraith gets. She feels herself become insubstantial and
start to tise, then she becomes solid again and plunks back
to the ground or into the sea. She may make a roll on her
Intelligence + Argos (difficulty 7) to figure out that the storm
in the area must be interfering with the byways which lead
to the Shadowlands, making them impassable.

Characters may elect to try to reach some place they
know within the Tempest, such as a Renegade hideout or
Heretic holding where they might be able to hide. They may
try to sneak into Stygia to learn what is going on and why
they are being hunted. They may decide to simply head out
alonga byway and try to put as much distance between them-
selves and Stygia as possible or they may think to try to lo-
cate Soup. If they make an Intelligence + Streetwise roll
(difficulty 8), they can remember that Soup likes to hang
out at a club called the Inferno. The Inferno is considered
neutral ground.

By now, it should be obvious to the characters that the
Legionnaires (or the barghests) can track them through the
crystal and that they cannot rid themselves of it. Now that
they have a moment in which to examine it, they may also
notice that it pulsates and flickers with light when pointed
ina certain direction. They may decide that this means it is

The S

pointing toward something they need to find and go in the
direction it points, using it like a homing beacon. If they do,
they are on the right track and should be allowed to pro-
ceed. At some point along their route, they should meet up
with Katrina (see Scene Four), who can give them some of
the information they need.

Scene Three A: If they head out along an unknown
byway, the Storyteller should feel free to run them into two
or three other Shifting Zones chosen from those presented
earlier in this book or to make up strange areas of her own to
confuse the characters. The Shifting Zones recommended
for this part of the adventure are the Sargasso Sea and the
Pool of Bittersweet Remembrance. The Sargasso Sea should
provide them with an actual enemy to fight (Sargasso Spec-
tres), and the Pool should provide them with memories of
their past. If a character who was made imbecilic is placed
within the Pool, she will immediately regain her senses. These
areas should engulf them, even if the characters are travel-
ing ina relic car. The zone will rise up to wash over the land,
if necessary, and temporarily swamp their car. If the Story-
teller doesn't like these areas, she may construct some of her
own, but none of the areas should be inherently deadly; each
should, however, cause some damage to or delay for the char-
acters. After two of them, the characters should flounder
into the Quagmire just as they again hear the howls of the
barghests and realize that the Legionnaires have caught up
with them. This should be an exciting race against time as
they struggle to free themselves before the soldiers get to
them. At this point, they will either be captured and taken
to Stygia, where they'll be collared as thralls and sent out to
find the mask, or they'll
crystal or keep running, In any case, they will meet up with
Katrina (Scene Four) and she can give them information
they lack.

escape and choose to follow the

Scene Three B: Assuming the characters follow the
crystal's directions, they will turn on a byway which leads
toward the place they need to go. In a vehicle or walking,
they turn onto a bridge which rises up above the thrashing
waters for hundreds of feet. It forms a great arch heading out
to sea. Once on it, they will realize that it sways precariously
in the foul-smelling winds and their vehicle (or they them-
selves) are thrown from side to side by the buffeting winds
If they are swimming or in a boat, their path leads over a
roaring waterfall, which plunges into mists hundreds of feet
below. The clouds which have been scudding overhead have
disappeared, leaving a black, somehow empty-feeling sky far
over them. Within the blackness are tiny pinpricks of light
like stars, through which tendrils of smoky-black ooze drift
away toward the surface of the sea. As they watch, one after
another of the pinpricks winks out. Spectres are gathering
around the nihils, blocking the light from them with their
black-rayed bodies and waiting for the signal to attack in
preparation for the coming Maelstrom.


smopnys fo vag ay uo sfupy :uno,] .ardvyoy

soyper pio Buyprug ayp padjay ays ySnoyp se yoo] 1 ayeur
01 Suv ayg "yseu ayp UNIAI O1 spaau ays IU Paploap sey]
oye ‘Ape Surysneq ap 02 pedo] st dnoxB puosas ay "p10]
SuIpwg oy or sBuojaq ‘Suruusaq ays wooy ren aayp uo
u9aq aaey oys asoyp ‘dnosd asny ayy "way 10} SuNUNY are
saieuuor7 Jo sdnoi8 quarayip oma TAaMOY ‘MONE YSeU BP
J9A0991 01 INO 1Uds PUL pare] ]od a1e ‘preaias ow aAtoD01 doy
"ar soajaswayp wana Aayp jf "SPAtf-Mo] Sq UL pauand 40 sxaIp
-Jos Aq, uMop paysen aq []}M sraroereyp ayp ‘AyeMUaAg
pavator aup 10 UF Way suaM ays apy sIOIDeIEY> yp AL|ap
01 Ant 2,u0M BULIeY ‘sINOD JO "PInod BULNEY se Apisea se
peau Aaya UoNeUOyUT aYp sroxoeIeYD ayp aa1B wed UOSIad ey?
Seuuney ueyp Joy BUOdIUIOS asn O2 sIayaid Ja]IaXAIOIg aX JT
"ouayU] ay 2 Ino sSuLy Layo ay IY SONUAUT aYg "saAyos
uy sea] pue dnog puy 02 411 Aaya eyp Isa83ns ue> ays
‘sooutsunoo penioe ayp Jo pjo2 Jf "]eIsh19 YDeIG v 241] SYOo]
rey 9zpLALe JOUTL AUTOS UATOrs ATUO aA,4aypi SAaatfag ‘SIPyI0
sow 94] ‘YS "You ay 40 aYSNos Bulag aue Ady ey S101
-oereyp ayp ][93 URD (INO auAdg) eUNLY ‘amides at o1
Suipea] UoLEUNIOFUT 10y porayo st premar any v pue AI ay
3940 J] parepnouro Buraq axe saweu pue samoid nayp ya
sraisog "Yay ap Jo parsadsns ae Aoyp yey siideIYD ey
92 we aydoad may y seu sproyypeag ayp jo youp ayp Bur
NOsIp a1v Ieay9Ao Adyp sfouted §,p107] Suyp}wg ay Jo AUY
"Aq]NOUIIP aA] PIA os op 01 ayqe aq Pinoys dayp Gaaut or
quem Ady WOYM YIM e1BAag UT saT]]e 10 side aazy hoy?
J] ‘Uo BuI08 st YM ano puy o7 BULAN pue sfoxed Buzpop
‘punose yeous ued sraqrerey> ayp ‘Aud ayp apisUl a>uO

-ayem ay
UI s[Nos paysnzo ‘Suruearos Survay Yoqrey ay? yBnomp n>
saosinso oars ‘8npy "soe[d iUeIsIp 40} punog sypEIAN yA
papeoy ‘Aq ajquins suren awarg "sjjemp se q]os pue amides
ues Aoup woya sypte {an 40} ea UL a4y staAeps ‘shea
Joep asoyp Jo auI0s UM "sKemAayfe 1axLep au UT ao"[d 01
d9ujd woy a]zanos syprenm paureysun pue A119 ay INoge aacut
sareuuorsay] Jo sjoneg "2uaes atp YI wayp SupogyuT ‘S101
-Seaeyo dU] UO a]229s PUL Ae aU UT YLIp 100s pue EY Jo sug
-asvauB Jo [99j ay pue sayse Jo IAs ay TIA Aavay sBuey
aie oy, "SORA pue swan [nyasn OU! UAOp paxppUUs axe
supeam azayen 9310} ay Jo ssty ay pur sioururey jo Sutsue]>
Up tpi aaueUIULOp 10} apAsaim SuLOU PUe sYysIg "soperaP 40
s1eah 10] 118m Sout] ayp soUMEUIg ,BuIss9201d,, ree Ady
uaa suoqureyD premoy A|ys!SZnjs aot sypremm poureys pue
paze[]oo jo sauty Bu0J "sytem paurey> ‘Surweairs Jo uea20
pur |[eaeas e Aq papunouns siaans pue sSupjing s1]eaW
qyBuq-ounu jo azeur e ‘2oytpa SuIppiqioy e st eIBAg
-Ag19 oy JoqUe pue Jo1Ne1x9 paprens
Apaysyy aya ased a1 ayeur o1 ayge aq pnoys day? "(spueaq
ueiddag oavy woyp jo Aue 1 4prejnorared) saapasunoyp asingsip
01 Ant Jo sypream saypo JerAaas YIM zqUa oy adwane pue
asuas UOWIUIOD Jo WNoIpow B asn Adtp J] "AID oY 02 2y3HE
spea] aya peor IyBrENs ‘Jaaay eS} IY] ‘ayeI WED sIAOEIEYD
dyp aIno1 AsoIse9 DUP SI VIBAAg 01 BUIOD :—- vary, aUadg

mM Area

-uoneuojut yuevodwi ways 1]

ues oy ‘euLey, YEN dn joa wea Aayp ‘9]>€ISqGo ayp 9UI09
1,0 aaey Aaup Joye Aouof stow Suoye wUod awos Vy

"uorsioap & ayjeut

01 wotp aouTAUOD IYsHU aoueISIp ay UT sisaysueg jo Burdeq
ayp ‘saajaswayp WUD 01 1UEIDNJa4 WhoIs s1I9eFEYP J]

"31 19a0 Jonuod BuruIEs pur a Buned0]

Jo sporpaut aaneuiarye puy or aaey asnf |] Ay apqissodun

1 ayeu! 3,usoop IF Sse oy J9A0991 02 WOY? Joy JOpIeYy

soyeur step apy, "shdiod ut jaaay euruerg soy uresax pue

oy uayer a10m1 Aayp ode]d oy 02 ¥>eq IES aze Ing "]eIshu9
ayp aso] siaidereyD ay ‘[nyssaDons si BUIMOLIEEY AyD JI]

yo] Aayp x94 02 eG pauiodsuen axe Aayp pue I Jo
pus yp 1 squtod sndiog ut aaa] eurWEIG JOYA UrESOI Woy)
Jo []e {]eashao ayp jo uorssassod ureias 01 aBeuRW pur SuyMos
ABE] 198W], v OF1puN asnuu sypTeM JO YpreIM e JI ‘ase Aue
uy Burmouey aiqissod & pue ‘a8ewep jo ao1p o] sare>ipui
ypi0g v foBeuep jo aoIp ¢ Suryer ‘sajasuzayp padezos aa soy)
sareo1pur aunyreg "Spay ap ssw 0 (2, AaynoyRIp) [Jor 88poq,
4 Aauoixag & ayeur Aeu SuIURUTMS aso] "PA0ge se saINs
-91 aygissod aues aya yam ‘adeurep jo ao1p QT Buryer ‘28pay
ay 0WUO YseI9 doy suRdWE YDIOG Y "MOYPUIOS paysred aq
ysnun a1 pue won0g ysear Aaya Vay urs 02 sUIBaq I] UE
d]oy v Suro ‘op>1Yaa say paderds aa,soyp IeEp SaredtpUl
ainyiey y "Wonog ayp Ie [ood ay 02 snUTUOD pue oBpay ayp
ssw wtp 19] (g AaNOYyIp) [Jor AUG + AuaIxag e ‘UpEBY
umop dvayfey Ino sinf y>1ya aSpay aya gqunosue Aeyp
[nun swaygord ou sjuasard ypepoiwm ay1 UMop BUIED,

ssndiog s,yareda ay2 02 eBeurep Jo aD1p aay,
sasneo 3jonis Buna398 adeoxa ‘9]s1y94 v UF pey eaey pjnoa Koy
se suiajqoud oures at) ul ajnsax sayiog pue saanyieg "2]0Y ay)
deaj 01 (g Aajnoysip) sonappY + Aayerxaq asn Avur SUPYEA
asoy ‘a8euep ou Buyer ‘ofpug aya quis pue apoiysa amp
oy deay ued stprem atp ‘pasn Ayjnyssa2ons sea soBIY J]

Opry arewaysi_y oyp jo dayy asoIN WIP djay or
{ay 02 dip BAxd DUO syTEAN auf SOAIS [eISK49 ay UNDO sty
pinoyg "Burmouepy 2982e], ve saoBi9pun dnosd omnuo oyp ‘snd
OZ S1Y Jo Je Seo] wsadway, ay YSnomp dnoss ajoys ap
apind o1 soBry Suusn yaremm e J] Jonag e oda 1 JL se ASN Jed
-shio ayy jo uorssassod 10) SuLMoueH] 184e] ¥ Os:pun Loy
a1oya YBUTAgeT ay 02 UoxEr AjorEIpoUUUT ase snd¥od o192
01 1yBno1q sypreIM Suy "aBeuep Jo ao1p QT Sulop ‘Aemasnes
ayp OI UMOP saYseID 11 a1E}q aDIYOA BuLTe} ay adersa
or sosiy 11.01 UM] aUO aaeY SIAIOBIYD ay | "Ysnosp
s[e 9]91y9a ayp "ysrog w st [Jor ay JTW UOPUEGe 10 Moy
-sUU0s INO I [MY 01 DALY |ILAs AAYLL "A]OY AD UL YoNas sI28
pur Ava aed a1 soyeur ajsryaa atoyp ‘sp1ey 31 1 9yoy aup dunt
Kayp ‘spaaoons jJor au J] °(g AaynoyIp) [Jor BAU] + AaHIeIxaq
[yssaoons v Aq auop aq ues siyy "duinf or aavy ym Koy
UP 9]OY & ‘91 Jo 19IUa9 aya UF 19a} tar INOgE Jo yeAIq v Sey
Squiod suo 2e pue ‘sroppnys pur stems o8p1uq au] "08 op Apisea
ues Aayp rey puy Aatp YjeEWareM ay Wop 40 aBpiq oy
quo oypto "Yped ay MO}JO} O2 A suoADEILYD 94 PINYS

nov


Scene
Sie

|, £0) ay
HAR

than implicating herself. She has her soldiers attempt to cap-
ture the characters as well. If successful, they will be in the
same situation as they are with the Smiling Lord, except they
will have to bring the mask back to the Laughing Lady, who
will then want to destroy the characters to keep them from
‘ors they might hear about her involve-

spreading any
ment in the theft.

Assuming that the characters take steps to escape, they
can now head for the Inferno to find Soup,

Scene Three D: If the characters head off for the In-
ferno to find Soup, they are going in the right direction.
Somewhere along the way, they should meet up with Katrina,
who can tell them why they're being hunted (see Scene Four).
If they are already heading for the Inferno, she doesn't sug-
gest that they go there, but tells them she saw Soup there
only about an hour ago.

Scene Four: Meeting with Katrina

Katrina is a small, s
der-length hair and gray eyes
fully. If the wraiths are driving in a vehicle, she cautions
them to be very careful and watch out for drunk drivers.
Although she's a little loopy, she is a kind soul and loyal to

-looking wraith with brown, shoul-
She speaks slowly and thought-

her friends,

The Sea of Shadows

Wherever this takes place, Katrina can tell the charac-
ters that th
sort of minor Artifact. She explains that they are suspected
of the crime and that their likenesses are being distributed
throughout Stygia and to all patrols. If they confide in her
actually happened and have not yet thought to seek
oup, she can direct them to the Inferno, a club where

niling Lord has been robbed of a crystal, some

wha
out
he sometimes hangs out

The
Katrina has no desire to harm the characters and they should
not

Act i: Recovering the Mask |
Scene five: Spectre Attack |

Once they know where they need to go, the characters
may make an Orienteering roll to find the correct byway to
reach the club. As they move onto the byway, the sky over- |
head crackles with lightning and dark, heavy clouds move
in as though racing one another. Shrill shrieks come from
the clouds as a horde of Spectres descend on the group from
overhead. These are Shades, and there is one Shade for each
character present plus two extras. Their first target is the

should be no action beyond talking in the scene; |

t to harm her.


crystal. Several cluster around whoever has the crystal and
attempt to wrest it from the wraith. If they succeed, they
start to fly away, but turn back as the crystal reappears in the
wraith's hand. Their next attack is to try to destroy the char-
acters so that they can take the crystal. If they succeed in
bringing the characters to zero Corpus, the wraiths are
dragged off for a Harrowing with the crystal as the target.

If the Harrowing is successful, the characters lose the
crystal, but are sent back to the place they were taken from
and regain their Stamina level in Corpus. While this makes
it harder for them to recover the mask, it doesn't make it
impossible. They'll just have to find alternative methods of
locating it and gaining control over it.

Once they have beaten off the Spectres or survived the
Harrowing, they may continue on to the Inferno. If neces-
sary, especially if they lose the crystal, the Storyteller should
remind the players that their characters are wanted by the
Hierarchy. The Smiling Lord is unlikely to rest until he re-
gains his mask, so it would be best if the characters attempted
to recover it for him to clear their names. Otherwise, their
continued existence is in grave doubt.

The byway which leads to the Inferno is fairly straight-
forward. After following a roadway for about two hours across
the Sunless Sea, it leads to a grassy hillock. On the down-
ward side of the hill is a river and dirt road that enters a
forested area and winds through it until it arrives at the club.
The forest is dark and gloomy. It seems to be made up of
black trees which are shaped like evergreens. The boughs
lean down, touching the roadway and dipping into the river.
Many plasmic entities, especially the Deliriums, make their
home here. Some of the Legendaries also live here, and these
often put up roadblocks or river barriers and charge tolls to
pass through. They accept relics or Pathos as payment.

Scene Six: Roadblock

As the characters travel toward the club, they run into
one of these roadblocks manned by four centaur-type crea-
tures. They want some sort of payment to let the wraiths
pass. If any wraiths are looking around to see if the centaurs
have any reinforcements hiding nearby, a successful Percep-
tion + Alertness roll allows them to spot several others hid-
ing among the trees. It is probably best to just pay the toll.
The centaurs will originally ask for four points of Pathos (one
for each of them), but they can be talked down to accepting
one point of Pathos (with good roleplaying of a hot bargain-
ing session) or a minor relic. If the characters threaten or
harm them, however, they and their seven friends attack.

Plasmic entities, Legendaries (11)
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

A Special Note: If the characters come to
wearing collars and a

the club as captives,

companied by a Legionnaire or two, the recep
tion will be far less friendly. The guards will try
to delay them long enough to consult with
Sandy, and if they are allowed inside, as soon
as Soup sees them, he'll make a run for it. The
Storyteller will have to run a cha
the characters will have to force Soup to tell
them what he knows. He won't do it unless he's
granted amnesty by the Legionnaire(s)

e scene, and

Abilities: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Intimidation 2, Tracking 4
Arcanos: Argos 3, and either Keening 3, Moliate 3, Outrage 3,
or Usury 3
Willpower: 7
Pathos: 6
Angst: N/A
Corpus: 7
Equipment: None

Once the centaurs have achieved their objective (re-
ceived Pathos or a relic), they break off the confrontation
and flee. Each centaur will attempt to get something from
the characters. Even if the characters win, they should be
fairly depleted by the end of the fight

However, if the characters are willing to deal with the
centaurs and think to ask the creatures for their help, the
Legendaries will offer to alert them of any pursuit, so that
the characters will have warning that someone is after them,

Scene Seven: The inferno

Once they make it past the roadblock, they can reach
the club within a matter of minutes. It is a small building
that looks like a beaten-up, old, roadside honkytonk. Sev-
eral wraiths bearing weapons stand around outside the club
and lots of vehicles are pulled up next to the building. The
Inferno is a club where anyone can come and talk, listen to
music or make deals without interference — if they can find
its location. It doesn't matter if the clientele is Hierarchy,
Renegade, Heretic or independent, they are welcome so long
as they leave the other factions alone, cause no trouble and
agree to patrol the exterior and protect the club from Spec-
tres and other dangerous denizens of the Tempest. The club
is run by an independent wraith named Sandy Wong. Some
wraiths believe Sandy is actually a spy for the Dark King-
dom of Jade, though no one has ever been able to prove
anything.


When the characters arrive, black, heavy rain is pour-
ing down, making the exterior of the club seem more dilapi-
dated than ever. Black mud squishes underfoot as the char-
acters walk to the door. None of the guards bother them.
Rock music blares out when the door is opened. The inte-
rior of the club is somewhat dark; several wraiths sit hunched
over tables and talk. Sandy moves back and forth from the
bar to various tables, stopping to talk for a moment, then
moving on.

They can spot Soup sitting alone at a table on the far
side of the room. If they try to attack him, the characters
will be jumped by every other wraith in the room and es-
corted from the premises. If they approach quietly, Soup will
see them and wave them over as though he were their best
friend and hasn't put them through hell. If they tell him
about all their trouble or accuse him of framing them, he'll
seem genuinely surprised and hurt. He'll explain that he
thought the Legionnaires would realize the characters had
nothing to do with it, but having them explain things would
take enough time for him to slip away into the Tempest. He
tells them how they can be rid of the crystal — they must
freely give it away, and the person they give it to must freely
accept it — but tells them that it can be used to locate the
mask.

Soup explains why everyone is after them (if they haven't
found out why yet). He was hired to steal the Smiling Lord's
mask by someone named Revel, who is the leader of a Far
Shores realm known as the Summercountry. He refuses to
take the crystal back himself, saying that he's out of it at this
point. Ifany of the characters are becoming severely depleted,
Soup offers to pump them up with a couple of points of Pa-
thos or to heal up a couple of points of damage to theit Cor-
pus as long as they let him go. He suggests that if they want
to clear their names, they should go to the Summercountry
and retrieve the mask.

Overhearing their discussion, another wraith comes to
the characters' table and introduces himself as Burgess. Bur-
gess is a slumming centurion. Burgess tells the characters
that they must recover the Deathlord's mask and explains
that it allows the Deathlord to guide and control the emo-
tions and beliefs of those under his command (his legions,
underlings and thralls) to help fight off Maelstroms. He ex-
plains that the Deathlord's loss of the mask means that one
seventh of Stygia's normal defenses are gone or inoperative
and this will allow the Maelstrom and the Spectres who ride
within the Maelstrom entry into the realm. He adds that if
Stygia falls, itis quite likely thar all of the rest of the realms
and Necropoli will also go under, dragging everyone into
Oblivion.

Ac this point, if the characters made arrangements with
the centaurs, they hear horns being blown, warning them
that someone is on the way: If they made no arrangements,

The Sea of Shadows

they suddenly hear fighting coming from outside as Legion-
naires break the neutrality and attack the guards to get into
the club. Sandy asks the characters to leave. If they don't,
the other wraiths make it clear they'll throw them to the
Legionnaires. If they agree to go, Sandy sneaks them out the
back way. While the guards keep the Legionnaires occupied,
they reach their vehicle (if they have one) and leave, using
the crystal as a guide for the route they need to take.

Ifasked, Soup tells them that he got into the Deathlord's
palace while the Deathlord was sleeping by disguising him-
self asa Legionnaire. Once there, he used Moliate to change
his face to look like the Smiling Lord, helped himself to the
mask, stole some relic clothing that belonged to the Smiling
Lord and walked out. No guards stopped him because they
never looked closely at him. Being an honest thief, more
interested in his ability to do something than in getting the
most wealth or power out of it, he traveled to a prearranged
meeting place where he met with Revel and turned the mask
over to him. Revel paid him the agreed upon price and left.
That was when he discovered that the crystal had attached
itself to him. Within moments, he was being chased by Le-
gionnaires led by packs of barghests. He fled to the
Shadowlands. While there, he remembered an old rumor
about homing beacons that some of the Deathlords place on
their property, so he located the characters and gave them
the crystal. If they have any doubts, he can tell them that no
one will ever be able to take a Deathlord's household by sur
prise in sucha way again. Audacity like that only works once
(if it works at all).

Scene Eight: Meeting with the Ferryman

Whenever the group tums onto the road toward the
Summercountry, they notice a small boat with a lit lantern
hooked on its prow. The craft rocks gently as a robed and
cowled figure steps out of it and into their path. He holds up
a hand for them to stop. Alll the characters should recognize
one of the enigmatic Ferrymen. If they stop, he asks if he
may speak with them for a moment. If they agree, he tells
them the following:

‘A Maelstrom is on the way. Because the Smiling Lord'
mask has been taken, thus weakening his power to compel
belief from his minions, the Spectres and whatever Malfeans
they serve have decided to make a preemptive strike to try
to destroy Stygia and the other realms of the Underworld. It
is quite possible that they will succeed unless the mask is
returned to its proper owner. It is possible that Stygia might
be able to withstand the assault, but in the past, all of their
strength has been needed to turn aside the fury of the Mael-
strom. It is also possible that Stygia might be destroyed, but
other realms might survive. If Stygia falls, survival of other
realms is questionable at best. In any case, it is the group's
choice whether they will recover the mask and return it,


whether they'll let the one who now
try to claim it for themselves. He tells them he has muddled
the byway so that their pursuers will be confused and lose
track of them. Whatever they decide is entirely up to them;
however, he will not accept the crystal if it is offered to him.
Nor will he take the characters to the S

as it keep it or if they'll

mmercountry

He cautions them that they should keep old wives' tales
concerning the faerielands in mind when visiting the
Summercountry and notallow themselves to become trapped
there. He adds that as the Maelstrom builds, many byways
will become closed off and tells them to think of a spiral
path home. Without explaining these cryptic statements, he
then steps back into his boat and poles slowly away.

If they choose not to stop and listen to him, he does not
force them to do so. He simply gets back in his boat and
leaves. They will probably notice, however, that soon after
this meeting, the sounds of their pursuers fade and are gone.

Scene Nine: To the Summercountry

With the diminishing sound of the howling
on their trail in the distance and the lights of Stygian cruis-
ers cutting through the waters in search of them moving far-

ghests

ther and farther away, the characters can follow the crystal's
pulsing onto a byway which runs to the Summercountry. The
byway appears to be a road of moonlight cast by a full moon
(actually cast by a large nihil) that shines down into the
water. If they are swimming or in a boat, the channel is sim-
if they are walking or in a
vehicle, though it looks watery, the moonlit road is quite
solid. It stretches out toward the horizon. Pounding waves
and screaming winds occasionally chop it into bits and clouds
passing in front of the moon make the road insubstantial for
amoment. Whenever this happens, all the wraiths must make
Willpower rolls or begin sinking into the sea. Those who
friends.

After about an hour of travel, a green island app
ahead. Trees and grass cover the island and a beautiful wa-
terfall flows down a cliff into a sparkling pool. The scent of
green grass and honeysuckle perfumes the air. Sunlight warms
the scene. Wraiths in colorful clothing, with flowers in their

ply a warmer, moonlit passé

succeed can rescue their unluc!

hair, dance
armloads of bright apple:
by those not dancing. C
be heading for an opening in the
ene from some medieval fantasy of faerieland.

and frolic on the shore. Huge bunches of grapes,
and brown nuts are being gathered
tic music fills the air. All seem to
reen hillside. It seems like

as


When the characters reach the Summercountry, they
move out of the storm for the first time in the adventure.
The wraiths on shore greet them with melodious voices, call-
ing for them to join in the feast. Deer approach and nuzzle
the characters' hands and birds land on their shoulders. All
around them, beautiful, smiling wraiths entreat them to
dance or help pick fruits or go meet with the elfin king, Revel,
the Lord of Misrule. Though the storm rages with ever greater
intensity all around their island, the beings on the island
seem unaware of it. Fine clothes are brought and the charac-
ters are urged to put them on.

They will most likely make for the opening into the hill-
side. A spiral pathway, lit by glass lamps holding thousands
of fireflies, winds down into a great feasthall, where tables
that are groaning with food are set up. Bright banners are
hung from the ceiling. Music pours out from several small
groups who play within niches that line the path on the way
down. Wonderful smells of rich foods and heady perfume
emanate from below. Dozens of wraiths sit at the tables, laugh-
ing, talking, eating and drinking. At the high table sits a
handsome, blond-haired man with pointed ears. He is dressed
in the most elaborate costume they have seen yet, with a
puffed, white undershirt, a green velvet tunic with long,
dagged sleeves, orange trousers, and knee-length, brown
boots. He wears a jeweled, gold crown on his head and car-
ries a rapier slung at his belt. Hung behind him on the
tapestried wall is a shield with a pair of crossed spears. There
is no mask in evidence.

As they enter, they are greeted by Revel, who asks them
if they have come to join him. From what they have seen of
the apparent paradise, they might be tempted. It truly is their
decision what they do, but before they decide one way or
another, give each character a chance to notice the weari-
ness and sadness in the inhabitants' eyes. Their appearance
is almost, but not quite, covered up by their expressions of
cheerfulness and gaiety. The characters should make a Per-
ception + Alertness roll (difficulty 8) to notice this. If they
are successful, they will begin to notice that all the revelry
seems a little forced and stilted as though many of them are
acting in a drama without knowing what their lines are.

Revel will call for a welcoming drink and goblets of
sweet-smelling wine are given to the characters. Revel asks
that they all drink to the Summercountry. At this point, the
characters should remember the Ferryman's cautions. Just
like in all the old tales, if they eat or drink anything while in
the Summercountry, they become trapped there and cannot
leave. They will spend the rest of their existence in forced
revelry, forgetting their Fetters and Passions in the never-
ending sunshine and plenty of the Summercountry, where
all cares are laid aside. Unless they are rescued, they will
remain there forever (or as long as the Summercountry holds
out against the Maelstrom). Each character should be given

aroll on Intelligence + Faerie Lore (if she has it) (difficulty
6) or Occult (difficulty 7) or Etiquette, if she has no Faerie
Lore or Occult, (difficulty 8) to figure out that she shouldn't
eat or drink anything. On the other hand, outright refusal is
a terrible insult to the host and could cause the wraiths gath-
ered around them to attack them. It is best if they repeat the
toast and acknowledge the sentiment, but don't drink the
wine. This, of course, is the perfect time for their Shadows
to really act up and cause all sorts of trouble.

After the toast, they are invited to sit at the head table
with Revel, who wants to know why they have come to the
Summercountry. They are offered every delectable food imag-
inable, and it is clear that it would taste wonderful. If they
just taste the tiniest morsel, they will experience a rapture
which they have been denied since their deaths. Of course,
this is just another attempt to entrap them, Wraiths who
truly miss the experiences of their living days will be sorely
tempted, however, and might need to roll Willpower (or even
spend a point) to deny themselves.

If the wraith with the crystal tries to use it to pinpoint
the location of the mask, the crystal indicates the shield be-
hind Revel's throne. The mask is actually hung on the wall
beneath the shield and is hidden by it.

They can talk to Revel about the mask, telling him the
truth of why they are there or they can try to lie and hope to
be able to distract him and his court later, long enough for
them to steal the mask and make a run for it. Whichever
plan they want to try, the Storyteller will have to adjust the
scenario to take it all into account. Revel does not realize
that a Maelstrom is building up, nor does he know what ef-
fect the loss of the mask will have. He hates Stygia, but a
very persuasive argument which points out that his own realm
might be destroyed by a Maelstrom might move him to give
the mask back.

Any attempt to take the mask by force will result in a
massive melee. The characters will eventually lose; brought
down by sheer numbers. Revel also possesses a rapier made
of Stygian steel, with which he is quite proficient. The char-
acters could be killed, or they might be overcome and dropped
into the lower caverns where they must fight off horrible
Spectre-like dwarves and trolls to survive. The passages be-
low are lightless and wind about in confusing mazes. The
only real way out is for the wraith to suicide, in effect delib-
rately lose all of her Corpus so that Spectres appear and
take her to the Labyrinth for a Destruction Harrowing. If
she survives it, she will find herself back at one of her Fetters
and recover as many levels of Corpus as she has Stamina.

Should some of them try to steal the mask while others
divert the court's attention, the Storyteller will have to de-
cide how successful a diversion they create and whether any
guards are left in the banquet hall. Diversions may range
from challenges to impromptu performances of music or plays.

In truth, the wraiths of the Summercountry are abysmally
bored and can be induced to watch almost any kind of spec-
tacle in an attempt to entertain themselves. The characters
might even challenge Revel for possession of the mask, en-
gaging in duels, dance contests, riddle games or anything
else that seems appropriate

The mask itself is fairly lightweight, but large in the
manner of ancient Greek drama masks. When first taken, it
appears to be made of Stygian steel and has a death's
silvery metal emblazoned on it (the "smile" of the Smiling
Lord). The mask changes constantly; first assuming the as-
ed old man, next looking like the joyous face
of a young girl. It has monstrous aspects as well; no two as-

pect of a

pects are the same. Likewise, it appears to change what it is
made of, first becoming inlaid wood, then altering into jade
or coral, then becoming bright, burnished gold. The only
constants seem to be its size and relative mass.

Act Ill: Return
Scene Jen: The Way is Closed

Once the wraiths have the mask, regardless of how they
acquired it, they will need to leave the Summercountry. The
mask will have become bonded to a character who does not
have the crystal. It makes its own choice as to which charac-
ter should carry it. The Storyteller should choose a ch:

ter that hasn't had as much to do or who is quieter than the
others to be the recipient so that player can get some time in
the limelight. When they near the shoreline, either going
back for their vehicle or preparing to take a byway out of the
realm, they can see that hurricane-force winds and tsunami-
ing on the shore. Sheets of greasy rain,

sized waves are brea
redolent with the charnel stench of death, pour down just
offshore. There is no sign of a byway. Orienteering calls no
byways into being, nor do any other Argos powers seem to
work. They cannot travel to their Haunts or Fetters either,
as all roads and channels have been cut or destroyed by the
rising fury of the Maelstrom.

Any wraith who succeeds at a Perception + Alertness
roll (difficulty 6) notices a glimmer of light near the edge of
the shore. If they investigate, they find a lit lantern of the
kind that Ferrymen carry. Though it flickers alittle, the wind
does not blow it out and the rain doesn't extinguish it. A
rolled-up parchment is thrust through one of the iron cross-
pieces. It says, "Remember the spiraling way."

If any wraith has Wraith Lore or Underworld History or
can make a successful roll on Intelligence + Enigmas or
Occult (difficulty 7), she can remember that Charon used to
utilize the Labyrinth to travel when all other ways were
closed. He went down into the Venous Stair, which is lo-


cated very close to Stygia. It is up to the wraiths to decide if
they want to try to get to Stygia via the Labyrinth.

This should be a terrifying thought. There is no guaran-
tee that any of them will make it through. In the lightless
depths, they may meet the most horrible end wraiths can
imagine — and they will, unless they all work together. As
they contemplate whether to do it or not, the water just off-
shore begins to churn itself into an enormous whirlpool
Horrible screams of terror and anguish emanate from the
depths of the whirlpool, and black-rayed figures with glow-
ing red eyes can be seen riding the spirals from the depths
below to the surface. A deep, resonating gong begins to sound,
echoing through the air from all directions — the gongs that
warn that a Great Maelstrom is on the way:

If the characters hesitate, they see that the whirlpool
begins to diminish, closing up and moving out to sea. They
have one chance to jump into it before it closes and is gone.
If they neglect to pick up the Ferryman's light, the only illu-
mination they have in the Labyrinth is that provided by the
Spectres' red, gleaming eyes. The Spectres immediately at-
tack wraiths who are not protected by either the light or by
a Castigate power which keeps them at bay. The characters
are sucked down into the heart of the whirlpool and depos-
ited in a cavernous place with thousands of tunnel:
ways and dark openings leading out of it. They line the floor,
walls and ceiling. Spectres line every path. The character's
Shadows begin to whisper to them that giving in is so much
easier, that joining the Spectres is the sure way to win and
prolong their existences. Their Shadows try to force them to
drop the light, to split up, to run away, to do anything but
walk bravely among the denizens of the Labyrinth, lanterns
held high.

As they pass through the ranks of Spectres, each char-
acter must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 7). If the char-
acter succeeds, she may travel on unharmed by the Spectres,
If she fails, she is grabbed by all the Spectres close to her,
They drag her off to be Harrowed, Other members of her
group can elect to go with the unfortunate wraith and try to
help save her. If she overcomes the Harrowing, she (and
anyone who went with her) is returned to the group.

Should one of the group think to don the mask, she
must make a Willpower roll (difficulty 9) to control it. Uti-

zing the mask allows the wraith to imbue her companions
with Willpowers of 9, unless their own is already higher, to
resist the Spectres.

Ifa wraith botches the roll, the four Spectres who are
closest to her attack. She finds that she cannot defend her-
selfagainst them. Dodging doesn't work and Brawling doesn't
help, Her arms become insubstantial and can neither harm
the Spectres nor ward off their attacks. Each successful at-
tack by a Spectre rips a portion of her Corpus away, replac-
ing it with the cold nothingness of Oblivion. If all of her


Corpus is lost in this manner, she undergoes a Destruction
Harrowing. She becomes a Spectre if she fails and immedi-
ately turns on the nearest member of her Circle. The only
way to fend off the Spectres is for the other members of the
group to interpose themselves between the Spectres and their
intended victim and fight for her. If they do so, the Spectres
each make one attack against the defender(s), then with-
draw. Their damage only causes one point of normal damage
against a defender. Characters must make one roll every hour:
The Spectres don't seem to be able to take the mask away
directly, though if they can force the wraith into a Harrow-
ing, they target the mask as the Quarry for the Harrowing. If
the character loses the mask in the nightmare ride, she can
spend a Willpower point to lose something else instead (one
of her Passions ot Fetters). She is then returned to the group,
and the Spectres try attacking all over again an hour later.

The wraiths can find their way through by successful
use of Argos Orienteering or by following the flame of the
lantern as it flickers. It leans toward the correct path, show-
ing them the way. The journey takes five hours. Great rum-
blings can be heard overhead as though the Underworld is
tearing itself apart, and whole troops of Spectres fly past them,
heading toward whatever realm they are invading. The wind
scteams through the tunnels, and the way is slippery with
liquid that seems to be a combination of blood and bile. The
Spectres whisper threats and promises to them as they pass.
The gong never ceases its slow tolling.

Scene Eleven: Styia

After five hours, the Spectres all whoop and scream with
delight, shrieking out that Stygia has fallen. They dance and
caper madly, scooping the characters up off the stairsways
and whirling them through the air while yelling, "Join us!
Join us! We have won!" The lantern's light begins to fail.
This is really the characters' last test. If they try to make it
and refuse to join the Spectres, they can push through and
begin the climb up the Venous Stair. As they climb, the light
brightens again.

a

When they emerge, they find the way guarded by an
entire Legion awaiting an invasion of Spectres. They mis-
take the characters for Spectres and move to attack. The
wraiths will have to deflect the attack by showing them the
mask or yelling to let them know they are here to help Stygia
Though the Legionnaires will remain suspicious, the char-
acters will be escorted to the Smiling Lord's palace

The Deathlord's palace is a grim, steel castle with leer-
ing gargoyles and jagged crenellations. It is surrounded by a
moat of boiling blood, fed from spouts which line the roof-
top. Another whole Legion surrounds the palace. They are
armed and armored with Stygian steel.

Once inside, they are led to a small audience room where
a cloaked and cowled figure sits atop a blood red throne.
They are allowed to approach and kneel, and once he has
given them leave to speak, they can relinquish the crystal
and mask to him. If they are collared slaves at this point, the
Smiling Lord will offer them positions within his forces and
order that their collars be removed. If they made it this far
on their own, he will reward them with a minor Artifact
each for their service to him and offer them places within
his forces. If they refuse his offer, they had better do so grace-
fully and for reasons other than their dislike of Stygia

He then dismisses them, dons his mask, and moves to
take up a position in defense of Stygia. There is a terrible
onslaught of Spectres and storm, and the characters may
choose either to help battle the Maelstrom or to find safety
within the walls of the Deathlord's palace. Stygia will win
since their return of the mask enabled all the Deathlords to
coordinate their defenses. Had they not returned the mask,
Stygia would have been lacking one-seventh of her defenses,
and the city might have fallen. The Maelstrom itself, though
mighty, dies down to a lesser storm, making it more easily
fought and less damaging than it would have been (from a
Level Seven Maelstrom to a Level Three).

As the black mists of the Maelstrom lift, they can see a
single Ferryman standing in his lanternless boat in the har-
bor. He nods to them and slowly sails away.

Chapter Four: Adrift on the Sea of Shadows



A: and the Tempest

A lot is said about the Argos Arcanos throughout the
book. It is the Arcanos that is most directly involved with
the Tempest, allowing wraiths to travel through it and find
their way from place to place. However, it is not the only
Arcanos that is useful in the Sea of Shadows. Many of the
basic Arcanos powers are helpful. Some of these are:

Castigate

This power is one of the best tools available for dealing
with character's Shadows and for holding Spectres at bay.
One of the basic Abilities is Bulwark, which can help pro-
tect wraiths from the fury of Maelstroms.

Fatalism

Foreknowledge of danger is certainly a tool not to be
scoffed at, especially in the Tempest; however, knowing some-
thing about one's past or the role one should play in a given
situation should not be overlooked either. Having such
knowledge might even help the character fight her Shadow
or overcome a Harrowing.

Appendix: The
erryman s Sack

inhabit

‘This Art allows wraiths to claim/objects/in the living
world. When those objects are destroyed, they become rel-
ies. Though not suggested as a way to make money or pro-
vide themselves with relic goods, this does provide a means
whereby the-characters might acquire some tool or piece of
equipment they must have to effectively maneuver through

The Book of Lost Arcanos

‘There are a few Arcanos that are known only to certain
gtoups of people. Some of them should be impossible for
player characters to ever learn; others could be discovered
during play or taught to them as special rewards by those
who know them. The so-called Lost Arcanos are as follows:

Argos

we Tempest Runt

Tempest Run allows a wraith to try to run ahead of a
Maelstrom, utilizing the winds and waves in the vanguard of
the storm to shove her along at an accelerated pace. While
this is only attempted by the foolhardy, it can be the only
chance a wraith has of outrunning the full effects of the Tem-
pest if she is caught too far away from her Haunt.

Appendix: The Ferryman's Sack

System: The player must roll Stamina + Argos (diffi
culty 8).
Maelstrom without being harmed by it for a distance equiva-

ich success means she has managed to use the

lent to an hour's travel (standard time). If she gains five suc-
cesses, the wraith is able to use the force of the Maelstrom to
travel almost instantaneously to her Haunt, where she can
prepare for the storm's onslaught. Failure indicates that the
wraith has not managed to keep in the vanguard, but has
begun toslip into the Maelstrom itself, taking whatever dam-
age the storm causes (see p. 200 in Wraith: The Oblivion).
A botch results in the wraith being sucked into the heart of
the Maelstrom where she is instantly destroyed and consigned
to Oblivion.

The character must spend
power point to enact this art.

» Moving Haunt

This powerful Arcanos allows wraiths to create a Mov-
ing Haunt from a relic vehicle such wagon or ship.
Coupled with © Lifeweb (Splice Strand), Moving Haunt
changes the vehicle from a relic into an Artifact, meaning it
does not need to be powered by Pathos to move. The Mov-
ing Haunt has all the advantages of a normal Haunt (mak-
ing Arcanos used within it easier, providing protection from
Maelstroms, etc.) and has the advantage of being able to
move between the realms and the Shadowlands and through
the Tempest. The vehic
originally, and itis still subject to destruction. The wraiths
who utilize this Arcanos to make their wagons into Mov-
able Haunts do not share their knowledge of this with out-
siders and hunt down those who manage to steal the knowl-
edge.

Castigate

vo Sradovr Suttons

With this Arcanos, Archangelics call out a wraith's
Shadow and force it into combat against itself. In effect, this
pulls the Shadow self to the foreftont and suppresses the
psyche of the wraith. The Shadow is then attacked by the
Archangelic, who attempts to purify it through wounding it
with soul-cleansing fire from a flaming sword. While it often
serves to destroy the Shadow, the method usually results in
the destruction of the wraith as well. Archangelics take the
soul-stuff and use it to make other flaming swords.
Archangelics do not teach this Arcanos to others, but there
are rumors that certain powerful Pardoners are familiar with
it.

Pathos point and a Will-

s made no stronger than it was


System: The user tolls his Charisma + Castigate (the
difficulty is the subject's permanent Angst score). Success
means the user has called forth the Shadow and may do battle
with it; failure indicates that the user is unable to summon
the Shadow. A borch means that the user cannot discern
the Shadow within the wraith at all. He becomes subject to
an attack from a horde of Spectres as soon as he leaves the
vicinity of the wraith whose Shadow he tried to summon.

This costs two Pathos points and one Willpower point

to use.

Fatalism
Fated Course

This art enables the wraith to look at her future and
ers. This is often

choose a course based on what she disco
used (and misused) in the wraith's dealings with others, but
itis also quite useful for finding one's way through the Tem-
pest in the absence of the Argos Arcanos. The wraith can
still only use a Pathos point to change direction, but by uti-
lizing Fated Course, the wraith now knows in what direc-
tion a byway lies and a little about what awaits her as she
travels toward it or upon it.

System: The wraith must roll Charisma + Fatalism (dif-
ficulty 6). For every success, she discovers one more piece of
information (the way to.a byway, where the byway goes, what
creatures lie between her and the byway, what she can ex-
pect to find there, etc.). Failure means she learns nothing
and a botch indicates that she learns false information (the
wrong way; if any creatures are there; that she will be at-
tacked by creatures when, in fact, she won't, etc.).

Use of this art costs two Pathos points (aside from the
one spent to change direction).

Keening
Spectre Song

This we

ird art allows the wraith to moan and scream
like a Spectre. This can cause fear in other wraiths, and they
may believe that Spectres are about to attack, especially if
they only hear the sound rather than see the wraith who is
making it. It is a horrible, nerve-grating shriek and can also
be used to briefly fool s into believing that the wraith
is one of them. Spectres who believe the wraith will not at-
tack her for one s

pect

en

System: The wraith rolls Manipulation + Keening. The
difficulty to fool Shades is 7, for Dopplegangers the difficulty
is 8 and for Nephwracks and Malfeans, the difficulty is 9. It is
only effective for a short time, as there are other clues that


the wraith is not a Spectre. She does not radiate the black
rays of Oblivion and she shines with Pathos. After their ini-
tial assessment of the character based on her song, Spectres
will realize they've been fooled. The wraith is advised to use
the song to gain time to flee the area. The art costs 2 Pathos

to use.

Moliate
 Binbed

Essentially, this is a variation on Martialry (also a #¢#
Moliate skill). It allows a wraith to embed objects within
her Corpus that can be used as a weapon to increase damage
in combat. Once embedded, the objects are permanently
bound into the wraith permanently unless Moliate is used to
remove them. The things which are to be embedded must
have substance in the Underworld (i.e, relics, plasm or Arti-
facts), and must be capable of harming wraiths (such as
swords, knives, etc.). If the items are made of Stygian steel,
they can inflict aggravated damage on a wraith and increase
the wraith's damage on a successful strike by one die. This
Arcanos is most often used by Spectres, especially by those
who live in the Sea of Broken Glass and embed slivers of
Stygian steel in their bodies.

System: The wraith must roll Stamina + Moliate (diffi-
culty is Strength + 2). Each success allows the wraith to
embed another small object into his Corpus. Failure indi-
cates that the wraith has harmed himself with the object
rather than embedding it, causing a temporary loss of
Strength + 2 levels of Corpus. A borch means that the wraith
has caused Strength + 2 levels of aggravated damage to him-
self

The Sunless Sea is an abysmally dark
place, and any lights within it (those car-
ried by wraiths, held in vehicles or shin-
ing from the shores of various realms)

glitter and sparkle, throwing off reflections for miles and
miles. This makes it hard for those who would prefer a little

more anonymity or secrecy to pass unnoticed while in the
Sunless Sea. The Soul-Pirates of the Far Shores have devel-
oped an Artifact known as a Darklight. A Darklight burns
with a reddish glow that illuminates the immediate area but
casts no brilliant reflections, meaning it is not visible from a
long distance away. They utilize their Darklights to get within

The Sea of Shadows


striking distance of their victims without revealing them-
selves. The light can only be seen from about 50 yards away.
When they get so close that other wraiths might become
aware of their presence, the Soul-Pirates cover their
Darklights with darkened globes, smothering their illumi-
nation.

Ferrynans Lantern

This small iron and glass lantern holds a candle that is
always kept lit. Most often seen hung from the prow of a
Ferryman's boat, the Artifact provides light in dark places,
no matter how dark and oppressive they are, even in the
Labyrinth. Furthermore, it keeps Spectres at bay as long as
those who shelter within its rays maintain their courage (a
Willpower roll with a difficulty of 9 is needed to do so).
nally, if someone is holding the lantern and wants to find
her way to an unknown destination, the flame of the candle
within the lantern flickers in the direction she needs to take.

life jacket

This handy artifact is a one-use item, but it can save a
wraith from destruction. If a wraith wears the Life Jacket,
she can avoid losing her last point of Corpus for one
Essentially, the Life Jacket holds the wraith together long
enough to allow her to try to escape or take some other ac-
tion to prevent herself from going to zero Corpus and hay-
ing to undergo a Destruction Harrowing. She is at one point
of Corpus, however, and is highly vulnerable. If she has not
significantly changed her options within ten minutes of hav-
ing activated the Life Jacket, its power reserves are gone and
it crumbles to dust. The Life Jacket need not be an actual
jacket and is not the ugly, orange, boating jacket one usually
associates with the name. It can be any piece of clothing
that the wraith wears, If the wraith is not wearing the jacket
at the time that she loses all of her Corpus, it does not save
her. There aren't scores of these jackets being handed out in
the Underworld. They are very valuable and usually only
awarded to those who are of great service to the Deathlords.
Those wraiths who have Life Jackets do not advertise the
fact and would fight fiercely to retain them for themselves.

ene.

Shadow Mirror

Shadow Mirrors are made from burnished Stygian steel.
They are black and show only a shadowy reflection of the
wraith who looks into one. After a moment of gazing in the
mirror, a strange reflection appears within it. The reflection
vaguely resembles the wraith, but the image is more twisted
and sinister. It may be more appealing and compelling as
well. This is the wraith's Shadow. The wraith may converse
with her Shadow and it will appear as though the figure in
the mirror answers back. However, there is no guarantee that
the wraith will not fall prey to her Shadow's blandishments.

When the wraith is undergoing the Castigation power
of Purify, looking in the mirror assists the Castigator by mak-
ing the wraith's Shadow more accessible. This decreases the
Castigator's difficulty level by one. Ifa wraith looks into her
Shadow Mirror when interacting with an Archangelic, the
Archangelic believes the "evil" portion of the wraith is in
the mirror and attacks the looking glass rather than the char-
acter. If the mirror is shattered when the Shadow has been
called into it, the wraith takes a one die Corpus level in
damage. As usual, she can soak as using her Stamina.

Tempest Compass

‘A Tempest Compass is useful for finding the best way
through the Tempest. Though most wraiths utilize byways
to travel through the Tempest, they are occasionally cut or
wraiths are diverted from them. Some Shifting Zones creep
up on wraiths and turn them around so that they no longer
know what direction they are going. In all of these instances,
a Tempest Compass provides a guide for finding the way back
to the place they need to be or relocating the byway. Using
the Tempest Compass with Orienteering to relocate a proper
position reduces the time that it would normally take by half
and keeps the wraith from striking off in the wrong direc-
tion if she botches. Tempest Compasses are not as rare as
Life Jackets, but cost as much as a rare relic. Tempest Com-
passes are strangely susceptible to Maelstroms and tend to
go haywire whenever a Maelstrom is brewing in the vicinity.
It is rumored that the Ferrymen's boats have Tempest Com-
passes woven into them and that those compasses are unaf-
fected by Maelstrom interference.


in the Swirling Mists of Shadow

The Sea of Shadows is a lake of cold fire, burning through a wraith's self-delusions
and setting flame to her Passions. It is a sea, not of murky, viscous water but of
souls, and every drop is the pure essence of emotion. Foul Spectres lurk in its
depths and enigmatic Ferrymen patrol the byways in search of lost souls. Who
knows what else may await in the inky depths below?

From the Twiliht of the Sou

The Sea of Shadows provides Storytellers with a complete overview of the
geography of the Tempest, as well as additional information on storytelling
Harrowings. Also included is a complete, ready-to-run adventure centered on
the nightmarish realm known as the Sea of Shadows.

The Sea of Shadows:
A Storyteller's Guide to the Tempest includes:

¢ New guidelines for how to run Harrowings

* Complete information on the geography of the Tempest

* A complete adventure exploring the depths of the Sea of Shadows

780 PARK NORTH BOULEVARD ISBN 1-56504-612-9
ole WW6006 $12.00

CLARKSTON, GEORGIA 30021 Z 90000
CAME STUDIO |

A 0 ATURE
