# File: The Inquisition.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Deus Vult

And the angel spoke unto me, in a strong voice, crying, Many are the children of the Dragon, the Serpent, the great Satan, and
they are among you now. I tell you, Servants of Christ, that the Parousia is near, that the Second Coming cometh soon. Stronger still
grow the children of the Dragon, and they multiply, and they are a wound unto the earth. And we are the balm for this wound, we must
cleanse it with fire, and purify it, and then the earth shall be ready for the Parousia, and we shall be judged worthy.

— Leopold of Murnau, The Testament of Leopold

The Inquisition has been accused of cruelty, fanaticism and worse, but its members shrug off the charges. They know that
horrors walk the Earth, stalking mortals and slaying humans for their own pleasure. That, however, is not their worst evil.
These beings threaten more than just the human body — their target is nothing less than the human soul. To battle them
requires the Inquisition use every tool, no matter how repulsive or offensive.

It is God's will.

by James Estes

Credits:

Written By: Jim Estes

Developed By: Andrew Greenberg

Edited By: Ethan Skemp

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Mike Chaney, James Daly, Nick Ruskin, Ron Spencer
Bront Cover: William O'Connor

Back Cover: Ash Arnett

Author's Acknowledgements & Dedication

1 would like to thank many people, including anyone
who helped, advised, or put up with me during the writing
of this book, chief among them:

Andrew Greenberg, for showing such Faith, Hope, and
Charity in his role as developer;

The cats, for staying up late with me;

Jonathan Spangler, for his assistance with Latin phras-
ing (blame him if its wrong!) and for The Mission;

Thomas Walker, for all that cannot be said in words.

Dedicated to everyone who has kept their Faith in spite
of it all.

og

Pied SUITE 100
heed 730 Park NORTH BLVD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

CAME STUDIO

© 1995 by White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher in expressly forbidden, except for the purpose
of reviews. The Inquisition and Vampire The Mas-
querade are trademarks of White Wolf, Inc. All
characters, names, places and text herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf, Inc.

The mention of, or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
mark or copyright concerned.

Because of the mature themes involved, reader
discretion is advised.
Printed in Canada

Special Thanks to:

Andrew "Freeeee!" Greenberg, for giving White Wolf
the pink slip.

Jennifer "What Did You Do To Me" Hartshorn, for
taking my place with skill and aplomb.

Ken "Butt Print" Cliffe, for his indelible contribution
to my retirement party.

Bill "Early Bird" Bridges, for keeping the other early
guests out of my hair.

Phil "Mad Man" Brucato, for livening up the festivities
in his own inimitable fashion.

Mike "Crash Master" Tinney, for his expert skill at
invitations.

Rebecca "On Your Knees!" Schaeffer, for taking care of
those invitees.

Louvie "Backup" Locklear, because she would have
taken care of them if Rebecca hadn't.

Cynthia "Bemused I" Summers, for her opinion of the
videos.

Laura "Bemused II" Perkinson, for the same.

Ben "Chinatown" Monk, for showing me just how
much we have in common.

Christian "Smooches" Naberhaus, for all his partying
good will.

Eli, Brad, Josh, Wes, Christian, Diane, Sarah, Rob,
Fred, Emory, Quintessential Mercy, Blue Blood and ev-
eryone else at the final bash.

And, especially, Kelly "Winnebago Warrior" Norwood,
for everything.

Word from the White Wolf Game Studio

By the time you read these words (or is it "this Word?")
I'll no longer be with White Wolf. Yes, an actual human
being writes these words, and for the Vampire line it has
been me, Andrew Greenberg. That's only one part of a
developer's job — and usually the most painless. Not this
time. I've been developing this game since 1991, back when.
the company was Stewart, Mark and myself. Now it's what
it is and I'm off to new frontiers. Goodbye and thanks for all
the letters. You can now send them to Jennifer Hartshorn,
the new Vampire developer — especially the ones about
your characters. [I'LL GET YOU FOR THIS, ANDREW!!!!
—Jen]

Tue Inquisition

quis} ion

es

Contents

Introduction 4
Chapter One: The Way ofthe Martyr 10
Chapter Two: Catechism 34
Chapter Three: Character Creation 48
Chapter Four: Storyteller's Aids 72
Chapter Five: Inquisitor Personalities 90
Appendix: Cenaculum Construction 108

Contents

iO ae

A dream is a scripture, and many scriptures are nothing but dreams.
— Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose

So often the supernatural inhabitants of the World of
Darkness view mortals as being of only secondary, or even
tertiary importance. To the Kindred, mortals are food or a
night's entertainment. The Garou tend to view mortals as
little more than a plague infesting Gaia. To many mages,
humans range from children in need of guidance to cows in
need of a cowherd. Always, the humans are something less,
something weaker; rarely a factor worth much serious con-
sideration.

Not so with the Inquisition.

For more than 700 years, the Inquisition — or, more
properly, the Society of Leopold — has weathered the storm
of the World of Darkness. Founded by a "mere mortal," the
Society has been a constant thorn in the side of the Kindred
and other denizens of the World of Darkness; a thorn that
seems ever-resistant to being pulled once and for all. The
Society has had centuries to learn and grow, and while these
centuries may mean little to some Cainites, the Society has
profited from this time.

True, humans are weak creatures at best when com-
pared to the might of an ancient Kindred or a frenzying
Garou. But these creatures face more than just humans: they
face the power of Heaven.

Whatis the Inquisition?

The Inquisition is, loosely put, the organization of
mortals dedicated (typically in the name of God) to the
eradication of supernaturals from the earth. More techni-
cally, the Inquisition refers to the Society of Leopold, an
organization not known about by most other mortals, and
not fully appreciated by supernaturals. The Society of Leopold
believes that the supernatural denizens of the World of
Darkness are all children of the Enemy, the Antichrist, and
serve as his army. The Society is preparing for the Parousia,
the Second Coming, when the final battle between the
children of God and the children of the Enemy will rage.

Theme

The theme of The Inquisition is the crusader. The
Society of Leopold sees itself as humanity's last stand against
the encroaching hordes of the World of Darkness. Inquisi-
tors are the new Crusaders; all the Earth is their Holy Land.

But theirs is a lonely struggle, bereft of the support of
those whom they would save. The general populace does not
know of the struggle, and would most likely think the
Inquisitors are mad. Inquisitors are holy knights, alienated
from their fellow mortals by their knowledge of what awaits.
Some within the Inquisition are zealots, it is true; but it is

<,

better to err on the side of caution than to let slip the
defenses of humanity.

Even when the Enemy is not clear, never forget that this
is a war: the series of battles is endless, but the true war has
not yet come. When all hell breaks loose on Earth, when the
forces of the Enemy spill across the land, and the blood of the
innocent is shed, then shall the true battle begin.

And the Inquisition will be ready.

The mood of The Inquisition is one of apocalyptic
frenzy. The Society is concerned with nothing less than the
salvation of the Earth, and has constantly been preparing for
the Parousia. It matters not that it has been waiting for the
Parousia for over seven centuries; all time is imminent in the
mind of God. What is important is that the Society is ever-
vigilant and always prepared.

The Society knows it will win this battle, but it does not
rest easy in this knowledge. Much blood will be shed, many
innocent lives lost — but all shall be done in the name of the
Lord. When the Savior returns, the Society will be ready,
sword in hand. Of course, not every story within a chronicle
should be a Gétterdémerung; too many Ragnaroks can deaden
the players and the effectiveness of a story. But there should
be an apocalyptic feeling behind it all: every auto-da-fé has
its role in the final battle, which comes closer every day.

AW

. NN
WANA DUNS

Mortal Characters

The role of the mortal witch-hunter in Vampire (and
all the Storytelling games of the World of Darkness) is one
frequently of interest to both player and Storyteller. With
this book, each will be able to add depth and breadth to their
witch-hunters, particularly those of the Society of Leopold
and the Inquisition. It is meant to give you a glimpse of the
varying and often conflicting beliefs of the members of the
Society of Leopold as well as other allied stalkers of the
supernatural. It intends to add greater character to witch-
hunters, ensure that they are used as more than simply armed
religious ze: e that the Inquisitors, in spite of their
many failings, get a fair evaluation.

This sourcebook details the Society's history and cur-
rent organization as well as its ideologies and world-views,
including a discussion of various factions with the Society.
Itcontains guidelines for creating Inquisitor, includingnew
Backgrounds, Secondary Abilities, Merits and Flaws. Fi-
nally, for those who fear that mortal characters are hopelessly
outgunned in the World of Darkness, this work discusses the
weapons of the faithful, from True Faith itself through
Theurgy, the calling of magical power from heaven, to the
use of torture.

The Inquisition is also meant to broaden the horizons
of your chronicle, adding a score of nuances to your Inquisi-
tor antagonists. Although this book focuses on the Society's

alots, and s

yy be (

6 Tue Inquisition

hunt for vampires, the Kindred are not the only targets of the
Inquisition; all the various denizens of the World of Dark-
ness have caught the Inquisitor's fervent eye. This work
should also increase the range of possibilities for players.
There is more to the Inquisitor than the commonstereotype,
and this book is meant to show the diversity within the
Inquisition.

How to Use This Book

This book is designed for Storytellers and players alike.
Players, of course, will need to learn the history of the
Inquisition in addition to the mechanics of Inquisitor cre-
ation. Players with Kindred characters might want to restrict
their reading; the Inquisition contains many layers not
grasped by its opponents. Some material contained herein is
designed for Storytellers only, and these sections are clearly
marked as such.

Storytellers are, of course, advised to read everything
within the book. They should know everything about the
Society of Leopold's and are encouraged to elabo-
rate upon it to their heart's content.

Remember, though, that the Inquisition's history is
depicted herein as written by a member of the Society of
Leopold. No doubt only a very small measure of objectivity
has been lost in the telling. Furthermore, the Society of
Leopold is some 700 years old; the history contained in this
work can only dip beneath the surface of a very deep river

which carries the experiences of hundreds of men and
women, each with their personal story to tell.

References and Inspirations

A general sourcebook that is invaluable to Inquisition
chronicles, or foranyone interested in the scope of Christian
lore, is the Dictionary of Christian Lore and Legend (J.C.
Metford, ed.).

Players or Storytellers interested in further research on
the Inquisition or the history of the Catholic Church are
also referred to the following works.

Edward Burman, Italian Dynasties
E.R. Chamberlin, The World of the Italian Renaissance
Will and Ariel Durant, The Age of Faith

Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose (both the movie
and the book)

David Hugh Farmer, The Oxford Dictionary of Saints

Francesco Guazzo, Compendium Maleficarum

John A. Hardon, S.J. Modern Catholic Dictionary

George Holmes, The Oxford Illustrated History of Medi-
eval Europe

Henry Krimerand James Sprenger, Malleus Maleficarum

Henry Lea, The Inquisition of the Middle Ages

John H. Leith, ed. Creeds of the Churches: A Reader in
Christian Doctrine from the Bible to the Present

BWW RS ine


i

John McManners, The Oxford Illustrated History of Chris-
tianity

J. Neuner, SJ. and J. Dupuis, S.J., eds. The Christian
Faith in the Doctrinal Documents of the Catholic Church

John O'Brien, The Inquisition

Geoffrey Parrinder, ed. World Religions: from Ancient
History to the Present

Jean Plaidy, The Spanish Inquisition

R.W. Southern, Western Society and the Church in the
Middle Ages (volume 2 of the Pelican History of the Church,
the entirety of which is recommended)

Lawrence Sullivan, ed. Hidden Truths: Magic, Alchemy
and the Occult

Various articles, The New Catholic Encyclopedia,
Encyclopaedia Brittanica, Collier's Encyclopedia, World Book
Encyclopedia, Encyclopedia Americana

Parlance

Abbé: the leader of a Cenaculum.

Anathema: (Greek, "accursed") general excommunication
& condemnation.

Apostasy: crime against the authority of the Inquisition.

Apostolate: the work or mission of a religious body.

Aspergill: small instrument for sprinkling holy water.

Auto-da-fé: (Portugese, "act of the faith"; plural, autos-da-
fé) ajudgement against a supernatural; usually a call for
destruction of said creature.

Breviary: a prayer-book.

Canon: 1) a particular rule or belief; 2) a codification of
orthodox belief.

Catechism: summary or manual of religious doctrine.

Cenacle: a group of Inquisitors which operate together,
typically those from the same Cenaculum (from which
the term derives; q.v.).

Cenaculum (plural: Cenacula): a retreat house and base of
operations for Inquisitors; the "local headquarters."
The word derives from the room in which Christ and
His Disciples partook of the Last Supper; the original
meaning of the room, "dining room," is not lost upon
older Kindred who greatly relish the etymological irony,
particularly when feasting upon an Inquisitor.

Censor: an Inquisitor who investigates the Society for
infernal corruption.

Certiorari: a status of investigation and suspicion, when the
Society questions whether an Inquisitor has been tainted
by his dealings with the Infernal.

Condotierri (singular: Condotierre): the quasi-military
order dedicated to the protection and safeguarding of
the Society.

Council: a summoning of all Councillors or members of the
Society, either as a regular event or on a special occasion.

Discommodation: temporary suspension from the Society.

Tue Inquisition


v

Deus vult: (Latin, "God wills it"); the battle cry of the
Crusades, and the informal motto of the Society of
Leopold.

Divine Office: collection of psalms and prayers recited at
stated times each day; required of priests and many
others who take vows.

Evangelism: preaching the Gospel and spreading the faith.

Excommunication: dismissal from the Society.

Florentine Heresy: the belief that supernaturals are deserv-
ing of salvation.

Gladius Dei: corps d'elite within the Society.

Holy Office: the Inquisition.

Holy See: the office and jurisdiction of Rome; the power of
the pontiff.

Indulgence: remission of temporal punishment for grave sins.

Inquisitor: a member of the Society of Leopold.

Inquisitor-General: the leader of the Society of Leopold.

Itinerant: a wandering Inquisitor, not attached to any
particular Cenaculum.

Layperson: one of the laity, or those who are not clergy.

Loculus: burial niche, specifically in catacombs.

Novice: an Inquisitor in training.

Novitiate: the period of an Inquisitor's training.

Parousia: (Greek, "arrival" or "presence") the Second Com-
ing of Christ, the Apocalypse, foretold in the Book of
Revelation and the Testament of Leopold.

Pontiff: the Pope (title from the pagan high priest of Rome,
the Pontifex Maximus).

Province: an area of jurisdiction within the Society.

Provincial: a member of the Society in charge of a province.

Relic: an item of power, once part ofa saint's body, clothing, etal.

Reliquary: a construct which houses a relic; the repository
for relics in the Inquisition's possession.

Sacerdotal: adj., priestly or related to a priesthood.

Sanbenito: one who follows or is accused of following the
Florentine Heresy; originally a scapular worn by her-
etics during the Spanish Inquisition.

Scapular: garment made of two strips of cloth that join
across the shoulders.

Tertiary: the lowest, most common rank within the Society.

Testament of Leopold: the visions and sayings of Leopold
of Murnau, founder of the Society of Leopold.

Theurgy: the only marginally acceptable form of magic
allowed, that granted by Heaven.

Thurible: vessel containing incense, used in liturgies. Car-
ried by a lay server or cleric, called a thurifer.

Traditor: one who has betrayed the Society of Leopold. The
usual penalty is excommunication and death. Origi-
nally, a Christian who has betrayed the faith to the
Roman persecutors.



History ofthe Inquisition

Faith is a matter of persuasion, not force.

— Bernard of Clairvaux

My Dear Ludovico:

Enclosed you will find a brief history of both the Society of
Leopold and the entire phenomenon known as the Inquisition.
Much of it, Lam sure, will be quite familiar, as you lived through
some of its years — particularly the founding of the Camarilla.
Other details, however, may be strikingly new. If you find that I
prattle, remember that I was pedant before preacher, and scholar
before witch-hunter. Share this material with your brood so that
they too may learn.

You have often spoken to me about the struggle against the
Beast in which your kind must daily engage. When you read this
history, you will see that humans have their own Beast to struggle
with. The more I have learned of my own Society, the more I
come to accept the fact that we have lost the struggle. We were
born of the best intentions, but we have forgotten — nay, utterly
ignored — the Holy Church's maxim that the end does not justify
the means.

T know now that the auto-da-fé has been pronounced against
me for my actions. Even though I have revealed little, I have been
declared traditor. I do not expect to see the end of the week alive.
Lask for your prayers, as I shall pray for you:

Niccolo Brizielli, O.P.

Early Roats

The Inquisition, as the world knows it, was begun in the
13th century. However, its roots stretch back considerably
further into the early years of the Christian era. One must
remember that heretics, not witches or other supernatural
creatures, were the original targets of the Inquisition. The
Inquisition — or the "Holy Office" — was a series of
ecclesiastical courts set up to root out heresy, then consid-
ered a form of deviant behavior, and to ensure the doctrinal
unity of Christendom.

Until the 4th century, the Roman Empire viewed
Christianity with varying measures of distrust and antipa-
thy. The empire allowed the practice of certain religions
within its boundaries, and Christianity was one of those, by
virtue of its connection to Judaism. Although Judaism was
scorned, it was still allowed to exist as the faith of the
Hebrew people: ‘elsus put it, "The religion of the Jews
may be highly peculiar, but it is at least the custom of their
fathers."

Eventually, however, as Judaism clearly distanced itself
from Christianity, and the new faith could no longer claim
ancestral tradition, it lost its status as a licit religion. Chris-
tianity became a subject of scorn and derision, in addition to
outright persecution: it was declared a criminal religion, and
Christians were harassed, hunted, imprisoned and executed.

The crime itself was one in name only: one could be
arrested merely for professing Christianity. No particular

Cunpten One: Tae Way oF tHe Martyr 1


an 4 RG

——

criminal actions were necessary. Christians were believed to
threaten both the social and the natural order. Roman
critics of the faith feared that by refusing to honor the
emperorand the gods of Rome, Christians would bring down
plagues, famines and other natural disasters, angering the
tutelary spirits of heaven with their offenses. Christians
were also accused of cannibalism and incest, an easy infer-
ence from misreading Christian liturgy and theology.

The age of the martyrs had begun. Christianity essen-
tially began with an act of martyrdom (the Crucifixion), and
the first official martyr of the Church, St. Stephen, was slain
in A.D. 35. But this was only the beginning of the true
persecution of Christianity. From the rule of Nero in the first
century through that of Diocletian in the early fourth
century, Christians were randomly terrorized by mob vio-
lence and governmental persecution. This was their first
experience with the abuse of power, with torture, and with
the criminalization of belief on a mass scale. Although the
Christians were on the receiving end of the abuse, the
maxim that the abused child grows to become an abusive
parent no doubt holds true for a faith as well.

Inthe 4th century, when Constantine embraced Chris-
tianity, things changed. Christianity became the state
religion, and its safety and future were fairly assured. The
faith inherited the Roman way of life, and with it, the
Roman legal code. Along with this inheritance was the
belief that certain religious practices were not only preferred
by the state, but were good for it. Emperors from Theodisius
II onward decreed exile, confiscation of property and even
death for convicted heretics; a decree in A.D. 407 equated
heresy with treason. The Byzantine emperor Justinian, at-
tempting to establish uniform orthodoxy throughout his
empire, put approximately 100,000 persons to death for
paganism or heresy. Early religious leaders, however, were
for the most part opposed to the use of force against heresy,
preferring instead measures such as excommunication and
occasional imprisonment.

In the centuries near the turn of the millennium,
punishments against heretics were harsh, even brutal, but
the Church still made no formal concerted activity to hunt
down and punish alleged heretics. Much of the persecution
took place at the hands of the secular leaders. Certainly,
ecclesiastical authorities took some vindictive measures,
but even through the Fourth Lateran Council, exile and
confiscation of property were still deemed adequate punish-
ments for heresy.

Until this time, the targets of the Inquisition were
always heretics. While the Christian tradition was solidly
opposed to magic and feared the activity of demons every-
where, they practiced little organized hunting. To be sure,
hermits grappled with evil spirits in the wilderness, the
Order of Saint Michael joined in spiritual warfare with the
Infernal and the populace was always enjoined to avoid
pagan magic, but such exhortations were typically unorga-
nized activities.

The Fourth Lateran Council

The Fourth Lateran Council, called in A.D. 1215,
was one in a series of Councils convened throughout
the history of the Church in an effort to deal with
various problems of the day. This Council, summoned
by Innocent III for the "regaining of the Holy Land and
the reform of the whole Church," is considered the
greatest of the medieval councils, and delineates the
essentials of medieval Catholicism. Among its attempts
were the reconstruction of the pastoral attitude and the
widespread education of the faith among the church's
members, both clergy and laity. Unfortunately, igno-
rance still prospered throughout the Church. Another
result, more relevant to the Inquisition, was that the
Council also secured the assistance of the secular au-
thorities in the maintenance of orthodoxy.

The Order of St. Michael

And war broke out in heaven: Michael and his angels fought
with the dragon; and the dragon and his angels fought... So the
great dragon was cast out, that serpent of old, called the Deviland
Satan, who deceives the whole world; he was cast to the Earth,
and his angels were cast out with him.

— Revelations 12: 7,9

Antonius, a Roman soldier inspired by a vision of St.
Michael Archangel, founded a society of monastics dedi-
cated to the veneration of the Archangel. The Michaelites
(as his order was then known) seemed to attract many ex-
soldiers, who found a way to redirect their more martial
inclinations. The order's brethren were concerned that the
Second Coming was near (as many Christians tended to
believe), and that the Church was not ready for the return
of her Lord. The battle of the Apocalypse would be fierce, as
the Revelation of John foretold, and the Church must be
ready. The Michaelites dedicated themselves to prayer and
contemplation in anticipation of the great battle which
would, no doubt, be soon.

The Michaelites believed quite seriously in the physical
dimension of the "spiritual warfare," and they also trained as
exorcists. As Michael was victorious over Satan, so were the
Michaelites prepared to combat the countless demons that
infested the earth. It was not uncommon for Christian
communities across Europe to send emissaries to the Order
of St. Michael, located in Rome, for assistance in cases
where demonic possession or infestation was feared.

Apocalpytic zeal waxes and wanes through the history
of religions, and the Order of St. Michael was no exception.
Over the next 1,000 years, as the anticipated Apocalypse
was delayed in coming, the membership of the Order slowly
diminished. Finally, by 1450, it was a skeletal brotherhood
at best, containing less than a dozen monks.

12

Tue Inquisition

TheGathars

Tewas with the arrival of the Cathari, or Cathars, that the
‘Church began to develop an official attitude toward heretics.
‘The Cathars were religious dualists who believed that God and

Satan were coequals, that Satan was actually the creator of the
physical world and the Jehovah of the Old Testament, and that

all Scriptures preceding the Gospels were to be rejected. The
‘beliefs of the Cathars were hardly original, and had descended
from the Manichaeans, an earlier Church heresy. The Cathars
{also known as the Albigensians) rejected much of traditional
Church teaching and social order, as well as the state's right of
taxation, and did actually pose a serious threat to the existing
social order.

Activities against these antisacerdotal heretics began
in earnest. Innocent III (1198-1216), the current Pope,
organized a crusade against the Cathars, granting these
crusaders the same indulgences as those given to the knights
who fought the Muslim infidels. The Emperor Frederick II,
in 1224, instituted Inquisitors to weed out the heretics in
Italy and Sicily; at the same time, he revived an old Roman
law that called for the death penalty for heretics. Finally, the
Council of Toulouse enacted a decree in 1229 that suggested
that bishops of southern France establish committees in
each parish, with the purpose of discovering heretics (namely,
Albigensians) in the parish. Dwellings of heretics were to be
confiscated, property destroyed, and the heretics themselves
turned over to ecclesiastical courts.

There are some who believe that Kindred may have fallen
into the hands of the Inquisitors at this point. If so, itis likely
that among those captured were vampires of the Brujah clan,
who may very well have supported the social revolutionary
currents of the Cathari. Others have said that the Lupines
caught the Church's notice at this time as the Crusaders and
Inquisitors threatened the Garou's families and home grounds.
Ultimately, none of this is verifiable; even the Society has its
secrets, and I was never privy to its closed archives. It is, of
course, unlikely now that I ever shall see such records.

Sources and scholars cite the most probable date of the
official establishment of the Inquisition as the year A.D. 1231,
when Pope Gregory IX entrusted the newly founded and
particularly zealous Dominicans with the duty of the suppres-

sion of heresy. In 1231, he issued the Excommunicamus, which
was responsible for the establishment of courts to judge and
punish heresy. Repentant heretics were punished with life
imprisonment; recalcitrant heretics, stubborn beasts that they
were, were executed. Torture was first approved by Innocent IV
in 1252; more than simply approve it, Innocent required the

podestas (chief magistrates) of Italian cities to use torture in

compelling heretics to confess.

The Society of Leopold

One of those first entrusted with the sacred duties of the

Inquisitor was Leopold of Murnau, an aged Bavarian Domini-
can known for both his sanctity and his ardor. Very early in his
career as Inquisitor, Leopold received direct proof of the exist-
ence of supernatural creatures; he determined that these

diabolical agents of Hell —for what else could they be?— were
far more important, and far more dangerous, threats to the
faithful than were "mere heretics." It was, in fact, Leopold's
estimation that the apparent increase in supernatural activity
was a sign of the coming Parousia, the Second Coming, when.
Jesus Christ would return and fight the forces of the Antichrist.
These supernaturals were the forces of the Enemy, marshaling
already. Accordingly, Leopold began to gather a small cadre of
Inquisitors who were dedicated to the elimination of the
supematurals. When the Parousia came, the Savior would find
His army ready and waiting.

In 1231, as the Church began the official procedure of
rooting out Albigensians and other heretics, Leopold ap-
proached Gregory and asked that he be given special
dispensation to combat the supernatural enemies of the
church. Gregory was dubious at first, but, respectful of
Leopold's reputation, he authorized Leopold to form a
society to fulfill this task. Gregory decided that to preserve
the Society's efficacy (and maintain his own reputation,
should the Society be seen as a grave mistake), the Society
would operate in secrecy.

The Testamentof Leopold

Today I have seen first-hand the truths of which
our Mother, the Church, speaks, and I am filled with
dread.

This morning I visited the donjon wherein a small
number of unrepentant heretics were confined. Chained
to the wall was a thin, waifish figure of a woman, her
girlish features transfigured into a visage of seething
hatred. | exhorted her to confess and abjure her sins, but
all] received was a steady stream of churlish obscenities.
I feared possession in her case; already she was pale of
skin, and exceedingly gaunt.

As I approached her, her fury trebled, and she
struggled with the iron fetters that bound her to the
wall. To my amazement and horror, she broke free from
her fetters and hurled herself at me, her hands trans-
formed into vicious claws, her mouth agape and revealing
a set of gleaming fangs. Truly this was one of the
vampyri that I had heard so many legends about, leg-
ends I had refused to believe.

Instinct drew my hand to my crucifix, which I held
up to the beast as I ordered it to stop in the name of the
Lord. The Lord is mighty indeed, for the beast cringed
from my warding crucifix and backed away as much as
possible. At this point, the donjon guards entered the
fray, and with swords and torches, and ultimately, the
splintered shaft of a broken spear, destroyed the crea-
ture in front of me.

At this moment I realized that the Beast had stood
before me, and that my mission was clear. By God, I was
delivered to combat the forces of the Antichrist, which
Thad seen even now before me.

— Leopold of Murnau, The Testament of Leopold

Cuapten One: The Wav o


Leopold's followers were few but dedicated. They oper-
ated as part of the standard Inquisition but always kept an
eye out for the existence of supernaturals within their
jurisdiction. Under Leopold's guidance, the Society grew in
strength, proving its value more than once as it rooted out
the forces of the Infernal in the midst of Christendom.

Leopold was eventually killed by a vampire's human
associate, one strengthened by the vampire's own blood, and
the Kindred have since then become particular enemies of
the followers of Leopold.

Inquisitorial Procedure

Inquisitorial procedure was a radical departure from stan-
dard juridical process. Inquisitors soon acquired the right to
summon suspects from their homes to places that the Inquisi-
tors deemed safe; they could also summon anyone who was the
subject of even the slightest speculation. Summons were an-
nounced privately to the suspect, then publicly at Sunday Mass.
If the suspect did not arrive for trial within a year of the
summons, then he was definitively branded a heretic.

Suspects were required to take an oath to testify truthfully,
including against themselves. Witness testimonies could come
from anyone, even those normally barred from testifying:
criminals, the excommunicated, and more. Finally, the accused
was denied lawyers or clerks. Gregory's Excommunicamus also
denied the right of appeal to the Apostolic See. If, in the course
of the trial, a suspect was believed to have lied, she was
imprisoned. After a public hearing, if the suspect abjured
heresy, she was given the general mercies of the church, with
punishments ranging from pilgrimage to life imprisonment.

The unrepentant heretic, on the other hand, was sen-
tenced to death. Because canon law forbade the Church to
inflict such penalties, impenitent heretics would be surren-
dered to the secular court. The standard form of capital
punishment was burning at the stake. It is, of course, linguis-
tic sophistry to use this fact to claim that the Inquisition
itself never sent anyone to the pyre.

Duringthe Spanish Inquisition, heretics wore thesanbenito,
a garment resembling a scapular. Penitent heretics wore yellow
sanbenitos with red crosses; the impenitent, sentenced to the
auto-da-fé, wore black sanbenitosadorned with devil and flames.

Inquisitors considered themselves father-confessors, judges
and prosecutors, all simultaneously; it was their duty to not only
maintain the orthodoxy of the faith and the stability of
Christendom but to save the soul of the heretic. It should be
noted that the measures of interrogating heretics and pro-
nouncing subject varied tremendously from Inquisitor to
Inquisitor. Some Inquisitors, such as Conrad of Marburg and
Jean Galand, were known for their cruelty. The majority of
Inquisitors were simply zealous men who held their entrusted
duty with the highest regard. Others, such as the English
Franciscan, Brother William (a sleuth of the highest order),
greatly regretted the duties of the Inquisitor's office. Remember
that little evidence was necessary to suspect an individual of
heresy, and an Inquisitor's display of undue leniency toward a
suspected heretic was in itself a suspicious act — as Brother
William himself discovered when he was thrown in jail.

Order ofSaintJoan

Inspired by Leopold's apocalyptic fervor and cru-
sading spirit, Jeanne Roullet — a French visionary —
began recruiting women to the same cause as Leopold's.
Jeanne's faith was strong; she and her followers battled
the armies of the Enemy with as much dedication and
might as the followers of Leopold. Unfortunately, their
cause was frequently overlooked. After Jeanne's death,
she was unofficially canonized; although the Church
did not recognize her sainthood, her followers knew
better and simply started referring to her as "Our Saint."
They continued their mission after her death, forming
the Order of Saint Joan. Although the pontiff did not
formally recognize the new Order, either, they did not
seem to care overly much.

In the 15th century, when the Society was being
formally organized, the Order of Saint Joan was ap-
proached about working in unison. The Order accepted,
and the Society conferred honorary membership upon
any member of the Order of Saint Joan who so desired
it; very few, though, actually asked for membership.
Even those members who worked within the Society
were typically elusive and enigmatic. Outsiders learned
little about the inner workings of the Order.

As the Society began promoting women into more
influential positions in the 20th century, some ques-
tioned the need for a separate order for women. The
Society approached St. Joan's followers about incorpo-
ration, but the Order turned down the request. It is
silent about its reasons for doing so.

The Victims

The Albigensians were not alone in their persecution;
anyone suspected or accused of heresy was fair game, includ-
ing the Waldensians, Begines, Beghards and Fraticelli, not
to mention the outright heretics: the Jews and Muslims.
Eventually, witches and diabolists were added to the list, as
were sexual deviants, and ultimately, anyone with behavior
outside the norm. I have been told that a certain group of
mages (1 believe called the Heavenly Choir) was accused of
manipulating this particular facet of the hunt.

According to my source, the Heavenly Choir was war-
ring with other groups of mages, and it is likely that some of
these rival mages were caught within the net of the Inquisi-
tion. However, according to my source, herself a member of
the Choir, not all members of this Choir were orthodox
Christians, and it is probable that many of them were
captured as well. It is thus naive to think that the Heavenly
Choir was entirely behind the Inquisition.

However, it is not inconceivable that zealots within the
Choir took advantage of the times. My own source has heard
rumors of a secret cabal within the Choir — a secret society
within a secret society, if you will — concerned with purity
of thought and belief, and this cabal may well have been a
decisive factor in the actions of the Inquisition.


The Inquisition was at first rather geographically lim-
ited; the northern countries were spared, England was
disturbed only by the Templar fiasco, and Spain was un-
touched until the 15th century. Of course, the Spanish
Inquisition gained a certain fame of its own, becoming a
"state within a state." There, Inquisitors granted themselves
the utmost authority, including the right to bear arms.

Tomas de Torquemada, a Dominican, was made the
Grand Inquisitor of Spain, allowing the Spanish Inquisition to
have an increased centralized authority. Some have said that
vampires actually fell into his hands, and he learned of their
existence when he saw the results of attempting to torture them
—thus driving him to greater heights of cruelty in his methods.
Whether this is true or not, again I cannot say. Materials on
Torquemada are sealed to all but the Inquisitor-General's
trusted few. But history records that some 2,000 individuals
were burned at the stake under his tenure —anyone outside the
pale of orthodox Christianity was summoned, even Saints
Ignatius of Loyola and Teresa of Avila.

How Could itHappen?

It is easy for modern men and women to look back
on the Inquisition with horror. But we should also view
the paradigm under which the Inquisition grew. While
the excesses of the Inquisition were a departure from the
legal and canonical norm, they were still in the spirit of
the age, and were representative of a number of prevail-
ing thoughts.

The Medieval Church was not just an establish-
ment: it was a society. It was Christendom. Christendom
was the social order, and anything that threatened
Christianity was a threat to the social order as well. The
Catholic Church was charged with the preservation of
society and with the defense of truth. The spiritual
truths delivered by Christ were the keys of Salvation,
and if they were in danger of corruption, then all
Christians were in danger. The sanctity of the Church's
teachings were paramount, and no material standard —
including the loss of human life — was comparable. The
true irony, of course, was that the Christians viewed the
heretics in the same light as the Romans who perse-
cuted the Christians: both were considered threats to
thesocial orderand the natural order. Not only did their
actions threaten society, but they would anger Heaven
as well.

Furthermore, the penalties of the Inquisition were
no different from the rest of the contemporary legal
code. Criminals were regularly hanged, burned alive,
drawn and quartered, boiled, tortured and otherwise
mistreated. The Inquisition was not a unique feature of
its age; it was a product of a violent and vindictive day.

Such wanton disregard for life, such cruelty and
excessive violence are things of the past. Surely, the
Society argues, we have learned from our mistakes and
must no longer resort to means such as torture, threat
and intimidation.


The Society Invigorated

In 1484, Pope Innocent VIII released the Summis
Desiderantes Affectibu and officially added witches to the
roster of undesirables. Witchcraft had always been pros-
ecuted and persecuted in the years prior to this, but this
statement, prompted by Dominican Inquisitors Heinrich
Kramer and James Sprenger, denounced witches as the
enemies of mankind, and the public was warned of their
danger. Once again, some suspected the Heavenly Choir of
causing this act, but I believe that humans are quite paranoid
and dangerous enough to act without the subtle manipula-
tion of mages.

Kramerand Sprenger were disciples of Leopold's school,
which by this time had grown to no more than 15 members
at any one time. Kramer and Sprenger were ultimately
responsible for the Society's rebirth. They believed, and
rightly so, that if the Church formally recognized the evils
which were faced on a daily basis, then the importance (and
size) of the Society would treble.

The Summis was the Church's first major official step
toward the extermination of supernaturals, and it brought
much pressure on the Kindred in particular. With its publi-
cation, more Inquisitors began to hunt in earnest for witches
and the demonic. The optimist in me wishes to believe that
more than a few Infernalists were actually dealt with, and
that not all victims were merely eccentric old women who

spoke to their cats; the realist in me realizes that far too many
innocents suffered.

Anno Domini 1486 was an important year for both the
Inquisition and the vampires. Kramer and Spenger released
the Malleus Maleficarum, or Hammer of Witches, a text on the
methodology of witch hunting, while the vampires began to
band together and form asociety now knownas the Camarilla.
From this point, the Kindred operated much more carefully
and became more difficult foes to catch.

The Malleus Maleficarum became the standard manual
of witch-hunters across Europe, ultimately put to use by
Protestants as well as Catholics. Thanks to the Summis and
the Malleus, the Society experienced a surge in membership:
by 1488, the Society numbered more than 100 Inquisitors,
and it became apparent that the Society deserved papal
attention in order for it to reach its true potential.

Pope Innocent VIII, at the urging of Sprenger and
Kramer, maintained the Society's relative secrecy; however,
he also bolstered the Society's resources and proposed a
reorganization of the Society into a more defined hierarchy.
This new hierarchy demanded a centralized leadership,
something which had been lacking since Leopold's death.
Spenger and Kramer were too publicly known to take
leadership, so Matteo Severus, S.J., one of their less publicly
known colleagues, became the first Inquisitor-General of
the Society of Leopold.

Severus began the work of organizing the new society,
using his own society, the Jesuits, as a model. Leopold's


diaries, the Testament of Leopold, became the canon for the
teborn society, which was headquartered in Rome at the
Monasterio di San Michele, or Saint Michael's Monastery.
The new Society of Leopold effectively drew upon the
strengths of two of the Church's most effective religious
orders, the Jesuits and the Dominicans, uniting them into a
wholly different Society.

The Inquisition proper continued unabated through
the Reformation, as, simply put, everyone hated everyone.
Catholics burned Protestants along with the other heretics,
while the Protestants were just as quick to accuse others of
heresy. In the meantime, the Society of Leopold slowly grew
and quietly pursued its goals. With the growth of Protestant-
ism, it was clear that Catholicism no longer held a political
or religious hegemony, and from the 17th century, the
Inquisition became less and less active.

The Florentine Heresy

In 1658, an event occurred which both shook the
foundations of the Society and helped to solidify its philoso-
phy, particularly as it extends to the current day.

Raffaele Renzi, a Franciscan Inquisitor and Abbé of the
Florence Cenaculum, was brought up on charges of notproperly
carrying out his duties as Christian and Inquisitor, and (more
importantly) of having actually aided the enemy. Rumors had
reached a Censor that Renzi was aware of the existence of a
number of vampires, werewolves and mages, but took no action
against them; instead, allegations went, Renzi tried to "minis-
ter" to them, saying that they were no different from any other
sinners and they too deserved salvation. Renzi allowed himself
to be delivered to San Michele's in chains, without even word
to contest the charges.

Inatrial that was open to the entire Society —and almost
as fully attended — Renzi was accused of having spurned the
Church, joined league with the Devil, and actually endangered
the Society by revealing Society secrets. They had very little
proof, but Renzi did nothing to defend himself. Instead, when
given his chance to speak, Renzi spoke quietly of the frightened
souls that he had saved and ministered, and of the vampire
whose confession he had heard; with tears on his eyes, Renzi
spoke of how he ministered the Sacrament of the Eucharist to
this vampire. Finally, Renzi condemned the Society for pride
and for not living according to the law of Christ, which was one
of love and forgiveness.

The verdict of course, came quickly and easily. Renzi
was branded apostate and traditor, and he burned at the pyre
the next dawn. Renzi flaunted his sanbenito, saying that it
was the cross he must bear for giving witness to the truth. "If
Iam destined for Hell," he said before being led to the pyre,
"it is for having participated in your Society, which is a slap
in the face of our Lord. Let my garment remind you what
awaits all who follow in your footsteps."

The next day, the remaining four members of Renzi's
Cenaculum were interrogated, also dressed in sanbenitos.

The taint of the Infernal spreads easily, like an infectious
plague, and the Society had to be sure that others like Renzi

did not exist: sheep in wolf's clothing, so to speak. In private
meetings, Censors and the Inquisitor-General investigated
the other Florentine Inquisitors, questioning them as to
their motives and beliefs.

Two members reiterated their commitment to the mis-
sion of the Society, and were believed without a doubt. They
were reassigned to other Cenacula, under the supervision of
more experienced and diligent Inquisitors, however, just to
be sure that no lingering taint of apostasy might have gone
undetected.

Although the Inquisitors of the Society were the
new Crusaders, they were not true soldiers. Matteo
Severus, the Jesuit who became the first Inquisitor-
General of the Society, decided that the new Inquisition
needed more than just "warriors for Christ" in their
mission.

Throughout the Renaissance, mercenaries had
made their living fighting for the many Italian city-
states; these mercenaries were the Condotierri, a term
deriving from the contract between a condotierre and
his lord, and a promise of good conduct: buona condotta.
Toward the end of the 15th century, as the smaller cities
and states became incorporated into larger units, the
political need for the Condotierri began to fade, leaving
many trained soldiers in need of pay. Severus saw that
theirneed and the Society's need for military manpower
were ideal mates, and he began hiring Condotierri to
fulfill the security and martial needs of the Society.

The Condotierri served admirably, often fighting
alongside the Inquisitors in the autos-da-fé, but their
paid status became a source of disagreement within the
Society. While many Inquisitors received some stipend
in exchange for their work, they did not work for
money; theirs was the work of God. Severus discussed
reducing the pay for the Condotierri, and many left in
search of more profitable work. Those that remained
were deemed faithful to the mission of the Society, and
the Condotierri were officially made Inquisitors as well;
their apostolate was to support and defend the Holy
Office. Although they no longer worked "under con-
tract," this division retained the name Condotierri, a
term they keep to this day.

Even from the beginnings of the Condotierri as a
military force, Condotierri worked in groups of three,
called "lances." Originally, a lance consisted of a
mounted soldier, a squire, and a lancer (sometimes
afoot, sometimes mounted). Requests often came for
numbers of lances: four hundred lances represented
1200 soldiers with a minimum of 400 cavalrymen.
Although military tactics have changed, the Condotierri
of the Society prefer to work in groups of three. Al-
though this is not feasible in small Cenacula, the larger
Cenacula and San Michele's will work with lances
instead of assigning individual Condotierri.

Cuapten One: Tae Way 0

i » nq

we

The Florentine Decree

In the name of the holy and undivided Trinity,
Father, Son and Holy Ghost.

This holy council of the Society of Leopold, law-
fully assembled in the Holy Ghost, considering the
great import of the matters to be considered, recognizes
that its wrestling is not against flesh and blood, but
against the spirits of wickedness in high places. Where-
fore, that this pious solicitude of the Society may work
according to the Grace of God, it ordains and decrees
that the following canons of faith are in accord with the
sacred charge of the Society.

Canon I. If any member of the Society forsakes his
duties, either through negligence or intent, let him be
anathema. While the Society allows for the provision of
general failure or error, it still sees the duties of Inquisi-
tor as sacred and binding.

Canon II. If anyone disobeys the decisions of the
Inquisitor-General, or his Provincial, or his Abbé, or
any other member of the Society of just authority, let
him be anathema.

Canon III. Ifanyone disbelieves in the reality of the
Prince of Darkness, or that his children walk the earth
to torment and harass the faithful, let him be anathema.
Such apostasy is contrary to the truths of the Society.

Canon IV. Ifanyone believes that Salvation is open
to the children of the Enemy, or that they are deserving
of the mercies of the Church, or the Society, or is in any
other way an adherent or sympathizer to the Florentine
Heresy, let him be anathema. Such apostasy is contrary
to the truths of the Society, and counteracts the good
which the Society has done on Earth. He shall be
branded traditor and will be deserving of the most
severe punishments and penalties, without hopes of
penance or forgiveness other than by God.

Canon V. If anyone is disloyal to the Society of
Leopold, or reveals its secrets to outsiders, or sides with
the enemies of the Society, let him be anathema. Such
apostasy is contrary to the truths of the Society, and
counteracts the good which the Society has done on
Earth. He shall be branded traditor and will be deserv-
ing of the most severe punishments and penalties,
without hopes of penance or forgiveness other than by
God.

"Let him be anathema" is formula for decrees
of the Church and the Society; punishments and
hopes for forgiveness vary according to the crime.
The Florentine Decree is only the basis, not the
entirety, of the Society's legal code. It is interesting
to note that nowhere does the Decree speak of

Upon questioning, though, the remaining two mem-
bers were not quite as persuasive. One confessed to having
been approached by Renzi, and having contemplated his
words, but ultimately rejecting them. The other, after a
lengthy series of interrogations — and some threat of tor-
ture, ifrumorsare to be believed —said thathe accompanied
Renzi one night to meet with the shapeshifters in the woods
outside Florence; he saw them, dancing naked and joyous,
full of pagan delight. Finally, in a paroxysm of tears, he
confessed to having enjoyed sexual intercourse with some of
the shapeshifters — male and female, to compound sins. He
begged the Inquisitor-General's pardon, and swore that he
would seek penance in whatever manner necessary.

These two Inquisitors were also burned; although they
wore the sanbenitos of the penitent, they were deemed too
heavily tainted by their dealings with Renzi.

The entire debacle did more than just agitate the
Society; it began a series of debates as to whether there was
a chance for salvation for any of the creatures; were they
intrinsically evil, or merely flawed, or were they even outside
the standard spectrum of moral law? Does the morality that
God requires of humans apply to the obviously inhuman?
The entire body of Catholic theology and philosophy was
dragged out for the discussion. It would seem that no small
number of Inquisitors had ultimately allowed such thoughts
to cross their minds.

The Society's top jurisprudists opened the floor to
discussion — a rare act, since such things are usually dis-
cussed in private. The discussion raged for weeks. Some
suspect that the discussion was opened less as an attempt at
democratic unity than as a means of trying to ferret out any
who might be sympathetic to Renzi and his heresy. Some
discussed the merits of Renzi's arguments; Christ's law was
one of love, after all: "You shall love the Lord your God with
all your heart, with all your soul, and with all your strength,
and with all your mind, and your neighbor as yourself" (Luke
10:27); and "For God so loved the world that He gave His
only begotten Son..." (John 3:16).

Others countered though, that the Lord's injunctions
were clear: "Ifa person turns to mediums and wizards... will
set my face against that person" (Leviticus 20:6); "A man or
a woman who is a medium or a wizard shall be put to death;
they shall be stoned with stones, their blood shall be upon
them" (Leviticus 20:27); and of course, "Suffer not a witch
to live" (Exodus 22:18). Other such passages were drawn
from the Church Fathers and theologians, and it was clear
that while mercy and compassion have their place and time,
there is no room for them in dealing with the supernaturals.

The insidious nature of Renzi's "heresy" became the
next topic of discussion. The devil truly can cite Scripture;
the worst sin is an act believed to be done in the name of the
Lord, and following his statutes. His attitude was vainglory,
argued the Censors, and it was blasphemy. The chain of logic

loyalty to the Church itself.
which Renzi's argument proposed was truly ill: if the argu-
ment were correct, then the very apostolate of the Society
of Leopold was in error; if the apostolate of the Society were
— n

Tue [quisition


in error, then the declarations of the pontiff, and the
decisions of the Holy Mother Church were also in error
regarding the evils of the supernatural; and, if such beliefs
were in error — what then? In what else did the Church of
Peter err? Perhaps the very tenets of salvation?

No, the Society's mission was clear, and any deviation
from it was not just wrong, it was against the dictates of the
Lord. Renzi's heresy was a subtle one, and seductive: lured
into the promises of doing good, it led one to blasphemy, and
nothing less than acceptance of the Enemy. It implied that
Evil was relative, and this would not do.

How many of the Inquisitors would fall to such soph-
istry? asked the Censors. How many more Inquisitors would
wear the sanbenito of the heretic? Every Inquisitor lost to
this heresy represented another hundred souls lost to the
Enemy, they argued.

Ultimately, the outcome was clear. The Council drafted
the Decree of 1659, or what has become known as the
Florentine Decree. What had been merely assumed or taken
for granted by the Society of Leopold was now official writ.

What began with Renzi, however, did not die; he was
not the first Inquisitor to question the morality of the
Inquisition, nor was he the last. Renzi was only the first
martyr of what would be called the Sanbenito, the fallen
Inquisitors.

The 18th Century

The 18th century was not kind to the Church. Tempo-
ral power disappeared, political power weakened, and spiritual
power fragmented. The changes of the age were reflected
within the Society as well. As the western world was ruled
by rationalism and Enlightenment, the Society's member-
ship dropped to just over 50 Inquisitors. Within the Vatican,
there was even some private talk of disbanding the Society.
Although the Church itself was not particularly an adherent
of Enlightenment philosophies (to put it mildly), it simply
would not do to have a semi-secret society of witch-hunters
bearing the Church's name, and should the Society's exist-
ence ever be made public, the reaction would be undoubtedly
unpleasant.

As the reigning pontiff began deliberations on whether
to disband the Society, Marcus Deluca, the Inquisitor-
General, called for a Council. It was obvious to Deluca and
the majority of the his followers that the Church itself had
come under the Enemy's sway. The Council discussed many
things, including the option of breaking away from the
Church and gaining full autonomy. Unfortunately, the
Society still relied too heavily on financial support from the
Vatican.

It was revealed during this Council that the Society had
long been in the practice of seeding the Church with those
faithful to the Society's mission. Some were merely sympa-
thizers, but others were actually covert Inquisitors whose
sole mission was to support the Society's growth rather than

engage in the hunt. At first the Council called upon the
support of those cardinals and officials openly sympathetic
to the Society. When reports came in that these individuals
were unpersuasive in their attempts to deal with the pontiff,
the Society called on its next line of defense.

Deluca asked for a private audience with the pope. The
precise words exchanged are unknown, but Deluca allegedly
revealed very exact knowledge about the pontiffs more
carnal intentions for certain seminarians — a rather scan-
dalous sin, and quite privileged information that only the
Holy Father's own confessor knew about. This audience
effectively ended any further discussion of disbanding the
Society.

Afterall — what is the minorsin of blackmail compared
to the duty of saving humanity from the Evil One? God
would be merciful. Or so argued the Inquisitor-General.

The French Revolution

Things were particularly sad in Paris. Where the Notre
Dame Cenaculum had once been one of the most prominent
and successful Cenacula in the history of the Society, over
a period of years its success dwindled. It seemed as though
every hunt that the Cenaculum initiated ended in almost
total failure. The country wasa volatile place in the late 18th
century, and this instability compounded the Society's dif-
ficulties.

A rising anticlericalism, combined with distinct dis-
trust for secret societies, made the Inquisitor's job very
difficult. In 1793 the members of the Notre Dame Cenaculum
were forced into hiding; one year later, they were rooted out
and slain by angry mobs who wished to rid their country of
superstition and despotism. The fact that one Inquisitor was
alleged to have been Robespierre's secretary only fueled the
fires. Their safehouse had been revealed by none other than
the Abbé of the Cenaculum, who disappeared just before the
mob slaying.

Paris was deemed unsafe for the Society, and the
Cenaculum was not re-established until almost 1800; appar-
ently the city was, in addition to a hotbed of political strife
and social unrest, a home of much supernatural warfare.
Only the rare Itinerant Inquisitors would visit the city, and
it was one such group of Inquisitors that eventually found
the missing Abbé, in the service of one of the French
Kindred. The newly-revealed traitor, along with the rest of
the Kindred's brood, were put to the torch.

It was at this point that the Society started to wonder
whether its own walls were inviolable, and how deeply ithad
been infiltrated. This was an evil even greater than the
Florentine Heresy, which at best could be considered a sin
of omission. This represented nothing less than the Enemy's
own "fifth column." The Office of the Censor began a
widespread examination of the Society, interrogating many
Inquisitors. No less than a dozen quislings were revealed to
be in the employ of a supernatural agent, be it a mage or a
vampire. It was feared that more infiltrators existed, hidden
beyond the reach of the Censors.

Guapten Ont: Tae Way 0}

+ y Rr

ne)

ye
" The fear of infiltration remains to this day, ever fueling
y

the paranoia of the Office of the Censor.

The Modern Period

The Society experienced another membership surge in
the late 19th century. The public fascination with the
occult, particularly in Western Europe, was paralleled within
the Church. This interest in the occult, combined with a
renewed zeal for orthodoxy that resulted in the first Vatican
Council, found many converts for the Society of Leopold.

In 1908, the Inquisition proper was reorganized as the
Congregation of the Holy Office, which no longer uses force
in its determination of matters of heresy. At the same time,
Pope Pius X officially released the Society of Leopold from
the Catholic Church, so that the Society could operate more
freely — whether this action was one of free will, or whether
he had been coerced to do so is not known. The Society
retained its holdings, was given its own financial standing,
and maintained only informal — or covert — connections
to the Church. At this point, the Society became a lone
institution determined to cleanse the earth of the diabolical
infestation that was so pervasive.

The membership of the Society again began to slowly
dwindle during the World Wars; this drop in membership
forced the Inquisitor-General to start promoting women
within the ranks and to allow laypeople to play a role within
the Society. Prior to this time, women were rarely promoted
into any positions of power, and laypeople were not allowed
within the hierarchy.

During the 1980s and 90s, the Society's membership
began to slowly increase again. Today it is some 500 people
strong, with three-quarters of its membership in Western
Europe or North America.

The Society of Leopold is officially unconcerned with
the issue of doctrinal purity or orthodoxy; it pays at least
some measure of attention to the Second Vatican Council's
Declaration on Religious Freedom and the Decree on
Ecumenism. It devotes the entirety of its attention and
resources to the search and destruction of supernatural evil.
Some more traditional members of the Society are con-
cerned with heresy, but these Inquisitors remain a minority.

The Society Of Leopold Today

S. Martin ascended from the military state to the clerical, for
the army of the Church is higher in status than the army of the
world; its warfare is a higher one, and its soldiers fight against
spiritual enemies.

— St. Thomas Aquinas

In the centuries since its founding, the Society of Leopold
has become a formidable organization. It is the oldest formal
association of witch-hunters, able to call on seven centuries of
experience. In addition to this experience, the Society was not
formed in a vacuum; its founders were inheritors of the tradi-
tions and administrative heritage of the Roman Catholic
Church, one of the world's oldest institutions.

ciety and th

The Society of Leopold has long had an unusual
relationship with the Holy See. Leopold of Murnau was
the first to demonstrate his influence on the pope;
Sprenger and Kramer followed in his footsteps when
they arranged the revitalization of the Society. After
them, however, any influence or counsel became more
subtle, as the Society began insinuating its tendrils into
the edifice of the Church. Very few pontiffs ever knew
how many of their trusted advisors and associates were
either covert members or very strong supporters of the
Society.

The Society now acts entirely independent of the
desires and authority of the Pope. When the Society was
released from Papal jurisdiction in 1908, all known
Vatican records on the Society went to the Society's
holdings as well.

Pius was cautious in his acts; he knew that a
"modern" age might be unwilling to accept the mission
of the Society of Leopold, so he made sure that refer-
ences to the Society since his tenure referred to it only
as a clearing-house for scholars of the occult. Some
Vatican officials in the recent past have suspected the
truth, but none have ever gone public with their opin-
ions.

The Society determines on a case-by-case basis
whether each successive pope will be informed of the
Society's true mission, and how extensive such knowl-
edge shall be. The Inquisitor-General is ultimately the
one responsible for such a decision. Some pontiffs have
responded more favorably than others to the revelation
that a society, of witch-hunters still operates. In the late
1970s, one pope met privately with the current Inquisi-
tor-General of the Society. The meeting, according to
rumor, did not go well; whether the pontiff's sudden
death (a mere 34 days after his installation) is in any way
related to the issue has yet to be determined.

It is not known whether the current pope is aware
of the Society's true nature, but it is generally believed
throughout the Society that he has been informed; how
much he knows is anyone's guess.

The Call

Becoming a member of the Society of Leopold is seen as
a most sacred calling. It is no simple act; it is a declaration
of a vocation, and a realization of one's sacred duty. How-
ever, it is much more complex than merely picking up a
crucifix and a torch.

Induction
How, precisely, does one join the Society of Leopold?
Even more importantly, how does one even learn about
them? Certainly there are no advertisements for it in local
Catholic papers or on the parish bulletin board.

Tue Inguisinion

The most common way of discovering the Society is
through accidental discovery. Perhaps an Inquisitor hap-
pens to save a potential victim from a supernatural creature;
or, as sometimes happens, groups of witch-hunters may
encounter Inquisitors in the course of their operations.
Otherwise, the Society keeps a keen eye out for members of
the Church — laypeople, seminarians, and priests alike —
who seem sympathetic to the concerns of the Society.

Frequently, retired Inquisitors take academic, parish or
community positions that allow them to be the center of
local news. This network of informers reports promising
individuals to the local Provincial, who will then send an
Inquisitor to conduct a more thorough search of the poten-
tial recruit's background and qualifications.

Such investigation is usually from a distance: inquiry into
thecharacter's past, sometimes discreet conversations with past
associates. After a thorough review, the recruiter will then
consult with the Provincial, report her findings and make a
recommendation. Provincials rarely go against the judgment of
arecruiter, even though they hold the power to do so. Should
the possible recruit be deemed worthy of nomination, one or
more members of the Cenaculum he is likely to join contact the
recruit, arrange a clandestine meeting and invite the individual
tojoin. The name of the Society of Leopold is never mentioned
unless the individual accepts.

Recruiters should compromise neither security or con-
fidentiality in offers to join the Society. They almost never
make the offer unless they believe that the potential mem-
ber is both qualified to join and likely to do so.

The Ideal Inquisitor

Few hard-and-fast rules exist to determine whether an
individual is considered "qualified" for membership. Obviously,
the Society requires full members to be at least nominal
members of the Roman Catholic Church. However, even
partial membership is open to members of other faiths (al-
though usually only Protestants will be considered); this partial
membership allows Inquisitors access to Society holdings and
some resources, but excludes them from the hierarchy. For
many Inquisitors, whose lives are devoted to the hunt (or who
simply don't live long enough for long-term career advance-
ment to matter), partial membership is more than adequate.

Beyond church affiliation, the strongest qualities that
the Inquisition looks for are zeal and loyalty. The life of a
witch-hunter is not one for the weak-willed, the timid or the
unbelieving: Inquisitors are warriors for Christ and members
of the armies of Heaven. Loyalty is the second strongest
element in the desired Inquisitor: loyalty to superiors, loy-
alty to comrades, and loyalty toa cause. Be not mistaken: the
Inquisition is one part religion, one part army.

Bernard Gui once described what he believed to be
characteristics of ideal Inquisitors, in Practica Inquisitionis
Heretice Pravitatis:

The Inquisitor must be constant, persevering amid dangers
and adversities even to death. He should be willing to suffer for
the sake of justice, neither rashly precipitating danger nor shame-

21


fully retreating in fear, for such cowardice weakens moral
stability... He should refrain from too lenient an attitude which
degenerates into dissoluteness...

Let him be careful in doubtful cases not to believe too easily
everything that appears probable, for such is not always true; nor
on the other hand should he stubbornly refuse to believe what may
seem improbable, for such is often true...

Such words still ring true today.

Membership

In the early days of the Inquisition, all members of the
Society of Leopold were clerics. The original founders were
almost entirely Dominicans, and they tended to induct only
fellow Dominicans. However, a variety of other religious
orders ultimately contributed members as well, including
Franciscans and Jesuits. A common misconception among
witch-hunters is that the Jesuits predominate in the Society
of Leopold. The Jesuits are more publicly recognized (par-
ticularly the notorious ex-Jesuit, Sullivan Dane), but they
are neither the majority nor the driving force of the Society.

When Leopold began his Society, all of his followers were
men. On occasion, the rare nun would join him and his
followers in their mission, but women were typically relegated
to the roles of healers — particularly the Sisterhood of Claire.
Even though the members of the Order of Saint Joan proved as
efficient as male Inquisitors, it was not until the 15th century
and the reorganization of the Society that women were granted
full membership in the Society. The step was long avoided, but
as female Inquisitors (particularly Alexandraof Palermo) proved
their importance, women were grudgingly admitted.

Of course, old biases remained, and women were not
actively promoted within the Society. In the early 20th cen-
tury, however, as the Society faced a membership crisis, women
were finally allowed to play a more dominant role. Now the
Society of Leopold is surprisingly more progressive than the
body of the Catholic Church; women are given equal standing
with men and occupy places of power. Two women have even
served as Inquisitor-Generals in the past 75 years.

The Laity

The Society now also admits laypeople, those who have
not taken other religious or monastic vows within the
Catholic Church. This act was much discussed and argued
and was finally resolved in the mid-20th century. While
priests and monastics make up the bulk of the order in
Europe, almost three-quarters of the Society in America are
laypeople. In this respect, too, the Society is strangely more
progressive than the Church itself.

Regardless of the method used to recruit members into
the Society, all Inquisitors are expected to undergo a Novi-
tiate, or orientation period. Each novice is selected by a
more experienced Inquisitor, who offers to mentor the
budding Inquisitor. During an Inquisitor's Novitiate, she

ca

learns the history (including historical antecedents), polity
and philosophy of the Society of Leopold.

The Novitiate may take place in the Inquisitor's own
city, if resources are sufficient. Usually, the novice spends at
least a brief period of time in the Provincial's company,
wherever the Provincial may be located. Although every
member of the Society is granted a mentor, some relation-
ships become closer than others. Typically, the prestige and
status of a mentor may have some impact on her student's
reception within the Society.

The Novitiate is the time when Inquisitors learn as
much of the supernatural as the Society is willing to teach to
newcomers: the basic truths, as perceived by the Society, of
the existence of witches, vampires, werewolves and other
such malefic individuals, as well as an examination of select
records of famous witch-hunters. The technical rudiments
of witch-hunting are also learned, including the develop-
ment of certain skills essential to the Inquisitor's job.

There isno established time, nor even a specified regimen,
allotted foran Inquisitor's Novitiate. Both vary, based upon the
weakness and learning capacity of the novice and the judgment
of the novice's mentor. It ranges widely, from as short a period
as a month, to as long a time as a year. Some Novitiates may
focus on historical study, while others may focus on training for
the physical concerns of a witch-hunt (firearms techniques,
hand-to-hand, etc.). During the Inquisitor's Novitiate, he is
dissuaded from actively participating in witch-hunts; such
things are typically too dangerous for the ill-prepared. Some
novices do, however, take up arms, either according to — or
against — the wishes of their mentors.

T

isterhood of SaintClaire

Saint Claire was a 13th-century nun and member |
of the Order of Poor Clares, a group of Franciscan nuns
who believed in absolute poverty in order to cultivate
the riches of the Lord. Claire and her sisters followed
the example of her Order's founder, taking vows of
complete poverty. Faith ran strong in their Convent,
and Claire and her nuns were known to be great healers.

One night, Leopold and his followers visited Claire's
convent, wounded and spent from a conflict with a
vampire. They passed the night in the convent's barn,
their wounds tended to by Claire's nuns. They were so
impressed by the faith they saw that Leopold asked
Claire and her nuns to join them in their crusade. The
conventagreed toassist Leopold, but only as the Society's
healers. A few rare Poor Clares would join a hunt, but
the majority were content to manage sick-houses for
wounded Inquisitors. Over time, the followers of Claire
tended to think of themselves as their own Order, and
they renamed themselves the Sisterhood of Saint Claire.

When the Inquisition was reorganized in the 15th
century, the Sisterhood of Saint Claire was incorpo-
rated into the Society. Its members still maintain the
role of healers, although some nuns ultimately seek a
more active life.

Tue Inquisition


When a novice is considered sufficiently trained, she
takes vows of obedience and loyalty to the Society of
Leopold (and, strangely, not the Catholic Church), and is
granted the title Tertiary. Upon the Society's recognition of
the new Tertiary, the Inquisitor's career is ready to begin.

Hierarchy

In spite of its origins, the Society of Leopold is not,
strictly speaking, a sacerdotal organization. Its members no
longer need be priests or monastics, but initiation into the
Society is the equivalent of taking minor simple vows. The
Society considers all of its members Inquisitors; although
they are not bound by solemn priestly or monastic vows,
they are still part ofa religious community, with correspond-
ing duties and privileges. Roman collars or other clerical
garb are not called for. Although the Society allows mem-
bers to wear such clothing within the confines of Society
grounds, priestly cloth is usually too identifiable in public,
and even those who are members of standard religious orders
often dress in "civilian" clothing.

Upon full induction into the Society of Leopold, In-
quisitors are awarded the title Tertiary. This is the lowest,
and most common, level of membership in the Society.
Tertiaries are allowed entry into any of the Society's
Cenacula, and they have provisional access to the Society's
library in Rome. Tertiaries need not be full-time "witch-
hunters," and are allowed to pursue whatever vocational or
even secular interests concern them. They do not have any
formal requirements, but upon engaging in any witch-hunt,
they must abide by the regulations of the Society.

Inquisitors typically operate together in small groups
called "cenacles." The term derives from "Cenaculum"
(proper plural: Cenacula), the Society of Leopold's equiva-
lent of a rectory or cloister, where Inquisitors live and work
together on a daily basis. Cenacles vary in age and operating
procedures; they may be an informal association of Inquisi-
tors in one city, ora formally run small monastery in an older
town. Leadership varies from cenacle to cenacle as well.
Some are more democratic in fashion, with everyone in the
cenacle having an equal say, while others may have a single
strong leader.

Experienced Inquisitors may be awarded the honorary
title of Councillor. Councillors have earned great respect
within the Society. They may have participated in many
witch-hunts, or been responsible for the destruction of
particularly vile enemies of the Inquisition, or shown keen
insight in a variety of crises. Councillors are known for their
experience and wisdom; synods of Councillors are often
called together in times of need to discuss items of impor-
tance to the organization. Individuals also occasionally offer
advice to Inquisitors engaged in difficult witch-hunts. The
title of Councillor is awarded by the Society's Provincials,
and reflects an earlier, more defined hierarchy; while Coun-
cillors are more respected than Tertiaries, they no longer
have any specific authority over them.

The next true level of rank is Abbé; this is the indi-
vidual responsible for the actions of a particular Cenaculum.
Provincials typically are the ones to select Abbés; although
a Cenaculum may vote one of its own members into the
position of authority, she must still be approved by the
Provinicial, who has the right to appoint someone else, from
within or without the Cenaculum. Generally, though, un-
less the Cenaculum is troublesome, the Provincial accepts
the decision of the voting Cenaculum.

Some Inquisitors receive an even greater position of
responsibility: Censor. Censors monitor the activities of the
Inquisition, and make sure that no Inquisitors have been
tainted by their dealings with the Infernal. When an In-
quisitor is suspected of malfeasance, he is placed ina state of
certiorari: he must surrender all of his records (including
private diaries and finances) to the Censor, who thoroughly
interrogates his colleagues and allies.

Some Censors have shown the same zeal in their ac-
tions as did the earliest Inquisitors: a few of those Inquisitors
who have been excommunicated from the Society were
otherwise popular and effective, and the decisions of the
accusing Censors are in doubt. However, none dare publicly
question a Censor, lest their watchful eye turn to them as
well. The Inquisitor-General grants the role and position of
Censor, but the Office of the Censor, an autonomous office
within the Society, manages the activities of Censors.

Certain Inquisitors, usually those who have proven to
be successful Abbés, receive jurisdictional authority. These
Inquisitors, chosen by the Inquisitor-General, are called
Provincials. Provincials monitor and coordinate Society
activities within their geographic jurisdictions. The size of a
jurisdiction may change regularly, based upon population
density, geographic size, and, to be frank, the political pull
of the Provincial.

Provincials meet for an annual Council, to discuss the
previous year's activities and plan the next year's. The
location for this Council changes yearly, but it always is held
near one of the older and larger Cenacula. Furthermore,
once each decade, a Great Council convenes in Rome.
While the Provincials preside, the entire Society of Leopold
is invited. Even prominent witch-hunters outside the Soci-
ety are invited to the Great Council, with the clear
understanding that they are "observers."

Few officials ranked Provincial or higher actively re-
main involved in witch-hunting. They may indulge in some
scholarship or research, but they prefer the roles of mentor,
advisor and administrator to that of warrior. Provincials
typically have a cabinet of advisors, which may include
anyone the Provincial chooses.

The leader of the entire Society is the Inquisitor-
General, who has absolute lifetime authority in the Society.
Candidates are chosen and voted upon by the Provincials,
and typically chosen from among the pool of Provincials.
While there have been two female Inquisitors-General,
there has yet to be a layperson elected Inquisitor-General;
this is bound to change with time. It is not unknown for the

Guapren One: Tae Way oF tat Manrye

Inquisitor-General to have a private cabinet, the general
membership of which is not known to the Society at large.

The current Inquisitor-General, Monsignor Amelio
Carpaccio, is generally well-respected and admired by oth-
ers in the Society. Newer Inquisitors are, of course, itching
for "new blood" to take the helm, but it is unlikely that any
possible replacement would be different enough to satisfy
them.

Modern Procedure

The procedures of the modern day Inquisition have, of
necessity, changed somewhat from their medieval prece-
dents. They are conducted in the utmost secrecy, hidden
from an unbelieving public. Furthermore, suspects are no
longer dragged in before an ecclesiastical court and judged
in a lengthy process.

Current procedures bear more relation to modern-day
detective work than to medieval jurisprudence. Often, only
the slightest clue may alert the Society to the possibility of
a supernatural creature nearby: an unusual newspaper story,
a bizarre police case, an unsettling comment whispered on
city streets. The eyes of the Inquisition are everywhere;
careful Inquisitors cultivate ties with the police and media.

Few Inquisitors realize that many rumors are intention-
ally directed toward them by other supernaturals using the
Society as a vicarious means of revenge. The Kindred are
particularly adept at such machination, and too often the
Society remains ignorant of their puppet-existence.

When rumors catch the attention of a cenacle, some
measure of research must begin. The cenacle searches ar-
chives and libraries, questions locals, and utilizes any other
means possible to verify the rumors. Some cases are easier
than others; an area suspected of werewolf infestation can
be carefully observed from a distance, and places suspected
of hauntings are easily visited. Of course, the apparent ease
with which a case may be investigated is frequently mislead-
ing.

When the cenacle is satisfied that their suspicions of
diabolical activity are justified, then the auto-da-fé ("act of
the faith") is called: the target is formally identified in
Society records, and the hunt begins in earnest. The cenacle
considers methods of dealing with the situation, and acts in
whatever manner necessary to fulfill the demanded penalty.
In some cases, an exorcism is called for; in others, outright
warfare is deemed appropriate. Ifa cenacle feels that it is not
qualified to deal with a particular situation, then they
contact the local Provincial for assistance, who may route

another cenacle to the scene.

An auto-da-fé is considered active until the creature has
been dealt with. Itdoes not havea time limit, nor doesit expire.
Autos-da-fé may last years, even past the lifetimes of the
Inquisitors who called them. One auto-da-fé, called against a
suspected vampire in Athens, has been active since 1847.


Brother, Can you Spare a Dime?

It is frequently assumed that all members of the
Society of Leopold address each other as "Brother" or
"Sister." This once used to be the case, when all Inquisi-
tors were clerics of some order or another.

Current forms of address are based upon ecclesias-
tical standing: an Inquisitor is referred to by any rank
offered by the Church itself: Monsignor, the Right
Reverend, etc. Monks are addressed as "Brother," priests
"Father," etc. Laypeople are addressed formally as "Mis-
ter," "Ms." or whatever term the Inquisitor prefers.
Incidentally, even ordained priests eschew the use of
titles in place of simple first-name forms of address,
particularly among friends.

Technically, because the Society confers Tertiary
status on all its members, everyone can be called
"Brother" or "Sister." This is rarely done except be-
tween the most pious or traditional Inquisitors, or in
correspondence from the Holy Office itself.

In general, you need not assume that members of
the same cenacle will be addressing each other by
ecclesiastical title for the length of their relationship.
Use common sense.

Rebuke. The guilty party is formally rebuked, usually
in a private meeting with a Provincial, but with a written
decree distributed throughout the various provinces. The
party's cenacle tends to lose some prestige.

* Discommodation. The guilty party is suspended from
the Society fora period from one month toa year. Use of the
Society's resources, from property to research materials, is
forbidden.

¢ Excommunication. The guilty party is permanently
dismissed from the Society. On very rare occasions may they
ever be re-admitted, and this is only after great service to the
Society. A variety of phrases are used for this condition: to
be anathema, to be placed "under the ban," et al.

¢ Execution. The rarest, most severe level of punish-
ment. The Inquisitor is sentenced to death, through means
mundane or bizarre.

A number of acts may be considered apostasy. A sam-

pling of such acts include:

¢ Impeding an auto-da-fé. Penalty ranges from

discommodation to dismissal.

* Disobeying a Provincial. The typical penalty is a

rebuke.

ToErris Human

Regretful though it may be, the Society has made
mistakes. Evidence may be misleading, judgments incorrect.
One woman accused of vampiric activity and condemned in
an auto-da-fé was attacked and easily killed. Her death
proved to be all too human.

The Society excuses a cenacle of any such accidents, pro-
vided they are few and far between. The Inquisitors are expected
to be remorseful, and show proper penance, but they are other-
wise forgiven. A fellow Inquisitor (who must be an ordained
priest) will hear confession, but otherwise little is said of it.

Ifacenacle's judgments prove incorrect too often, then
its effectiveness is seriously in question. The Society may
call certiorari against the entire cenacle, which is then
either disbanded, or put under the guidance of a Councillor
until it proves itself again.

Jurisprudence

The Society never had a true legal code until the
Florentine Decree, which became the basis for Society
canon law. Since the Decree, Society law has gone through
a number of transmutations and interpretations.

The Society still considers apostasy to be the greatest
crime. The Society deems any act which contradicts, inter-
feres with, or impedes an official ruling of the Inquisition to
be an act of apostasy. The guilty party is summoned to the
Provincial center, and his innocence is determined after a
hearing of indeterminate length.

Penalties vary, but they fall into four distinct categories:

ALittle Help from Friends

The Society of Leopold maintains a wide network
of spies, allies and friends, both within and without the
Church. Some are, of course, seeds planted by the
Society — Inquisitors who choose not to hunt, but to
stay in whatever Church (or public) office they might
hold, rising in prominence in order to assist the Society
in whatever means possible.

Others develop more informally: Inquisitors are
encouraged to develop friendships and relationships
with people who might be sympathetic to the Inquisi-
tion, even if they will not join it. Such individuals
include friends in other religious orders, or friends from
an individual's seminary or college days. Likewise, In-
quisitors maintain contact with laypeople, such as a
politician, businessman or police officer counseled by
an Inquisitor who was also a parish priest.

Some Inquisitors, particularly those who have been
operating for a number of years in one area, manage to
gather together a circle of allies that they can call upon
when in need. This circle is frequently built upon by
people that have been aided or saved by the Society, and
believe that they owe it some service (an attitude the
Society does not bother to correct). Some allies are
little more than muscle-power, called upon when the
Inquisitor fears that he might need a few well-armed
heavies loyal to his cause.

Some would argue that such individuals are pawns,
not truly friends of the Inquisition. The potential for
abuse does exist, and some murmur that the Inquisition
maintains files of individuals that can be blackmailed
should the need arise.


The loss of innocents is ever regrettable. Unfortu-
nately, this is a war, and innocents will suffer. While
Inquisitors will do their best to protect and save the life
of innocents — they are working for the betterment of
the world, after all — they realize that sometimes an
unlucky individual will get caught in the proverbial
crossfire. God will have mercy on the unfortunate soul,
and he will have died in the name of a higher cause.
Regardless, the loss of an innocent is something to be
mourned, as yet another of God's children dies due to
the actions of the Enemy. It's the Enemy's fault, after all.

There are other victims, however, that may appear
to be innocents; these are the individuals that may
"unknowingly" impede or interfere with the work of an
Inquisitor: the police officer who stops the speeding
Inquisitor in the middle of an auto-da-fé, the journalist
prying into Society business, the rent-a-cop hired by a
diabolist. These are individuals only "doing their job,"
or at least following their natures, not people who have
fallen into the snares of the Enemy.

The crafty Inquisitor knows better: she can see the
Devil's taint in other people. These are individuals who
obviously allowed themselves to do the Devil's work,
she will reason. If she can talk the rent-a-cop out of her
way, if she can dissuade the prying journalist, then so
much the better: the Lord has overcome. If other, more
drastic measures are required, then so be it: deus vult.

* Disobeying the Inquisitor-General. The culprit of
such an act is temporarily suspended from the Society. After
six months of discommodation, the guilty party is typically
reinstated.

¢ Treason. The revelation of any of the Society's
secrets to an outside (typically adversarial) party grants one
automatic expulsion. Such individuals tend to remain under
the surveillance of the Society. Those guilty of treason are
branded traditor.

High Treason. It is rare, but it has occurred: amember
of the Society actually "defects," intentionally choosing life
among the Supernaturals, or aiding them in some manner.
These culprits are automatically branded traditor and an
auto-da-fé is called upon them.

The Society and the Civil Authorities

The activities of the Society of Leopold, however noble
and divinely ordained, are typically illegal. A typical auto-
da-fé can include a medley of criminal activities, from
"stalking," to breaking and entering, to destruction of prop-
erty and first-degree murder. Add to the list carrying
concealed weapons (which may or may not be registered),
and you have a fairly hefty bundle of illegal acts under the
belt of your average Inquisitor.

While this might bother some Inquisitors, it is a moral
burden that inevitably disappears. After all, the Society of

4

Leopold follows a divine mission and a higher calling. The
laws of man, however just and proper, simply do not apply if
they interfere with the execution of the Society's mission.
The Society has always held the attitude that so long as
innocents are not injured, then Inquisitors will continue to
break such laws, however regretfully. The gun-control de-
bate pales next to the urgency of the Society's apostolate.

This is, of course, well and good for your average gun-
packing Inquisitor until she is getting frisked by a police
officer, who probably won't care about any apostolate or
Parousia, and will certainly remain unconvinced by talk of
the Devil's army walking the Earth. Most Inquisitors know
that if they are arrested, their best course of action is to shut
up; the less said, the better. Under no circumstances can
they reveal the truths of the Society.

The Society has arranged a number of measures to extri-
cate its members from precarious legal situations. The Society
will do its bestto help any member in legal trouble. The method
of dealing with such troubles varies from country to country; in
some places, a simple bribe is all that is necessary to release an
Inquisitor. In other places, particularly the United States, more
intricate work might be required, typically involving the assis-
tance of secular and civil pawns or colleagues. American
Inquisitors have committed to memory a telephone-number
which goes to private voice-mail simply for the purpose of
alerting the Society that legal assistance isneeded immediately.

If the Inquisitor has been apprehended for possession of
firearms, breaking or entering, or stalking, then the local
Provincial can usually work something out with the authori-
ties. Rare is the Provincial withoutallies in law enforcement.
In more drastic cases, e.g., where an Inquisitor can actually
be traced to a murder, the Society has to determine the best
course of action. On occasion, they have even faked an
Inquisitor's death to throw off the authorities, with the
suspect-Inquisitor moved to a new Province (frequently a
different country). In general, though, Inquisitors are pre-
pared to go to jail for a very long time until something can
be arranged for their release. Incarceration is an excellent
opportunity for reflection and meditation, after all.

The Map of Faith

Since its creation, the Society of Leopold has managed
to insinuate itself across the globe to various degrees in
various nations. The world is split up into provinces, the
borders of which may change from the reign of one Inquisi-
tor-General to another. What follows is a brief look at the
activities of the Society across the world today, with histori-
cal notes as appropriate.

Italy

Italy has been the official home of the Inquisition for
the past 500 years, ever since the reorganization of the
Society. It has the largest number of Cenacula of any other
country in Western Europe, as well as the oldest surviving
Cenacula in the world. The most notable Cenacula outside
of Rome are located in Venice, Ferrara, Florence and Padua.

26 Tue Inquisition

Rome
Roma, non basta una vita
(Rome, one lifetime is not enough.)
— Roman proverb

Rome, the Eternal City, the center of the Catholic tradi-
tion, is also the location of the Monasterio di San Michele. San
Michele's is the heart, soul and brain of the Society of Leopold.
Many Inquisitors are trained and initiated here, the Inquisitor-
General is located here, and it is the site of the Society's
impressive library and collection of relics. Many Cenaculahave
tisen and fallen in the history of the Society, but San Michele's
sanctity and security remain unbreached. San Michele's is
discussed in detail later in this chapter.

Western Europe

Spain

The Spanish Inquisition, although a thing of the past,
nonetheless left its mark on the character of the Society in
Spain. More than a few Inquisitor-Generals have been
Spaniards, and the Cenaculum of the Monastery of St.
Thomasat Avila (built by the Grand Inquisitor Torquemada
as his home and a prison for his victims) has long been
known for its effectiveness — and its ruthlessness.

Germany

The German Society fell into disarray when the
Cenaculum of Cologne, caught up in the spirit of Reforma-
tion, defected to the Lutherans in the late 16th century and
renamed itself the Cologne Synod. This action set the
Society's various German cenacles squabbling for over a
century, fighting over everything from Christian doctrine to
proper Inquisitorial procedure. The Inquisitor-General of
the time wisely ordered the Society to quit its harassment of
the Cologne Synod and get on with its business.

Over the course of the next century, the control of a
number of Cenacula shifted to the Lutherans. The majority
of the country's Society Cenacula are in southern Germany,
with a few faithful still remaining in northern Germany.
The Society of Leopold and the Cologne Synod have reached
an uneasy alliance, and as long as they have common
enemies, this alliance will most likely be maintained.

Austria

The Austrian Cenacle in Vienna reports not-infre-
quent encounters with sorcerously inclined vampires, a
situation which troubles the Society to no end. The last
Provincial of Austria contacted the Inquisitor-General,
claiming that he had important information on this matter,
but the phone lines were disrupted, and he disappeared. The
Vienna Cenacle is now in a constant state of alert, and the
new Provincial, Ingrid Bauer, is investigating the situation
with her typically icy demeanor.

The Society of Leopold is not very strong in England,
having been slowly supplanted by the Society of Saint

George, an Anglican organization headquartered in Lon-
don. While a few small Catholic cenacles remain, they
grumble about the lack of attention they receive from the
Inquisitor-General.

The Society of Leopold is still strong in Ireland, how-
ever. It has remained true to its calling and has not engaged
in any political or religious conflict, although it has often
suspected that vampires create much of this strife. The Irish
branches of the Society have reported a number of encoun-
ters with creatures bearing striking resemblance to the fey
folk of Celtic lore, and have started to lose interest in the
pursuit of vampires. In their own way, they have fallen to the
glamours of the faerie.

France

One of the largest and oldest Cenacula outside San
Michele's itself is located at Notre Dame cathedral. There
was some discussion of moving the headquarters of the
Society here in the 1960s, but this talk was summarily
dismissed. The French Inquisitors always tend to be a little
more argumentative than the rest of their Western Euro-
pean brethren, but nonetheless they maintain the authority
of the Inquisitor-General in Rome.

The head of the Order of Saint Joan, the Abbess of
Chartres, is also located in France.

Switzerland

Ina particularly ironic twist, the head of the Society in
Geneva was burnt at the stake by the followers of Calvin,
who accused him of witchcraft. His colleagues fled Switzer-
land, and the Society has never recovered from its loss there.
Ofcourse, witch-hunters, including members of the Society,
still operate in Switzerland, but the Society there is no
longer a leading presence.

Northern Europe
The venerable Cenaculum in Amsterdam is a clearing-
house for information for all the northern countries in Europe.
It is strategically placed and was founded in the 17th century
when Holland was the wealthiest nation in the world. The
coffers of the Amsterdam Cenaculum reflect this.

Eastern Europe

The Society of Leopold has never been strong in Eastern
Europe. Eastern Europe, since the schism of the Eastern Church
and through its Ottoman history and later communist regimes,
has long kept much of the Roman Catholic Church out of the
various countries. However, the Eastern Orthodox fellowship
called the Akritai has acted admirably in lieu of the Society.
The Akritai ("Borderguards") are descended from a Byzantine
military organization originally meant to protect the borders
from the Muslims and other infidels.

With the collapse of communism, the Society has made
inroads into placing cenacles in Eastern Europe. However,
the Society is unfamiliar with the supernatural activities in
Eastern Europe, and progress is very slow. The Society has
reported particular difficulties in Russia.

Cuapren One: Tae Way 0

bs

ys

The MiddleEast

The Society has only one Cenaculum in the Middle
East: Jerusalem. The Jerusalem Cenaculum is old and well-
established, and has some autonomy, thanks to the history
of the area. A Muslim brotherhood called the Ikhwan al-
Safa, the Brethren of Purity, has more than adequately
carried out the task of the witch-hunter in the Middle East.
Little is known about this secret society save that its head-
quarters appears to be in Mecca.

The Society has tried to increase its holdings in the Middle
East, but to no avail. The Ikhwan al-Safa have proven some-
what resistant to these attempts, but nobody knows if actual
conflict will develop. Regardless, the Society is curious as to the
activities in a number of traditionally Islamic strongholds,
including Baghdad, Tehran and the Arab nations.

The Orient
The FarEast

The Society of Leopold has been forced to concede that
its activities in the Far East are a complete and utter failure.
The members of the first cenacle that accompanied the
Portuguese to Japan were found dead within a week of their
arrival. The Society, locked into its Western mindset, is
hampered by its almost complete ignorance of the variety of
supernatural beings that inhabit the Far East.

The Society's most successful Inquisitor in China, the
18th-century Jesuit Balthazar Richter, disappeared in the
height of his career. He has reportedly been seen since then,
as late as 1985. Needless to say, this case is under investiga-
tion by the Society.

South Asia
The Society does not have a noticeable presence in
South Asia. While it has a Cenaculum in Calcutta, the
membership is not very strong. The Inquisitor-General
seems to almost entirely ignore South Asia.

North America

North America is second only to Western Europe in the
strength of its Inquisition. Careful analysis of the reports made
by the American cenacles to the Inquisitor-General has shown.
that there is a great deal of significant supernatural activity in
North America, particularly in the United States.

The provinces in Canada are split up to match the
Canadian provinces. The most influential Cenaculum in
Canada is in Quebec City.

The United States
The United States is loosely broken into six provinces:
the Mid-Atlantic, the Southeast, the Northeast, the Mid-
west and the West. The Western province may soon split
into two provinces.

Tue Inouisition

The oldest Cenacula in the United States are in Phila-
delphia, Baltimore, New Orleans and Boston. The American
cenacles, much like most American Catholics, tend to be
more democratic and less traditional than their European
counterparts, but are no less effective.

The Mid-Atlantic Provincial, Peter Nicholson, O.P., is
also the chief-ranking American Provincial, and the head of
the entire Society in the United States. Nicholson is an
aging Dominican with failing health. His Cenaculum is in
the Brookland neighborhood of Washington, D.C., some-
times called the "Little Vatican" because of the presence of
the Catholic University of America and the high number of
cloisters, convents and religious houses in the area.

Central America

Central America is considered an entire province of its
own, with the Provincial located in Mexico City, which
holds one of the Western Hemisphere's oldest Cenacula.

Because of Mexico's strong historical connections with
Spain, particularly during the Inquisition proper, the Mexican
Provincial is in close contact with the Spanish Provincial. Their
relationship is so close that the current Inquisitor-General has
become somewhat annoyed that he is often consulted on
administrative matters after the Spanish Provincial. On the
other hand, the Mexican Society has had more difficulty in
hunting out and eliminating vampires than has any other
cenacle; the vampires in Mexico City seem particularly strong
and vicious and take a special delight in tormenting Inquisitors.

South America

This area's provinces change frequently. The larger
countries are considered provinces of their own, with smaller
nations attached to the jurisdiction of various larger coun-
tries. The Society has been quite active in South America,
coming over with the Portuguese and Spanish explorers.

Mrica

The Society of Leopold has a number of Cenacula in
Africa. However, in spite of their age and the attention that
the Society pays to them, they are not among the most
successful in their task. The oldest and most famous Cenacula
are in Cairo and Alexandria. The Society is only now
accepting that it cannot apply the lessons learned from
European supernaturals to those encountered in the "Dark
Continent," particularly sub-Saharan Africa.

Communication between various provinces and
Cenacula is varied, but mostly restricted. In most places,
communication is by letter or telephone. The Society has
yet to explore the Internet as a medium of communication
or research by the Society as a whole, even if various
Inquisitors may be Net-savvy. Intra-province communica-
tion is much more common than inter-province; news
concerning distant provinces is usually heard as gossip or in
reports from the Inquisitor-General.

Monasterio diSan Michele
History

San Michele's is, without a doubt, the heart and soul of
the Society of Leopold. It has been the headquarters of the
Society since 1488, housing the Society's collection of
relics, its magnificent library, and the tomb of Leopold of
Murnau. Located approximately a half-hour's car ride from
the Vatican, San Michele's has been a retreat and meeting
place for hundreds of Inquisitors and remains an inviolable
sanctuary against the forces of darkness.

The very ground upon which San Michele's now stands
is rich in religious history. Before the construction of San
Michele's, the site was known to be home to an Etruscan
cult, then a little-known Roman cult which disappeared
around the birth of Christ. It was then the site of a Mithraic
cult (the mithraeum of which is rumored to still exist
beneath the foundations of San Michele's). Whether it has
ahistory of worship before the Etruscans is not documented.

The site was abandoned for approximately 100 years,
until Antonius, the Roman soldier who founded the Order
of St. Michael, began the construction of a basilica in honor
of the Archangel in A.D. 413. The basilica was only a part
of a larger structure, including gardens, cloisters, and a
number of out-buildings designed to support his entire
religious community. Antonius came from a family of no
small wealth, and the plans were extensive. He directed the
construction of the basilica and surrounding structures;
much of the edifice belies his military heritage. Although
the entire structure appears, from the exterior, to be of
simple construction with plain materials, the interior was a
masterpiece of craftsmanship. The monastery and the ba-
silica were crowning examples of Christian architecture, but
even so they were slowly modified through time.

The Order of St. Michael slowly diminished in popular-
ity, and by the 15th century it could claim no more than a
dozen members. In 1488, when the reigning Pontiff reorga-
nized and strengthened the Society of Leopold, various sites
were considered for locating the Society. The Monasterio di
San Michele, now housing only 10 brothers, was deemed the
best choice for the revitalized Society's new quarters. The
Order of St. Michael was subsumed by the Society of Leopold,
and the Society took residence in San Michele's.

The structure is both large and well-protected; its clois-
ter, basilica, various outbuildings and gardens are hidden
behind massive walls; little can be seen above the walls
except for top floors of the major buildings, and the statue of
St. Michael Archangel which crowns the basilica. Archi-
tecturally, the structure went through a number of phases, as
Byzantine, Gothic, Renaissance and ultimately some Ba-
Toque renovations were made to its design.

Locations of Note in San Michele's

To step through the gates of San Michele is to enter the
past, where a crowded Baroque topiary blends oddly with
both looming Byzantine stonework and delicate Renais-
sance statuary. The presence of cars, silently cruising down

Cuapren One: Tue Way oF tae Maryn


Oy 7 sq

yy ee)

WS

orderly paved driveways, does not destroy the illusion — the
automobiles themselves appear the illusion, anachronistic
mechanisms intruding vainly in the eternity of the Holy
City.

Of the many buildings within San Michele's walls, a
number stand out: the basilica, the aedificium and the
cloisters. Other buildings, less important and smaller, have
been built or rebuilt over the centuries, including stables,
garages, servants quarters, etc. Security is high throughout
San Michele's, including both electronic surveillance and
armed guards, courtesy of the Condotierri.

The walls of San Michele's are 25 feet tall; although
they were not designed to repel military invasion, they are
not easily penetrated. They were built to ensure complete
privacy and some measure of protection from the secular
world. The only entrance to San Michele's is through the
main gate, which is usually guarded at any time by two
Condotierri lances.

The Aedificium

This imposing structure contains the administrative
offices of the Society, including the office chambers of the
Inquisitor-General, the Steward (the individual responsible
for the maintenance of San Michele's), the Office of the
Censor, the Condotierre-General and a host of less impor-
tantadministrators. In addition, the aedificium contains the
Society's library and Reliquary.

Mithraism

Mithraism was a mystery religion that grew around
the same time as Christianity and proved to be a serious
rival. By the second century A.D.., it had spread as far as
Britain. Mithras was a warrior god and the preserver of
truth and order, and the cult's worshippers were exclu-
sively male. Mithraism was popular among Roman
soldiers.

Common elements of Mithraism were a belief in
resurrection, which would be guaranteed by worship-
ping Mithras, and the sharing of communal bread and
wine. The Mithraic temple, or mithraeum, was com-
monly an underground structure.

The Library

The Society of Leopold's library is one of the world's
oldest and most impressive collections of occult lore. Its
beginnings lie in the library of San Michele's, begun with
the founding of the Michaelites, who collected heavily in
areas on the occult, the supernatural, demonology and
magic. When San Michele's was given over to the Society,
the Michaelites' venerable collection traded hands as well.
Added to the Michaelite library were the collections of
various Inquisitors. With their new centralized library, the
Society began a serious and systematic acquisitions policy.
They have done much work on tracking down occult tomes
old and new. One of the few other mortal libraries that

30 Tue Inquisition

matches the Society's in scope and depth is the library of the
Arcanum, which is only a century old — an impressive feat
on the Arcanum's part.

Few Inquisitors ever see any part of the library beyond
the main reading room, filled with tables and chairs, desks,
and carrels. The only books available in the reading room
are a host of encyclopedias, linguistic works, dictionaries
and other basic reference materials. The offices of the
Librarian and his assistants adjoin the reading room. A
number of small private reading/conference rooms are also
set off from the main room.

The remainder of the library, rarely seen by anyone
other than the Librarian and his assistants, includes the
book stacks, the special collections vault (which contains
many of the older works), and the secured vault which
houses the Corpus Maleficarum. All of the library's rooms
have been updated to current archival specifications for the
preservation of manuscripts and books.

Any member of the Society of Leopold has access to the
library and its general collection, but permission of either
the Librarian or the Inquisitor-General is required to gain
access to the Corpus Maleficarum. Some works in the
Corpus have been reproduced for easier access by Inquisi-
tors. The full contents of the Corpus, however, are so secret
that even its catalog and index are kept in the librarian's
office. A single Condotierre is typically posted on duty.

The Great Reliquary

The Great Reliquary is a large vault (with controlled
climate and lighting) that stores the Society's many relics.
The reliquary has an ante-chamber which is used for the
occasional display. The office of the Reliquarian (custodian
of relics) adjoins the ante-chamber.

The Great Reliquary has at least one Condotierri lance
on duty at all times.

The Basilica

The basilica is the primary place of worship for all
within the walls of San Michele's. It is an elaborate structure
of contrasting architectural styles, from 5th-century mosaic
work to Baroque filigree. In all, though, it is an inspiring
sight. The basilica is open for private worship throughout
the day and night. Daily liturgies are held here at 7 a.m. and
noon, and three times on Sunday.

The lower level of the basilica contains a number of
smaller chapels, usually dedicated to private worship, as well
as the tomb of Leopold and the entrance to the ossuary.

The basilica is not the only place of worship; the
aedificium contains two chapels (including a private one for
the Inquisitor-General). The dormitory and a number of the
larger outbuildings also contain at least a small chapel.

The Tomb of Leopold

Leopold of Murnau is buried here, in a small chapel
decorated with murals of Leopold's life. The tomb-slab is a
marble effigy of Leopold at rest, his hands clasping a simple
cross at his breast. The dome of the chapel contains a fresco

of Leopold ascending to heaven, surrounded by saints and
angels.

je Ossuary

The ossuary is the burial place of past Inquisitors. It was
originally a network of catacombs for early Christians; when
San Michele's was built, it became the resting place for
deceased Michaelites. Ultimately, it became a burial place
for Inquisitors who did not make previous arrangements.

The ossuary is a sprawling labyrinth of rough-hewn
tunnels. The walls of the tunnels are filled with loculi, some
open, some sealed. It is not uncommon for the bones of the
unidentified dead to simply be found resting in a corner of a
loculus. When Michaelites were buried, their bones were
simply deposited in an open loculus.

The Society seals the loculi of deceased Inquisitors,
mounting a small plaque to identify the remains.

The Sons of Tertullian, a subgroup of the Society which
focuses on ghosts and wraiths, claim that the shroud be-
tween the living and the dead is thin in the ossuary. Whether
this is true or more Tertullian paranoia has yet to be officially
determined.

Although the ossuary's main entrance is from the ba-
silica, it also has a small, typically locked entrance that
descends from the gardens. It is also rumored to have a
number of other hidden entrances that lead to the cloisters
and the aedificium. The ossuary's tunnels reach beneath the
entirety of San Michele's.

The Cloisters

The cloisters is the large plainstone three-story building
which houses the Inquisitors who live in residence. Itcan lodge
200 Inquisitors in spartan accommodations, but the almost 100
currently living there do so under more comfortable surround-
ings. The cloisters includes two kitchens, amain dining hall and
three smaller dining chambers. The first floor of the cloisters
contains a large chapel, usually used just for private devotion,
and smaller private chapels may be found on the top two floors.

OtherPlaces

The Loggia: This Renaissance mini-palazzo is the private
lodging for Monsignor Amelio Carpaccio, the current Inquisi-
tor-General, and hishouse staff, setnear the gardens. The loggia
always has a lance of Condotierri on the premises.

The Gardens: The center of San Michele's is a topiary
display of the fountains and flower-beds that prove popular
for a contemplative stroll.

Infirmary: Originally the balneary (bathhouse), this
building now houses the small infirmary and medical offices
for the Society; the infirmary's staff provides for the general
health of the Inquisitors that live at San Michele. The
Sisterhood of Saint Claire runs the infirmary, which is
managed by a "physician-in-attendance"— a sister of Saint
Claire who is also a medical doctor.

The Dormitory: This building has been the home of the
Condotierri since the 16th century, when the organization was

Gunpren One: Tae Wav of

formed. It can barrack up to 100 Condotierri, but typically only
25 currently live there. It also contains the private quarters of
the Condotierre-General, the armory of San Michele, and
since the 1960s, a firing range and gymnasium. The latter two
features are for use by the entire Society, but are utilized
primarily by members of the Condotierri.

There are also a number of other, smaller buildings:
garages, work sheds, etc.

ity

The entire complex is heavily protected by a number of
methods. In addition to the armed Condotierri and the
Inquisitors who reside within the Monastery, the complex is
wired with a multi-stage surveillance system that is almost
impossible to penetrate.

San Michele's has a strong True Faith rating (True
Faith and Holy Ground are explained more fully in Chapter
Four: Storyteller's Aids). The location itself has long been a
site of religious activity. This, combined with the Ossuary's
cthonic network, the basilica and the chapels that dot the
monastery grounds, and the fervor and zeal of the resident
Inquisitors, make San Michele's literally radiate True Faith.
This rating fluctuates in various sites:

Site Faith
Ossuary 8
Basilica 7
Chapels 5
Everything else: 4

The long religious history of this site shows that it is rich
innumina. The presence of the Society of Leopold here isno
coincidence.

A number of Theurgic wards are also believed to be in
place, further protecting San Michele's, but neither the
Inquisitor-General nor the Brethren of Albertus are willing
to confirm this.

Church Orders

Dominicans, Franciscans, Jesuits — who are these people?

There are a considerable number of religious orders
within the Catholic Church, and these have played nosmall
role in the history of the Church proper and the Society of
Leopold. A few of the better known orders are explained
below. Many other orders could be listed: Paulists, Salesians,
Marists, Capuchins, Redemptorists, Oratorians,
Hieronymites, Augustinians, etc., but this discussion is
limited to some of the better known religious ones.

Most of the following orders require vows of poverty,
chastity and obedience. Members of the various orders
identify their affiliation by the use of initials or acronyms at
the end of their name; these initials are provided for each
order discussed.

ictines

The Order of Saint Benedict (O.S.B.) is a grouping of
priests, nuns and lay brothers who follow the Rule of St.
Benedict of Nursia, which was written in A.D. 520 for the
monks of Monte Cassino. The Rule is considered more
practical than austere, and calls for a combination of prayer,
labor, study and other exercises. It also requires a regular
recital of the Daily Office and the Divine Office.

The majority of Benedictine work is on prayer and
liturgy; however, many abbeys have also engaged in work
compatible with external community life, including educa-
tion. Benedictinesare active in liturgical renewal and reviving
medieval church music.

More properly known as the Order of Friars Preachers
(O.P.), this order was founded by St. Dominic in 1215 topreach
the Gospels and to combat vice and doctrinal or moral error.

The Dominicans are made of three orders: the First Order,
comprised of priests and brothers; the Second Order, comprised
ofcloisterednuns; and the Third Order, which has twobranches
— sisters who live in communities and engage in social and
mission work, and laypeople who seek to emulate Dominican
ideals outside a monastic community. The typical garb of
community Dominicans isa white tunic and hood (or a veil for
sisters), a black mantle anda rosary. The Dominicans follow the
Rule of St. Augustine, which enjoins community living, the
asceticism of silence, and solemn choir service. (Stricter Do-
minicans abstain from eating meat.)

Franciscans

St. Francis of Assisi founded three orders, all of which call
themselves "Franciscan" and are unified by their claims that
they live per the ideals of the saint. The First Order was founded
in 1209, and currently includes three autonomous groups: the
Order of Friars Minor (O.F.M.), the Order of Friars Minor
Conventional, and the Order of Friars Minor Capuchin. The
Second Order is comprised of cloistered nuns known as the
Poor Clares (after their founder, Saint Clare). The Third Order
was founded for laypeople who wish to exemplify the ideals of
Franciscan piety in secular life; because many of these individu-
als ultimately take public vows, there are two divisions: the
Third Order Secular and the Third Order Regular.

The Franciscans are the largest religious order in the
Roman Catholic Church; each division is jurisdictionally
distinct. The Franciscans, through their history, have prac-
ticed evangelism (for better and worse), built hospitals,
tended the ill and poor, and engaged in historical research
and teaching. In their early history, the Franciscans, with
their emphasis on the poverty of Christ and the Church,
were accused more than once of heresy.

Tue Inquisition

Jesuits

The Society of Jesus (S.J.), founded by Saint Ignatius of
Loyola in 1540, grew rapidly across the world. Jesuit missionaries
were instrumental in taking Catholicism to Asia, Africa and
Latin America, while Jesuit scholars contributed to theology,
linguistics, and philosophy. The goal of the Society of Jesus is
twofold: its own salvation and the salvation of all humanity.
The Jesuits are not limited to a particular apostolate (hospital,
school, mission, etc.). Ignatius abandoned many conventional
monastic practices which he felt conflicted with an active
apostolate: communal singing of the divine office, compulsory
fasts, and penances were among these practices. Many contem-
porary Jesuits stress more social activism than Catholicorthodoxy.

There are four grades of Jesuits: scholastics, younger
members who train for the priesthood; lay brothers (tempo-

ral coadjutors), who tend to the domestic needs of the
community; priests (spiritual coadjutors) with simple vows;
and professed fathers, priests of greater intellectual advance-
ment, with solemn vows of poverty, chastity and obedience.

Jesuit training is rigorous and lengthy, including a
novitiate (two years) philosophical study (three years),
apostolate work (two to three years), theological study (four
years, with ordination after the third), and the tertianship
(one year): prayer, study, and pastoral work. Vows typically
follow the tertianship, and for many, advanced academic
work (e.g., a doctorate) then ensues. The process is designed
to weed out unworthy individuals, to build the requisite
skills for ministry and to engage in a deeper union with God
through Ignatius' Spiritual Exercises.

Cuapten One: Tue Way oF THe Martyn 33



The First Point. Imagine the leader of all the enemy in that
great plain of Babylon. He is seated ona throne of fire and smoke,
in aspect horrible and terrifying.

The Second Point. Consider how he summons uncountable
devils, disperses some to one city and others to another, and thus
reaches into the whole world, without missing any provinces,
places, states, or individual persons.

— St. Ignatius of Loyola, The Spiritual Exercises

For the Society of Leopold, the Enemy is clear. He may
be obfuscated in the modern day, rationalized away, locked
in mythology and fairy tales, and simply disbelieved by the
populace at large, but he is the Enemy — the Antichrist. His
forces are manifold, and this legion of unholy warriors for
Armageddon is precisely what the Society of Leopold was
formed to combat. The Holy Office is no mere group of
curious priests or theologians. It is the new protector of an
unwilling Christendom. Its members are the new Crusaders,
who like their namesakes, cry out Deus Vult! God wills it!

The Society does not share all beliefs with its medieval
progenitor; "heresy," in today's world of ecumenism and
diversity, is not a strong buzzword in the Society. It is the
duty of the Church to combat heresy within its ranks, while
the Society of Leopold protects those ranks from the malefic
influences that would control or even destroy the Church
and humanity as well.

It is too easy to say that the Society of Leopold merely
"fears that which it does not understand." This is a gross

underestimation of the Society's mission, zeal and motiva-
tion. The Society understands what it needs to: vampires
control us and consider us little better than livestock;
werewolves terrorize and slaughter us; wraiths haunt and
even possess us. While the Society has its share of prejudices
—and what group, mortal or otherwise does not? — it can
hardly be blamed for fearing the supernatural.

The Society of Leopold must always be remembered in
light of its mission: it is the defender of God's people,
protecting them from the onslaught of the Enemy. Inquisi-
tors do not fight for real estate, or political power, or even for
the right to control another's belief: they fight to preserve
the very soul of the Christian world, created in God's glory.

The Society is not blinded by ignorance; if anything, it
merely has ideological blinders on. Otherwise, it is far-
seeing, looking ahead to the Parousia and the fulfillment of
its mission. Itcan only be understood in light of this mission.

Cuapten Two: Catecnism


B

* 4 gy

ak a

uF

hy,

\

The "Supernatural"

The term "supernatural" does not necessarily have
a negative connotation within the Catholic tradition.
The supernatural is simply that which transcends the
natural; miracles, the angels, the sacraments and any
manifestation of the Divine which alters the natural
order of things is thus supernatural. The supernatural
per se is not evil; only that which is supernatural, but
"not of God or from God," is evil. When this text speaks
of the apostolate and mission of the Holy Office to rid
the world of the supernatural, it is implicit that the
supernatural in question is neither of God or from God.
The Society accepts the supernatural quality of the
Divine; it merely rejects anything that falls outside such
parameters.

The Corpus Maleficarum

Since its formation, the Society has kept detailed records
on its activities and research. Any bit of lore, gossip and
trivia has been recorded. Every auto-da-fé has been docu-
mented and archived. Every speculation or hypothesis on
the supernatural has been analyzed and compared with
known facts. This ever-growing private collection, loosely
named the Corpus Maleficarum (not to be confused with the
Compendium Maleficarum or the Malleus Maleficarum), has
been the basis of Inquisitor ideology and action for the past
seven centuries.

True, the Society's observations and understandings
are somewhat transformed by their bias; they are also some-
what incomplete, and in some cases, even wildly inaccurate.
However, for a mortal Society without private entrée into
the World of Darkness, the Corpus is an amazing compila-
tion of research and analysis.

Inquisitor Canon

The Society's library holds thousands of works on the
occult, the supernatural, magic, and religion. However, only
a few are considered truly canonical.

The Testamentof Leopold

The Testament of Leopold ranks foremost among the
texts of the Society. This text, composed in Vulgate Latin,
isa combination of journal entries, beliefs, observations and
sermons by Leopold of Murnau. It is followed by the "First
Days," a history of the first decade of the Society's history,
written by Damian, a Dominican novice under Leopold's
tutelage. Although many of Leopold's observations on the
physiology of various supernatural creatures have been su-
perseded by more accurate information, the Testament isstill
revered for its clarity and piety. The Testament also includes
anumber of visions which Leopold received, many of which
tell of the coming Parousia and the last Crusade which must
be fought. There is much of the Testament which, written
entirely in symbolic language, still defies explanation.

— n

The Malleus Malefica

The "Hammer of Witches," composed by the Domini-
can Inquisitors Henry Kramer and James Sprenger in 1489,
is a manual on the technique of witch-hunting. It contains
witch lore and fully details the proper procedure for a witch
trial. Much of its juridical information is no longer valid or
appropriate, but it is still considered important and influen-
tial reading for every Inquisitor.

The Compendium Maleficarum
The Compendium is a collection of writings by the
Ambrosian monk Francesco Maria Guazzo, thoroughly de-
scribing the practice and profession of witchcraft, as well as
appropriate ways to counter it. Again, some information has
been superseded, but it is still an encyclopedic collection of
occult lore which most Inquisitors have read at least once.

This is principally an archive of the Society of Leopold's
activities and observation since its founding. Technically,
The Testament of Leopold is included in this collection, but
the Testament is usually reserved a more revered place. The
Corpus does not contain the archives of the day-to-day
operations of the Society; instead, it contains the transcripts
of trials, notes on witch-hunts (successful and unsuccessful),
and observations of the Society's leading Inquisitors and
witch-hunters.

Stereotypes

The Society of Leopold's perceptions of its prey are not
always accurate or unbiased. Error, lack of objectivity and
misconception have worked together to create the Society's
unique views of its prey.

Vampires

Vampires, according to some within the Society, are
demons that have come to inhabit the bodies of the dead.
These demons are cunning, to be sure; so cunning that they
carefully mimic the personality and habits of the souls they
have come to replace. However, their infernal genesis (and
in some cases, infernal genius) is clear, and the danger that
vampires represent is equally lucid: each vampire seeks to
create another of its kind, so that yet another devil may walk
the Earth. One fellowship within the Society, known as the
Children of Lazarus, is particularly devoted to the extermi-
nation of these devils.

It is not clear when the Inquisition itself became aware
of the existence of the Kindred. The first encounters most
likely occurred some time near the Council of Toulouse, but
the Society of Leopold has been unable to find these records.

The two most likely scenarios posit that the Inquisition
learned of the existence of the Kindred during either the
Albigensian crusade or the Spanish Inquisition, times when
Ventrue nobles and Brujah rebels alike were caught under
the Crusaders' swords. A letter from Torquemada indicates
that he had one heretic in his capture who displayed the
most amazing recuperative abilities and physical strength,

a

36 "Tue Inquisition

but was inordinately terrified of fire. The letter does not
discuss more, and it was not followed up, but it is likely that
this "heretic" was a young Kindred.

When Leopold formed his Society, he and his followers
were quite aware of the existence of vampires, and had most
likely sent a few to the Final Death. However, they had little
information on the Kindred community. The Society was
ignorant of the vampiric traditions, of the clans, and of
Kindred mythology and history. They knew nothing of the
Camarilla-Sabbat strife which appeared as a result of the
Masquerade, or of the Inconnu. The ultimate irony, of
course, is that the Inquisition is responsible for the Masquer-
ade itself.

Much of this ignorance was the Society's fault. Leopold's
followers cared nothing for learning about Kindred politics
or ideology; Inquisitors were concerned with only unsophis-
ticated stake-and-destroy missions. Furthermore, standard
operating procedures called for two actions regarding a
vampire's belongings: take anything of value (for the Society's
coffers) and torch the rest. This "rest," unfortunately, in-
cluded many valuable diaries and tomes of Kindred history
and lore, which would have benefited the Society greatly.
Such incendiary behavior wasnot uncommon for the Church
during the Reformation and in later times.

It was only in the late 18th century that the Society
decided to collect and read any writings confiscated from
Kindred. Unfortunately, much vampiric writing is literary
dross: anecdotes and observations accumulated over centu-
ries of egocentric existence. The Society could glean little of
vampiric politics from what was recovered. There are rumors
among the Kindred, however, that the sealed vault of San
Michele's library contains at least one complete copy of the
Book of Nod.

The Society's Inquisitors do not fully understand the
nuances of vampiric physiology. Certainly, they understand
the basics: vampires are undead, with sometimes immense
power, and they require blood for sustenance. Beyond this,
however, they have been unable to separate fact from
speculation.

To make matters worse, they do not fully comprehend
the vampiric Disciplines. If one vampire displays tremen-
dous amounts of strength, Inquisitors assume that all vampires
are similarly powerful. If they see one Kindred practicing
Thaumaturgy, then it would appear to reason that all vam-
pires possess the same diabolic skills. Instead of making the
Society "prepared for anything," these misconceptions tend
to lock Inquisitors into static interpretations of all vampires.
They have yet to see that vampires have variegated abilities
and cannot be easily classified. They have noticed, however,
that newer vampires appear to be much weaker than the
older vampires appeared to be. Whether this is a fact, or
whether previous Inquisitors were prone to hyperbole, has
yet to be determined.

Recently, though, Society Inquisitors have come to
take a more analytical approach to their prey. While their
zeal is undiminished, these Inquisitors have come to com-

,

mr

Haass =

Cuapter Two: Carecnism 37


prehend that they cannot simply run willy-nilly about,
staking and torching vampires, without first truly under-
standing what they face. Some Inquisitors have even come
tocalling vampires Kindred, and their willingness to learn as
much as is possible about Kindred society has worried the
Censors, ever-vigilant for a sign of taint.

Werewolves

Noone can doubt but that all the arts and metamorphoses by
which witches change men into beasts are deceptive illusions and
opposed to all nature. I add that any one who holds the contrary
opinion is in danger of Anathema... For a human soul cannot
inform the body of a beast, any more than the soul of a lion can
inhabit the body of a horse, or the soul of a horse the body of a
man: because...the soul regulates the motions of the organic
body.

— Franceso Guazzo, Compendium Maleficarum

Popular misconception has it that the lycanthropic
curse is transmitted through the bite of one of these crea-
tures. The Society knows this to be false, but has yet to agree
upon a single theory that explains lycanthropy. Regardless
of which belief is followed, such creatures are still always
referred to by their popular monikers: werebeast, lycanthrope,
shapeshifter, et al. Currently, two views prevail regarding
their origin.

The first view, and much older view, is that of Guazzo's
which contends that Lupines and other shapeshifters are
merely witches practicing their artifice. This view is sup-

ported by the fact that many humans do not see the
"werewolves," only humans on a blood-rampage; appar-
ently, the illusory powers of the witches are limited, and do
not affect every witness.

Another view, one which is gaining in prominence,
contends that innocent children are kidnapped, and their
young bodies become the hosts for bestial demons that
eventually taint the humans down to their very soul, warp-
ing their beliefs and understandings. Many a good Christian
soul has been lost to these pagan devils, being led to a false
nature-worship in addition to demonic bestiality. This view
is espoused by some Inquisitors who have studied the social
patterns of the creatures that gather into various "tribe
This group disagrees with Guazzo on the nature of "illusory"
shapeshifting; such powers are all too real. Not surprisingly,
this group includes witch-hunters more experienced in
hunting Lupines.

Werewolves were most likely discovered during the
Cathari persecution, as these creatures either fought to save
their human relatives from the Crusaders or became victims
themselves. Early records show little information; the chance
of actually capturing, much less killing, a werebeast was slim.

As with vampires, the Inquisitors know little about
Lupine society. They have learned that the werewolves are
concerned with particular lineages, and gather together in
close social units. Inquisitors have learned little about Garou
cosmology, which is appropriate; the nature of Garou tradi-
tion is oral, not written. They have managed to cobble

ry fi

together a very small and incorrect understanding of the
Garou cosmology, but they are aware of the importance of
spirits to the Garou, and Inquisitors have fought werewolves
who seem to have a command of the spirits. Inquisitors
believe that these spirits are merely another type of demonic
entity, perhaps weaker than that which inhabits the Lu-
pines.

The Society is, of course, aware of the werewolves'
vulnerability to silver, and it takes as much advantage of this
fact as possible. The Society also notes that those cenacles
that encounter Lupines regularly fight with an inexplicable
ferocity, almost atavistic in nature.

The Society is relatively ignorant of the Bastet and
other types of shapeshifters. South Asian, African and
South American provinces are slowly starting to collate
information on varieties of werebeasts. Not that such dis-
tinctions really matter; they're all of the Devil anyway.

Mages

The Society of Leopold has long been aware of the
existence of mages. The Church itself has always known of
their existence, from the earliest days of the apostles. Mages
competed with the apostles and disciples of the early church,
attracting the-attention, faith and, in some cases, worship of
the populace.

When the Inquisition started in full-force, some In-
quisitors immediately went after witches, sorcerers and
others who trafficked with the Devil. Many mages, particu-
larly those belonging to an organization known as the
Celestial Choir, claimed to be God-fearing Christians, but
others were accused of diabolic activity. It mattered nothing
to the Inquisitors, who found the whole lot suspect of
diabolism. After all, where else could magical powers come
if not from the Devil?

The Society is ignorant of the Ascension War and is
only vaguely aware of the various Traditions as allied bands
of sorcerors. Members of the Society have fought represen-
tatives of the Nephandi and the Marauders, and some
Inquisitors have even won, although at great risk to their
souls and sanity. Regardless, the various ideological divi-
sions among mages are unknown to the majority of the
Society of Leopold, which simply groups togetherall sorcerors
and thaumaturgists.

Some few Inquisitors have reported being approached
by mages who have attempted a peaceful discussion. These
mages argue in grand philosophical terms, speaking of "para-
digms" and reality wars — even worse than their commerce
with devils is their Promethean belief that humans are the
architects of reality. These mages have attempted to assure
Inquisitors that only the best is planned, that all people will
become "Ascended." The majority of the Inquisitors thus
approached have rebuffed and refused the sorcerors, stead-
fast in their belief.

Inquisitors have noted one fascinating aspect of their
battle with sorcerors. The truly faithful have managed to
resist the Goetic abilities which these sorcerors wield: the

might of the Church shall always prevail. Even more inter-
esting, some mages seem undone by their own magics; some
Inquisitors have seen demonic entities actually appear to
take away the mage in the heat of a battle. The Society is
unsure of what this means, but they suspect that the Devil
comes to claim his own. Such is the price of hubris; let other
Fausts beware!

One trend within the Society of Leopold which some
have found disturbing is the increasing reliance on Theurgy.
The Society has granted provisional use of Theurgy, which
(as opposed to Goety) naturally calls upon the power of
heaven to work its magic, but such actions inevitably open
the door to goetic desires. The Albertines, a small faction
within the Society that endorses the use of Theurgy, is
constantly under the Society's scrutiny, and it is no surprise
that those most often investigated by the Censors are
Albertines.

Note that the Society refuses to use the more proper
plural of mage, "magi," claiming that this would confuse the
diabolists with the beneficent magi that recognized the
Messiah's birth. A variety of terms are used for mages,
including Goetists, diabolists, sorcerors, thaumaturgists,
witches and warlocks.

Infernal

Infernalists and diabolists, those that traffick with the
Devil — the Society groups these individuals with the
mages. Unfortunately, or fortunately for the Society, the
Infernalists and their ilk are nowhere near as bad as the
Society claims: they're even worse.

Wraiths

All the faithful of Christ are agreed that, through the power
and might of God, the souls of the departed can and do at times
appear to the living.

— Francesco Guazzo, Compendium Maleficarum

There are three dominant views on wraiths in the
Society of Leopold, which has yet to decide upon a formal
course of action.

The most lenient view mirrors that of the Catholic
Church, which has stated that God may allow a spirit to
return to the Earth for whatever purpose deemed necessary
according to its divine mission. In such a case, the Society
pities the tortured being, but is assured that an appropriate
destiny awaits the lost soul.

A second group believes that while the above theorem
may be true, more often devils will masquerade as these lost
souls. Sometimes the devils seek only to torment the living
by masquerading as the beloved deceased. Even worse, these
demons sometimes seek to control the living through pos-
session. Regardless, these foul spirits must be dealt with no
differently than any other diabolic spirit. The rite of Exor-
cism, known tomany Inquisitors, is called for in this situation.

A third philosophy is the most radical; it believes that
many reported wraith-sightings are genuine, and these are in
fact the souls of the departed. This group posits a hierarchy


of wicked souls hell-bent on wreaking havoc with the living.
These souls have been twisted and tainted, and are trapped
in a horrible state of limbo by none other than Lucifer
himself. The adherents of this philosophy include the Sons
of Tertullian and the even more radical Sect of Saint James,
as well as a few other Inquisitors who have become more
knowledgeable in the field of wraith lore.

Changelings
The Church has long felt the faerie-kind to be nothing
more than demons and devils disguised in a flesh more
palatable to believers. Now, though the general populace no
longer believes in the fey folk, the Society of Leopold does
not doubt their general existence and considers them as
grave a threat as ever.

Mummies

The Society is unaware of the true nature of mummies.
The Society has suspected that the mummies of myth may
exist as some monstrous thaumaturgic creation, revenants
trapped in a grotesque form of unlife, but the true definition
of mummies — immortal Egyptian sorcerors whose bodies
constantly circle through stages of renewal and atrophy —
is lost to the Inquisitors. The Society tends to treat any
encountered mummies as they would other sorcerors.

The Gypsies
Typically, the Society ignores much that occurs with
the Gypsies; these nomads too often escape the Society's
notice. Usually, Gypsy draba is also ignored as mere super-
stition, but more experienced Inquisitors know to avoid the
Gypsy's Evil Eye.

The Arcanum

The Society of Leopold has followed the existence of
the Arcanum very carefully. The Society is content that the
majority of the Arcanum's members are merely scholars and
investigators, who seek knowledge simply for the sake of
learning and understanding. However, the possibility of
temptation and corruption is always present, and the
Arcanum frequently seeks knowledge best left unlearned.
The Society of Leopold monitors the Arcanum to see which
way it heads — to illumination or damnation. Of course, the
Society has yet to pierce the deepest secrets of the Arcanum,
or to even fully understand its true nature. If they did, the
Holy Office would become much more concerned about the
goings-on in the Arcanum's Foundation House in England.

On few occasions, members of the Arcanum and the
Society may trade information, but this is an informal action
at best; it is certain that the leaders of the Arcanum and the
Society would not condone such overly generous communi-
cation.

Government

The Old World Society of Leopold considers the sepa-
ration of church and state a great loss for a variety of reasons,
chief of which being the resources and information available

to governmental and military intelligence agencies. Ameri-
can Inquisitors do not lament this particular fact, but they do
wish they knew what was in the federal government's files.

Other Witch-Hunters

The Society of Leopold is quite aware that it is not the
only organization in existence which seeks to destroy
supernaturals, and it is content with this fact. While the
Society would prefer a total hegemony, Inquisitors-General
have been wisely hesitant to commit resources to internecine
warfare. For now, a very uneasy and unofficial truce is in
effect, and other witch-hunters are now typically viewed as
allies. Nonetheless, the Society has its own observations
about a number of its competitors:

© Lone operatives: These groups, bereft of institutional
affiliation, are useful while they last — which is usually not
long. C'est la guerre.

© Society of Saint George: An Anglican group, prima-
rily operating in England, this society has retained much of
the structure of its Catholic forebears, in spite of its doctrinal
errors.

© Ikhwan al-Safa: This Muslim group, the Brethren of
Purity, is perhaps as old as the Society of Leopold — its
origins still unknown — and is a serious rival of the Society
in Muslim countries. The Society is very guarded when it
comes to this group, which claims to command the jinn in
its combat against the forces of Satan.

© The Akritai: This group, or rather, collection of
groups, made up of mostly Eastern Orthodox witch-hunters,
is considered a serious ally and competitor to the Inquisi-
tion. There are many of the Society who rue the Schism
merely because the forces of the Akritai would have been
part of the Inquisition. Aside from a slightly different struc-
ture (including mainly a lack of central authority), The
Akritai is remarkably similar to the Society of Leopold in its
orientation and zeal. The Greek Akritai community is the
oldest one, having its roots in Byzantine history (the Akritai
were originally border lords); their leader, the Exarch, is
believed to be an Orthodox monk residing on Mount Athos.

© The Judges: Styling themselves after the Judges of
Biblical tradition, these Jewish witch-hunters have sworn to
protect their community and their people from the children
of Lilith and other demons. They are fully ensconced in the
Judaic tradition, recognizing the Torah as their Scriptures
and the Talmud for scriptural interpretation and commen-
tary. In addition, they have their own private Talmud, a
secret compilation of teachings and arguments of earlier
Judges (somewhat akin to the Corpus Maleficarum of the
Society).

The Judges tend to ignore mages in lieu of bigger game:
the true Infernalists, as well as vampires and werewolves.
These witch-hunters, of course, have their own lore and
theories concerning the supernaturals, sometimes similar to
the Society's, sometimes different. Their ranks are as diverse
as those of the Society, from Kabbalists (who have consid-
erably fewer moral or intellectual qualms over the study and

an oe

application of Theurgy than do their Christian counter-
parts) to heavily-armed warriors, Rabbis and laypeople,
Orthodox and Reform. They convene in small groups, and
lack a central authority. The Judges are a small group. but
incredibly effective.
Divisions

The Society of Leopold, much like the Roman Church
itself, is made up of a number of smaller orders and subdivi-
sions. All members of the Inquisition share a common goal
— the elimination of the supernatural from the face of the
Earth — but they do not all share the same interests or
approach to things. There is a great deal of variance in how
different groups view the Society's mission. Some of the
subdivisions are merely sects allied by common ideology,
while others are official subdivisions authorized by the Holy
Office itself. The four official sub-orders within the Society
are the Condotierri, Gladius Dei, the Office of the Censor
and the Order of Saint Joan (which is itself actually a
distinct Order). The remaining groups are merely viewed as
sects.

Subdivisions

The Condotierri
The Condotierri, founded in the 15th century, is a
quasi-military order, more concerned with the safety and
security of the Society than they are with the actual comple-

tion of the Society's mission. Although the Condotierri, by
implication, shares the mission of the Society, the
Condotierri's own individual apostolate is the safeguarding
of the Society and its Inquisitors.

Condotierri have their own Novitiate, which is more
like "basic training," while their own hierarchy reflects a
military structure, with the Condotierre-General (selected
by the Inquisitor-General) in command. Members of the
Condotierri do not have as much freedom or autonomy as
other Inquisitors; they typically are given postings at the
Condotierre-General's discretion, although they are free to
make requests.

The Condotierri are well-trained in current firearms
techniques, security measures, unarmed combat and melee
warfare. Condotierri tend to be recruits from the military or
police professions, and they try to maintain their work
contacts however possible, particularly in order to procure
otherwise unavailable weapons and equipment. The
Condotierri are as well-armed and technologically advanced
ost national militaries, although they obviously lack the
larger ordnance.

Ranks within the Condotierri mirror those of the rest of
the Society, but it retains its original, stricter hierarchy, with
lower level Condotierri expected to obey the orders of
superiors. When a Condotierre operates in conjunction
with other Inquisitors, she generally cedes to the highest
ranking Inquisitor, unless the Condotierre feels (and can
justifiably prove) that the Society is put at unnecessary risk.


LM ie

ee MM LMM de

VM Md tipi

My ware 1M MMMM

OM AM EMMA MULT

ire )

\
Ua Area a i

ariel

Ee
ea

Generally, Condotierri are assigned to protect the larger
and older Cenacula. Smaller Cenacula often request the
presence of a Condotierre for some guarantee of safety or for
the completion of a particular mission, but they do not
always have the luxury of a permanent Condotierre in their
midst. Condotierri on duty in San Michele's typically wear
dark blue paramilitary uniforms, although on holy days and
at formal gatherings, they frequently wear a rather elaborate
Renaissance uniform similar to (but not quite as flamboyant
as) the clothing of the Swiss Guard. Condotierri on duty at
other Cenacula typically dress as they feel most comfortable,
typically in civilian garb.

Whenever possible, the Condotierri prefer to work in
their original operating units, the lances of three soldiers.

Gladius Dei

This corps d'élite, the "Sword of God," is the most
distinguished order within the entire Society. Its member-
ship is by invitation only, and is comparable toa knighthood
within the Society. Its members are, in many senses, the
ideal Inquisitors: loyal without fault, zealous, courageous
and capable. Members of Gladius Dei may be members of
any other Cenaculum, but may be called together to perform
the most dangerous missions which the Society may plan.

Members of Gladius Dei are hand selected by the
Inquisitor-General himself and act under his direct author-
ity. Unfortunately, invitation to join Gladius Dei is often

also an invitation to join the ranks of glorious martyrdom,
but its members are the most respected and effective Inquisi-
tors — while alive

Members of Gladius Dei may originally come from any
sect or faction, and are not required to end their affiliation
with these groups. Upon joining Gladius Dei, however,
connections with other sects often dissolve — particularly
where such connections might cause strife within Gladius
Dei. Loyalty is inevitably transferred from other allegiances
toward Gladius Dei. Some members of Gladius Dei operate
together as cenacles ("strike forces" might even be an
appropriate term), while others operate as part of standard
cenacles, prepared to be called to duty at any given moment.

Gladius Dei's members are cocky, even a tad arrogant,
but with good reason — no auto-da-fé called by Gladius Dei
has ever been a failure. Their critics refer to the order as
"God's Little Army." Even more cynical critics sometimes
wonder whether if Gladius Dei is nothing more than an
ecclesiastical bully, picking fights that it knows it will win.
Some autos-da-fé that would seem to be perfect for Gladius
Dei have been ignored, giving some credence to these
critiques. Most critics will still grudgingly acknowledge
Gladius Dei's effectiveness, but its reputation lacks the
pristine quality it once had.

Members of Gladius Dei often wear a ceremonial badge:
a gold sword lapel pin, worn blade down so that it resembles
a simple cross from a distance.


Office ofthe Censor

Like Gladius Dei, membership in the Office of the
Censor is offered by the Inquisitor-General. Typically, how-
ever, nominations for Censor candidates come to the
Inquisitor-General from the Office itself. Furthermore, the
Office of the Censor is considerably more organized than
Gladius Dei.

This Office is administered by a Provincial whose sole
duty is to tend to the organization and operations of the
Censors, rather than any particular province. Some within
the Inquisition fear that the Censors are becoming too
powerful and independent, and that the Office is trying to
enforce its own vision upon the Society. The Office of the
Censor has frequently been accused of having its own
private agenda, but such accusations are rarely made public.

When a Censor arrives to investigate an individual or
aCenaculum, those in question are considered in a state of
certiorari: they are allowed to continue their standard prac-
tices and procedures, including participation in autos-da-fé,
but a representative of the Office of the Censor must
accompany them atall times. Furthermore, all records of the
Cenaculum are open to investigation, and the entire
Cenaculum tends to be interrogated for evidences of
misdoing.

Although the practice of Theurgy is not condemned by
the Society, its use is still circumspect, so the Office of the
Censor requests that all practitioners of Theurgy "register"
with the Office "for future reference." Refusing to comply
with this request is not criminal per se, but it is a serious
breach of protocol and an act of insubordination, as well as
an invitation to further investigation.

Censors are not permitted to remain in any other
faction, but they typically maintain the ideology of any
previous faction.

Order of SaintJoan

The Order of Saint Joan is not so much a "subdivision"
of the Society as an autonomous Order that acts in concert
with the Society of Leopold. The Order of Saint Joan
recognizes the authority of the Society and the Inquisitor-
General, but it maintains its own hierarchy. Members of the
Order may work within standard Society Cenacula, but they
rarely rise about the position of Councillor. None are ever
promoted within the Society to the rank of Abbé or above.
The Order also maintains its own Cenacula, called Con-
vents.

The Order of Saint Joan is led by the Abbess of Chartres,
who defers to the Inquisitor-General in most matters of
policy and authority. The Order's Convents do not welcome
men, including Inquisitors, anywhere beyond specified guest
areas. No one outside the Order has ever visited the Con-
vent of Chartres; visitors are not allowed in, and the Abbess
either speaks through her assistants from offices outside the
Convent proper, or leaves the Convent to call upon people.

The Office of the Censor does not trust the Order of
Saint Joan, which has repeatedly refused offers to fully merge

with the Society. The Order's separateness and elusiveness ¢

are a source of frustration to some in the Society, but St.
Joan's followers have never been accused of any wrongdo-
ing.

None of the Order's members who have worked within
the Society's ranks ever show evidence of Theurgic study,
but there are some rumors that the Convent of Chartres has
a number of powerful Theurgists in its midst. Of course,
there are many rumors about the Order, and none have yet
to be proven.

The Society of Leopold allows and even encourages
diversity within its ranks, provided the authority of the Holy
Office is never in question or endangered. Of course, inter-
sect rivalry does sometimes create less than favorable political
maneuverings within the Society, as various sects seek to
curry the attention of the Inquisitor-General, along with a
greater allocation of Society resources.

Inquisitors are not required to join any particular sect.
Sects are only formed for intellectual support of mutual
ideology, and it is not unusual for members of the Society to
remain "generalists" in approach and orientation.

The Brethren of Albertus

These Inquisitors follow the teachings of Albertus
Magnus, who believed that magic was evil, but one must
learn it to best combat it. The Brethren of Albertus, or the
Albertines, excel in the arts of Theurgy, and have come to
use it to great effect in their combat with the Supernatural.
Although called "Brethren," they were among the first of
sects to freely admit women into their ranks.

However, the Albertines are not always trusted. Most
Inquisitors still believe that "good magic" is simply an
illusion that opens the door to black magic. Strangely,
though, no Inquisitor-General has ever expressly outlawed
Theurgy. Some cynics believe that the Albertines maintain
some control over the Inquisitor-General. It is not uncom-
mon for the Inquisitor-General to appoint a practiced
Theurgist to his personal council, an act which lends cre-
dence to the accusations of the cynics.

All Brethren of Albertus (and any other Theurgists) are
required to register with the Office of the Censor.

Although the Albertines cooperate with their fellow
Inquisitors, rumors exist that the Brethren have their own
private Cenaculum where they go to study their arts. Most
Brethren will scoff at the idea.

The Children of Lazarus

"Our Lord Jesus Christ is the only one who could
triumph over death, and it is only by His power that we are
able to do the same." For the Children of Lazarus, vampires
are guilty of the greatest transgression by claiming to over-
come death itself. The Children of Lazarus would prefer to
see the Inquisition pay more attention to the elimination of
vampires.


——

The Children of Lazarus are a relatively new sect, only
forming in the late 18th century. However, their concerns
and ideology stretch directly back to Leopold of Murnau
himself; much of his Testament deals with his observations
and beliefs concerning the undead. Furthermore, Leopold
was killed while fighting one such creature, so the Society
tends to have a particular loathing for vampires.

The Children of Lazarus are the largest sect within the
Society, but somewhat extreme. A number of its more
antagonistic members refuse to view the missions of other
sects or Cenacula with any measure of respect. Mages, they
reason, will die anyway, as will werewolves, but vampires
will stay with us until the Parousia, and they are the strongest
enemy.

Fathers ofthe Good Death

This small group, which admits only fully ordained
priests, believes that vampires are evil spirits from before the
Flood, immortal creatures that have cheated the law of
death by possessing the corpses of the unliving. The pres-
ence of these spirits is ultimately responsible for the spiritual
decay of humanity. It is the duty of the Fathers of the Good
Death to track down and destroy these spirits, restoring the
balance of nature.

Thes

This is a group that, depending on with whom you
speak, either does not exist or is a poison in the heart of the
Inquisition. The Sanbenito are those Inquisitors who follow
the beliefs of Rafaelle Renzi, the Florentine Heretic, and
instead of trying to destroy supernaturals, attempt to aid
them and help them however humanely possible. An indi-
vidual can be a Sanbenito and operate within the Society for
only so long; eventually, the conflict in interests will be-
come both too strenuous and too obvious.

Many Inquisitors have, at one time or another, secretly
pondered the issues raised by Renzi. Whether this trend will
prevail and ultimately overtake the Society, or become
crushed by it, has yet to be seen.

Sisterhood of Saint Claire

Saint Claire's sect within the Society is made up of
those Inquisitors who take vows of extreme poverty in order
to attract gifts of healing. They refuse all personal posses-
sions and comfort, except for what the Society equips them.
with for a given mission. They are excellent at accelerating
the healing process, curing both mortally and magically
inflicted wounds. Although many are trained in contempo-
rary medical procedures as well as somewhat archaic
chirurgery, they rely on prayer, devotion, and the laying on
of hands.

The Order of Saint Mich:

This sect is the inheritor of the original Order's ideals;
they are most concerned with infernal activity and the
presence of the diabolic. They do not seek the presence of
the Infernal "in other things" (vampires, werewolves, et al.),
as do their colleagues outside the Order; they seek the direct

presence of the diabolic on earth. Some Michaelites study
Theurgy, but not to the extent of the Albertines. They do it
with less intellectual curiosity and a more pragmatic ap-
proach.

The Order of SaintPeter

As Saint Peter defeated Simon Magus in Rome, so do
these members of the Inquisition seek to overcome magi-
cians, witches, and warlocks (including vampiric mages).

In one respect, mortals have little to fear from mages,
who do not seek to directly harm mortals. But nonetheless,
mages are often identified with witches, diabolists and other
individuals whose power obviously must come from Hell.
Members of the Order of Saint Peter disagree vehemently
with the Brethren of Albertus in their use of Theurgy ("the
Devil hiding in acts of good," the Order of Saint Peter
scoffs), but have yet to take action against the Albertines,
Many members of the this order seem particularly resistant
to the thaumaturgy of the enemy.

Members of the Order of Saint Peter who become
Censors seem to take great delight in frequent investigations
of the Albertines.

The Sons of Tertullian

The Sons of Tertullian is a subsect of the Society that
is deeply concerned with wraiths and related demonic spir-
its. The Sons, however, are in many ways a throwback to the
earlier days of the Inquisition; they believe that anyone who
speaks against the Word of God must be possessed, so they
have a more strident concern for orthodoxy than the rest of
the Order does. Even worse, they have come to resort to the
occasional use of torture when dealing with individuals that
they believe are possessed — a very unfortunate way of
disregarding those whom they seek to save. Regardless, Sons
of Tertullian tend to be skilled exorcists. Many members of
the Society of Leopold may be interested in the problems of
ghosts and possession, but they do not all agree with the Sons
of Tertullian. For more information on the Sons of Tertullian,
see Wraith: the Oblivion.

The Sectof Saint James

The Sect of Saint James is an even more radical sub-
group of the Sons of Tertullian. Amazingly, considering the
Sons' concern for orthodoxy, the Sect follows the words of
a Gnostic treatise which advocates suicide as a means for
entering Heaven. For more information on the Sect of Saint
James, see Wraith: the Oblivion.

Many other sects of varying size, organization, and
secrecy may exist, but they all appear for the time being to
work in harmony toward the completion of a final goal. No
matter what the varying goals of each sect, they all still
believe themselves to be God's warriors against the en-
croaching enemies of the apocalypse.

ae

"4 Tue Inguisition


The World of Darkness

The denizens of the World of Darkness are, naturally,
quite aware of the existence of the Inquisition. Each group-
ing has its own viewpoint on how to deal with the Society
of Leopold and its brethren.

Interestingly enough, the various "sub-groups" that
make up the World of Darkness (e.g., the vampire clans, the
werewolf tribes and the mage Traditions) like to blame each
other for the Inquisition. The Order of Hermes and the
Verbena mages blame the Celestial Chorus; the Black Furies
blame the Get of Fenris; all the vampire clans blame the
other clans. No one seems willing to accept that humans do
not need manipulation (subtle, magical or otherwise) to act
with such vigor and malice.

Rumors
The Society of Leopold and its enemies are both guilty
of being misunderstood by their adversaries. A number of
rumors that have been spread about the Society of Leopold
include:
© The Society was controlled in its early days by
Ventrue who used it to further their own ends.
© The Society is a puppet of the Inconnu.
© The Society is a puppet of the Technocracy, which
uses the Society to hunt down Tradition mages.

A

© The Order of St. Michael was once controlled by
paladins of the Celestial Chorus.

© The Society was created by the Cabal of Pure Thought.

 Rafaelle Renzi, the Florentine Heretic, was an acolyte
of the Celestial Chorus.

© The Society still uses torture as part of its routine
operations.

© The Celestial Chorus uses the Society as a testing
ground for new apprentices and Acoly!

© The Fathers of the Good Death are just a front for the
Euthanatos.

© The Society is a puppet of the Euthanatos.

© Each Inquisitor-General, since the beginning, has
been an acolyte of the Celestial Chorus.

© One of the most dangerous Inquisitors was Embraced
in the 18th century, and has continued his fight in a much
more dangerous form.

© The Society has been infiltrated by members of the
Arcanum on information-gathering purposes.

© Many groups have tried to control the Society and
ultimately failed.

¢ Inquisitors have infiltrated the Arcanum for informa-
tion-gathering purposes.

San Michele's is a powerful Node.

Cunpter Two: Catecuism 45


et

*

© Some of the more liberal-minded members of the
Society have overcome religious differences with the Garou,
and now fight against the Wyrm.

© The Society owns the most complete copy of the Book
of Nod.

Kindred

The Kindred, in many ways, have the most to lose from
the Society. Vampires have been the focus of much Society
activity from the very beginning.

The Inner Council of the Camarilla has decreed that
the Society of Leopold is to be completely avoided at any
cast. The Council fears that the more the Society encoun-
ters, the more it will learn; a wise fear. Anarchs, of course,
ignore the Council's dictum, and enjoy humiliating the
Inquisition whenever it gets the chance. The Sabbat, in its
typical arrogance, utterly ignores the Society when Inquisi-
tors are hunting non-Sabbat vampires; but should an
Inquisitor stake a Sabbat vampire, then they're up in arms.

Too few of the Kindred really appreciate the danger
that the Society of Leopold represents. They consider witch-
hunters little more than an evening'samusement (ordinner),
good for the occasional thrill and nothing more. This is a
dangerous misconception.

Werewolves

Werewolves have yet to truly understand the Society of
Leopold; they still tend to think of the Inquisition as a thing

id

of the past. Those few packs that have come into contact
with Society cenacles have come to learn better, of course.
Because relatively few Inquisitors have turned to examine
werewolves, the Garou are relatively safe for the time being.

Garou believe the Society to be merely a bunch of
fanatical humans. The Inquisitors which they have fought
don't seem to have any trace of Wyrm-taint about them —
usually.

Mages

The mages suffered quite a bit during the Inquisition,
particularly many from the Order of Hermes and Verbena,
as well as less orthodox members of the Celestial Chorus.
The occasional Dreamspeaker was also caught in the
Inquisition's net. Because mages find it easiest to blend into
human society, and successful mages are never caught (or
believed to be) using magick, it is considerably easier for the
average mage toavoid detection from the Society of Leopold.

The various Traditions merely counsel that the Society
be avoided however possible. The Traditions still bear a
grudge against the Inquisition, though, and find it difficult
to avoid taunting and humiliating the Society whenever
possible. The Technocracy has little to fear from the Soci-
ety, and as long as the general public disbelieves in witches
or werewolves, then the Society can be easily dismissed as a
group of religious lunatics. However, the Society also pro-
motes superstition, something the Technocracy frowns upon.

LZ

>

Re

p

me
~~
Zz

Tue [nguisinion

Many mages still view the Inquisition as tools of the
Celestial Chorus — a minor bigotry on the part of the
accusing mages. The Celestial Chorus did have a small part
to play in the history of the Inquisition, but the Inquisition
was quite capable of occurring on its own without the
assistance of a few more zealous Christian mages.

Some mages actually view the
good source of either locating new acolytes or training
current ones. Witch-hunters strong in True Faith or versed
in Theurgy have caught the attention of more than one
mage, usually those in the Celestial Chorus.

Mummies

Mummies have little to say about the Inquisition. The
Society seems ignorant of them, and mummies don't really
care about the Society. General counsel about the Society,
as well as any of the Egyptian undead's enemies is "reincar-
nation is the best revenge."

Society of Leopold as a

ere

Wraiths

Wraiths have learned to avoid skinriding individuals
who might ultimately lead to trouble with the Society.
Otherwise, wraiths are relatively untroubled by the Society
of Leopold, except for those rare incursions that the Sons of
Tertullian make into the Underworld.

Changelings
Changelings, like werewolves, have never really had
much trouble with the Inquisition. Although some cenacles
believe in the existence of the fae, the Society of Leopold is
generally unable to even perceive the Kithain, much less
actively persecute them. To changelings, the Inquisition is
simply an interesting historical footnote.


..- GhapterThre

GharacterCre

Both Hunters Hunted and The Vampire Players
Guide discuss creating mortal characters. This section fur-
ther details creating those who participate in the Inquisition,
whether as members of the Society of Leopold or other allied
witch-hunters.

Mortal characters are created in essentially the same
manner as Kindred characters, but the point allocations are
different, and mortals do not have Disciplines. Of course,
mortals do have a few advantages of their own.

Storytellers and players should always consider the
following rules as guidelines. They are meant as aids to
storytelling and character creation, not straitjackets. Char-
acter idea and concept is always more important than
mechanics. While you shouldn't arbitrarily ignore or discard
the rules, don't let them interfere with solid character
creation. Storytellers should be willing to give some leeway
for good character concepts.

Cuapten Tunte: Cuanacten Creation

Character Creation Outline

Step One: CharacterConcept:

Whoare you?

© Choose Concept: What did you do before
witch-hunting?

© Choose Catalyst: What made you a witch-
hunter?

* Choose Motivation: Why do you hunt now?

© Determine Membership: Are you a member
of the Society of Leopold?

Step Two: Whatare your Attributes?

© Prioritize your three categories: Primary 6,
Secondary 4, Tertiary 3

© Choose Physical Traits: Strength, Stamina
& Dexterity

© Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Manipula-
tion & Appearance

© Choose Mental Traits: Perception, Intelli-
gence & Wits

Step Three: Whatare your Ab
© Prioritize your three categories: Primary 11,
Secondary 7, Tertiary 4
© Choose Talents: What you can do naturally
* Choose Skills: What you are trained to do
© Choose Knowledges: What you have studied

Step Four: Choose Advantages.
WhatMakes you Unique?
© Choose Background Traits (5)
© Choose Virtues: Conscience, Self-Control &
Courage (7)

Step Five: Round out YourCharacter

© Record Base Willpower = your Courage rating

© Record Base Humanity = your Conscience +
Self-Control Ratings

© Spend your 21 Freebie Points on Theurgy or
Faith, to purchase Merits & Flaws, or to
improve Attributes, Abilities and Back-
grounds

© Figure out Personality: appearance, home, etc.

Step One: Character Concept

Character creation should always begin with a sound
concept. It need not be detailed at first; details grow with the
creation process. It should, however, be strong enough to
carry the character through the rest of the creation process;
concept is the kernel of your character.

Concept
Character concepts include your character's personal-
ity, Nature, and Demeanor, as discussed in Vampire. Many
of thesame concepts from Vampire can be appropriate; most
characters do not begin their careers or lives as witch-
hunters. Was your character a humble parish priest? A
visionary hermit? A vengeance-seeking young widow?

Catalyst

You should also consider your character's motivation
for becoming an Inquisitor: what was her calling? Why is
your character a witch-hunter? The life of a witch-hunter is
a dangerous one, often marked by obsession and zeal. Often
there is a turning-point in a character's life that precipitates
metamorphosis into a witch-hunter. What is this catalyst?

Most of these catalysts can be grouped together under
two basic categories: personal tragedy or moment of illumi-
nation.

Personal Tragedy

Atsome point in the character's life, something terrible
happened. Perhaps vampire hunted and fed upon hissister,
ora raging werewolf slew her father in the wild. Perhaps the
character narrowly escaped being sacrificed in some Infernal
ritual. Whatever the event, it had a lasting impact and
pushed the character into the zealous lifestyle of an Inquisi-
tor. The power of the Inquisition gives the character a means
to overcome the personal tragedy. Revenge may not even be
a motive anymore, but the character has been changed.

Moment of Illumination

Sometime in the character's past, the World of Dark-
ness was unveiled to her. She may have escaped a vampire
attack, or witnessed a demonic summoning. Myth, legend
and mere superstition suddenly became real for the charac-
ter. They believe these creatures of lore can only be
understood as taught in traditional folktales: they are evil,
and God is our only shield. To most of these characters, their
duty is clear: they must protect the ignorant and innocent
from the creatures that would hunt and destroy them.

Motivations

There are a number of motivations that interact with
these catalysts, the desire for revenge and sense of duty
among them. Hunters Hunted goes into greater detail on
the variety of a witch-hunter's motivations. Just remember
that most witch-hunters, particularly Inquisitors, have a
strong sense of duty; theirs is a religious calling, a vocation.
Inquisitors feel called to their duty by God, and they ulti-
mately recognize that whatever the catalyst that drew them
to the life of a hunter, it was a sign from God.

Tue Inquisition


Membership

Is your witch-hunter a true Inquisitor, in the proper
sense —a member of the Society of Leopold? The Society of
Leopold is one of the oldest, largest and most organized
groups of religious witch-hunters in existence, but it is not
the only one. Is your hunter a member of some other, less
influential religious order or group with the same mission?
Or is she a lone operative, a witch-hunter who shares a
common vocation with Inquisitors but feels no need to
belong to the Society of Leopold?

If your character is a member of the Society of Leopold,
then you may want to consider whether or not your Inquisi-
tor belongs to any particular factions within the Society.
One can always "quit" the Society, of course, or even an
internal faction, although this is not necessarily the safest
move. Likewise, a witch-hunter can join the Society later in
her career. Nothing is set in stone.

Characters who are members of the Condotierri or the
Order of Saint Joan are created according to the same rules
as standard Inquisitors.

Step Two: Choosing Attributes

Attributes are the same for mortals as they are for
Kindred, although, of course, a mortal does not have the
potential to increase one's Attributes the way a Cainite can.
Furthermore, mortal characters start with fewer Attribute
points than do Kindred characters.

Mortals start with one free dot in each Attribute — the
minimal rating possible. You must then must prioritize your
character's Attributes (into primary, secondary and ter-
tiary), and your ranking determines point allocation. Your
mortal starts with 6 dots for primary Attributes, 4 dots for
secondary Attributes and 3 dots for tertiary Attributes.

Inquisitors and other witch-hunters are as varied as are
their Kindred prey; some will have Mental Attributes as
their primary characteristics, while others may have Physi-
cal Attributes, or even Social Attributes as primary.

Step Three: Choosing Abilities

This step is the same as Ability selection for vampires.
You must prioritize your Abilities according to Talents,
Skills, and Knowledges. Once again, though, initial point
values are different; mortal characters start with 11 dots for
primary, 7 dots for secondary and 4 dots for tertiary Abilities.

Step Four: Advantages

Mortals are the weaklings of the World of Darkness —
orso it seems at first. They do not get to choose Disciplines,
Gifts or any other such innate and intrinsic manifestation of
power. However, mortals — particularly Inquisitors — have
a few benefits of their own. Among the strongest assets a
witch-hunter may have is her Faith, which can allegedly
move mountains. Furthermore, some rare Inquisitors have
learned a magical art which they believe falls within the
allowances of their Faith: the art of Theurgy. Faith and

Cuarren Tunce: Cuanacten CREATION 51

Theurgy, along with other weapons of the Inquisition, are
discussed in Chapter Five: Sword of the Spirit.

Backgrounds

Every mortal character gets five points to allocate
across the various Background Traits. Based upon your
chronicle, some Backgrounds may be limited; your Story-
teller will let you know if this is the case.

Virtues
The three Virtues in Vampire — Conscience, Self-
Control, and Courage — are determined according to the
standard rules.

Step Five: LastTouches

In the final stage of character creation, a player deter-
mines his Inquisitor's Willpower and Humanity ratings, and
gets to spend "freebie points" on Merits, Flaws and Numina.

Willpower
Willpower is as important (if not more so) for mortals
as it is for Kindred. With it, one can resist the mind-
controlling abilities of various supernatural creatures,
particularly the Kindred's Dominate Discipline. As the
Vampire rules state, a player may also use Willpower to gain
automatic successes. Those few Inquisitors who use Theurgy
(or any other type of Hedge Magic) will also make use of
Willpower.
A witch-hunter's base Willpower is equal to their
Courage rating (one to five). It can be raised by spending
freebie points.

Humanity

It may sound partially redundant, but: Humanity is an
important rating for human characters. Even though mor-
tals are cut from a different cloth than are vampires, they can
still face the same decline into bestiality. Remember that
Caine himself was human once, ages ago; as he became, so
can we.

Mortals can lose their Humanity in the same manner as
vampires. Those with a high Humanity rating must be
careful; they can lose Humanity through acts of arbitrary
cruelty or wanton destruction, even in the name of God.
Such mortals can find their Humanity slowly diminishing,
until ultimately it dwindles to nothing; insanity, depravity
and derangement are all that awaits them.

However, humans can never truly lose their Humanity
entirely. When a mortal character's Humanity rating drops
to zero, it reverts back to one; mortals are still mortal, and
cannot plunge into the ocean of monstrosity like vampires.
But that brief exposure has left its mark on their soul, which
is now tainted. For each "dip" into the ocean of the Beast,
each time that a mortal's Humanity rating temporarily
reaches zero, he gains a Derangement. Derangements should
always correspond to the act that created them; sample
Derangements are listed in Vampire.

Humanity is vitally important for those mortals who
would possess True Faith. A character with True Faith must
have a minimum Humanity of nine; once her Humanity
score drops below nine, then her Faith rating disappears.

A mortal's base Humanity score is equal to her Con-
science + Self-Control ratings. It can be raised by spending
freebie points.

Freebie Points

Mortal characters start with 21 "freebie points," which
can be used to purchase Merits & Flaws, or to raise any Trait
(Attributes, Abilities, Background). Attributes cost five
points a dot, Abilities cost two points a dot, and Back-
grounds cost one point per dot. They can also be used to
purchase Numina, the supernatural abilities which a Mortal
may manifest. Numina include Thaumaturgy, Faith and
Psychic Abilities; psychic abilities are not covered in this
work. Each Willpower dot costs one freebie point.

Numina

Your mortal Inquisitor may also use freebie points to
purchase a variety of supernatural abilities open to humans;
these abilities are grouped together under the loose category
of Numina. There are three types of Numina: Theurgy, True
Faith, and psychic abilities.

Theurgy

Theurgy is the designation for the rare magical arts prac-
ticed by the Inquisition. In operation, in practice, in method of
acquisition and in almost every other facet, Theurgy and Hedge
Magic are exactly the same. However, the Inquisition views it
in an entirely other light. Hedge Magic, like all other related
sorcerousacts, are diabolical in origin. Theurgy isdivine. Tothe
Inquisition, Theurgy is magic that draws upon Heaven. For
more information, see page 60.

True Faith

Faith is the strongest ally that a witch-hunter can have.
With it, one can drive off the supernaturals, resist their
magics, or literally even perform miracles. At the very least,
it provides an effective defense against Kindred and other
creatures.

True Faith costs seven freebie points per level at char-
acter creation. A Mortal must have a minimum Humanity
of nine to have a Faith score.

Psychic Abilities

Although psychic abilities may be considered a form of
Numina, such abilities are usually distrusted, and are rarely
cultivated by most Inquisitors; they are just as likely to be
perceived as marks of the devil as they are gifts from God.

Psychic abilities are not treated in this book; look for
information in The Vampire Players Guide, Hunters
Hunted and Ascension's Right Hand.

Personal Background

Finally, you must breathe some life into your character;
if you are working from a strong concept, then this should be
arelatively easy tak: You thould consider your Inquisitor'

Tue Inquisition

appearance (including how she dresses — does she weat a
Roman collar?), contacts (major and minor), specialties,
and important equipment.

You should also give some consideration to your
character's cenacle — the group of allied Inquisitors to
which she belongs. How long have you been together? Is this
your first cenacle? How do you feel about your fellow
Inquisitors? The Society of Leopold does not assign its
members to various cenacles; it allows them to join one of
their choice. New ones need not be created with Society
approval, but if your cenacle is funded by the Society, then
it has to be approved by the local Provincial.

Prelude

Mortal characters, including Inquisitors, should un-
dergo a prelude just as other characters in Storyteller games.
This will give you an opportunity to consider and reconsider
various personality (and game-mechanic) facets of your
Inquisitor, as well as to get a feel for playing your character.
A good Storyteller will find ways to tie in your character's
background, Merits and Flaws, cenacle and motivations
together into your Inquisitor's prelude. The following ques-
tions should be considered and answered by the end of your
character's prelude. If, for some reason, your Storyteller does
notrun your character through a prelude, then do it yourself,
using the following questions as guidelines. These questions
supplement or replace those offered in Vampire.

© What was your life like before the Inquisition?

What was your daily existence like? What was your occu-
pation? What were your dreams? In short, you should consider
the character's life before becoming an Inquisitor. Very few
normal people are raised with the goal of becoming a witch
hunter, so you should consider the character's earlier life.

© What was your first encounter with the supernatural?

What was your first brush with the unseen world? Did
you hear an angelic choir while praying in church, or were
you visited by the ghost of a long-dead relative? You should
consider how the character first became aware of a world
long denied or hidden to the common folk. It need not have
been an unpleasant event; supernatural occurrences may
even be soothing, but they should still be eerie.

® What caused you to become an Inquisitor?

What was it that made you desire to eliminate the
supernatural infestation? This may have been the same
event from the previous question, but it may also have be
different. Regardless, there should be some catalyst that
prompts a character's decision to become an Inquisitor.

© Were youa lone operative before joining the Society
of Leopold?

Were you recruited early in your career? Did you find
them, ordid they find you? If the character isa member of the
Society, then did she have a solo career, or a career with a
non-affiliated lodge of witch hunters before becoming a
member of the Society of Leopold?

© Where is your cenacle, and how did you join it?

Is the character part of a new cenacle, or one with a
long-established history? Is the Cenaculum strongly warded
against supernatural activity, or is it easily breached?

© What was your Novitiate like?

Was your Mentor kind and generous, or did he treat
your relationship as formality at best? Did you study for only
a short amount of time, or were you forever deemed ineli-
gible to graduate? Was your Novitiate more akin toseminary
or basic training?

* Are you a member of any factions, orders, or sects
within the Society?

Do you have any particular ideology that allies with
other factions, or are you a generalist, trying to stay as
mainstream as possible?

© What are your motivations?

Why are you a witch hunter? Revenge? Duty? Glory?
You should give some consideration to what motivates the
character in a relatively insane vocation.

* Do you attempt to lead a normal life?

Now that you are an Inquisitor, do you pretend to live a
normal life?Is thisapartof your life keptsecret from your family?
Give some thought to whether the character has devoted the
entirety of her existence to witch hunting, or whether it is a
limited activity. The difficulties of attempting to live a normal
life separate from witch-hunting are obvious.

Supernatural Inquisitors

The chance that non-mortals would become Inquisi-
tors is rare to almost nonexistent. But one can never entirely
tule out anything. Certainly some supernaturals may de-
velop a strong hatred for another group of supernaturals, but
it is unlikely that any would join the Inquisition simply to
serve this hatred. More likely, a supernatural might incul-
cate the same antipathy and religious zeal as the Inquisition,
and would actually join their cause. Needless to say, there
are a variety of complications.

A mortal who was an Inquisitor or witch-hunter before
they became somehow transformed into a supernatural
would probably perish, or be driven mad, soon after the
transformation. An Inquisitor who is Embraced, for ex-
ample, will not likely find instruction from Kindred on how
to survive as a vampire. Assuming that he avoids madness or
death, he still might find suicide tempting. Some few In-
quisitors who are transformed might be strong-willed enough
to survive on their own and continue their previous voca-
tion. They would find it very difficult to develop their
supernatural powers and abilities, as instruction would not
be likely.

Of course, any supernatural Inquisitor will have a diffi-
cult existence. Not only will they have to find a group of
Inquisitors open-minded enough to trust them, but they
would most likely become preferred targets of supernatural
opponents.

Supernatural Inquisitors are possible, but should be
considered a rarity; their character concept should be care-
fully considered and developed. Their lives are more tragic
than most.

Almost no vampire could survive their first night after
their Embrace without some basis of instruction. They
would not be capable of hiding their "condition" from fellow
Inquisitors, and they would effectively be cut off from the
Kindred community. Of course, a Kindred with True Faith
in addition to Disciplines can be a dangerous foe to anyone.

Werewolves are as rare as vampires in the Inquisition.
Most individuals have been adopted and taught by their
tribe before they can get the occasion to become an Inquisi-
tor. A Garou who essentially "converts" to the Inquisition (a
highly unlikely act) would be separated from Garou society,
but might come to think of her fellow Inquisitors as her pack.

Mag

It has long been hinted that a number of Inquisitors are
more zealous members of the Celestial Chorus. This rumor may
be true. It is said that the Celestial Chorus has had some hand
in the development of the Inquisition, and Inquisitors may
share some of the same goals as some Choristers. However, a
Chorister mage would be crippled by operating with mortal

Inquisitors, who are not likely to accept a walking wonder-
worker in their midst (miracles should be rare, after all); any
Chorister Inquisitors would quickly accumulate Paradox, un-
less they are crafty or practice magic without witnesses.

Changelings
Changelings are an unpredictable lot, and their moti-
vations for doing anything are incomprehensible.

New Secondary Abilities

What follows is a list and description of Secondary
Abilities. If your Storyteller prefers not to use Secondary
Abilities per se, then treat these as standard Abilities. These
Abilities supplement or replace the Secondary Abilities in
The Vampire Players Guide.

Storytellers may determine that Secondary Abilities
either cost less to acquire (one point spent per Secondary
Ability allows it to be raised two dots, or one freebie point
per dot), or tend to have lower difficulties.

Talents
Homiletics

You can give persuasive homilies, and inspirational set-
mons. You manage to turn almost any daily event into a
life-enriching experience with many lessons to learn. This can

a ee

54 "~~ Tue Inquisition

beused from the pulpit, from a street corner, or evenat the local
bar; the audience can be a congregation or a circle of friends.

° Novice: You can retell a good homily you
once heard.

oe Practiced: You can construct a small sermon
of your own.

eee Competent: You can do this every week if you
have to.
Expert: You actually make people listen.
* Master: You have changed lives.
Possessed by: Priests, Ministers, Motivational Speakers
Specialties: Proverbs, True Stories, Biblical Allusions

Knowledges

Church History
You know the history of the Church through the ages,
from its inception to the modern day. You understand
ecclesiastical history within the context of secular, political
and intellectual history. This skill can be chosen for the
history of other religions or traditions as well. The name
"Church" need not be limiting: it can refer to the history of
Islam, Buddhism or Judaism as easily as Christianity.
. Student: Amateur or high school
ee College: College student or equivalent
eee Masters: Graduate student
Doctorate: Professor or Researcher
© Scholar: Undisputed authority
Possessed by: Scholars, Enthusiasts, Seminary Stu-
dents, Priests.
Specialties: Biblical, Post-Biblical, Early Christian,
Medieval, Reformation, Enlightenment, Modern

Church Lore

You know the real nitty-gritty about how the Church
operates: who bosses around whom, who to avoid, who is in
favor, and how to bend the right ear. If you are not in the
proper circles of power, then you know where they are.
Getting access to them, or getting heard, is another matter
entirely.

° Student: You know only a little more than the
average priest or layman.
ee College: You read 30 Days and the
Osservatore Romano.
eee = Masters: You've had your experiences and
encounters.
Doctorate: Little escapes your attention and
less surprises you
Scholar: You can predict trends. Nothing sur-
prises you.
Possessed by: Priests, Bishops, Witch-Hunters, Church
Politicos
Specialties: College of Cardinals, Opus Dei, American
Church, Vatican

Inquisition Lore
You know about the history of the witch-hunters, from
the early days of the Inquisition to the current activities of
the Society of Leopold. You are well-versed in issues of
Society leadership, activities, history and beliefs. It is rec-
ommended that all members of the Society of Leopold have
a minimum rating of 1 in this Ability.
° Student: You know the basic facts.
oe College: You have learned a few unusual
details of interest.
eee = Masters: You are well-grounded in the lore
of the Inquisition.
Doctorate: You knowas muchas most-learned
Inquisitors.
eeeee Scholar: You are privy to the secrets of the
Society of Leopold.
Possessed by: Inquisitors, Vampires
Specialties: History, Politics, Organization, Regulations

Rites

You know the appropriate pomp and circumstance
requisite for the completion of churchly duties (of your
chosen religion). Even more important than the average
liturgical knowledge, you have knowledge of religious rituals
and invocations that have been formulated to be effective
against the supernatural, e.g., the Roman rite of Exorcism.
You do not need to have memorized these rituals; they can
be in your breviary (or similar handbook).

s Student: Altar server

College: Lay minister

Masters: Ordained priest
* Doctorate: Bishop

eeeee Scholar: Cardinal

Possessed by: Witch-hunters, Exorcists, Priests

Specialties: Exorcism, Daily Mass, Benedictions, Ordi-
nations

Scripture
You have studied religious scriptures extensively; based
upon your particular inclination, you may have studied
them in their historical context, or as direct divine revela-
tion.

. Student: You quote freely, but not accurately.
College: You can answer most questions.
Masters: You are not just well-read in the
scriptures, but their context and history as well.
Doctorate: You possess a wide body of knowl-
edge, from the common to the obscure.

Scholar: You have read meanings never be-
fore considered or discovered.

Possessed by: Priests, Ministers, Witch-Hunters, Schol-
ars, Believers, Debunkers

Cuapten Tante: Cuanacten GReation


o>

Categories: Islamic (Quran), Christian (Old Testa-
ment, Apocrypha, New Testament), Jewish (Hebrew
Scriptures)

Supernatural Lore

You are knowledgeable in the various subcultures and
creatures of the World of Darkness. Each type of Lore must
be taken separately; vampiric knowledge will be of no avail
when hunting werewolves. No character can start with more
than one dot in any type of Lore taken: the rest must come
with experience and gameplay. Only at the very highest
ratings will you gain true, intimate knowledge; there will
always be some measure of superstition, vagary and false
rumor mixed in with the truth that you possess. While you
know somewhat about the history of the Kindred, you may
not be able to carefully differentiate between the Sabbat and
the Camarilla. Unlike the Occult Knowledge, most of what
you have learned is true.

. Student: Most of what you know is based on
hearsay
oe College: You are relatively informed about a

particular group.

areas that have been otherwise blessed by their tradition or
protected through Theurgic rites, in addition to contempo-
rary security measures. Such locales are known to prevent
the entrance of vampires, demons, or other diabolical spir-
its, and to lessen the effectiveness of hostile sorceries cast
against you.

Each point in this background gives one point for
creating Cenacula. See the appendix for more complete
details on how to build a Cenaculum.

Cenaculum, properly speaking, is the term used in the
Society of Leopold. Other witch-hunters might use terms
like Rectory, Sanctum or Lodge for this Background. In-
quisitors may have a Cenaculum or other retreat without
necessarily having the specific benefits of this Background.

Contacts

Contacts are simply sources of information; they may be
sources within the Society (e.g., from another Cenaculum)
whoare willing to provide information not normally open to.
you. Likewise, they may be from outside the Society, either
in another religious order, in public office, etc.

Fame

eee Masters: You have a good knowledge of
the subject, enough to have a reasonably intel- Inquisitors avoid fame almost as much as do the vam-
ligent discussion. pires which they hunt. You might be able to get more favors
ees Doctorate: You know almost as much about. 4M have more influence in regular society with this Back-

ground, but you may be too easily recognized. Anonymity is

vampires (werewolves, etc.) as they do. a
F an Inquisitor's friend; fame in the public eye is to be avoided,

eeeee Scholar: They might come to you forknowledge.

Possessed by: Witch-Hunters, Scholars

Varieties (Each one must be bought separately):
Demonology, Changelings, Garou, Ghosts, Kindred, Mum-
mies, Mages

Specialties: Physiology, Social Structure, History, Poli-
tics, Theory of Magic, Ideology (even if it is heresy)

Background Changes
forthe Inquisition

Some Backgrounds are obviously irrelevant to mortals
— namely, Generation and Herd. Other Backgrounds re-
quire some explanation or modification for mortals in general,
or Inquisitors in particular. Some new Backgrounds can also
be chosen for Inquisitors.

Allies

Witch-hunters live dangerous and rather isolated lives
with little room for Allies other than other witch-hunters.
Sometimes, though, you'll maintain contact with other
people from before you started your new career, particularly
if you aided them in the past.

Cenaculum

A Cenaculum is your home and base of operations.
Frequently Inquisitors will chose to live on holy ground or

as it does not allow for much secrecy. If you were famous
before you became a witch-hunter, you probably "disap-
peared" from the' public eye.

Your Mentor is the person who initiated you into the
ways of the Inquisition. She may be a member of the Society
of Leopold, or she might bea lone hunter. Typically, Society
Inquisitors will have Mentors from within the Society.
Regardless, the higher your Mentor's rating, the more influ-
ence among witch-hunters you will have, and the better
your reputation. Likewise, a low Mentor rating could equally
mean a powerful Mentor who is not often available to help
you. Mentors in the Society of Leopold are often called
Father-Confessors (or Mother-Confessors, as the case may

be).
Mob

Crafty Inquisitors have more than the power of God
behind them; they have a good, well-armed lynch mob. The
mob is usually built over time, as Inquisitors make more and
more allies in a particular region. These folks are not quite
as educated as you (at least not in the ways of the Enemy),
and may not be able to move mountains with their faith, but
it sure feels good to have a bunch of angry, God-fearing
people with torches and clubs backing you up. Your Mob
rating typically represents just a little more muscle-power in
tight times.

Tue Inquisition

2 people
oe 4 people

7 people
© 15 people
eeeee 25 people

Relics are items which are strong in supernatural po-
tence, and are useful weapons in the Inquisition. This
Background Trait allows you to begin play with a relic in
your possession. Perhaps it was a family heirloom, a Mentor
bequeathed it to you, or you found it early in your career and
the Society has not yet requested it. The Storyteller should
create something suitable for you. Although you should feel
free to make suggestions, the final decision is up to the
Storyteller, who will also determine the item's value.

Sample relics are included in Chapter Four, and the
books Hunters Hunted and Halls of the Arcanum.

. A minor relic

ee A useful relic

eee — A relic of significant power
* Amuch-soughtrelic mentioned in many legends
eeeee A relic of incredible power

Resources
The Society of Leopold may provide housing and a
small allowance for its new members — typically no higher
than a rating of one dot. Anything higher must come from
your family, other job or other source of income.

Retainers are typically either Inquisitors or allies of the
Inquisition who are indebted to you in some manner, or
have been entrusted to you. Likewise, they might simply be
support staff which you personally pay for. Retainers for the
Society might include novices or even Condotierri (al-
though typically new and inexperienced ones).

Retainers are created using standard Character Cre-
ation rules, but with 10 freebie points. Don't expect a
"perfect retainer" (smart, strong, obedient, numina-rich,
gun-toting, etc.). Your retainers have to be as carefully
balanced as any other character.

Inquisitors below the rank of Councillor will not be
authorized Society retainers; they must be privately funded
individuals.

Status

Status in the Society of Leopold is based upon reputa-
tion, knowledge and longevity: a long-lived witch-hunter
has much to offer, while a short-lived one can only teach
their mistakes from beyond the shroud of death. Of course,
having friends in high places always helps as well.

No matter what one's status within the Society, a
member is always called an Inquisitor. The term "Inquisitor"
is almost always exclusive to the Society of Leopold; non-

Society witch-hunters merely use whatever term they find
appropriate: witch-hunter, vampire hunter, etc.
Typically, authority and Status will be synonymous, but
this is not always the case; an Inquisitor may have a Status
of 5, but has continually refused any rank higher than that
of Councillor. Such Inquisitors will gain much respect, but
unfortunately, not much authority. Inquisitors of the Soci-
ety of Leopold without a Status rating begin as novices.

e Tertiary
Councillor

eee Abbé

eeee Censor
Provincial

Merits & Flaws

The concept of Merits and Flaws was introduced in The
Vampire Players Guide. Merits and Flaws add further depth
to characters, as well as some unique abilities and limita-
tions. Merits and Flaws are purchased with (or have their
values added to) freebie points. Merits and Flaws are op-
tional; a Storyteller may disallow them for whatever reason.
She may also allow them but severely limit those which will
be available in her game.

Most of the Merits and Flaws listed in The Vampire
Players Guide are available to mortals as well; exceptions
are obviously those designed for Kindred — Misplaced
Digestion, Child, et al. Certain Merits and Flaws may even
be common for Witch-Hunters, including Higher Purpose,
Driving Goal, Code of Honor, Intolerance, Iron (or Weak)
Will, and Vengeance.

The following is a sample of new Merits and Flaws
available to Inquisitors and other witch-hunters. Some of
these have been adapted from other Vampire products.

Psychological

Anachronism: (1 ptFlaw)

This Flaw reads exactly the same as the Mortal Society
flaw listed in The Vampire Players Guide; however, its
point value is diminished because it has limited effect.

Isolated Upbringing: (1 ptFlaw)

You were born to an Inquisitor, or you were adopted by
the Society at an early age. The entirety of your life has been
training to be an Inquisitor, a warrior for the Society of
Leopold. Unfortunately, you have only limited understand-
ing of the world outside the Inquisition. Whenever you are
in a non-Society setting, you have a one die penalty to all
social skills.

Re! is Hysteria: (3 ptFlaw)

Even among the devoutly religious, there are those that
take things too far. Unlike religious ecstatics, who occasion-
ally have visions of Heaven, your visions seem a bit too
often, and a bit too untenable. You see everything as an


= — 2 ee

omen ora sign from God, devils and angels are everywhere,
and you just can't read the Good Book too many times. The
difference between this Flaw and the Ecstatic Merit (see
below) is that people don't take you seriously. Whenever
you are in any social encounters, you have a one die penalty.

Mental
fron Will: (4 pt Merit)

This version of Iron Will is the same as the one in The
Vampire Players Guide, except that it costs one extra point
(for a total of four) for a mortal hunter to be immune to
Kindred Domination.

Weak Willed: (3 ptFlaw)

This version of Weak Willed is the same as the one in
The Vampire Players Guide, but is worth one extra point
(for a total of three) for a mortal Inquisitor. Inquisitors with
this Flaw cannot use Theurgy (or Thaumaturgy), since their
will is too weak for it.

Aptitudes
Natural Leader: (1 ptMerit)

You are a natural born leader. While not everyone will
simply surrender authority to you, they will usually consent
to "follow your lead." Reduce the difficulty level of any
situation directly related to leadership by three.

Supernatural

The following Merits and Flaws are particularly rare,
even in the Inquisition. Your character should not become
awalking compendium of supernatural Merits and Flaws; for
Inquisition characters, however, the suggested limitation of
one or two Supernatural Flaws is raised to three or four, at
the Storyteller's discretion. Regardless, the Storyteller has
the right to determine if one has too large a collection of
such Merits and Flaws.

Innocent: (1 ptMerit)

You are always thought of in the most positive light,
unless evidence exists to prove otherwise. If you do some-
thing wrong and the act is not easily attributed to you, it will
most likely be blamed on someone else. This does not mean
that you are "an innocent" — it means everyone thinks you
are.

Ecstatic: (2 ptMerit)

This is a Merit of dubious benefit. You are prone to the
features of religious ecstasy — stigmata, glossalia (speaking
in tongues), visions and trances, et al. While some may
distrust you as a religious hysteric, you will be highly re-
garded among other Inquisitors as "touched by God." Add
one die to any rolls involving social interactions in the
Society.

Fog

Ecumenist: (4 ptMerit)

Although you are steadfast in your own faith, you
recognize the workings of the Holy Spirit, which "bloweth
where it listeth," in other religions. Usually, when using
True Faith, you must use a holy symbol from your own
religious tradition. With this Merit, you see the divine spark
at the core of religions beyond your own, and you are able to
make use of their religious icons and holy ground when
confronting the supernatural. Likewise, a group of individu
als from different religious traditions, all with this Merit,
may "pool" their Faith for greater effect.

Holy Aura (2 ptMerit):

Your aura, no matter what color it takes, is unusually
brilliant to those who can see it; you are practically a beacon
among other mortals, burning with a religious devotion.
Even those who cannot see auras are immediately drawn to
your presence. Some Supernaturals will find this a positive
aspect; others, particularly Kindred, may likely be hostile to
you. Many will believe you to possess great power (regardless
of the truth), and will be appropriately respectful of you.

Soothing Voice: (3 ptMerit)
Your voice is calm and soothing, almost entrancing.
You may add two dice to all rolls that directly include use of
your voice: singing, preaching, leadership, etc.

Symbol Independence: (3 ptMerit)

The use of True Faith against a supernatural creature
typically requires use of a holy symbol. However, Inquisitors
and other hunters with this Virtue are free from this restric-
tion; they may use their Faith unfettered by any such
psychological or religious crutch.

Prophetic Ability: (4 ptMerit)

God speaks to you in signs and portents, visions and
images. Some visions may be precognitive, while others
might be warnings or advice. You can not request or induce
a prophetic vision; they come on their own. These visions
will range from the obvious to the symbolic; the exact nature
and effect of the visions is up to the Storyteller. This Merit
should provide dramatic moments, and players should not
come to rely upon them for plot resolution.

Sorcerous Awareness: (4 ptMerit)

For some reason, you have been gifted with the ability
to detect when any of the Devil's arts (i.e., magic) is in use
or has been used recently within a 10-foot radius of yourself.
This also includes all supernatural Disciplines and Gifts.
How much you may know about this magic depends upon
the number of successes you roll using Perception + Occult
(difficulty 8).

Fountain of Life: (5 ptMerit)

The healing power of God runs through you. Non-
aggravated damage (normally an irrelevant distinction for
mortals, who have no supernatural means of healing dam-

58 Tue Inquisition

age) heals as though it is one wound level less. If you are
Wounded, you will heal in one week. If you are Bruised, you
will heal in a matter of hours. If you are not wounded, then
those who are under your medical care will heal at your
enhanced rate as well. Note that this might seem "miracu-
lous," but it will not be scientifically verifiable. You won't
get canonized just for this.

Unfortunately, vampires find your blood particularly
strong and tasty — twice as potent as that of other mortals,
in fact. Even better, you heal more quickly. Vampires
consider you in the same manner you look at an all-you-can
eat buffet...

Clear Sighted: (6 ptMerit)

You can see through all levels of Kindred Obfuscate,
Chimerstry and other related Disciplines or Gifts with a
Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty of the opposing power's
level + 3).

FistofGiod: (7 ptMerit)

With this Merit, sometimes called the "Witch-Ham-
mer," you can cause aggravated damage toa Kindred or other
supernatural creature by simply striking her. Work with your
Storyteller to create a good reason for this effect, and how it
developed. The damage done is standard Brawling damage,
only it is considered aggravated against supernaturals. Only
mortals with a Humanity of seven or higher may purchase
(or keep) this Merit.

Offensive to Animals: (1 ptFlaw)

For some reason, animals cringe from your touch and
are uneasy in your presence. Perhaps it is because you have
been tainted by your dealings with the Infernal, or perhaps
they just dislike your smell. For whatever reason, animals are
jittery around you, including any hounds used to guard your
Cenaculum. You have a two dice penalty in any actions
involving animals.

Society
Ecclesial Rank: (1-3 ptMerit)

Inaddition to being a member of the Society of Leopold,
you are also a member of the Roman Catholic hierarchy.
This Merit determines your standing within the hierarchy.
Note that anyone possessing a high rank within the Church
is usually at least in their mid-30s.

Inquisitor Society
Rebel (1-3 ptFlaw)

For some reason, you (and possibly your allies) are
considered rebels by other Inquisitors. Depending upon your
reputation, you might simply be scorned (and don't expect
anyone to help you), or you may be hated outright, even as
much as the supernaturals. There may be a reason for this
reputation, or it might arise simply from a case of maligned
reputation, or you might have even been set up by one of the

Cunpter Tunte: Cuanacter CReation 59


x

\

OF =

r W

y) Kindred (particularly the anarchs, who love to do this kind
y

of thing to Inquisitors).

Supernatural Enemy: (1-5 ptFlaw)

Due toan incident in your past, you have an enemy who
is a vampire, werewolf or other such creature of the Devil.
He will not be a constant threat, but he will appear to
bedevil you and your companions. The more powerful the
enemy, or the more frequent his appearance, the more
powerful the Flaw. You must determine who your foe is
(although the Storyteller will create him), and how you
became enemies; this can easily be worked into your
character's prelude. Remember that Inquisitors will regu-
larly earn enemies; taking this Flaw means that someone is
particularly interested in ruining your life.

Dark Heritage: (2 ptFlaw)

Your bloodline has been tainted in the eyes of the
Inquisition. You might have had a distant ancestor who was
burned at the stake for practicing witchcraft, or another
telative is believed to have become one of the children of
Caine, or lycanthropy is said to run in your blood. Whatever
the case may be, the Inquisition believes that your bloodline
is tainted, and you may one day pose a danger as well ("the
sins of the father," after all). Even if your heritage has no
other effect on you (in terms of Merits and Flaws, Attributes,
or otherwise), you have what you and others believe to be a
blotch on your soul.

Disreputable Cenacle: (2 ptFlaw)

Your cenacle has been shamed by an event in the past.
It is considered less prestigious, less trustworthy or ineffec-
tive.

You have a secret friendship with a denizen of the
World of Darkness: a vampire, mage, werewolf or other
supernatural entity. Knowledge of this would not only
destroy your reputation among hunters — it would place you
on their hit list. You must always cover up any activities that
deal with this friendship, and you are paranoid that your
secret is always on the verge of discovery (which it is).

Physical
Light Sleeper: (1 ptMerit)

You need less sleep than other mortals: you can func-
tion quite well on four hours a night. If the Storyteller
imposes penalties on other mortals for sleep deprivation
(one or two dice penalties are suggested), then you are
exempt. Needless to say, this allows you to accomplish a lot
more with your daily activities, regardless of whether you are
an Inquisitor or a freelance writer.

Aging (3 ptFlaw)

You are not as spry as you used to be; you must lower any
one Physical Attribute score (your choice) by one point. You
may take this Flaw once per decade above 40 years of age.

Therefore, take up the armor of God.... Stand, therefore,
having girded your loins with truth, and having put on the
breastplate of justice...in all things taking up the shield of faith,
with which you may be able to quench all the fiery darts of the most
wicked one. And take unto you the helmet of salvation, and the
sword of the spirit, that is, the word of God.

— Ephesians 6: 13-17

If, as the Society of Leopold posits, the supernatural
creatures that infest the Earth are the vanguard of the
Antichrist, then mortals would seem at a disadvantage; the
supernaturals have a vast array of "powers" (to use so banal
aterm) at their disposal. Mortals, however, are not without
weapons of their own in this combat against the Supernatu-
ral. In addition to the human spirit, which has the unerring
tendency to strengthen in the face of adversity, some mor-
tals have learned to draw directly on the power of Heaven,
through a collection of abilities known loosely as Numina.

The Society of Leopold, in its centuries-old struggle
against the powers of darkness, is full of men and women who
have come into the power of Numina. The two chief
weapons that these mortals have come to draw upon are
their Faith and the arts of Theurgy. Furthermore, mortals
have learned to rely upon the sanctuary of the Church and
holy ground, as well as the power present in the relics of the
faith. The Inquisition has learned how best to take advan-
tage of these weapons, and this chapter details their
operations, uses, and effects.

Theurgy

When this child Jesus was five years old, he was playing at
the ford of a stream.... He made soft clay and modeled twelve
sparrows from it.... Jesus clapped his hands and cried to the
sparrows, "Be gone." And the sparrows flew off chirping.

— The Infancy Gospel of Thomas

One of the most hotly contested issues within the
Society of Leopold is the use of Theurgy. Strictly defined,
Theurgy is the use of magic through the assistance — or
control — of good spirits. The practice of Theurgy was
introduced into the Society during the Renaissance, when
the "ancient arts" of alchemy and magic were being redis-
covered by Christian scholars (a number of whom,
incidentally, were burnt at the stake for heresy). Some allege
that a sudden decline in faith had weakened the Church at
large and the Society in particular. This was a time of
conflicting paradigms, when the Church was losing its
philosophical hegemony.

In 1523, Augustus Gracian, a Spanish Franciscan, sug-
gested in a private Council that the Society consider the
acceptance of Theurgy. This proposal provoked a debate
that included, among other things, suggestions that Augustus
himself be sent to the stake. The arguments for and against
Theurgy were manifold, drawing upon church history and
philosophy. Augustus, in an eloquent speech, proclaimed

ae,

60 Tue Inquisition

that the Church and the Society were in a new age, one in
which the advances and knowledge of pagan civilization
could be put to best use for the glory of the Church. This
debate merely mirrored the same conversation about "spiri-
tual" versus "demonic" magic that was occurring in ecclesial
and intellectual circles across Europe.

Augustus persuaded a few Inquisitors; chief among
them was the current Inquisitor-General, himself a
Franciscan. In an official Society document, he officially
allowed "the use and practice of Theurgy, to the greater glory
of God and His Church, and in defense of mankind against
the soldiers of the Enemy." Augustus, having secretly stud-
ied the Theurgic arts among the Jews of Spain, began the
process of teaching a few select disciples the art of Theurgy.

Many within the Society still have a dim view of
Theurgy, which seems little different from Goety (magic
that invokes "evil" spirits), or any other thaumaturgic prac-
tice. Magic, simply put, is magic, and magic is evil. Even the
use of "good" magic merely opens the door to temptation and
damnation, and some believe that the Society has simply no
place for Theurgy in its midst. The critics of Theurgy openly
call Theurgists "Fausts," believing them to have sold their
soul, or "Simonites," after the early magus which Saint Peter
defeated. Such critics have even, on occasion, refused to
operate in cenacles which include a practicing Theurgist.

For its advocates, Theurgy is simply another manner of
invoking the aid of heaven; while it is truly a form of
"magic," it a sanctified variant. Magic granted by heaven
must be good. Some Theurgists, when pressed into argu-
ment, will insinuate that the sacraments of the church are
little more than theurgic invocations themselves.

System

Theurgy, in operation, is simply hedge magic. Its effects
frequently reproduce the results of other forms of hedge
magic; the Christian Theurgist is doing little different from
an Infernalist, a minor occultist or a Gypsy. However, it is
hedge magic clothed in Christian idioms, dressed in sacred
metaphor. Theurgic operations require at least a brief invo-
cation, usually of the name(s) of God, the Savior, Mary,
various Saints or Angels; other times, the invocation will be
in lengthy rituals.

There are a number of Theurgic Ways, akin to standard
Hedge Magic Paths. Some deal with healing, others with
destroying. Some Theurgists communicate with the dead,
and others with the spiritual world. The Ways depicted
below represent the more common Ways; others exist, but
are more rare. Storytellers and players are encouraged to
create more Ways in their Chronicle.

Keep the following in mind when considering Theurgy:

© The Way's level determines what the Theurgist is
capable of performing.

© Some sort of ritual must be performed or a focus used.
Rituals can take one turn per level of the Way and might
tequire extended successes. Some Ways cost a Willpower
point.

ZA
4

© An Attribute + Ability roll should be made, usually
Intelligence + Occult. The difficulty is usually the Way's
level + 4.

More information on Hedge Magic can be found in
Ascension's Right Hand, a sourcebook for Mage: The
Ascension.

Each Way must be learned separately. Purchasing
Theurgic Ways at character creation costs seven "freebie
points" per each Way's level. Each dot includes one Ritual
of that Way's level. Additional Rituals cost three freebie
points each, or the Way's level x 3 in experience points.
Increasing a Path costs its current level x 7 in experience
points. Thus, increasing a character's Theurgy in one Way
from two dots to three dots costs fourteen experience points,
and would grant one level-three Ritual; an additional Ritual
would cost nine points.

Theurgists who practice the Via Medicamenti, the Way
of Remedy, are healers; they tend to be greatly appreciated
during a dangerous auto-da-fé. The Via Medicamenti will
knit bones, stop bleeding and actually reverse inflicted
damage.

Theurgists need some form of medical knowledge to
successfully perform this Way. Aggravated damage can not
be healed in this fashion.

Effects

Roll: Manipulation + Intuition; costs 1 Willpower per
ailment

° You can soothe minor pains. The ailment
doesn't go away, but the patient feels better for a while.

oe Sprains and minor infections heal more quickly
under your care — characters who are Bruised, Hurt or
Injured heal 50 percent faster.

eee — Allinjuriesup to Crippled heal twice as quickly
as their normal rate, without the risk of infection. You can
temporarily (for the duration of a scene) lessen the dice
penalties by one level for damage through Crippled, and you
can help an Incapacitated character get to her feet and
move. The actual wounds still require treatment to heal,
however.

.

You can heal chronic diseases like asthma or
arthritis, but it takes time and effort. Even the Incapacitated
will heal 50% faster than normal, and your touch banishes
all but the worst pain.

e@eeee You can heal even deadly conditions, but it
takes a lot out of you and requires weeks of treatment.
Broken bones and major trauma heal in one to three weeks
of care.

Vialgnis
The Via Ignis is one of purgation and damnation; with it,
the Theurgist lets the Damned experience the flames of Hell
before their Final Death, and reminds the Infernal of that which

they can never truly escape. The Theurgist's flame (sometimes
dubbed Holy Fire) is fueled by God's wrath.

Guapten Tunte: Cuanacren Creation

uw

=.


Se

y) Via Ignis summons what appears to be normal fire, but and they typically rely upon the knowledge of the spirit's

it burns even those who are protected from normal flames.
It does not require any Rituals; instead, the flames simply
appear in the Theurgist's hand (without affecting her).

In order to affect anything else, the Theurgist must be
able to touch her intended victim, usually requiring a
successful Dexterity + Brawl or Athletics. If the Theurgist is
striking her opponent, she must use Brawl; of course, regular
Brawling damage is rolled in addition to any fire damage.
Theurgists may summon Holy Fire around any melee weapon
they are using, which is likewise not consumed by the Fire;
any weapon damage done is in addition to the Fire damage.

The Via level reflects how much damage the Holy Fire
inflicts. Holy Fire is capable of causing aggravated damage,
and it burns for half damage (round down) every turn after
the first until it is extinguished. Holy Fire can be extin-
guished in the same manner as normal fire.

Effects

Roll: Dexterity + Brawl/Athletics; Cost: 1 Willpower
(difficulty 6; the difficulty to envelop a weapon is 8).

. One die of damage

° Two dice of damage

Three dice of damage
¢ Four dice of damage
ee Five dice of damage

Via Geniorum

Via Geniorum is one of the Ways that is most distrusted
by Theurgy's critics; Theurgists who practice this Via deal
with the realm of spirits and the demonic, a most unsavory
occupation. Those Theurgists who practice the Via
Geniorum argue that all creatures are ultimately under the
callofheaven, includingspiritsand demons. These Theurgists
believe that there is an entire spectrum of Spirits who allied
neither with Heaven nor Hell, yet can easily be commanded
by the power of Heaven. Such a distinction is seen as
semantic at best by the critics of this Via: a demon by any
other name...

Of course, most Theurgists who practice this Via tend
not to reveal their inclinations except among other trusted
Theurgists, lest they be summoned by a curious Censor.

Rituals

Via Geniorum is a compilation of specific Rituals of
graded levels of power. The rituals are broken into four
categories: Summoning, Binding, Dismissal and Protection.

¢ Summoning Rituals are those which allow the
Theurgist to call for the spirit. Summoning requires a suc-
cessful Charisma + Occult roll (difficulty is typically 9), and
extended rolls of 8 or more successes. Each type of spirit
requires a separate Ritual.

© Binding allows the Theurgist to force a spirit into
servitude. Binding Rituals vary from creature to creature,

true name. Remember that "close" doesn't count; there isno
room for guesswork. Some Rituals requiring sacrifice or
payment are known, but Theurgists will frown on these,
since they place the Theurgist in a bargaining position: the
power of Heaven does not bargain. Bindings require a
Manipulation + Occult roll (difficulty typically 8).

© Dismissal Rituals allow a Theurgist to force a creature
back to its native realm. These are the most common Rituals
known to the more pious Theurgists. Their rolls and difficul-
ties vary tremendously.

© Protection Rituals protect individuals from specific
types of creature. Such Rituals normally involve the cre-
ation of Sigils, which range from small hand-held objects to
large circles. Some Sigils may be fragile or easily disturbed,
such as a chalk-drawn circle; others are more durable, such
as a circle engraved into the Theurgist's floor. Theurgists
typically surround their Cenacula with an intricate network
of protective Sigils. This via requires a Wits + Occult roll
(difficulty typically 7).

Grades

Each level in this Via allows the Theurgist more com-
plex interactions with greater and greater forces. Summoning
rituals are often the easiest to find; as the grades increase, the
chances of locating binding, dismissing, or protection rituals
decrease. The higher grades have few known Rituals; even
the most practiced Theurgists ever venture into this terri-
tory.

. Calling: These Rituals are only for summon-
ing spirit entities.
ee Spirit Summoning: Minor spirits (e.g.,

Gafflings, minor elementals, low level Minions) can be
contacted, but not true demons. These Rituals require five
or more extended successes on a Charisma + Occult roll
(difficulty 8). Various rituals also exist for binding, dismiss-
ing and warding these spirits.

eee Minor Summoning: More powerful spirits
(e.g., servitor-rank demons, or more powerful Minions) may
be contacted; Rituals require 10 or more successes (difficulty
9). Various Rituals also exist for binding, dismissing, and
warding these spirits.

eeee Prime Summoning: Greater spirits, and de-
mons called "tempters" (the lower-level ones) may be
summoned. Such spirits and demons can be very dangerous,
to both the Theurgist's body and soul; very few Theurgists,
even those who rise to this grade, ever truly attempt these
summoning Rituals.

eeeee Great Summoning: Greater level tempters,
and other Preceptor Lords, can be summoned. Various
Rituals also exist for binding, dismissing and warding these
spirits.

peal

62 Tue Inguisition


Demons cannot be properly summarized here. More
information on demons and spirits (including their
"tanks" and abilities) can be found in The Book of
Madness, a supplement for Mage: The Ascension;
players with Theurgists who use this Via, or Storytellers
who intend to make extensive use of the Infernal, are
strongly recommended to examine this book. The ranks
teferred to in the Via Geniorum are artificial ranks, and
not true Infernal ones.

Via Necromantiae

The Via Necromantiae is a set of Rituals designed to
contact or banish the dead. These Rituals resemble in parts
those of the Via Geniorum, but they are, nonetheless,
distinct. The Via Necromantiae does not have any grades.

* Communication: Theurgists may attempt to contact
the dead by making a Charisma + Occult roll. The difficulty
is typically 10. However, if the Theurgist is in possession of
an item belonging to the deceased, or is with someone close
to her, the difficulty drops to 9. If the Theurgist is in the
former home (or other place of great significance) of the
deceased, the difficulty drops to 8. If both factors are met, the
difficulty is 7. Likewise, if the Theurgist is attempting to
contact the dead in a place where the veil between the
Underworld and the world of the living is thin (e.g., a
graveyard), the difficulty is reduced by two. Theurgists in
possession of any of the wraith's Fetters (see Wraith: The
Oblivion) have their difficulty reduced by one for each
Fetter.

Maintaining contact with the dead is difficult. Each
success rolled allows the Theurgist one minute of communi-
cation. The time period can be doubled for another point of
Willpower.

© Warding: Theurgists may protect an area from ghostly
intrusion. By use of a precautionary Ritual and the expendi-
ture ofa point of Willpower, as well asa successful Willpower
roll (difficulty 7), the Theurgist may block wraiths from
entering the Warded area: each success indicates one week
of successful Warding.

© Expulsion: Theurgists may also use this Via to expel
ahaunting spirit. This requires a Manipulation + Occult roll
(difficulty of the ghost's Willpower + 3, maximum of 10);
this is a sustained roll, requiring a number of successes equal
to twice the ghost's Willpower. Simply initiating the ban-
ishing costs one Willpower, but no more Willpower is
required for the remainder of the struggle.

It is rumored that some Theurgists actually use the Via
Necromantiae to enter the Underworld. Many Theurgists
would say that this is impossible, and no ritual is known to
exist which will allow such to happen. Others merely shrug.

Through the Via Oraculi, Theurgists may glimpse into
the unknown future or see the unseen past. Of course, many

within the Society (and the Church) argue that the future
is God's alone, but Theurgists counter that as the Sibylline
Oracles foretold events in the life of Christ as well as the Last
Judgment, then not all divination is necessarily evil.

The Via Oraculi can only be performed after meditation
and prayer: depending upon how far ahead (or behind) the
Theurgist is attempting to see, this preparatory period can last
froma half-hour toanentire day. Whena character isattempting
to use the Via Oraculi during a story, the player should indicate
to the Storyteller just what information the character desires.
The base difficulty is 8 for very generic information; more
specific information might increase the difficulty to 9 or 10. For
example,a Theurgistattempting to divine whetherhisCenaculum
will be attacked that night would roll against difficulty 8. If he
tries todivine how many people, and what kinds of opponents he
is likely to face, the difficulty would increase.

The number of successes rolled determines how clear
the Theurgist's divination is. Generally, each success should
give the Theurgist one hint or clue; these clue will come as
symbolic visions or brief abstract representations. Visions of
the future do not always come with explanatory footnotes.

The Theurgist's skill in the Via Oraculi determines how
far into the past or the future she can see: the greater the
skill, the more Heaven will reveal to them.

Effects

Roll: Perception + Occult; Cost: 1 Willpower

° Upto 1 month into the past or 2 weeks into the
future

oe Upto 1 year into the past or 6 months into the
future

eee ~~ Upto 10 years into the past or 5 years into the
future"

eee Upto 100 years into the past or 50 years into
the future

e@eeee Any point in the past or future (difficulty 10 to

see past 100 years ago or over 50 years into the
future)

True Faith

The importance of faith to the very existence of a
religious tradition is without question. It provides suste-
nance to the tradition through centuries of intellectual
challenge, political struggle and cultural change. It can
inspire, it can motivate, it can breathe life into the ailing
soul. Of course, faith in the hands of the narrow-minded can
be dangerous; for these individuals, faith seems to also
compel judgmental and even destructive behavior. Faith
can create and destroy equally.

True Faith is a rare commodity even among the reli-
gious. Faith is more than just a deeply held conviction in
God (in whatever form one would revere the Almighty) that
is both higher than and deeper than conventional belief; it
is at the core of a believer's soul. It is the flowering of the
Divine in the heart of humanity, the whisper of God in the
believer's soul, the very axis of a believer's life.

Cuapren Tune: Cunnacten Creation


64

Note that True Faith does not imply orthodoxy, nor is
iteven mere piety. We are discussing Faith in the divine, not
in the Holy Office or the teachings of a particular church.
Faith is an individual relationship with God, uninhibited by
dogma, liturgy or hierarchy. While many with Faith will be
full believers of all that the Church (or any religious tradi-
tion) has to offer, one with Faith can be equally guided by
her own religious conviction or inclination.

Faith is, simply put, the strongest weapon in the hands
of an Inquisitor. Through the workings of Faith, an Inquisi-
tor can drive back the spawn of Caine, can soothe some of
the frenzy of a hostile werebeast, and can resist the sorcerous
ways of the magi. Ultimately, one can even perform miracles,
although these are certainly rare and unusual occasions.

System

Faith is a Trait on a scale from one to ten; most
characters, mortal or otherwise, will have a zero rating in
Faith. Faith costs seven freebie points per dot at character
creation. If increasing a Faith rating, it costs the Inquisitor's
current rating x 3, in experience points, up through a Faith
rating of five. For ratings higher than five, it costs the
character's current level x 5. Characters must have a mini-
mum Humanity rating ofnine tohave Faith; iftheir Humanity
ever drops below nine, then all Faith points are lost, and they
can only be recovered by extreme regret and penitential
deeds (and, of course, by raising one's Humanity back to
ten). Supernaturals who would develop Faith are limited:
they may start with no more than one dot of Faith, which
costs seven freebie points.

The Effects of Faith

Faith has a multitude of effects at even the lowest of
levels. At its minimum, it can be added to a character's
Willpower and Virtue rolls. In times of great need, if a
character is entirely out of Willpower points, then she may
call upon her Faith: Faith points can be substituted for
Willpower points. When her Faith points are all gone, then
she is entirely out of luck.

Faith points that are lost in this manner are regained by
acts of devotion. If the use of Faith as Willpower was
successful, then lost Faith should be returned almost
as lost Willpower. If the use of Faith as Willpower was
failure, then it should require more acts of devotion on the
part of the character.

Although the Society has come to learn that those of
greater piety and faith may affect the supernatural while the
faithless cannot, the Society does not quantify Faith into
"levels of ability." Faith ultimately defies quantification.

Dominus Vobiscum

Mortals with a Faith rating may bless another character.
Ordination is nota necessity if the mortal has Faith. Depend-
ing upon the tradition, the form a blessing takes may vary.
In the Roman Catholic tradition, the blessing usually con-
sists of a priest making the sign of the cross (gesturing with
his right hand in a cruciform gesture in the air before him)

Tue Inquisition


Faith Reborn

What, exactly, are the acts of devotion that would
help restore an individual's Faith? Generally, these acts
are decided by the tenets of one's religion. Examples of
devotional acts include:

© Praying a novena: utterance of a series of prayers
nine days in a row.

© Meditation on the Gospel: reading a chapter
from the Gospels, and meditating on its meaning and
importance for a few hours.

© Almsgiving: donating personal monies or time to
a homeless shelter or charity.

© Eucharist: daily attendance in the Divine Lit-
urgy for a week. This is, of course, in addition to the
standard weekly obligation.

© Meditation on one's sins: Mea culpa, mea culpa,
mea maxima culpa.
© Flagellation: for some medievally minded In-
quisitors, this is still a valid form of penance.

¢ Ejaculation: in Church-talk, this means a brief
utterance of prayer, e.g., "Eternal rest grant unto them
O Lord, and perpetual light shine upon them, and may
they rest in peace." Repeat this a hundred times or so.

above the person being blessed, while making a short prayer
—as short as "the Lord be with you."

The results of a blessing may vary from the contextual,
just adding a touch of atmosphere to a game, to the "me-
chanics" aspect. Roll Faith (difficulty of 8). The number of
successes determines possible effects, which are up to the
Storyteller. The following list is not meant to be decisive.

Successes/Effect

1 Beneficiary "feels" better, but nothing else happens.

2 Beneficiary gains a temporary Willpower point
(till end of scene).

3 Beneficiary gains a temporary Willpower point (as
above) plus one additional die on any one Ability
roll made.

4 Beneficiary gains a temporary Willpower point (as
above) plus two additional dice on the next Dodge
or Soak (player's choice) that must be made.

5 Beneficiary gains a temporary Willpower point (as
above) plus three additional dice on the next
Dodge or Soak (player's choice) that must be made.

Blessing should not be a routine event treated with
mechanistic dispassion. ("Check my ammo, gas up the jeep,
bless my allies.") It should be done at a dramatic and
appropriate time. If it becomes routine, then Storytellers
may increase the difficulty, or simply ignore this rule alto-
gether.

Items that are blessed may be used by those without
Faith as though they do have it, but usually for a limited

duration. A mortal may drive off a vampire, have limited
countermagick, etc.; the item carries a temporary Faith
rating of one.

Successes/Time
1 one round (whenever necessary)
2 one turn
3 one story
4 one chronicle
5 permanent
Faith Hi

Those with True Faith may attempt to heal another's
wounds by "laying on hands" and praying. The power of
Heaven is fickle, though, and not every wound will be
healed every time.

Roll acharacter's Faith rating (difficulty 8); the number
of successes indicates the number of wound levels restored.
The presence of any aggravated damage automatically brings
the difficulty to 9.

Characters may also voluntarily offer up their own
health in return for another's health as part of their prayer:
each wound level that the healer sacrifices is one wound
level restored in another, regardless of the wound level;
aggravated damage cannot be healed in this fashion. This is
in addition to any other health levels restored through
prayer.

Faith healing (including sacrificial) requires the expen-

diture of one Willpower point.

Limits on Healing

The mortal body can take only so much. Some
Storytellers may not want mortal characters being healed
as easily as supernatural creatures, be it through Faith
Healing or Via Medicamenti. Storytellers may rule that
wounded characters, once healed, still suffer from their
original wound level's difficulty modifier until they can
rest for a full night. If the healed character expends a
Willpower point, then her movement penalties are
decreased by one health level. Under this option, a
character who is healed from Crippled to Injured still
has a - 5 penalty and can only crawl. By expending a
Willpower point, she will be able to hobble. Although
her body has mended, it still must recuperate. This
option will not allow characters — or intelligent ones
— to rush into battle again, but they can certainly get
the hell out of Dodge.

Holy Days
The Faithful will find that it is much easier to draw upon.
their Faith on holy days: these are the days that bear some
special importance to the members of the faith, typically
marking a significant event in the history of the faith, where
Heaven and Earth were joined. On these days, the difficulty
of Faith-based rolls are lessened by 1.

Cuapren Tunee: Guanacten CREATION


Such days vary according to tradition and even country.
There are a number of significant days, but be careful not to
go overboard: don't expect your Inquisitor's Faith rolls to be
any easier on the Feast day of Saint Romuald! (If your
character's name is Romuald, then it is another matter
entirely...)

The most important day in the Christian calendar isn't
Christmas. It's Easter, the center of the liturgical year; on
Easter, Faith-based rolls find their difficulty lessened by 2.

Faith againstSupernaturals

Faith is particularly valuable against the supernaturals.
Its effects vary from the subtle to the splendid. In some cases
it is predictable, but it is mever mundane and never taken for
granted.

Vampires

Vampires are among the supernaturals who show the
most visible reaction to a Faith-wielding Inquisitor. Faith
can ward against a vampire, repel her or even damage her.

A mortal trying to hold a vampire at bay must extend
her holy symbol toward the vampire(s). The mortal rolls her
Faith rating (difficulty of the vampire's Willpower). The
number of successes rolled determines the number of steps
backward that the vampire must make. If five successes are
rolled, then the vampire either flees, or if impossible, takes
a (non-aggravated) level of Health damage: the pain is so
great that the vampire's entire body is wracked in agony.
This option differs somewhat from the one presented in
Hunters Hunted; the Storyteller can determine which
method she prefers.

Ifthe mortal places his holy symbol against the vampire's
body (splashes holy water, presses a crucifix, etc.), the
vampire actually receives damage: the number of successes
determines non-aggravated damage levels received. As an
option, Storytellers may decide that five successes causes
one level of aggravated damage.

Note that in standard Vampire chronicles, the vampire
rolls his Willpower against the mortal's faith, and the
number of successes determines the number of steps forward
that may be taken. In a game with combined mortals/
vampire players, then Faith and Willpower are opposing
rolls; the combatant with the most successes wins the
conflict.

Ghouls, incidentally, have no problems entering holy
ground other than perhaps a slight shiver of apprehension.

Werewolves
The Saint made the Sign of the Cross toward [the fierce wolf
of Gubbio]. And the power of God, proceeding as much from
himself as from his companion, checked the wolf and made it slow
down and close its cruel mouth.
— Brother Ugolino di Monte Santa Maria, The Little
Flowers of Saint Francis
Faith, when wielded against werewolves, has less dra-
matic an effect than against vampires. Instead of causing

them physical damage, or even holding them at bay, itseems
to check the might of their bestial powers. A werewolf who
wishes to kill an Inquisitor may simply walk forward and do
so, but any of its Rage-driven powers may be hampered.

When a mortal with Faith is confronting a werewolf,
the mortal must make a Faith roll (difficulty of the werewolf'
Rage). Each success adds to the difficulty of the werewolfs
Rage roll.

Likewise, a mortal with Faith may bring a werewolf out
of frenzy. A successful Faith roll (again with the werewolf'
Rage rating as the difficulty) and the expenditure of a
Willpower point will calm a frenzied werewolf.

Mages

A certain witch said: "When a man once asked me to kill an
enemy of his, or else to injure him grievously by a stroke of
lighting or in some other way, I invoked my demon, who
answered that he could do neither: for he said that the man had a
pure faith and protected himself diligently with the sign of the
Cross."

— Francesco Guazzo, Compendium Maleficarium

Witches, warlocks and cabals of sorcerors have long
infested mortal society. At times, their magick is subtle, like
a whisper; other times, it is harsh, like a vulgar shout. —
Regardless, those with Faith are protected from these sorcer-
ies.

Inquisitors and other mortals may use Faith as a form of
countermagick: each point of Faith grants the mortal one
die of countermagick.

Wraiths

The Society of Leopold is split on the nature of wraiths:
some Inquisitors feel that they are truly human spirits, while
others feel that they are merely demon spirits that require
the facade of a dead human. Regardless of their true origin
and nature, wraiths are known to use one truly insidious
ability: possession.

Mortals may be protected from such attempts at posses-
sion. A wraith attempting to possess a mortal in any fashion
must roll against the mortal's Willpower. (For more infor-
mation, see Wraith: the Oblivion, pp. 167-169.) If the
mortal possesses Faith, then her Faith is added to her
Willpower.

Mortals who are attempting to Ward a wraith may add
their Faith score to their Willpower for the purpose of the
Warding roll. A minimum Rites 2 score may take place of
the Occult 3 that is usually required.

Exorcists who wish to drive out a possessing wraith must
roll their Faith rating (difficulty of the wraith's Willpower);
some form of holy symbol is necessary for a true exorcism. If
a titual of exorcism is used (which will, like holy symbols,
vary in nature according to the exorcist's tradition), then
the Exorcist's Rites skill may be added to their Faith rating.
An Exorcism will dissolve any Consort link that has been
built by a wraith, which then has to repeat the process again.


The Infernal
Demons and other infernal creatures may be held at bay
or injured in the same manner as vampires. Likewise, they
may be exorcised in the same manner as wraiths.

Holy Symbols
The use of holy symbols against vampires, witches, the
possessed, ghosts and other supernaturals is pervasive in
hunter lore. Unfortunately, little of it is based in truth.

Ultimately, no use of Faith truly requires the presence
of a holy symbol. However, most mortals, including Inquisi
tors, are handicapped by their belief that a symbol must be
present and in use. For such mortals, holy symbols are
actually a dangerous crutch. Using Faith requires that some
holy symbol must be present on the believer's person; if not
in his hand, then around his neck, in his pocket, etc. Some
uses of Faith, e.g., repelling vampires, actually requires that
the holy symbol be in hand.

The actual form of a holy symbol is, of course, depen-
dent upon one's religion. Sample symbols follow:

* Catholics, Eastern Orthodox, or other "high-church"
denominations: Cross or Crucifix, Bible, Eucharist wafer,
holy water, rosary, scapular, blessed candle, saint's medal,
icon.

© Protestants: Bible, cross.
© Jews: Star of David, Torah, mezuzah (usually affixed
to a doorway), phylactery.

© Hindus: Icon, statue, lingam, incense.

© Native American: Medicine pouch, fetish.
© Muslim: Quran, prayer beads.

Prayerand Rites

enjoin you under penalty, Ancient Serpent! In the name of
the Judge of the Livingand the Dead! In the name of Our Creator!
In the name of the creator of the world! In the name of him who
has power to send you into Hell! Depart from this servant of God!

— Roman Ritual of Exorcism

Spoken prayer is a sonorous Holy Symbol, the exclama-
tion of the believer's faith in the divine. Assuch, prayer may
be used as a holy symbol in times of need. Typically, short
invocations work best: recitation of the name of Christ,
Mary, the names of Allah, etc. Many Rites are so designed
to be uttered repeatedly, and so are ideal for this purpose.

A mortal must make a successful Intelligence + Rites
roll to concentrate upon their prayers (difficulty varies—at
the minimum 6, but in times of stress 7 or even 8 may be
required). It makes no difference whether Rites have been
committed to memory or are being recited from a breviary —
unless, of course, an Inquisitor relies upon a breviary and
suddenly finds it missing.

While Society records and other witch-hunter accounts
refer to cases in which a supernatural was driven off without
use of a holy symbol, the idea that reliance upon a symbol
may be a crutch has not yet been realized. Some hunters,

Guapren Tunee: Guanacten GREaTION 67


throughout history, have attempted schemes as absurd as
engraving miniature cruciforms on weapons, but such hunt-
ers tend to be short lived.

Pooling Faith

What happens when more than one Inquisitor with
Faith operate together? Two options are possible: individual
rolls and pooled Faith. Individual rolls are the most com-
mon; each individual makes his own Faith roll. However,
these rolls, even ifdone in the same turn, are not cumulative.
For example, four Inquisitors are combating a vampire; one
Inquisitor has a Faith rating of three, and the other three
Inquisitors have a Faith of one. Each Inquisitor successfully
rolls against their Faith, producing among them a total of six
successes. Only five successes would normally drive a Kin-
dred away, or even harm them; however, because these came
from different sources, they do not stack.

The Faithful may choose to act in concert and pool
their Faith. This requires that all participants be members of
the same religious tradition, even if they are from different
denominations; for example, Lutherans, Quakers, and Ro-
man Catholics are all members of the Christian tradition, so
they may pool their faith; likewise, Shi'ite and Sunni Mus-
lims may pool their faith. A Catholic anda Muslim, however,
might believe each other to be "mistaken" in their faith and
unable to draw upon the true power of God; this disbelief will
work against them, and their Faith cannot be pooled, unless
they possess the Ecumenical Merit.

Those who "pool" their Faith operate under the Faith
rating of the member with the highest current rating, plus
one per extra participant. If the Inquisitors in the above
example were to pool their Faith, they would roll six dice:
three for the one with the highest Faith, and one die per
additional Inquisitor. If the pooled Faith rolls particularly
well, they can earn six successes — more than enough to
drive away the Kindred, or even harm him.

Pooling Faith on holy ground adds a minor complica-
tion: add the holy ground's Faith rating to the group's revised
"pooled faith" rating, and then proceed as normal.

The Vagaries of Faith

Some Storytellers may wish to impose limits on the
uses of pooled Faith. They may determine that Faith
cannot be pooled for praying for miracles or other
extreme forms of divine intervention, arguing that in
such cases Heaven is more concerned with quality, not
quantity: 10 individuals with a Faith of one do not
equate to one individual with a Faith of 10.

Likewise, Storytellers may choose to limit pooled
Faith to a number no higher than double the rating of
the individual with the highest Faith. Ten individuals
acting in concert, one with a Faith of three and the
others with a Faith of one each, would produce a pooled
Faith of six, not twelve (3 + 1 + 1 + etc...)!

Those Who Walk With Heaven

These are the friends of God: they have discovered divine
secrets: they guard them with devout silence.

— Hugh of Saint-Victor, De Arrha Animae

Individuals who are particularly strong in Faith (any-
one with a rating of six or more) are literally beacons in the
World of Darkness and stand a step apart from other hu-
mans. They are called by many names: friends of God, the
Beatific, saints, holy men; their titles matter not — they are
the advocates of Heaven on Earth, and are powerful allies in
the war against the Enemy. They are living vessels of
Numina.

The Beatific automatically gain the Merit Holy Aura:
their aura burns brightly for anyone who can see auras. Even
those who are aura-blind sense something more about these
people.

The Beatific find that their very presence disrupts
supernatural activity, and they have a number of powerful
benefits when contending with the supernatural:

¢ The Beatific no longer rely upon holy symbols when
contending with the powers of darkness; they realize that
the power of Heaven flows freely in spite of any wooden
artifact.

© The Beatific, on a Faith roll, can automatically sense
the presence of the supernatural; by extending a Willpower
point, they can determine the source, but not the exact
nature.

* The Beatific can see through all Levels of Kindred
Obfuscate, Chimerstry and other related Disciplines or Gifts
with a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty of the opposing
power's level + 3).

© Vampires, wraiths and demons cannot stand to be in
the presence of the Beatific. They cannot approach any
closer than one foot per level of Faith that the Beatific
possesses, without making a Willpower roll and expending
a Willpower point, unless the Beatific specifically invites
them to approach. If a Beatific approaches, then they are
forced to back away.

© Demons and other conjured spirits recoil from the
touch of the Beatific, and refuse to touch them.

* Kindred touching the Beatific with malicious intent
receive aggravated damage, rolled against the Beatific's
Faith rating. However, a Beatific can touch them without
any difficulty, or causing them automatic damage.

Those who devoutly cling to God often perform wonders
when the need arises, sometimes by prayer, sometimes by their
own power.

—Saint Gregory, The Dialogues, Book II: Saint Benedict.

Truly the strongest tool — if it can legitimately be
considered such — in the hands of the Faithful is the power
of miracles. Miracles are the manifestation of the divine
through the hands of the Faithful. For men and women of
true holiness and virtue, miracles may be considered daily

|

Tue Inquisition

occurrences; but such men and women are rare. Many argue
that the days of the saints are long past.

Strictly considered, a miracle is the interference with
nature by some supernatural power. Such interferences need
not necessarily be the "contradiction" of nature — e.g.,
raising the dead, or parting waters — but may be the
"unnatural" assistance of it: curing an illness, calming a wild
beast. Likewise, such actions need not be dynamic and
overpowering; a miracle unnoticed is still a miracle.

Very few of the Society of Leopold are capable of
performing miracles. Faith is typically difficult enough to
maintain and increase. Faith to the point of becoming a
miracle-worker is even more difficult. But those few rare
miracle workers do exist.

Characters are not capable of performing miracles until
they have a minimum Faith score of six. In today's secular,
disbelieving age, most miracles will be subtle acts. Ulti-
mately, the Storyteller should be responsible for the presence
and role of miracles in her games. While a character will be
allowed to determine occasions when he might call upon the
power of his deity, it is up to the Storyteller to determine if
and how the deity answers.

Examples of Miracles

The following may be considered guidelines for the
types of miracles that can be performed at the appropriate
Faith rating.

Six

Sanctify an area, temporarily granting any locationa +1
to its Faith rating for the next 24 hours. If the location did
not previously have a Faith rating, then the area has a
temporary Faith 1.

Create an area of tranquility: the difficulty of reaction
tolls are reduced by 1. Werewolves' difficulty to Rage rolls is
increased by 1 while in this area.

Feel God's faith in you: You get an extra Willpower
point for the rest of the scene.

Laying on Hands: wounded mortals will heal at twice
their regular rate, provided they rest according to standard
healing rules.

Banish any demon or summoned spirit.

Seven

Cause a creature with murderous intent — vampire,
werewolf, or even mortal — to be overcome by guilt. You
may be kind hearted to the individual, or a stern disciplinar-
ian, but you won't take advantage of the creature's temporary
collapse.

Provide "countermagick" against any mage's magick-
use in your vicinity, whether directed at you or not.

Add three dice to any reaction rolls made toward you,
even with animals. "Calm yourself, Brother Wolf."

Cure a serious — but not terminal — disease.

Bless a religious icon so that if put into contact against
a supernatural being (including mages) it does damage.
Characters using such weapons need not have Faith. Such

"weapons" will do 1 level of damage (non-aggravated) for
every Willpower point you spend during the blessing. The
icon must be representative of your faith and used by
someone of your faith.

Receive a sign which inspires you and your allies. You
each receive an extra Willpower point for the rest of the
scene.

Instantly expel a wraith that is skinriding a mortal. This
will dissolve any Consort link that has been built.

Bring a werewolf out of frenzy.

Eight

Conversion: temporarily or permanently change
someone's Nature, depending upon how well you roll your
Charisma + Empathy vs. the target's Willpower:

1 success: 1 day

2 successes: 1 week

3 successes: 1 month

4 successes: 1 year

5 successes: permanent (more or less; people's lives do
change.)

Reduce the level of vampiric Disciplines by one per
success on a Faith roll. This only lasts for the rest of the
scene.

Nine

Exorcise demons and evil spirits without the recourse to
ritual: your Faith vs. the demon's or spirit's Willpower.

Lay a ghost to rest: the wraith reaches Transcendence.

Permanently set an area of tranquility (as described in
rating 6). The area will become more kind and caring (crime
will drop, people will show the better facets of humanity):
your Faith has left its permanent mark upon the world.

Become completely immune to and protected from
supernatural evil (or whatever supernatural force that would
cause you harm), provided you remain passive and concen-
trate. You can take no violent actions, and may protect
others as well, but only if they remain peaceful.

Cause an evil being to realize that it truly deserves
death, provided that this is the absolute truth. This takes
five successes on a Faith (difficulty of the opponent's Will-
power roll). The target cannot have more than a Humanity
2 (or similar behavior, if using one of the systems that does
not have Humanity), and must be truly guilty of atrocities.
If successful, the creature will remorsefully commit suicide
or submit to execution, which must be humane: quick and
as painless as possible.

Ten

Ignore a source of damage if at least five rounds are spent
in preparation for the feat and a successful Faith roll (diffi-
culty 9) is made: each success removes two dice of damage.
You are steadfast in your faith that you will not be harmed.

Heal all wound levels in a mortal.

Cure blindness or deafness.

Cure a terminal disease.

2
M

tee

>

Cleanse someone of the Embrace, provided the target
wants it. The circumstances must be dramatic, and the
character must have gone through a significant story. The
difficulty is 10; if successful, the vampire becomes mortal.
Alternately, the Kindred can achieve Golconda.

Call the minions of the Divine to aid you in your hour
of need; be prepared for anything from a small group of gun-
wielding soldiers to a solitary dark-cloaked individual; the
minions of the Divine are as varied as the minions of the
Enemy.

The Life of Faith

Neither acquiring the Faith attribute nor increasing it
are assimplea matter as merely paying for it with freebie and/
or experience points. It is a way of life.

Players who wish to develop characters with strong
Faith scores have to give their character's lifestyle serious
thought. Does she live according to the tenets of her reli-
gion? This is much more than simply abiding by various
niggling doctrinal details; it is a matter of living a life of
devotion to her deity, and following whatever path such
devotion should require. It is much more than a matter of
liturgical lip-service, upholding the Sabbath and tossing a
quarter to a homeless person.

There are no standards which can be simply offered as
a measuring stick to determine whether your character has
been "Faithful." Regardless, some guidelines are necessary.

Orthodoxy: Contrary to popular opinion, orthodoxy is
not necessarily a qualifying factor to a life of Faith — an
irony the Society of Leopold has yet to discover. Many men
and women of Faith have lived with beliefs that differ from
the norm, varied from what is commonly accepted; such
figures either become heretics or saints, or, as has happened
in history, have become the figureheads of their own reli-
gions. Mortals do not have to accept everything that is
doctrinally approved according to their Church. However,
they must believe in the heart of what the tradition has to
offer; Catholics, for example, must believe that Jesus Christ
is the Son of God and Savior, and that he established the
Catholic Church to deliver salvation to the rest of the world.
The Church, for these Faithful, may seem to go astray, but
it still possesses the keys to Heaven.

Characters have to believe in the heart of their religion
but not necessarily every spoken word of it. Of course, there
will be some Inquisitors who believe in every word the
Catholic Church has to offer; it comes with the nature of
their personalities. Characters who are less than orthodox
will most likely be somewhat reserved about their piety —
but then the truly Faithful should not make great public
displays of their Faith, anyway.

Worship: This represents much more than simply
attending church at the right times or blindly obeying the
Sabbath. It represents a joy-filled celebration of the Faith,
done out of the heart of the believer. "Worship" should
extend beyond the church walls —all life should be worship.


Characters that do attend liturgies will do so out of the desire
to be part of their tradition's liturgical life.

Piety: Belief must be put into action. It is one thing to
simply say that you believe in the tenets of the Faith, but do
you really live according to them? Do you go out of your way
to do what is right? Characters with Faith should be con-
cerned about more than just "killing vampires and making
the world safe"; they should be concerned about transform-
ing the world so that it comes one step closer to Heaven on
Earth.

Motivation: Why does your character do what she
does? Does she go to church simply because she is supposed
to? Does she feed the poor hoping for a few more indul-
gences? Or does she do it out of a zeal to do what is right?
While some measure of Faith — and fear — might prompt
such actions, generally, a character's behavior must be
heartfelt, not just because they are trying to avoid divine
retribution.

In general, you must watch your character's behavior
during and between hunts. Why does she hunt vampires at
all? Is it out of a belief that she is fulfilling a sacred mission,
oris it simply for revenge? How does she undertake her hunt?
Does she do her best to make sure that innocents are not
hurt, no matter what? Is she willing to sacrifice herself before
others? When she kills one of her foes, is it with a cry of joy
or a prayer for mercy?

Your character is not expected to be perfect. She may
backslide along the road to perfect Faith and make errors in
judgment. She is only human. Ideally, she will grow with her
experiences; perhaps a hot-headed young witch-hunter can
eventually mature into a wise and merciful one, avoiding
unnecessary violence and regretting the loss of yet another
human soul, no matter how tainted by the Infernal. Even
more powerful than the miracles that Faith may produce in
the outside world are the miracles that may occur within the
human soul.

Inquisitors and the Hierarchy of Sins

The Hierarchy of Sins applies as much to Inquisitors as
it does to vampires, and many times Society members will
have to make a Conscience roll to avoid losing Humanity.

Much of this, of course, does depend upon a character's
viewpoint. Do the characters believe that werewolves and
vampires are truly demons, with no shred of humanity? Do
the characters believe that an auto-da-fé is the only solution?
Does the Apostolate of the Society truly excuse "purposeful
wrongdoing" in the name of God?

Medieval Inquisitors were monstrous and barbaric by
our standards, but they were only a little bit extreme accord-
ing to the beliefs of their day. Modern Inquisitors come from
a different cultural paradigm, and have different social
teachings and ethics to contend with.

Storytellers may ask for a Conscience roll based upon
actions performed during an auto-da-fé (difficulty is the
Humanity of the foe). Storyteller games other than Vam-
pire: the Masquerade do not use Humanity as a trait, so the

Storyteller should just assume a rating for purposes of this
roll. The following difficulty modifiers also apply:
Modifier Situation

-l Foe attacks without provocation

-l Foe displays inhuman powers or appearance
(shape-shifting, claws, etc.)

-l Foe is proven to engage in unjustifiably immoral

activities (wanton destruction, etc.; this does
not include a vampire's hunt, which can be
argued as "necessary," but if pain and suffering
have been caused...)

-l An innocent is endangered as a result

+1 Foe is proven to engage in beneficial or kind-
hearted activities (e.g., the witch manages a
homeless shelter)

+1 Foe does not act at all in self defense.

Some players may argue that Conscience rolls are not
necessary when Inquisitors are following their divine mission;
in spite of this, have them make their roll, and let their
characters show their surprise when , after shooting yet another
"witch," the pangs of guiltemerge suddenly. Guiltisneverasked
for, after all, and history shows us that the excuse "I was only
doing my job" is an immoral and irrelevant one.

Storytellers should also require that Inquisitor charac-
ters make Conscience rolls after any truly questionable act:
issues of cruelty, callousness, and improper motivation are
all valid. Did the Inquisitors kill a werewolf with perhaps a
little bit of sadistic pleasure? Was revenge too strong a
motive?

Faith and Torture

Will someone who has Faith, following the tenets of her
religion, ever torture someone? This very much depends
upon the cultural paradigm; torture was a standard feature of
medieval jurisprudence, so Inquisitors ina medieval chronicle
might not have to make Conscience rolls.

However, in the 20th century, we are generally taught
that torture, no matter what the reason, is wrong. Inquisitors
who engage in systematic torture will have to make Con-
science rolls and should expect their Humanity to drop (or
maybe plummet). Simple arm-twisting qualifies as "torture,"
but should not be considered as severe as use of the pillory or
Iron Maiden. The difficulty for torture-based Conscience
rolls should vary:

Difficulty Action

5 Threats; minimal violence: smacking someone

7 More systematic violence: "roughing someone up"

9 — Use of torture devices; psychological torture

The Society of Leopold is, on paper, opposed to torture,
and most of its members agree with this philosophy. How-
ever, a few rare Inquisitors have found it useful to reopen the
laboratories and donjons of their forbears. Such incidents
are usually covered up by the Society bureaucracy as quietly
and quickly as possible. For more information, see pp. 81-83.

Cuapren Tunte: Cunnacren Creation



Our best, our easiest remedy is the name of Jesus. It drives
the Devil flying from our sides and saves us from countless evils.
— The Wonders of the Holy Name

This chapter provides information and advice for Sto-
rytellers using the Society of Leopold in their chronicles.
Players should avoid this chapter entirely; if there is any-
thing in it that they need to know, their Storytellers can tell
them in due time.

The Inquisition Chronicle

Opportunities abound for Storytellers to use the Soci-
ety of Leopold and other allied witch-hunters in their
chronicles. The Kindred are so much more than just the
bloodthirsty monsters of common lore; likewise, Inquisitor
characters should be more than mere stake-wielding Chris-
tian zealots.

Society as Antagonist

The Society can easily be integrated into current
chronicles as an antagonist, either in a one-shot appearance
oras a recurring feature. In such cases, it is unlikely that any
characters know much of the Society other than a few facts,
some rumor and much innuendo.

The Kindred often consider Inquisitors to be at best an
evening's entertainment and at worst a nuisance. Chronicles
which feature the Society ina one-shot appearance need not
change this perception. If the Society makes only a brief

appearance, it is likely that Inquisitors will have called an
auto-da-fé on a character; either the Inquisitors will fail
(amounting to their deaths, more than likely) or they will
succeed (meaning the death of the character). In either
scenario, there is little need or opportunity to truly unveil
the Society. Storytellers may intentionally plan on having
an inexperienced cenacle (or single Inquisitor) ultimately
fail in their auto-da-fé, validating the Kindred characters'
perceptions of the Society; when the Society reappears later
in the chronicle, it can be as a much more effective and
deadly antagonist, particularly if the Kindred have let their
guard down.

The Society can be used with more depth and satisfac-
tion as recurring antagonists. In such cases, it would not do
to have a new cenacle appear every few weeks to fail in their
regularly-scheduled autos-da-fé; this would make the Soci-
ety little more than ineffective buffoons. Instead, clever
Inquisitors might be as adept at playing Machiavellian
gamesas the Kindred might be: watching from afar, and only
stepping in to foil a well-laid plan. Kindred are not alone in
their ability to be manipulative and covert. Successful
Inquisitors might even play this game successfully without
leaving any clues as to their identity or affiliation, ensuring
their relative safety.

Guapren Foun: Sronvrewen Ans 73

Ultimately, any chronicle with the Society as a recur-
ring antagonist is likely to have the Society call an auto-da-fé.
In such a situation, particularly when dealing with ruthless
or effective Inquisitors (perhaps assisted by Gladius Dei and
the Condotierre), the auto-da-fé can be a harrowing and
relentless pursuit, teaching the Kindred that mortals might
be worthy of some fear after all.

Society as Protagonist
Chronicles which center on Inquisitors as protagonists
require the most depth of character. Neither stories nor
characters should remain static, growing or changing little.
Inquisitor chronicles should cover a broad intellectual area;
those which amount to nothing more than endless search-
and-stake expeditions are bound to become shallow.

Chronicle Concepts

One of the first issues a Storyteller and players should
consider is the type of chronicle they will explore. What
kind of Inquisitors do the players want to create and roleplay?
What kind of chronicle does the Storyteller have in mind?
While the Storyteller will have final say, players should not
be exempted from the process of chronicle creation.

In this type of chronicle, the characters are all members
of a standard Cenaculum and are responsible for cleansing
their local region (usually a city and perhaps the outlying
towns) of any supernatural scourges. This type of chronicle
allows characters to develop a "home," provides a familiar
setting from story to story.

Storytellers can work on creating a stable of recurring
characters and important places. Storytellers should, how-
ever, be careful to avoid the supernatural peril-of-the-week
syndrome endemic to episodic television. Regular encoun-
ters with the supernatural are to be expected, but they can
just as easily exist to unnerve characters as they can to
actually threaten them.

Characters assigned to a regular Cenaculum need not
be limited to just one city; Storytellers can easily have a
cenacle called out-of-town because of its unique knowledge
or experience with a certain subject, or for research, or any
other story hook. Don't assume that a chronicle centered on
a city — as any Cenaculum-based chronicle will be — is
necessarily restrictive.

Itinerants

Instead of being assigned to any particular Cenaculum,
the characters could all be Inquisitors-Itinerant, allowed to
roam across the country from province to province, some-
times invited in to help with a case, other times just visiting
a province to lend a helping hand. This type of chronicle
allows the Storyteller and the players to tell very diverse
stories: hunting Garou in northern Canada in one while
investigating an urban haunting in another.

Itinerant chronicles might be more challenging for
some Storytellers; remember that you have to create a

different setting each time, and these should be somewhat
unique or else each city or regions looks the same after a
while. If this happens, of course, Itinerant characters can
always end up assigned to a regular Cenaculum.

One unusual option Storytellers might consider is hav-
ing the players create characters who are all members of
Gladius Dei. Remember that Gladius Dei is sometime seen
as the supreme representation of the Society; accordingly,
Gladius Dei stories will tend to be more intense, and prob-
ably more combat-oriented. Storytellers may wish to give
players extra freebie points at character creation to repre-
sent the extra experience usually necessary before induction
into Gladius Dei.

Censors are typically disliked and distrusted (although
never aloud) by members of the Society. In many ways
Inquisitors fear the Censors the same way that a medieval
peasant might have feared an Inquisitor: they represent an
absolute and often inscrutable authority that seems to bring
suffering and violence in their wake.

However, an interesting chronicle can be one in which
all the characters are representatives of the Office of the
Censor, usually a mixed party of senior and junior Censors
and Condotierri. Characters would operate out of some
base, usually, but would be called in by various Provincials
to investigate the odd case or two. Censors are in many ways
a combination of private investigator/psychologist, and
Censor-based chronicles will be heavy on roleplaying and
mystery-solving.

In this type of chronicle, the players get to be the
constant recipients — and bringers — of fear and suspicion
that characterize the Office of the Censor.

Players who show a regular scorn or disdain for Censors
might find their characters suddenly "drafted" by the Pro-
vincial, asked to investigate an unusual occurrence, and
finding true evidence of malefic taint: an Inquisitor secretly
working for a Kindred, or acting as an agent for one of the
Nephandi, for example. This might teach players some
measure of respect for the duties of the Censor.

Characters in this type of chronicle are radicals in some
measure or another. Perhaps they disagree with the hierar-
chic structure of the Society, or they hold some other rule or
convention in disdain. Likewise, they might be devoted
members of the Inquisition who have started to embrace the
Florentine Heresy, and believe that — heaven forfend —
not all supernatural creatures are intrinsically evil. Either
way, they have turned away from the Society, and cannot
turn to it for support in times of need; even worse, they might
be considered enemies of the Society, and, based upon their
estimated threat to the Society, branded traditor and hunted

Tne Inquisition

TE.

Themes

Any Inquisition chronicle can have anumber of themes
running through it, some more prominent than others.
Some sample themes follow.

Revenge

Revenge is a common motive for mortals to become
witch-hunters, but it is one that is ultimately doomed to
failure. No matter how many Kindred are sent to their Final
Death, no loved ones can ever be brought back. However,
even mortals who join the Society of Leopold for more pure
and noble reasons will find themselves tempted to seek
revenge on occasion — particularly after the loss of a
comrade or friend.

Storytellers are encouraged to create scenarios where
the desire for revenge can become so overwhelming that
everything else — including an Inquisitor's standard mores
— is ignored. How far cana person go to seek revenge? Will
they lose their own soul in the process? Will an Inquisitor
become even more inhuman than the prey she hunts simply
to satisfy her desire for vengeance?

Seduction
The peril of seduction is a common theme in Christian
literature. The issue is not seduction of the body (which on

its own can make for an entertaining story element) but
seduction of the spirit. Many a Provincial and Censor have
lost sight of their calling in favor of the lure of power. Can
characters be similarly tempted, and at what price? What
could an Inquisitor gain by succumbing to this temptation,
and how can it best be accomplished?

Likewise, what if an Inquisitor's deepest fears or desires
are offered release? How many people might hunt vampires
simply out of fear of their power, and what might these
people do if suddenly offered the same power themselves?
Can an Inquisitor be seduced into compromising his prin-
ciples?

Hunters Hunted

The relationship between Inquisitor and the super-
natural (particularly the Kindred) is an endless cycle of
hunter and hunted: the Kindred find themselves the subject
of an auto-da-fé, the Inquisitors earn the enmity of a coteri
and the roles of hunter and prey are constantly reversed <
each party learns to alternately hate and fear the other. This
is bound to be a common theme in many Inquisition
chronicles. The more often the roles can be switched on
Inquisitors, the more stressful their lives will be. Theirs is not
an easy life, and they do not always get to pick the roles they
will play.

Cuapren Foun: Sronyreuen Ains rk


a

Damnation & Redemption

Regardless of one's motives, constant and consistent
participation in autos-da-fé are bound to prey on one's soul.
How many murders, however arguably justifiable, can an
Inquisitor commit before they realize how much of theirown.
humanity has been sacrificed? Is there such a thing as an
"innocent" vampire? Does the Society act out of a theologi-
cally-imposed bigotry? Is a werewolf evil just because it is a
werewolf? Many Inquisitors have pondered these questions.

What if an Inquisitor (or an entire cenacle) ponders
these questions and then determines that there is something
wrong with the Society — that there are supernatural evils
in the world, but they cannot so easily be identified or
labeled as the Society likes to believe. Will these Inquisitors
start to work against the Society? Will they attempt reform
from within? Will they become more choosy in their hunts,
and start looking for truer evidence of evil? Will any of this
assuage the guilt of prior blood on their hands?

Ultimately, you should question who is being redeemed
— the supernatural inhabitants of the World of Darkness,
the individual Inquisitors or the Society itself.

Sources of Conflict

Because the Inquisition has so many interests and so
many enemies, sources of conflict for Inquisition chronicles
are many. Long-running chronicles can easily incorporate a
number of the following conflicts.

Society Versus Vampires

The Society is not fully aware of the Camarilla/Sabbat/
Inconnu distinctions or the many power games within
Kindred communities. Stories dealing with conflicts with
the Kindred could concern manipulation by various clans or
groups (e.g., anarchs manipulating a Cenaculum into call-
ing the auto-da-fé on the prince of a city), or slowly learning
more about Kindred society. Chances are likely that the
Society really would not care about the Camarilla-Sabbat
feud; the vampires can argue about it in hell all they like. If
the Society were to declare full-fledged open warfare against
all vampires, it would probably be akin to suicide, but it
would also have a devastating effect on the vampires. The
Kindred have yet to fully fear or appreciate the Society;
perhaps this situation is due for a change.

Society Versus Mages

The Society of Leopold has some understanding that
there are various "types" of mages (e.g., "witches," hermetics,
etc.), but it does not know anything about the Traditions or
the Technocracy. Possible stories could deal with the Tech-
nocracy setting up the Inquisition to take outa few Tradition
mages, ultimately involving the Society in the paradigm
war. Another story could deal with mages establishing that
a Cenaculum is a rather juicy source of Quintessence and
deserving of a raid. Of course, the Society could easily be
drawn into conflict with the Nephandi and the Marauders,
both of which could be categorized as absolute evil (particu-
larly the Nephandi) by the Society.

—xz rm

Society Versus Werewolves

When it comes down to it, finding werewolves can be
much easier than locating vampires. They usually tend to
hang out together, holding particularly ferocious and
rowdy get-togethers. On the other hand, simply going out
"hunting" is an easy road to disaster. If the Garou could
ever teach the Society — or at least a few intelligent
Inquisitors — about the Wyrm, and if the Society could
ever incorporate an understanding of the Wyrm into
Christian cosmology, then the Society might find a whole
new focus to its mission.

Society Versus Mummies

The Society has not learned about the existence of
these immortal Egyptian sorcerors. It is unlikely that the
Society would ever differentiate between them and other
mages in the long run, but some more scholarly types might
be interested. It is possible, however, for Inquisitors to
become unwillingly (or unwittingly) involved in the Set-
Horus war.

Society versus Wraiths
A potentially interesting conflict could take place be-
tween Inquisitors and the wraiths of dead Inquisitors.
Otherwise, Inquisitors (other than the Sons of Tertullian
and the Sect of Saint James) do not usually seek out ghosts
or other spirits unless they bring attention to themselves.

Society Versus The Arcanum

The Society of Leopold and the Arcanum are not
directly at odds with each other, but they could easily be:
what if a hedge-mage within the Arcanum finds himself the
subject of an auto-da-fé? Or what if an Arcanum lodge anda
Society cenacle end up in competition fora relic or an occult
tome? The Society and the Arcanum could actually be of
assistance to each other, but because they each have their
own biases, loyalties and motives (those of the Arcanum
shrouded in secrecy), it is unlikely that they will ever
officially cooperate. *

Society Versus Other Witch-hunters

The Society of Leopold is not the only group of witch-
hunters in the World of Darkness; but what should happen
ifthe Society and another group should accuse each other of
misdeed? Suppose an independent witch-hunter, deciding
that a Society Theurgist is a witch, takes the step that the
Society itself never took and decides to hunt down the
Theurgist for witchcraft? Or what if the Society decides that
the Ikhwan al-Safa's command of "jinn" is nothing more
than demon-summoning? Or might the Society of Saint
George and the Society of Leopold end up in a struggle over
holy ground or relics in Britain?

Sectversus Sect

Inter-sect rivalry has long been a part of Society history,
and there is no reason to assume that it will not continue.
Sects can prove trouble for each other without necessarily

76 Tue [nguisirion

fighting each other; they can try to take the credit for
successful hunts, discredit other sects, etc.

Damnation versus Salvation

What if character Inquisitors end up involved in the
Florentine Heresy controversy? The issue is an important
one: must all supernaturals be "destroyed"? Can they all
possibly be intrinsically evil? Is Salvation denied to them?
This is a conflict that could have long-standing repercus-
sions in any chronicle. Is rapprochement possible? Can the
Society ever modify its views, or at least make room for this
one?

And what happens to the Inquisitors who embrace
the Florentine Heresy and choose not to slay a particular
Kindred, only to find him terrorizing the city a year later?
Or the Sanbenito who somehow ally themselves with
Garou in the fight against the Wyrm and then watch their
own allies Rage? Coming to the Florentine Heresy should
not be the end of all questions; it should be the beginning
of new ones.

Historic Eras

There is no need to think that Inquisition chronicles
are limited to the current day; if anything, the Inquisition
cries out for chronicles from a number of different periods.
Any of the following periods can be considered, either for
one-shot stories or for extended chronicles.

The Early Christian Era

Before the Society of Leopold, there was the Order of
St. Michael. What was it like in the 5th century, for this
small group of apocalyptic holy warriors? An exciting and
stimulating chronicle could be based upon a group of
Michaelites travelling across the known world, fighting
the forces of the Infernal, even venturing into the far
northern reaches of Europe or other mysterious and hid-
den places that had not yet been Christianized. The
Order of St. Michael persisted into the Middle Ages, so
one could easily play Michaelites in the time of
Charlemagne and his paladins.

The Middle Ages

The Inquisition as we know it started in the 13th
century, and this would be an appropriate time for a
Society chronicle: the fledgling days of the Society of
Leopold. What would it have been like as a medieval
witch-hunter who was the first Inquisitor to discover
proof of vampires or werewolves? Players could easily play
the disciples of Leopold, or the Society's first members. A
medieval chronicle could have a very rich setting if done
properly.

The Renaissance

Technically speaking, the Renaissance was the period
in Europe during the 15th and 16th centuries. The term

"Renaissance" was coined during that period by intellectu-
als attempting to assert the superiority of their age over that
of the dark ages preceding.

While the Middle Ages were the infancy of the Society,
the Renaissance was also its adolescence, as it formed into a
more formal, organized society. This era could also be a
fulfilling setting for an Inquisition chronicle. Church poli-
tics, courtly intrigue, the growth of secular learning, the
rediscovery of pagan magic, the birth of religious humanism
and the dawn of the Masquerade — a perfect setting for any
chronicle, actually.

The New World

When Columbus crossed the Atlantic, a member of the
Society of Leopold was with him. The Society was always
been present during the days of the Explorers, some times
more apparent than others. More than a few Inquisitors
came with the first colonists, and a chronicle set in the New
World' early days would no doubt involve the Garou. Did
Inquisitors fall with the Croatan at Roanoke? Or did they
play a more prominent role in the disappearance of the
Croatan?

The French Revolution
France was nota happy time for the Church in the 18th
century. Most Inquisitors were Itinerants, and could expect
little assistance from either the church or the Society, as
they wandered the countryside trying to avoid mobs on one
side and the agitating Brujah on the other.

World Warll

A number of questions remain about the Second World
War: what was the Catholic Church's true involvement?
Was the Church controlled by an external force, and did the
Society of Leopold learn about it? Was it true that Hitler
sent teams out after relics in an attempt to harness their
power, and how did the Society deal with this?

The Future

Storytellers setting chronicles in the future (near or
otherwise) should contemplate the role and status of the
Society in any future timelige. Has it rejoined the
Church? Is it (and/or the Church) run like a minicorp?
Is the Masquerade still in effect, and how is the Society
faring in its mission? Is the Society in charge of its own
military force? Has the Society been forced to go under-
ground, in a world where vampires openly rule? Just
think about what the logical future of the Society would
be, given the cultural context of the future you are
envisioning.

Any chronicle set in a different historical era will
ultimately require some consideration of mechanics, of
course, including new or revised Merits & Flaws (if used),
Attributes, weapon statistics, etc.

Cuapren Four: Stonyrewten Ais

Stereotypes

The following stereotypes are for Storytellers who need
characters and don't have the time to create a full-fledged
character. These are "stereotypes" only, and not well-
rounded, or even fully developed characters — Storytellers
should feel free to modify the existing stereotypes as they see

fit.

Censor
Quote: Please understand, my brother, that these questions
pain me as much as they pain you.
Character Information: Censors are members of the

infernal corruption, treachery, etc. They almost never en-
gage in witch-hunts anymore and are solely concerned with
internal matters.

Nature: Manipulator

Demeanor: Director

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Diplomacy 2, Homiletics 3, Intimida-
tion 3, Interrogation 4

Skills: Debate 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Research 2,
Torture 2

Knowledges: Church History 2, Inquisition Lore 4,
Investigation 4, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Occult 2,
Psychology 4, Supernatural Lores (2 or 3) 2
Numina: none

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Retainers 3, Status 4
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 7
Willpower: 9

Society of Leopold who monitor the Society for signs of

Condotierre
Quote: Don't move or I'll shoot! (Sound of gunfire)
Character Information: The Condotierri are the

Inquisition's bodyguards and security staff. They are typi-

cally assigned to posts at older (and more influential)

Cenacula, or to accompany well-known Inquisitors.

Nature: Loner

Demeanor: Jobsworth

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletic 2, Brawl 4, Dodge 4,

Leadership 1

Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, First Aid 3, Melee 4,

Police Procedure 2, Security 3

Knowledges: Electronics 2, Inquisition Lore 1, Linguistics 1,

Military Science 2, Occult 1

Numina: none

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Resources 2, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Humanity: 7

Willpower: 6

Exorcist

Quote: The demon is rooted deep in this one, feasting off his
innocence. It reminds me of the time in Ethiopia...

Character Information: Exorcists are Inquisitors who
specialize in driving out spirits or ghosts that inhabit a
person or place. Exorcists are not always superstitious indi-
viduals who misconstrue every unusual action as evidence of
supernatural behavior.
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Traditionalist

Tue Inguisinion


Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Empathy 2, Interrogation 2, Intimidation 1,
Search 3

Skills: Etiquette 1, First Aid 2, Psychoanalysis 3, Research 3
Knowledges: Church History 1, Inquisition Lore 1, Linguis-
tics 2, Medicine 1, Rites 4, Scripture 2, Theology 1
Numina: Faith 3 or Via Geniorum 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Resources 1, Retainers 2, Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 9

Willpower: 9

Sanbenite

Quote: Please, I mean no harm.

Character Information: The Sanbenito are ex-Inquisi-
tors who have become adherents of the "Florentine Heresy,"
deciding that the Society errs in its zeal, and that the mission
of the Society should be mercy, not hatred. Unfortunately,
they usually end up despised by both the Society and the
creatures they seek to serve.
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Radical
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Empathy 3,
Homiletics 2, Intrigue 2, Streetwise 1
Skills: Firearms 2, Melee 1, Research 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Church History 1, Inquisition Lore 2,
Investigation 1, Linguistics 2, Medicine 2, Scripture 1,
Supernatural Lores (any three at 3)
Numina: Faith 1, Via Medicamenti 2, Via Oraculi 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 2, Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Humanity: 10

Willpower: 9

Gladius Dei Knight

Quote: An easy kill, thanks be to God.

Character Information: Gladius Dei is an elite member-
ship within the Society, representing the most talented,
experienced, and promising Inquisitors. Members of Gladius
Dei are hand-selected by the Inquisitor-General, and are often
called on for specific, usually quite dangerous, missions.
Nature: Competitor
Demeanor: Cavalier
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4


Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Leadership 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 1, Firearms 4, Melee 3
Knowledges: Inquisitor Lore 2, Investigation 1, Medicine 1,
Supernatural Lores (three at 2), Rites 1

Numina: Faith 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Resources 2, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 8

Willpower: 8

Inquisitor Councillor

Quote: I don't think we've examined this situation thor-
oughly enough. Let's go over that last part one more time.

Character Information: Councillors are more experi-
enced Inquisitors. Their zeal has diminished somewhat, to
be replaced by the wisdom of experience.
Nature: Pedagogue
Demeanor: Visionary
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Interrogation 2
Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, First Aid 2, Melee 2,
Research 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Inquisition Lore 3, Investigation 2, Rites 2,
Scripture 1, Supernatural Lores (any three at 3)
Numina: Faith 2

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Cenaculum 1, Contacts 1,
Resources 3, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 9
Willpower: 9

Mab Rowdy

Quote: Die, hellspawn!

Character Information: Inquisitors frequently gather
together people whom they have come to trust for a little
extra muscle-power in big hunts.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Martyr

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1

Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Stealth 1
Knowledges: Occult 1, Scripture 1

Numina: none

Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 1, Mentor 1, Resources 1
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Humanity: 7

Willpower: 7

Provincial
Character Information: Provincials are the Society of
Leopold's regional administrators. Busy with administration
and bureaucracy, they no longer engage actively in witch-
hunts.

Quote: I understand your dilemma, but I'm afraid the
Society is unable to provide assistance in this matter.

Nature: Perfectionist

Demeanor: Judge

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 2,
Interrogation 4

Tue Inquisition

Skills: Drive 1, Etiquette 3, Firearms 2, First Aid 2, Melee 2,
Research 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Inquisition Lore 4, Investigation 3, Linguis-
tics 3, Occult 4, Politics 3, Rites 2, Scripture 1,
Supernatural Lores (any three) 3

Numina: Faith 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Cenaculum 3, Contacts 1,
Resources 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 4
Humanity: 8

Willpower: 7

Torture

I did confess; but I confessed a lie. I confessed, that I might
obtain absolution; but now that falsehood lies heavier at my heart
than all my other sins. The God of heaven forgive me! Ever since
I was condemned, my confessor has besieged me; he threatened
and menaced, until I almost began to think that I was the monster
that he said I was. He threatened excommunication and hell fire
inmy lastmoment, if continued obdurate. Dear lady, I hadnone
to support me; all looked on me as a wretch doomed to ignominy
and perdition. What could I do? In an evil hour I subscribed to a
lie; and now only am I truly miserable.

— Mary Shelley, Frankenstein

No discussion of the Inquisition would be complete
without at least a cursory mention of torture. The early
Church disapproved of torture as a way to deal with heresy
(or anything else), but that did little to stem the application
of torture asa part and parcel of Inquisitorial procedure. The
current Society, of course, abjures torture. There are those
Inquisitors, though, who feel it still has a valid and practical
place.

A number of instruments of torture have become fa-
mous since that time, and may still be found in use. Do not

assume that the Society is exclusive in its use of torture,
though; the instruments of terror and pain are universal in
application.

The Fass is a cradle with spikes on the inside. Prisoners
were locked, chained or otherwise restrained within the
Fass, and the cradle rocked. A prickly ride, needless to say.

Kranz

The Kranz wasa metal band which was slowly tightened
around the prisoner's head.

Strappado

The Strappado is a machine which hoisted prisoners in
the air by a rope, the prisoner's arms bound behind him.
Creative torturers might slowly add weights to the prisoner's
feet. Another alternative was to repeatedly strike the sus-
pending rope; the jarring of this rope often dislocated the
prisoner's shoulder joints. Variants of the term "strappado"
include the hoist and the Aufziehen.

jack

The Rack is one of the most famous instruments of
torture, which stretched a prisoner's limbs (typically out of
their sockets).

Scavenger's Daughter

This device produced the opposite effect of the Rack,
slowly compressing a prisoner's body, causing ruptures, bro-
ken bones and hemorrhages.

The Thumbscrew
The thumbscrew was a metal-studded vice which com-
pressed a prisoner's thumbs. Thumbscrews are portable and
useful in confining prisoners in the field.

Peine forte etdure

Astandard component of the Anglo-Saxon legal code,
the peine forte et dure forced a prisoner to lie on her back on
the floor with a board placed atop her. Weights would be
slowly piled on the plank until either the prisoner made a
plea or died. Giles Cory was killed in this method in Salem
village, 1692, refusing to plead guilty to a witchcraft charge.

The Boot

The Boot, in its most basic form, was nothing more than
a series of boards bound around a prisoner's foot; by adding
wedges between the boards and the foot, the prisoner's
bones would be crushed. Other variants covered the knee as
well.

The Jaw
The Jaw was a metal device shaped like a pear when
closed; it could be enlarged, forced into a prisoner's mouth
and then extended, painfully forcing the prisoner's jaws
open.

Cuapten Foun: Stonyteiten Ais


@

Me ON

Water Torture

This term applies to two forms of torture. In the first, the
torturer tied the prisoner toa ladder, feet above the head; he
tightly bound the wrists and ankles so that the rope cut into
the flesh if the prisoner moved. He would firmly hold the
prisoner's head, and open the mouth with a piece of iron.
The nostrils would be plugged (typically with wood), and a
long piece of linen placed over the prisoner's mouth. The
torturer would then slowly pour jars of water down the
victim's throat, which forced the linen down as well. The
prisoner would automatically swallow, taking the linen

down his gullet; the struggles caused the cords to cut into the
body. When the prisoner was half-dead from asphyxia, the
linen would be hauled bac!
An ornate and effective method, this can be easily repro-
duced with a minimum of equipment

and the treatment "suspended."

A later variant of the water method was to simply pour
jars of water down a prisoner's throat.

Spanish Chair
The Spanish Chair was an iron chair. The prisoner sat
in the chair, arms and neck held in place with an iron band,
his bare feet placed in stocks very near a brazier. The feet

were then coated with fat and slowly roasted to perfection.
The fat had to be continually applied so that the flesh would
not burn too quickly.

The Madonna

This device (with a host of names) was a statue resem-
bling the Blessed Mother. The front of the statue was
covered with nails and spikes; when the appropriate levers
were pulled, the statue's arms would embrace the prisoner,
crushing and impaling her simultaneously.

Miscellaneous methods

Beating, flogging and cutting of toes and fingers (gradu-
ally, of course) are among a host of other methods used. The
variants are endless.

Torture and the Supernatural

For all their vaunted (and legitimate) prowess, the
creatures of the supernatural are just sceptible as mortals
to the methods and devices of the torturer. True, some
creatures are more resistant to pain, or even capable of
instantaneously healing from wounds, but there are always
ways to get around such things.

The Society learned early in its existence that vampires
were able to heal themselves from some wounds almost the
moment they were inflicted, but that this ultimately weak-
ened the vampire. The weaker the vampire, the more likely
it was to go berserk at the sight of blood, and, should it ingest
enough vitz, it could return to its superior strength. Inquisi-
tors skilled in "interrogating" vampires learned how to
alternate their tortures with the rewards of a dead cat or rat
— just barely enough to sustain the vampire in its nonexist-

Tue Inquisition

Ln on oe

ence, but not enough blood to return the vampire to its prior
dangerous state.

Werewolves could be equally problematic. However,
Inquisitors learned to fit their dungeons with special silver-
alloy shackles: a werewolf in human guise would be shackled
at the wrists and elbows, and should it attempt to transform
into its much larger devilish counterpart, the silver cuffs
would cut into the wrists and ankles. Amputation was often
the result. Inquisitors also learned that when dealing with a
suspected shapeshifter, a silver-alloy Jaw could come in
quite useful. Ultimately, Inquisitors have experimented
with silver-alloy variants of many instruments of torture (as
have other opponents of the Garou).

System

Storytellers may require a minimum Torture ability of
1 in order to use the more sophisticated devices listed —
anything above your basic flogging and amputation. Other-
wise, she may allow for an Intelligence roll to see if a
potential torturer can figure out how to use the device.

Prisoners bound to a torture device are automatically
assumed to receive damage; there isno element of chance or "if"
acharacter will be wounded. The only random element is how
much damage a prisoner will ultimately receive. Each method
or device has a different damage rating; to determine damage,
roll dice equal to the damage rating (Difficulty 6).

Individuals with the Torture Ability, however, can
moderate the results so that no more than one level of
damage is inflicted per application of the device — it
wouldn't do to kill the prisoner their first time out on the
rack, after all. Torture instruments can, of course, be used
repeatedly, to the point of killing a prisoner. Many instru-
ments have amaximum damage pool, though: this represents
the highest number of health levels of damage that can be
caused by a torture device, exclusive of soaking.

More insidious than the physical damage (which is
horrible enough) is the emotional and psychic damage done
to someone being tortured. Many innocent victims have
admitted guilt to anumber of imagined crimes, simply to end
their torture. Prisoners being tortured are, after all, typically
being interrogated. Often times the prisoner simply will not
have an answer to the question (e.g., "where is the Prince's
haven?" or "How long have you fed from innocent Christian
babies?"). If a prisoner has knowledge or facts which she is
actively trying to conceal, she must make a Willpower roll
(Difficulty is 6 + the Interrogator's Manipulation) each time
she takes damage, to avoid revealing this information.
Alternately, she may spend a Willpower point to avoid
divulging the material.

For each turn of torture, the interrogator rolls Manipu-
lation + Torture (difficulty of the opponent's Willpower).
Use "turn" in the more loose sense and not the strict three-
second increment of time. A "turn" spent ona torture device
can last from 30 seconds to several minutes. Each success
lowers the prisoner's Willpower pool — one level per suc-
cess. When a prisoner has no Willpower left, he will usually

give up, answering any questions. He may even construct
answers simply to appease the torturer: confessing false guilt,
naming accomplices in imagined crimes, describing feigned
sins in detail.

The trick is to make a prisoner lose her Willpower
before the torture kills her. Skilled torturers are capable of
doing this. Practice makes perfect, after all.

Torture Instruments
Instrument Damage Maximum
Fass 2 none
Kranz 1 4
Strappado 1 6
The Rack 3 T+
Scavenger's Daughter 3 T+
The Thumbscrew 1 4
Peine forte et dure 1 T+
The Boot 1 5
The Jaw 1 3
Water Torture 4 5
Spanish Chair 2 6
The Madonna 5) 7+

Damage: The number of dice rolled (at Difficulty
6) to determine damage caused by this device, per turn.

Maximum: The maximum number of health levels
of damage that can be caused by an instrument; some
instruments merely maim and scar. Those indicated
with a "+" following the number indicate that they can
be used to slowly kill a prisoner. Theoretically, of
course, the victim can lose the will to live, and the
Storyteller can chose to ignore this entire column on
occasion.

Holy Ground

The saint's tomb, a long-abandoned dolmen, a sacred
burial ground: these sites and others across the world have
come to collect the divine essence. These locations are
essentially "batteries" of Faith, which can augmenta mortal's
own Faith in efforts to resist the supernatural. These sites
may come from any religious tradition and may be located
anywhere. Regardless of the original reasons why these spots
are sacred, they are now held holy in the minds and eyes of
the believers.

These locations have their own Faith rating, assigned
by the Storyteller. The spot or location must be recognized
by the believers, or its numinous quality lies dormant: a
small parish church with a devout congregation may have a
potentially lower rating than a hill where Saint Francis saw
adivine revelation, but if no one recognizes the hill, then its
numinous potential is untapped.


Like some mortals, Holy Ground has a Faith rating from
1 to 10. A number of factors are involved in determining a
site's Faith rating:

© Antiquity: how long as the site been holy or sacred?
Holy Ground may gather and accumulate numina over
centuries of Faith. Newer sites will tend to have lower
ratings; the numina of Faith may gather over centuries,
stored in the accumulated experiences of the locus. Some
locations with a modicum of piety and minor demonstra-
tions of Faith will have increased scores merely by virtue of
their age.

© Masses: Generally speaking, the more the faithful,
the higher the Faith rating. This has some limitations
though; a large crowd of semi-Faithful individuals will not
necessarily garner that high a rating. Major pilgrimage sites
should generally merit a rating of at least 4.

® Piety: Is the faith put into action? Do the faithful
"walk the talk"? Is the frequency of devotion sporadic, or
continual? A monastery will normally have a higher Faith
rating than a roadside shrine, but a small parish church with
an active soup kitchen and charity work may be equally
powerful.

¢ Epiphany: Has the site been the focus of divine
manifestation? Did the faithful ever receive visions of the
Virgin? Did the statues of saints weep blood? It is, of course,
up to the Storyteller to determine if such activity has a
genuine or part of some mass psychoses, but genuine reli-
gious activity should create a surge of numina. Remember,
though, that such Faith must be fed and supported by the
Faithful, or it lies dormant.

© Numina loci: Some spots simply have high Faith
ratings, for reasons that may be inexplicable. While these
spots will never have activities antithetical the divine, they
may be simply rich in numina with no historic explanation.
Such spots, it would seem, have long been sought as loca-
tions for the establishment of churches and other sacred
spots.

As far as Faith ratings are concerned, the higher the
number, the rarer the case: most churches or other sacred
ground will have a rating no higher than one or two.
Anything higher than seven should be a definite rarity, and
should truly merit so high a rating.

Examples of Holy Sites

© Fort Smith Ist Methodist Church (Montana): A
small congregation without much history, its congregation
nonetheless is strong in faith. The Church operates a soup
kitchen and a low-cost daycare center, as well as housing an
AA program and sponsoring a number of other social wel-
fare events, in keeping with its mission of ministering to all
God's people. This church maintains a Faith 1, which could
easily rise higher if the social programs and piety persist.

* Mount Athos (Greece): Mount Athos, the "Holy
Mountain," has been the center of Eastern Orthodox mo-

nasticism since the 10th century. It is located ona peninsula
jutting into the Aegean and reaches almost 7,000 feet.
Athos is entirely given up to monastic settlements, contain-
ing 20 monasteries, a mix of smaller houses, and hermits'
cells. It rates high in antiquity, piety and numbers of the
faithful; in addition, a number of influential Orthodox texts
have been written here. The rating for any spot on the
mountain, from a hermits cell to one of the many chapels,
could range from 5 to 8.

© National Cathedral (Washington, D.C.): Begun in
the early 20th century in the manner of a traditional Gothic
cathedral, Washington National Cathedral is maintained
by the Episcopal Church as a "Church for all the Faithful":
its various chapels are used by a number of denominations in
addition to the Episcopal services. It is fairly strong in
devotional activity, but it is often used for concert and
seminars which may actually take away from the daily piety
of the place — strong tourism or concert attendance ratings
do not build a Faith rating. National Cathedral would rate
a3. It looks impressive (it is quite beautiful), but good looks
will only inspire faith, not improve a Faith rating.

* Monasterio di San Michele (Rome, Italy): The head-
quarters of the Society of Leopold, this spot has long been
rich in numina. Because of San Michele's long history as
holy ground, and because of the levels of faith practiced
within its walls, its rating is between 4 and 8, depending
upon the actual location. For more information on the
history of San Michele's see Chapter Two.

Storytellers may wish to assign Faith ratings to histori-
cally significant sacred sites, taking the above factors into
consideration. Be flexible; this is more of an "estimation"
than a scientific analysis. Some of the following examples
are given higher ratings simply because of their age and
history, but nothing is set in stone.

Location Rating
Mont-Saint-Michel (France) 8
Cathedral of Notre Dame (Paris, France) 7

Society of Friends' Meeting House (Washington, D.C.) 2
Cathedral of Saint John the Divine (New York) 3
Monastery of San Michele (Rome) 48
Blue Mosque of Sultam Ahmet I (Istanbul, Turkey) 6
Basilica of the Assumption (Baltimore, Maryland) 2

Only the most holy sites in the world should receive a
10 rating; these are the spots that are agreed upon to be the
heart of a living religious tradition by all the faithful.
Generally, this score should be severely geographically lim-
ited to particular buildings or even specific places within
them; a limited periphery around the locus may receive a9
rating, as the numina literally spills outward from the focus
of the faith.

Tue Inquisition


Sample "Most Sacred" Sites: Tradition
¢ the Wailing Wall, Jerusalem (Israel) Judaism
St. Peter's Basilica, the Vatican (Italy) RomanCatholicism

The Kaaba, Mecca (Saudi Arabia) Islam
© Mount Calvary (outside Jerusalem) Christianity
© The Dome of the Rock, Jerusalem Islam

Other sites may have once had Faith ratings of 10,
e.g., Hagia Sophia in Istanbul, Angkor Wat, the Oracle
at Delphi, but as their use declined, so did their rating.
Such spots, should their importance (beyond their obvi-
ous historical significance) be revived, could easily rate
a 10 again.

Fallow Ground

Regrettable though it may be, it does happen: Holy
Ground goes unused, sacred sites are abandoned. As reli-
gious traditions change with the whim of history, new faiths
replacing old beliefs, holy ground may lie fallow.

In such cases, assume two Faith ratings: a latent rating
and an active rating. Both will originally be the same
number. The latent rating represents whatever heights were
achieved during times of Faith, while the active rating
represents how much is currently available during times of
neglect. Whenever such ground is taken advantage of, the
mortal essentially bleeds away a point of Faith from the
active rating. Ultimately, the spot's active rating may drop
to zero. In time, it may replenish itself back to a rating of 1
(assuming a numina-rich spot), but otherwise, its potential
has been exhausted.

Should the Holy Ground become active again — a
church built, members of the faith finding and reviving the
sacred site, etc. — then assume that the spot will slowly
climb back up to its original rating.

Desecration

It is certainly possible for holy ground to be "soiled"
through acts of blasphemy, hatred and violence performed
upon the site. These acts may range from scrawling obsceni-
ties on church walls to profaning statues of saints to rape and
murder in the sanctuary itself. Such holy sites are considered
desecrated. Although the ground is still holy, it has been
injured by these acts.

Holy Ground which has been desecrated may find
its Faith rating temporarily lessened. The Storyteller
should roll the site's Faith rating with the following
difficulties:

Minor blasphemy (graffiti): 6

Major blasphemy: €
Rape or murder: 8
Demonic summoning: z

If the roll is a success, then no Faith is lost. If the roll
is a failure, then the Holy Ground's Faith is lessened by
1; on a botch, the Faith is lessened by 2. Cumulative
events (e.g., murder one day, rape another) have cumu-

lative effects. If the events occur on one day, the Story-
teller may increase the Faith loss to two, or even three,
but this must be truly heinous: an orgy of bloodshed and
ritual sacrifice.

The roll can be repeated on subsequent days to see if
the Faith is restored: any number of successes will in-
crease the rating by one. If regular acts of devotion are
performed here, then the difficulty to restore the Faith is
lessened by two.

Holy Ground and the Supernaturals

A Mortal with Faith, on Holy Ground, may add his
Faith rating to the site's. This new total may be used to drive
off vampires, reduce a werewolf's frenzy, or activate any
other use of Faith. Some specific uses may vary from creature
to creature.

Vampires

Ifa vampire is attempting to enter Holy Ground but
is successfully resisted by an Inquisitor, she will not be
able to walk the sacred ground, and will try to move to
the periphery as quickly as possible, regardless of the
number of successes. If the vampire persists, she must
make a successful Courage roll or go into a frenzy and flee
in total fear. The number of the Inquisitor's initial
successes adds to the Courage roll's difficulty. If the
vampire botches a roll, she will most likely get an
appropriate derangement.

If a member of the Faithful invites a vampire in, then
that Cainite may walk the Holy Ground freely and with
impunity. Likewise, if the vampire has Faith in the same
religion, she can enter the sacred site without worry. How-
ever, the location's Faith rating can still be used against the
vampire if added to a mortal's rating and the mortal is
attempting to drive her out.

Werewolves

Werewolves have one complication when confronting
an Inquisitor on Holy Ground: when attempting to Rage,
their difficulty is increased by the Holy Ground's Faith
rating.

Mages
Mages do not have any difficulties on Holy Ground,
other than the fact that their Inquisitor opponent's new
countermagick dice pool is equal to the new combined
Faith rating — which can, in fact, prove quite difficult
for a mage.

Wraiths
When Warding an area against a wraith, the site
itself is the focus, so no extra focus is necessary. The
Faith rating of the site is added to the Inquisitor's Faith
and Willpower ratings for determining the number of
successes.


Warded sacred sites are incredibly difficult to ne-
gate; since the entire spot (which may include a building)
is the focus, the entire focus would have to be somehow
destroyed or otherwise rendered inoperative.

Wraiths who are skinriding mortals have to make a
Willpower roll, or simply expend a point of Willpower, to
enter Holy Ground (difficulty of the area's Faith rating).

mons

Demons and other infernal entities find holy ground a
most inhospitable place indeed. Any such creature wishing
to enter Holy Ground must make a Willpower roll (Diffi-
culty 6 + holy spot's Faith rating; maximum: 9). Assuming
it is even able to enter such ground, it will be at a distinct
disadvantage: subtract the site's Faith rating from any dice
used by the demon for any actions.

Holy Gro

The Society is well aware of the safety that holy
sites provide against creatures of the supernatural,
and has long taken advantage of this benefit. In the
days before the Society's separation from the Church,
it was easy for Inquisitors to be assigned to parish
churches (or grander structures) in order to have the
protection of Holy Ground. Such Cenacula are an-
cestral, having been passed down through generations
of Inquisitors.

Now that the connections between the Holy See
and the Holy Office are much more tenuous, how-
ever, different measures have to be taken. Some
Inquisitors have connections high up in the Roman
hierarchy and are able to finagle similar circum-
stances. Other Cenacles have had to play the
real-estate game, purchasing church buildings from
failing parishes.

Such establishments range from the small evan-
gelical communities that spring up centered on a
charismatic leader, ultimately disappearing into obscu-
rity, to the venerable old brick Gothic churches found
in inner city neighborhoods, attached to insignificant
monastic communities or recently closed parochial
schools. Such churches are often refurbished and left
open for community worship; if an Inquisitor is an
ordained priest, he might even run weekly masses, or
arrange for a priest to be brought in. Otherwise, the
church grounds then become the new haven for the
Society of Leopold.

Another potent weapon in the hands of the Society is
its centuries-old collection of relics. These items have been
touched by Numina, and bear its imprint; the Society has
learned how to harness the power of relics to aid them in
their Crusade.

Relics represent the tangible power of heaven; while
they are transitory things, pieces of wood, bone or metal,
things that may fade with time, they are also Eternal, for they
literally house the power of Heaven. Relics were a vital
component of spiritual life in the Middle Ages:
Charlemagne's throne in Aachen was constructed with
cavities filled with relics; the Holy Lance which pierced
Christ's side was the most important possession of 10th
century rulers; kings wore relics in their crowns and about
theirnecks. Relics were also items of bargaining power in the
Middle Ages — he who possessed the most relics had the
most power. Even the common man sought relics, and would
undertake great pilgrimages for a sliver of bone believed to
have been that of a minor saint's. Relics are items infused
with the Divine power.

There are typically two components to any relic: the
relic itself and the reliquary. The relic is usually a piece of a
saint's body, e.g., a bone (or splinter), mummified organ,
tongue, lock of hair, etc. Some relics are not body pieces, but
personal property or other items that have some significance
to the saint or the Church, e.g., a splinter of wood from the
True Cross.

The reliquary is the housing for the relic, which may
be as simple as a box, or as ornate as a gilt iron cage.
Reliquaries are often forged or welded shut around the
relic itself, permanently locking it within the reliquary.
This has the benefit of protecting the relic from acciden-
tally coming loose from the reliquary, but it also traps it
in there; a number of relics are unusable, because they are
locked in items that are either not portable, or are too
fragile, and the risk of shattering both relic and reliquary
is too strong.

The Society of Leopold has long known of the value and
effectiveness of relics in the war against the supernatural.
Early Inquisitors and followers of Leopold usually went out
of their way to procure relics whenever possible. By the 15th
century, the great medieval relic devotion had faded, and it
was easy for Rome to request certain relics from various
dioceses; in 1486, when the Pontiff granted monies and
properties to the Society, a number of relics entered the
Society's hands as well.

Tue Inquisition

The GreatReliquary

The Society's relics are all locked within the Great
Reliquary, a secure vault in the heart of San Michele's. The
Reliquarian, or custodian of relics, is responsible for main-
taining this security; he answers directly to the
Inquisitor-General and no one else. Requests to gain access
to the Great Reliquary must first be directed throughout the
Inquisitor-General's office, and few requests are ever granted.
The Great Reliquary does not simply "check out" relics to
interested parties. Some relics in the Great Reliquary as
close to 1500 years old (some allegedly almost 2000 years
old, dating back to the first Apostles), and so retain historic
and artifact value in addition to their numinal importance.
Unfortunately, many relics were found to be bogus, merely
the bones of someone long dead and wrongly identified as a
saint.

There are believed to be just under 50 relics in the
Grand Reliquary, approximately 25% of which, for one
reason or another, are unusable. Another 25% are not
portable, e.g., altars or statues. The Reliquarian is known
to be actively seeking other relics in order to increase the
Society's holdings. Some attempts to transplant relics
into new reliquaries have been successful, while others
have been failures that resulted in the destruction of the
entire relic; such operations are now treated very cau-
tiously. Attempts to construct new reliquaries (usually in
the form of weapons) for relics, as was done successfully

in the Middle Ages, have been met with failure for some
reason.

Relics as Weapons

Relics contain a permanent Faith rating which can
be used to supplement an Inquisitor's own Faith; the
Faith score of a relic is typically 1 to 3, depending upon
the saint and how strongly the relic was venerated. One
might think that false relics (those that prove to be
shams) would still have some measure of numina about
them, due to the veneration accorded to them. This is
simply not the case; the item must have begin with some
genuine numina. A relic's Faith rating is added to an
Inquisitor's own rating for the purposes of fighting the
supernatural. In addition, some rare relics, usually those
with a military history, are capable of inflicting aggra-
vated damage against the supernatural.
ss other abilities, for
reasons unknown. Those relics which have manifested spe-
cial abilities are usually catalogued as such; otherwise, it is
anyone's guess whether a relic will evidence some unusual
effect in the war against the supernatural. Relics are not
"generic," and each one appears to have its own unique
characteristics.

Some relics are known to po

Supernatural creatures may attempt to physically
destroy relics; however, some creatures, like vampires, are

loathe to touch relics for fear of the pain and damage that

Cuapten Four: Stonyrewten Atos

x

pestltsEK indice big * relics duke ayrcnvateditamane
from the relic itself (roll the relic's Faith rating with a
difficulty of 6; successes determine levels Gfdamagey: bat
five successes on a Strength roll (difficulty 8) can shatter
the object.

Sample Relics

The following relics are graded according to their rela-
tive power — one through five, to correspond with the Relic
Background. These can either be used as created or for
guidelines in creating other relics.

Ring of Chrysostom (- Relic)
This ring, a silver band with a rough cross engraved in
it, was believed to have been worn by St. John Chrysostom.
Wearing this ring provides a bonus of Faith 1.

Franciscan Aspergill (~~ Relic)

This aspergill contains a splinter of bone from Saint
Francis. When sprinkling holy water across a room, some-
one with Faith can create an aura of tranquility. Garou have
their difficulty to frenzy increased by 2. Bearing this aspergill
provides a Faith 1 bonus. This item is too small to be
effectively used as a weapon.

The Martyr's Fire (-~- Relic)

This lantern was forged with the ashes of martyr's
bones. Those with Faith who are in the radius of light
provided by this small lantern (approximately 25 feet) will
remember the sufferings of the martyrs, and will receive
strength from their suffering: they will not suffer dice penal-
ties from wound levels. While they can still be damaged as
normal, their wounds will not impair their actions in any
way.

Byzantine Thurible (~~ Relic)

This ornate silver thurible appeared just after the fall of
Constantinople, brought to Rome by an Inquisitor who
saved it from destruction by the Turks. When used by
someone with Faith to cense a room, the smoke from this
Thurible will temporarily lower the Shroud, revealing the
presence of wraiths. Until the smoke clears (usually about
half an hour, depending upon the size of the room and the
ventilation), the room hasa Faith rating of 1 (or plus 1 ifused
on Holy Ground.) This can be used as a weapon against
supernaturals (with a rating of Faith 1), but it is fragile and
likely to damage. On a botch, the whole thing will collapse
and shatter.

The Eunuch's Scapular(--~ Relic)

This scapular is alleged to have been worn during the
life of a devout Cypriot saint who castrated himself to avoid
the temptations of flesh. Demons and spirits tempted him in

te (

88 Tue Inquisition

his cell daily, promising to restore his condition and provide
the utmost physical satisfaction if he would only renounce
Christ for one hour. His prayers were strong enough to drive
off the advances of these incubi. Wearing (or carrying) this
scapular will render one immune to the vampiric Discipline
of Presence and similar powers. Extended contact with the
scapular also renders the bearer impotent for varying lengths
of time — not necessarily a bad thing for those under vows
of chastity.

The Crusader's Sword (---~ Relic)

A number of relics exist which fit this description, all
created during the early days of the Society. Relics are
generally imbedded in the hilt of the sword. The reversed
hilt and quillons of the sword count as a holy symbol,
channeling and suffusing the blade with holy power, adding
one die of damage per Faith roll success when used against
the supernatural. Wounds caused by these weapons, when
wielded by one of the Faithful, are aggravated. While bear-
ing these blades, the Faithful also receive the virtue Iron
Will (no benefit if the wielder already has it). Such swords
also provide a Faith bonus of 1.

Crusader's swords are medieval broadswords per
The Vampire Players Guide: three-foot long blades
with nine-inch hilts; they require a Strength 2 to carry,
3 or better to wield. The weapon causes Strength + 5
damage; this is aggravated damage in the right hands.
The weapon radiates an aura of Faith that is immediately
discernible to Kindred who possess Auspex (appearing
as a nimbus of golden flame). At close range, Kindred
sweat blood.

Four such swords exist in the Great Reliquary. Others
are known — or rumored — to exist, but their existence has
not yet been verified.

The Keys of Leopold (----" Relic)

When Leopold of Murnau was killed, one of his allies
attempted to bind his grevious wounds. It was to no avail,
but when the bandage was removed before he was sealed in
his casket, three splinters of bone were found in the weave.
These splinters were forged into a set of three heavy iron
jailer's keys. The keys can be used by someone with Faith to
bind a supernatural creature so that it is temporarily immo-
bile. The character must make a successful Wits + Faith roll
(the difficulty is the target's Willpower); each success is one
turn that the creature will be immobile. This set of keys also
provides a Faith +2 to the bearer. Experiments have proven
that the keys cannot be broken up so that more than one
Inquisitor can use them; they must be kept together. Each
use of the Keys to bind someone costs the user one point of
Willpower.

> l


Daggerof Thorns (~~*- Relic)

This dagger appeared in a Syrian church in the 6th
century, brought by a cenobite monk who claimed to
have forged it with a thorn from the Crown of Thorns
worn by Christ at the Crucifixion. The monk claims to
have used this dagger to defeat the demons that regularly
disturbed his daily prayer. This dagger provides a bonus of
Faith 3. It also does aggravated damage (at Strength + 1)
when used against supernaturals — the "Faith" of the
wielder is irrelevant. In addition, vampires stabbed with
this weapon will start bleeding from their eyes, mouth
and other orifices; each successful attack with this weapon
causes a loss of one Blood Point in addition to standard
damage.

The Dolorous Nail (unrated)

This relic was stolen from a chapel in Jerusalem in the
14th century and has been fervently sought after by Inquisi-
tors ever since. The Dolorous Nail is purported to be one of
the nails that pierced the hands and feet of Christ at the
Crucifixion. What this relic is capable of is anybody's guess,
but a plethora of divine powers have been attached to it in
legend and Inquisitor lore. Some speculate that the Dolor-
ous Nail, driven into the breast of any supernatural creature,
will instantly slay it.

: Stonvretten Alps 89



"

The day of a Saint is the Light shining from the Face of God.
— Peter Sterry, Platonist and Puritan

Many observers of the Society of Leopold (and the
Inquisition in general) dismiss Inquisitors as rabid torch-
wielding Christian fundamentalists, with little diversity
among them. As we have learned, many are the reasons for
joining the Society, and varied are the philosophies of those
within the Society. While some Inquisitors will be the
stereotypical Roman-collared, black-coated, dour-faced
witch-hunter, the interesting ones show much more person-
ality and character.

The following templates are for both players' and Sto-
rytellers' use. Players who are looking for quick characters
can use them as created or modify them to taste. The
templates can also be used by players looking for character
ideas, and don't know how to start.

Storytellers can also use the templates in lieu of having
to create a full-fledged character for the players to face; they

provide more detail and depth than the character stereo-
types given in Chapter Six. These Inquisitors can be used as
antagonist or protagonist with only a little personal modifi-
cation; elements in a character's past can be changed to fit
the chronicle you have been running.

Players and Storytellers: feel free to alter the templates
as you see fit: change the Nature and Demeanor, or any of
the Attributes, to something more akin to your concept;
mess around with the point distribution, etc. If your game
uses Merits and Flaws, these can be added to the templates
as well. Any changes that players make should be approved
by Storytellers first. Some of the Natures and Demeanors are
from The Vampire Players Guide.

UISITOR PERSONALITIES 91


\

2 a a

Christian Ka bhalist were elevated to Tertiary and sent back to your mentor, who

began tutoring you in the theory and practice of Theurgy:
the invocation of angels, the Christian incorporation of
the Kabbala and more. You are quite "public" in
occult communities with your beliefs in the
validity of Christian magic, but you are careful
to let your relationship with your mentor
remain covert.

Concept: While you share the
Society's beliefs, its goals are not neces-
sarily yours. Your real reason for
joining was to learn the sacred arts
of Theurgy, as taught by
Albertus Magnus and stud-
ied by the Christian
Kabbalists of the Renais-
sance. Only by learning
magic asa sacred art can you
avoid the damnation of sor-
cery and diabolism.

Roleplaying Tips:
You are a scholarly type,
ever willing to explore
new mysteries: You par-
ticipate in the occasional
auto-da-fé, but only if you
believe that it will lead
you to new knowledge.

Equipment: Bre-
viary, holy symbol, bible,
occult paraphernalia,
Greek, Latin and Hebrew
dictionaries, computer (for word
processing).

Quote: Criticize not that which you know nothing of. It
makes you look more and more the fool.

Prelude: You had long been fascinated in magic
and believed in it ever since you were a child.
Through college, you found books on witchcraft,
ritual magic, demonology and other allied sci-
ences, but to you these reeked of the devil.

You were contacted by your parish
priest, who had gotten word of your
interests in the occult. You expected
the standard spiel about the occult —
warnings, hellfire, possession, etc. —
but when you met with the pastor, you
found him very open to your beliefs
and interests. He eventually revealed
that he had been a practicing occult-
ist while maintaining the integrity
of his Catholic faith and was will-
ing to tutor you provided you
underwent some theological and
spiritual training.

You were sent to San
Michele'sand begana lengthy
Novitiate. Your interest in
magic was highly suspect, but
because of your mentor's cre-
dentials, you were not discredited.
Besides, you otherwise adhered to
the beliefs of the Society, and your
faith was strong.

After learning of the existence
of vampires, werewolves and the
varied creatures of the night, you

92 Tue Inquisition

Name:

Nature: Fedagogue

Player: Demeanor: Foltroon
Chronicle: Cenaculum:
ory 92 Attributes
Physical Social
Strength. @@000 = Charisma.
Dexterity. @@000 Manipulation.
Stamina. @@000 Appearance, @@e000
| eu a ED
Talents Skills
re Animal Ken. 00000
5 e000 _sCODrive.
uae 00000 Etiquette
Brawl. 00000 ‘Firearms.
Dodge. 00000 Melee.
Empathy. e@@000 = Music.
Intimidation, 00000 _ Repair.
Leadership 00000 _ Security
Streetwise 00000 _ Stealth
Subterfuge 00000 Survival___ a
eee = Advantages jeune ainniinlistinellotme
Other Traits Background
Via Genorium _e@o0000 Allies e@0000
Via Oraculi __@0000 Mentor @e000
_____ 00000 Resources @0000
00000 = Status @0000
00000 _ C0000
eanas Humanity ~——
Gauge cece 2.0000
‘00000 Willpower ==
ooo00 8 @@@@00000
Numina OOOOOOO0000
00000 ————— Faith ——— em
oo000 20900000000
ooooon COOOOOOO0O
00000 Combat ~=~2..
00000 : :
Damage Weapon Difficulty
Virtues
Conscience.

Self-Control.

Courage.

Age:
Sex:

Concept: Ch eZ Kabbalist

Mental
Perception. @ee00
Intelligence. @e000

Wits.

™ I Sissjamaenineieaieteindl evil

Knowledge
Bureaucracy. 00000
Computer. @0000
Finance. 00000
Investigation. @0000
Law, @0000
Linguistics, ecccee
Medicine. 00000
Occult. @ee00
Politics. 00000
Science, 00000

@e0e00

Merits & Flaws
wanes Heal th cern Loci
Bruised o
Hurt 410
Inmed 2 0
Wounded 3 O
Maued 40
Gipped 5 0
Incapacitated 0


yy SS a

-

Condotierre Bodyguard You took one down with a shot from your

Glock only to watch your employer strike out
with claws and fangs, picking one opponent
up and hurling him across the room.
In spite of your duty to your employer,
you felt a somewhat higher calling (that is,
to the human race), and gunned down
the apparent vampire. The intruders
finished the job with their stakes
and a can of gas.

You were invited to join the 7
Society of Leopold the following
week. Your talents and skills
seemed obvious, and you were as-
signed to the Condotierri, where
you could be best utilized.

Concept: Your training in
security and law enforcement have
proven tobe valuable backgrounds.
as a Condotierre; although new to
the Society, you are already re-
spected asa voice of wisdom, ifnot
authority. Youare admired for your
keen insight, caution, and loyalty;
you are determined not to let any

of your charges suffer due to negli-
gence.
Roleplaying Tips: Quiet and
thoughtful. You do not like rushing
into anything, and you like to review
all possible plans before taking ac
tion. You are careful not to believe
what seems obvious; if anything, you
are almost distrusting of the apparent.

Equipment: Two Glock 22s, clips

with a variety of ammo from armor-
piercing to silver, binoculars, combat
knife, cellular phone, microphone
hookup, collapsible tactical baton.

Quote: Let me check it out first; I'll let you know if
it's clear.

Prelude: Your mundane career began in the
Secret Service, where you learned the basic ele-
ments of security training. While there were many
assassination attempts on the various politicians
and high-ranking officials you were guarding,
not one succeeded. More than once you
took the bullet yourself in your five
years with the Secret Service, andnever
with any regret.

After leaving the Secret Service,
you went for hire as an independent
contractor. This was a lucrative move
but hardly satisfying. You didn't feel
the same "call to duty" guarding
snotty-nosed celebrities as you did
while guarding public officials.

You had been hired by a
musician who performed — and
met with you — only at night:
unusual, perhaps, but one of the
many peccadilloes allowed to the
rich. You were on station at a club
where he was performing when you
suspected a small group of indi-
viduals to actually be casing out the
club. Youeyed them warily, but noth-
ing happened. You alerted your
employer of this after the show, who
summarily dismissed it and sent you
home.

You were not convinced, though,
and you stayed secretly in the club,
where your employer was having late "e
night (or very, very early morning) 4
meetings. There you saw the same sus-
picious group of individuals break into
the club, and attack your employer with
— of all the ludicrous weapons — wooden
stakes.


as

tion

Name: Nature: Jobsworth Age:

Player: Demeanor: Critic Sex:

Chronicle: Cenaculum: Concept: Condotigrre Bodyguard

ru re gS Attributes fantail
Physical Social Mental

Strength_"___@@000 Charisma______—-®®000__—swPerception.

Dexterity. 00 Manipulation. @000 Intelligence.

Stamina. @@ Appearance. @e000 Wits.
awe
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting 00000 = = Animal Ken 00000 _ Bureaucracy. @0000
Alertness. @e000 Drive. @e@000 Computer_____—-00000
Athletics___——s——@0000 = Etiquette_____—-— 2707000 Finance____ ss — 90000
Brawl, ece3ceo = Firearms. @@e@ee0 investigation, @0000
Dodge. @0000 Melee__..§..eee00 Law__... 00000
Empathy___ 00000 Music______— 90000 __siLinguistics___00000
Intimidation______ 00000 Kepair__________-00000 = Medicme___— ®@0000
Leadership 90000 Security_____—— eeo000 = Occult___—-9»o0000
Streetwise. 00000. Stealth___ ~~ e0000 _~=Cs- Pollitics______——_—eoo000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival_____-_ ~_-00000 = Science__——- 970000

yee 62 Advantages
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws

00000 _ = Allies" @0000
©0000 Contacts (Society) ¢@000
00000 Resources @0000
00000 Status @0000
00000 00000
eocoy Humanity —~2—
00000 @@e0e0eeeee00 —— Health
00000 Z
neeae e0e yay ee0 iy 2
00000 Hurt 1

A OOOoOooOo0000 . 20

Numina Injured
sore 3000000000 mame 40
00000 Mauled 4 O
00000 Combat ~~Z.— Incapacitated O
Damage Weapon Difficulty
Virtues Experience —
Conscience.

Self-Control,

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)

ie ; i

One of the survivors contacted you a week
later; after several extensive talks, she offered

Quote: Let's go kick some ass. ; ; you membership in the Society of Leopold.

Prelude: You were always the eager one: first This was obviously the direction your life was
among your friends to join the Scouts, earned the missing, and you eagerly joined. Your Novi-
most merit badges, star of the track team at school. tiate was short and successful; you excelled in
You knew that no matter what your chosen career, you your studies and you were frequently
were destined for greatness — your family and complimented by other Inquisitors for your en-
friends, of course, always assured you of ergy and enthusiasm. You knew then that you
this in your very rare moments of were destined for Gladius Dei, and you
doubt. In college, unfortunately, began to make sure that your career
you floundered. While you did \ was noticeable by those in power.
well in your studies, you weren't | Concept: Your enthusiasm is
quite sure what you wanted to enviable, and your goals formi-
do after school. You considered dable. Youwantnothing more than
anumber of options, from officer to be among the best, fighting the
training in the military to the good fight alongside the Gladius
Peace Corps to graduate school Dei. You take the biggest risks,
in business management. You / make the boldest boasts, and are
lacked a real direction. j generally convinced of your su-

You learned about the So- periority. You actually are
ciety the hard way. After Gladius Dei material, assuming
graduation, you were camp- your career doesn't h and
ing with some college friends burn first.
in the Adirondacks, and Roleplaying Tips: You are
awoke to find your campsite bold and brash. While you are
the middle of a Society— smart, you do not always stop to
werewolf brawl. Your friends think about your actions past their
fled in utter terror, but you 4 glamour-potential. You always try to
watched in mixed fear and fascina- make the most advantage off your
tion as one of the creatures took ; good looks and charm. While not an
down a young man, apparently a utter sycophant, you have a little bit
priest, and turned on another hu- of the "yes-man" attitude about you
man. Instinctively, you retrieved . — anything as long as it gets you
the fallen priest's weapon, a .44 t noticed by the powers that be.
magnum automatic, and joined the Equipment: sunglasses, M1911
fray. When it was over, three hu- .45 auto, Colt Python, two Mini-
mans and three werewolves were Uzis, laptop computer, katana,
dead. ~, kevlar vest.


—e Sion

Name: Nature: Competitor Age:
Player: Demeanor: Cavalier Sex: y
Chronicle: Cenaculum: Concept: Giadiug Dei Wannabe Wy
ure gS Attributes PEARCE sta
Physical Social Mental
Strength____. Charisma. @@0@00 Perception
Dexterity. Manipulation @000 intelligence
Stamina. Appearance. @e@000 Wits
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting, 00000 Animal Ken. 00000 Bureaucracy. @0000
Alertness___———— @@000_~CO rive. @0000 Computer. @0000
Athletics Etiquette. Finance. 00000
Brawl Firearms. Investigation, 00000
Dodge. Melee. Law. 00000
. Empathy. Music Linguistics. 00000
Intimidation, Repair. Medicine 00000
Leadership @0000 _ Security. Occult. @0000
Streetwise, 00000 _ Stealth Politics. @0000
Subterfuge 00000 Survival Science. 00000
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
00000 Allies @0000
00000 ie a
00000 kesources __—— @@ 000
00000 Status @0000
00000 00000
COC. Humanity ———
00000 =e 0000080000 4 Health —
00000 «
rrt rr rrr ae ns
00000 Hurt 41
A OOO000o00000 ‘ 20
Numina - Injured
00000 Faith —— Wounded 3 O
cooo0 VDODODODODONND Maued 40
00000 Combat ~~4.~ Incapacitated O
00000 - -
Damage Weapon Difficulty
Virtues —~——— Experience =~
Conscience.
Self-Control,

Courage,


y

silently weeping, a look of terror on his phantasmal face,
seemingly entreating you for help. This must
surely have been the act of the Devil,
meant to torment you. Your resolve was
fixed, though, and your duty clear. By your faith
alone you managed to drive out the shade.
You soon began hearing about other such cases
— apparently, once such an event happens to
- you, you learn about similar encounters —
and you became somewhat of an expert on
the occult and how to deal with it. This
expertise led to your involvement with
the Society of Leopold. You abhorred
the Society's Catholic trappings, but you
decided to work with them fora while to
learn what you could.
Concept: Godallowed the Devil
to torment you with the vision of
your dead brother only to set you on
your current path. You shall clear the
darkness of the world with the light of
the Christian faith, burning bright in
the night. You are not an Inquisitor,
e the Catholic Church is so obvi-
in error that you cannot bear to
join any society that reeks of papist
trappings and idolatry. You do associ-
ate with them, however, to gain what
you can out of your relationship.
Roleplaying Tips: Quote the Bible,
frequently. Let nothing sway your opin-
ion about the infallibility of the Bible as
the Word of God.
Equipment: Bible, dark overcoat,
dark suit, dark broad-brimmed hat.

\ Quote: Your Society is nothing more than one
of the children of the Whore of Babylon. While
you serve a good cause, ultimately you are

as flawed as the rest of your Church.

Prelude: The Bible was the first
book you read, Mother and Father
actually reading it to you and your brother
as a child. Whenever you hear the
King James Version read aloud,
you always reminisce, however
briefly, of those pleasant and
happy days with your family.

As you grew older, though,
you saw your paradise start to
crumble. First Father left your
family for another woman — a
harlot, no doubt, for no one else
could have seduced him away from
Mother. Then your brother began
toget in trouble with the authorities
for drug use. But your faith stayed
strong, persevering in spite of all
the troubles that faced your life.
You studied the Bible constantly,
your knowledge surpassing that of the
reverends and ministers who preached
to you.

Your true test of faith came
on your 20th birthday, just after
your brother died of a drug over-
dose. Late at night, as you pondered
why God was testing you so, yousaw
the ghastly shade of your brother
crawl through your bedroom floor,

Tue Inguisinion

Name: Nature: Critic Age:
Player: Demeanor: Autocrat Sex:
Chronicle: Cenaculum: Concept: Purita
er re gE Attributes ae
Physical Social Mental
Strength____@@000 Charisma @@e00 Perception, @e000
Dexterity. @@000 = Manipulation @@000 intelligence. ece0eo
Stamina. @@000 Appearance @@000 Wits @e0e00
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting, 00000 Animal Ken_____00000 Bureaucracy. @0000
Alertness. @@e000 Drive. 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics 00000 _ Etiquette @@000 ‘Finance. 00000
Brawl. 00000 Firearms, @0000 Investigation @ee00
Dodge. 00000 _ —‘ Melee. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. ee000 = = Music @@000 Linguistics @e000
00000 _ Repair. 00000 ‘Medicine. @e@000
Leadership 00000 _ Security. 00000 Occult. @0000
Streetwise________ 00000 Stealth. @e@000 Politics. @e000
Subterfuge. 00000 _ Survival 00000 _ Science, 00000
ure 6-2 Advantages a ae
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
00000 _ Allies @0000
00000 = Contacts (Outside) e@@00
00000 = Resources @e000
00000 00000
00000 00000
Coes Humanity ~-2—
00000 @eeceeeeee0 —/, Health ———~
00000 Z
Sone ee riche pap ooo =
00000 Hurt 4d
; nooooooooo 20
Numina 7 Injured
00000 ———— Faith ——-~ Wounded 3 0
ocoo00 ®@00000000 Mauled 40
ooooon COOOOOOOOO Gipplea 5 0
00000 Combat ~—2—.- Incapacitated O
00000 -
Damage Weapon Difficulty
Virtues Experience ~~

Conscience.
Self-Control,

~ Sion


Quisling Your Cenaculum is lo-
cated in the city of your

Quote: Please explain this to me one more ~) master's haven. Although
time... you worry that your Inquisi-
Prelude: You became a ghoul will- al Seti mightdicogs
ingly — eagerly, in fact— out of your love your beloved master's €x-

istence, you also feel
confident that you can protect
him. (If only he'd seem more
concerned about your safety as
well.)

for your Kindred master, a love stronger
than any you've felt for humans. Your
vampiric lord's safety and well-being are
paramount, and you were willing to do
anything for him. When he approached
you about infiltrating the Society of
Leopold, you agreed in spite of the inher-
ent dangers.

Through a clever series of machinations
(which involved setting up one of your master's
Kindred opponents), you joined the Society.
They never suspected your duplicity, and in
due time you became a Tertiary. Your con-
tact with your master has been minimal and
quite secret. You do not speak to him for any
great length of time (and only through writ-
ten correspondence or
telephone calls away from the
Cenaculum), only to give
brief updates on your
progress and check up on
him. (Why, youwonder, does
he seem so distant now, as if
he only cares about your informa-
tion and not you?) You are careful not
to jeopardize his secrecy, so you plan on
gathering whatever information youcan
and then leaving.

Concept: If the Society ever
finds out that you're a ghoul,
you're in big trouble. Good
luck — if you're caught, you
know exactly what will
happen to you.
Roleplaying Tips:
You have learned it is bet-
ter to say little and speak
slowly; it makes you look
thoughtful and deliberate,
butitalso guarantees that you
will not inadvertently let your
cover slip. You are very obser-
vant and try to be involved in
as much of your Cenaculum's
activities as possible, in order to
learn all the details of Society
operation.

Equipment: Smith &
Wesson M640, wooden dagger,
Zippo lighter, personal computer
(data files on the Society have
multiple locks and other pro-
tections)

Tue Inquisition


ae

Name: Nature: Autist Age:

Player: Demeanor: Conformist Sex:

Chronicle: Cenaculum: Concept: Quislin

Sure gE Attributes ie i
Physical Social Mental

Strength_"_____@@000 Charisma. @@000 Perception

Dexterity. @@00 Manipulation @@000 intelligence.

Stamina. @@00 Appearance. @@000 Wits.
enero fone ND ilit ie sssemmeeemeaenerse Coron
Talents Skills Knowledge
a ee000 = Animal Ken____00000 Bureaucracy___ _— ®®000

5 000 ~COr'ive. @0000 = Computer. @e@000
edi @e000 = Etiquette. 00000 Finance. 00000
Brawl. e@ece0o0 ‘Firearms. @eecee0 Investigation. 00000
Dodge e@e@e00 Melee . @e@000 tLaw____—— SC 00000
Empathy. 00000 = Music. 00000 _Linguistics___ 00000
Intimidation_____ 00000 _ Kepair________ 00000 _ = Medicine__00000
Leadership 00000 _ Security. @e000 = Occult. 00000
Streetwise 00000 __ Stealth____...__00000  Politics______ 00000
Subterfuge___ ~00000 = Survival________ 00000 _— Science___— 90000
yee A -2 Advantages
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
Fotence -_-_—e0000 -=—s Allies @@000
—_________00000 _ Contacts (Outside) e#000
00000 Mentor (Kindred) @0000
00000 Resources @e000
00000 Status @0000
00000 Humanity ~~
conn, 2 800888000 4 Health ———
00000 Willpower =m Bruised o
coo00 8 @@C0000090 Hurt bea
- OOOoOoOo0o0o00o 20
Numina - Injured
00000 a Faith nem Wounded 3 O
oooo0 FO900000000 Mauled 4 0
00000 Combat -~~Zimc Incapacitated O
a0000 Damage ‘Weapon Difficulty
Virtues Experience ~~
Conscience,
Self-Control

Courage.


Quote: Get outta my face.

ing the odd job (and holding up the odd
convenience store when necessary),
but pretty much drifting aimlessly.
One night, you and your friends
hassled some pretty boy at a bar —
something you've done on occa-
sion — but didn't expect him to
confront you in an alley late one
night. He killed one of your buddies,
pretty much ripping his throat open,
but the rest of your friends beat him with
chains and bricks.

It should've stopped him, but,
well...this is when you first learned about
vampires. The bloodsucker killed another of
your buddies, and you turned and ran to the
nearest place you could think of for safety:
the church down the street. You heard
your last friend squeal as something sharp
and unpleasant lethally pierced him, but
by that time you had hit the steps of the
old church. You expected it to be closed,
but as you got there, the doors opened,
and the old priest gestured you in, with a
knowing expression. He promised to pro-
tect you, and you didn't leave the church
grounds for three weeks.

This was your introduction to the
Society of Leopold. You began to re-
spect this guy, who was pretty cool for

Prelude: You dropped out of school not because it
was difficult, but because you thought all your teachers
were assholes. You couldn't stand being told what to do
bysomeone youcouldn't respect, so you got outta there.

You floated around with your friends, hold-

apriest. He actually talked you into joining the Society, and
you began your Novitiate under him. Unfortu-
= nately, once you became an Inquisitor, you
SS' found that the group had a bunch of stuffed
=. | shirts all hung up on hierarchy and tradition.
> While they were doing a good job, they badly
needed to change, and you decided you were
going to let them know. Unfortunately, this usu-
ally amounted to insubordination more than
once. Were it not for your mentor, you
probably would be kicked out by now.
Concept: The Society needs to
lighten up — yeah, it's got a good
mission, and one you believe in (more
or less), but the whole structure and
authority is a pile of shit. You've been
reprimanded for ignoring the "ad-
vice" of superiors, for insolence, and
at times even reckless endanger-
ment. You secretly admire the
Sanbenito — they spoke up, but
got their asses kicked for it. If a
Censor ever comes after you, you'll
be in big trouble — but he'll be in
the hospital.
Roleplaying Tips: Question
authority. (Why?) You're loyal,
but not stupid, and certainly not
blindly obedient. If something
doesn't work, get rid of it, and
that includes tradition. Do
what gets the job done!
Equipment: leather
jacket, sunglasses, wooden
stakes, Glock 22,
Remington 870, iron

BS chain, switchblade.
\
< ‘

Tue Txguisirion


Name: Nature: Rebel Age:
Player: Demeanor: Gallant Sex:
Chronicle: Cenaculum: Concept: Young Jurk
ener 9 g2 Attributes
Physical Social Mental
Strength_— __@@e00 Charisma @@000 Perception. @e000
Dexterity_______e@@@00 Manipulation @@000 intelligence @e000
Stamina. @@@@0 Appearance @@000 Wits. @0e0e00
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting = @o0000 = Animal Ken___00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Alertness e@00 _—sCODrive. @0000 = Computer. @0000
Athletics. 00 Etiquette. Finance, 00000
Brawl. oo ‘Firearms. Investigation. 00000
Dodge @@000 ‘Melee Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000 = ‘Music Linguistics. 00000
Intimidation, @0000_— Repair. Medicine_____00000
Leadership 00000 _ Security. Occult______s—s— @#o0o0o0
Streetwise. @0000 | Stealth Politics. @0000
Subterfuge. 00000 = Survival____ Science. 00000
ener 6-2 Advantages a a
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
00000 = Allies @0000
00000 _ = Mentor
00000 = Resources @0000
00000 _ = Status
00000
ovo? Humanity ~~
00000 g@ee0aeee@000 ——— Health.
00000 é Z g
pees ee seuce ooo —— Oo
00000 Thurt Al
Oooooooooo injured 9-2 «0
Numina
00000 ————— Faith ane Wounded 3 O
ocooo0 VDAODODOOD0O0N0N Mauled 4 O
00000 Combat »~=~<. Incapacitated 0
00000
Damage | Weapon Difficulty 4
Virtues Experience ~~
Conscience.

Self-Control____

Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


ee
NAY SAAN AARNE TEE OUTER TEE

Who's Who
InThe Society OfLeopold

Players, take heed: these figures are intended primarily
for Storyteller's eyes. If you wish to read about any of the
following figures, you can read the first two (Leopold of
Murnau and Bernard Gui) with impunity. Otherwise, read-
ing any of the material on the remaining figures might dilute
the entertainment of learning about these personalities as
your characters learn more about them throughout play.

Storytellers, some of the following characters are merely
illustrative for the history and the current makeup of the
Society of Leopold. Other individuals may, through their
actions, have planted the seeds that bear fruit in your
chronicle; simply because these are the only figures repre-
sented does not mean that they are the only ones of any
importance.

Leopold of Murnau, 0.2
Leopold of Murnau is, quite simply, the most well-
known and important figure in the history of the Society
that bears his name. Although his actions and beliefs are
barely reflected or noted in standard historical chronicles,
his importance can hardly be overstated.

Leopold was born in 1176 and began study for the
priesthood at an early age. His way was one of faith and piety,
and he was well known for his su ul preachings and
exhortations to the holy life. In the year 1200 he flirted
briefly with the idea of joining the Order of St. Michael,
finding it to be a source of much spiritual strength. For
whatever reasons — much of this period is not discussed in
any of his journals — he chose against the Order. In 1215,
his fame brought him to the attention of St. Dominic, and
he was among the first chosen as part of the fledgling
Dominican order. In 1224, he was sent to deal with the
problem of the Cathars.

Leopold's early experiences as an Inquisitor are well
detailed in his diaries, which make up part of the Testament
of Leopold. Included in these experiences is his first encoun-
ter with the world of the dark supernatural. In 1231, Leopold
approached Pope Gregory IX, and was entrusted with the
responsibility of seeking out the supernatural evils that
infested society and creation.

Soon after the founding of his Society, Leopold began
receiving apocalpytic visions that warned him of the Parousia,
the Second Coming of the Lord. He came to believe that his
followers were members of a new Crusade, but one more
important than any other. The Society of Leopold was the
vanguard of the armies of Christ, and its role was to protect
God's children from the children of the Enemy.

Leopold died in 1255, killed in broad daylight by a
peasant later determined to have been a human servant of a
vampire, one that Leopold had been particularly interested
in destroying. The vampire, and his human servant were
soon located and destroyed in a conflagration that also took

Tue Inquisition

the lives of five Inquisitors. Only Leopold's personal guard
and two assistants witnessed the attack, and his body was
immediately placed in a sealed iron casket in the fear that
the supernaturals would somehow hope to desecrate his
body.

Leopold's casket was buried in a private tomb in Rome.
When the Society was given San Michele's, Leopold's iron
casket was moved to a cellar-tomb that had been redesigned
just for this purpose. His tomb is rarely empty, as weary
Inquisitors pray there daily for the strength to carry on in his
name.

Some throughout the Society's history have hinted that
Leopold's body would be a prime source for relics; although
the Society has little qualms about plundering other corpses
for tools, this struck many in the Sociey as nothing more
than cannibalism. But the point was always moot: Leopold's
remains are sealed within the casket.

Some Society visionairies have even proclaimed that
the casket will open on the Parousia, and Leopold will lead
his armies again. Others have hinted that his casket is empty
even now.

Bernard Gui, 0.P

Bernard Gui, or Bernardus Guidonus (1261-1331) was
one of the most important leading figures of the Inquisition.
His manual, Practica Inquisitionis Heretice Pravitatis (1325),
set the standards for basic Inquisitorial philosophy and
procedure. His tenure as Inquisitor, centered at Toulouse for
some 15 years, was prodigious; in his years he heard over 900
cases,

Gui's career was hardly limited to the Inquisition; he

as a student of philosophy and theology, and held posts as
sublector, lector, and prior across France. He was later
bishop of Tiy in Spain in 1323. Gui's involvement in a
particularly difficult case in 1327, which compounded her-
esy, murder and witchcraft in an unnamed Italian abbey has
been thoroughly documented elsewhere; however, rumors
that he died at this abbey, killed by an enraged crowd, are
entirely fabricated. He died in 1331 and was buried in the
Dominican church at Limoges.

Bernard Gui was not actually a member of Leopold's
Society, although he was friends with many Inquisitors who
were. Gui's main concerns were heresy rather than witch-
craft, but Inquisitors still consulted him on a number of
occasions.

Balthazar Richter, S.J.

Balthazar Richter was an 18th century missionary sent
by the Society of Jesus to China, his mission to work
simultaneously on an analysis of Chinese philosophy and
the conversion of the heathen to the One True Faith. His
studies of Chinese demonology led him to far more danger-
ous, and exciting, encounters than he had expected, and he
was soon contacted by the Society of Leopold.

Over the course of a decade, Richter became one of the
Society of Leopold's most effective Inquisitors. He isreported to

Cuapten Five: Inouision

ERSONALITIES

105


have single-handedly put over eight vampires to the stake,
exorcised five demons, and been responsible for the deaths
of more than a dozen Goetists. His fame as an Inquisitor
spread rapidly — among such circles — and Inquisitors
across the globe contacted him for advice; twice he was
summoned to Rome to counsel the Inquisitor-General on a
number of matters. In 1794, on the eve of the anniversary of
one decade's apostolate in China, Richter disappeared. He
was quickly presumed dead, his colleagues believing that he
was captured. and slain by those same forces he was so
successful in combating.

Richter was seen again by one of his proteges, five years
later, in seemingly perfect health. He was glimpsed ona busy
street in Hong Kong, and fled his protege's approach. He has
been identified repeatedly throughout the Far East since
then, usually once a decade or so. It is now believed that he
has been turned into one of the undead. His motives are
unclear; some theorize that he has continued his work,
taking advantage of his new state to infiltrate and destroy
the vampiric community from within; others believe that if
Richter truly is one of the undead, he has turned over many
of the Society's secrets to its enemies.

If it is officially determined that he has become a
vampire, then no doubt an auto-da-fé will be called on him,
with Gladius Dei leading the hunt. Until then, however, his
case remains unsolved, his fate an enigma.

Ingrid Bauer: The Iron Maiden

A dour and humorless woman, the new Austrian Pro-
vincial is one of the most feared personalities within the
Society. It is whispered — but never within earshot, of
course — that her Inquisitors fear her more than they do all
the Devil's hosts combined. She is cold, ruthless and fairly
unlikeable; fellow Provincials report that she is stubborn
and refuses to listen to any view that conflicts with hers. She
trusts no one, and frankly doesn't care if no one likes her.

On the other hand, Bauer is an extremely effective
Inquisitor. Over the course of her career, she staked 15
individuals, 14 of whom proved to be vampires. Her chief
priority right now is the investigation of the disappearance
of the last Austrian Provincial. She has asked San Michele's
for a Censor to interrogate the remaining members of the
Viennese Cenaculum. She argues that this act is necessary
for determining the security of the Society in Austria, but
her critics suspect she has done it merely for the sake of being
a bully.

Bauer joined the Society in her early 20s, and her zeal
has not diminished at all in the past 25 years. Her methods
have turned a tad toward the extreme, though. She is
confident that no one will learn that she has reopened the
torture chamber of one of her Renaissance predecessors, and
has staffed it with a small crew of individuals loyal to (and
fearful of) her every word. She has a particular disliking for
mages, and is interested in learning what secrets they will

reveal under her "caresses."

Tae Inguisition

Monsignor Amelio Carpaccio

In addition to being a kindly old priest, Monsignor
Amelio is the current Inquisitor-General of the Society of
Leopold. The blood of the Inquisitor runs strong in his
family; his father and grandfather were both ordained priests
(not of any particular order) and members of the Society as
well, each one having sired a son in order to continue the
legacy of witch-hunter.

Amelio was placed ina church orphanage. He proved to
be a devout soul from his youth. His father monitored
Amelio's education and childhood, frequently visiting the
unknowing child as the orphanage's Father-Confessor. When
Amelio was of age to go to seminary, his father recom-
mended him to the finest one in Rome.

His father was found dead one morning, his throat slit
in a back-alley of Rome. His belongings, including his
diaries, were delivered according to the provisions of his will
to Amelio, in his first year of seminary. The truth of Amelio's
parentage was devastating to the young seminarian, and he
rejected the beliefs of his father as insane, superstitious
drivel.

One night, years later, he visited the grave of his father.
His evening melancholy was interrupted by a visit from a
hungry Nosferatu emerging from his mausoleum haven.
Amelio drove the Kindred away from him, relying on his
faith alone, without recourse to holy symbol or any crude
physical weapon. The next morning, he returned to his
father's diaries, and contacted individuals named in them;
he joined the Society of Leopold one week later.

As Amelio's career in the church rose, so did his career
as Inquisitor. He quickly became the Abbé of the Milan
Cenaculum, and ultimately became the Italian Provincial.
His zeal, tempered by his faith and calm demeanor, and
coupled with the simplicity of his wisdom and keenness of
his intellect, made hima popular and well respected Inquisi-
tor. When the time came to choose the next
Inquisitor-General, Amelio was the easy choice.

Amelio, at the age of 57, has been Inquisitor-General
for 15 years. His career is marked by his attempt to slowly
bring the Holy Office into the modern day (no easy task
considering the Society's medieval baggage), without over-
reliance on technology. Although a kind and merciful man,
he is a strong opponent of the Florentine Heresy, and has
vowed to combat it however possible. He fears that the
Sanbenito are a cancer gnawing away at the Societ of
Leopold, which must remain strong in its mission; mercy has
its place, but not for the soldiers of the Enemy.

Monsignor Amelio's health is remarkable, but he is
already grooming the next generation of Provincials to
replace him, ever-ready to face the Parousia.

Marcel Dupuy
Marcel Dupuy, a Councillor in the New Orleans
Cenaculum, treads a dangerous path. If even one of his many
secrets were revealed to the Society, he would be swiftly

retired. The Society of Leopold has little place for an HIV+
homosexual, a closet Theurgist, and an incipient Sanbenito.

Dupuy's career as Inquisitor is only three years old.
While in college at Tulane, he began his search for occult
wisdom and secret teachings. His path led him to the hedge
magicians and voudoun practitioners that proliferated in
New Orleans. Concurrent with his magical and occult
investigation, he began his exploration of his long-repressed
sexual orientation, and he started to frequent the gay bars
and nightclubs of the Big Easy. His pretty face and endearing
personality made him very popular in a very quick time.

Unfortunately, he was not terribly cautious in either of
his quests. His careless sexual antics led to his infection with
HIV, something which he could have easily avoided. At the
same time, his occult quests caught the attention of Peter
Fisher, an Itinerant Inquisitor and a member of the Order of
Saint Peter who had determined that his personal goal was
to wipe out the thaumaturgists of the city of New Orleans.
Dupuy's innocence and relative ignorance made no differ-
ence to Fisher, and he cornered Dupuy in an alley one night
when he was returning from the market.

Dupuy was saved from Fisher's gunfire by an unnamed
mage of the Celestial Chorus who had tired of her Acolytes
being murdered in cold blood. Dealing with Fisher in a
manner that could only be considered merciful (erasing
Fisher's memory and returning him to a tabula rasa, where he
had a second chance for a less-hateful life), this mage
delivered Dupuy to one of her surviving Acolytes, Peter
Garraty, a Franciscan theurgist and member of the New
Orleans Cenaculum.

Dupuy was soon inducted into the Society, but pre-
ferred to let his practice of Theurgy remain a secret, along
with his sexual orientation. Because of both Dupuy's person-
ality, his mentor, and his own formal introduction to the
supernatural (terror is a powerful lesson), Dupuy was a
merciful Inquisitor. He rarely participated in autos-da-fé,
preferring instead the life of research; when he did partici-
pate, it was only in occasions where he felt the guilty party
was guilty of more than just witchcraft. When Dupuy learned
that he was HIV+, he kept this knowledge a secret from all
but his very closest, and most trusted friends and colleagues,
including his mentor, Brother Peter.

Dupuy's inclinations have not gone unnoticed. The
Office of the Censor has turned its penetrating glance in
New Orleans' direction more than once, but because Dupuy
has never shied away from his duties, he has yet to be truly
investigated. This is fortunate, though, because Dupuy long
ago decided that the Society was misguided in its mission.
He has been contacted by Society renegades and adherents
of the Florentine Heresy, and is on the verge of defection.
Should this or news of his covert Theurgy ever become
public, he will most likely disappear before the Office of the
Censor can ever reach him.

Cuapten Five: Inquisitor 107


Appendix: >

CenaculumCreation

The importance of a Cenaculum to an Inquisitor can-
not be overestimated. Inquisitors may choose to operate as
Itinerants, lacking any formal home or Cenaculum. Most,
however, ultimately choose to reside at a Cenaculum, at the
very least in order to take advantage of the refuge it provides
against the storm.

Any members of the Society of Leopold may form a
Cenaculum in any city, but they must consult the local
Provincial first. For the Cenaculum to be recognized by the
Society, its members must, of course, abide by all the
regulations and restrictions that apply to Inquisitors. In-
quisitors may operate together without restriction and
without notifying the Holy Office, but in this case they are
simply Inquisitors working in concert, and do not have the
official recognition of being a full-fledged Cenaculum.

The Holy Office may nod its approval to the new
Cenaculum, but it will not automatically start serious fund-
ing it or help maintain it until the cenacle proves itself to be
valuable to the Society. Typically, those Cenacula which
are officially maintained by the Society have survived at
least one generation of Inquisitors and has made valuable
contributions of information to the Society. A few success-
ful autos-da-fé under the new cenacle's belt don't hurt either.

System

Inquisitor characters who wish to belong to an officially
mandated Cenaculum must take the Cenaculum Back-
ground. All characters must take the same rating to belong
to the same Cenaculum; this rating determines the overall
strength of the Cenaculum. The Storyteller may decide
what Cenaculum the characters belong to, or the players
may work together to decide the details of their sanctuary.
Incidentally, the Society of Leopold does not recognize lone
Inquisitors as being members of a cenacle-of-one; they are
simply classified as "Itinerants."

Cenacula are rated (according to this system, not the
Society itself) in one of five categories. Various factors are
considered in determining a Cenaculum's rating. Although
these are discussed as separate factors, they should be seen
working together asa whole in the history of the Cenaculum.

Weak

Weak Cenacula are either new and have yet to prove
themselves, or have been around a while without much
effect, or may even have once been prominent but have
suffered a decline.

Faith: Weak Cenacula have a Faith rating of 0. For any
Cenaculum to have a Faith rating, it must be on holy ground

Tne Inoursirion


of some sort; but for whatever reason, the building you chose
— even if it isa church —does not have a Faith rating (yet).
Funding: The Society of Leopold does not provide any
funding for this Cenaculum other than covering the rent (or
whatever appropriate leasing mechanism). Anything else
must come from the Inquisitor's pockets, including building
repairs and maintenance. Typically, weak Cenacula can
lodge three or four Inquisitors comfortably, although shar-
ing rooms may be necessary.
Retainers: With luck, a maid comes in twice a week.
Security Measures: You lock your doors. If you're
clever, you put labels on the windows that announce that
your building is electronically protected (which it isn't.)
Technology: You have typewriters, or whatever elec-
tronic resources you pay for out of pocket.
Transportation: If you don't have your own transpor-
tation, too bad.

Marginal

Marginal Cenacula have been around a little while
longer, and their prominence is on the rise (or it is on the
decline but it hasn't bottomed out yet).

Faith: Marginal Cenacula have a Faith rating of 1.

Funding: Every member of this Cenaculum has a $500
monthly allowance. Not much, but it covers food (and some
other expenses). The Society also covers basic building
maintenance.

Retainers: You have | full-time or 2 part-time Retain-
ers. No Retainer acquired through a Cenaculum will
participate in autos-da-fé, nor will they necessarily know the
full-details of a Cenaculum's operations. More loyal Retain-
ers, or those who might take place in an auto-da-fé or related
mission, must normally be acquired through the Retainer
background.

Security Measures: Minimal security, but a step above
locked doors — perhaps an automated alarm system that at
least makes lots of noise and flashes lights when there's an
intruder.

Technology: The Society has paid for a new computer,
and behold! It works.

Transportation: The Society will authorize the rental
of a car when it is really justified.

Average

Average Cenacula are just that — average. They get
basic respect and treatment from the Society, which isn't
bad — many weaker Cenacula aspire to this standard. Most
Cenacula are Average.

Faith: Average Cenacula have a rating of 2.

Funding: Each Inquisitor has a monthly stipend of
$1000. The Society covers all basic building needs, but will
seriously start to question monthly renovation bills or re-
quests for a hot-tub.

Retainers: Average Cenacula have one full-time Re-

tainer for administrative support, and part-time domestic
help.

Security Measures: In addition to the fancy alarms,
you have a basic camera system that watches all the major
exits. While you don't have full-time security (unless In-
quisitors take shifts), there is a central security desk with
viewscreens and video-cameras.

Technology: Each Inquisitor has his own personal
computer with basic word-processing. If the Inquisitors have
the right electronic or computing skills, then they might set
up a LAN, use CD-ROM readers, etc., but all at their own
initiative. The Society will provide a fax machine.

Transportation: The Society has given the Cenaculum
one standard (mid-sized) vehicle for the Inquisitors' use; the
Cenaculum must cover its maintenance, though. The Soci-
ety will pay for Inquisitors' train tickets or will partially
reimburse airfare (coach class).

Strong

Strong Cenacula tend to have been around a long
while, through a number of generations of Inquisitors.

Faith: Strong Cenacula have a Faith rating of 2. (Re-
member that Faith ratings higher than two are rare.)

Funding: Each Inquisitor has a $1500 monthly stipend,
and all justifiable business expenses, including basic ammu-
nition costs, are covered by the Society.

Retainers: Strong Cenacula have two full-time and
three part-time Retainers, typically covering domestic or
clerical chores.

Security Measures: In addition to the electronic alarm
system and the cameras, this Cenaculum has a security guard
on duty at all times. This is, more or less, someone capable
of keeping an eye on things but not necessarily dealing with
them; that is up to the Inquisitors.

Technology: The entire Cenaculum is set up fora LAN
with CD-ROM readers (for research, of course). There is
also a dedicated fax machine.

Transportation: Two standard vehicles (or one of
better quality) are available at all times. The Society covers
50 percent of auto expenses, when related to Society work
(and justifiable). The Society will cover any train or airfare
for the Inquisitors (again, provided it is justifiable).

Ve e

Venerable Cenacula are rare; they tend to be attached
to very old churches, and are typically the homes of
Provincials.

Faith: These Cenacula have a Faith rating of 3.

Funding: Each Inquisitor has a $2000 monthly allow-
ance. All business expenses and ammunition requests
covered, and 50 percent reimbursement is provided for
unusual weapon costs (e.g., silver bullets).

Retainers: These Cenacula have five full-time Retain-
ers (or an equivalent amount of part-time workers) taking
care of the Cenaculum's basic needs, as well as those of the
Inquisitors within.

Security Measures: Security measures include alarms,
cameras, one or two guards, perhaps a metal detector or even

Appenpix: Genacu


a motion sensor. Security at these Cenacula is often over-
seen by a Condotierre.

Technology: The entire Cenaculum is set up fora LAN
with CD-ROM readers, possibly with internal e-mail, scan-
ners, and more, along with a plain-paper fax machine with
its own line.

Transportation: These Cenacula have one luxury car,
and three standard vehicles. All maintenance is covered.
All requisite transportation expenses are covered.

Playing with the Ratings

Remember, these are just guidelines which are meant to
be fluid. Storytellers can modify them as necessary, or just
ignore them and make something up. You can easily play
with the ratings to create a Cenaculum more to your liking;
a particular "average" Cenaculum might have no support
staff, but be fully networked into a complex technological
setup, with its own Internet node. Or a strong Cenaculum
might have no technology and transportation, but security
that is managed by two representatives of the Condotierre.

A sample average Cenaculum is described below, to
better display how the ratings and categories can be fleshed
out and modified.

Holy Trinity, Chicago

The Cenaculum of the Holy Trinity Church is located
in Wicker Park, Chicago, an area with a mixed ethnic
population (including strong Polish and Hispanic commu-
nities). Although not the most prominent Cenaculum, is
nonetheless well-known asa solidly established Cenaculum.
Tt was originally achurch and convent school, which opened
in the early 1800s, but were rebuilt in grand Victorian
splendor in the 1880s. Through a series of resourceful and
somewhat manipulative midwestern Provincials, Holy Trin-
ity was purchased by the Society; the school was sold, but the
Society retained the small convent, church, and adjoining
gardens, enclosed behind imposing stone walls.

Although both the school and the convent's commu-
nity services ceased operation, the church remains open
during daylight hours for contemplation. On Sundays and
holy days of obligation, a visiting priest celebrates mass. The
church itself does not normally have many visitors; a local
parish taking care of the community's spiritual and religious
needs. Most visitors to the grounds either enjoy solitude and
spiritual solace, or are there to take in the stonework or
stained glass of the church. The convent, refurbished and
renamed the Dormitory, are closed to the public.

This Cenaculum has an Average rating. Its various
components are described below:

Faith: The grounds and church of Holy Trinity have a
Faith rating of 2. Because the Cenaculum does provide for
the spiritual needs of the community, its Faith rating is fairly
secure. If the church had simply been closed, then it is likely
that in spite of the Average rating, the Faith score would
drop to 1.

Funding: Each Inquisitor assigned to Holy Trinity has
amonthly stipend of $1000. The Society has honored most
of Holy Trinity's building requests, since they have been
primarily facilities enhancement or repair with few unnec-
essary touches.

Retainers: Holy Trinity has one full-time administra-
tive aide. Domestic help is provided in the form of a
twice-weekly.

Security Measures: Holy Trinity has a somewhat more
primitive system, amounting to nothing more than a set of
alarms. However, they have managed to acquire a low-
ranking Condotierre to manage security concerns.

Technology: The Society has provided Holy Trinity
one PC, a fax machine and a photocopier; while it does not
have tremendous electronic resources, it has the bare mini-
mum necessary for your average office place.

Transportation: The Society has provided Holy Trin-
ity with two vehicles: a four-wheel drive Ford Explorer and
a Ford Taurus. It has agreed to handle all expenses related to
the upkeep of the Taurus, but the Cenaculum itself is
responsible for maintenance and repairs of the Explorer.

This Cenaculum maintains its average status. Some
categories are stronger than others. For example, while it has
weaker electronic security measures, it does have a
Condotierre. Likewise, although Holy Trinity has a some-
what less-than-average technological set-up, it also has
managed a higher-than-average transportation arrangement.

Closi
There are always elements that should be left up to a
Storyteller's discretion, and these are left out of the formula.
Does the Cenaculum have any particular enemies? Has it
been in trouble with the law before? Does it house any relics?
These questions, and others like it, should be considered by
Storytellers to round out a Cenaculum.

Storytellers or players are also encouraged to draw
floorplans for their Cenaculum, find photographs of build-
ings that could serve as models, and do whatever else can be
accomplished to give the Cenaculum a real feeling. Books
on architectural preservation will often have many photo-
graphs and drawings of buildings that could be models for a
Cenaculum.


\

Name: Nature: Age:
Player: Demeanor: Sex:
Chronicle: Cenaculum: Concept:
rr gE Attributes a
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @0000 = Charisma @0000 Perception, @0000
Dexterity @0000 _ = Manipulation @0000 intelligence. @0000
Stamina @0000 Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting, 00000 Animal Ken 00000 Bureaucracy. 00000
Alertness_______ 00000 ‘iDrive. 00000 Computer. 00000
Athletics, 00000 _ Etiquette. 00000 Finance. 00000
Brawl. 00000 | Firearms. 00000 Investigation, 00000
Dodge. 00000 Melee. 00000 Law. 00000
Empathy. 00000 ‘Music. 00000 Linguistics. 00000
Intimidation, 00000 _ Repair. 00000 Medicine. 00000
Leadership 00000 _ Security. 00000 Occult. 00000
Streetwise 00000 _ Stealth. 00000 Politics. 00000
Subterfuge. 00000 Survival______ 00000 Science. 00000
eee 6-2 Advantages a
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 _90000
cosa Humanity ——<—
00000 9000000000 ——<Health———a—
00000
00000 Willpower ——2.~ Bruised Oo
ocooo0 VDODODONONONN Hurt xz.0
Pe OOoOoOoooooo 20
Numina Injured = 22
00000 4 Faith ——-— Wounded 3 0
oooo0 VDAOO0D00O00000 Mauled 4 0
cocoon COOOO00000 Gippied 5 0
00000 Combat ~=4— Incapacitated O
00000
Damage ‘Weapon Difficulty
Virtues Experience ~4—
Conscience. @0000
Self-Control. @0000
Courage. @0000

Attributes: 6/4/3 Abilities: 11/7/4 Backgrounds: 5 Freebie Points: 21 (5/2/1)


=== Other Traits tae

History
Prelude ==~—Zam

————-= Factions, Orders or Sects —=S@ntrene

ree fy GOals mmc

oeo0000

ooo000

oo0o00o0

oeoo000

oo0o00o0
=== Associates Sie

ree", CONACUIUM Semen

——= Contacts/Allies t=

Gear (carried)

—— Description -——

: == Status or Position =e
Age. Height.
Hair. Weight. \\
Eyes. Identifying Marks__ Brawling Chart

§ Sex Nationality____ Maneuver ‘Roll |, Diff Damage

Geppe Beri Binal ¢ Seah
Equipment Punch Dex+Brawl 6 Strength
Rank Roll Difficulty

Possessions (owned)


Siar
: Aires may scoff at the mortals who hunt theniy their
elders remember a time when robed monks rode from haven to haven, using

theltwinweapons of fife and faith to destroy the undead. But the Inquisition

did not die in those dark ages. Its soldiers still roam the Earth,
and the Damned fear it more than any other group of mor-
tals. Begin your search for those elusive spirits known

as the Restless Dead.

The Inquistion includes:
© Ways to add Inquisitors to any chronicle, either as characters or enemies
© New details on using Faith in a game

¢ Rules for torturing vampires

SuiTe 100
PARK NORTH BLYD, ISBN 1-56504-
CLannstow, CA 3002) WW 2020 $12.00 $

UN

Printed in Canada
