# File: The 1000 Hells.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


ten by: Ktaig Blackwelder, Tim Glancy

by: Richard E. Dansky
nent by: Jess Heinig

these pages is not a challenge to the trademarkc
concerned.
This book uses the supernatural for set ngs, char
», and themes. All mystical and supernatural elementsare fiction
‘and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discre-
‘@ out White Wolf online at
hetp://wwWiwhite-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and

4

i.

Thantcs To:
3 left this place a little tor

"ie

@

ng. You gave the rest of us more ft


CONTENTS

Descenr or 4 Sour: & Cautionary Tale a
JNTRODUCTION 8
Tue Tapestry oF Youj 12
The Map oF Damnation: Grograpny 26
The Face or Yomj: The Yama Kings 46
STORYTELLING jn Yor 64
Systems or You 80
Appennjx: Acuma: Te Devji-Earen 102

,

4

Descewr or 4 Sou: A Caumjonany Taut

D&ESLENF

OF A

sOUc:

A CAUTIONARY FACE

Even the Second Breath was not as painful as theone I
must draw now. Above me, sheets of flame dance off these
burning waves like leaves caught'in an autumn wind, while all
around the water boils. The wind whistles over the face of the
waters with ascream likea teakettleas gusts of steam jet upward
into the breeze. Demons pole rafts through the waves, prodding
the heads of sinners under the water with sadistic precision:

There are few sinners here, at the boundary between fire
and water. Most choose a single form of punishment and swim
inthe depths. There they stay. until the flesh boils from their
bones and they sink to the ocean floor. Then the servitorsof the
Queen who rules here re-assemble them, to be tormented
again. The pain is exquisite, but it is familiar, and so many
choose to enduré it patiently:

I, however, am of another sort. I donot belong here, any
more than J belonged in any of the other domains | have
traveled through. My lot is not to have my flesh abraded away
by Tou Mu's winds,.nor is it to allow Rangda's maggots to
burrow beneath myskin-Yerl have journeyed throughout both
of the Demon Queens' realms without complaint, and found
the path out again. | will notlet the Hell of the Seven Burning
Seas keep me, either. My duty, that for which] have returned
to this place of torment and pain, i$ too important to allow me
the luxury of failure.

T have chosen this spot deliberately: To those who have.
not studied the omens and auguries that I have, it seems
ordinary, just one more wave onan endlesssea. Around me the
demons'do their work; below me the sinners bob and dangle,
Through the smoke and curtains of steam I can see the Great

Gate which links this place with the next in the series of the
Burnitig Seas. Each one is supposed to be hotter and more.
dreadful than the last; [have no desire to test this supposition.

Yes! There it is! A bare hundred feet away I see her masts
breaking the waves, and the rest of the ship rising as well. The
sails are sheetsof flame and the prow is ablaze, but that doesnot
matter; the Keshi has risen from the depthsonce more. She is
all fire and splendor, and her érew stalks the decks undisturbed
by the inferno that surrounds them. The sailors look left and
right, searching for the one soul they have arrived to attempt
fo rescue, In a matter of seconds, the ghosts'on board set their
course; they are of course headed straight for me. So said the
auguries I consulted before beginning this last leg. of my jour*
ney, and | am glad to see that they are cotrect.

It has been said that the crew of the Keshi are doomed to
rise and sink eternally until the day comes when they rescue an
innocent soul that has been wrongfully brought here. Until the
day when that soul is found, theyare condemned to repeat their
eycleiof.corment, servants of justice'in an unjust place: Such
matters areof academic interest to me only, now that the time
for'me to act has.come. As the Keshi'¢omes toward me,
presumably heading for some poor damned fool beyond, the
demons scatter out Of its way.

It is all the distraction I need. Lfill'my lungs with the
scalding ait, more out of habit than out of need,ithen divesfor
the depths. Briefly hear,shouts, then my ears fill with the
boiling water and the voices of the surface are lost to me. All
that comes to me now is the hissing and bubbling of an ocean
of boiling water and the faint moans of those trapped within.

By nS as SS

Desceur or a Sous & Caujonany Tau

impossibly loud in the water. There is a clamor rising ftom the
city as well, as I press desperately downward. | risk looking
backward, andam dismayed by what I'see. The Keshi is closer,
and the crew is talking about how they might best bring me on
board. Ivis clear théy intend me asone of their hellish crew, and
my duty cannot allow. that.

I can see my escape route now as well. Ir is too narrow for
the Keshi. 1€{ can reach the tunnel, fam safe.

‘Their hands are'almost on me. The clamor is deafening:
The heat of the burning ship makes the water unendurable. |
will fail, Lcannormake it ere hey dtag me on board: One of the
sailors extends a buming hand to grasp me by the ankle, and I
know that all is lost: *

Then, suddenly, the Keshiis plummeting past me, its crew
wailing despair as it falls into the ocean floor. 1 do not stop to
watch as the sands of the sea floor swallow the ship/'Instead, |
kick downwatd, marvelingat my good fortune. The path to the
seas of the Middle Kingdom lies open before me, and I put all

7

of my strength into reaching it. I have triumphed.

Ttisonly much, much later that L ponder the meansof my
escape Perhaps thé auguries were too, true. Perhaps I was the
soul the crew ofthe Keshisought this time. And perhaps, by my
very attempts to flee, | proved myselfcorrupted and unworthy,

If so, [have committed a great offerise. | have doomed them:
brave souls who'man the Keshi to centuries more of torment.
Their pain is my doing.

So my duty is clear. I must return to Yomi Wan, tothe Hell
of the Seven Burning Seas. I must bear an innocent soul with.
me, as mine is no longer worthy, and | must offer another
innocent's torment to rectify the vil I have wrought, All this
I shallid, though the prospect fills me with dread.

Noone ever escapes Yomifor good, | was told when first | fled.
It is simply that now you get to:chodse how you return.

My way i$ chosen. Let the innocenrand the guilty alike
tremble. T am going back ro Yomi Wan.

NF RODULFION

‘There is Heaven, andithete is Earth. There is Yin, and
there is Yang. There arethe lands of the living, and there are
the lands of the dead.

And then there is YomiWan, and nothing else is like it,
anywhere.

Yomi, also known asthe Thousand Hells, is more than just
ayplace of torment. [fis where the Yama Kings dwell, each
awaiting his chance at the title of Demon Emiperor. It is where
the souls of the truly,wicked are punishediwithout surcease for
all etetitiry. And it is the,place where everyiSingle Kuei-jin
comes from.

Wuar Tijs Boor js

The Thousand Hells is not a comprehensive guide to
all of the various hells and their masters. There are just too
darn many of them for that. Instead, the book is a guide to
the most notable and famous regions of the Yomi World, the
routes in and out, the place's most famous inhabitants and
a quick analysis of how the hells warp normal vampiric
powers and habits.

How To Use Tijs Boor

Most of the material in The Thousand Hells is Story-
teller-oriented. Players may not want to read all of what's

Pen aoa oP

contained within, for fear of spoiling the unpleasant surprises
waiting for them when their characters descend into Yomi. On
the other hand, scholars, sages and those few suicidal Kuei-jin
who voluntarily take the trip back into the hells may wellhave
heard some or all of what is contained in here. Whether or not
they believe it, however, is an entirely different matter.

Chapter by chapter, here is how the book breal*e agit

Tapestry is a brief overview of the history of the Yomi
World, as well as an examination of the routes in and out. The
Ebon Path and the Scarlet Road get special attention, along
with the creatures that dwell along them. Other methods of
escaping Yomi are covered as well.

The Map of Damnation covers the most famous and
infamous hells in Yomi Wan. The history, notable sites and
common inhabitants of these domains are detailed.

The Face of Yomi introduces you to the most notable and
terrifying Yama Kings. Mikaboshi, Emma-o, Rangda, Tou Mu
and others take centterstage here. In addition, there is informa-
tion onaktéma, those Kuei-jin who have taken service with the
Yama Kings: (More@kyma material can be found in the Appen-
dix}:see below)

Storytelling in Yomi discusses the best ways to use Yomi
in.your chronicles, either directly or indirectly. Furthermore,
there are sections on building your own hells and Yama Kings,

Systems of Yomi. is a'brief look at rules)/and the way in'
which Yomi alters even the most basic aspects Of vampiric
existences Rules for gathering Chi, resisting frenzy and more
are included as well!

Finally, there is a separate appendix on akuma, including
rules fommaking a deal with the Yama Kings, the benefits of
becoming akuma, the powers these traitors to Heaven receive,
and the dawn' side'of becoming a servant of the Yomi World's
mightiest powers.

War Tijs Book js Nor

The Thousand Hellssis.not, however, a simple travel-
guidesstylemap book to, Yomi, complete with information on
accommodations, loeal sights and good restaurants. Nor is it a
rogue's gallery of candidates for the Demon Emperor's throne,
each lined up with statistics so that they can be knocked down
in turn. Part and parcel with the factual information in the
Thousand Hells should be the moods of terror and horror that
it incites. The Yama Kings are vast, inhuman and unbelievably

Ths Thousayo Haus
powerful. The Thousand) Hells stretchyout beyond human
comprehension, each One more horrific than.the last. The
torments of Yomi are'sadistic and nigh-infinite. None of these
things. can or should be quantified. There will always be Yama
Kings until.chend of the world, therelwill always be more hells

to endurevorexplore, and there will always be new Kérrors
waiting in,rhe Yomi World.

TERMjNOLOGY AND Usace

There are any number of sticky terms in The Thousand
Hells (both the place and the book). A brief guide follows:

© "Yama King" refers to entities of any gender who control
one or more of the Thousand Hells, or who,are equivalent in
power and respect to those who,dorullé, "Yamal Queen" refers
strictly to entities of this sort who are more female thafilhor

* Akuma, within the context of the Thousand/Hellsy are
those Kueizjin who have made formial binding contracts with
one or more Yama Kings, ex¢hanging their souls and service'for
power! Outcasts, criminals and other undesirable}Kuei-jin of
the Middle Kingdommay'béicalled akuma, but this book only
concerns itself with the real thing.

* The Thousand Hells, as a specific piece of cosmological
real estate equivalent to the Yomi.World or Yomi-W/an, is
Capitalized throughutthis book, Individually, the termshell"
and "domain," referring to stibdivisionsof the Thousand Hells,
are not. Each domain also has a specific individual nameyby
which it isigenerally referred.

*"Phesouls trapped within Yomi Wan are not ghosts in
thejelassic sense, but rather singular P'os of mortals whose evil
deeds during life doomed rheitiyto Yomi. The vast majority of
thedead if the Middle Kingdom either pass on to the next level
of existence! or find themselves in Yu Huang's empire. A
relatively small number of souls do find their way to Yomi in the
end. What swells the ranks of the damned is the fact that while
the influx is slow, the outflow isnonexistent, Almost everysoul
ever to fall into Yomi is still there.

In any case, for the duration of this book, "soul" is synony-
mous with P'o unless it is specifically stated otherwise.

* "Demon," "demon servitor" and "devil" are'allsynony-
mous terms for the servants of the Yama Kings whomake Yomi,
their home. Most are in direct '$e#viée to a particular Yama
King, and are constructed with the unique conditions of their
home domains in mind:



The Tapestny oF Yous =

ai

FHE FAPESTR
OF YOMT

Li-Tsangvan along a road of skiri'stretched tight over fae, het
footsteps drowned out by thé'shrieking ofa thousand tormented P'os.
Her foot sank into the earth — ifitcould be called that — withevery
step, and each stride was a battle to extricate herself. The spider
hiunesman pursuing her was nowhere in sight, but she could see that
the pack of Unfaced.Ones behind her was gaining ground. Despite
being bent nearly doublé'by unseendeformities, they still ran faster
than'hounds. Their smiling Buddhamasks covefed.the absence of
their faces. In any other placé'she would have assumed lien demon
form, bur here she dared'not call upon the power of her P'o. It was
by unleashing her darker nature too frequently that she had gained
the unwanted attentions of the Yama King Emma-o to begin with.

The Unfaced Ones caught up to hérin moments. Squealing like
enormous pigs, they circled Li-Tsang and contained het dis they
waited for their master. Li-Tsang recognized that there was no
escape tobe had by running, and assumedafighting posture. Her feet
sank into the moist flesh beneath her. Black talons sprouted from the
tips of her fingers as she prepared for a brief but honorable battle,

She did not have long to wait Within minutes, Emma-O'3
enormous Kumo huntsman caught up with his pack of "hounds" and
skittered around the circle that héld Li-Tsang prisoner. The sharp

black tips of his eight enormous legs punctured the tortured landscape:
at every Step, and pus welled up from the festering land when he
pulled his leg free. He pointed at her with the end of one dripping
chitinous leg, chtuckling unpleasantly . Li-Tsang prepared to block his
‘attack and realized the huntsman was not moving forward.

"Oh, Li-Tsang, dear old enemy, you must put aside these rash
Confrontational gestures," he crooned, his voice filled with Yin calm.
"In your time, I will admit, you were a most excellent warrior.
Perhaps you were feared in that lovely city of yours, perhaps youheld
Some silly little tide among the Hungry Dead — Predator of
Sharighai, was it? — but itno longer has any relevance, dear old hag.
In Yomi, my sweet morsel, it is you who are the prey."

He turned away without seriking, much to Li-Tsang's surprise.
After putting distance between himself and his pack, he bellowed,
"Unmask!" The swaying Unfaced Ones reached up and removed
their unchanging visages.

For a brief moment, Li-Tsang, the Predator of Shanghai,
mandarin of the Court of Opalescent Mirrors, scréamedFotller
sounds followed, and then all was quiet except for the cries of the
tormented in the distance.


bac 8 ee

<
:
>
.
N
*
3
.
%
N

Yan TT Tae

History oF THE You; Wor

The story of Yomivis‘not'in any;book. of occulé knowl-
edge that might be accessible in the lands of the barbaric
West, norisit readily accessible to those who were not born
speaking centuries-dead dialects of Asian languages. Those
who know of Yomi —or at least some of it — hoard their
knowledge, while those who do not know continue not to
know. The great Dragon Wizards of the East do not speak of
Yomi — outside of nervous whispers — because, in'addition
to being most unwise and inauspicious, it is considered rude.
The Kuei-jin, on the other hand, avoid thesubject of Yomi
not because of its great import, but because of its obvious
ness. A Cathayan would no sooner mention Yomi in a
conversation (or an interrogation) than she would mention
that sunlight hurts or that blood nourishes. The P'o of every
Kuei-jin ever to breathe the Second Breath has passed
through the Yomi World. A fortunate few never go back; the
rest know what waits for them someday. The horror of the
Yomi World is a shared experience among the Kuei-jin, but
one that few like to remember, and fewer still care to discuss
at length. They have all been there, and that is enough.

Furthermore, while every Cathayan has some small
knowledge of Yomi — a fleeting memory of the storms
blowing across the Hell of Being Skinned Alive, a haunting
image of a landscape or an unshakable reminiscence of
agonizing moments in the Hell of Eternal Paralysis — very
few know anything more than that. Bodhisattvas and arhats
are rumored to know the truth abour Yomi (as they're
rumored to know the truth about everything) but if they do,
they're notoriously tight-lipped around those less enlight-
ened than they. What little they have said is hidden in
fragile scrolls of scholars and occultists. Privileged akuma,
particularly those wielding the powers of Hellweaving, know
more than most; they may even be willing to discuss what
they know fora price, but dealing with such beings presents
dangers of its own.

Tue First Lash

Before the Second Age, there was no Yomi World. The
worlds of Yin and Yang were balanced, and as the two were
balanced, the Ten Thousand Things were in harmony. The
August Personage of Jade still administered order to the
world, and the Yama Kings were barely distinguishable from
the other petty tyrants of the worlds of Yin and Yang. In that
ancient age they were still nothing more than terrible
children given control over the deepest holes of the world,
existing in tiny islands of concentrated nightmare and
corruption. They had been given the consolidated filth of
the Middle Kingdom, the afterbirth and the offal, the de-
filed regions left over from the messy creation of the uni-
verse, and they felt slighted asa result. The August Person-
age called their tainted little realms "kingdoms" and called
them all "Yama Kings," almost as if trying to mock them.
They were enraged, but held their tempers in check, lest
what little they had be taken from them.

The August Personage of Jade delegated to these Yama
Kings the task of instructing and rehabilitating the wayward
souls of the Middle Kingdom. The Yama Kings accepted

Tee Thovsw Haus

their charge as graciously as they might, butiall it took for
them. to overstep the bounds of theirimandate Was for the
August Pérsonage to move his attention to other celestial
matters. Left to their own devices, the Yama Kings tealized
that the suffering of others was to be theirjoy, their beauty
and their solace.

The end of harmony and the genesis ofithe Yomi World
¢ame about when one of the slighted Yama Kings (allclaim
the distinction of being the legendary First, though legend
more commonly gives "credit" to one of the Yangeaspected
Yama Queens) learned that Chi tainted by strong negative
emotions lent itself more easily to consumption than did
calm or joyful thoughts. Armed with this/knowledge, she
glutted herself on the Chi near places where great pain or
anger had stained the tapestry of the Yang World. The other
Yama Kings grew alarmed at this "unfair advantage", and
began watching the First with relentless curiosity. The First
tried to keep her knowledge to herself, but even then there
was no power under Heaven that could evade the full
scrutiny of nine (or more) Yama Kings for long.

It is said that a servant of the First, Liao-chuh Kung,
called the Wandering Dark by scholars, revealed the secret
of the consumption of corrupted Chi to the other Yama
Kings in exchange for vast power in the Middle Kingdom.
While Liao-chuh Kung initially found the power his new
allies granted him intoxicating, spending the intervening
ages evading the traps and torments of his former master has
made him bitter and vengeful. Knowing what Heaven asked
of the Yama Kings, and seeing how they have overstepped
their bounds, he seeks a way to banish them entirely from
the Middle Kingdom. The Wandering Dark gleefully seizes
any Opportunity to undermine the works of any Yama King.

Once it was known to the other Yama Kings that they
could consume almost unlimited Chi so long as‘itwasigener-
ated from pain or rage, they all sought out realms of the Yang
World tainted by such foul emanations. They found pockets
of the Yang World that were bursting with suitable Chitipe
for the taking. They also found that none of the realms of the
spirits of the Western lands ‘was accessible to them. Regard?
less of how much will they brought to bear, regardléss'6fithe
mantras they chanted or the rituals they performed, they
could not affect the Western world in any,way. At first the
Yama Kings were incensed beyond comprehension, butafter
looking at the desert nomads.and fur-cladbarbarians of the
West, they decided it was no great loss.

Over the course of their quest, it became clear that just
as agriculture was more efficient than hunting and gather-
ing, cultivating pain and rage was much simpler than seek-
ing it out, and they set out on a dark new campaign. The
Yama Kings began an aggressive policy of subyerting the
denizens of the Middle Kingdom, tricking humans and shen
alike into creating more misery for them to feed on. Where
there was stability, they would undermine it; where there
was a spark of anger, they would fan it into violence; and
where there was harmony, the Yama Kings would sow
discontent, boredom and greed. They repeatedly pushed
human events toward a negative outcome in order to
harvest the rich Chi of agony and malice. Experimenting


Tie Tarssray oF Yous 15
ef)

on the humans they hated, the young Yama Kings
leattied that corrupt Chi had a different "taste"
depending on whether it came from war, plague,
tortifé Or.some other atrocity. By seducing

those early mortals into acts of violence, lust
Gt greed, they began

mixing the flavors of

Corruption in sympho>

ies, of jatrocity. The

Yama Kings would flood
tealms with noxious Chi for
atime until misery and ha-

fred saturated the) spiritual
essence Ofthe region, at which
point they would feast, leav-
ing @ spititually barren waste-
land behind.

While the Atigust Petson-
age of Jade was atténding to
the business of Heaven, the
Yama Kings constructed en-
tire gardens of misery. They
fed from an enormous buf-
fet of hatred and suffer-
ingpgrowing gluttonous y
and malevolent on the_ \\
painof others. Withev-
ery great famine, war or
plague that sprang up,
the Yama Kings grew
more powerful and ite-
bellioustoward Heaven.

Discord spread
throughout) the spirit
worlds as the Yama Kings!
gorged themselves on Chi
in quantities pteviously
unthinkable. Whole,cit-
ies drowned themselves in
the tainted Chi resulting
from @ war Gnothersgreat
atrocity, which injturn ate
tracted thelfayenous
Yama Kings. Their pres-
ence, a might be ex-
pected, did little to alle-
viate the spffering that
had drawn them in the first
place. Many of the Yama
Kings strove simply to find
what limits, if any, their
appetites had, devouring
any andall tainted Chi they
could find. Whole realms of
the Yang World were desecrated
and sucked dry before the August
Personage saw what had transpired.
In wrath, he assigned the Wan Xian to

\

ferret out the Yama Kings' lackeys and agents provocatewrs in.
the Middle Kingdom, so as to prevent them from further
disrupting the cycle.

The realms that the Yama Kings had sterilized were no
longer imharmony with the rest of the Yang World. No spirit
could enter those defiled regions without falling prey to its
darkest inclinations.-Having no Chi of any sort, the reso-
nance of thesé regions was a tabula rasa, and the Yama'Kings
engraved their will upon it, In a great unprecedenged joint
venture, performed primarily as an act of insolence toward
the August Personage of Jade and the arrogant Wan Xian he
dared to put in their way, the Yama Kings ceased their
internecine wars and made their first (and arguably greatest)
show of power by ripping the dead realms away from the
Yang World. These spirit lands they took back to their
twisted nightmare kingdoms. There the Yama Kings worked
and shaped and blended their spoils until their home realms
and the stolen spirit lands fused into an entirely new realm
neither above nor below the Middle Kingdom, but contigu-
ous to it, abutting all great centers of corruption or decay.
This twisted place they called Yomi.

The Yama Kings were triumphant. They were certain
that this was the true beginning of the eternal reign of the
Yama Kings and that Heaven would soon start to tremble
before their every step. The August Personage of Jade did
not see it that way. As an act of insolence, the savaging of
the defiled realms was a failure. The dragons of Heaven
would have soon uncreated the ravaged spiritual realms
anyway as a form of celestial cautery, but the Yama Kings,
glutted on Yang Chi and lacking any self-restraint or subtlety,
acted rashly, revealing to the August Personage precisely
what they were capable of while simultaneously expending
titanic amounts of their newly gained power. They stood
exposed yet defiant before the August Personage of Jade, and
the one thing recorded in all three chronicles of the event
is the ineffable smile upon his face as he turned his back
upon them forever.

Weak from their gratuitous display of force, the Yama
Kings were again ravenous. They roamed the Middle King-
dom seeking mortals to tempt and seduce into unwise ac-
tions that would result in atrocities, corruption and malice.
Willing dupes were found everywhere, but the Ten Thou-
sand Immortals blocked them at every step. As soon as a
Yama King sought to manipulate an advisor, the Wan Xian
would smell the mortal's corruption and expose the pawn for
what he was. The Ten Thousand Immortals efficiently
blocked the Yama Kings from using humans as tools with
which to taint Chi and steal more lands from the Yang
World. The Yama Kings struck again and again, in China, in
Japan, in Tibet, giving more and more of their power to
weak-willed mortals as they became desperate to feed their
enormous appetites. Each time, the Wan Xian disrupted the
attempt, and the Yama Kings grew furious. They pronounced
strings of curses upon the Wan Xian, dreamed up abomi-
nable torments for them, and declared a thousand tiny wars,
but without servants in the Middle Kingdom, the Yama
Kings could do nothing bur seethe, rant and threaten. In

The Thousano Hens

time, the Yama Kings grew silent, and peace returned:to the
Middle Kingdom.

The Wan Xian, no/longer directly informed by the
August Personage; assumed that the Yama Kings had finally
accepted their role in the celestial order While they still
sniffed around for mortal dupes, most of the Tent Thousand
Immortals grew lazy and turned their attentions to other,
less noble, matters.

The Yama Kings, meanwhile, had not given up, they
had simply flocked to the Yin World. Wu Hua, the Yama
King who had just established his Pit of Salt and fron in the
lands of the Restless Dead, discovered that the atrocities
instigated by the Yama Kings in the Middle Kingdom to
taint the Yang World still echoed in the Labyrinth beneath
the Yellow Springs. Many of the victims of the wars and the
famines they had caused were now riddled with tainted Yin
Chi. They raged and relived their hated lives, hiding them-
selves in the shifting tunnels just above the Great Well of
Unbeing. The foul acts inspired by the Yama Kings still
generated tainted Chi, though it was the cold, dark Chi of
the Yin World.

Knowing they would be exposed and punished if they
were not cautious, the Yama Kings hid themselves, like
worms in a rosebud, in the regions of the Yin World where
despair or stifled malice stained the tapestry. There, feasting
by the unlight of Oblivion, the Yama Kings forgot the hated
Wan Xian entirely as they devoured a second crop of Chi
from the same malevolent sowing. What followed was a
feeding frenzy on par with the first: The Yama Kings sucked
the Chi permanently from several rooms of the Jade Palace,
which they had defiled. By the time the act of desecration
was discovered, the Yama Kings were again gorged with
stolen Chi.

For the second time in known history, the Yama'Kings
cooperated ro tear the Yin lands they had made barren from
the rest of the Yellow Springs. These realms they consoli-
dated with the Yomi World they had begun decades before.
What had once been Yang realms were-forcibly. blended
with what had once been Yin realms: The only thing the
realms shared was barrenness and corruption, and thatalone
was to be the essence of the Yomi World.

The beginning of the Fourth Age sawalgreat victory go
to the Yama Kings: the Wan Xian.who had foiled them/at
every turn throughout the Age of Legends had themselves
become defiled. One of the Wan Xian of distant India,
called Mahanaga Visparakni, fell under the sway/of the
illusory charms of Tou Mu, who yanked him around by his
P'o like a puppet. Convinced that he was obeying the
mandate of Heaven, he became the first traitopamong the
Wan Xian and began treating mortals under his protection
as his private reserve of Chi. He quickly convinced others
among the overconfident Wan Xian that their proper role
in the Middle Kingdom was that of warlord or divine ruler-
representative of the August Personage, not tattle-tale or
attack dog. In time, Mahanaga Visparakni was branded
akuma, hunted down and destroyed, but not before his
relentless demand for power led him to commit atrocities


‘Thr Tarestmy oF Yous

that would. become legendary. Tou Mu‘claimed his soul
immediately, and Mahanaga Visparakni, the first akuma,
has been subjected to the Yama Queen's abrasive caress
ever since.

Corruption grew rife among the Wan Xian. Instead of
defending the Middle Kingdom fromithe depredations of the
Yama Kings, theywarred among themselves, laying claims
to little empires, and drainingsthe Chi essence of whole
villages of mortals in order to'do soe The August Personage
saw this desecration and grew angry. The punishment of
Heayen, when itcame, was in no way subtle, and when it was
over, the Ten Thousand Immortals stood in the way of the
Yama Kings no more. On the contrary, the Yama Kings now
had direct access to the P'os of the Wan Kuei. Almost as.if
trying toaid them, the August Personage of Jade had taken
away the YamaKings' most hated foe. In exchange he had
given the devils their greatest tool in the Middle Kingdom.
The Yama Kings gloated.

Spreapjng THE Taynr

Clot by clot, Yomi grows. By adding new territories'to
the Yomi World, the Yama Kings increase their personal
power, their ability to affect the Middle Kingdom and
increase the likelihood of one of their number becoming
the: Demon Emperor. Every new connection or weak spot
between the mortal world andithe world of demons gives
the Yama Kings neéwechannels through which to inflict
their will upon the Middle Kingdom and metastasize into
new territory.

Not all of the methods, by which, Yomi grows. areas:
dramatic as defiling rooms of the Jade Empéror'spalace and
ripping.them away. One slow but steady means by which
Yomi increases is thevaccretion of items blown in on the
great ghost winds. The winds ofethe Tempest are strong
enough in various locales of the Yin World to sweep away
nearly anything, but they weaken as they near the Yomi
World propersAs they lose energy, they drop their random
contents on the ragged.edge of the demon world. There are
some regions of Yomi near the Ebon Roadwwhere odd items
fall from the storm-darksky almost continually. Sand, relics,
plasm, Spectres and wraiths have all beentossed from the'
Tempest into Yomi to bescollected, ignored or dtherwise
dealt with. Thé Yama\Kings, and therefore their administra-
tors, pay only minimal attention to the items that drop from
the Tempest unless those items should call attention to
themselves. Over time, a solid mortar of sand and plasm
cements the larger items together into a hard, misshapen
aggregate, In this way new terrain creates itself in some
regions of Yomi. For every meter that Yomi grows, the
Tempest winds recede in the same measure, causing the rain
of strange objects to fall a little fartheflaway and expanding
the demon world yet more. During each of the Great Mael-
stroms, the quantity of items plummeting from the sky was
such that Yomi grew several meters in a day. Enough time
has passed in the last two ages that nearly anything could be
encased in the bizarre sedimentof Hell, quietly waiting to be
mined and brought back, though perhaps changed in some
unforseeable manner.

While the Wan Xian are no more, the MiddleKingdom
isn't entirely at the mercy of the ravenous Yama Kings) An
array of forces in both the Yin and Yang Worlds keep the
Yama Kings from repeating the sorts of gross manipulation,
that established the Yomi World in the first place. Never-
theless, these modern defenders are not so successful as the
Wan Xian of old nor so inherently noble. Furthermore, any
shen who makes a formidable enemy will always make an
€ven better tool, should @ Yama King desire to subvert so
noble a foe. From time to time one of the demon lords scores
a great.couplin the Middle Kingdom, and the stain of the
Yomi World grows larger yet-

Yomi has undergone two enormous growth spurts since
the, Yama Kings' initial ravaging of the spiritual worlds.
above and belowthe Middle Kingdom. Each time the demon
world)grew, the increase in the Yama Kings' power in the
Middle Kingdom made itself manifest soon after.

The largest increase in the Yomi World, however;
wasn't instigated by the Yama ‘Kings and resulted im che
creation of the Scarlet Path linking Yomi to the world of
spirits. Halfway through the Third Age of the Great Cyl;
all of Heaven shook under anwihexpected onslaught. The
Dragon of Balance and Harmony.feéll into the great celestial
loom where the tapestry of the Middle Kingdom was being
woven, and the consequences were dire. The Dragon had
been preparing to bless thetapestry, but he approached too
near and was pulled in by the sheer power of its need.
Tangled in the:endless strands),the Dragon bellowed and
began a violent thrashing that resonated throughout the
spirit..world. The resultant chaos destroyed the orderly
pattern of creation, and the tapestry was nearly ruined as a
result. In its struggles of panic and pain, the Dragon disor-
dered the pattern ofthe universe, kicked a huge chunk of the
spiritworld directly. into Yomi, conducted itself in a manner
unbecoming to one of the great Dragons of Heaven, and lost

£ :

Population
} Though scars (see page 18) rend the landscape in.
places, and certain hells may be imbalanced toward 4
Yin or Yang, for the most part Yomi is a warped alloy
‘ _ of the worlds of the spirits and the Restless Dead
where the worst elements of both are brought be-
neath the dominion of the Yama Kings. The Yomi
World is the only place where one can see Spectres
and Banes fighting in pits like feral dogs while their
demonic masters watch from silken pavilions and bet
on the outcome. Because it combines elements of
both the world of spirits and the world of the dead,
any type of creature can be found either wandering |
through Yomi or being tormented there. All manner
of shen from all known worlds pass through Yomi on
errands for the Yama Kings. Others end up there
through karmic imbalance. The Yama Kings wel-
come any creature that knows pain.

face before the August Personage and the rest of the¢elestial,
realmyiSince that most inauspicious of all moments, the
Dragon.of Balance'and Harmony has completely retreated
in shame, leaying only imbalance and disharmony'in all of
Heavenanid throughout the Middle:Kingdom«

Similary(yet different, are the'tales told by the Kuei-jin
of the Infinite Phundérs Coutt of India, who speak of three
gods: Brahma, theiéreator, who is an endless font of energy
and shape;/Vishnu, the preserver, who gathers and protects
those elements of creation that are most excellent in form
and virtue; and Shiva, the destroyer, whose danée is destrue~
tion, and who shall dance away the world when the Great
Wheel of Ages stopsturning. The Indian Kuei-jin claim that
the great quaking of the spirit world was caused when
Vishnu, blinded by the sight of raw possibility for so long
and unable to clearly discern the excellent from the defec-
tive, began preserving everything he took from Brahma.
The universe filled rapidly with all manner of things, caus-
ing Shiva to believe that the universe had already reached
its capacity and to take the first mudra, or posture, of his final
dance. This terrible first step sent the initial rumbles of
destruction throughout the spirit world. Though Shiva im-
mediately realized his mistake, the terrible and endlessly
reverberating thunder of that first step infused all the uni-
verse with the energy of destruction.

Whether the upheaval was caused by the Great Dragon's
blunder or the first step in Shiva's dance, the outcome was
the same. Whole realms of the Yang World crumbled and
fell into Yomi, there to be conquered by the opportunistic
Yama Kings.

These realms were quite different from the ones that
had been ravaged to create the Yomi World. They were not
defiled and ripped away from the Yang World before meld-
ing with Yomi, and still remained wholly connected to the
Yang World. Though twisted beyond recognition, these
places survive and the majority of them connect to the most
corrupt realm in the Yang World, called Malfeas by the
inhabitants of the West. The blistered tissue connecting
these two unwholesome worlds is called the Scarlet Path,
and it has the curious property of always taking those
walking on it from a bad situation to a worse one, regardless
of which direction they travel.

Though both are places of evil and torment, the affini-
ties between the Yomi World and the realm known as
Malfeas are not in dispute, even as some scholars argue that
one might be a part of the other. Yomi is distinct from
Malfeas, however, in that it comprises an almost infinite
number of small hells, and it is composed of the spiritual
fabric torn from both the Yin and Yang Worlds. Malfeas is
entirely a realm of the Yang World. Yomi is neither of the
Yang World nor the Yin World, but contains elements of
both; its only constant is corruption.

The most recent large-scale annexation to the Yomi
World occurred on two separate days in August of 1945 in
what the Yama Kings called "the Joyous Harvest." Huge
chunks of Japan's spiritual landscape were instantly des-
ecrated by a tidal wave of pain and horror and blasted

I

Scars on THE Face or Hr
Because of the way in which the Yama Kings
tipped away parts of other realms and spliced them
onto their own, the Yomi World is like a body
made from pieces of many other mismatched bod-
ies, and even the best stitching can't make a man's
hand fit readily on the end of a little girl's arm,
These areas where flaws run through the fabri¢ of
the Yomi World are called scars. Scars appear like

huge reflective cracks through the realm, like the:

cracks that develop when water becomes ice tod
quickly. Some scars are stable and can be built
around, others are fluid and'ripple like a silk'scarf
in a strong wind. When a moving scar passes
through an area, distances expand and contract,
buildings and other objects (including individu-
als) fuse into each other, tunnels collapse, indi-
viduals disappear, pipes back up, technological
items break or go haywire, and torture comes to a
complete standstill amidst the chaos.

Mayhem, riots and looting follow the passing
ofascaruntil the Yama Kings grow angry, at which
point torture commences and everything gets back
‘on track and existence in Hell carries on. Scars are
the primary reason the Yama Kingshaven'tadapted
to technological torments much more. rapidly.
When a scar passes through an aréa loaded with
high-tech devices for implementing pain, a Yama
Kingcan lose thousands of souls' worth ofhigh-end
torment-induction equipment.

Certain regions of Yomi, particularly those
annexed during the Joyous Harvest, are a dense
maze of shifting scars and are nearly unusable as. a
result, but the Yama Kings are concerned with the
quantity, not quality, of the realms they steal.
These scar-tiddled wastelands are the homes of
many fugitive akuma, chih-mei and brief-lived "re-

sistance movements" of the unwashed and unwise

idealists who hope to destroy one Yama King or
another. The dense mass of scars in these areas

provide refuge from the devils but not much else,

The Yama Kings themselves avoid these areas
assiduously, because scars also sever their connec-
tion to the dragon lines that supply their infernal
power. Were itnot forscars, the Yama Kings would
fancy themselves gods in their own realms. As it is,
scars are reminders to the Yama Kings that every
realm in Yomi is tainted and stolen.


oF You

directly to, Yomi.in the atomic detonations that ended
World War Tl» The Yama King Pika Don entered the Yin
World immediately, after the atomic explosions, intending
toreap the vastamounts of defiled Chi from the surrounding
lands for use in his bitter war with Emma-o. Things did not
Bas he intended, however, and after imbibing only a small
‘quantity of his intended meal, Pika Don fell into a night-
mare-laden Slumber that.continues today. This develop-
ment makes the other Yama Kings uneasy. If Pika Don is
absorbing the fouled Chi of Hiroshinia in his Slumber, he
may be so glutting himself that he will be able to wake at the
dawn of the Sixth Age and claim the title of Demon Em-
Peror With little reahopposition from the other Yama Kings.
If, on the other hand, Pika Don were somehow sickened or.
injured by the Chi left behind by the nuclear destruction,
then the Yama Kings may have cause to be more attentive to
just what kind ofispiritualjpollution they consume.

The 20th century has already been an enormous festival
for the Yama Kings,/a delicious prelude to the Sixth Age.
The sheer number of wars and associated atrocities in the
Middle Kingdom, particularly in Southeast Asia, is proyid-
ing the demon lords with pain-corrupted Chi to devour and
scores of ruined territories\to annex. Such windfalls have
allowed the Yomi World to grow ata rate unseen since the
Witidfalls of the Third Age. Every torture spree and napalm
‘bombing strengthens the Yama Kings' hold on the world and
hastens the day of the\crowning of the Demon Emperor.

‘The Mopern Heus

The modern Yomi Wérld is foulér than can possibly, be
imagined. The demon,world grew more with. the Joyous
Harvestethan it had in entire centuries preceding that
cataclysmic event/and.the Yama Kings:/have almost grown
complacent in their power. The Wall between the worldof,
mortals and theworld-of demons grows so'thin that at
‘cettain inauspicious times and places;demonscan crossover

» ifthey are so muchaspondered too intently. Thus the Yama

Kings wax powerful.

The hells of the Yomi World vary wildly. Some are
home to entire twisted:cities of demons and akuma, while
others were created specially for lone' individuals whose
pride or sins earnéd them special artention from one, of the

_ Yama Kings. There are hells being constructed even now for
' mortals yet living whom the Yama Kings have alteady

identified as their own.

Justas in the Yin and Yang Worlds, it is possible to find
items from all times and places in Yomi, and just as in\those
two worlds, pastiche has become an art form, For example,
while Tou Mu's iron mask and gauntlets may appear archaic,
the tiny drills in her talons are strictly 20th century,

The modern hells are booming. Cortuption of all kinds,
war and despair are thriving industries. While many Kuei-jin,
especially older individuals, imagine the Yomi World to
resemble a picture from a history book, quaint and out of date,
the popular methods of torture used in Yomi have not re-
mained constant over time. Water torture, slow flaying and
molten copper spattered on flesh may once have been consid-

19

ered "high tech," but with time they have grown overly
familiar; most torturers in Yomi find them classic, but slightly
passé. Bold new trends in the production of torment haye
followed every war fought in the Middle Kingdom, andthe
20th century has seen a veritable renaissance in the philoso-
phy, hardware and technique of torture.

The Wicked City in particular has adapted the most
cutting-edge scientific developments from the world of the
living, and now boasts horrors undreamed of in simpler ages.
Specula, power drills, rabber tubing, catheters, piano wire,
dental instruments and staple guns all have their uses in the
modern interrogator's tool kit. While electric power is still
difficult to,come by in Yomi, anything causing pain through
the clever application of electricity is currently considered
quite chic. Likewise, certain methods of,chemical torture,
fromdrain-cleanervall the way up to_pain-inducing, neu-
rotransmitters, are gaining popularity because they, produce
an excruciating pain while assuring that the victim can.
endure a moré extended session before requiring Chi in order
to.revive for the next go-round. It is important to the Yama
Kings that their guests get the most.our of the experience,
Obtaining the raw materials for complex, modern techniques
can sometimes be difficult, but a. booming trade exists with
the other three worlds, and a Yama Kingor a favored interto-
gatorcan generally get anything she wants to extract the most
sublime agonies from her object of affliction.

The overcrowded and highly polluted cities of the
Middle Kingdom furnish' copious quantities of negatively
resonant Chi. Like water down the Yangtze, misery flows
freely.in lands wherevorganized crime, drug smuggling, gov-
ernment censorship and mass poverty reign: In this way do
the Yomi World andethe Middle Kingdom, reflect each
Other. Corruption, in Yomi; is the absolute rulejinot the
exception, and the Yama Kings would have it no other ways

Oblivious to fashion trends in torment, asmall minority
of Yama Kings are staunch traditionalists who insist on
cetaining 2 look from some previous era. Most, however,
have broken with stagnant tradition and have chosen to
have their hells refleet, to one degree or another, the
modern world. Certainly, Mikaboshi's Wicked City is the
most extreme instance of this development. Patterning
scenes of his compact avant-garde hell as much as possibleon
the high-stress, high-tech and morally bankrupt lives of
low#level Tokyo businessmen, Mikaboshi has created a
wonder of agony. Here, ghosts go about soul-deadening tasks
in dimly lit and smoky offices by day and seek protection at
night from demons, Spectres, cybernetically enhanced gang-
sters, organjackers and bakemono. Mikaboshi adhered to
strict guidelines when having this hell built. Consequently
there are living quarters in the Wicked City for precisely
half of its inhabitants, and the horrors that roamithe cityby'
night make certain that there is always a thriving competi-
tion for those places of relative safety. Prostitution is a
popular means of finding safety when the "sun" goes downy
but Mikaboshi has thought of everything, and the larger-
than-life STDs of the Wicked City are miracles of malice,
particularly placed as they are in a milieu of intensified


social pressure snatched right out of modern-day Japan.
Watching his little "project" brings Mikaboshi hours of
enjoyment. He awaits the day when he is crowned Demon
Emperor so he can play in this lighthearted fashion with all
of the Middle Kingdom.

Life in the demon world is not all fun and games, even
for those in positions of power. The skillful induction of
agony, not to mention the logistics of everyday existence in
Yomi, is made more difficult by the fact that areas ripped
from the Yin and Yang Worlds don't always fuse together as
neatly as the Yama Kings would like.

It cannot be said that the Thousand Hells want for
variety. Never have the techniques employed in Yomi been
so varied as they are now, and never have the Yama Kings
been so insistent that their victims suffer the maximum
possible amount of pain before being restored to full health
for the next round. Thugs and idiots can always be tortured
through simple physical agony, but the refined and educated
victims of the modern age call for more ingenuity. From this
simple realization came the impetus for the creation of
places such as the Hell of Eternal Paralysis, the Hell of
Unceasing Failure, the Hell of Exquisitely Slow Disintegra-
tion, the Hell of the Ceaselessly Violated Spouse and the
Hell of Absolute Self-Loathing and Self-Sabotage (among
many, many others). These so-called "subtle hells" are very
much in vogue at the moment, and the mental anguish they
generate pleases the Yama Kings greatly.

There is a great deal of hope in the Yomi World, but it
all belongs to the Yama Kings. Everyone else suffers. The
demon lords congratulate themselves as they watch the
Middle Kingdom drift inexorably toward Yomi. They see
only one barrier to their ultimate control of the entire world,
and that is the ancient agreement that limits theirinfluence
to the Middle Kingdom and nowhere else. They cannot
watch events in the Western world unfold as they can §py on
the happenings of the Middle Kingdom, nor can theyidi-
rectly affect any creature of the West. Those portions of the
world which are not a partl@f the Middle Kingdom are
completely free of their direct influence. Thiiismonto.say
that they cannot gather reports from well-traveled akumaor
from the demons of the Western world, omeven through
news broadcasts, but the Yama Kings,éan't play with the
fates of Westerners as they can,those of thedénizens of the
Middle Kingdom. Though every Yama King pursues his or
her own preferred method of working around the ancienr
agreement —sending akuma to the West to do their workfor
them and expanding the influence of the Middle Kingdom
to new shores (i.e., into Chinatowns across North America)
— powerful forces are working against them t6 keep their
influence contained. Such resistance infuriates the Yama
Kings beyond all other things, and they constantly search
for evidence of a concerted effort against them, but thus far
they have found none.


Tue Tapestry oF ¥«

The Orner Worins

The Yomi World is connected to both the Yin World
and the Yang, World. The bridge to Yin and the bridge to,
Yang are "at antipodes, and the stresses caused by being
connected to'two worlds so vastly different from each other
takes its toll on every inhabirane of the Thousand Hells.

The Scarlet Pathand the Ehon Road are the bridges by
which Yomi is connectedito the Yang and Yin Worlds,
tespectively. These areas extend ffom Yomi but are not
entirely part of it. They are borderlands where the Yama
Kings' power isn't quite as absolute as it is in Yomi proper,
and fugitives occasionally try to take advantage of this.
When wars break out between Yomi and the spirit worlds,
these connective realms make for horrific no man's landsy
and the casualty rates skyrocket as forces clash on an inher-
ently malevolent battlefield.

Wars with the Yang World are almost unheard of. The
more jaded denizens of Yomi would say that that's because
the Yama Kings and the Maeljin Incarna are too busy
sending gifts of souls back and forth to get around to fighting'
each other; less cynical, observers simply note that! the
potential gain can't possibly be\worth the horrific cost.
While there is a constant exchange of flesh and other goods
going between Malfeas and Yomi, the primary reason that
the Yama Kings and Maifeans aren'tat each other's throats
is that they have too much:in common — everything, in

'
7

Hew Can Be Fou!

Any character making the trek through Yomi
oralong the Scarlet Path or Ebon Road should be
expecting unpleasantness. This is Hell, after all.

b The trip is not supposed to be pleasant. j

Hell is also unpredictable; some visitors lead
charmed existences, while others are punished

‘mere seconds after entering Yomi. As a result,
there is no rigid system for deciding when a
character is suitably Yin imbalanced to become
fungus-infested or fly-swarmed. Storytellers
should simply look at a particular character's Yin
rating and go from there. Any character strongly
imbalanced toward Yin will, of course, be be-
sieged almost every round by flies, fungi or some-
thing worse. A character with more balance in
her Chi might be ignored for a bit longer, and a
Yang-imbalanced character almost blends in.

Storytellers are cautioned against going too

| lightly on characters in the Yomi World. These }
| are the hells of the Middle Kingdom; the com-
bination of the concentrated malevolence of
the World of Darkness and the terrors lurking in
the Goblin Jungle should be suitably menacing.
It is entirely possible that without assistance,
the trip down into Yomi ends fatally for all
concerned. Players should be aware of that go-
ing in, and should be prepared for the conse-
quences of their travel. |

fact, except sphere of influence. Just as the Yama Kings have
no direct power in the West, the Maeljin Incarna have'no
direct power in the Middle Kingdom. Were there the slight
est possibility of one taking over the territory of the other,
all hells would break loose, and the spirit worlds would shake
with the fury of the battles.

It is different in the Yin World. The Jade Emperor was
insulted most egregiously when the Yama Kings invaded,
atid.he has done everything in his power to uncreate the
Ebon Road. Yu Huang still remembers quite clearly the
rooms of his palace that were polluted and ripped away by
the Yama Kings\to create their foullittle Yomi World, and
he waits for the moment of his ultimate vengeance.

Thousands of little skirmishes andthe occasional hot
war between Yomi and Yin have been fought along the
length,of the Ebon Road, and the only outcome is that the
Road drains more Chi and grows ever wider. Lately ir has
taken'a major/event, such a Great Maelstrom, to rile the
Yama Kings: They seem soysatisfied with themselves and
their(progress in' the Middle Kingdom that they hardly
Notice eyents in the Yin World at allywith the exception of
Wu Hua, who can't help but be/aware of them.

The Scarier PatH

The febrile and demon-infested spirit bridge linking
Yomi and the Yang World isicalled the Scarlet Path) While
easier to find than the Ebon Road, the Scarlet Path is
considered by many to be notably more dangerous. In addi-
tion to sporting minor hells that mar its length like boils, the
Searle Path is a breeding ground for spirits of plague and
pestilence. An unwary traveler could brave the path, escape
swarms of malevolene insects, defeat hideous demons and
make it to the Yang World only to fall over dead of kuru or
advanced syphilis. Such are the dangers of defiled Yang Chi.

The Scarlet Path is hard to miss from any point in Yomi.
The amountiof traffic passingalong it between the Thou-
Sand Hells and the Western hell of Malfeas makes it one of
the most noticeable landmarks in the corruption realm. It
has "on ramps" in most of the Yang-aspected kingdoms of
the Yomi World; these are marked by heavy traffic, wayposts
and occasional defensive encampments, The Path itself
stands out from its surroundings by its particular mixturé of
sickly, web-infested jungle trees and sticky red mud. The
continuous procession of bakemono, Goblin Spiders, de-
tons, akuma, emissaries, fugitives, slaves and others who
traverse it make the difference more obvious yet. Scores of
wagons, rikshaws and tanks travel at excruciatingly slow
speeds in both directions through diseased and aggressive
vegetation that constantly must be hacked or burned away.

Most of the length of the Path appears as thick jungle
rising up out of rich red mud. The trees along'the Path are
gnarled and cankered, but when hacked down, they grow
back at a rate fast enough to be witnessed by the naked eye.
The vines strangling the trees are fibrous, sticky and thorned,
and the flowers, while spectacularly beautiful, are poisonous
to smell or touch. A reddish sun shines down on the path
continuously, keeping the heat and humidity very high.
Luckily for the Kuei-jin, this sun is just a souvenir drawn
from the fears of nuclear holocaust. It was much brighter in

The (Yang) Crysra: MetHop

Yangstones are one of the most dangerous pitfalls
in the Goblin Jungle because they're as enticing as they
are deadly. The euphoric rush associated with holding.
@ yangstone is one of the most pleasurable sensations
most creatures, especially Kuei-jin, can ever feel: The
Yang charge contained in each of these gems floods the
holder with the most ecstatic sensations of life, and the
‘Hungry Dead yearn for that with a longing unimagin-
able to the living.

While holding a yangstone, a vampire behaves as
if she has three more points of Yang Chi than she
actually does. While this "illusory Yang" counts with
regard to Yang Chi totals and Chi imbalance (and its
concomitant side effects), it can't be used for anything
constructive. A Kuei-jin with one point of Yang Chi in
her body and three yangstones would feel like she had
10 points of Yang Chi and would behave as if heavily
imbalanced toward Yang. Even if she spent her last
actual. point of Yang Chi, she would still believe she
had nine points of Chi — until she was disabused of
that notion by trying to call upon nonexistent Chi or
the yangstones were taken from her. No one ever gives
up yangstones of their own free will.

Example: Li-Tsang, the most revered Devil-Tiger
ancestor of Shanghai, has a permanent Yang Chi of 6.
Ifshe picks up one yangstone, she feels as ifshe has nine
points of Yang Chi in her body. Ifshe'unwisely picks up
a second yangstone, she feels as' if she has a full 10
points of Yang Chi, but two points of her own narutal
Chiare displaced, flowing out of her bodyand presum-
ably tothenearest dragon line. Ifshe isso rash as topick
upa third yangstone, not only does she grow jittery and
start hallucinating, but she also displaces three more

points of her own Yang Chi. Only when the yangstones >

‘are taken from her will she realize that she has only one
actual point of Yang Chi left.

Yangstones do have one constructive application
to Kuei-jin: They can help those vampires who have
become ch'ing shih due to long-term Yin imbalance lose
their corpselike appearance. For each month that a
ch'ing shih wears a yangstone (and suffers the conse-
quences of doing so), the stone returns one dot in the
Appearance Attribute lost to the ch'ing shih condition.
More than one stone can be used this way, provided the
Kuei-jin is willing to suffer the consequences of a Chi
imbalance in order to do 30. A yangstone corrodes.to
dust immediately after returning one point of Appear-
ance to.a ch'ing shih.

Only the chi'n ta have the skills to coax the energy
from a yangstone, which is to them simply another
form of Tass,

the ‘50s, almost insufferably so, but in the lastdecade-it has »
Begun to dim. It still casts moreslightsrtian most of the
denizens 6f,the Path aresomfortable with. Bi

A traveler trying to get on the Path has to determine
how best to navigate his\way through the dangerous mass '
of.thick trees and hostile inseétsywishout gerting lost or ©
eaten. While it may be tempting to try following one of the
many "official" caravans of lost souls along the Pathy such |
tactics are nearly impossible. The pitiless sun and extreme
humidity generate mirages that can turn a traveler around
entirely, even if it seems as though she's only féet behind
her guide. Branches just hacked through drip caustic sap on
anyone caught beneath them, and worst of all, the sap
marks the poor individual it drips on as food or egg-host for
the Path's enormous swarms of ants, hornets, mosquitoes,
ticks and spiders.

Any traveler along the Scarlet Path who is not heavily
imbalanced toward Yang seems dead in comparison to the
rest of this realm, and the denizens of the Path respond
accordingly. Enormous flies will seek lay eggs on a victim;
once hatched, those eggs grow into boring maggots that
tunnel throughout the traveler's flesh. Various lurid-col-
ored fungi begin growing on the traveler's skin if not care-
fully watched for; left untended, such growths consume
their victims within the space of a few days. If a traveler is
imbalanced toward Yin, these horrors are intensified ten-
fold. Few experiences could be more unpleasant or lethal for
a follower of the Song of the Shadow Dharma than a trip
along the Scarlet Path.

Any attempt to rest while on the Scarlet Path almost
certainly ends unpleasantly. Hungry green shoots or ten-
drils, dripping with a sticky nectar that is both caustic and
anesthetic, start groping toward bodies that remain at rest
for more than a moment or two (Dexterity #/Brawlhpdiffi-
culty 5 to hit; Perception [difficulty 7] for a target tonoti
anything wrong while the sap erodes health level pet turn'
The powerful anesthetic agent in the nectar prevents the
victim from feeling anything as the vine slowly. dissoly
target. Many fugitives, exhausted by their escape from Ye
have rested a moment too long in the jungles of th® Séarler
Path and never taken another step.

The creatures inhabiting the Path, borhiflora and fauna, _
tend to be spirits representing the worsthightmare imagesiof"
the natural world. Asa result théy arecapable of complete!
unnatural behaviors; thus, @ Swarm of army ants, for ex-
ample, deviate from their path in order to engage unwanted)
guests of the realm, roots pop up to trip careless tfavelérs,
and the gigantic phoenixes that swarm the skies above the
Path take careful aim when they spit napalm of travelers
below. In short, any way in which nature could have gone
wrong has gone wrong — and all of the unpleasantness gets
directed at any intruders.

The most common hazard encountered in the Goblin
Jungle is the nation of goblins themselves. Goblins are
nothing so much as a grab bag of human and animal features
grafted ontoa roughly humanoid frame; hideous mismatches

i


‘The Taptstey oF Yous

ate common occurrences. Worse yet, goblins possessa ma-
levolent cunning that makes them terrible and persistent
enemies. Goblins hunt for pleasure as much as for suste-
nance; they take great joy in terrifying, trapping and other-
wis¢ tormenting their prey before devouring it (preferably
alive). It's all part of the sport for these twisted nature
Spirits.

The most malevolent andyhated inhabitants of the
Path, however, are the Kumo. The Goblin Jungle is used by
the Hattar Goblin Spiders as breeding grounds. If the Kumo
were to call any place a homeland, this would be it. Some
Goblin Spiders have suggested, under extreme duress, that
the Kumo make their lairs in the Goblin Jungle because it is
therethat they guard their queen until she can be freed from
the stone in which she was imprisoned. That story, however,
is only. a rumor, and not a common one.

Kumo webs are so thick in some areas that passage
through the miasma is extremely laborious and time-con-
suming, when it is possible at all. The Kumo seduce (or
kidnap) appropriate breeding stock and bring their mates to
the web-homes in the tallest trees along the Scarlet Path,
commonly making deals as necessary with Yama Kings to
allow free passage through Yomi or the Yang World. Most
Yama Kings allow this passage, as the Kumo are some of their
» best:soldiers; in exchange, the Kumo are responsible for
~ huntingdown unauthorized travelersalong the Scarlet Path.
This agreement works well for the'spider demons, providing
thém with all the blood and Chi they might ever need.

While the maturéof the Path»assures that everything
‘Onit is defiled or at least imbalanced, itremains verymuch:
aliving world, and living things, given time, can adapt to
any enyironment. There are tiny enclaves along the Scar-
~ let Path comprised of'fugitives who have adapted to this
malevolent environment. Called'Crazy Monkeys, rhese
kers in the shadows'siitvive primarily by virtue of their
hard-won knowledge of this liminal realm. They may
"occasionally attack small caravans (or other fugitives) to
? acquire needed goods:like metal.tools or cloth. Most offi-
‘cial caravans, though, carry nothing more than.the seem-
© ingly-endless reciprocal gifts:of souls and innocent flesh
"exchanged between the Yama Kings and Maeljin Incarna.
" Many of the Crazy Monkeys are originally from Southeast
» Asia, near the Golden Courts of the Penangallan, and more
"than a few have had experience with guerrilla warfare at
‘Some pointin their existences. The Crazy Monkeys like to
‘think that they are fighting a guerrilla war against the
Yama Kings (or the demons of the West, ot whoever they
saw most recently before escaping to the Goblin Jungle)
that may eventually weaken the demon lords enough to tip
the balance against them. Mortals. and shen of all types,
especially hengeyokai and chi'n ta, a8pwell as the occa-
sional overzealous Shih, have been found in the ranks of
the Crazy Monkeys, and they do their best to utilize their
various arts and skills against demons without bringing
down the full wrath of the Yama Kings.

Needless to say, most,6f the Crazy Monkeys are in fact
crazy. Their hatred of the Yama Kings goes so far that they

may remain in the Goblin Jungle even after they find a way
back to the mortal world. While the Crazy Monkeys" idealism
may be beyond question, their rationality isnot. Any traveler
seeking out the Crazy Monkeys had best be prepared to
embark upon a nearly impossible quest in a thoroughly ma-
levolent environment followed by an excruciating initiation
—and that's if everything goes well. If things don't go well,
the traveler had best be prepared to reach the end of his
eurrent incarnation in a spirit realm composed of the hatred,
rage and pain of the ages. Paranoia, particularly as pertaining
to spies of the Yama Kings, is one of the most common
afflictions among the Crazy Monkeys.

The Scarlet Path has nearly unlimited surprises for the
unwary traveler. From time to time, the thick red mud of the
Path yields an intensely bright red or green gem. Yangstones,
as these crystals arevcalled, are common and have nowalue
in Yomi or Malfeas,though theyvare highly. coveted else-
wheres Lightning People, in particular, find them desirable
for the mysti€ energies they contain: Carrying a yangstone
gives its possessora surge of self-confidence anda feeling of
exhilaration. Asingle stone makes a traveler impatient and
impetuous. More than one and' she is rendered utterly
manic. Those who. bear multiple stones feel powerful, un-
stoppable and in extreme cases almost godlike, and don't
hesitate to rush into ill-advised situations while under the
stones' influence, Carrying three or more yangstones assures
the traveler a fascinating series of visions, and the halluci-
nations caused by yangstones are always of a variety to push
the carriérinto unwise action. at the worst possible moment.
Possession of a yangstone has led more than on@Kuei-jin to
commit Aéts:of Blindness. The Scarlet Path is home to
many, Many manic chik-mei wearing entire necklaces of
yangstones, generally interspersed with finger bones, bits of
scalpand teeth — alladded for their aesthetic value.

Near its terminus in the Yang World, the Scarlet Path
branches and twists like the roots of an enormous tree as it
blends with the ten thousand realms of the Yang World. The
primary trunk of the Path feeds directly into the gigantic
Western hell called Malfeas. Myriad smaller branches feed
into the Realm of Fighting Spirits, the Realm of Atrocities
and the Realm of the Great Abyss. Many tiny alternative
paths feed into other realms and zones of the Yang World. A
very small minority of them are even said to wind up insuch
unpolluted realms as Shangri La and the Hollow Earth, but
it is widely known that such hopeful tales are merely legend.
If the Scarlet Path were to connect to an unpolluted realm,
however, that realm would surely have an immensely pow-
erful guardian to keep demons from sweeping in like a storm
surge and laying waste to all that stood in their way.

Tht Eson Roan

The Ebon Road connects Yomi to the Yin World like a
smooth black shard of bone; it links the Yomi World to the
Dark Kingdoms of the Dead and is the sole means of direct
passage between the two. Were it within his power to do so,
the Jade Emperor would have destroyed the Ebon Road
moments after it was created, but he can no more annihilate


ste traffic to a ge me | Few souls can find! aie Road,
fewer still know'the secrets of traveling it!

Whether approaching from Yomi of from the | iat
world that ipeonnects to, the Ebon Road is impossible to
find, or nearly so, without a clear understanding of the
auspicious times and places for its manifestationgThe Ro
is always extant somewhere, but rarely is it predictable in
appearance, and it is petmeated with "not-there-ness." No
standard map is capable of leading to it, and even great feats
of magic can miss it unless the seeker is very knowledgeable
about the exact nature of the Road. It is notable for its
blackness in dark places and for its silence in quiet places,
and composed of the cold, metallic substance of corrupt Yin.

Even those souls fortunate enough to find the Ebon
Path out of Yomi are forced to traverse the Pit of Salt and
Iron, ruled by the Yama King Wu Hua, or the Hell of Ti-
tsang Wang. Should any intrepid souls manage to pass
through those dark places, it is only to find themselves in the
deepest reaches of the Grand Caverns of the Yin World,
with Spectres and shifting Labyrinth walls. Travelers know
this intuitively; they realize that there is no point to their
journey, and that they may as well give up. Continuing is
only a greater trauma, and going back the way they came
simply returns them to the agonies of Yomi.

In truth, the Road's intended effect is to instill such a
weariness in travelers that they give up and let the path
drink the Chi from their souls. Thus does the Ebon Path
insinuate itself into the minds of all but the strongest-willed
who travel upon it. For this reason, the Ebon Path is
sometimes called, "The Little Hell of Despair."

Being so difficult to find, the Path is not often used as
a means of travel between Yomi and the Yin World. Only
the Yama Kings and their greatest generals, who know the
secrets of the dark road intimately, can travel with any
regularity, and they're happy with the situation. While
using the Scarlet Path as a trade route with the demons of
the West is all well and good, making the carefully con-
structed Yomi World accessible to creatures obsessed with
destruction and Oblivion is thought by even the most
strongly Yin-aspected Yama Kings to be unwise.

No light shines along the Ebon Road, No sun, moon,
stars or glowing fungi cast any sort of light, so any kind of
illumination acts as a beacon to whatever travels along the
Road — or scours it for prey,

The Ebon Road is made more difficult to traverse due
to the fact that the road itself is as hard and slippery as
black ice. Due to its extreme smoothness, only the most
dexterous traveler can tread the Ebon Path without slip-
ping. Wise travelers stay far from the edge; slipping off the
edge of the Road and into the Tempest tends to be a final
and fatal error. Should a traveler lose her balance and fall
(a near certainty unless special measures are taken), the
Road saps Chi from her; mere contact with the stuff of the
road is enough to initiate the drain. The Road steals Yang

Spectral feet grind these remnants to dust) which blows ~

th. The Road is littered with "A eroding statues of
$ betavelers who have suffered this'fate. Eventually (as
time is reckoned along the Road), Tempest winds and

away into the Tempest. It is said that one or two of the

"Yama Kings enjoy decorating their hells with Ebon Road

statuary, but no method has yet been devised whereby a
traveler drained in this fashion can be restored to life.

The only creatures to travel the Ebon Road with any
frequency are Spectres or the occasional Plasmic that
somehow manages to wander onto the Road (or falls from
the Tempest onto it). Spectres from the lower castes may
find the Ebon Road an intriguing diversion from the
Labyrinth's familiar terrors, and may not be in any rush to
get back home.

There are a few creatures that exist on the Ebon Road
and almost nowhere else. Perhaps the most frightening
beings are the disturbing entities called the Unfaced Ones,
though certain Yama Kings, notably Emma-o, have im-
ported them to their own hells to use as watchdogs and pack
hounds. The Unfaced Ones are the rag-draped twisted wreck-
age of Spectres that have lingered too long on the Road.
Nothing shows beneath their tattered swaths, and they
unfailingly wear masks that they've stolen, forged or snatched
using dark powers of the Yin World. Despite their decrepit
forms, the Unfaced Ones are incredibly fast and can pursue
their prey for long distances at high speeds. It isnot for their _
speed, however, and certainly not for their fighting prowess —
that such monsters are legendary. When the Unfaced Ones ©
remove their masks, they expose the utter blackness of the.
Void that pulls their victim in like a strong riptide. Wher }
several Unfaced Ones unmask simultan, ‘ously, victims are
ripped apart and sucked straight to Ob! ‘Yin-aspected
Yama Kings make frequent use of Unfaced! Ones because
their speed makes them good hunters, and the ‘oceasional
direct sacrifice to Oblivion certainly doesnig/hurt a Yama
King's position in the Yin World. It isclear that the U
Ones are Spectres of some ilk, , butwhat-broughtithem to!
Ebon Road and what caused their unholy transformation is
unknown. Certain scholars suspect that the answer ¢an be!
found in their name, and that the Unfaced Ones afe Spée-
tres who have lost face through improper actions onbehalf
of the Yama Kings.

As a traveler gets closer to the world of ghosts, a great
storm closes in around the Road. This is the Tempest of the
Yellow Springs, and the intensity of the storm is one of the
few ways in which a traveler can gauge his progress toward
the Yin World.

Near its end, the Ebon Road divides into smaller twin
paths. Should a traveler take the descending fork, she
eventually finds herself in the Pit of Salt and Iron, which lies
at the foot of the Road in the Yin World proper. The wails

}
|
i

:


) The Tapesrar oF Yous.

‘ofthe spiritsand Kuei-jin impaled on thespires of WuHua's
(towers mix with the shifting Tempest winds to create a
\ threnody that can be heard long before its source is visible.
WMost Wise travelers turn backjar that point and attempt to
take the othénfork, only to discover that they seem to have
lost their way. While it:is possibleto find the Ebon Road
again by using Whatever knowledge or technique got the
Ataveleron the Path ifijthe first place, doing so takes an
# intense search and a great deal of time — plenty of time for
/ Wu Huals servants to find stragglers®Once a traveler has
| béen captured and aggressively interrogated by several ech-
~ dlonsof Wu Hua's army, it is likely that her voice will be
7 added to that of thelother screaming souls impaled upon on
_ the'spires) and her trayels will be at an end.
‘ Theother path slopes upward and deposits travelerson
the slopes of the jagged mountain upon which Ti Yu, the
Earth Prison of Ti-tsang Wang, is built. The path is heavily
guarded by Yu Huang's servants and "demon jailers," and
before long anyoné taking this route stumbles into an im-
penetrable palisade of heavily armed guards. The travelers,
having forfeited a "fair" trial, arésent on the long journey to
Hell detailed on page 90 in Dark Kingdom of Jade.
Leaping from the edgé of the Ebon Road before the
Road splits sends a character spinning off into the Tempest,
» inal likelihood never to be heard from again (unless the
Character knows the Argos Arcanos, ot there is some form of
intervention). Leaping from the edge of the Ebon Road after
the bifarcation sends the character into the Tempest as well,
but the winds aréinétably weaker by that point, and instead
elf drifting the traveler falls.a great distance while-being
buffeted by winds andhit by sttay objects. 'Afteran indeter-
minate time in free fall (more thai a second but less than a
lifetime; timemovesiioddlyvon the borders of Yomi), the

25
f ,

The Siprery SLope
‘ The Ebon Road is so slippery that characters are
not able to trayerse it on foot, but there is literallyno
way for them to know this ahead of time. Players
§ should roll Dexterity at the beginning of each turn
their characters are on the Road. The difficulty to
walk normally is 8; difficulty 6 is necessary just to
stand still. If the roll produces a failure, the character
falls and loses one point of Chi. If he gets any 1s, he
also loses one health level, as a result of his harsh
contact with the Road. Storytellers should give char-
acters the opportunity to return to their starting point
; once they realize their situation. The Ebon Road is a }
death trap only for the unclever. Skating, flying or
otherwise passing over the Road without touching it
drastically improves travelers' survival rates; it is only
the foolish or stubborn who insist on trying to defeat
it on its own terms.

\

traveler cémes to rest/somewhere in the bowels of the
Labyrinth, and must deal with its perils and pitfalls. (see
Doomslayers: Into the Labyrinth fot more information.)
While the Ebon Road is by no means an easy means of
travel between Yomiand the Yin World, there are rumors of
a handful of skilled operatives in the Yellow Springs who
have‘ tried to create a sort. of "underground railroad" to free
theiimprisoned soulSiof. loved ones from the Yama Kings. It
seems unlikely that the Jade Emperor would allow Such a
thing, but he is nor necessarily aware of everything that goes
Onin his Empire.


This is whére.chégatés of hell.swing Wide.

aS ~_--eXomi.is.first'and foremost a place of tormentDepiavity,
~ ib » horror'and:peryetsion are the rile, not theexceptidh. Those

KU (Gili. Tire EFéaitures who find themselves content here'ife monsters
(ANS ~ li,theemiest sense-of the word'

Lost and tormented souls are the most numerous inhabit-
"ants of Yomi. Theyspenddecade after. decade being.rayaged by

the Yama K ingsand their servants;.in-Yomi mere human souls
Jare*little-more ‘than, commiodities-tovbe acquired), used and

‘if Zy ‘tadéd'away, Though sdine of theybravest and strongest souls
= Escape to'returii'to the Middle Kingdom, mést are coridemned
IZ to an etétnity in, Yomi's coils)
ce * | Thé*true"size Gf Yomi is unknown. Themttiost-accurate
~#F Téading atiyone has taken'6f the-démoit'world. is more'philo-
> sophical tharifactual. Yori isto6'small tohidéin, but too large
<4 to destroy, and. just latge enough to holdall tHe sdtils thatend.
and up therer@ursiderscall'the Yorni Wan the Thousand Hells, but
oo how many. plaées of,torment there. really.at®vis,a"mystery; a
&S D» thousand wouldseém, tobe a conservative estittiate There are
Ww even those who believe thatthe exact nuttiberofhells chariges
>| ith the whitiSiof ‘the Yama, Kings. Im the endy*thoughs' the
CA "Bumber of hells doesit't Matter, save perhaps to thé YamaKings:
<< a "themselves. The souls kepewithin Yomi Can onlydwell'in one
s Dp hell'at a time, and that'smiéte than enoigh.
VLy
Y
aw = =

27

FNE MAP OF
DAMNATION:
LEOLRKAPHY

Suspjvisjons

Yomi is divided into domains, also called "hélls" by.somes
Most domains.aré ruled directly by a particailar Yama'King or
a thusted setvantuthereof. Domains vary/in size from vast to
cramped, in accOrdanee with their specific functions. Some
Hold tincountedsotils, others contaifi just one, but all are
precisely as large as they need to be.

It goes without saying-that Yomi is the most hostile place
known to the denizens of the Middle'Kingdom. The worst
torments the‘fands of che living can offer are as nothing before
the éxquisite heights-of pain and!terrorthat Yomi produces as
a matter of Coutse..Without the proper preparation andyaid,
even the bravest Kuei-jin is likely to lastonly a few hours in
Yomi before'suécumbing to the'literally hellish conditions.

The Heits Unmasrep

Disted below are some of ché'largest'and most notorious or,
interesting domains in Yomi: The'list ts,.byino means exhaus-
tive —it has been noted elsewher@thatth@Kuei-jin have gor
a lSteof hells — but it does serve to,show the varied ways in
Whith souls are tormented here..Fach entry is' described' as
follows:

28 mr = @

The Name

This is what the hell is most often called'by those who
know of its existence. Some hells may goby multiple names;
but here is where you'll find its most. cémmion title.

The Hellscape

This section details the overall atmosphere or nature'of
the domain. This is not: meant'to be-a/detailed tour, but
rather a general overview.

Places of Note

Whether it's the palace of thé Yama King, thescétitral
torture installations or the main arteriesit/Or out, every hell
has.at least'a few locations, that deserve close attention:
Here is where your characters may find Some notable*ob-
stacles, goals, antagonists or information:

Denizens

This section describes the créatures'that dwell inthe
specific domain. The inhabitants'of a given hellare typi-
cally the primary servants of the Yama Kings who tule
there, and it is they who pose the greatest.threat:to the
damned and the-unwary.

Kaxurj: THe Nicht Reauw

Desolate and hostile, lightless and cold,.Kakuri epito*
mizes the most corruptmanifestation of the Yin'principle:
Emma-o, lord.of the Japanese nightworld and perhaps the
greatest ofall the Yama Kings, rulesthis grim kingdom of the
dead. Even those who visit this place but briefly find thatthe
horrors of Kakuri still haunt their souls yeats later.

The first thing visitors notice, should they live long
enough, is that there is no,end tothe darkness. No light
blemishes the eternal night that Emma-o prefers, There is
no dawn to bring hope to those imprisoned here: Sometimes
the snow thatblankets the hellish landscape gives.offa faint
white light, but this soft glow is just enotigh to-allow the
tormented to watch their own unending mutilation.

The winds of Kakuri are bitterly cold' Bearing:dag-
gér-shafp ice crystals, they gust through clothes and tear
at the tender flesh underneath. Facing into:the wind in
Kakuri-is‘an excellent way to blind one's elf, and'some
unfortunate travelers‘haye been flayed:down tothe bone
ina matter of minutes by. particularly fiercé'squalls. Most
times, Kakuri itselfis sufficitentrorment to it®prisoners'to
keep Emma-o satisfied.

Fires, when they can be kindled here/»provide no
wafmthe'They instead produce aipale blue light for. afew'
moments,thén flicker and diein.the incessant winds. The
lly sufficient to
draw. the attention of any souls trapped nearby, not to

brief flash Of illamination, however, is usua

mention any of Emma*o's'servitorsiin visual range as well.
Souls seeing the flicker ofan outside light Source often set
up'a clamor in hopes-of being-réscued. The noise,instead
brings more demonic attention; which makes,things less
pleasant forall concerned.

The basie geography of Kakuri mimics thanof northern'
Japart: The groundhis rocky. and*frozenpwittrercep nour
tain' ridges and rare bubbling Kot springs. Unlike its coun-
terpart in the Middle Kingdom, which'can'support a few,


Mar or Dasmarjon: Grognapiy

communities, this hell gives nothing#to its inhabitants.
Where traveler might find a small'meadow when travers»
ing the Middle Kingdom, tip¥omiithé familiar landscape
instead produces a field of tiny black blades, ripping the
flesh of the unwary. Rocks, cliffs and beaches are made of
Modul blackicrystal that leeches the energies of those who
test upon them. Though a few settlements and shelters
sexist-here, théy are frequented only by the minions of
» Emma-o.. Th'soulsiof the damned imprigoned here tend to
_ Wander aimlessly, trying in vain to avoid the slow torture
"of this placé® Visitors to this realaw€dn sometiiiesisee, the:
"oollls, of those, who have been"fully "absorbed by Kakuti's
tétraintimprisoned inside the" crystal cliffs and boulders»
These trappedisouls are beyond help;-they are as.mitch &
~part‘Of therealm as EmmaowPassetsby€an still hear their,
~ swailS of torment, but attempts toshateer the.crystal"only,
tebound. on-the would-be restuets

Eyenvif one mahagesto ayoidibeing whittled' down Gr
suckedidry/by the landscape, thereare still greateritéffors in
wait, The essencé(6f the hell itself wears away the spirit of
the imprisoned. The effect first makes itself known as a
) general sense of listlessness, in time growing into a feeling of,
rootless, painful dread. Eventuallyythose trappediittKakuri
want nothing'so much as to surrender themselves ‘to.the
_eefidless cold,-laying-down,ro Sleeprand Gwakening inipris"
-oried .by-the-landsCape "itselfa. In"time, everithe fiercest
W Wartiors~abandon, their willto "go onjegivingpineto the.
hopelessniéss'that, is everywhere in.chis domain. Evert thosé
few who havevescapéd.this hell elaim that there are nights
hen, they tan, stillfeelthe-biting airofKakuri blowing
actos their skin, and-can hear the muted wailsof trapped'
» souls: Many of these Tefugee' are-so"Haurited, hat they end
theif own existéfees rathér than'cOntinue with dread'gnaw-
ing them.hollow:
¢ Kakuriisalso calledthe Shikome Hell,""anamederived
fromthe priitary, setvantSof Emma-owhodwell here, These
Sofeniiale Wemons;.aktima Who ‘were seduced*bY the power of
Emma-o, are amongithe Most, prevalent of all monstrosities

here, Shikome'ate quite bedutifulyandthePembody riot only.

ness*of*Yin.gone horribly wrong. The demons delight in
tipping Chi. and strength of will from the strongest of the
dooniéd ie Kakuri, Speeding-those "prisoners "descent, into
despair. SémerimesishikomevareSibtlevand approach, their
Victims in the guise of fellow prisoners'seeking:aid or wear-
ing the facés,of old lovers omfriéndsyWhen thef are angry
(which is uire"oftet), the demons simply, attackeany they
happen.upon. Regardless of approach, theresuilt ofashikome's
‘atténtionsiis always. the'Same;the victim's life energies pour
into the-shikome, leaving-tHe hapless Soul "to, wandér the
frozenyWastes*weakened_.and" maimed. "The Shikdmésome~
times léad*tertibl@ hunting parties. cotfposéthof*a host of
lesser ser¥itors, so a&t provide-themsel¥es With Entertain-
ment in the,unending night.

As one moféactof Spire)Emmar6'creared Kakuri'as the
antithesis of hondr, Thetearéno grand battles hereyri6 great
\\ challenges to acéeptnorany bragging cnétiiics to"Oppose'
Kakuri is a place wherethéte isnoduty,no honoranid noway

to escape. There.are no devils to devour thé iflesh»of the
damned, no pits of burning oil, no grand ministries! of
torment. Ina world without light, withotit honor and with-
out hopé; there'don'tineed to be.

the-power oftheir lord;but alsorth€ perfect feminine cold-- PLACES OF NOTE

Kyupen no Karury

"The Casele of Kakuri" is the only glorious place in this
hell, andvhas'been Carefully situated at the topof an enor-
mous peak to'ftender it unassailable. This is thestronghold
of Emma-0,andits elaborate obsidian walls and battlements'
are a testimony t6 his*Vanity.and.conceit. The castle is
guarded bythe Yamai/King's most potent shikome, «who
attend himas yojimmbo (bodyguards) dindgeisha. Soulstrapped
in'Kakurihearistrangé'souinds coming down from the moun-
taityemaking them wonder about whatpetyersion goes on
Within, while reminding thent'6fth®earthly pleasures they
Wwill'never experience agains

On those rare occasions when Emma-o allows others
tfitocKyuden no Kakuti, they are kept in the cotirtyards and
lowér levels.of the black palacesNo one, save Emma-ouand
his most crusted servants, has ever beef allowed into the
innersancta. The Yama King keeps those places/barred from

even his most honored guests, not that many would desire,to
enter. What Emma-o keeps there remains the topieofmuch
concern among the other Yama Kings.

Tue Cave or Majpens

One of'Emma-o's favored traps in Kakuriythe Cave of
Maidens*is where theishikome spend the-majority of their
time. Certain Kuei-jin who have escaped(orbeen*let go,
under suspect cifcumstances) claimthat the'Cave of Maid-
ens is. the cruelest of the torments:in Kakuri becatise it isa
place of false hope:

Chilled*travelers:entering the\cave believe,they haye
found', wayGut Of Yomi, The small caye-appearsitd be an
oasis from tormenvand sometimes a passage to the Middle
KingdomiA pearly sheencovets the Walls.of the cave;
ing them'to'glow withapleasant light. Edible fungi that
both smell-and'taste 6f honeyed tice grow throughout, the
eave. Most importantly, the Winds that wear away'the souls
of those imprisoned in, this hell are still within the ¢ave's
walls. Thecavern appears
and rest:

bg

inal ways to be a place of peace

Upon entering the caye;lost'souls are,always met by
fellow "prisofiers" who have also beén so fortunatéas to find
this placey These fellow'souls are. always young gitls of great
beauty whoseem wearied by. their'stiffeting/and who seem
lost, lonelyand vulnerable aswell: At first the maidensseem:
to be-shy-and_actiafraid, but after.a-brief time they attach
themselves.co chéic néw. companions: Briefl ypthe "maidens"
dote*on'their visitors*and'go to ay lengths:to bring them

comfort and pleasure, butonly briefly. It is rarely long before
the true horror strikes.

‘At an unspoken signal, the shikome cease their ministra-
tions and accusé'the party of inappropriate behavior: steal-
ing a weapon,tape, murder and worse. If thé victimshaven't
figured out'they've been played for foolsythey.are quickly.cut
down'as punishment for their "crimes" and‘deiven fromthe
cave back intothe wastes of Kakuri. The martial prowess of,
the shikome is generally enough to force evetma powerful wit
of Kuei-jin from the cave, and there are always more demon
temptresses whio.canibe called upon if the victimsshowsigns

Of putting up astiffiresistance.

The most insidious aspect of the Gaye of Maidensiis the
way, inhwhichiis, catches the same'victimSigversand over
again. The powers ofthe shikome toumake mentfist.thent
ean work again and again, so even.a spirit.chat has. been'
teasediand betrayed nine times still fallsfor the raise a tenth.

There is a Secret to the Cave of Maidens that even
most shikome don'tiknow: For one in every several million
souls that comes through the Cave of Maidens, it truly is a
place of tranquillity. Souls who find the cayeywhd ate of
Ainu blood, and who are relativelyy¢émpassionate. and
just, see the shikome for what they are but.carmavoidithem
and instead follow a faint, fragrant breezeito, the back of the
cave, beyond'where otherscan follow. This willlead Ainuy
and only. Aint, to the Underworld of their. ancestors, now
hedtly deserted, but stillwarm and ruggedlyibeautifuluNo
one who is not of Ainu descent can enter this place; and
thoseAinw' Souls who do so are gone forever, having
achiéved their just rewatd:


Map oF Dassuarion: Grogaapiey
Denjzens

Most of the servitors of Emma-ovate Shikome.Emma-o
has given all of these female akuma the abilityito survive the
terrors Of Kakuri without harm. More insidiously, the Yama
King has given all of his shikome the same terrible power to
‘devourthe will of men. In exchange for thes¢ powers, they
Ware charged With the collection and tortugé of souls and
Other, moré personal, duties for the YamaiKing. Should they

fail in theif duties, Emma-oldoes fot hesitate to take their
"souls instead,
Other Greatures roam, the Wastes"6f. Kakuri. The most
\\, niimetous 6f thesélare the female Kuno who serye Emma-0:
hese creatures have taken up'lairs'tn the deepestshadows
bf.th€ domain, crapping WharSouls'they can antedraining,
thes hapless victims of their Ghi. These hideous hiimttesses,
was the-Yama King's*huntsmen® Their leadersfaticiés
etself "queen" of the Kumo'and Sees herselfias. the consore
the Daimyo of the Dark*\Non-Kumo thifik she's/delu-
‘Sional, bit few creatures are' powerful enough'to tell her so
» and survive.
Many corrupt spirits of the dead also wander the wastes,
~ of Kakuri. The Ebon Road oftensmanifests itself heréyallow-
ing the Spectrés'and Faceless Ones who roam its.lerigth to
senitér Emma-o's domain Such ‘ihterlopers are ¢ither rounded
up to be used.as.mintons Orthey.aretormented like anyother,

inva blatkened corner" of .Yomit, "far. from, the. more
populous and berter> known-hells, lies the ruined, island
réalm of Ravana» Demon-King of the Rakshas, IPis noticlear,
ts "orevenconceiyable, when lookingiat the décay and stagna"
\ tion of thisdomainythatLanka wasionce among'tht greatest
W hells iif' Y6itiie There islittlé sound-to break-thé disturbing
ssilence. Théjair reeks of stalé smoke from fiteS long/extin-
n guished! The blood' that.once ran.inethe'stréets and <oated
»* the stones of the buildings is dry and flakes off in the breeze:
"For devils, Lanka isiaysad place. For most others itvis,a,place
Of briefirespite»
Latikavis charred, its greatest*buildings gutted by fire.

14

‘Thorny Vines Wrap arotind sooteblackened ‘wallsias if trying
n topull théremainingstructures downs thus far, theyseem to
1. be doing'®goodjob of ith Thebatren landthatsuttounds the
i ‘city extends Off ifttosthe distance;endingwnly.-where it
n ‘Meets the'sea'6f boiling bldod rhat'surroundsthé island-citys
a ‘There is no night or. day'Hereya8 the démaitiscéms seuck in.
of perpetual.cwilight. Visitors say that thésky glows'agtim Ted,
d eternally»promising 4 Sunris€ that neVer.comes.
m Onceplongago)Lankalliterally.pulséd.with che power of
Le » tainted Yang Chi. The buildings throbbed.and'moved to the
uy )\ thythm of théescréaming "souls imprisoned"within The.
Ww island itself waiia Horrid living entity that.existed,orily to
lo e the desiresiof its lordythe ever-shiftingsever-Hiingry
id vana. Lanka was filledi€arly to burstifig.with thé suffer"
ag ig Souls to which the Yatna King laid claim, The Larika that

aT

remains i,a sad and distantiecho of that time, The few
structutes that remain are lifeless. Occasionallyoneman-
agesia quiér death rattle as the last of itsstoredessence flows,
away; such actions attract thesattention of the relentlessly,
destructive vines. Theleity is dying slowly;and its'strugele:
against entropy is almost overs

Violence feeds, this ‘hellwEVéry.actofiageression, every
drop of bloodsthar lands onetHe grourd*in-Lanka grants the
city alittle more Chi, and€xtends'the lifeof,the foul thing
that is the domaimitself by afew more homefits, While Lanka
haS very little strengthulefe with Which to personally inflict
Widlence, it doéswharilittle itcatro instigate whavit craves
if others, incltiding tearranging Streéts and otherwise using
trickery to lead*intraders'into one another under suspicidts
citcumstancesiwA ctS.of €xtreme*Vidlence comimittéd here,
specially conflicts, Wwhich-bléod is drawn or deathS:are
incurred, strerigthen'the lands allowing. it to create further
violencédireétly byytoppling pillars of pulling the unwary,
Uundétground to. devour them whole"The more those trapped
struggle, the stronger the land grows.

Despite the maliceof Lanka itselfpvisitors tothe Gity are
Generally, quite safe so long astheyaréicareful. There are a
fewWhazardsjjas occasibnal pattols'of rakshas stilleoam near
thépalace;slooking for souls. to-féed to their fallen*miaster.
Furthermore, creaturés from othér hells. sometifnes come to
Lafika.to"hunt down-th6se.wh6 have escaped to,thisidying
domain. Most oftthe'time, howéVer, Lanka iSterily'serene.
Fhough. it Was Sncéone,of*the most feared placeSsunder
Heaven,.it i'nowoften thodghtofas.the one possible refuge
for-therinnocént inall'thé Thousand Hells:

Ttisfor,chisreason that many.cometoLatika-Sémewho,
havesescapéd the Yama King or hell,chat' pulled them to
Yomi — but who. carinot escape Yomi altogéther— find:
Lanka a respite from the ceaseless torments they might
otherwise endureOthers use Lanka as a base"Of operations
for hopeless assaults on the rest of Yomi, and still othersSee
thecity as a wayin which they might seize power and rise t
the ‘stattis ofa Yama/King. Over the past few decades, a
thriving colony of refugees and ruffians has arisen in Lanka,
onewwhichithe city:tolérates for reasonsiof its own.

The emptiness of Lanka meanis that ifrakshas or other
hunters do track down "visitors," they‘haye ample time in
Which to practice theinarts of torment on'their captives, but
thoseiwho esCapeother hells aremore than willitigtolaccept
the possibility of torture over the certainty,theréof, Some of
the most numerous refugee gangs are even thought to have
deals worked out with»the rakshasyitiirning over a\tithe of
rivals in.exchange for protection,

The, vakshasar®.obsessive about feeding their realm. If
the beast thacisitheiground'beneath'Lanka dies, then other
Yama Kings will undoubtedly rushuin t claim the territory,
for,theit own, no doubt annihilating the remaifiing xakshas
in the process. To this end, rakshas"aréovery aggressive
abotit»bringing souls to Lanka.[twnakes no difference to
themilwhether the sotils come-from the Middle Kingdom or
the domainiof another Yama King. The more plunder with
which they can providestheir land and'the more violence
they can engage in here, the bettertheir'chantés of avoid-

The Thovsano Hrs

ing servitude to.a néw master, atid nothing breeds cunning
like desperation.

There is onlyone exception tothe dormancy of Lanka,
and.that'is the.grounds-around the temple and*Ravana's
palace: Those few'who have vetitured.close.enough to the
palace'(and avoided the ubiquitous rakshas).telliof agreat
rebuilding —~or perhaps a:monstrous growth. They claim
that therakshas and souls they have taken are hard at work,
repairing the palace of Ravana. Some say thay Ravana is
enacting.a plan, that Wwillvagain pull souls Of the Middle
Kingdom into Lanka. Others'say.chaeRavana's general, the
vaksha Thratri, has tired" of waiting for) Ravana and has
decided to.cule as regeneOver Lanka until her master either
retuths to.his.sénses Sr is destroyed.

Under Thratri's command, the,rakshas work together
with a coherence they never had under Ravana. Many
Observers wonder if Thratri is destined to usurp Ravana's
placejiand become the next great Yaia Queen

Paces or Nore
The Tempe or Lance

At the.center 6fthe city of torment lies one of the few
standing structures that is not tangled in vines. This.enor-
mous structure.appears.to be.covered with a strange white
mosaic, but itis acttially constructed from thé teeth pulled
fromithe victims of bankas Morédangérous to trespassers is
the huge pit:in'the centerof this round building. The hole
iSactually is the gaping maw ofthe island, and every creature
féd directly intoitincteases rhe Strength of the land beneath
by-giving up its Chi. Once there were lines of'tormented
souls feeding ifito.this edifice, each victim awaiting his turn
to.bedistiémbered "and dropped piece by..piecéinto*the
mouth 6f the island.

While-the island has no way of pulling victims in by
itself,-the-rakshas "frequently grow nostalgic forthe days'
wherelanke.was &thriving hell, and-they-go tol whatever
lengths are necessary to bring back Victittisfor the remiple.
The native demons have been growing more ageressive and
moreitiumerdus. of late; so there is €leatlysomething, hap-
pening, Somehave:suggested that the island iS:recOvering,
and that itsiappetite is actually growing: )

Tue Denon Keep or Ravana

Though it has'seen better times, the:forttess.of Ravana
is Still a terrible sightte behold, Muchhlike Rayana‘and his
deinon seryitors, the palace cannot holdvone form, con-
Stantly flowing from one shape to another. Visitors say that
the palacé behaves like a living thing, a stationary mass of
pulsating sinew and flesh. Even theirakshas who move,into
and out of the edifice are more swallowedor vomited out
than they are allowed to enter or depart» Thé»building
accepts guests:by absorbing them into. itself andionly then
deciding if it will allow them to leave. This makes fona'very
disturbing but secure — sanctuary forthe fallen tajah
Ravana, who dwells there brooding over his pase defeats.


g,

Mar or Dasmurjon: Grocrapry

The building itself bears scars of thé'fires that razed the
city long ago, though Ravana has managed to heal mostof:
the damage inflicted on his'belovéd citadel. Unsubstanti-
ated reports say that the keep is still terrified 6f fire, and that
anyone approaching the building with open flame is liable
to be buried under swarms of defending rakshas, The keep is
yery concerned with its own safety, all the more so for
having.come s@)near to destruction.

Only Thratri has access.to.theskeep while Ravana is

\. ifidisposed, arid.there are those who wonder if Thratri has

heen slowly sucking. the life out of Ravana when she visits!
Whatever, the‘case, the Demon Kéep.graws strongerafter
every visit by Thratri, and the'future of thé realms expected
to be decided' there.

The Juncus Para

Thorny vines cover many ofthe ruins of-Lanka, and
‘these vines become thicker and léss navigableas 6ne goes
farther:from the sea.of blood»As'one pushes through the

* thick vegetation, the light changes and the vines grow more

> agressive. Eventually, the intrepid explorer will find the

Goblin Jungle, which lies along the Scarlet Path. The
Scarlet Path is infinitely moredangerousthan Lanka propet,
and few who' seek to escape Yomi-realize the perilsThe
~ terrors of the Scarler, Path are. detailed elsewhere in"this

BPH sndaleocin, HetacvokaisShipéahitiers ofthe Yar i

the passage onthe Goblin Jungle'

_ Denjzens

. Ravana welcomes only-rakshasim his domain? Wharfew

> akiima Ravana used'before'the falbof Lanka have long sifice:

petished.orleft toseekniéw masters. Occasionally, goblins or
other creatures, from the, Seatler.Pathefind ‘theif-way*int®
~ Lanka; but they aré'swiftly capttited and_torturéd, bythe:
sakshas for their-pitiful resources! of Chi?
There are other éreattres in Lankay howeyer,.thathave
found their. way here to hiine, rést and méet in.private. Shen

» from*throughoutthé" Middle"Kingdom, can»be"found in

~ Lanka, attempting to'free thetiiselves from Yormi'6r making
» tentative explorations from the known world, The farther
~ from Ravana's palace one strays, the more likely one is going
"tO encountérssomething that is not simply a raksha in
Nisguise, but‘on the otherand, Lanka is'also where Some'
Spirits of sickness breed. Such beings are tare, but fearsome,
and'they.don', take kindly. to intruders.
AS for the shapeshifters, ‘they stay, closé to*Ravana's
Keep except wher outihunting. Since the' great fire that
‘broughtdownthe city of rormentanddestroyedimost.of this
domain, those sections. that'aredéad-are anathema tothe
rakshas. Enormous Scars tar the landscape, and Shapeshifters
who venturécoo nearthé sea of boiling blood tisk catehing
an infectious*rot that appeat$ to affect all. Yang-aspected
creatures, Forthi¥reason, most of the changing demGns stay
close to the few parts‘of Lanka that temain»yibrant.

The Hew oF Beng
SKINNED, Aujve

If there is a worse place under Heaven thatthe Hell of
Being Skinned Alive;no onehas yet fourid it. APaglance, this
hell resembles theystitface.of @ desert World Visitors with
knowledge of astronémylikeni the tefrain t6'the reports of the
surface of Mars. Othetssayit combines the worst of the deserts
of the Middle Kingdom: The point' moor; thé twisted realy
Of Tou Muis infifiitely worse than any.of these, or alliof them
put together.

Thehowling'windsthatforeverwhip across thé red'satids,
of thishelkare efioughto strip flesh from the bones of'lésser
beings in seconds» Shards.of gla88 and metal blown, of these
sonic-velocity witds haye»erOugh force to penetrate, tank
armof, skin, evetithe tough'hides of Kueisjin, is worn awway.in
moments. Thes@ winds have sculpted the rockSand mesas into'
jaggedy horrifying shapes. Those who can.see through the
constant sandstorms of this domiain-can*see demonic forms
performing all mannerOfitorture onthe'souls of those drawn
here, biitthe screams of the victims ate coveted by che howling
of the wind) The winds frequently become funnel clouds,
sucking'sand and Souls up milesabdve the ground beforéletting
themplummet onto the sharp-pinnacles-of-stone below!

Asif the cutting Winds Were not enough, the energy built
up' by, the.coristant. motion' €léctrifies the-air.itsélf.,Prisoners
trappedthere Oftefhfind that the-iron»shards:that the ‘storms
imbed"in'their flesh conduct this energy with agonizing effi-
ciency, and-yictims ate regularly Stibjected to bolts-of infernal
lighting blasting:through: their. bodies.

‘Tou Muris associated with space and the:starsyatid itis
‘often from that height that she watches events inher domaiti
transpire. Those sduls she deems worthy of her speciabatten-
tion she draws fromi the surface by means of the winds, and pulls
them into the cold and silent vacuum aboye. There, the Iron
Empress expresses' her dissatisfaction personally. This, more
than anly otherfactor, keeps her servitors loyal. It is impossible
to know.when Tou Mu is watchingftom above.

Souls trapped in the Hell of Being Skinned Alive are often
those who hoarded.and.abused power. By Yomi's rough justice,
such individuals are now tormented after death, by having
everything ripped away from them. At first, the windsflay only
the body, -but.che worst is yet (6 come: Once thé flesh and
muscle falls away froma victim's bones, the prisoner findsthat
the very essence of his being is now peeling off, layerby layer,
to be,catriedaWay onthe chuming winds. The only thing
resembling péac@iin this domain isthe pétiod, however brief,
when the, winds%subsideFlayed bodies regenerate in these
preciousseconds, butithé:moment the pain fades, the winds
start, howling again and the'cycle begins anews

Many Kuei-jin here are_victimsofTou, Mu'sivendétta
against the Wan Xian. Troublesome Kuei-jin'and their mortal
descetidants, friends andallies 6ften find their way here as well?

|
‘

It is these souls that the Iron Empress coversjabdve all others;
and every agonyithe Wan Xian suffér in.her ‘hell brings the
Yama Queerta flash of purest e€3tasy.

Those who serve in this hell aré'well*protected againstits'
torments, but even those creatures Who afefavéred by Tou Mu
take care not ro spend long periods of'time,onithe open. plains
of this domain. Most of Tou Mu'ssétvitors dwell ina seriedof
pits that are cOnnectedsby a labyfinthinie series ofjrinnels.
Some say it is possibleto barterwith these fiends for shelter and
safe passage through the realm, btit due to their mistress' hatred!
ofall things.concerning the'Wan Xian, any Kuei-jin attempt.
ing toldo so would have to,paya hefty price. Even. then, the
demons coulddétide to take the bribe and then €ast'the refugee
‘out to perishion the plains,

The Hell of Being Skinned Aliveds likely thesinglé'thost
‘dangerous place'in the most dangerous' fealm, known to.Kuei+
jin. Theron, Binpress hates those who"hayedrawn Second
Breath like no other, and makesicéttaim that they/are hounded,
by demons and murderous winds from the firsttfistant ofitheir,
For the descendants of the Wan Xiamiti TOWMUu'shelly
there is no sanctuary, no rest and ultimatelypnd"eScape.

Praces or Note
Tue Spent StronGHoi oF Tou Mu

The Iron Empress is paranoid. The farther she "eam be
from potential! assailantsy¢he*happier the' is. Ir is for, this
reason.that she,has multiple places of retréat..

arriv:

The strongest, and perhaps strangést,..of these ‘is. the
Silent Stronghold. Thousands of miles aboyve-the surface off
herdomain floats anenormous upside-down palace of twisted!
and inhuman architecture. Itsshatp transparent spires point
downward like the tentacles of somé! enormous! vitreous
jellyfish. Thosé unfortumates whom.the*Empress"desires'to
interrogate she pulls up with enormotiS gusts of Wind and
impales on one of these barbed glass'spites, Tou Mitinterro-
ates these prisoners telepathically With such brutality that
the skin peels'away from their heads andblood'teaks from
the-eyes, noses and tars of those she questions; those ttpon
whorh the blood falls,far below, are Considered'particilarly
unlucky, and most meet a permanent end withinedays. Once
the Yani# Queen. gets aftvanswer, shéjreléases her captives;
who, drop,back.into the hell below:

Walkingethe corridérs_of this stronghold' are.those
sefvitors TouMu considers too fragile forthe stitface ofher
domain: Her honoréd guest, théchi'n ta Voormas, perhaps
thegréatest of Kali'S'childrten, resides here whil@he'ayoids
the justice of thdse he betrayed. Other créature',with
whori"Tou Mu iS*allied also haunt these corridors. The
stronghold is also Whete the/enyoys of the outer darkness
‘are granted audiénce.

‘The)Silent Strongholdiis not primarily aljplace of tor-
ture; but rather @ place of COmmunication, and its,most
diséoncerting préperty.stemis from thatpurpose. The crystal.
of.this place rendersiungtiarded thought-into sound? Those
not'tised ro controllifig their own'minds throughimeditatian
OF magic annduncéeyery thought alotidh.to ‘every other
creature in thé-stronghold, with»predictable résultss

SEPT SZ

Fg aa


— "as
The Spyster Fortress or Tou Mu
The Sinister Fortre:
restsjon the actual surface of this hell' The forttess is a great
palace, fortified with rusted ton thartwists into'a hideous
visage that mirrors the mask of the Yama Queen herself. The
entire fortress coursés with-etiergy.from the lightning that
constantly strikes thére,

is one of the few'structiires thar

On _thevouter,walls"ate lashéd the bodies of those in
whose torments Tou Mu has,.takén a special interest. These
damned"creatures"are "constantly subjected to the curting
winds and-bursts oflightning. TowMu'does not allow them
to.diewhoweyer, and their screams,catmbe heard even'over
the howling»wirtds. Most of these beings are WanyXian,
captured/long agoiwhén Tow Mu took her vengeance of her
foes, whileothers are'disobedient servants. Those punished
in'this wayare under a sentéfce of certain death; the Iton
Emipifess has nevérremoyediavictim fromitthe wall, natsince
thé moment when thesfirst traitor was lashed, there.

Thejinner areas of the Yama Queen's'keep ate a hive of
chambers. Even the most trusted of hersétvants donot know
all of.them, and it believed that S6me Ofithem may have
existed €ven beforethe Iron Emipresstcame to rule this place.
If this.is the case, then parts of the foreressmay hold dangets
Of Whicheven th® Yama Queén is ignorant:

Thr Vausy oF THe Last Stanp

Inmallof Tou'Mu'srealti there.is only one place Where
the witids.do‘nor blow: The Valleyofithe*Last Stand. The
yalléy'is'the place where the gréat''W an Xian Lei-Tsu fell
inbattle"againsr the) Yama Queenyand. ir still resists. Tou
Mu's.toriients'to this day. No one finds'the valley.of her
ownVolition: Instead, this place seems to draw Kuei-jin.of
great promise and@Wittue who find thémselves"in.this
unholy realm.

The valley.itself is surrounded by figures thathave been:
shaped by the surrounding whirlwinds. Those few who have
visited the valley'say that these formations resemble war-
tiors Of old, Who Supposedly look out Over the surrounding
plain and protectthe'valley fromeheelements. It is believed
that these shapés house the souls of the Wan Xian who
fought with Lei-Tsu,

DENjzENs

Becatise. of her Hatred for Kuei-jin, Tou Madoes not use
(or allow), aktéma:th her domain. Though' she may employ.
the occasional pawn among the Kuei-jin, she never allows
themein her Yealm titless they disobey her, and then the
Kuei-jin"are hot present by_choités Most of the creatures
who liveheréarémOnsttous ogres, trolls and demons who
livein the underground hives scattered throughout the hell.
These creatures vary greatly-insappearance,/and many are
quite bestial, but they are all resilientand physically power-
ful.. Many of them have carapaces 6r, other armor to help,
them withstand the relentless Winds»Tou Mu's:demons are
among the few creatures who can ¢ross this realm with their
flesh intact


‘ Sfiergy;and.razor-cOmner,

A cyberpunk dream combinedwith the.worst nights
mares of a fang shih, Mikaboshi's Wickéd,Civy.is a place of
endless urban blight stretching,to the Horizon in alll direc
tions. The air is thick with actid Vapors.and burning.smiog,
What little sky can be/Seenschtims-and twitches, with.
electric urgency. It is¢always-OVereast and darkilin the
Wicked City, and mére oftensthan-not acid sleet falls from
the skypGhesténch of urine\blows,out of every alley onthe
WOXious breezes, mixed with rhescents of vomit/excrement,
and 6ld bloode"The streets and buildings are packédwwith,
borliche,souls*Who mindlessly slave! away ¥8l iNescapable
agonies and thé power-mad: demonswhorormeéntthem. The
entite Hell‘is a' monument to the twisted. genius and"un-
swetyifig.ambition of the master ofthis place, rhe.Yama:
King Mikaboshi.

The city itselfis a profane Kybrid;the twisted.spites and,
structures that currently tise up from! thestréétsyare'buile
atop older crumbling buildings that have"Gutlived'theih
usefulness. The skysetapers of today aré/biilt®ver the.
temfiles and €astles/of éfas past. There are citieSebuilton
Cities builtOngities, and thelfarther down\oneigoes, the,
morémonstrous the demonic inhabitants grow. It is thought
that within these subterranean ghost towns dwell.créatures:
that have not seen the sky for centuries. Whatthese'm6n-
sters have become in the inrewWening years is, unknown, but
nosoullias everentered the abandoned ttifnnelsand subway
of the Wicked City and feturned san€""Most-simply don't
Teturn at all.

The buildings and ieighborhogdear the Wicked City
themselves strongly resemble'thbse in cities like'Shanghat,
Tokyo and Hong Kongwthiough the structures, of hell-ate
gloomier, sharper and more twisted»AKuma.freqiently. re.
port feelingadistiirbing sense offamifliarity.with the Wicked
City, and Mikaboshi prefers ic thes: The Yama Kingewants
all-those who see his city to undestand. his.grand Visiottof

a hellish. metropolis connecting Yomiandtheurbaivcenters
(( ofthe Middlé Kingdéin. He also wantsthosein his hell tdsee

the'comfortablé trappingsiof the dailyworld perverted! to-
‘ward his demonicideal. By undermining faith ifthe known
and tomfortablepMikabdshi increased his subjectsfeetitigs
of dread and Suffering; atid hisipoweriwith-theiy

Thejfeng shniof'the Wicked, City is*beyond negarivey
instead resting*in.th®fealm,
theMiddleKingdom warp!
theWay the Wicked' Fereydaen The tire landscape assaults
the-Chi of.the.cityS victims. "Péison arrows" point evetye"
whéte; everystructure interferes with the natural flow off
xes are everywhere,
Spitaling-in.directions thattcause. vertigofrom the merest
#lanice! For the démon Servitors whodwell here)ithe foul Chi

», ‘Bervés.aianlalmost clectrioeHarge thaterpowers thém, For

all Others, the "disharmony saps.their=will, and, impedes:

_fatiofal choughiteT heam6re timeone'spetids.in the Wicked
~@ity, the-more destructive theVile Chi Becomes,

Thishell is'the final tionof all'thosewho have

‘fallemirredeeniably into the Sa isdlation and aito-

Tie Tiousano Hus

yimity. ofvurban life: Po! als, Wage.
slaves, extcutivesiand police officers areal pulled into.che
Swearshops and.dark streets Of thisd6omed megaldpolis:
Thesesoul' are worked'hey6nd theif limits, and'when'they, 9
falter-orfail, the-foretten arrivelinstantly.to probe, jolt or
Otherwise! punish them, forcheir incompetenée, The de."
mon Setvitors use. rérrible rechndlogiés»tq, vidlate,.cheir™
subordinates andsatisfy.cHeirown maliciousnatures. Those
vievims who show.thé‘capacity. toretiifn to. the same-dull
position they, Heldyinwlife — textbook salesiian,.
telématketer,, burger-flippery"export-agent = do'so).day"
aftem.day and week after Week; with no" hope ‘of ever
fthprovifg theiPtor. Sugh'prisoners are given enough salary
tovbatély cover fent,/so they can almost support themselves
whiléenduring!the agonies of bell. Those who cannot
siifVive the traumatic boredom are gent.ftom the office
With the laughter of their co-workers ringing in their ears.
They become the homeless of the Wicked City, available
fordemons, bakemono and embittered salary drones to
beaty torture or set ablaze. If such outcasts were worth!
‘anything, the reasoning'goesjithey would have succéeded
in their jobs. Occasionally homeleds are plucked'from the
stféets.to Teplatesworkers who have gotten too comforte
able..N6 one is Safe itmthe Wicked Citypewér. J
Infa5 many casts.as possible, Mikaboshi's staff sees to it
tharvictims are placed ita degradedjob thar¢losely paral
Tels.thé"depths of ‘their iniquities in the Middle Kingdom.
Those Who were truly wicked:in'the course of theirlives.are
Biven jobs in'sales. 2
‘Phere are no.safe"Places»in' the Wicked City.Every"
StreetcOtner can be hometoademon of iron and'violence-
Everyaworké?'can be,an akuma spy. No oneéan be. trusted'
and everyoneis the ¢némy. Even the imprisoned 'may betray™
ayisitor for the chance to gain promotion~lt is a place whete:

~allethe worst lements of greed and Capitalism meet in.

‘Yomi's atmosphete.of corruption.

‘Thestechnology 6f this domain, is*beyondedistiitbing
The tortipted Yin of this place feedsall tannerofimplants,
gadgets atid deyi¢és that serve only toheighten'the suffering
Of the*ddditted. Cyborgs hunt workers*who ‘haye"escaped!
their Workshops, "and ‘cameras observé"everyone. Girizens
aréjackedinto this héll through dirécf bionieconnections»
that allow them tovfeel the feet that walkché-stréets, hear.
the whispers muttered'in corners and retogni#é individuals
by' their voice andjretina patterns. Mikaboshi andhi8'lieu-
teWatits missinothing,that occurs in the Witked Citys

Ipis possible to reach the Wicked Gityfrom any number
‘Of the-wofst urban hellholes in the Middle Kingdom. The
‘Child, brothels of Bangkok and the squatter neighborhoods
of Hong Kong and Jakarta are the best-known routes»buts
many others exist. In these places oforrupriofiandanguish,, %
the Wall between the Middle Kingdom and the Wicked)
City is weak. With'minimal effort, anyshef'canitrayel'here |
frém stich an area. Of course, there are fewfeasons todo%o,
and.the dor swings both Ways. Many denizens of this'hell
Oftenvisitthe Middle Kingdom looking to'Snare new souls,
Becatiseof such expeditions, there are many inngcetits when
Now,serve'ds demons' playthings in the Wicked Cityafter=™


‘Map oF Darmarjon:

being pulled from lives that were-already more nightmarish
than they deserved.

Itis also possible to reach' the Cyber-Realmifrom the
city, aswell as other places of the spirit worlds with ties
to urban rot and abuse of technology. In fact, many
reatures from related or similar realms have found a
+ home in the court of Mikaboshi. The Yama King is willing
» "toemploy anyone of use to him, regardlessiof color, creed,

sbreedsor-speciés.

The Wicked City makes the worst cities on Earth look
» like tranquil Subutbs. It is,a place'Of pollution, deathvand
torttires of the'foulest sort, aprodtict of man's own abiise of
technology and*nature: Most_importatitly, thé Gity"*per-
trays a-cléar picture of what the Middle Kingdom ‘will
J) become*should' Mikaboshiwrule-in the Sixth-Agevas thé
Demon Emperor.

. Piaces or Nore
Mixazosny Tower

This hideous skyscraper rises to the clouds and beyond,
iS peak invisible from the ground below. The Tower is.at
least 90 stories tall, but.onlyMikaboshivand his lieutenants
have the code'to the elevator and know for sureIt ifrom
othis twisted spire ofblackened steel'and glass thatthe Yama
‘King observes-all,than.gdes omaround him, afithit is to.che
 Towerthat particularly récalcitratit souls'are brought for re-

tducationi. Th'addirion to-housing.the. Yama King'and-his
followers, the Tower also'actsias avast antenna for receiving
energies from'all actoss the hell: Mikaboshi-himselfis‘Often:
inked tovhis Stronghold by-all manner ‘of-strange devices
that allow him tovinterpret theseenergiessin the form of
information, By doing'so, the-Yatiia King can see, hear, and
~~ feel any,part, of the Wicked:City..
Mikaboshi-Tower is*filled with favored akumaydemons
) and other creatures who help maintain the delicate admin-
trative structure of this‘cityeThe Towers used as.asort of
"corporate headquarters Where»plaris*are thade that affect
Seyéryone under the Yama King's tule;"everythinig from.
: N upetades ‘of the city's*hardware td, managenienteplans. to.
_sorpotate*slogans designed to sap morale flows from the

Tower: Creatures of metal and dead flesh patrol the halls)
~arid'Souls deserving of specialpunishments.are subjected to,
"all manner'of experiments on the médical floors.

The Supyuru Necropoys
Also knowtas the Undercity, this ateaconsistsiof the
" ‘plaves where Mikaboshi has built hew structliresover those
he has abatidoned. Though oné would expeett much of the
crumbling undergrourid tobe vacant antbbatrenythisis nov
the caséAll manner of creatures:dwellin the Undercityy
Most aré"demons ‘who: have.-been, demoted: for-chronic,
incompetence. Some are predators who seek to.feéd offthe
tefuse of the Wicked City. There-are even rtimots that a
few rare Kuei-jitmwho have learned'to:sutvive here hide in
the Necropolis* What these vampires are"doing-in the
licked City is unknown, but theyomighteaid travélers-if
‘Given proper incentive:

37

Denjzens

The Wicked City has perhaps the greatest varietyamong
its inhabitants. Metal elementals, corruptiurban. spirits,
cyborgs and business-mindéd akuma are.only some of the
creatures that have faller under*Mikaboshi's Sway. ‘The
demons) who serve here-aré organized in.a tightcorporate
hierarchy. Subdrdinatesate expetted to obey their superiors
and followsprotocol at all rims. Those. who disobey, are
demoted or destrdyed, aceorditig to.the'seriousness of their
offensé. Promotion is possible but rareyandusually involves
actions thataid theinmaster's cause beyond all expectations
onthe Untimely, déstruction of oné's.immediate supetior.

Among the. most powerful of Mikaboshi's servants are
the corruptéd:Ciry Fathers of manyof the cities thatrconnect
to his:realm?" These high*tanking powerful beings oftén act
as corpordté"executives'and governors of those areas that,
‘Correspond'with their analogs in the Middle Kingdom) The
mostipowerful among these spirits is Masakado, the former
guardian spirit and City Father of Tokyo. Masakado acts as
Mikaboshi's right-hand many/and has a nitmber oftakuma
and)powerful demons serving him. as lieutenants.

Other inotabl@inhabitants of this realm include the
great oni that have been shaped and¢hanged by Mikaboshi's
experiments with techtiology. Thesé three-éyed.cybernétic
terrors are.often used to-htint down escaped souls and lead
assaults'onthe'Yama:King's enemies.

Tue Heit. oF Bojijng Oj.

The name of this.hell isa. misnomer;"as the domain is
notfilled with boiling oil, but rather with rendered -hutnan
fats'Gobbets\ofecharred and burning, fat,float~atop. the
surrounding ocear6f thick, bubbling grease. Acdark:gtay
froth of overcookéd scum floats to the surface in. plates,

The atmosphere is hazy with brown smoke and a finé
mist of grease» The stench is intolerable? Individuals who.
arrive and) manage to stay on the surface — mortal and
otherwise — Yomit uncontrollably, adding the contents of
their stémachs to the repulsive'stew beneath. Those few
individuals who escape this realm are never able to rid
themselves of thestenchentirely. The scentlingers intermi-
nably, and may, on occasion, be strong enough to taint
social interactions with others.

Theré is. véryelittle to see in this hell: smoke, grease,
foam, unrendéred*fat_and the writing bodies of the ‘tor-
mented, Itumakesiittle difference; the eyes of most souls are
scalded into Uselessnéss:in the first minute of their stay.

This *hellvis "primarily, the place.of torment for the
gluttonows, Here's, where the corpulent executive and the
rotund bureaucrat are hatinted by the excesses of their lives.
Like other hells, the Hell of Boiling Oi preserves its victims
fromfinal annihilation until they've suffered enough. Given
the.current state of business‘ethies itithe Middle Kingdom,
that.can be a very longitime.

‘The Yama Kingof this realm isperhaps the least human
of all the Yama Kingsalts name is Hluh, and ir is thought to
hé'a gelatinous creature resembling an island-sized, bright-

The Tousano Hes
@) ee au
ted atmoted jéllyfish- with sharp-toothed'suckermouths at
the Ends of each of its tentacles: Giverithe nature Of, its
Chosen home, itisunlikelythat thisicfeature eXists in.any'
way, that'the mortal mitid.can easily(or comfortably) under
stand. Regardlesswit makes littledifference.to those impris-
Oned hereslas they burn. and, boil just,the-same.

Piaces or Nore
The Pocxers

This Rell has little in the way of specificlocales/but one
phénomenon does deserve mention. Ivhappens from rime to
time that'a large bubble ofcbol air, perhaps from one of the
Yin-aspécted réalms»floats'through this place, congealing
the gréase around it. These air pockets
fromthe burning hell outside, and)they,cam be used as
remporary shelters, albeit with two caveats.

re, fora time, safe

First, these air pockets are often home to some of the
repulsive demons that make this hell their home. Some of
these creatures are able to maneuver and steer these bubbles
as_a form of trayeleTos@k'sdlace in these places ist6 risk
confrontation with the original owners

Second, théseair bubbles have been known‘to implode
Whenthey travel through an especially wari current of fat.
When'this happenspeverything inside is flooded with boil-
ingfat'and tissue. Those who aré trapped insideare generally
unprepated for thessudden ‘bursting of their bubble, and
often Wind _up.drawingsin mouthfuls of boiling fateSuch
unfortunates'then have the uniqué pleasure of being fried!
from the inside as well.

DENJZENS

THE demons, of this place have no,names, no'faces'and
inemi0st Cases, no senses of self, Most are. great,parasitic
ofganisms that S6mewhat resemble chitinous tapeworms;
Otherslook like gigantic water stridersthat skim-along the
sutfaceof the boiling Sea. The demonsdomot speak, huat
timesithey létloose a bubbling high-pitched. laugh. AsfaVor-
ite-habit' of thesé' monsters is to tearehunks\of fat from
Struggliti® Victims and-then cast théfi*into the séa.to bé
rendered'*down, Once'a sufficient quantity, ofthe victim's
blubber meits,the'demon tosses the sourceof the fatinto the
middle of thépool,‘thére to be boiled in‘his own drippings.

THe Hew or
Burrowing Maggots

A. quick glance reveals this place to be a vast plain of
What appears to be fine white sand. There is no sun, but the
overcast sky is not particularly dark. Many, whdlcome here
initially scoff at the sight, thinking' they hav@-somehow
cheated fate orthatYomi isn't so terrible aS'they have heard
Qnilythénido they realize that the sand beneath their feer'ff
crawlingQrher times the reality of the,situatiGn, isamadé
Clear.when a enormous demon maggorsthe sizerof all
@lephan breaks ‘throughythe sand and snatchesawai a
tfespassersAfter afew moments more, the smell of fot fully,
Kits any travelers, ariththe stench of decay staggers any who

a ae er eee ee > ee

PP Pt PhD Pe ee

4
}
;

‘Map oF Dasmurjon: Grograpiy

are so unfortunate as toneed to breathe: The entire realm is
filled with maggots and others eaters of carrionyand therelis
No surcease anywhere in the domain from the rotand decay.
The domain belongs to Rangda, the Mistress of Pesti-
lence. Itisa place of torment for sinners who have met their
end by disease, including radiation poisoning, cancer and
the effects of biological warfare agents. The souls who are
trapped:here are.covered with visible and amplified signs of
theidiseases that killed.them,.Tumors'grow enormous and
hang from the body like bags of rot, enormous berry-colored
lesions coyer'the skin, and emphySema-victims coughup
fist-sized clotsiof lung. It takes notime. forithe boils, tumors
andopen sores of the inhabitants to attract the maggotsyand
within days'a soul trapped here.can literally feel her'skin
crawl
Everywhere, the worm-tidden soulsi6f this domain'catbe
seeneryifig Out in painjiscratching off their own'skins in.yain
attempts to rip away the burrowing larvae, and ttying desper-
ately tofind some place ofshelter from the maggots that eat
| "themalive. Few places offer any relief, although the enormous
bonesofthings now dead mark the plain in places and offersome
hope. The carcasses of these titanic creatures cannot protectallh
the doomed from theirsuffering. There aré'thousands of victims
secking these few places of respite; inevitably a tenth suffering
soul climbs on‘a'bone'that can onlystipport nine and'the whole
thing tips overrorcracks)spilling'everyone back intothe niass of
Tavenous Maggots» There are.no buildings Orhand-madé struc-
turesyany that are built disappear‘under.a wave-of maggots
ilmést immediately.

Rangda andher more hutfian-seeming senvitors wander
this: realm with, impUinity!""No creatiire attacks the Yama,
Queen, or her servants, though"anyone. els@is part Sfithe
twisted food: chain Even. thé healthy-find that the demon
maggots Of this realm, unlikesthéir Countérparts, ifthe
Middle Kingdom, find rhe-tastelof healthy. flésh. pleasing to
their palates.

Places or Note

The Great Beast

) Within the Hell of Boring Maggots is a formation that
: appears tobe a large white mountain. It is home to the
largest and» most, vile, of allethé tealm's.inhabitants, As
Visitors approach this area, they begitto understand why
this .is the ‘casesThe outcropping that appears to be a
Mountain iS:actally the remains\of aicreature*Of immense
Size that diéd in this placélong ago. Some have said that the
beast. was there\before' Rangda-hetself, and that it has been
f dead longer than theworld hastived. Thécreaturesthat feed!
off of it-cover it like"a swatming-blanker, but'strands, of
| gnawed pink flesh'can still'be seen:flapping in, the stench
" ridden breeze. What. the:eteature-once was Cannot.be seen,
past the layer of maggots that coverit,and'manysuspectthat
even Rangda does not know what-kind of beast rests here.
Others tell the storyithat Rangda wantedithis domain and
the enormous Yama.King ‘who ‘claimed_ the" realm" made
himself the sizeof a Small continent sovthat. he" could
pulverize the young. Quéen.. By-afflictingethe briite with

SS Pa Ss

a
CAPER

Kou iS
fee SE


(the Middle Kingdontto

every conceivable disease all at once, Rangdadestroyed the'
Yama King andiearved outa nichesfor herself' the Thotl-
sand Hells.

Th anyicase, it' appears that if*maytake:an eternity'to'
fully devourjthe monster, andthe treatures'that feed off its
carcass are without a doubt te largest andithost aggressive
of this realm's maggots. Some hayefeached the size ofa blue
whale, while the smallest of thetfi is-anjleast six feet long.
These creatures alsoseem to haVe developed a rudimentary
intellécpandméans of communiéation, allowing them toact!
imsnchrony-

The Spawiyng Pr

When aisol in the Hell of Burrowing Maggots is either
neatly ‘consumed or has proven‘ itself worthy..of servitig.
Rangdapit is,taken to the Spawning Pit? The pititsélf pulses,
with tainted Yang energy and iS aggreSsiyely,.guarded*by
Rangda's greatest servitotsy Thos€ servafits thrust the cHo-
sen soul into the pit, and the top of the holedssealedwA fer.
a time, the soul inside undergoes a transfortation, The.
corrupting energies of the pit transformethe*body Of the
victim, and thie soulémenges as a servitor.of Ratigda. Some
tise as human wellsprings of plague and disea8e, Whileothers
muface into great maggotsand are put to work as soldiersand
Overseers in Rangda's'Soft white army. Thosé whd"are too.
weak or mostly consumed aré Wholly absorbed into the hell
itself, strengthening the) YatialQueen's power in her'tealm)

Denjzens

The words describing the creatures whoreside inthis
hellall followa them@=disgusting, foul, hideotisy\W iththe
exception of thé akuma andplague-tidden zombics.chat
sometimes serve RangdagnOthing here'even vaguely,passés
for human. Most beings that dwell -heré"are. fat whitelmag-
gots whose.only purpose is to eat

While Rangda does not care'fér the-mature vetsion of
her pets, maggots all do eventually becomerflies, Thefliesiof
this domain areSpectacularly vile. Irideseenomonstrosities,
they fly.in'Grotesque Swarms, devouringlive meat and. laying
eggs inside-paralyzed vietitns. As thoughethis,realm needed
anything more-vilepthe flies! method'of cénsuming prey is
particularly,foulsby-vomiting acid from its proboseisy the fly.
dissolyes ‘its Meal,outside of its body.andesutks ‘Wp the:
restiltantliquéfiedmass. Becoming a meal'ora host for a fly,
is Considered»the. worst fate possible in this-realin. Rangda
inflicts hemfliesupotindividuals for whomeshe*has &,pat-
tieular dislike.

‘The maggots aS%welb.as the other defornied. carrion'
eatéts of the-realm™, beetles, vultures, hyenas and enor
Midus.flies—are mOstlYomindless,though they do have a
Certaininstinctive hicratehy, Some of thelargest and stron-
Rest of thesecreatures direct the others'to bettefinsure that

. "ho sdul @xistsin this hellewithout feeditiz'the worms

Most.of,the demOh maggots*até"sitiall,, rough the!
dargest dwarkmostlivitig thingsirrth€ Middle Kingdom, Few,

Afe intelligent eftough todoafiything but deyotrth®souils
some are"trainable'and'are sentto py)

Rangdabrings here, buts
akumain.| their endeavors.
Aside from muadbets' ‘an the' akuma, ReiSas favoréd

servants are the so2alled /plagiie zombies" These.walking
deadtare Greaturesiwhose entire bodieshave beénsatutared.
Withidisease. Anywho touch them.are'Gourting Contamina?
tion and"lingering death, Rangdavoften sends these ‘rea
turesydisgllised asattractive:young men.and women, tothe
less-developed regions-of the Middle.Kingdomi.to "spread
theif queen'ssafflictions. Theyrare™typically, faitly dulbin
terms ofypersonality, but theimgood, looks insute*that they
willbe ablé'to touch othets, and spread'their.contagions't6
the masses.

The Pit oF Sair AND jRON

Ti the Middle Kingdom, the earth is the giver of life. It
nftures-the*plants.that feed living beings, and provides a
folindation for all things under Heaven. This isnot true in
the Pit.

The Pit of Iron and Salt is the domain of the Yama King
‘Wu Hua, who runs his hell in a manner of which the great
fobber barons of the West would have approved. Those who
labor in ‘his hell do so in the false hope that through hatd"
Work, they willeventially move upin the ranks andione day
be_selieved of their suffering. Such fools are/wrong, of
Ccours€, butthat doésn't keep them from trying:

"The Pit-appears to bea sickly white slash in thesland-
seape of -Hellysurmotinted bya series of rustedsiron spites,
Upon closer-inspection, ofie sees that the terrain is pure salt
and that the-vast pit appeats tohhave no bottom. The citadels
of Wu Huwasappear as,great shards.of iron that jut from
yarious depths of the pit. Thes6uls trapped here labor in the
mines for treastires'they will'fiever,find, beneath the'lashes®
ofvettiel and ruthless ovetseers) Such creatures delight*in YJ
discoVEring exctises to ent or lash their charges, Simpl¥'so §
thersalt of thépin.cat inflame any open wounds.

The citadels of iron thar housé thé*more ‘fortunate
Tesidentsof Wu. Hiia's domain are places 6f decadence and*
depravity? Souls intermittently rotate'ffomthemities toact
as slaves if*the citadels, and most mit Workers. view'the.
change.as a.désirable one, Inevitably, every:soul'so/ Chosen


41

learns that,this is not the case,

In‘accordance with Wu Hua's twisted notidns. of feng.
Shui} thet® aré $ix citadels located.eqtiidistantlylon every
leveliof the pit. Né.one knowsHow many levels heté are.to
the mine, but the suspicion isthat chetilimber, islinfinites
The visual effect of this makes thespit lodkelike a great
gaping maw when.wieWed_ from.aboveand,each citadel
seems a jagged iront6oth.

The workets.are'alloweéd no-¢lothing When they work,
leavingthem unshielded from the Harsh envitonmentof the
pit. Those.souls Who ate particularly.useful, like those who
inform.on.theif felloWs,oPagtee to help the overséers.con-
Vincecertain souls to'serveinithe'citadels are often allowed
10 Wear.afew sCtapsof clothing: Prisoners who/coveraheir
bédies in this Way.aréboth envied and hated by their fellows.

‘The Iron Citadéls are designed in a reversed Hiérarchy.
The*Higher up tm.the citadellyou workgithe less status you
have. It.is said\thatWu)Hua's forteess is located at the
theoretical, bottom/6f the pit, though few.haye éyer seen ity

On the tops of the citadel. spires‘areimpaled the bodies
of traitors and failuresiDhose impaled On the higher citadels
have committed minor offenses. Ttpistisaid chat' Wu Hua
surrounds hisjown fortress with the.careasses, f'those who
have.failed him in, the moseutiforgivable-of ways

The Pit'slandscape is largély.unchanging.and'sterile. It
is.not-a. plate, dfiGhock6r disgustyebut~a_helhof Quiet
Oppression, that, Wearsiaway the.souls-ofethose ‘Imprisoned
thereatan.agOnizing pace' More carrbeteatned of Wt Hua's
domain teDark. Kingdom of Jadeand Doomslayers: Into
the Labyrinth:

Locatjons or Note
The Cyrapexor Wo Hua

At the bottom of the enormous salt cha8m Tests the
Great Citadel of Wu Hua. It isa city of iron surroundédiby six
efi®emous barbédyspires on which hundreds of bodies ate
impaled? Sputreting, @reenish fires caf be seen from a dis-
tanée, and in thecold glow of these flames can be seen hints
Ofigrotesquelritualsand/obscerie torments. The rust on the
city's iron walls makes the entire pla€e seém to bleed.

The central palace is a place of great mystery. Only the
Yama Kingatid. His most trusted adVisorg dwell there; even
the ittiost. hOnoréd visitors aré) received at higherMevels
within the"Piee"What éxactly goes on inside! this inner
sanctum is unkown but the screams ofithe tormented can
be faintly, heard. manyslevels aways

The jron Brome.

. > : Tnthépmiddleievels Sf Wu Hia's hell, in the sixth
4 3 eo citad@hof the 12th level, an"tiiterprising soul can find the
4 i Tron Brothel. This vast building is'@place Of gro'sest perver- ]
4 me sion. Within the walls, the domain's prisoners labor to' |
io 4 entérrain the darkest desires.of the Servants of/Wu Hua, !

Sontie do\so becausethey cannot endure the/labor.in the
mines, others see itas a temporarystespite from the Overséer's
whips and blades. In teality, the soulsythat suffer there are
z treated worse than those anywheré else in this domain.
Their suffering feeds Wu Hua'stealm mote genérously than,
any témrhousand'souls with picks.and shovels, because itis


"

\!
‘i
Ns
\:

42

So,much more personal.

Occasionally, Wu Hua'recruits from, the' brothel staff.
Such new agents are usually those soulsswho:have endured.
in the brothel for some timepyet who havéuretained some
spark of independence. Onlya.spark is\warited, though =
those who cling to individualitysare Sentiback for. niore
dehumanizing labor.

DENjzENs

Wu Hiia's servants are a carefully chosen mix of akuma\
Spectres,he has seduced away from Yu Huang and other
demons. His'élite are chosen largely from amonigethevfirst
souls he brotight under his control centuries ago.!Most of
thesé'things haye forgotten that they were ever humati:

The ‘Yama King's organizational structuré has been
Styledafter the bureaucratic sttucturés of early China\Qbex
dient servants ate rewarded.avith gifts'and-pfoitiotion Dis
obedient lackeys are punished and/finally déstroyed!»Any.
creature who has moved up through ‘these' twistédsrariks, is
undoubtedly a creature of great wickediiess and éunning,
and should be treated'with caution.

The Thousanp Hrs

Tue Hew or
THe Seven Burning Seas

ItWould beshard for, most individuals-to. choosé*the
worse fate, burning or drowning» Thesouls*doomed to, thé
Hell of the Seven Burning Seas do both. As'they flaillabout
in thesséalding wWaters‘of ‘the "Burfiing Seas) they havea
ch@ice of trying t6"stay'abéye waterand having their gar-
ments, burst into flameyor'submerging and boiling them-
Selyes, Bventhose luckyfew.whorean find air pockets or
other brief-places of shélter.aré assaulted by superheated
steam that-insuréstheyifind no peace.

This:hellshouses those soulswhose crimes involve the
Waters of the Middle Kingdom. Pirates, pollutets and muti-
nous ¢rewmen suffer here. So do any number of murderers
Whg burned or drowned their victims,/As punishment for
their crimes, these souls are now denied the life-giving
Waters of the Middle Kingdom and forced to drown and boil
forever in the churning waters of the Burning ‘

There iso calm surface to the Burning Seas. Those
whoavoid undertows, devil-fish and steam bubbles to get to

Lr eS TF er Pr


Map oF Dasmarion: Grograpny

the surface find 2 roaring conflagration' tising thousands of
feet from the stormy face of the waves. One.part of the-hell
is worse than the next, with theseventh invariably being the
least hospitable of all. Those who somehow escape this hell
surface in the waters of another part of Yomi, often the
MB iood-seaiturrounding Lanka or the sludge dumps of the
~ Wicked City: Some Yomi theorists have suggested that it
should.be possible to swim to the River of Death from this
Placey-but.no 6ne has,suryived the attempt.

While the surface of the water is intolerable to any
» Geatare, the Gceatifloor is not. Nestled in the depths 6fithis)
hellareythe great cities ofthe Kanion@ Jigoku, twisted
chistacean spirits who are rarely-séen.in the Middle King"
dom. They havebuilt great cities of Volcanic glass and black
~_ coral where'they torment the wWorsr6f all the souls that dwell
here. Eventhrough the dark depths, of the sea,, the éerié
Pillars.of flame from theifyoleanié forges canbe seen»for
‘ miles. The Kani/aréycreaturés,of great industty, and they)

\ often create relics, weapons and implements of:térture for
theinmore humanoid allies, the akiuma who serve their lady,
the Empress of Pearls.

This Yama Queen never addresses any of her servants'
directly, instead communicating through»a.serie' of com-
plex omensithat are interpreted-by the high priests. attong
ther cult. Inisrumoréd:thatshe dwells at the greatest depths
Of this*hell where. any, other Creattite. would ifiplode from'
the presstite. At*timés.both Her, victimS"and servants have:
- sworn they havé'seen a great shadowy shape swimming many
Wleagiés away. Whether this isthe Motherchersélf oponie of
et more powerful sérvants-is‘Unknowti; but.untucky Kani
hadientire cities wiped out aspiinishinent for disoe-
ince, heresy and failure: The few Survivors ofthese attacks
jhisper.tales.of a'great "devil*fish" unlike anything else in,
the Burning Sea. They sweat the-beast'ravaged their Sett]é

ents arid devoured'the most impious sdtls, [Phas‘even been.
téd thatthe Yama Queen travels.tothe Middle King-
to caus great tSundmis, volcanic eruptions and:storms
send.cyen Morelsouls down'to"her dépths,-but most
spect this is" simplyetHe frightened, superstition of the.
etrified Quiicunx.dfithe Mother ofthe Depths des. visit
MiddleKingdom, it is for reasons unfathomable to the
pinds'6f tere Shen.
~The Waters of the Burnifig'Sea aré'so, saturated with:
‘lang-energyethat anything €ven remotely flammable ig-

Due té'the'inrenseiheat of the water itself, souls who
ytoo longin this Rel{ mayfindthemselyes bursting into
whilesunderwater, Such spontaneous*Combustion is
butit tsofter fatal as the'Yang-tairited waters feed:the
Hazeuntil!it consumes everything-around it. Unlike.che
waters"Ofethe Middle Kirigdomyethe Hell ‘of. the ‘Seyer'
Burnifig Seas i8ja place-not of lifeybut ofideath,

Far from the'eities ofthe Kani exists a gaping wound ir
The ocean floor. This chasm appearsto be a great tretich that
} vels farther dowmthat any. inhabitant of, therealm.can
The high priests among the Kanisweat that this place'tS
the home of their dark goddess and queen, and theyroften

43

take'traitors and interlopers to this trench and.cast them
into it, ‘tied to boulders, as a sacrifice to their Effipress, The
femains of these sacrifices come floating back Someé*time,
later) free of the boulder, and settle around: the mouth @f the
tretich. Over time, theléngth of the chasm Hasbhecome lined
by an enormous bone reef madeof theseremains, and rumors
circulate about the-tettifying"€reatures*that make their
homes withinthe palisade.of bones:

Tne Kesny

On a calffitightin the distantpast, a grand Quineunx:
wat junk, the*Keshi, "anchored off an island known forits
reVetence té"Hahano Fukamiy, Its. crew, threé exalted
battle wu, werethére ro'dispatch the akuma who were said
to. infest thésisland. While.novakuma or Kuei-jin wer
found, mortal' hedge*Wizardsewho dwelt on the, island
assaulted" thé*agentsi6f thesQuincunx, with magicsthe
Quineunx agents "decided were "gifts from the devils of
Yomi" By dawn, the mortals of the‘island wete butchered
and the Kuei-jin were well-fed. The vampites sét sail the
next night for the Bone Couitt of Shanghat:

They never made it. The Mothetof the'Depths mani-
fested as 2 Monstrousisea dragon and pulled the entite ship
into the Hell'Gf.the Seyén Burntifig Seas. The.cfewwere
quickly. ainihilatedwand theirsduls_found'their way to
theit_murderéss' domaiti" The "Keshi herself*was Seuttled
Giltside'Strerof the great Kani-cittés. After atime, the ship
begafi to biitn aid the entireeraft was quicklfengulfed in
flames.It"burnéd as hot anid bright as anything,in the
flammable waters of this hell, buethe wood would not char
or-the-sails ignite. This was looked upon as' powerfully
inauspicious omen, and the Kani buried:the Keshi far-from
their city. It iS*suggested that a great Quificurix treastire,
containing much Chi, must have been aboard tospfotect
the ship from destruction. In fact, it is the crew.ofithe Keshi
that protects it They inhabit the wreck of theitishipythe
one thing familiat to them in this hell, and seek to defend)
it against!Yorti's corruption. These powerful ghosts have
sailed their ship oh,the fiery surface of the water to rescue
Souls. fromthe, Yama Queénwofthis domain, but in every
case, the souls they tried to rescue,were already corrupted.
Everystimesthe»ship'siguardians discover this, the Keshi
sinks again, only totise in hope oncemore. Thelghost crew
believes thanWhenthey do rescue an innocentyictim from
the torméhts/6f che' Empress of Pearls, they will be allowed
to return to the Middle Kingdom.

DENjZENS

The most humerous inhabitantsjof the Seven Burning
Seasvare the. Kani ho Jigoku: These.ctablike demons aren't
partiéulatly humanoid, but they-can standivaguely upright
whenithe need arises. Theirshéllsare bright redylike boiled
lobster. The lower legs of thé Katiiaré'tentacles that enable
thm, co swim at tremendous speedsthrough thé boiling
Water, while their claws are surprisingly dexterous,

The Kani,are,unswervingly loyal to their Queen. She
gives no commands perse, but their fanatical fervor does
muchito compensate for their lack of leadership! They have
little diteercohtact With the Middle Kifigdomy though the

a4

occasional Kani may venture there asan entissary to one of
the island cults;spreading the glory,of the Empréss of Pearls.

This realm, being rich with Yang force, is populated by,
all manner of spirit fish. Demon*squid.and_devil-sharks
punish the wicked and devourthei?@hi) Various elementals
of fire, waterand stone can be found here asiwell, doing'the
primal bidding of the Lady of the*téalms

THe Hew oF
UpsjpE-Down SjNNERS

This domain defies desctiption: Depending 6n ac-
counts, thisiseither the cleverest of the Yomiréalms or the
maddest, hell dévised by the sickest 6f minds, Timesand
space ‘are inverted; sensation' and shOught.are "twisted,
Minutes. pass like an eternity; and millennia rush by.in'the
blink of an eye. It is a place-whére-torture.soothes and
failure produces feelings of elation andjoy,.Imthis Hell, the
strong pérish and only the weak survive. Thatwhichis soft
and dull cuts, while sharp objects bring comfort, A'Kuei-
jin may fall from agrear height with no efféet»yetmeet
destructionby seimbling on a:smooth road. The unwary
frequently assume that this hell is like othets they've beén
in. They learn their mistake within seconds*Recent arriy-
alsare oftemdriven mad 45 théir senses become jumbled. It
takes only a féw shortimititites, for souls'to begin'to see
odors, smell sounds'and hear the'sights»This, in cOnjunie-
tion with the fact that crossing a grassy"plain can"tayage
the body like a million razors, means that it is little'wonder,
that few venture far.into this place.

To make matters worséyafter long-periods in this hell
emotions grow jumbled as»well. Souls:begin to hate those
wha have helped themand love those who have done thet
wrong. They fear the helpless and»téfuse_to flee from
certain destruction.\The natives,of'this place Have little
trouble preying on the stronges-otitsiders, and"eyer'thé
weakest of these creatures is as/effective as if itwere.an
‘army of stronger foes,

Captiye shemfind that their skills.and powers démot
workhere as they should. The more potene theability, the
weaker and moredifficulmit becomes/A masterswordsman
finds himselfunable to Wold a swordiin' this domainyand a
créatureof legendary,strength finds itselfunable to stand.

No one-has.evermict the'Yama Kingwho tules here.
Tt_is-likely,.a-being»impossible to comprehénd witha
rational mind. Whéever he.is, itis believed that ‘he fas.
never féft this place, The realin is unbalanced toward,
neithér Yin nor Yang, but that is small consolation to the
souls trapped within,

Other Yama Kings do not venture into this domain. It
isrumored»thar ven they féar the nature of the place, and
with good reason? When you'ihvert thenature of a datk god,

‘The Thousasn Hrus

what is left but'a good-natured child? No Yamia'King wishes,
to risk histcandidacy for the Demon. Throne by finding,out
the truth'of thatproposition:

Paces or Nore
The Crossroaps

The,Gtossroads rest near the atrivalpoints for most who:
arriyéin this'Hell, Ustially‘a soul comesiro this place shortly
after arriving, but‘after traveling a fair distances Four paths
tadiateoutiat right angles to one another. After a few hours,
a trayelér cannotremember Whichdirectiomshe came from
or where'she i8;or €¥en.distinguish which direction she's
facing?' Souls become fascinated by the simple signpost here
andsuffer the mostintense feeling of being lost they've ever
knoWn. A few particularly unlucky individuals have been
driven mad by this place alone, though most endure to walk
ona bit farther.

Denjzens

The denizensiof this realm areas much a mystery/as the
Yama Kingthey serve. They are imperceptible to the normal
sénses*One may beable to see their odor or hear their faces;
but few can process such snippets of aliensinformation into
‘any-picture that Catmbe re¢ognized by a rational mind.

These demons donottouch the physical forms of those™
theystérment.. Theyhaunt theirminds instead, enhancing
feelings of terror and uncertainty in the strong and leading
the weak into ets of arroganceand cruelty. Thankfully, the
domain's inhabitants'rately,intriide into the Middle Kin,
dom. tis hot Certain ifthisis by their own choiceor the fact™
that they simiply.are-incapable of surviving outside of their
own,-highly'specialized, environment.



Tue Narore or
"THe Yama Kings

The undisputed masters of Yomi are the Yama Kings.
Infernal entities of immense power, the Yama Kings draw their
) vast power from spiritual corruption and the suffering of the
spirits trapped and tormented in their domains. There are a
handful of Yama Kings who do not claim a domain, but most of
the hells are actively ruled by the lords of Yomi, who fancy
themselves the dark gods of their domains. There is a clear
wpititual connection between the lords of Yomi and the hells
they rule, and it is common fora domain to take on the quirks
and instabilities of the Yama King who rules it.

Most Yama Kings strive toward one goal: to throw the
"August Personage of Jade from the throne of Heaven once the
Sixth Age atrivesand then toseize the title of Demon Emperor.
The prophecies are regrettably clear on this matter, and the
question is not if one of the Yama Kings will rule over Heaven
and Earth, but when and which Yama King it will be. Scheme
after malevolent scheme, some of them millennia old, are

Coming to fruition now as the Yama Kings reap the harvest from
Be peisof agony planted long ago. Their time is coming son,
they feel, and each wishes to be in the best possible position to
size the Mandate of Heaven.

——

FNE FALE
OF OMT:
TNE YAMA KINGS

The majority of Yama Kings are imbalanced toward either
the Yin or Yang principle, manifesting the most vile and
twisted aspects of their imbalance the way mortals demonstrate
their taste in clothing or hobbies. Those inclined toward Yin
are ceaselessly calculating and cruel, while those with a Yang
imbalance exemplify the vices of incendiary rage and insane
over-stimulation:

Some few Yama Kings have maintained a balance of Chi,
or represent unfathomable mixtures of Yin and Yang. These
entities are rare and odd, even among the bizarre ranks of the
Yama Kings, who consider them to be odd curiosities. Of these,
only the fabled Yen-Lo ever had any power to speak of, not that
it helped him much in his struggles with his peers and rivals.

Regardless of their karmic inclinations, the Yama Kings
represent an'evil of such magnitude that the mortal mind can
scarcely conceive it, much less oppose‘it. Any direct confron-
tation with any of these entities is almost certain to result in an
eternity of suffering in the hell of the Yama King's choosing.
One might as well attempt to slay hate or pain as to seek to,
destroy a Yama King; the level of power necessary issomething
beyond mortal imagination.


At their essence, the Yama Kings are a system that has
gone wildly out of control. Originally intended to tend the
spirits of the dead who demanded exceptional punishment,
over the centuries they have instead slipped their celestial
leash and arrogated unto themselves power never intended
for them. They corrupt the Middle Kingdom and roost like
shrikes in Yomi, wallowing in the sustenance their euelty
generates.

In truth, "Yama King" is more of a title than anything
else. The origins of the various beings who stalk Yomi like
colossi arévaried. Some were created by the Scarlet Queen
and her consort, others set in their place by the August
Personage of Jade. Others seem to be akin to ghostly
Malfeans, spirits of vast atrocity or even the ancient rivals
of Yu Huang, grown terrible in their power. Still, the roots
of the Yama Kings matter less and less with each passing
year; they are more akin to each other than they are
different, and all of them are possessors of great power and
dominion within Yomi.

As the Ages have unfolded, certain of the original Yama

Kings have met with annihilation. Some spiraled out of

f ¥

& Guawing Fear
The Yama Kings have stolen chunks of Heaven
and rent asunder the hells. They have corrupred the
Middle Kingdom and tainted the Chi of uncounted
realms. Their enemies are scattered or enthralled, and
} the August Personage of Jade no longer stands in their {
way. Why, then, are the Yama Kings afraid?

Deep in each one's heart is a cold ember of terror,
never quite extinguished regardless of how many atroci-
ties the Yama King might commit. Even the screams of
the tormented are not enough to drown out the small
voice whispering in each Yama King's ear, causing him
to know fear.

The secret fear that each Yama King harbors (and
all of them share this terror, though none confesses it to
his peers for fear of being thought weak) is that'some-
how, in some way, they were permitted to achieve all
that they have done. After the creation of Yomi, the
August Personage could easily have destroyed them —
butinstead, he merely smiled and left them'to their own
devices. The Wan Xian, so effective for so long at
thwarting the Yama Kings, were allowed to grow cor-
tupt, and thence removed from their duties — again, }
why? Could it be that the Yama Kings' schemes and
atrocities were merely what they were allotted, and that
all of their actions are really the complicated steps
performed by a particularly clever puppet? If that is the
case, what is the ultimate fate for these marionettes
who thought themselves puppetmasters? Will they be
rewarded for a job well done — or discarded?

That is the fear that torments the Yama Kings, and
it will continue to gnaw ar their hearts until the end of
time, if not beyond.

~ Kings' rage makes volcanoes erupt or oceans freeze; reality"

"most Yama Kings feel safe. The majority of these devils

») nent Yama Kings exist.

contral and destroyed themselves. Some, like Yen-Lo, were
murdered by their fellow Yama Kings, while others were put
down. to prevent Yomi from being ripped asunder
within. The dread Shau-yar Han's death screams echo still
in the hearts of the Yama Kings who were forced by his
madness to destroy him, suffering great agonies to do so. Still
others were destroyed by agents of the Middle Kingdom. At
least one was absorbed into the fabric of Yomi during the
first great consolidation of tainted Chi.

As Yama Kings can be destroyed, so too can new Yama
Kings arise, Some few inhabitants of the Middle Kingdom
‘have channeled their dark ambition and vile natures to
forge a place for themselves in Yomi, Depending on the
legends one listens to, one hears that these entities were
monstrous mortals trafficking in hellish pleasures, spirits
vengeance gone bad, or sken who found a way to turn their
corruption intova source of power. This is the dark apotheo-
sis sought by those who follow the Howl of the Devil-Tiger |
Dharma and, happily, few have ever achieved it.

The STRENGTH OF THE Yama Kings

The demonic lords of the Yomi realm wield unfatho:
able power, When they are in their own domains, the Ya

‘itself shifts to appease them. Here — and only here — do.

prefer to sit like bloated spiders at the center of their webs)
orchestrating events through their chosen agents.

Outside their own hells, the Yama Kings' power fades"
rapidly. While they retain great power everywhere in Yomi,
a Yama King in another's domain is at the mercy of his host.
Most Yama Kings do not trust their fellows enough to enter
their domains, and with good reason. More than one Yama

‘

How Many Devjis?
One of the great unknowns concerning the
) Yama Kings is their number. While most who know
of the Yomi Lords have heard of Tou Mu and
Mikaboshi, few know how many other, less promi-

Most scholars of cosmology say that there are
but 10 Yama Kings, but the source for this number
is The Red Book of the Iron Bridge, which may or may
not be accurate. Others, particularly those who
have spent time in Yomi, swear that there are orders
of magnitude more than that, all orchestrating
their own schemes to rise to the position of Demon
Emperor. There are uncountable hells in Yomi, and
ifeach one is ruled by its own Yama King, then the
Yama Kings are truly legion.

Those who believe that there are thousands of
Yama Kings suggest that many of these lords are very
weak or have little interest in the Middle Kingdom.
Still, with thousands of beings of great power dwelling
in Yomi, most shen agree that there is no more danger-
ous place in all of creation than the Thousand Hells.

‘Tie Fact or Yorg: The Yana Kings 4

King has met with destruction in the domain of another, and the lesson has been studied carefully by all survivors.
In the material world, the power of the Yama Kings ebbs toa fraction of what it is in Yomi. While that's still
enough to annihilate all but the greatest ancestors and certain other powerful shen, this weakening makes the

Yama Kings feel intolerably vulnerable. As a result they enter the Middle Kingdom only for the briefest

periods, and then only with a small army of servitors. Most Yama Kings are wise enough to know that

charisma, suggestion and etiquette are more effective tools than flagrant

displays of magic, violence and steel. The akuma in their service,

~ however, may or may not share this outlook.

Described below are some of the more prominent or
noteworthy Yama Kings. The existence of most of these
beings is known to those who have traveled through or

dealt with the Yomi World (or who have at least one
dot in Cosmology). The Yama Kings are crea-
tures of ancient lineage and vast power. Any
attempt to harm a Yama King made by a lesser
being is doomed to failure. Even in the Middle
Kingdom, where the Yama Kings are weak-
est, only the greatest of arhats would possi-
by be able to best a demon lord, and the
athats know better than to try.

EMma-o:
The Dajrxo
oF THE Dark

Emma-o, the lord of the Kakuri Hell,
began his existence before the Japanese
invaded the nation they now call home.
Originally, Emma-o was a guide of the
dead for the Ainu, who lived on the
jislands now called Japan. Emma-o was
tevered by the Ainu for his graciousness
toward their dead, and shrines and temples
tohim were ubiquitous. The influx of spiri-
‘tual energy and belief this worship pro-
duced granted Emma-o great power, and it
was this power that he used to protect the
"good and punish the wicked among the
Ainu.

That changed around 2000 B.C.E.
when the Japanese decimated and sub-
jpgated Emma-o's people. Over the cen-
"turies, the Ainu way of life vanished.
Those few who remain are far from
their former glory. As the Ainu's way
of life changed, so did Emma-o. He
became bitter, cold and harsh. He
wished vengeance on those who had
destroyed his people and scattered
"his worshippers. The Japanese gave
him that opportunity.

Like many conquering people,
the Japanese adopted many tradi-
tions from the people they con-
gquered. The Japanese had often
"seen the Ainu, invoke Emma-o's

ee


name to punish: the souls of the invaders and |

that the spirit was some sort of demonic lord of punishment.
Over time, this beliefspread and was accepted into Japanese
culture, For decades, Emma-o scoffed at this unflattering
portrayal, but as more and more Japanese embraced this
belief, he found himself becoming exactly that — the Japa-
nese Lord of the Underworld.

Had Emma-o been' ‘spirit from a peacefully invented
native culture, he may have more gracefully accepted his
new role in the celestial hierarchy, but his resentment of the
Japanese invaders would not abate. He didn'r just feel

obligated to:punish the souls of the Japanese, but rather, he

truly wanted to do so. Even the souls of the just earned his ire.

Emma-o soon found a huge quantity of souls coming to
him. Intook very little time for him to carve his own hell
from the spirit realms in which to house his treasures, which
he ruled with great and majestic cruelty. During this period,
the Yomi remained little more than a loose collective of
stolen realms bordering one another, and it was relatively
easy to metamorphose one domain into another. While
doing so resulted in more conflict with other Japanese Yama
Kings, it took very little for Emma-o to turn his simple

underworld, Soko no Kuni, "the Deep Land," into Kakuri,

the dark and iey hell he.now rules...

While Emma-o reworked his domain, the Yin realm } against him are many ageless monks, samurai,

around Japan was especially crowded. At feast two other
Yama Kings were vying with Emma-o for:control of the dark
lands. Most problematic to. Emma-o.was Pika Don, the an-
cient grotesque tavager of Japan's ghostlands. The two had
clashed repeatedly as Emma-o began taking more and more
Japanese souls to Kakuri. Of secondary importance was a new
and relatively weak Yama King, called Mikaboshi, whom
Emma-o intended to destroy.

For centuries, Emma-o kept a small section of his hell
unchanged for the just souls of the Ainu people, but over the
course of history, as the Ainu were subsumed by the invad-
ers, Emma-oall but forgot his origins. He fully embraced the

ideology and values-of the Japanese and then twisted them

to best torment the souls thatcame to his realm. He relished
draining the will from the souls imprisoned in Kakuri. Were
he able to remember his past, he might even take
tormenting the souls of those who subjugated his people, but
there is little of who he once was left in him.

Emma-o now contemplates the coming of the Sixth
Age. In his stronghold, Kyuden no Kakuri, Emma-o sum-
mons his most trusted shikome to him seven times a week, so
that they might serve him behind the great sealed obsidian
doars. He orders his shikome bind him and flay the skin from
his muscle and sever the muscle from his bones with their
whips and daggers. In this way does the Daimyo of the Dark
allow himself to be punished for his wickedness: On a good
night this process is completed within an hour. When the
shikome are feeling particularly cruel, they can make their
lord suffer for up to 20 hours by rationing out his suffering,
blow by agonizing blow. It is rumored that when a shikome
inflicts a particularly inspired agony upon Emma-o, he
rewards her with her freedom. Where the shikome go when
he releases them is unknown.

ancient feelings ah ocak eaneuetty Long ago he:
himself above the Japanese because of what he perces

Despite Emma-
shakes even his preternat
mortals overcome petty tenc
honor. In most cases, just annoying, but in the case
one being it truly disconcerts him. This entity is Jizo
Bosatsu, whose ability to exist comforeably in Kakuri terti-
fies Emma-o.

fi
Tue Honorasis One

Despite the spiritual degradation of Japan
and the strengthening of Emma-o's vast power,
old and powerful enemies still plague him, even
within his own domain. Among those who stand

Shih and chi'n ta. Often, their harassment en-
dures even after they. have become Kuei-jin-or
wraiths. These beings have little in common
save their desire to redeem Japan from the cor-

) ruption visited upon it by Emma-o and the other
Yama Kings. By far the most renowned of these is
Jizo-Bosatsu.

Jizo is an utter enigma to scholars and to
Emma-o himself. He is rarely seen in the Middle
Kingdom, preferring to wander the desolate land-
scape of Kakuri, comforting and inspiring those
trapped there. A few Kuei-jin, former captives in
Kakuri, swear thar it was Jizo-Bosatsu who in-
spired (and empowered) them to return to the
mortal world. Some even say. that the monk has
faced down Emma-o himself, though none (alive)
witnessed this confrontation.

The identity of Jizo-Bosatsu is unknown. Some
whisper that he's a powerful arhat ora benevolent
spirit of honor. Others suggest that he may be the
physical manifestation of Emma-o's abandoned
Hun, Few even know where to begin to search for
the answers. What is known is that those in the
Middle Kingdom who follow his example are
among Emma-o's most relentless enemies. By ad-
hering to a strict (some say excessive) code of
honor, compassion and rightness-of-action, these
humble monks embody all traits antithetical to
Emma-o, and their very existence is an insult he
punishes harshly. It is fortunate for them, then,
that they are immune to the charms of theshikome.

f

if


oF Yous: The Yasa Kies

Emma-o's mode of operations mirrors the trappings of
anese business. He cares little for immediate results;
ead, he is looking for long-term gains that will further
ultimate goal. In the end, he knows the throne of the
on Emperor will be won by plans made now, not in the
moments before the Sixth Age,
_ Emma-o himself appears most commonly asan exceed-
ngly tall man with a black beard and eyes that radiate
‘malice. Unless he chooses otherwise, he has no Asian
tures and is extremely hairy, a remnant of his Ainu
heritage. His skin, where it shows through, looks like
idian and is made of the substance of pure Yin. He
c ‘Occasionally wears a vestment of fine Ainu cloth embrol-
‘dered with exquisitely rendered scenes of battle, disease and
. He carries a fan or a sword for ornament when the
takes him.
All of Emma-o's servants are female. Foremost among
m are the shikome. Many of these Kuei-jin were abused,
‘neglected or forgotten in their mortal years, and now
hi ppily serve their master in whom they have found the
ities of a father, loverand lord. He, in turn, shows them
The Yama King does not hesitate to punish the
rent and rebellious, however, and many souls wal
tortured wastes of Kakuri once served him as one of

OSHS

D oF THE Wicxep City

Mikaboshi is a product of his own ambition: He began
‘hisdays as a philosopher and scholar in Japan, and traveled
China to study in the schools of thenascent Dalou'laoshi.
"Mikaboshi's mastery. of the principles of geomancy and
emy made him one of the most celebrated scholars of
time, and he was invited to be an advisor in the Chou
Dynasty. However, Mikaboshi wanted to rule, not advise,
ind he returned to Japan vowing to rise to power one way
or the other.
The way he eventually chose was infernalism. With his
ast knowledge of magic, Mikaboshi ensnared ademon and
jertogated it. After pulling all knowledge of Yomi and the
it worlds from it, Mikaboshi slew the demon, butchered
‘Wand distilled the creature's essence into' an elixir that
nted Mikaboshi access to the cold realms of the dead.
hen he returned from the Yellow Springs, Mikaboshi
his standing in the court and his skills as a fang shih, or
eomancer, to have a series of monuments built in the
dchueh ming configuration that amplified and concen-
ted unhealthy Chi at the center. When the construction
led, Mikaboshi returned to the Yin realm to the center
thé chueh ming configuration to see what he had wrought.
feeping ghosts stood around him, and he felt the Chi of
"their suffering flow to him (a result of the demon elixir).
That, however, was only the beginning. Mikaboshi had
t and more complex configurations built to harness
Chi until a visiting artisan of the Dalou'laoshi saw
Mikaboshi was doing and sent word back to the

Snjxome: The CHjtyyng Ones

By trial and error, Emma-o has created a
fierce legion of female akuma to act as his
bodyguards, servants and concubines. He has
trained his servants mercilessly until they are
the ideal Yin-aspected killers: quiet, emotion-
less and icily cunning.

Every shikome was hand-picked by Emma-o
himself and carefully lured into becoming one of
his akuma. They share many similarities: Each is
devastatingly beautiful and utterly sociopathic.
Most shikome are past masters of the Yin Prana
and Bone Shintai Disciplines, though none bears
the marks of the ch'ing shih.

A shikome's most dangerous ability is her skill
at manipulating men. Shikome feed on the Will-
power of men the way most Kuei-jin feed on Chi.
While women automatically despise shikome and
try toattack them, men will do anything for them,
give them anything they desire and die for them
in the hopes of a kind glance (which they will
never get).

System: When confronted with a shikome,
male characters roll their Willpower against the
shikome's Appearance + Manipulation (difficulty
8 for both). If the shikome has more successes, the
character loses one Willpower for every success
achieved by the shikome above the number of his
successes. This roll is made each round until the
character reaches zero Willpower, at which point
the shikome asks the character to commit some
foul deed in the name of Emma-o. One shikome
has found her way into infamy by asking Kuei-jin
so charmed to go "watch the sun rise for me."

Female characters roll their Hun against the
shikome's Appearance + Manipulation (difficulty
8 for both). If the character gets more successes,
she retains her composure, but if the shikome gets
more successes, the character attacks immedi-
ately with her most dangerous weapon or Disci-
pline. The shikome will initially ask male charac-
ters to protect her. Failing that, she will proceed
to. use her martial prowess to send another soul
screaming into Yomi.

At Storyteller discretion, gender reactions
can be reversed based on character preference.


a)
school. Mikaboshi's configurations were torn down; and he fled to the Yin realm where power was plentiful for him. He
built configurations in the Yin world to channel torment from the mortal world directly to him, but unable to harness the
power that flooded through those channels, Mikaboshi grew grossly fat. F.

The early geomantic configurations Mikaboshi built quickly grew into a town built on principles of disharmony. As
more souls were pulled in, the town became a city, and Mikaboshi attained a level of power that put him on par with _
the weaker Yama Kings. It was then that Pika Don and Emma-o took notice of him. Pika
Don, the ancient and cunning monstros- 7
ity thacstalked and ravaged the souls |
of the dead proved to be rela: 7
tively easy to appease with
occasional sacrifices of souls
and Chi, but Emma-o. was
spiteful and attacked 7
Mikaboshi with legions of
shikome at every opportu
nity. The bizarre flow of
Chi around the Wicked
City, however, insured that
whatever the invading 5
shikome did, it was always.
plagued by disharmony
and bad joss.
For eentuti
Mikaboshi fought off the
depredarions of Emma-o,
= The souls ‘caught between |
the two Yama Kings were in —
agony regardless of whose hell
they were in, but that mat- _
tered little to their overlords. 7
Certain border provinces
> changed hands between Kakuri_
and the Wicked City over 500
times. All omens pointed to"
Emma-o destroying the Wicked
City, until the arrival of the pow- |
ers of the West and the technol- |
ogy they brought with them. |
Mikaboshi's quick-witted use
artifact and relic weapons. and
technology shifted the balance
of power, perhaps decisively.
y Almost solely due to his quick

adaptation to technology and the
opportunities it presented,
Mikabashi now ranks among the J
most powerful of the Yama |
Kings. Two centuries ago he"
was warring with Emma-o and!

losing territory almost daily,
The Wicked City now exceeds |
; Kakuri in souls, and many ex- 4
isi a pect him to ascend to the throne)
* of the Demon Emperor when the
4

Sixth Age thunders in.

"Tue Face oF Yous: Te Yara Kings

There has never been a moment when Mikaboshi did
not want more than he had, and this is still true. There are
those who say that Mikaboshi's ambition is both his great-
_ et strength and his most glaring weakness. A hunger for
_ power has pushed the lord of the Wicked City to rash acts.
> of brilliance that have surprised his rivals and gained him
"agreat deal in a very short span of time. Regrettably, his
"tendency to focus on his own great schemes has often
blinded him to the manipulations of others. He has been
‘outwitted before in this way, although those who do so
_ inevitably wind up as the object of his machinations. Only

Emma-o has ever survived his direct attentions.
Mikaboshi is obsessed with becoming the Demon Em-
"peror. To accomplish this he seeks to expand his holdings
in the Yomi World and the Middle Kingdom. Each day he
spreads urban blight and decay like a seine to pull in more
Souls to his domain. He has no interest in thwarting his
fellow Yama Kings; Mikaboshi prefers simply to make his
_ power base so monolithic that he cannot be defeated. He
~ knows that once he has taken control of the Sixth Age, he
ill need skilled servants, so he sees no reason, to destroy
is rivals now. In the meantime, he entertains himself with
games and pastimes that shame the worst excesses of
mortal powermongers. i

Mikaboshi is rarely seen outside his tower in the
Wicked City. Those few who have ventured there, or who:
have seen him elsewhere, claim that he is a grotesquely fat
and pallid creature supported by a complex techno-organic
Structure. This exo-skeleton is often seen suspended from
the ceiling or carried about by swarms of cyborg slaves.
These servants are typically lashed to the lord's techno-
~ logical carriage by cables that coil around their necks and

500 into their skulls. Disobedience or incompetence results in
d to "direct electrical stimulation of the pain centers of the
cked brain. Mikaboshi's cybernetic form boasts an array of weap-
pows ons and implants. These devices can change at the lord's

whim, though the Lord of the Wicked City seems to have
‘fondness for tentaclelike devices that end in a variety of
Tipping and injecting instruments.

Some akuma claim to have seen Mikaboshi in a com-
pletely different guise. In these cases, the witnesses claim
that the Yama King appeared as a Japanese man with
‘mechanical hands, dressed in a finely tailored suit. It is
Ptimored that this is how he dresses when he finds it
pecessary to take care of business in the Middle Kingdom
personally, something he does with a frequency that dis-

Yama Mths the other Yama Kings.
O ‘9 The sheer number and adaptability of Mikaboshi's
2 and |

"servants serve as a true testament to his tactical brilliance:
"The Lord of the Wicked City scrutinizes his followers with
the eye of an architect (or a high-level manager), making
ure that the correct minions go to work where they are
"thost effective. The end result is an infernal hierarchy that
‘sgreater than the sum of its parts. If one of those parts
becomes ineffectual or compromised, it is replaced. In
Mikaboshi's view, all cogs are equally replaceable; those
ling to give everything to their dark manager achieve
"upward mobility, while those who are weak remain at the

bottom where they are inevitably crushed by the great iron
wheel of Mikaboshi's advancement engine.

The organization of Mikaboshi's legions is part corpo-
rate empire and part feudal court. Powerful akuma organize
and direct his operations. He has Kuei-jin agents to infil-
trate the courts, Kumo spies to bring him information, and
bakemono thugs to enforce his will. More than any other
Yama King, Mikaboshi employs Lighting People, and
through them he manipulates the stock exchange to protect
his holdings in the Middle Kingdom and devastate those of
his rivals. Mikaboshi's minions are distinct from other Japa-
nese corporate businessmen only in that few businessmen
literally consume the living flesh of their rivals and strive to
corrupt the natural balance. Only malice takes precedence
over profit, and then only on special occasions.

The Lord of the Wicked City also uses mortals with an
effectiveness that the other Yama Kings envy. Yakuza en-
forcers, corporate raiders and government officials all labor,
sometimes unknowingly, to expand the source of his power
—the cities of the East and the corruption that breeds there.

Ravana: Rajan or Demons

Tn the ruined hell of Lanka can be found Ravana, the
devastated lord. At one time this Yama King was the most
feared and powerful of all the Yang-aspected lords of Yomi.
His minions, the shapechanging rakshas, were fierce crea-
tures who terrorized demon and man alike.

Then Ravana, with his vile love of desecrating glades
and temples, so enraged the powers who served the Green
Mother — even beyond the other Yama Kings — that they
senta clever hengeyokai named Hanuman to teach Ravana
humility. The Kitsune and the Nuwisha both claim Hanuman
asone of their own, though the legends suggest that Hanuman
was.a monkey. With masterful stealth, Hanuman infiltrated
Lanka and, using Gifts given to him specifically to punish
Ravana, he engulfed the whole island in cleansing fire. The
island screamed, the ministries of pain collapsed, and the
island bucked in agony as the walls of its buildings burned
and crumbled, The strong Yang imbalance of Lanka made it
ivant to burn, and so most of it did. Only the center of the
island, the land beneath Ravana's palace and the unholy
temple where sacrifices were made to the island itself, still
show any signs of life.

Now, Ravana's kingdom, once a foul example of hell-
ish efficiency, crumbles around him. The carefully planned
ministries of torment remain charred and unused. No souls
come to Lanka from the Middle Kingdom, only refugees
from other domains. Some of these creatures do not realize
they are instill hell at all, and are trying to establish courts,
the better to clean and repair the sprawling dead city.
Ravana himself, meanwhile, remains hidden in his pulsat-
ing demon keep, pondering what new horrors he might
reap the greatest benefit from. He thinks he's finally ar-
rived at one.

Ravana was once the most arrogant and selfish of all the
Yama Kings. He truly believed that no being could surpass
him in power, intellect or cruelty. This arrogance made him

many of his fellow Yama
Kings, who'seem to prefer a,

few select shapes, Ravana's
visage is always in flux. He
may even shift several times
over the course ofa conver- », 6
sation, The only.


Face oF Yous: The Yan Koucs 3 5 55
| SeRviTORS

jn Rigutrous Fre... Ravana's favored warriors and spies are his rakshas.

ay 12, 1998, seats ‘ Most rakshas are hengeyokai who have been terribly trans-

On May 998, India tested its first nuclear Autroed hy athe) think Pan Kar Tiieohes choctes besine

their flesh and spirit are inured to the rigors of transforma-

tion. The favored among the raksha also possess a number of

other powers, often control of fire or storms, making them
truly dangerous foes.

Alternatively, Ravana may use akuma with knowl-

edge of the shifting arts, though such beings are not

considered rakshas, These lesser creatures possess the

weapon. The political and military ramifica-

tions were felt all over the world. Within days,

Pakistan, Iran and many other nations hinted

>} that they too might be forced to "go nuclear" as

: | a result of India's bold statement. {
India now makes many of the currently

nuclear-capable nations nervous. The United

\ States was at the forefront of condemning India's Flesh Shintai Discipline, and all have an especially bes-
» current tactics, but nearby China would seem to tial Demon Shintai form.
have more cause to worry. Though their master may no longer be so feared as
And that's precisely the way Ravana wants it. others of the Yama Kings, the rakshas are perhaps the most
Since the bombings of Hiroshima and dangerous servitors used by any of the demon lords. Their
Nagasaki, most Yama Kings have pondered the infinite adaptability makes them resilient and nearly impos-
potential of nuclear war. Over time, most of the sible to destroy. Every year Ravana remains hidden in his
Yama Kings have decided that too little would demon keep, pouting and plotting, more rakshas make their
temain of the spirit world to warrant the effort. way from Lanka to partake of the power and pleasures of the
Most souls destroyed by such weapons are so Middle Kingdom themselves. Whether they will return to
tainted as to be useless, even to a Yama King. Lanka if Ravana calls chem is a matter of some debate.
And so they have looked elsewhere for their
paver Rangpa: The PesTennjar Queen
Ravana has not. He believes he knows how Rangda is the Yama Queen who draws power and suste-
to harvest the souls of the nuclear dead. Better nance from those sinners who have metill ends from disease.
yet, if the nuclear exchange is large enough, he | She is Preeeae wherever plagues and cancers ravage the
believes he could rip up the devastated dragon Middle Kingdom. Her powers have waxed and waned over

lines of the surrounding countries and channel theyears, burshe is always there to strip the souls from those
them directly into his ruined hell. So, while _etties that have been brought down by pestilence,
Ravana rocks and mutters to himself in his writh- Rangda iis the least arrogant of the Yama Kings. Neither
haughty nor greedy, Rangda feels that disease and slow
death should be available to all, rich or poor, city- and
country-dweller alike. To thisend she is the most egalitarian
of the Yama Kings. She wants only that all living beings fall
Gackid - under her sway and die after enduring as much agony as
our ea CC Ne: ! possible, She despises the healthy, as they are/an affront to
Whatever the case, when the Sixth Age her, butshe loves the sick with an intensity and literalness
arrives, if Ravana has his way, it is likely to be that even the other Yama Kings find disturbing.
ushered in with a very loud bang. This Yama Queen's chief goal is simple: she wishes to
spread plague and pestilence across the Middle Kingdom so
that she can drink in the energy of the multitudes of dying
souls, The creative ways she works toward these goals bear

ing demon keep, his loyal rakshas assume the
guises of Indian, Pakistani and Chinese generals
and nuclear officials. And all of them say the
same thing, chanting it like a mantra: "We must

Raxsnas: Tnose Wito Caance close attention. Rangda has agents throughout the East who
Ravana saw the mighty hengeyokai asa work to prevent health education or the regulation (or even ac-
be improved upon. If those creatures were so power- *  knowledgment) of prostitution in order to increase the
ful, with only animal and human forms to alternate spread of diseases like AIDS, hepatitis and syphilis. She also
"between, how much more powerful would be crea- impedes research into vaccines or cures that might slow the
tures that could assume the form of any creature? To sptead of her power.
this end he created the infinitely malleable rakshas, Thailand is currently Rangda's favorite nation. With
True rakshas are spirits of nature tainted by the over half the country infected with HIV, Thailand isa time

bomb that will begin going off very soon, and when it does,
she expects the flood of souls rushing into her domain to
allow her to vie quite aggressively for the position of Demon
Empress. Rangda has recently also begun claiming the souls
of sinners who come to her after dying of cancer and the
other strange ailments caused by exposure to toxic wastes.

corrupting powers of Lanka. They are able to assume
| the shapes ofall creatures and all shapes between any
two animals. Clearly, the takshas are powerful war-
riors, and because they can also perfectly mimic
mortals, Ravana uses them as spies, and in that role
they are insidious and devastating.

The acrid and sooty air of China's big cities
brings her a constant supply of souls and
fouled Chi in this way. '

Rangda is one of the few lords of Yomi to
take interest in nuclear power and biochemical
warfare. The poisonings and cancers caused by.
these new technologies have already in-
creased her power significantly, Only
time will tell if she has the opportunity
to use these tools to her benefit before
the Sixth Age arrives. It is Rangda's
fondest wish that a large war break our
wherein biological, chemical and nuclear
weapons are all utilized simultaneously.
Such an event would assure her the De-
mon Throne.

Rangda can assume many forms, but
her favorite shape is that of a beautiful
woman covered with lesions and fester-
ing sores: Her hair is long and black,
and her body is unclothed, save for a
tattered foincloth around her waist.
While her features are lovely, her dis-
¢ase-ridden appearance is enough to
move all bur the strongest-willed to
outright revulsion.

Rangda's servants are a varied lot.
She makes occasional use of akuma,
éspecially those with influence in
health care. She prefers to use these
quiet agents to subvert disease re-
search and expedite experi-
mentation with biological
warfare. For less subtle work,
Rangda employs. creatures
spawned from the hellish mag-
gots of her realm. These crea-
tures are the living embodiment
of disease, full of raging Yang en-
ergy, and their soft white bodies
Spread rot and decay better than
any other agent. Their appearances
Vary, but their function alwaysis the
Same: to serve their queen by infect-
ing those around them. The same
holds true for her other servitors, the
plague zombies, whom she saturates
with disease, makes beautiful, and then
sends out to infect as many denizens of
the Middle Kingdom as she can. No other
agents of Rangda's are as successful, and
Kuei-jin seek to destroy these plague-bearers
when they can, ifonly to protect their
living descendants,

~..

,


Tee Face oF Yous: The Yana 37

Tou Mu: Tne jron Evpress

The Kuei-jin have an enemyin Yomi more terrible than

any other, and her name is Tou Mu. While the other Yama

_ Kings see the vampires of the Middle Kingdom as

4 p tools and vanquished foes, the Iron Empress has

i/ My not forgotten the effrontery of the Wan Xian,
and the Kuei-jin bear her wrath as a result.

E Tou Mu is among the most malicious of
the Yama Kings, and it is this hatefulness
that has brought her so near the throne
of the Demon Emperor. The Iron Em-
pressis by farthe best-known
Yama Queen, perhaps be-
cause unlike other Yama
Kings who spread evil in

a myriad of guises, Tou

Ma always appears the
same way: a8. a woman in
elaborate iron armor com-
plete with horned mask and
talonlike gauntlets on each of
her [8'arms. Her long black hair
flows out from behind the steely
mask, the one human touch
she allows herself.
Tou Mu was ‘created
4 $j 4 by the Searlet Queen and
q ao 7 the Ebon Dragon asa us

<f to punish the arrogant an

Las tunmerciful. Such a mandate
became ironic once Tou Mu
had her first taste of corrupt
Chi, however, as she soon
Surpassed any of her vic-
tims in pride and cruelty.
Tempting mortals into
atrocities became an art
form to Tou Mu. She
mapped the territories of
hatred, greed and lust in
the human heart, and wel-
comed soul after soul to
her hellafter leading them
into chainsof violentevents that
they could never have foreseen.
In this way, Tou Mu became one
of the most powerful Yama Kings
early on.

And then the Wan Xian were
created. The Ten Thousand Im-
mortals were brought to life
by the August Personage
as guardians of the Middle
Kingdom, and granted
tremendous enlighten-
ment to protect their
charges. With the ar-.
rival of the Wan Xian,

Tue jron Panopiy

The infamous iron panoply of Tou Mu does
much, much more than simply shield the Iron
Empress from the abrading winds of her domain.

} Ir frequently shows signs of sentience, moving of {

its own accord on occasion to protect the Yama
Queen from threats she had not sensed. It pro-
duces a formidable array of weaponry from its
own dark substance, including spinning blades,
iron chains terminating in hooks, shuriken, drill
bits and metal tentacles. Some believe it to bean
independent demonic entity bound to Tou Mu
in some way, while others have suggested the
inverse. It was a gift, some say, from the Outer
Ones. Regardless of its nature, the armor con:
stantly shifts according to Tou Mu's wishes. When
she is meeting with Those Outside, it appears
sinewy and techno-organic; alternatively, if she
is in the midst of battle, it appears coarser, like
the crudest work of a primitive blacksmith.

The panoply retains certain features at all
times. It is never any color other than dark iron
gray, there is never a mouth slit, and the crown
of horns, three eye slits and sharp, barbed talons
on her gauntlets all remain as signatures of this
Yama Queen. It is very important to Tou Mu that
she be recognized for who and what she is:at all
times, and woe unto those who impersonate her.

the schemes of the Yama Kings tore apart like poorly
woven silk.

The Iron Empress watched in fury as her dupes were
exposed and her servitors slain. When she tried to punish
the Grand Wan Xian Lei-Tsu, he called-an army of Wan
Xian to his side and slew Tou Mu's avatar. Of all the Yama
Kings, Tou Mu clearly suffered the most at the hands of the
noble Wan Xian. It was decades before she was able to trick
Lei-Tsu and his forces into the Hell of Being Skinned Alive,
where she abraded their bodies away and remade them a
thousand times in order that they might begin to understand
the extent of her displeasure.

For a lengthy time during the Third Age, Tou Mu
abandoned the way of the temptress and mostly left the
Middle Kingdom alone. Her attentions were captured by the
dark things that lurked beyond the boundaries of the Yang
realm. She is still known to parlay with them, though what
goals she may be pursuing by doing so remain unknown.

When the Fourth Age arrived, the Iron Empress was
again able to revel in scheming; against both the Middle
Kingdom and her fellow Yama Kings, It was she who placed
the ideas about the Quter Ones into Shau-yar Han's mind
that led him to madness and destruction.

The Fifth Age has almost been too easy for Tou Mu.
There are, it seems, none who will notdo her bidding for a
little gift or favor. The last century in China alone has seen

= f i ‘The Trousano Haus
enough eek and oppression to push her relentlessly
toward the throne of the Demon Emperor, a) destiny she
hopes to'seize before the next century is out. 1
Tou Mu's three serpentine eyes glare, unblinking,
from beneath her iron mask. Atthe end ofher 18 gauntlered
atms, each of her talons holds something deadly, foul or
wondrous: a dragon's head belching fire, an ancient scroll,
a lotus blossom, a baby's head, a black pennant leaking the —
taint of Oblivion.... Most of these items are artifacts of
great power that Tou Mu has collected to strengthen her
gtip on Yomi. Wielded in concert, they make her effec:
tively invulnerable, even outside the Hell of Being Skinned
Alive. Little unsettles the other Yama Kings like behold
ing Tou Mu in full bartle regalia, but they have yet to unite.
against her in order to prevent her from ascending to the
Demon Throne,
Tou Mu is the only Yama Queen who tefuses to use any
akuma as servants; even corrupt Wan Xian are repulsive to her,
Most of Tou Mu's servants are gigantic, warped beasts capable
of enduring the relentlessly hostile environment of her hell.
The most durable of these are the enormous sand tortoises.
Resembling a cross between a rhinoceros and an ankylosaurus,
these creatures are the size of a four-story building and hiber
nate beneath the cutting sands of Tou Mu's hell. When they
sense prey or when Tou Mu calls them, they-rise out of the sand
like trapdoor spiders. §

Tou Mu has no aversion to using bakemono and corrupt

hengeyokai on occasion as well, but her favorite pawns are
mortals, because they ask for less and their actions inevita-
bly lead to the greatest suffering and horror.

¥en-Lo: First oF THe Faien

Though not all believe the legend that Yen-Lo was the
first of the Yama Kings to learn how to distill the Chi out of
suffering, few contest that he was the first of all the lords off
Yomi to fall prey to his rivals.

The August Personage of Jade created Yen-Lo as a
powerful spirit of balance, giving him control of the eni vi
gies of both Yin and Yang. Yen-Lo was an exacting yet fair
ruler of his domains, and even those who despised 4
admitted that there was a twisted honor to his actions. ©
When it came time to punish imbalance, he insured that
the punishment was appropriate to the transgression, and
he never used cruelty excessively. In the rare instances
when a soul came to him without true wickedness, he
would guide it from his realms. ff these spirits were yanked
into the hell of one of his cohorts, he would never ac 7
knowledge the fact. Yen-Lo likewise opposed the machina:
tions of the other Yama Kings when they sought to corrupt |
and steal more spirit realms. Such action, he said, fell well
outside their duties under Heaven. 4

Asa minister of the August Personage of Jade, Yen-Lo
was ordered by that entity to create a realm of just punish-
ment for the dead, that they might learn lessons before their"
next incarnation. Inasense, Yen-Lo was the ruler of the first
small realm around which the rest of Yomi later grew.
was perhaps the most ancient of the lords of the Yomi
and he later allowed other beings of great power to create
their own realms of punishment when the number of wicked |


pt
re

ba

oF Yorn: Tie Yana Kincs ‘ 59

"souls became too great for him alone. He did nor take note quisher of the domain's former lord. Instead, the full power
f of where these spiritual realms originated, and when the of Yen-Lo; minister of Heaven; guardian of balance and
‘other Yama Kings grew fat on'the souls and corruption karmic punisher, fell, as he had intended, onto the
that they harvested, Yen-Lo refused toacknowledge soul of a wise woman and Buddhist saint, Ama
their unrightness of action while keeping Odashu, the soul of righteousness. Emma-o was
sight of his own sense of duty. He immediately stricken as the realm itself
a Sf assaulted himand sucked the ichor
from his veins. Rangda's own mag-
gots turned on her, consuming the substance of her
body and returning her power, cleansed, to the
realm beneath her. Both were nearly destroyed
before escaping to their own do-
mains. In an act never seen before
S\\ or since, Ama Odashu forged a
'. wall of scars around her domain
through which other Yama
Kings can neither pass nor
See nor scry. Into this
realm, located at the
very heart of Yomi, are
ite theirdifferences, drawn the spirits of
other Yama the! truly compas-
gsvall agreed = ie sionate and who
Without Yen- might otherwise
's obstinate ad- 5 a languish else-

‘theschemes of his fellow Yama Kings.
| Where Yen-Lo saw himself as a

ction to their quest
for more power, De-

* where in Yomi.

led ideals of Emma-o wants

all of desperately to

realms become the De-

ould be flooded mon Emperor so
with the wicked that he can crack
Tsouls of those this realm open
theycorrupted. and devour its con-
Tt is written, tents like an egg.

Emma-o The  tor-
mentshe has
planned for
Ama Odashu
will be' legend-
ary, even in the
bloody Sixth Age.
Yen-Lo was the
epitome of cold, impar-
tial justice. He cared nothing for the
4 souls of those he punished, nor did he relish
hillocks of their suffering in his domain. He was nei-
Bry Maggots and ae u ther merciful nor cruel. No amount of
y pleading everswayed his judgment. Yen-
Lo cared only for the greater purpose
he served a8 a minister of Heaven.
He revered the principle of bal-
ance and saw that his goal was
achieved even in his destruction.
Yen-Lo. appeared most often
"as an elderly jade-skinned Chinese
man. In this form, his eyes blazed with
the fires of Heil, and his gaze could strip away all
illusion and déception.. Regatdless of his form, his
attire was always that of a magistrate. Portraits and

"ambushed Yen-Lo and
the Yama King andvhis
trar, P'an Kun, with a blade of

itrowing Maggots, that the
wet of the newly conquered


60

other representations of the vanquished Yen-Lo can still be
found in the oddest places within Yomi, perhaps as temind-
ers to the other Yama Kings that they, too are vulnerable.

The Wanperjng Overtorp

Among Yomi's enigmas, the Wandering Overlord is
one of its greatest, even ta his fellow Yama Kings. He holds
no domain, he has no servitors, and he seems equally at
home in Yomi and in the Middle Kingdom. None of the
horrific conditions of the Thousand Hells seem to affect
him, and none of the Yama Kings has ever bested him in

The greatest question concerning the Wandering Over-
ford is not who he is, but rather what he is. Unlike his
fellows, he appears to have no interest in gathering souls.
Since the harvesting of souls and corrupted Chi jis at the
heart of the Yama Kings' power, the question exists of from
where the Overlord draws his strength. No one knows,
though speculation is rampant throughout Yomi.

Some have suggested that the Wandering Overlord is
Yama — Death — himself. If the Wandering Overlord is in
fact Yama, then it is possible that all souls that have ever
died have paid him some manner of spiritual tithe. This
would certainly explain the source of his:power. Most scoff
at this legend, however. The Yama Kings are masters of all
manner of ripping Chi from spirits, and surely they would
know if anything in their domain were being bled for power
by some other entity.

Another explanation that nettles the other Yama Kings
is the notion that the Wandering Overlord is the Demon
Emperor himself. Those who believe this fall into two
distinct camps. The first believe that the position of Demon
Emperor is a predestined one and that the Yama Kings are
fooling themselves by trying to alter that which has already
been determined. If this is true, then this being need only
continue his existence to insure that he will rule in the Sixth
Age. The second interpretation of this possibility is that the
Overlord is the Demon Emperor in the Sixth:Age, returning
to the past to either prevent some future calamity. or to
ensure that his reign comes to pass. Only time will tell if
either of these theories holds any truth. If the Overlord is
the Demon Emperor, then he has no need to harvest souls.
All thar dwell within Yomi are his already.

Old and scholarly ghosts and Kuei-jin of a spiritual bent
have another theory about the Wandering Overlord that
derives from the fact that these creatures must constantly
fight against their own dark natures. They reason that perhaps
the Overlord is the manifestation of the P'o of some great
arhat ot powerful ghost. It has been speculated at one time or
another that the Wandering Overlord could be the P'o of the
Scarlet Queen, the Grand Arhat Xue, or perhaps the August
Personage of Jade himself. If this is true, then the Wandering
Overlord would be as wicked and terrifying as his counterpart
is pure and enlightened. As with the other theories there isno
proof, only speculation:

Whatever the Wandering Overlord may be, itis known
that he exists. Too many beings have encountered him for
his existence to be passed off as legend. Though none may
know if he is associated with the powers of Yin or Yang,

Thovusann Haus:

Heayen or Yomi, he is definitely real, and portents suggest
thar he presence is never accidental, but always part of a
horrible and intricate design.

The Wandering Overlord is like the eye in the center |
of a hurricane, Wherever he goes, corruption and strife
follow, but he remains untouched and unmoved by any-
thing. In the 20th century the Wandering Overlord has
been known to smile precisely three times: once when
China invaded Tibet and once when each atomic bomb
was detonated over Japan.

The goals of the Wandering Overlord are unknown, At
times he aids those in need for no discernible reason. On
other occasions he manipulates events in such a way that
thousands suffer. He offers no explanation for his actions"
and the other Yama Kings, perhaps afraid of the response,
have never asked for one.

The Wandering Overlord has no set form; she has
appeared female and male, old and young, human and"
otherwise. The forms chosen by the Wandering Overlord
are suited to those he's dealing with. To a child he appears
as another child or a trusted adult. To Kuei-jin he may
appear as a helpless mortal or an honored ancestor. At tines"
she has manifested asa gust of wind ora whisper.

The Wandering Overlord has no regular servants. He
manipulates others into serving him, but they rately
realize whose bidding they do. Even the most virtuous,
souls have found that they have acted on the Wandering"
Overlord's behalf.

fiana no Foranj:
THe Empress or Pearis

Haha no Fukami was not among the original Yania!
Kings, and some would say she is still not corrupt enough to!
stand among them. Only her dominion over one of the
Thousand Hells puts her in such company. Haha no Fukamt"
was the primal ocean mother at the end of the First Age, and
only when the August Personage of Jade requested that she!
become the punisher of crimes against the oceans and)
crimes using fire or water was her celestial station changed!

Her name translates as the Mother of the Depths, and
while her domain, the Hell of the Seven Burning Seas is no
particularly influential in Yomi, this Yama Queen has tere
fying cults throughout Micronesia and New Guinea. Her
elemental nature gives her tremendous powers over oceant
and the volcanic fires of the South Pacific.

The Empress of Pearls isunlike the other Yama Kings itt
that she still acknowledges her role under Heaven as 9)
punisher of wrong action. The root of her power is oceani¢
and volcanic; the power she pulls from suffering souls it)
negligible. She does not seek out the souls of the innocent);
although if they find their way to her hell of their own
accord, she accepts the tribute of their pain.

Like most Yang-aspected Yama Kings, Haha no Fukami)
revels in changing her form. The forms she adopts most
frequently are those of a salamander with a woman's'|
arms and breasts, and a gargantuan devil-shark.

Most numerous among Haha no Fukami's minions:
the vast cults spread throughout the islands of the Middl


na
to
he
mi
nd

he

nd
LOE

Ins

Tir Face or Yorg: The Yara Kyucs 61

Kingdom. Hedge magicians observe her ancient rites and makes the proper courts of the Quincunx detest the Kuei-jin
Jreap the benefits of her favor. Entire small islands in of the Gold Courts all the more.
‘Micronesia are controlled by her cultists, and while not evil Few akuma serve the Motherof the Depths. Even devils
jperse, these mortals understand the occasional necessity of _ like the corrupted Kuei-jin tend to shun things that make no
sacrifice. The magics. of these sorcerers and the bizarre preterise of humanity. More significant is the fact that Haha
‘abilities of her few akuma have created a whispered legend no Fukami feels herself to be a punisher, not a corrupter, and
‘known to any who spend time as such she has no need to offer power to Kuei-jin in
"on the islands. The exchange for their servitude.
| aged and bi- What few Kuei-jin she uses are drawn from the
tte nature of islands and coastlines of the Middle Kingdom and have
ese rumors powers that allow them to function effectively in envi-
ronments of water and flame.

Orner Lorps or You

There are other Yama Kings to be found in the Thou-
sand Hells. Storytellers are encouraged to expand upon
these brief descriptions here or use these devils as a basis for
ideas of their own (See page 72).

* Honoyeta This Polynesian serpent deity is also known
as Basuki among the Balinese, and as Kaliya or Naga Pahoda
in India. Honoyeta is a spirit of corrupt Yang energies of
death and disease. Honoyeta knows that he will never tise to
the throne of the Demon Emperor, but his friendly —
some say sycophantic — relations with the Maeljin
Aliara give him other options. Honoyeta fayors
venomous snakes as the agents of his power and
servitors. While he constantly tries to corrupt

Nagah to his cause, he has succeeded only a
handful of times, and those he tainted were
destroyed by their fellows after only a-short
period of service.

* Hine-Nui-Te-Po: This Yin-aspected Yama
Queen isiamong the weakest of the lords who
rule in Yomi. She manifests as a cloud of

darkness and feeds on feelings of self-
© loathing. Souls falling to despair and
\ © suicide in the Pacific Islands: plunge
into'herdomain of icy seas. Her rare and

fanatical akuma primarily skulk along
the far edges of the Golden Court.

© Malaveyovo Originally assigned

by Heaven to watch over the souls of

° those who died of hunger, this devil was

quick to abandon his duties for the lure

5 of power. Another of the Yama Kings

vying for control of the Golden Court,

Malaveyovo governs a small do-

main in Yomi. By afflicting his
followers with an insatiable hun-
er, he drives them to cannibalism
which he then rewards with sensations of euphoria and
ecstasy. His cult is strongest-in Northern Australia, New
Guinea and in Cambodia where the brutal Toc Faan wizards
(See Kindred of the East, p. 207) worship him. His favored
minions are the Same-Bito, and he constantly strives to lure
them into his service.


-- ===

62
Tose
Aruma

Aksuna are vampires who, out of laziness, weakness, stupid-
ity or greed, have grown tired of the slow progression along their
Dharmic paths and chosen quick power over lasting enlighten-
ment. The cost of this actis, of course, the Kuei-jin's soul and an
eternity in servitude. By making a pact with a Yama King, the
fallen Kuei-jin gives up any progress she has made along her
Dharmie path and is kept from becoming chih-mei only by the
favor of the Yama King she serves. Thenceforth, so long as the
Kuei-jin is in the service of infernal powers (and escaping
servitude rothe Yama Kings is nearly impossible), she is entirely
incapable ofcontinuing along any Dharmic path. Beinga lackey
to the infernal is antithetical to true enlightenment.

While the rulers of Yomi are on a constant quest for more
servitors, the Yama Kings won't accept just any weak-willed
Kuei-jin who petitions them. They have already met their
quota of half-witted knuckle-dragging muscle goons — that's
what bakemono are for. Just because a vampire has been cast
out of Kuei-jin society does not mean that the Yama Kings are
obligated to invest him with infernal power. An overly persis-
tent but lousy candidate is often promised great power upon the
achievement of a mission that the Yama King knows to be
suicidal, just to get him out of the way.

Most would-be akuma bargain with the Yama Kings out of
a hunger for power. Others are tricked into servitude. Regard-
less of how a Kuei-jin becomes akema, he quickly finds that he
has traded away his freedom for the privilege of being a tool.
While he may be a slave with some degree of power, he is still
taunted with the knowledge that he has given up freedom and
the pursuit of his own enlightenment for a small taste of his
master's might.

Ho SERVE:

If the favor he seeks is minor, a Kuei-jin can entet into
temporary servitude toa Yama King. Under these circumstances,
most Yama Kings are likely to behave quite honorably and give
the Kuei-jin the better of the bargain asa way of enticing the
vampire into. a More permanent arrangement. Yama Kings have
even been known to grant favors in exchange for "some action to
be named ata later date, if ever." These arrangements can be the
most dangerous for the Kuei-jin, because if the vampire doesn't
like the favor when ir isasked of him, the Yama King may consider
that a violation of the terms of the agreement and take the soul
of the vampire directly back to Yomi. Many Kuei-jin have also
performed a deed for a Yama King out of (perceived) necessity,
only to be branded akuma decades or even centuries after the
period of service is ended, and the Yama Kings are not above
blackmail. On the whole, however, temporary service to the
infernal, despite its perils, is still preferable to the full akuma pact.

Entering the service of a Yama King as an akuma is surpris-
ingly difficult. Just contacting the Yama Kings is a challenge in
and of itself, Once the initial contact has been made, however
the Yama King chooses to do so, a representative of the Yama
King interrogates the Kuei-jin regarding her reasons for wanting
to serve the forces of Hell. If her answer is even vaguely
plausible, the representative gives the applicant the contract to
sign (in blood, of course), and at that point the Kuei-jin is
required to swear eternal fealty to her new demon master. The

the vampire's name written on it, and the jade repository is sent
to the Yama King's domain for "safe keeping." The final step in
becoming akwma is a vitriolic renunciation of the Kuei-jin$
former Dharma. Every truth discovered on that path must be
logically and enthusiastically undermined and dispensed with
by the vampire as her first official act of fealty to the Yama King.
Then, andonly then, witha portion ofthe new akuma's soul safe
in Yomi and the akwna herself a half-step from becoming chih-
mei, the Yama King rebuilds the helpless vampire by imbuingher
with some small fraction of his power. To reinforce their
dominance, Yama Kings typically choose whichever method of
investment the recipient finds most loathesome and i invasive,
from breathing a thick, black liquid down the throat of the
akwma to forcing her to pluck and eat one of the Yama King'
eyes. Anything goes, and tentacles are often involved.

The powers granted to akuma vary from Yama King to Yami'
King. Most common among these are abilities that mimic stan-
dard Kuei-jin Disciplines, These gifts must be granted to the
akuma by the Yama Kingheserves, since akuma, having nodegree
of enlightenment, have no ability to use Disciplines. The Yom
Lords also commonly grant their vassals use of the Discipline:
Hellweaving for use in their work as corrupters and agents of:
infernal (A detailed description of the Hellweaving Discipline
can be found in the Kindred of the East Companion).

Yama Kings give their servants whatever powers they may_
need to accomplish their mandated goals. If the akwma is te"
become the ancestor of a large city, then she is given great
charisma and trained in the arts of leadership. Likewise, if the
akuma is to be deployed in an assault ona penangallan lair, sheig
made strong, fast and capable of unexpected combat maneuvers,
Some powers granted by the Yama Kings strongly resemble the
Disciplines of the Kin-jin, while others impart an increased"
mastery of one's P'o or the ability to draw Chi from acts of rortuny,
perversion and cannibalism. Akuma, particularly those favored by |
their lords, are fearsome opponents hecauise they inevitably have"
abilities that are completely unexpected and unpredictable.
Most. Yama Kings make extensive use of akwma, tho
othersutilize few or none. The Yomi Lords who make extensive"
use of akuma often bestow special abilities or powers to their'
most trusted or competent minions. The most prominent
examples of these types of aktyma are Emma-o's shikome.
The pact between an akuma and her master is firm and
exacting. The Yama Kings expect utter obsequiousness above!
and beyond simple obedience. The Kuei-jin who enters into"
this bargain soon realizes thather evéry moment— waking and |
dreaming — henceforth belongs to her lord.

Akuma who serve well and survive long are often elevated |
to great status among the Yama Kings. These beings become
devils of such power that they can give even the strongest |
ancestor pause. Those who serve poorly are punished. Early on,
punishmentsare relatively mild, suchas loss of power or ashort |
torture session. Greater failures elicit greater punishments,
however, and every hell in Yomi holds a special place for those
akuma who failed or betrayed their masters. Some devils ha
been known to weep at the fates of these pathetic creatures. |

Akuma have a mixed status among the others servants oh:
the Yama Kings. In many ways, they are admired for theif


Youg: The Yana Knncs

sand versatility, and in most cases, an akuma'sability to

among mortals far surpasses that of other demonic servi-

prs. Also, their ability to mingle with Kuei-jin who oppose the

‘of the Yama Kings can prove very useful. On the other

1, akuma are still Kuei-jin, descendants of the Wan Xian,

a Stigma that they never truly are able to overcome.

of this, most alumna find that they are constantly.

by their masters and must a ay prove their
yalty through exemplary action.

‘There is neyer a shortage of Kuei- ‘atone ‘can be tempted

rher join the ranks of the akuma. The path seems to promise great
‘heir power, enough to almost seem worth its price, but failure is not
od of Noption, weakness is unacceptable, and disobedience is pun-
bive, by torments the mortal mind cannot begin to fathom.
new ery akuma who has risen togreat heights, dozens of failures
ing's brutalities in, the deepest pits of the Thousand Hells.

G THE Devjis
In the Fifth Age, only a very small portion of those. pro-

) the Thounced akuma are truly servants of the Yama Kings. Most of
boree so-called akuma are simply Kuei-jin with a knack for
fomi enemies in the court; Ironically, many ofthese innocent

ate forced to turn to the lords of Yomi for protection.

y ate excluded from Kuei-jin society, and the court

wells the ranks of its enemies through pride and arrogance.
Conversely, few Kuei-jin who truly are akuma are ever

may ed so publicly, though an individual's status may bea
is to ‘open secret in some courts. The Green Court of Korea, for
great nple, isa haven for many who owefealty to the Yama Kings,
if the ‘and it is considered both rade and inappropriate to examine
theis arrangements too critically. In the Golden Courts of.
Ivers, heast Asia, however, where akuma are as hated as they are
e the 3, éven a rumor that one has dealings with the forces
eased fomi is liable to bring down the wrath of the penangallan
reure; themselves,

ed by. a

have OM) PERSONALTJES

A few of the more prominent servants of the Yama Kings

ee srewell-known enough to warrant recognition here. A word of
hele Worning, though: these lieutenants are eminently powerful in
Bar of themselves, and any characters who seek to trifle with
them may not enjoy — or survive — the experience.
a RHov-ENn, jron Mine FOREMAN
‘inital Wo Hua, Lord of the Hell of Iron and Salt, entrusts the
gand Of his mines wo this cold servant. Zhou-En's origins are
own, but his current position is made painfully familiar to
hetieel soul— and every lesser demon — caught in Wu Hua's hell.
eee ‘in bushi-style armor that resembles the shell of amonstrous
ngest , the foreman visits each mine to ensure that progress is being
lob according to the supreme wishes of Wu Hua. His schedule is
hae the same and never announced — things must be in.good
nents and peak production at all times, just in case he drops in.
hon -En's visits are opportunities for demon overseers to offer up
have st of the troublesome souls to a worse fate than they could

own themselves. In turn, the overseers must be careful not
hisire, as Zhou-En is as quick to bind ademon toa tock,
WVitand expose it to the salty winds for eternity-as he is to use'a

res.
nts Of
their

@)

63

difficult P'o as a chisel in the mine. The surest way to incur Zhou-
En's displeasure to be sloppy orinefficient in one's work, and by the
foreman's standards everyone is sloppy and inefficient.
Arsibures! Goenstii 5-Deseerity 4¢Semtna 5, Chartama.2,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 2, Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness' 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 5,
Martial'Arts 3, Melee 5, Stealth 3, Subterfuge 3
Advantages; Rage (P'o) 8, Gnosis (Hun) 6, Yin 6, Yang 9,
Willpower 8,Chi 16

Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Demon Shintai 3, Jade Shintai 5,
Obligation 4

Hisjan Lo Fan

This gaunt demon is one of Tou Mu's most trusted suborti-
Hates, if anyone can be said to truly trust anyone else in Yomi. Lo
Fan is the embodiment of dour Yin energy: He appears in a male
form in balance to Tou Mu's female; his skin is black and his body
skeletal. Inarealm where imprisoned souls' onlysheltercomes from
forcingorconvincingdemonstd look the other way while they hide
from the scouring winds, Lo Fan is mercilessly alert and moves
unscathed through the sandstorms to capture and punish the

demons who aren' tperforming their duties properly. Of course, this

discourages the demons from helping the souls find shelter, which
in turn breeds hate among the damned for the lieutenant. Were he
ever to show an instant's weakness, the huddled masses of souls he
torments would gladly rise up and destroy Hsian Lo Fan. He is
carefull, a3 a result, never to show weakness.

Attributes: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5, Charisma 1,
Manipulation 3, Appearance 1, Perception 5, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Intimida-
tion 3, Investigation 4, Martial Arts 5, Melee 5, Stealth 4
Advantages: Rage (P'o) 7, Gnpsetitun) 5, Yin 9, Yang 5,
Willpower 9, Chi 15

Disciplines: Yin Prana 4, Bone Shintai 4, Chi'uh Muh 3,
Obligation 5

No'one has ever'seen Tbara-sama's face. This tool of the
Wicked City hides itself in the buildings and the streets,
watching everywhere at once yetnever being anywhere at all. Its
power, obviously, lies in the psychological torture of its subjects:
everyone is so afraid of its anger that they move about ina
constantstate of panic and frenzy, Souls here whisper that Ihara-
sama does not punish anyone, only absorbs them — swallows
them upand binds them into the fabric of the city without losing
their consciousness. If that is the truth, the souls taken by Ibara-
sama spend eternity as part of a humming demonic machine,
aware of every other soul trapped with them. It issmall wonder,
then, that this hell is so feared even in the Middle Kingdom.
Attributes: No one knows anything about Ibara-sama's Physi-
cal Attributes, its Charisma, or its Appearance. Manipulation
5, Perception 5, Wits 4, Intelligence 4.

Abilities: Alertness 5, Computer 3, Investigation 3, Occult 4.
Advantages: Rage (P'a) 8, Gnosis (Hun) 7, Yin 7, Yang 7,
Willpower 8, Chi 16

Disciplines: Cultivation 5, Internalize 5, Obligation 5

Storytelling Yomi isa little different than storytelling
onicles anywhere else, even those set in the Middle
WKingdom. Dealing with any sort of hell in a roleplaying
"context is always tricky, and the Thousand Hells offer more
Pitfalls than one might think for the unwary Storyteller.
However, the Yomi World also has the potential to produce
Wneredibly rich, detailed stories and exciting, deeply moving
Meleplaying experiences when handled well.

Wir Yous?

Before you move your chronicle into the Yomi World,
fu need.to answer one very important question: Why?
omni is someplace that neither characters nor Storytellers
Sshyild approach lightly. There are many good reasons for
Mavolving the Thousand Hells in your story, either indi-
-retly ordirectly, but it helps to have one in hand before you
Mowmit your chronicle. Think about what Yomi's involve-
1 anadd to your storyline. What can you accomplish by
ig in the Thousand Hells that you'can't do any other
Wy 2 If you can't answer that question, then perhaps you
Won't need Yomi after all.
On the other hand, if you do need one of the unique
ts of Yomi, you've found the first building block of
thronicle's next step. Whether it be the influence of
Yama Kings; one of the hells itself or even lingering
jories of Yomi, you've got something to work with in
wing hellish influence int6'your storyline.

Mocu?

D Youdon't'want to overemphasizé Yomi, at least not at
The Thousand Hells are'a place of fear for even the
in. Too much safe contact with the Yomi World tends.
le that fear and turn even the Hell of Boiling Oil into

"

STORATFECCING
tM SOMtT

W. inured to the a. around them,
stakes constantly in terms of
idetail. Ifthe escalation contin-

tening thana her monster

ly more comedic.

¢ er porential problems withu Using
your. icles. The denizens and te-

‘Thoosand Hells

nt a tremen-
x characters, and

tial power!
Yomi certainly has the potential to unbalance any

«chron if given a chance todaso. All it takes is
sone character deciding to goakuma and betraying
the rest of his wu, one treasure rescuedfrom the
storehouses of the Yama Kings, and suddenly your
campaign leaps off the rails, 7»

a oie Yomi is not easy, and there are

i ec a doing it Properly,


66

a tourist attraction instead ofa threat. Instead, use Yomiand
its terrors sparingly when you begin. Demonstrate how
lethal the hells are, and what a tremendous and irrevocable
step itis to getinvolved with them. These are hells, after all
— dealing with them is not something.one should do
halfheartedly or without due consideration.

if you decide that your chronicle needs a heavy dose of
Yomi, perhaps even to the point of sending the characters
into the demon kingdoms, then be prepared to go all the way
with it. Hell is a\completely alien setting; one cannot fall
back on familiargeography and patterns. Each hell is unique
and horrifying, a scene of endless suffering. Think about
which hell or hells the characters are likely to enter, and
what's waiting for them in each place. Consider the crea-
tures they're likely to encounter along the way, and the ways
the characters can get in to. and out of Yomi if the situation
requires. Prepare for the wit's descentinto hell as thoroughly
and diligently as you can, because a slapdash hell can
completely sap the effect you were striving for in your game.

The Crassjcs

The three basic:tools of storytelling are mood, theme
and plot. Your mood is the core emotion that your story
conveys, your theme is the central idea of the chronicle, and
the plot is the sequence of events. Needless to say, dealing.
with the hells can limit your choices in terms of thesé three
elements. There aren't too many stories involving Yomi
that have lighthearted, chipper moods, and your plot' op-
tions tend to get sharply limited once you move away from
the elements of Yomi itself.

The most important:thing to remember when working
with the mood, theme and plot of yourchronicle ts apprépri-
ateness. Think about the story you want to tell, the feeling
you want to get across, and considerif they're appropriate for
a Yomi chronicle. All of the rest, the individual encounters
and Storyteller characters, simply build upon that.

Antagonists anp Conrijcr

Conflict issemantically equivalent to action within the
bounds of a chronicle. Whether the conflict is internal
(Han against P'o) or external (the wu faces down a pack of
demon servitors) is a matter of detail; conflict is what drives
a farrative. Triumph in a conflict sends the plot one way,
failure drives it another, and you as a Storyteller need'to
prepare for both outcomes:

Of course, there are certain types of conflict that are
endemic to Yomi chronicles. As Yomi has a salutary effect
on a Kuei-jin's P'o, the internal conflict that rages inside
every Cathayan heats up once he steps into the Thousand
Hells. On the other hand, the Yomi Wan offers plenty of
opportunity for certain types of physical conflict. There are
enough tormented souls, demon servitors, akuma and other,
less identifiable creatures in Yomi to keep even thé most
bloodthirsty Thrashing Dragon busy.

Conflict demands antagonists, the characters on. the
other side of the disagreement, It can be tempting to use a
Yama King as your ultimate antagonist — the Yama' Kings
are the ultimate powerin Yomi, after all — but that doesn't

mean that the Yama King himself should necessarily appear
‘on stage. Each Yama King has‘@ great many servants, flun-
kies and mindless adherents, and each of these can serve as
an antagonist who can keep characters busy fora good long ©
while. Just because' you have an antagonist that you like |
doesn't mean that you should rush him on the scene inimes 7
diarely. This is especially true in Yomi, where the ultimate |
villains are so near the literal definition of "ultimate"; thé
beings who will someday topple the August Personage df
Jade should not be brought onstage lightly, or too soon.

Purgng jr Au ToGerHer

It is impossible for the characters ever to learn all of the
secrets of Yomi. That level of understanding is beyond even
the wisest Kuei-jin. Furthermore, it is not for even thé
boldest Cathayan to seek to explore every nook and cranny
of the ever-changing Thousand Hells, asit is highly unliki
that anyone's karmic debt can be resolved by a thorough'
mapping of Yomi. The hells should be a phantasmagorical
experience, not @ long-running chronicle setting. Empha+
size the alienness and other-worldliness of the environmen
Drill the horror of the various hells into the characters ovi
and over again, reminding them why exactly their P'os fl
these realms in the first place. Game statistics and hard rk {
can be found elsewhere in this book, but the realms of the
Yama Kings are more about story, vision and theme than)
statistics and effects.

How ro Use Hem

The Thousand Hells is a setting that, when used prop.)
erly, can inspite dramatic character progression. No
counter withthe Yomi Wan leaves'a character unchangei
and the best usés of the Thousand Hells showcase that. The
descent into the underworld isa classic device seén in many.
myths: A hero may brave the underworlds in, pursuitaf)
knowledge or enlightenment, burt he never leaves without
paying a heavy price. As a Storyteller, you should therefore ©
make sure that your applications of the*Thousand Hel
your chronicle are methodical, direéted and carefully
sured for effect.

How Norro Use Meu

Considering that the Thousand Hells'are the ultima
expression of torment and sadistic eyil in the known uni
verse, the characters should not be allowed to explore the
likea city park. The consequence of a visit to Yomi, even:
brief one, cannot be overstated. One trip to the Yomi Wa
was enough-to drive the character to return from the d
What willa second journey, one not mercifully blotted fro
memory, do? You cannot allow your players to take
Thousand Hells lightly. An eternity of torment and ever
spreading spiritual corruption is not something anyot
even the most vicious devotee of the Devil-Tiger, can afford
to laugh at.

It may be tempting to incorporate the ideas found
into@ sort of séarch-and-destroy rampage across Yomi W;
but doing'so shortchanges both your story and your play


UmRTS

z tg
decisions and

eo Me he

se even in their corruption; blithely allowing charac-
to disrupt that function disrupts the ordered workings of
Universe. If that's what you're after in your chronicle, go

ieend

A final concern to keep in mind is overemphasizing the
Pinfluence the hells have, Not every plot has its roots in
Yomi. Not every Yama'King spends his time spying on the
ters' wu; Not every shady figure standing on a corner
akuma spy, nor does every trip into the Mirror Lands
‘Wand a group in the depths of Yomi. As in all things, a
Talance must be maintained; too much Yomi and the char-
"acters grow inured to it, too little and they forget why they
Id fear it. Should that essential balance be lost, the
Wan becomes nothing more than an uncomfortable

ct KUE=;j7N CHARACTER

i ) Keep in'mind that every Kuei-jin has already had a taste
the Yomi World. Interactions with the Thousand Hells
id be colored by this prior experience. Flashbacks and
se memories, reminiscences and old acquaintances can all
tal parts of a new story that takes characters back into
the realm they once escaped from, So before you take your
SHory into Hell, think about the characters' previous trip
te and how thar might inform what comes next.

* What brought a character to one of the Thousand Hells?
~ Everyone who ends up ina hell ends up there fora very:
ific reason. What did the characters do to land in their
tichlar torments, and do those deeds still reverberate?
there consequences the characters might still have to
with?

* Which of the Thousand Hells did they visit?

Were the members of the Wu guests in the Hell of ron
hd Salt or the Hell of Being Skinned Alive? Typically, the
iiins of the living dictate which ‘hell they go to, but not
ything in Yomi works as it should. Several of the more

famous hells.are described in more detail in Chapter Three.
Decide if one of these was home to the characters, or create
your. own hell for them to re-discover in their travels.

© What punishments did the characters undergo?

Figuring our what happened to the characters in hell
can be critical for later developments. Such detail can be
crucial in triggering flashbacks, exciting old enmities and
otherwise flavoring the trip into Yomi. Will the characters
have sympathy for others undergoing their torments, or will
fresh reminders of pain move them to acts of vengeance?

* Did the characters attract the attention of a servitor
demon or Yama King?

Catching the eye of a being of power in Yomi is a
double-edged sword. On one hand, demonic favor may have
lessened the characters' torments, and may have been the x-
factor that allowed them to escape eventually. On the other
hand, the rejection of that favor (as demonstrated by the
fact that the characters did escape) may have produced some
very angry overseers and Yama Kings. Plus, there are always
resentful souls still trapped in hell who saw the preferential
treatment the characters got and resent them for it.

© Were the characters allowed to escape?

This can present an interesting quandary for players,
and should never be fully settled for them by the Story-
teller. The Kuei-jin may think that they escaped on their
own, but you can certainly lay hints that the whole affair
might have been the doing of the Yama Kings all along.
The second-guessing and paranoia keeps' the mystery of
Yomi intact, and characters.can never assume "I got out
once, I can get out again."

& Lyre or TorMENT:
Piots jn THE Yom; Wan

Samp.e Plots

The tools explained in the first part of the chapter are
now brought together tocreate a story set in the Thousand
Hells. Below are a few examples of plotlines and what tools
they are best used with. Do nor feel bound by guidelines and
strictures, or just what's presented here, Explore the Thou-
sand Hells by constructing your own plotlines and devices.
Determine what tools you are going to employ to deliver
your plotline. Conflict, mood and theme — these three
critical aspects can be combined together in.countless varia-
tions using different tools of each to create a unique story
and approach.

VENGEANCE

In theory, Kuei-jin remember fragments, at:best, of
their time in the Yomi World. A constant palpable memory
of the torments they suffered among the ranks of the damned
would be so painful as to prevent many Kuei-jin from
functioning at all. Alas, theory is sometimes wrong, and
there are occasions when reminiscences of Yomi Teturn to.
haunt escapees. ,

4
\
dj


Needless to say, with painful memories of torment come
painful memories of tormentors, If a face or a name surfaces
in a Kuei-jin's flashbacks to Yomi, he may well decide that
it's time for some payback. A particularly sadistic of wide-
ranging torturer (or more likely, an Gverseet) could be the
common link between some revenge-minded Cathayans,
providing the impetus for an entire wu to descend into Hell.

Another possibility is that of vengeance, not ona tormen-
tor, butonone of the tormented. A Kuei-jin can sendan enemy
screaming into Hell with relative ease, but what if that rival's
crimes were so heinous'that they demand further personal
attention? It is not enough that the soul suffers an eternity of
torment at the impersonal hands of some random demon
servitor; the Kuei-jin wants to make things personal. Hence, a
trip to Yomi to finish what the sinner's death merely started.

Fortunately (for the sake of the plot, at least), extracting
vengeance is not the same thing as planning it. Just finding the
object of the wn's ire can take up the better part of several
sessions. Perhaps the intended victim has allies or protectors,
or has been transferred elsewhere in Yomi — the chase can go
onandon. Then there's the question of what happens when the
hunters catch up with their prey. They may be in fora nasty
shock if, for example, the lowly demon servitor has risen in the
ranks to an overseer's position and now has hordes of lesser
torturers at his. command...

Rescue

Just because a soul lands in Yomi doesn't necessarily
mean that it should stay there. Perhaps the characters are on
@ mission to rescue a particular individual from the Thou-
sand Hells for whatever reasons seem appropriate — family
bonds, favors owed, deals struck, perhaps even a kidnapping
of a particular sinner — and must descend into Yomi to carry
out their task. There's every chanice the characters will have
to wander the length and breadth of Yomiif they don't know
precisely in which hell the target Was landed. That sort of
situation €an make for an extended picaresque narrative, as

ou slips through
atplace wheréithas

unfortunate victimsare
sympathy from their

‘Tre Trousano Haus

in wander from hell to hell seeking their goal,
encountering the denizens of Yomi along the way and bei
helped and hindered by them. If the wu knows where
target of the extraction is held, things get a little easier, but |
there are still other matters to deal with; demon servitorst0
bribe or defeat, akuma to avoid, an. angry Yama King (
presumably does not like haying her property stolen 0
from under her) to appease or flee und the mechanics of"
leaving Yomi with the rescued soul.

‘Therr

Souls aren't the only things that.can be taken outa
Yomi. There are uncounted treasures rotting in the ware
houses of the Yama Kings, and even the landscape of H
itself can yield riches. Certainly there are magical research)
ers who'd pay heavily for items taken from the hells {oF
experimentation, and anything from Tempest flotsam (:

p. 17) to yangstones can fetch a staggering price ourside of
the demon underworld. Expeditions toretrieve the treasures
of Yomi, while insanely hazardous, can also be intensely
profitable, and the rewards of a single trip can be staggering!

Conversely, the characters might be forced into:rat
sacking Yomi by an unwise bargain or favor owed, or thert)
may bea specific item they are seeking. Another possibi ty
is that the characters are already traveling Yomi and are"
captured; the price of their freedom is stealing somethii
from a neighboring hell. Perhaps one of the Yama Kings!
uncovered an artifact of power which is enabling him ta
wreak havoc in the Middle Kingdom; the wu has the choice:
of allowing the carnage to continue unabated or attemptin
to filch the demon king's rorem of power.

ENUGHTENMENT

Sometimes the road to Heaven leads through the pitsd
Hell. A character (or a character's teacher) may decide that:
the easiest way to speed up a Kuei-jin's ascent to enlighten'
ment is astint in Yomi Wan. Dwelling among the damnell
again may provoke great insight; at least, that's the theory,

Regardless of the relative merits orflaws of the position,
however, there are some Kuei-jin who return to Yomi volun"
tarily as part of theirspiritual development. If the character:
are of this sort, they may find that their lofty goals inte:
uncomfortably with the reality of Yomi. The members of t
wu may wish to observe and meditate, but that doesn't
that demon setvitors, paranoid overseers and jealous a
are about to let them have their way. The quest for enligh
enment becomes a struggle for survival as well, as

Exproratjon

Knowledge of Yomi can be just as valuable as an
treasure or artifact taken from it. A wu that learns the

connects to the rest of the universe, is sitting on son
extremely important information that others may be wil
to pay heavily for. Garnering such information, however
risky and time-consuming. The passages of Yomi are 4
hidden, and sportall sorts of dangers to the unwary travel


The denizens of Hell who already know the secrets the
\cters are trying to uncover may nor want their knowl-
disseminated, and are capable of raking any action
essary to preserve the silence they crave. Rival explorers
ad territorial inhabitants of Yomi pose hazards as well, and
Phot every path leads to the same place twice.

'_ A caveat: While it is tempting to lead a wu in a
ltidoscopic tour across Yomi, revealing wonders and hor-
évery week, remember that the longer the characters
in Yomi, the more hazardous theirstay becomes and the
e likely they are to be discovered by unfriendly powers.
the knowledge of Yomi in the world won't do the
ters any good if they get pitched into the Hell of
lling Oil before they can sell it.

Bab iON
i _ The path of the akuma is nota pleasant one, but it does
ie tad to great power very quickly. Perhaps the characters
ah have decided to pledge service to one of the Yama Kings for
ie "One reason or another, and have decided to go to the throne
Bg foftheirnew master to present themselves. The journey can
tedifficult, as the Yama King in question tests his would-be

fe ants — if they prove weak or unworthy, it is better that
ty aré culled before they have a chance to fail him, after
—and other dangers threaten: Servants of the Yama

ing fearful of being displaced could seek to prevent the
ters' arrival, or the minions of a rival demon lord may
‘tn to deprive the Yama King of useful servants.

A more dangerous tack to take is for the characters to
to instigate a bidding war for their services. Traveling
tom hell to hell and court to court, they present themselves
nd their qualifications to a series of Yama Kings in hopes of
ing greater power and higher offers out of rivals in
the bidding. Eventhe Yama Kings may be amused by such
Séirontery, and choose to humor the characters' chutzpah.
Thete's always the possibility ofa pre-emptive bid, however,
dthe losers in the bidding may not take their defeat well.

ome of the wisest and most powerful of the Kuei-jin
7s do in fact deal with the Yama Kings on a'semi-regular

trading tribute, knowledge and an unimaginable array
ther items back and forth across the differing levels of
ity. Delegations taking trade, offerings, proposals, tréa-
ind othér items into Yomi are infrequent, very presti-
is affairs. Being attached to)a delegation of this sort is
h honor for a wu, and a very great responsibility as well.
Of course, such diplomatic missions are also: hotbeds of

) dealmaking and other, less savory forms of behav-
io doubt the characters will be approached with offers,
s ahd assorted propositions, some more traitorous
others. What happens if any of the characters — or all
W@them — accede to the importunings? What happens if
hey don't? There's also the ever-present threat that some-
he else in the delegation has gone rogue — or was sub-
verted before the mission began. And what about the possi-
ity of doppelgangers? The potential situations are innu-
rable, and the potential paranoia unquantifiable.

69

Brave, greedy, véhigeful or foolish Kuei-jin may choose
to go to Yomi. However, not all visitors to the Thousand
Hells are volunteers. Some Cathayans are obligated to
descend once again into Yomi Wan forsome reas6nor other.
The mandate of a teacher ot a mandarin, the necessities of
Dharma or other obligations incurred can senda Kuei-jin or
even an entire wu into the depths of Hell. Such sojourns
tend to be quick, focused affairs —get in, do the job, get out
—atleast in their conception. The reality often getsa little
stickier, as complications arise in Yomi to divert the charac-
ters from their focus. The discovery of aloved one's soul in
torment, for example, or the opportunity to loot a hell of its
treasures may be tempting diversions, even as they stand in
opposition to the wu's original, stated mission.

PuNjSHMENT

The stated purpose of Yomi is to punish great sinners, to
inflict torments on them commensurate with their crimes.
As every Kuei-jin earned his place in Hell once, it is not
hard to imagine a Cathayan lapsing back into old habits and
earning a repeat ttip. However, this time the vampire does
not have to wait for death; instead it may be the displeasure
of a greater power in the Middle Kingdom that forces a
character into Yomi for punishment. A sentence of a year
and a day in Yomi can serve as the setup for an extended
sojourn in the hells, as the character and his. companions
seek to survive their sentence. Do they attempr to escape
and risk greater punishment? Whatalliancés can they make
in Yomi against the one who banished them? And what will
the characters do when they get out?

Denjzens or Hem
Torrurep Souis

The nameless, faceless souls trapped therein form the
bulk of the population of any hell the characters.are likely
to visit. Tortured souls are as much a part of the landscape
as bubbling oceans of boiling fat or pits of fire. Everywhere
one goes in Yomi there should be imprisoned souls present,
confounding the Senses of the characters with the smells and
sounds. of their torments. It isnot necessary to detail pre-

it ‘hand: and: eet i
althere's ;


70

cisely Whateach and every soul trapped
in a given hell is going through, but it

should be very clear to any sojourners in
Yomi that torment is universal and ines-
capable. One technique for getting this
point across is'to explain in detail once
or twice the appearance and torments of
a particular soul-the characters: come
across, so that players have a frame of
reference for future, broader descriptions:

Interaction with a hell's tortured
souls is a likely possibility; characters
may wish to help, hinder or question
the souls they find on. their travels.
Such interaction/is fairly limited by a
few constraints, such as the constant
torment the souls are in and interfer-
ence by demon servitors who have no
interest in letting their charges have
chat breaks. To approach a' specific
soul, the characters may have to dis-
tract the demon servitor overseeing its
punishmentyor find a way to grant it
some ease. Few of the torments suffered
by the damned leave enough sanity for
casual conyersation.

Furthermore, remember that the
souls trapped in the:hells are not poor
victims being tortured for the joy of it
Only P'os with heavy crimes dragging
them down them fall so far as the Thou-
sand Hells. The first thought on prison-
ers' minds is a respite from the pain they
endure, and characters who do not take
that into account don't get far. Tor
tured souls are not above lying, plead-
ing and blackmailing to-obtain such
surcease, and when it isgiven they may
not automatically be cooperative with
the characters for fear of incurring the
wrath of their jailers, In other words,
finding good conversation in Yomi is
harder than it looks.

DEMON SERVjTORS

Behind every good torment is a tal-
ented torturer, and in Yomi that posi-
tion is filled by the so-called demon
servitors. Landscapes of windswept ra-
zor shards are not enough to do the
Yama Kings' will. Tortured souls need a
personal touch, and that's where the
demon servitors come in. Furthermore,
torturers of this sort are the second-
most populous residents of Yomi; if the
characters run into anyone atall, they're
likely to run into servitors,

yreLuG im Yous

| Servitors. arean essential fixture inthe hell, giving the
lindscape a sense of personal menace. Servitors are always
the lookout for escaped souls or new victims, anda
urét in the right place atthe right time can become the
t instrument for huzrying along-a ww that seems
iclined to dawdle. In the end, the demon servitors are the
Pimary antagonists of any conflict cha are likely to

counter in the Thousand Hells proper; akuma are too
mare, while Yama Kings are unlikely to deal with minor
woyances like Kuei-jin unless the characters get ex-
emely noisy.

"AS a result, servitors ate important Storyteller charac-
sand deserve some attention; they aren't generic mon-
t$ or thugs. Minor servitors should share common char-
tefistics throughout a specific hell, even if that charac-
tic is merely cosmetic. Overseers, the demon servitors
iho Monitor lesser demons and determine the torments of
Mamned, are liable to have distinct personalities and names,
ind Should possess power in proportion to their position.
The traits of a given hell should help you define its
Mphabitants. Every realm has its archetypal conditions, so
Micorporate these into*your servitors. The Wicked City is
Etorruption of monolithic technology; ‘servitors within
V appear as robotic creations, technically augmented
oids or even sentient masses of witing and machin-
fy. Servitors in the Hell of Boiling Oil are liable to have
ong limbs and claws, the better for plucking souls out of
iyats of sizzling fat. Remember, though, that all servitors are
there for the duty of tormenting souls, and any distraction
iy the characters takes them away from that. Overseers are
only servitors who have the time for a conyersation of
"any length, and they're not likely to look kindlyon tres-
If ademon servitor does take time to speak witha
Itharacter, it does so for its own reasons; perhaps irintends
Mblead the Kuei-jin into a trap, or wants assistance dealing
With 4 particulatly harsh overseer. No servitor simply
finds out information for free, or can afford to be away
oom its tasks for long.

| Akuma in the Thousand Hells go far beyond the most
use of the term in the Middle Kingdom: Though
casts and criminals in the Kuei-jin court may be branded
ina, those found in the Thousand Hells are true devils in
i-jin bodies. They have sworn allegiance to the Yama
, worship demonic forces and strive to further the
es of the Yomi Wan in the Middle Kingdom: If the
haracters are luckless enough to'run across a true akuma in
he Thousand Hells, they are in for a rough time. Only the
st powerful servants of evil and corruption make the trip
n the Middle Kingdom to the halls of the Yama Kings, so
isunlikely that visiting Kuei-jin will encounter any akuma
¢aker than they themselves are. More likely, any akuma
"ficountered is among the local Yama King's elite and most
iestigious servants, and has power to match.
A Kuei-jin may be able to overcome a low-ranking
jonservitor, or even.an overseer. An akuma, on the other
d, is an entirely different matter. Not only are powerful

ral

akuma typically very old Kuetdjin, whose centuries of valued
service show if numerous investments of demonic power,
but the Thousand Hells is their home turf. As a result, they
should know every nook and cranny of the landscape, and be
able to bend its every feature against any attackers. Akuma
make better master antagonists of low conflict, directingthe
efforts against the characters, than direct combat potentialy

©) ee

Within Yomi itself, akwma serve a delicate role. They
are likely the most powerful and intelligent entities the
chatacters can interact with on a reasonable level, but that
doesn't mean that a given akuma slays' Kuei-jin on sight.
Indeed, the akuma may try to recruit, seduce or trap the
Kuei-jin; there's a great deal more in the fallen's repertoire
than just full-throttle combat. By the same token, akuma
should be rare, Overusing one akuma can unbalanceva
chronicle; overusing a herd of them can drive the story right
off the rails. Creatures of such power ayoid each other
instinctively out of a sense of self-preservation, and they do
not necessarily announce themselves for what they are on
first meeting suspicious-ldoking interlopers.

Acuma Creation

Each akuma is a character, not just a gangly pile of
statistics and attitude. In order-to creaté a believable akuma
to interact with your characters, you need to build her from
the ground up. Think about who she is — in essence, the
akuma is your character, and you want her background,
motivations and whamot fleshed out as thoroughly as pos-
sible so you can play her as well as possible. Remember, also,
that no one starts as akuma. Think about who she was before
she accepted service with the Yama Kings, herhopes, dreams
and obligations that may still survive within her, albeit
horribly twisted.
© Reason for Becoming Akuma

The next step is to figure our what pressures brought
your akuma to the doorstep of the Yama King? Was she
threatened by other forces and needed quick power as a
matter of survival? Had she given up on Dharmas and

vices and Sigouiec. Analiuma in
‘s bandfemy well be the stuff of disaster.
easoné akuma generally make
) simple: They're
gh. a should be.cte-

dots as. a Kuei-jin chafacter
at lea: ntuty, "and
monic invest-
towed by Yama

fit nap


72

enlightenment after repeated attempts and failures? Al-
ternatively, did she simply fall from grace, a proud Kuei-
jin succumbing to the twin temptations of P'o.and the
diao. The method of conversion is very important in an
akuma's development, and helps to determine what she
ultimately becomes,
* Warping the Concept

Whatever she‘once was, and however she came to
become akuma, your character cannot escape the process of
transformation unscarred. You should decide precisely how
the change has warped your akuma — physically, mentally,
philosophically or in ways that are hellishly unimaginable.
This warping may very well frighten the characters, espe-
cially if the akuma is someone they used to know and
respect, but it demonstrates that no one enters the service
of a Yama King casually. One does not become akuma and
remain unchangd.
* Goals

Once you know why your character became akuma, you
can detail what her new goals are. Does she wish to see her
Yama King rule above all else? Perhaps she herself secretly,
wishes to gain enough power to become a Yama King?
Sometimes goals can be as simple as continued immortality
or seeking revenge on past/enemies. However, the goals
should not be based on the characters who eventually cross
the akuma's path, unless it makes a very good reason todo so:
© A Foot in Hell, a Foot on Earth

Akuma exist as a bridge between the Middle Kingdom
and the Yomi Wan. How does your akuma manage this dual
existence? What influences or station does she hold in the
mortal world, and what offices and responsibilities does she
have in Yomi? Upon leaving the Thousand Hells, do the
characters risk encountering the akuma again in the Middle
Kingdom? Rooting your akuma in both worlds makes it
easier to weave her into plots both in and out of Yomi.
* Evil Incarnate

Beware of the temptation to. make your akuma too
heroic or noble. No matter how lofty her original inten-
tions, one way or another she has sold out to the forces of
corruption, and now she serves them willingly: She is,evil,
not morally ambiguous, and works toward the twin goals of
taint and destruction. Characters who meet and deal with
akuma should leave feeling soiled by the experience. The
circumstances leading up to an akwma's conyersion may
have been tragic but the akuma herself has ceased to be a
sympathetic figure. She's simply too far gone.
* Interacting with the Characters

Remember that when interacting with the characters,
an akuma seeks nothing more than to further her own goals.
The servants of the Yama Kings do not go out of their way'
for anyone, unless there issomething in it for them. Though
they may interact in a friendly fashion with the characters,
akuma are ruthless, merciless, cold-heatted servants of evil
who aré as likely to flense a wu into jerky as to deal with it
in a civil manner, If the characters offer him something in
return, an akwma is not above aiding or even temporarily
allying with a wu. Just keep in mind that the akuma drive

‘Tae Thousayo Hus

hard bargains, and that any alliance with a ww is a marriage
of convenience, nota signal of intent to reform.

Yama Kings

Above all others within the hells are the Yama Kings
themselves. Yama Kings are forces of nature, equivalent to
a tsunami crashing on the shore or a volcano erupting in
devastating fashion. Their concerns are grand and majes+
tic, aiming toward the toppling of creation itself, They.
have no time for the dust motes that call themselves Kuei-
jin; the characters are as far beneath their notice as indi-
vidual ants are below yours or mine. The power of the Yama
Kings is vast and inhuman; while they have personalities,
they are most assuredly nor "people." They can diminish;
themselves so asito speak to akuma and whatnot should the
situation demand, but there is always something hollowin
the impersonation. An entity. whose ultimate goal is to {
become the Demon Emperor has bigger concerns than ~ iy
conversation, after all.

Each Yama King also serves ‘as the overseer for the
hell he rules. A Yama King's traits and personality deter:
mines his domain's look and feel. Whatever an indi"
vidual hell punishes or manifests is merely an aspect of
its ruler's personality.

If the characters ever have the misfortune of meetinga'
Yama King directly, the experience should oyerawe and
terrify them, One does not haggle with or mouth off toa"
Yama King; one merely attempts to survive the conversa
tion. The Yama Kings are themes in and of themselves, and
merely meeting one can be traumatic enough to shift the"
current theme of the game onto a new path. While a Yama |
King may wish something of the characters (service is always _
a possibility; almost every Yama King wants more akuma),,
the lords of Yomi are used to obedience and submission.
Even the most favored akuma or servant cannot.count on his _
lord's aid or favor in times of crisis. The' Yama Kings are'
simply alien in their immensity, and your chronicle should"
strive to keep them that way.

GETING THE
CHARACTERS jNTO HELL j

4

Asia Storyteller, you are strongly encouraged to make
entrances to the Cathayan underworld specific to yout
chronicle, and to emphasize the bizarre nature of the jour}
ney to Yomi. Travel hetween the realms can be as difficult
and complex an endeavor as wandering a razored labyrinth:


- Storyreumg im Yous

Pblindfolded, and procuring the proper
TH teolsand knowledge with which to enter
Phe Yomi Wan can make an excellent

) Story in and of itself. Examples include:
k

Sour Discipuwes
| Coivarjon —
Cuave THE Denon

| The frightening Cultivation Soul
| Discipline known as Cleave the De-
fon can help one gain entrance into
Sone of the Thousand Hells, though
J "doing so is extremely risky. At the
F Tmoment in process when the Kuei-
jin's dominant soul would normally
push jour the weaker, driving it into
nthe Yin or Yang Worlds, the Hun can
4 instead*choose' to fall toward Yomi.
The Hun may now enter the specific
hell the P'o came from bur only that
i hell and no other, retracing the path
TP) left imprinted in theymemory of the
7 Po's original escape. By losing its en-
f; tite Chi, the Hun can separate itself
| 3) from the Middle Kingdom to follow
{ this-path and enter Hell. While the
UChi is being drained, the P'o has com-
ete. control. of the corporeal body
id can take this infrequent chance to
Oneak all manner of chaos.

i The system uséd isthe same as for
E Paregular Chi Rift, buta character must
y Ms sess the séeret knowledge of the

thuma, or have' one as ‘a.guide. While
heriftiscreated, demonic energy pours
through the opening, corrupting the
Whisurrounding the gate for months to
tome and leavinga telling footprint for
Those hunting akuma. Characters caught
inthis welter of demonic Chi must roll
inter Shadow Soul immediately, with
fesult that they are deposited in'
lin the midst of a full frenzy, Spirit
Miavelers Caught in the vortex of an
pening run the risk of being sucked
the Yomi Wanvas well.

G a RjvERGATE
Dragon lines spread throughout
Middle Kingdom like cra¢ks-in a
Mhattered mirror's glass. The inter-
Hictions of these lines form a compli-
tited pattern of Chi lines across the
iiddle Kingdom. Where strong lines
fYin and Yang connect and inter-


——

74

weave, ‘theidragon nests fort a pool of raw life energy, J NTERFERENCE

Some Rivergate: fed by Demon Chi, bubbling from ‘The Yama Kings have many servants in the Middle

the Yomi Wan cathe Middle Kingdom like # thick sludge. Kingdom, ranging from akuma t© mere mortals. Such pawni

on lines of Yin or Yang¢onnect these raintednests. and trusted:agents don't advertise themselyes as working for

i-jim colifageous enotigh to ctoss these gates, and disci- greater powers, and as Such. it is entirely possible that

plinedenough to subd e their P'os during the process, find characters might blindly stumble into a plot crafted noton
that su¢h demonic Rivergates offer relatively simple access garth but in Yomi. If he characters destroy the Yama King'y
intovone of the Thousand Hells: Traveling this way, is no. gperarives, they may-draw his ire. On the other hand, they
more difficult, than using a Yin ora Yang dragon line, may find themselves unwittingly serving a demoni¢ fond 7
except the destination isa far more perilous place than one byallying withyhis servants. Either way, the characterscould \
might normally expect:to arrive in: well attract the gaze of the master plotter himself.

It's generally' a good idea to place Rivergates fed by :

Demon Chi in remote areas facaway from human habitation Serpug THe Taste
or Kuei+jin: influence. Yang life energies and Yin death If a Kuei-jin's actions produce a massive amount of
energies, naturally balancing forgesto one another, weaken tainted Chi, odds are that a Yama King will rouse himselfta
and corrode Demon Chi, and too'much activity around a < feast on the negative energy. Naturally, the Yama King
Demon Chicfed Rivergate could sap its energies to nothing, have an interest in theauthor of the feastset before him, and
Demonic Rivergates should be difficult to find, their exist- may well follow the career ofa Kuei-jinwho has allowedhig
ence known only toa few mandarins andakuma, wha aren't to feast well.

likely to:share the informations.

Unlegs the Rivergate is newly formed from a monstrous Sprepiug tHe Descenr
incident, the Storytellér should put guardians on both sides Normally, the Yama Kings:do not worry overmuch 4
ofthe gate. Ag the demonic tainrfades with time, @Rivergate about the individual souls that cascade into, their hell 3
tothe Yomi Wan might fadeorelose altogether, poten tially What's one soul more or less, after all. But ifa steady stream!
stranding characters or Fa eee side. \starts raining down, and ifjall of those sinners were sentto.

Yomi bya single source, thelocal Yama King may well take'

‘Devon Aarts: Devon Supra;

To THe Mjppie Kingpow am mm
ichit manifested, it takesa piece ofthe hell withit. All

time, it may not be appropriate to divert the movementof Kwuei-jin start with a Demon Art, though most choose
the game into' full-scaléarip to one of thé Thousand

‘the chih-mei stage and. progress along their respective 13
Middle Kingdom. :

that comes from the use of Yomi-spawned/power are offen
Tue Djao tempted to learn Demon Shintai inya-more advanced form,
a character's existence, drawing upon the prelude to shock § f
Short snippets of previously suppressed memories carpro-
vide brief interactions with the Yomi Wan, while keeping
ludes work particularly welled remind characters wholhave
strayed. from their original conceptions, ie what they're

When a P'o'shreds the Wall and escapes from the hell"
If a chronicle has been gathering stéam. forsome
leave such practices far behind them as they evolve but of,
Hells. Fortunately, Hell can also a brought: into He
"Dharmas, The few Cathayans who cannot resist the power |
TeSdiagwee good time to go back to abgeinning of amid can attract the interest of the Yama Kings as a result,
or terrify wich glimpses Of the first desentinto\Yomi. }
Hell from overwhelming the story as a whole. Dido inter: "
supposed to be doings

or THe Yama Kyngs a #
‘There are a myriad of ways in which-evenythe miose >

disinterested Yama King"might find his  eyeldrawn fo a

particular character ortvu..Some re ae us, others less $0,

but all provide a way to work the ce of Yombinto a
chronigle that ‘reaches far beyond the Thousasid Hells.
Some Suggestions.include:


Eventually the natural life of any plotline expires and thé
‘time comes to wrap things up gracefully. Usually, when dealing
‘With Yomi, that means getting the characters back to the
Middle Kingdom, establishing what changes Yomi has wrought
upon them and determining the relative success or failure of the

_Leaving Hell and escapingit are two entirely different things,

‘Loose Enps

‘Are there any outstanding issues that were left hanging
vat the conclusion of the game session? During the session
Atelf, make! notes of what's left undone: a tortured soul
» Promised a rescue that mever materialized, a character's
"realization that he's left a personal artifact behind, a gate left
‘opened, or a question with ominous consequences left unan-
sweréd"These ‘loose ends do not need to be concluded
| onstage where the characters.can see them; life is messy,
| Jafter all, and not all loose ends get tied up neatly. Most just
fade away, their conclusion remaining unimportant to the
characters»Some thotigh»may resurface at a later date,
however, as hooks for new stories:

Hooxs

I's often'a good idea to pull new plot threads from
‘events within the Yomi Wan. Just because the characters
have left Hell doesn'timean that Hell is willing to let them
go that easily. Characters who made astrong impression on
the wu can make return appearances in later episodes, while
" Youls the characters treated less than kindly in Hell may
) trawl their way out and come looking for vengeance. Re-
"member, nothing ever ends in the lands of the damned and
he dead. The Yama Kings have all eternity to ponderand
‘ct On the deeds of any trespassers.

| 1 CONSEQUENCES

| Eyérything makes ripples; every action produces.a mil-
nteactions. Never allow a trip to the Thousand Hells to
to a close without closely reviewing the characters'
actions and pondering how thoge actions might affect the
ppeters their surroundings and the rest. of the.world!"
These consequences may come abour/as direct changes/to
acters' Traits, or perhaps new perspectives on the world
‘round them, Thenagain, the world itselfshould not remain
tic; the wu could very well acquire allies or enemies, and
actions they take could disrupt the plans of anyone from
low travelers in Hell to one of the Yama Kings. A trip into
iis never oyer and done with. The taint and the reper-
ions'of the journey linger for centuries — and it's up to

to.include those echoes in your story.

EATING Your OWN Hem

As one would expect, there are many more infernal
domains than can be catalogued. It is safe to say that the

¢haracters' actions. ‘That's not all there is to do, however, |

Is of most of the-domains of Hell will not make their
to the ears of any inthe Middle Kingdom: There are ~

3

simply too many hells to be recorded, especially.since most
of them offer limited,Storytelling potentialfor any given
game. The Hell of Perpetual Descent (wherein sinners fall
eternally but never reach bottom) may be hellish for those
trappéd inside, bur the number of stories that can be told
using that particular domain as a setting are, to say the
least, limited.

By the same token, though, there are so many hells,
offering such a'wide variety of torment, that if you decide
yout chronicle needs a hell that's not detailed here, there's
plenty of cosmological wiggle room for you! to create one.
After all, the Thousand Hells are supposed to be. terrifying
and disturbing places. If none of the hells here disturbs your
playets' characters; then come up with something worse. If
being devoured by enormous maggots for-eternity doesn'r
bother them, then find out what does and build a hell around
it. If the Hell of Boiling Oil doesn't prove to be enough of a
challenge, try the Hell of Spinning Blades, the Hell of Off
Key Singers, the Hell of Eternal Paralysis, the Hell of
Supreme Isolation or the Hell of Unending Vivisection, All
it takes is a little careful planning and creativity, and a
willingness to experiment with the stuff of Yomi.

Creating a Sijce or HE

It's easy'enough to create a domain in Yomi: What's
harder is cteating an interesting one. The best way to go
about creating an interesting, dynamic hell tharcan setve as
a chronicle setting is to ask yourself a few questions about
what you're trying to accomplish, and then to design your
domain around those answers.

1. Waar js tHe Theme or Your He?

Every domain should have a theme around which its
hotrors cluster. It's the thing that makes the hell interest-
ing and disturbing at.the same time. While a bunch of
souls being randomly cut open by demons is unpleasant,
a bungh'otsouls being purposefillyreut open by demons
because they were glitrons in their lifetimes is simulta-
neously more just/and more disturbing. A hell needs a
pufpose, a reason why it is specially suited to.torment
those who miake their way-there.

In choosing a theme for your hell; there are many things
to beanit mind. If you are trying to design a Yomi realm with
ties.t6.a particular aspect of Eastern Gulture, then a little
research goes a long way. The mythologies of India, Tiber
and China offer a wide variety of decidedly unpleasant hells
with all sorts.of built-in horrots.

Be sure that your hell is suitably disttirbing. The Hell of
Bad Tattoos may make your skin crawl, but unless it does the
same'to your players, itprobably won't makesmuch of a hell.
(Unless, of course, the name is simply euphemistic; a hell
devoted to skin art that crawls around victims leaving trails
of scorched flesh or flayed muscle could rival any hell
discussed here.)

2. Towarn Wajcr Principe js Your
Hew jopaLancep?

The balance of Chi energy is:crucial in understanding
the nature of an object, petson or place: Despite the corrup>

{


tionand evil in the Yémi realm, the same rules apply here.
Knowing whethena hell.is Yin-or Yang-oriented suggests
other traits of the place, and goes a long way toward filling
in the details of the domain:

Those hells that are inclined toward Yin tend*to be
more like the realms of theéidead. They aré cold, dark;
sterile places of negative energy: Also; since *Yin-is the
feminine force, Yin-oriented hells. often tend to be ruled or
populated by female enrities. The Sharp black material of
Yin is omnipresent in these places, along with icon, steel
and métals of all types:

Yang realms, On the orker hand; are hot, humid and
often seething with frenetic energy. They ateplaces of heat,
twisted. lifeand violent action, This isthe male aspectyand
many Creatures here embody all the worst qualities of male
aggression. As Yarig is the energy of wood and other living:
things, rhése hells tend.to beconstructed of livingmatter,
and to be very densely populated.

There are some' rare hells that aré not'imbalanced, In
general, the Yomi Wan tendsité" rebel against places of
harmony, and most neutral!fites eventually tip one way or,
the orher. Should you Wish 16 create'a: hell ‘of balance,
remember that only the strongest or most twisted realms in,
the Yomi realm can hold off the pull of both foreés.

3. Wuo Rus?

The'only thing that shapes a hell as much as its aspected
nature is the Yama King who mules there. It is hé who-has
carved this realm out of Yomi, itis he.who rules over the
eréatures there, and it is he who shapes the yery substance
of the realm in accordance with his will. By establishing

what you know.about a particular domain's ruler, you gain
insight into the place itself.

Even if yourdon't intend to use the Yama King Himself,
youshould still know his habits. Is heayiolent overlord who
delights in torturing and maiming? Then it's unlikely thar
his hell will be oneof sophisticated mental torment. On the
other hand, if he-is a skilled manipulator and politician,
then the agonies suffered by his "guests" might be largely
psychological. Also, pay attention to the.culture the Yama
King comes from (if any) and lpok 6 mythological sources
for insightand inspiration:

(Notes Just as yoware free to make up hells ro suit your
putposey so too are'you free to maké up Yama Kings as well. 7
Just beeause none of the charactets has heard of your Yama
King*before doesn't mean that he doesn't exist; there are
many powerfuldemons in Yomi, and no one savé the August)
Personage of Jade‘knows all of their names.)

4. Wear js me Nature or Your He?

This is thé most:important question, and all the others
lead up to it. The appearance and operations of the hell aré 7
whatreallymatter once the chronicle gets rolling. If youcan"
describe your hell in chilling detail, then you've done what:
You've set out.fo dos 7
‘The \most obvious aspect of a hell's environment
visual. The first waysomeone is likely to experience a Yomi
fealm is by'seeing it. Té this end, it is important to be able |
to describe the overall look of the hell. Is ir dark and}

foreboding) or is it filledwith an intense light that burnsthe
JeyestIs it batten and lonely; or does it pulse with the
movements ofmariy unnatural things?Can one see the souls


| trapped here and the creatures that tormentthem, orarethe For exampleja hell that is composed of yast fiery plains may
4 denizens of the domain hidden from view? The visual.de- have demons that resemble living flames, scorched hutaan-
Sctiption you give of your hell will be the firstand most' oids.or fire-blasted wooden golems. Creatures from Yin-
lasting impression your characters haye. It may be decep- aspected realms tend toward more incorporeal or abstract
tive, perhaps extremely so,,but it is still_a-lasting image. forms; and often-resemble the various castes of Spectres.
‘The other senses help evoke the feeling of your hell as _These creatures tend to haye more static forms, thoughithey
your story progresses. Horrific'sounds and repulsive stenches often have great powers of concealment: Those few crea
convey the environment just as effectively as visual cues, , tures that come from balanced realms are typically strange
| Also, the way things feel or taste may be used to remind) amalgams of these'two extremes,

> yibitors that this place is unnatural and Corruptyeven when it

does not seem to be: For'example, the epi yetieiiegshariel 6. Waar js This He Caen?

| flesh and leave a thick film on everything, or pethaps.the Naming your domain may not seem/to be particularly
waters taste of soured milk'and bubble‘constantly. Whatever important, but' the ‘title of your hell should convey to
¢ Sensory input. i¢ should remind trespassers that they ate chatacters what they might be in for should they go there.
fifitely not in the Middle Kingdom. , For example, the Hell of BeingSkinned Alive faitly direct.
>The environment should probably bé harniful. It is It works, gives/players the general idea, yet doesn't go into
| Hell, after all. Even the briefest stays in the Yomi-tealm the specifics too much —and this allows characters to work
"shouldbe uncomfortable, andextended ones should leavé  themselves:into an imaginative frenzy. Many traditional
permanent effects. Burning, boiling and the slow torture of hells from Indian and Chinese mythology have direct names
‘soulsate popular themes, butféel free to expetiment. What- like this,'so a title of this, sort even has the advaitage of
ever the particular flavot of your hell, it should taste nasty. Sounding authentic.

Even. if characters' in this realm find some way of Those who want to base their hellion.a piece of litera-
Nshielding themselves from this environment, it can still be ture or mythology can use-names from other'sources. The
‘used to affect them. For every-soul that is safe in Yomi, name of Kakuri, drawn from Japanese mythology, exempli-
therevare legions who suffer. Describing the torment of _ fies this approach. © ;

others can sometimes be even more effective than inflict- If all else fails, just.name the hell after the Yama King
| ing pain on the characters themselves. Use Hell to pull at' who rules that domain: Doing so'leaves the exact nature of
their heartstrings and play on their anxieties. If they're the torments of the hell a mystery and highlightsthe Yama
lous enough not to feel this; make them suffer for their King who is so odd or incomprehensible that his domain
Wack of compassion. f mast be named after him.

Br,

a These are just basic inquiries to get you'started. Feel free
5. Who Lives There? a fo ignore or add whatever elements you choose'to make the
Besides the Yama King ahd the souls he's tormenting, a experience more playable and enjoyable.

an, hell usually has other inhabitants as well, These ate' typi-" Tr /
lel "cally the demons Serving the Yomi lord, though other Cr
a Petites may be skilking arounid a5 well. HE SREATION
ces, Demons who serve in a hell should be-creatures bred or A Yama King
specifically' to' thrive-in that environment. Ini some ‘cases
ae they may be creatures from elsewhere that the Yama'King" While morejthan a few Yama Kings make appearances
eit Phasimported for their particular talents.:This isthe case / in the pages of dis book, it would be impossible to listthem
ee ith most akuma ad corrupt shenwho have,made a pact with all (just as.i¢ would be impossible to list'all of the hells),
are the lord of a particular hell. It ig Jikely that most of these » Phere fs plenty 6flatitude for you, asa Storyteller to create
gust. freatures would not survivein-Yomi without the power lent 25 many, Yama Kings as you:need to satisfy the demands of

Sto them by their masters. Because ofthis, demonsitend tobe Your ¢hronicle, and nothing in the continuity will gainsay
obedient and!cautious: . ‘ your doing so. Of course, if your chronicle demands that you
The other possibility is that the inhabitants of this..feated slew of YamaKings it mightbe time'to reconsider
calm are hatives ofthe hell spawned fromthe domain's very power levels, butthat's an entirely different matter.
sesence. In cases like these, the creaturestend tobe perfectly The following questions can helpguideyou through the
ited to their environment, They can easily survive the creation process. This list is hardly complete, butt covers
Worst parts of their home domain, and thrive where intrud- the basics."
end td bog:down. Little is more disheatening to a band os
of ttavélers who are barely holding their own against a hell's Le Whar is His History? F
\ditions than to see the natives of the place loping toward Most Yama Kings have a history that dates'back.to the
them, completely unhindered by their surroundings. Second Age, when they were Created by/the Ebon Dragon,
_ The appearance and powets of these demonic' minions and Scarlet Queen to be guides, for the ‘dead, agents ‘of
iepend greatly on their environment. Démon-beasts froma tetribution or functionaries of the will. of Heaven. Other
g-aspected hell-are. most' often creatures' of fury and Yama Kings begat as spirits or even mortals and somehow
ction. Such beings often havesome mastery ofshapeshifting, © usurped enough power to ascend to the same level of power
"ahd have natural forms that mirror the aspects of the hell, 85 the ancient forces of wickedness thatrule Yomi.


= a

5

78

Tf your/YamaiKing is one of the elders of his kind, then'
it is necessary to know at least the major events in his
history, Where did he originate? Is he still haunted by his
original responsibilities to Heayen? If soy does he honor
those duties in private or rebel against them entirely? Is
there aparticular nation with which heidentifies? Who are
his oldest and most reliable servants and why? Byanswering
these and similat questions, yowhelp to flesh out the history,
and by derivation the character, of the Yama' King. The
demon lord's history usually suggests strengths, weaknesses,
allies, enemies and obsessions.

If your Yama King is not one of the original spirits that
went bad, then other questions arise. Most importantly, how
did this being gain the necessary power to seize the title of
Yama King, and how was he able to gain the acceptance of
the other lords of Yomi? Given the nature of the Yama
Kings, the answer to'this dsually lies in acts of great cruelty
and corruption: Many of the most powerful Yama Kings
began humbly, and only through treachery and the most
obscene acts of barbarism did they reach their current
stations. In this case, it is not so important to know what the
Yama King has doneisince he achieved power, More impor-
tant is mapping out how he attained power in the first place,
and what he plans to-do next to increase it.

You must also decide if your Yama King will be atv
entirely new creation or if hé is based on another source.
Original creations are a\let of fun and great for surprising
characters, but they involve a lot of work and preparation.
Taking ideas fromanime, Eastern mythology and literaturé
can cut down on your preparation time) and gives your
players.a reference point:Even if your Yama King is adapted
from another source, however, you should alter the origi-
nal concept to suit your néeds. An exact translation of an
anime or mythological villain loses impact if your players
are too familiar with your source material. Still; sometimes
it is more interesting and satisfying to arrive at a new
interpretation of an oldvidea than to come up with an
entirely new one.

2. Wuo js Sue,
ann Wuar Does Sue Wanr?

Who is your Yama Queen? What language is her name!
derived from? Japanese? Thai? Korean? If Chinese, which.
dialect? [r isn't always necessary to go into tharmuchidetail,
but it can be very satisfying to do so.

Next, look at your devil's history and pull a personality
fromit. ls the Yama King violent, fiery, mutable and aspected
toward Yang, oris he subtle, Cunning, cold and more attuned.
to the Yin principle? Is your Yama Queen entirely, and
unswervingly corrupt, of is she more complex than that?

Yama Kings are simultaneously, forces ofimature and
characters in an enormous pageant. How dovyou intend to
reconcile these elements? What your Yama. Kin;
already been established. What makes her interesting is who
she is, and how heractions in the chronicle are derived from
her personality.

__ standards of Hell.

3. How Does He Cuoose ro Arprar?

All-Yama Kings can change their shapes to suit their
needs, but what form most captures the essence of your."
particular demon lord? Is she a/short, coldly attractive
Japanese businesswoman; ordoes he have six arms and blue _
skin; and wear a nécklace of sevéred heads? Does your
Yama King want to soothe those who behold him into'
undetestimating him, or does he want to terrify them into
submission? The forms he wears can show.a lot about thé
Yama King's /self-image, as well as the image he Wishes to
project to others. A Yama King who appears as/50 tons of
sentient sludge probably does notwant to be perceived as, 7
cultured or refined; one who appears dressed in the'attire /
of a magistrate probably wishes to distance herself from her! r
cruder compatriots.

In choosing a standard form for your Yama King, bearin
mind that Yin lords tend to be feminine or corpselike in
appearance, whereas Yang lords are most frequently mascu-
line and bestial. Lords who began as mortals usually retain
some ties to their old appearance, but other Yama Kings are
often grossly inhuman in form. Alsojthe type of hell your
demon lord rules over can influence his appearance. The
lord of a hell of disease and decay will be tainted with those
afflictions, though he probably welcomes them as a small
price to pay for the power he now.wields.

4. Wuere Dors He Rute?

As noted previously in this.chapter, Yomi contains @
huge number of domains,all of which are wildly divers
Unless your Yama King travels continually like the Wan
dering Overlord, he probably should have a hell of his own:
A domain is essential to any self-respecting Yama King; it
is home and fortress, and thé place from which he draws
power by tormenting souls in his keeping.

What aspect of his domain.appeals to the: Yama King!
Ass the most powerful ‘entity in his own domain, a Yama _
King can change ‘his realm with.a thought"Why has he!
chosen'to make it look the way it does}/Does his subcon-
scious ever wander, ordoes he ever, lése fine control over _
his: domain? What happens then?

| Inmost cases, the hell of a Yama King is aspected to the

same energies as its lord. Yin-aspécted Yama Kings have'
tealms closer to. the Underworld of the dead, while Yang-
aspected Yama Kings have realms full of corrupted nature
spirits and:flame. If the Yama King is hot aspected to either
‘Yin. or Yang, because he follows the way of balance or for.
other, odder reasons; then his hell is likely to be quite odd. B
Any domain in the Yomi World tends naturally toward Yin
or Yang, and realms that defy this are bizarre even by the

5. Wo Serves Hi?
Entities as vast as Yama Kings do not need to fight theit

own battles: The whole point of granting demonic invest:
ments is to lure others into Going their fighting, spying and


k bakemono, twisted hengeyokai, power-hungry chi'n
and especially plain old mortals. Why does your Yama
King use the agents he does? What does it sayabout Emmar
"othat he. only uses female akuma? Why does Ravana limit
imself to his shape-shifting rakshas?.
Yang-aspected Yama Kings are mote likely to ase Kamo,
emono and twisted nature spirits, while their Yin-aspected
ounterpartstend to. use Spectres, Faceless Ories and stranger
— Out of the Labyrinth. Nearly ‘all'Yama Kings us
» The Wan Xian aggravated the Yama' Kings) to the
e of tmadness (and often beyond), and:nowit'giyes. the
na Kings a.vengeful satisfaction to use the spi cual
\dants of the Thousand Immortals as concubines,
ea and slaves:

Yama.

Kings have access to the foulest monstrosities in _
the Middle J .

there's no need to stick tothe
basics: If yout Yama Queeit would rather be served-by an
army of terra cotta soldiers,‘corrupted bamboo-spirits, car-
nivorous | flying. monkeys or a cult of cannibalistic peas
wizards, she has t powerto make it so.
Follow these gui and you will easily populate by,

ousand Hele horottaey hinted at in these: geet
And once you'veithastered these rules, start brea
The Yama Kings are too Varied and terrible to be restrained
by anything so'simple as a set idelines.)
‘Omisis yours now,,to cate rand toiling asyou will'

Have fun.
By


ith itunlives suddenl} become agreat deal more difficult once
they rive. Simple things, so often taken for granted.in the:

© Thousand Hells. An unwary or careless Kugi-jinvis likely to
au aké a lethal. mistake*within hours of his arrival,

ing to realize that once in Yomi, the old rules of existence
longer necessarily apply.

Hy,
 Garnening Cai

Kuei-jin must have a source of Chi on Which ‘to feed,
{ $0 as to support theinArts and their badies each nightyAlas
‘or any Cathayans caught in Yomi, the Thousangl Hells are
low on potential foodstuffs of the mortal variety. As a
fesult, hy vampire trapped in Yomi must find either an
Alternative to'blood or — much' less likely — anothtr shen
Happed in the realm.
© Fortunately forlost'travelers, doing so is easier than it
it. sound: Chi flows througlithe stuff of the Thousand
Hells ir the same waysit flows through the Middle Kingdom.
vidual Chi streams, called serpent lines or demon rivers,
Wind through the fealms and meet in demon pools all across

‘However the charactéfs) mightymanage to getsto Yomi,

| J more world, proyide potentially fatal complications in the."

the landscape. While sith confluences are by no means

‘common, theré ate eriough thatia dedicated, cautious and

fucky Kuei-jin might well find enough to surviye on.
Feeding from the serpent lines is not a pleasant experi-
ence; however. By its very nature, Yomi infects these rivers
withiits pain and cruelty: The Yomi. World is made up of the
mist defiled parts of both the Yin and Yang Worlds; a Kuei-

‘fin drawing Chi from the environment here is drawing into

herself the embodiment of corruption. Thetaint from doing
So persists in a vampire's body long aftershe leaves the realm
— assuming she:doés in fact:manage to leave. Each time a
Kuei-jin absorbs Chi from Yomi, she'gains one point in the
Flaw: Defiled. Ar'one'point, the defilement of the vampire's
body lasts a years at two point, tworyears; at three, four
years, and so on until the characterreaches six points. After
that, the Flaw is permanent unless bought off inthe normal
fashion. The usual effects of this Flaw begin as soon as the
character gains' the first point ofdefiled Chi.

Because'the Yomi World is a spirit realm, Kuei-jin may
access ambient Chi there more‘easily¢hanthey might in the
physical world; osmosis is therefore the mosteommon man
net of gathering Chi in Hell. Cathayans may also attempt'to
steal Chi from other beings in the Thousand Hells, but any
Kuei-jin wishiigto try this method must be prepared to deal
with an extremely angry soul.


82

Bioop (Duara 1+)

Ifasparticularly-young or inexperienced' Kuei-jin has
rhe misfortune to.find:himself in one of the Thousand
Hells, heshas no choice-but té_find a still-living being to
sate his hunger.*For the young Cathayan, feeding on the
blood of the living worksas usual, but the chance of finding
something-on-whichito feed isslim.Iti quite probablethat:
the lack of foodleads mosrHell-bound young Kuei-jin.to
their Final Deaths. Actempr feed on akuma orjother
creatures native to oonmmaern es ranging fromthe
hortific_.to-the catastrOph sit is not'blood that flows in
those creatures' veimse Inges g these foul ichers'can do
anything from fléoding the Kuei-jinswith Ses Chi to
melting her face tight off.

Osmoss (Drama 2+)

Wher 4 Kuei-jin.attempts to Braytt in arabient Chi, she
firstineeds to find a-rélatively undisturbed!atea‘in'which to
meditateifor a fewmoments. Once the desired location (and
peace and quier}has been attained, the ‘player then tolls the
desired Chi Virtue (difficulty h8; 9. 46 the vampire is
attempting to gather Yang Chi in a Yineaspected:realm or
vice versa — see "ASpected Hells," below). Any success on.
this roll allows a.chatactet to absorb one paintof Chiduting
a turte of undisturbed«meditation.

A Kuei-jin may not feed from the same site more than

twice-in a row. Doing so,draing the-aréadry-and may, well
attract the attention of local powérs who are Very, interested
in anyone stealing their Tesourtes. Though Chi is relatively.
easily gathered in Yomi;it must still replenish itself after
being drained; doing-so takes 24 hours and during rhat time
thé spotthat has been sucked dry stands ouwas'psychically
empty (Perception + Empathy, difficulty 7, toidetect the
void in the energies) Should a playen botch his Chi Virtue
roll, his character if'first flooded with.defiled tnergy-then
forcibly ejected from the stream.of Chi. The.sudden.influx
of corruption demands an-immediaté Shadow, Soul roll. in
addition, the character suffers thre®tevels_of aggravated
damage (soakable) as atesult one violent removal from the
flow of Chi.

Breath (Diagna 6h.

Only the strongest/Kuei-jin cat attempt.to steal. Chi
from other denizens.of the Yomi World. Not onlyare the
démon servants, akuma and Sthetassonted spirits' extremely.
possessive of anything they-consi@erstheirown, bur the
resultant Ghi itself is defiled beyondyamything that could.
ever appear in the Middle Kingdom. Kuei-jin with enough
understanding to draw Chi from Yomi spirits can cleanse the
energy as they absorb ir. On 'the-other hand, an atrogant
vampire who uses this technique before sHe is ready is
certain to be overcome by the tainted Chi she draws forth.

Just as'in the physical world, any Kuei-jin attempting
to feed thus must be in Wind Soul.and in physital contact
with his target. The: player then tolls the Chi Virtue
corresponding to thé'type of énergy he'wishes to steal. The
target resists with Willpower, and both, rolls are thade at a
difficulty of 7 (whichymay, of course, be madified by the

Tis Thousano Heus
ee errors meena neat

Drinking FROM THE Same WELL

One might reasonably assume that once
character finds a favorably aspect dragon line, she
might be able to return to it again and again for
stistenance. Alas that Yomi is not reasonabl
Dragon lines have earned their name, in part, due
to the way they writhe across the landscape of
Yomi. A Kuei-jin looking to revisit a friendly
source of Chi is more likely to find a scorched and
barren channel, or even nothing at all. The ser
pent lines move at their own whim; none can
ght go. Even the Yama
he flow of Chi

predict where they wm
Kings have difficulty controlli

Storyteller). If the vampire gains more-suecesses than the',
target; each\suctess beyond the humber,the target rolled"
allows hin to drain'onépoint of Chi. If the players rollithe 7
same Rumberof-suceéssesor the vampite.rolls-fewer sic-1 9
cessesthan his victimsthe attack fails and the target is free

té retaliate, Ona borch, a Kuei-jin may not ateempt to
steal bréarh:from the victim ever again; furthermote, the J
offender gains-a point of Demon Chi.

Devon CH}

The calm soul mayreflect the universe, burwWHat hap-
pens when-the universe so reflected is miade of suffering? The
Thousand Hells aré-designed to, torment souls} for a Kuei?

andagitated foras longas she dwells in Yomi. The right kind
or amount of ‘paift-catt'-make even) the most tigidly di
plinéd Cathayanslose' control, and pain is what Yomi,js alt >
about. The-P'o'grows stronger as the character. spends more.
time in the Thousand Hells, feeding off thé negative ener;
of its'surroundingst p

Ti Yomijithé character's Demon Chi'podl isma longer"
testticted by the P'o rating. Characters may, acclimulaté up
ta.10 points 6f DemonsChi. Oncea character reaches that
level of contamination, his P'omay attempt to take contol
of his actions. The'playershouldimake a Shadow Soul roll}
ifthe Hun fails to stayin chargeythe player orShadowguide |
"= must give the P'o Archetype:free rein for the duration of |
the Stene-as the-darker half of the Kuei-jin's soul comesta
the surface, Furthermore; when the character's DemoneHat
rating reaches 10, the playeracquires apermanent dot i in the!
P'o Virtue, regardless of whether ofnor the Po takes overs |

Aspecrep Heus

Like individual Kueijin themselves, individual helle"
within the Yomi World.may be Chi-imbalanced. Depending™
on its proximity to eitherthe Yin or the Yang Worldeit
tuler's whim or something more arcaneyatealm may haveas™
strong disposition toward one or the other ofthe aspeci


Can‘ & Vampire Ger Any Peace
2 Arounp Here?

Many Arts require that some time be spent
in undisturbed meditation to facilitate their
effective use. This generally implies that the
Kuei-jin needs a relatively secluded place, free-
dom from interruption by other creatures and
some degree of physical shelter, whether it's just
ashady spot under a tr

" ran enclosure in front
"f of a household shrine

A focus for concentra-
tion is also important — postures, chants or
katas often help Kuei-jin in their meditations

ne of these things come easily in the

Thousand Hells. All sorts of other beings from

demons and akuma to tortured souls fill each

f hell, just looking for something new to torment.

¢ The point of Hell
ie 1 sitting still and focusing one's will most assur-

after all, is punishment —

nd © edly does nor, in the minds of demon servitors
re and torturers, work toward that end. Even if the
c hell's residents don't find the vampire and dis-
Ee rapt Henconbentration, the basic environment
of many hells acts as sufficient distraction in
Ss itself. S
ide winds, scorching

" pressure tend to make concentration difficult,

to say the least.

rards of glass blown on gale-strength
heat or unbearable atmospheric

Pr : In game terms, difficulry for meditarion in
he one of the hells increases by two unless the
pi Kuei-jin has a Meditation rating of 4 or better.
ed Ac four dots in the Meditation Skill, the
nd.

chieving calm is ar +1;
only the most practiced bodhisattvas (five dots)
are disciplined enough tc all of Yomi's

distractions and meditate as usual in Hell

ampire's difficulty fo

ignot

Whether a particular hell is aspected and to,whar degree is
Ieftup to the Storyteller, but in a strongly imbalanced realin,
#syme.an 80-20 split of the nwo kinds of Chi.

Any Chi imbalance affects the hell in various ways.

) First and most obviously, the disharmony shapes physical
‘appearances. In a Yang-aspected hell, colors*may be mad-
deningly bright or might ripple rapidly enough to caust
Vertigo in. any soul unfortunate enough to be trapped within
the lightsshow. Sensations may be so heightened that a
ingletouch can drive characters our of their minds with
agony, while scents and tastes grow strong enough to be
Swinful. Yang-aspeéted hells include, among others, the
I] of Being Boiled Alive and the Hell of the Seven

ells Birming Seas.
ps © Yin-aspected hells, on the sther hand, often appear

MWithered and barren, their inhabitants skeletal or rotted.
Colors are dim here, the light pale‘and wan. Motion in Yin-
aspected hells is usually slow and painstaking; only decay is

83

rapid'here. Insuch places even the strongést sensations may
be reduced to'a dull twinge. It is quite common ‘for souls
trapped in such plates to be slowly eviscerared oyer the
course of centuries, as the victims suffér- more from aware-
ness of what is beingdone'to them than any physical pain
the sluggish hell inflicts(Punishmentin a Yin-aspetted hell
might involve being abandéned'to the ravages of a cruel
environment foryeats at a fie or being forced:td die slowly.
ever and oyer again. The painis no'tess in a Yin hell than im
a Yang one, but the manner of its infliction' does change.
The' Hell sof Pestilence and the Shikome Hell-are good
examples of Yin hells.

A-hell's local Chiimbalance"also affects how Kuei-jin
may. gather atid store Chi within its borders. Finding Chi
attuned to Yin in a Yangrealm'— or vice versa = is
particularly difficult. Kuei-jin attempting to locate a serpent
line of Chi attiined t6 the realm's oppasite aspect should roll
the corresponding Chi Virtue: (difficilty-7). Success indi-
cates that the vampire finds the demon river he needs. lf the
roll fails, the Kuei-jin.can find only the dominant type of
Chi. On a botch, mot only does the chafacter not find the
Chi he sought but he also gains a point.of Demon Chias his
senses aré assaulted by the corfuption of the serpentilines.
Even ifa character finds the opposite-aspected Ghithe seeks,
he may'hot store more than his Chi Virtue rating's worth of
energy at atime. fh effect, the hell's imbalance is so strong
that it-imbalanceés all whoexist within it.

Discjpujnes AND Arts

Characters finding themselves in the Yomi: World
quicklydiscover that things simply don't work the same way
as:they do in the Middle Kingdom. The corruption:of Chi,
the unrelenting torment of both resident souls and visitors
(like the characters) and the fundamental differences in the
raw materials available ro Kuei-jin all combine toswarp
Cathayans' Arts into thingssometimes only vaguely resem-
bling their earthly equivalents:

Cuy Arts

Equjerjum

These Arts are significantly affected bythe presence or
absence: of a Chi Imbalance tn' the hell. Thedifficulty for
using any of the Equilibrium powers to adjust the opposed
type of Chi in an.imbalaniced hell goes up by one. Addition-
ally, itis impossiblé to attune another Kuei-jin to Balance,
as with Adjust Balance, in a strongly aspected realm.

Note: Chi Mastery (Equilibrium'* ¢# © e) functions in
Hell in a fashion similar to gathering Chi from another
cteature's breath. Ta use this power, a Kuei-jin must be in
physical contact with, his target!' The player then rolls the
Chi Virtue corresponding tothe type of enetgy he wishes to
steal. The target resists with Willpowempboth rolls are made
at a difficulty of 7 (which may, ofcourse, be modified by the
Storytellér). To infect Chi, the vampire rolls Intelligence, +
Equilibrium (difficulty 8) the target may resist as above. If
the Kuei-jin su€eeeds, the target vomits defiled»Chi and
suffers a health level of damage, as\per the Flaw: Defiled


t

(Kindred of the East; page 95). If the.target scores more
successes than the vampire} the attack fails. A botch gains
the'Kuei-sin a point-of Demon Chi.

Taprstry

Attempting to shape the raw stuff of the Yomi World is

folly. The serpent lines it Yomi are cormipt, and manipulat-
ingthen¥ directly. issure to gainthé Kuei-jindittlémore than"

afainton her ownssoul. Ifthe vampire wishes tojery though\:
she must spend # Willpoweepoihtin additionta whatever
Chi the Art demands.fandling the defiled :lineSedirectly
also gains the chafaeter_aPBint of Demon Chi; if the

character spends fo9 much tiie immersed in'the sempent

lines, she begin§ folamass points in the Flaw: Defiled,in the
same mannerasshe would when feeding. Foreach threttises
of this Art the/player folls-Stamina (difficulty-8). Sadcess
meanstheivampire manages to keep the'taint from her soul}
failur@ allows:the cortuption to Coutse through hes ate
predictable results;

¥yu ann Yang Prana :

Like the Arts of Equilibrium, these Afts are influenced
by any Chi Imbalafige in the Yomi realm. The difficuleyfor
using Yang Prana in a Yin-aspected realm increase®byion€)
but the Same power'used in-a Yangeaspected-wOrldvfting~
tions at a] difficultyaThe same is true for Yin' arts in Yang
and Yin hells. From a purely logistical standpoint, Yang
Prana Arts are often mofe accessible in'Hlell because their
required motions ahd postures ar&quick and*explasive,
whereas the katas used in Yin Prana Atrts.are sldw, delibér-
ate and time-consuming.

Note: "Semblancéof thé Scarlet Queen(Yang Prana
and Semblance ofthe Ebon Dragon. (Yin-Praha
) might seem like ideal ways to escape the Thousajpd
Hells»— and\they are, if\the Kuei-jin camepass:the Wall
Surrounding the Yomi, World. Yomi if meant to keep-soills
in, and the barriers between ieatd the Yin'and Yang Worlds
are deliberately madethick. To eseape,acharactermust first
achieve his desired semblance, then submerg&himselfiin a
demon fiver. of theappropriate Chi type to travel betWeen
the worlds. Thé player must then roll Willpower toifénigin
inside the filthy Chi streamipif the roll,failsy the vampire is
ejected from the' demon-river arid gains'a-point 6f Demon
Chi.

n: Guardians of the Wall (see™Créataresjof Hell)"

page'90) make a point of watchingthe serpent tineg'whete
they flow into the Yin and Yang Worlds torjust these kinds
of Would-be escapees'

Dewon Arts

The greatest danger in the yse of Demon Arts is the
potential for Shadow'Soul. As usual; the player must roll for
Shadow Soul each time she usés;a Demon Art, but certain
applications of this, discipline require even more rolls, re-
flecting the effects of the Yomi World upon the Kuei-jin P'o,

If the toll is successful, Gfieemore challenge awaits thé

Biace Wimp

This Art costs two points of Demon Chi'to initiate in
Yomi, but no further Chi muse be'expended while the Kuei-
jin is in this state} Each turn after the first, the player must
make two Tolls: one for Fire Soul and one for'Shadaw Soll,
The Fite Soul roll is always miade first. If the vanipire falls

Pinto frenzy, no further Shadgw Soul rolls must be made, but

if She-resists Fire-Soul, she is-still vulnerable to her P'o.
"Should ‘her P'atake over, no further Fire Soul rolls must bey
made — Black Wind's pitfalls are doubly threatening in the
Thotsand Hells but a Kuei-jinrean still. be in only one soul
stateara time.

Hun anp P'o

he pull of the Thousand Hells upon the P'o
is strong and seductive. Demon Chi is easy to get
and easy to spend, and the ambient pain of the
realms call the Shadow Soul to the surface. It is
simple for Kuei-jin in the Middle Kingdom to.
talk abour the necessity of balance between the
Hun and P'o — in the Yomi World, vampires
need balance perhaps less than they n
straintand a good measure of luck. If the P'o takes
over for good while a Cathayan is in Hell, the
Kuei-jin is likely doomed to stay in Yomi until
the Sixth Age and beyond.

Because of Yomi's constant reinforcement of
the Po, a Kuei-jin has more difficulty than nor
mal in recovering from Shadow Soul. While a
P'o's takeover still lasts but a scene, even in Hell,
it is much more difficult for the Hun to regain
command ar the end of the P'o's usual time in
control. At the end of the normal Shadow Soul
duration, control of the vampire's body does not
automatically reverr ro the Hun's control. In
stead, the Hun must make a concerted effort ro
regain control of its body; if it does nor, the P'o
retains control for ar least another scene

To allow the Hun to reassert itself, the player
rolls Hun Virtue (difficulty 8). If she succeeds,
the Hun is able to regain command itself. If she
fails, che P'o remains in control foranother scene
Atthe end of the next scene, the player may roll
again. For every 24 consecutive hours during
which the P'o retains control, however, the diffi
culty of the Hun roll increases by one.

The P'o, however, can occasionally repre-
sent the Kuei-jin's best chance for survival. Some
times the best way to respond to violence is with
violence. The Hun can voluntarily submit to the
P'o should the situation demand it. However, the
P'o may not want to relinquish control at the end
of its mandated time in charge

Devon Suparay ?
| Because,the Po is So much closer to the surface'in the
‘Yomi' World, a Kuei-jin need only spend two Demon Chi
"points and-two turms.to irivoke Demon: Shisitai. The Art
‘dots invite the P'6toassume control, thoughyFor each three
‘turns that the character StayS in hisdemonié form, the
players must make a Shadow Soul roll tosee ifthe P'o emerges
and assumes a dominanrrale. t

eo ee

its manifestation, Sainte the
pe hell. ¢

‘Blood Shine Mordnat meatilyi in
Flow Like Blood(Blood Sh.
‘Ar that changes. In a Yin d hell, the vampire must
Sspend two‘ points of Yang Chi re.initiate the cHange. »
Bone Sypray
) Ina Yang-aspected hell, this Shintai‘costs double the

al.amount of Yin Chien certain hells, the ‘bone

is the only part of this

OUL DisciPiiNEs ~~.

© Soul Disciplinesare dowerfuli in the Middle Kingdot, a
they are eyen more so in the Yomi World. "The Kuk.
control. of Both halves-of her own' soul — and pou
‘others'—stands the oe chance of not only escapi
achieving whatever end she mi ight have the aim

Counjvarjon

y <b Culti¥ation isa eicomely uncebean
Thbtsand Hells. Since the P'o is stren Reed ee

exposure to the Yomi World, a vam
Rarness hat

mentioned above, theP'o canbe a tee
"escaping or enduring thé torments 0
"energy, then; a

effective strategy forge
senshi: Mow :
s the most.powerful P
cba = a the most' ‘danger
tiori and Spiri ing while P'o-

ell. "Ditecting that

ie ore Saab hogs

» endear characters to the

hand, the déton eles

krensions seem to be made of the actual stuff of the realin «

vice, lava or-steel, for example,

This Shintai is the most dangerous of a
he Middle Kingdom, a Kuei-ji safel
her body, but in Yomi it's a different
Shintai requires the playertoimakea Chi Virtue'
culty 8), ta avoid absorbing thé taint of theDh usanid
If the player fails or batches the roll

‘Jade Servant of te August Person:
*) becomes Somewhat problemarig.in
(i World: There-is no guarantee that there
ct, wood or metal within an individual-hell;

nie
5 the

tS ison

lords
his Discipline ate

oe ised

- target gains more

round hithee ‘tion is gathere

wing the raw stuff of Yomi into himse!

attempt to use something from: the hell to guide his"

afit forms,che Sroryteller should determine the
fin and Yang Chi costs,.keeping in mind the tealm's Chi
imbalance or lack thereof. Whatever the Yinor sane Cost,

h time he uses this power, as the tealm's basic cobrup-
n fros and shapes his body.

)

minds, and the target is fre 0 sie
ore successes, she goal. andethe link, is."
alth' level of damage upon
her the violenté of the mental intru- |
which gece is ejected from

her victitn's mind.

Rts

Rites sufferjthe same difficulties as he meditation-
based Disciplintes: There's no titi, no space and ng peace.
Few rites areveven'the slightest bit effective in Yomi, and
"those rites that do‘work often h; xpected effect
Completely ineffettive rites include Imbuing the Jade
even if jade does occur naturally in a given hell, there istho

_moon as: the Rustin kwow it to purify and enchant the


tes of Wind: and Water,
deal so closely. with Chi
i ctue Demon Chi for the Kuei-
jin performing them. AlLrollsinyolved
f in performing rites are made at a +1
culty in Yomi, assuming the rite in
question can be performed'at alle
Social_and: Individual Rites may
» work, depending on the Storytellers
preference, but th for

Rite, though, is almost exclusivéto.the

Yomi Worl ake rite used to formally

make! a Kui "intovan akuma! This
i hell to helland Yama' _

ing, but each vérsion'

i submergingithe candidate
__in both Yin and Yarig-demon"tivers,
_ Many versions also:include-some form

jof ritual combat. 3

Doorway

Gateways out of Yomilare.ceftainly
more numerous than gateways into Yomi,
buvthat's a matter of damning with faint
praise. The gateways thatdo exist are also

closely guatded by the denion lords'

handservants. After all, Yomi is fiot de- |
‘signed to let anyone:out easily. Appeal-
ing-to the spirits governing the realm is
"also problematic; in-effect, che rite calls
stly to thie Yama King or demonilord

iding the héll. dee

Behold the Spirit's Doorway.-must'
etforined citherunder gréat prore

ar the site of an existin;
é, the ‘character must be
listarbed in order to perform

Wil the rite immediately, Evert"

if the rite is successfil, itdoes not open.

gate. Instead, itemerely grants the

ei-jin performing the rite Knowledge~
of where a gate can be found, The char)
actér must still avoid the guardians and»
make his own way out of the particular
realm. (See below)

Rive oF Suppijcarjon
Once @ gateway has been foundythis
rite may betattemipted.in order to open
the gate. Therite works normally, but the
‘guardians of the gateways out of Yomi are
ever watchfiil:


Westerners jn Youj
It isexceedingly rare for a Kin-jin to come to
the Thousand Hells. Perhaps one Westerner in
lost in the astral realms;
perhaps a vampire might travel to Yomi in the
company of a visiting akuma; perhaps the vam

ten thousand become

pire was directly summoned by one of the mor
the exact
rdless. Whatever the
cireumstancesy, che vampire Sticks. out Tike.-a
butterfly pinned to black velvet. Because of this
scarcity of Kin-jin, the details of the ways in

recruitment-minded Yama Kins

details are uncommon

which Yomi warps Western Disciplines are not
well- documented in the Middle Kingdom or in
any of the hells

The Kin=jim Themserves

The Yomi World is something most' Kin-jin would
nevereven dream of encountering. The first experience
with these hells is moré than simply frightening for a West-
em vatppire. The Kuei-jindread Yomi and they know alittle
Bit abour what to expect, so the terror of the place for-an
P tnsusPecting vampire is magnified a thousand times. And
Hts ndvjust the foréignness of the hells, either. Culture
shock — even i Hell — can be 6vercome,butthere ate very
5 good reasons for Western vampires t6 be aftaid/in Yomi,
© The Kin-jin suffer more than'the tisual. run of torments
) aidipunishments in Yomi these inelegant-outsiders-are
icted to Yomi's lowest form of subtenancé?drinking the
Dlood of other living things"As a result, their sources of food
are Significantly limited. A vampire attemptifigto feed from:
a Kusi-jin (akuma or otherwise) finds herself with a mouth-
f fulof black'sludge and an extremely irritated Kuei-jin, and
© tortured P'o souls just don't have blood in their bodies, Only
spore sludge. (See p: 82forsome potential effects of drinking
tkdma ichor) Feeding from a demon or aidemon Jord merely
Rxacerbates the problem to hideous new levels.

So the gweilo go hingry in Yomi, whichtmeans that they
#lip further out of halance with themselves, frenzying moré
Svand mBre easily as they get hungrier and hungrier. As a
gesult, théy become more likely ro'tangle with anyone. or
anything in their paths — including such inadvisable tar-
) gets as demons — and they spend blood to heal'themselves
and activate their Disciplines. Doing s0. increases ‘their
hunger, and so it goes. Thus, ifa Kin-jin in'Yomi ea@innor find
fomereliable source of blood, herunlife is liable to turn into
@rapidlyishrinking spiral of hunger'and madness.

L Tie You Curse

Kin-jin and the Westra mortals'do nor pay even a
fraction of the attention to energy attinement — and
Afilement — that the Kuei-jin dot's not that the gweilo
don'tGare if they becomé tainted,or defiled, it's more that

87

they'see it in'térms of a disease'Ora curse put upon-them by
some compleceély outside influence instead of in terms of Chi
flowandinnercorruption. Asa result, Kin-jin in Helldo not
develop the Flaw: Defiled. Instead, theyaccumulate upto six
points in che Flaw: Gursed:

Because Kin-jin do Hot inreract*with Chi inthe same
way as Kuei-jin, the mansier-in Which they acquire their
Flay is uniquely theirs. Western vampites slowly absorb the
faint of the Thousand Hell simply by being in contact with
it, like a sponge. They don'tneed to we ingest Chi;
tather, it infuses them.

The Yothi/ Curse manifests itself in, various ways, dé-
pending on the level of defiled efiergy absorbed.

© The)vampire's blood becomesitainted:and acidic,
inflicting-one health Yével ‘of.damage.on any creature —
vampire, ghouller invended childe — attempting to drink ir.

¢, The vampire etudes anaura Of corruption beyond
the normal yampirit aura. All rolls to tead aura) Sense
Wyrm and so forth, are‘made at a1 difficdlry andretuman
almést overpowering sense of evily

ee Each evening, the vampire's flesh, attempts to rid
itselfiforciblyof the corrupt Vitde.The player-musr make a
Staminairoll adding any Fortitude, to avoidéthe chamacter's
taking a health level of honagdravated damage from. che
yiglent retching thatjratks his body:

o9¢* The Curse/spteads intothe vamipire's flesh, mak-
ing herskin wither and her face sink in upon itself: The skin
also\darkens, but not/into-anytemotely human-seeming
color: it turns the blackish-gray of grave tor. These yampires
also give off a version tench of the'grave — an odor
thar mixes the worst ts the scents of rotted flesh and
hydrochloric acid ae

seeee The vampire gains a muted version of the
Giovanni clan weakness: ~< ‘the character attempts
to-feed fromy aimortal -essel, the taint seépsiinto her victim
andinflicrsone extra he level ofidamage —novidouble
the levels — on the poor' a + (Giovanni afflicted with
the Yomi Curse suffer bor elects.) "

veeree The vampite's corruption ishow complete; all
the‘effects of the Qurse are now permanent. No cure for this
state of unlife has yet been found, although rumor has ivthat
the Salubri know more of Eastetmcursesihd infections thin
anyother vampire might suspect:

‘The most-obvious problem with this:Discipline is that
there aré few animals in Hell. Unless the character is in'a
realm specifically populated by animals, the first two levels
of this Discipline are useless in¢Yomi. The' applications of
this Discipline to the inner Beast, however, do function, but
they suffer the samedifficulties as th@Soul Art Obligation.
The minds and Beasts of evensthe least. powerful Yomi
creatures-are treacherous territory for Kin-jin. All uses"of
this*Discipline retating eo quelling or inciting the inner
demon require # resisted roll as per,Obligation Arts.

Tue Thousanp Hrus

Fj)

Frenzy

Western vampires are not subject to. shadow
nature like Kuei-jin; their souls aren't constructed for
it. Instead, frenzy rollsshould be substituted for Shadow
Soul rolls where appropriate
Provocation Difficulty
Sight of blood (when hungry) 5
Smell of blood (when hungry)
Demon taunts
Physical torture
Prolonged mental contact with Yomi creatures

Storytellers should feel free to modify these d
culties to suit their chronicles

Heightened Senses ig exceedingly painful in: Yomi —
increasing the amount of sensation transmitted fromthe
body's organs to the'brain is a bad idea in a realm dedicated
to torment. The actual effects of the use of this powerWaty
from, instance to instance, bur, suggestions-inelude being
dropped into frenzy from the sudden*increase in physical
pain, gaining derangements, inflicting an extra'health level
of damage from any actual physical attack and so‘on.

Telepathy used on any creature native tothe Thousand
Hells works like,Obligation —‘rolls arézautomatically re-
sisted and the consequences of failure are dire indeed.

Difficulties on Psychic Projection are incréased to any-
where between 8 and 10, owing-to the unfamiliarity of the
environment. Additionally, a vampire willing to leave her
body unattended inone of the Thousand-Hélls may deserve
What she finds when she returns — assuming she returns at
all. Everethe protection ofanothet vampire or Kuei-jin
canmor guarantee that nothing will'happen.to the Kin-jin's
physicalhisk. The Yomi World, after all, is nothing if not
unpleasantly unprédictable.

Dapojnon

No Discipline emulates the tortures 6f the Yama Kings
or their demon overseers more accurately than Daimoinon.
The effects of this Discipline arelargely. unchanged in Yomi;
as they are already so corrupt thationly. their appearances
and presentations are affected by the tainted surroundings,
The systems relating to this Discipline work-as usual if the
vampire \is attempting to twist # P'o (soul or other such
unfortunate, but any attempt to affect a demon, an akuria oF
any other Yomi creature results.in a resistéd roll as per
Obligation. Though the effects,of Daimoinon aren't much
changed in'Yomi, the simple use of the Discipline opens the
channels of corruption even wider in the vampire. Each
time a character successfully uses Daimoinon, the player
must roll her Path rating (difficulty 8). If the roll fails, the
character gains:aipoint inthe Flaw: Cursed.

Dorjnate
The mindsof demons are not healthy places for vampires.
Dominate works as per Obligation:

Necromancy

Necromancerts in Yomi ate suddenly in.a spitit realm

*themselyes — thete'sho need to reach across the Shroud to

affecea Bhiost because it's tight there in front of the vampire's \
faces Still, the vampite can attempt to.compel the souls in
the Thousand Hells,stimmion thempercetera. Spirits in Yomi
inay'spend Chi't6 negate successes On a necromancer's roll
tocompel; summon or otherwise Gontrol them; one point of |

‘sany type of Chi cancels one success.

The Sepulchte Path is che mostusefulin the Thousand
Hells, as,it deals primarily with manipulating souls: The
Bone Path is relatively useless, on the other hand, because"
it often needs Corpses — Yomi is a spirit place, and,the
corpses of its inhabitants are mostly long totted away. The
Ash Paths even less useful than the Bone Path in Yomi =
once again; there's'no.need to attempt to dross the Shroud, -
aé@the vampire is already\in a Spirit realm. With they
exception of Ex Nihilo (Ash Path **'**), the powers of
the Ash Path have no réal effect. 3

Ex'Nihilo'\may be used'to create a gatewaydut of the 7
WSmi World bur sich gateways are subject tothe ‘same ~
restrictians' and "dangers as gateways created and opened 7
through Kuei-jin rites: finding an appropriate site, finding
time topertorm the ritual to open.itand passing the Guard-
ians of the Wall. Shroud Mastery only allows the necroman- »
cer greater ease in performing'feats. like Bx Nihilg.in the
Yomi World. a

Necromantie Fituals, of course, are dificult to perform
in Yomi for precisely the sameiteasons thar Kuei-jin have
difficulty performing their own rites. In addition tothe lack
of free, uninterropted:time, Kin-jin haye theidisadvantage
‘of being easily"distinguished from thesrest of the Souls
inhabiting*Yomi, which translates! into their being ‘more
easily pickediout.and harassed by the overseers of the hells. #
Kin-jin attempting tovuse tituals take an extra +1 difficulty»
to all rolls in additidn to the +1 Kuei-jin suffer.

‘PRESENCE )
The Yomi World arid its creatiires are impressive in their
own ight;'a Kin-jin thinking tooueawe the Thousand Hells
canbe foolish indeedAll rolls involVed in invoking Presence
effects are made at +1 difficultyjand those in range need| iy
Spend a: Willpower point to‘hetitralize the effect.

PRoTEAN
Like Demon'Shintai, Proton feviconthuederk side of the) 4
Kin-jin to the surface. Each rime the Vampite uses this'Disti
pline, she must' make a frenzy-roll as_her Beast sirges up. )
Additionally, the modifications tothe vannpires Bltethan ie
as twisted reflections of the hell, much like Bone Shintai. A)
Gangrel unfortunate enough to gain ananimal feature through"
frenzy in the Thousand Hell§ gains a distinctly demonic feat
inStead of a normal afimal attribute. Some examples of de
monic features are listed iy Demon, Shintai Characteristics

(Kindred of the East, page 109).


Sysres oF Yous

Earth Meld in Yomi risks the vampire's sanity as wellasher Breath, becoming Kuei-jin. Othetsfind their way intothe
soul. Each time'Aa Kinejitt succeeds in/fusing Her essence with Kingdom of Jade; still others are looséd upon the fess Kit
» that of the Yomi World, she gainsa point in the Yomi Curse: domof Iron to plague the Shadowlands.
Tnotder to actually succeed, though, the player must first make
a Rotschteck rollFailure means the'character not only does Waar jr Taxes
not meld but flees, frenzied_and scteaming, from the site. Mostsouls intYomi never sera ce gitalir thes
Should the player borch theroll, thecharactergainsaderange- yen pa ah ae ea guammaare *v leaving
| ment of the Storyteller's choosing: every second of everyday of their unlives: Those ils that
" ‘ " do managélto get Outshare two characteristi¢sin particular;

: ‘dee ceodal building blocks of Th ids >. driving teason to leave (above and beyond thes imal desire-t

i s of Thaumattirgy —

"blood and reality — are fundamentally different than they Bei pet el force Of will aie z:
are in the physical world, Blood is scatce; and reality is
warped beyond imagining. While this Discipline is. emi-
nently flexible when used normally, the flexibility, itself
becomes a liability in Yomi. Uses of Thaumaturgy tend to
_ have utterly tnpredictable — and usually unpleasant >
ide effects. Such effecty can range from attracting un-
' wanted demonic attention to energizing the very land-
scape of Hell against thé thaumaturge. In allecases, the
effects of mind-to-mind contact with Yomi creatures ap-

ing katmic debts that cannot be resolved through punishment
‘alone. They néed to retum to the physical realni'to deal with'
their families, their lives and their unfulfilled ‘dreams face to
‘face. Not every escapee lias such noble goals, however, Most
_ are driven not by a desire to make, things srightybut an insane»
need to hurt,other souls as-miuch as and more*thin they

_ themselves have béen hurt. There isa slight. chancé.that such
Sadistic souls thay be recruited by the Yama Kings as overseers
and torturers, bupmost never evolve beyond the Yomi equiva-

demon (or akséria, or whatever) will be able t6 affect thé
 thatmaturge equally: Rituals are also:performed at a +2
difficulty, again, owing tothe lack of undisturbed time and
pace in the Thousand Hells:

© The Yama Kingstesent any creature — vampiric or ork. s

souls whe aren't expecting them.
‘A fee P'o souls just stip thidugh thet ks'andiend up)
Kuei Low oe Springs. destined for Slavery

oy as white jade. Kuet idon "have any particular

80 theyxreplay their death scenes in
Deadlands over and over a Bs collected by.

ergy through a hell and get the attention of its lord or lords. fae
ether the thaumaturge is aware of this fact, howe\
tirely different matter. af

te TUDE : : Ipower, bur
This Discipline works much as‘usualin the Yo accumulated slowly Souls d

The s shapes that a Tzimisce creates, however, reflect the hel
et e wy that Shintai Digsplines and Proteatt fe

labor and torment.

frenzy roll (difficalyy 7)0 avoid a fate. A Vampire takes the"
‘greatest risk, however, in the use of Bloodform. The bloodformed.,

j "solid Nesh body does"As a result, each time a vampire uses allow soulssame'time be -oftortute'to heal — the

‘ that these rest periods are favorite times for individual P'os to
Orie Discypujnes attempt their escapes. Unfortunately, theloverseers are aware
GCelerity, Obfiscate, Obtenebration and Potence all func--. of this tendency as well, so a P'o seeking tofree itself during a
48 normal in the Yomi World. No information has been mandated downtime must either be unusually brutal in. its

theréd.on the use of Chimerstry, Quietus or Serpentis, and if ‘rénding of the' Waller unusually quick.
Malkaviains know anything about how Deffientation works Some clever P'o souls credte a diversion' before, they
Hell, they'te not telling. attempt to escape. Starting trottbleis relatively easy in
a Yomi, specially duting the height oflitoverscer's'involve-

PE FrRow HEL ment in punishingits charges — the hard parr'is starting'

g trouble without being caught in it and punished for it. This.
Despite the.best "efforts of the Yama Kings and their

strategy tends to be used"tostly by older P'os intent upon
minionsto ae allthesoulsthat comhe to pe boundto them, \ wreaking their-Own havoc elsewhete and other souls with

more experithce in the hells.

ine's liquid state absorbs the hell's taint more quickly than. ~oftheshell, then it rips ee ¢ Wall and flées. Most hells ;

WBloodform, she gains aypoint in the Yomi Curse, oy better to break them dow again —and itshould be nosurprise *

Souls that éscape to become Kuei-jinoftenhaveourstand-

_ ply. All rolls are resisted and pfésent the chancé'that the ieee of schoolyard bully — ‘so chigy.go looking eleewheretor ae

theheginning, but
wills through decades or


4 ‘Oekastonally deStruction-minded soulé*band together,

JS vind dedicated groups stand the best chance. éfiescaping the
4 Thousand Hells, as they generally havea wide range of tactics

ah and powers at their disposal, The trouble with ae ee.

nized-isawofold: First, convincing? handhiloftortar
behtor infictingstfferingoR others to work

oY sorthy of the strangest leaders.. ea
# secret is Virtually"imy Phe ait watching:
are enthusiastic abg

tra puMechinient, so, they.
closely ieee of aoe! resistance.

4 Pros cultivate yor
of theoffici )

becoming, the watchers theitié
position of relative power,they-si
"The Guardians of the Wall,(see "Qreatue
© conditioned notto challenge those souls Biv
Yama Kings or othéflords, so thé fl

os need Aor fear
pursuit — at least, not fora while. Again, though, th

lords are aware that this.sort Of deception occurs" .
care to choose only cteatures or souls they believe will not
betray their trust to guard the gates, and.theyioftén take steps
— ranging from hostage-taking to implanting devices of cone

trol — to ehsure their watchery. loyalty.
If a P'o soul:simply cultivateS-a frien ship

a watcher, the trick becomes finding the or favor the

Watcher desites so mucl that he will look the other way as the
».P'o slips out the gate. The bribe-could be a sacrifice to be made
Sribe the soul gets where it's going, d va ofacertain number

‘souls for extra attention or a promise eS to
help the Watcher escape Se as well: eo

enwith all these-methods of escape detailed) i is sfill a
ance fora soul to flee Yomi and survive the experi-_
The stories Kuei-jin tell of Yori, in thir. a

Sibel: are bone?¢hi he inaheirextremity—th
= tea Se any earthly coe

 acealgd Tough wu within théeonfines of Hell. Such ok .

_ Shave been set ‘out like hounds and duped into thinking the
bees exercise to be their own notion. According to other

é; Spates for the more common, demons and

The Trousano Heus

and they are all-powerful in their eatees The perpetuation of
destruction inthe material world — thereby guarantecingsouls
torbe delivered to Yomi — is one.of the Yama Kings' primary
goals, and it is rettnored that the overlords select certain P'osto
be their unwitting handmaidens im the Middle Kingdom; If
such talk is true, then there are no true escapees, only souls who

i-jin, however, the Thousand ‘Hells. and theiroverscersittey

clues or Hen

Es! all of the denizens of the Yomt World are dentons or

Yomi's ‘inhabitants. Statistics for some of these

eel Created: By the Yame:Kihge specifically fori J purpose :
"guarding the Wall surrounding the Yomi World, these spirits =
are terrifying combinations of Middle Kingdom predators; aaa Y
Yomi demons. ‘A typical Guardian moves on six scalediand)

taloned Teg, its sinuous body coverediin black jade armor
plates. ‘The beast's heads blocky, itsgoldeneyessetin the fro
of its skull. When ‘hunting'or pursuing quarry, theGulardian
snarls.and roars in adet ice, andits fangs dtip.an acidic
ichbr. d

Warcners oF THE |

Typically demons or particularly evil and'trustwortliy Pog! 4
*soiils, thése-gtardians warch the garesta Yomi fromthe ;
They are generally armed with spears or swords, and no on
Hell looks twiceif the Watchersdestroy a'oul they claim Wa
_rishing the gate or Attempting to open it. The position séem: 10a
"produce a rathéphigh turnover rate, but all Watchiersy1
iless Gfiorigin, Sage, to exist ec roughly similar tines.


tan ©

gays oF Youg
Devion SERviToRS
_ Sujxome Assassin

) Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social; Charisma3, Manipulation 3) Appearance 4.(Seduc-
tive)

| Mental: Perception-3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Subrer-

fuge + (Men)

Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Martial Arts 4 (Kuji-kiri), Melee 3,

Stealth'4 (Quiet), Survival 3

Knowledge: Investigation: 2; Linguistics' 3' (English, Kaja,

Korean, Japanese, Mandarin), Medicine 1, Occult 2, Rituals 2

Disciplines: Black Wind 4, Bone Shintai 3; Jade Shintai2,Yin

Prana 2

Backgrounds: Mentor 3, Contacts 2

* Hun: 2, P'o: 8, Yin: 10, Yang: 0, Willpower: 7

Health Levels: -O/-1/-1/-2/-2/-5/Incapactitated

Quote: None — the shikome'generally do not speak.

Image: Icily beauti-
ul, the shikome are the
‘assassins and spies of.
Emma-o.» While
| *they may appear as
Yenything they
choose when on
the job; allyshikome
share a massive Yin
"imbalance, snow-

Wy) White skin, black hairyscar-

91

let'Jips and'a thoughtlessly perfect'efficiency. While-working,
most shikome @o not appear as anything at all: Emma-o's
assassins approach their targets in the Yin World, and use
White Tiger Corpse, Shrouded Moon aind their well-honed
natural abilities to, render themselves virtually impossible to
detect.

Possessions: Ninja-to, steel kama-gusari, steel tanfa, bali-
song, white ninja'suit, puffer-tish toxin lip gloss

Roleplaying Hints: Strongly Yin-imbalanced, the aver-
age:shikome is analytical and rational,to a terrifying fault. The
shikome are'past masters of manipulation and seduction, as well
a$ assassinations Countless are the numbers of shen who believe
that' they had redeeméd a servarit of Yomi, with love or
otherwise, only to find themselves @qpawn inthe plans of
Emma-ovIr is believed that the Lord of the Shikome Hell often
conducts such betrayals to no real end, saye to make it that
much more difficult for his servants tOvescape his grasp. Only a
fool among the shen. trusts one of the Shikome, though the
powers Emma-o has granted his'servants have tumed many.
wisesmen. into fools.

As noted in Kindred of the East, shikome are given a great
deal of freedom by Emma-o toaccomplish their tasks, so long
a8 they fulfill their performanée quotes. Asa result, shikome
tend tobe highly individualistic creatures, each one hay

ing her own favorite: methods and techniques:
Storyteller Notes: The shikome are very dangerous,
and have access to Corpse
Skin, "Bone Armor and
easy sources of aggravated
damage: Even in Kakuri

colmter with a shikome assas-
I
rytellers should be ‘careful about

~ Yomi, where their attacks

sin outside of the YomiWorld

is quite likely ta be the last

Using shikome ina directly confron-

tational role, unless they'd like-xosee new player

‘are expected, thei servants

S of Emma-a are. still per-

hapsa bit much for begin-

ning chatacters. An en-

(© eventtinacharacter'slife. Sto-
charactets:inmoduce@ into the game.

‘Kuno ¥

generate, though doing so may take several month$),Weave -

hysical: Strength 3.46), Dexterity 4 (6), Stamina 4 (6) Webs (these sticky webs requires a 9-on the Feat of Strength
Sociale, Charisna2, Manipulation 2:(1), ee 3.@y = chatt to escape), Poison Bite, (as per the poison of the Ta
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 3. > : 1p gah successful bite to tse) '
Talents: Alertness 4 (Het Web), Athletics 3, Brawl 4(Spider- Packerounds: Resourcés
woman Form), Dodge 3, Itimidation 2; ge
Dodge fe. mee

: 4
Bun: 4; Pro: fi 25, Wi 24 a

Pes casch their the
E: ‘stands of their webs and tore
feeding, or use their blasphemous sp
o chasé daw:


| Srsreus oF Yous

Raxsna or Ravana
Physical: Strength 4 (7), Dexterity 3 (5), Stamina' (6),
Social: Charisma 3,Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, ‘Intelligence 3, Wits'2
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodgé 3, Intimida-
tion'2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 4 (Deception)
Skills®, Drive 2j"Etiquette 3, Firearms 1, Melee 4 (Demon
Weapons), Performance 2, Stealth 3; Survival 4 (Yomi)
Knowledger Investigation 2, Linguistics 3 (Bengali, Cantotiese,
English, Hindi, Korean, Japanese), Occult 2, Politics 2, Rituals 3
Disciptines: Yang Prana 4, Demon Shincai 5, Chi'u Muh 2,
Bone Shinai 1
Demon Shintai Investments: Demon Weapon, Horror, Huge
Size, Demon Armor (2: dice)
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Resoutces,2
Hun (Gnosis): 3 P'o (Rage): 7, Yin: 5, Yang:6, Willpower! 7
"Body Levels: -Of-1/-1/-2/-2/-5/Incapacitated

Quote: Perhaps you cannot understand. To you,Lankais just
another Yomi realm, but to us, itis a refuge, a place where we can
live withoue the interference of the other Yama ‘Kings. It is‘our hopé

that'You do not'take your dismembetment and sacrifice to the Living
City personally:

Image: Raksha can — and do.—‘ook like» anything.
Anything at all.

Possessions? A handfutof che gold coins of Ravatia smint,
some travel jades; a dwelling in one Of the city's léss ruined
parts, a position in the Templeof Lanka

Roleplaying Hints: Forflesh-eating monsters who forsook
their Dharnic paths arid fled to the Yomi World, the servants
of Ravana'are quite likeable. Among the rakshd, one often sees
more sincére tespect than among the most disciplined of
Resplendent Cranes. Some raksha were formerly Devil-T gers
or Resplendenit Cranes; and and a fair percentage ofthem still
half-cling to the trappings anditenets 6f their lost'Dharmas.

Storyteller Notes: The rakshatravel to the Middle King-
dom with fair regularity to feed and conduct business, as well as
furtively roaming Yomi in search. of Offeringsefor Lanka. As.
ineticulously polite individuals whose souls (howevérdepraded)
are their own, the raksha provide an interesting temptation for
the characters Life'in Lanka Yomi is easy, certainly compared
to that lives of playets in the politics of the Middle Kingdom.


/Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3. >

Backgrounds: Resources--aegm
* Hun: 3, P'o: 4, Yiny! 33, Willpower: 6,

‘ ‘The Thousann Heus
oe ee Sf) inn
Cuppren or Tou Mou _. Yama Queen's realm. Not only are these huge subterranean-

mie. Wi ae F dwelling creatures excellent manual laborers, they possess

Pigptaaieg ngth 4, Dexteriry 2; Stamina 6 blocky metallic fists that can easily crush unwanted visitors

yeacispiart) Megipalation; Aopearsice 0 get An... hte: Totton accasi@hally gends her four meer al

: minions tothe Middle Kingdom to accomplish some task orto

serve as-guardians for her legates, the creatures aregeherally

_ seen only in the Hell of Being Skinned Alive:

""Possessiong; Sledgchammerand pick to scale, harness for

4 dragging. heavy: loads, a.small personal space in the caves
neath the surface ofithe Hell. ]

Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Intimidation'2
Skills: Etiquette 2, Stealth 2, Survival ~~
Knowledge: Rituals 2 ‘ Basar se
(Eqiiivalent) Disciplines:.Protean 1, Potenice 3/Borti

Roleplayitig Hints: While thé Children were created to

Body Levels: -0(x4)/21(x2)/-SfIncapacitated. * + belloyal servants to Tou Mou; they aren't'vety bright, and they
Quote: Thisi# not your place Teavees, "Oh? You Shwe dp Aten' very devored. Most of them are simple-minded bullies,

and the ones thataren't are simple-minded thugs While they
can be bribed to; for example; offer travelers shelter, they are
i cain A ~ more likely to take bribes from the weak and then eithersmash=
hae r. swith, pete ‘f ery £ a #, them lar orthrow rhem out into the desertaboveanywaysThe

iatFinsect the Chil = Wes 5 Children are likely to accept bribes in good, faith from strong

quor?, How muth? " Nee

Imagey/Bldcky, hunched, black- *

‘drerrvof PouMouare C 4 i See 2 figures, then smash those! /

designed to. sur- fugitives flat after®

vive the ‘harsh
conditiatis of the

theyfall asleep.

Storyteller Notes; Brutally strongbut nor especially ™

toughorbright, the Children make good oppdsition for
younger Kuei-jin and fairly formidable (butnot ove

ih whelming) opposition for older Guan {

Ren. Remember that the Children.

‘were efeated with loyalty to Tow *

Mow ingrained into their natures.
Don'tletthe characters turn the
IntOan instant army to back up.

\"Sitheir-hare-brained plans,

D dren will)
eventually and inevit;
betray.she'chianic


95

Mixazosuj's Devons
OF JRON AnD VjoLENcE
Physical: Strength 4 (Cybemetié); Dexterity 4 (Smooth),
Stamina 4 (Machinelike)
Social: Charisma, Manipulation 1,Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 5)(Visual Enhancers), Intelli-
[_———yg)_ gence 3;,Wits 5 (Boosted Reflexes)
Talents: Alertness 5 (Wired for Combat), Athletics 3,
Brawl 5 (Fists), Dodge 2, Intimidation'4(Raw, Uncon-
céaled'Power), Leadership 1, Streetwise 2
Skills: Firearms 4 (Stocked weapons), Melee 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 2
Knowledge: Computer,t, Investigation 1, Linguistics 3
(Cantonese, English, Han, Japanese; Korean, Mandarin, Viet-
namese, Thai) Medicine d, Occult 1, Politics 1
(Equivalent) Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Potence 4, Fortitude 4,
Protean 2, Auspex 1, Chih Muh 2; Yin Prana 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Mentor 1, Allies 1
, Yin: 3, Yang: 6, Willpower: 5
5 O(X7)/-1 (x2)/-2(x2)/-S/Incapacitated
Quote: Clattér of gunfire Wer thump. Snarl. Sound of
flesh tearing. Sound of something feeding messily.
Image: Huge, savage and bionically en-
hanicéd the Demons of Iron and Violence
are‘Mikaboshi's answer to Iteration X's
Hit-Marks. Three meters tall and stud-
ded with cables and patches of black
metal armor, the Demons'of Iron
~ and Violence ate typically clad in
Clear plastic' capes, tain-proof
gear and armored goggles as
oj): protection against the acid
*sleet when deployed in the
SS". Wicked City. When sent to
*~ the Middle Kingdom, these ac-
\)_couterments atessametimes omitted, but more
x often:they are retained for purposes of intimida-
q. tions
i} Possessions: Véry large helical-clip as-
Sault rifle (Damage 10, Range 250, Rate 3,
Clip 100, Not Goncealable), protective gear
providing wwedice of armor, nutrient-filled Rest
and)Repair Vat
Some‘of the Demons'of Iron-and Violence
carry special weapons (automatic grenade
launchers, flamethrowets, two-handed

chainsaws) wheA on ipedial tntistonk

Roleplaying Hints The programming of a Demon of Iron
and Violence is' simple: Seek out target. "Terminate target.
Cause as mueh collateral damage as possible during termina-
tion. To these servants of Mikaboshi, there is no such thing as
too,much:

Storyteller Notes: With the ability to chase down and
slaughter entire parties, the Demons of Iron and Violence ate
brimming withiadyenture possibilities. Jaist be careful that you
don't accidentally kill the entire party, rather than frightening
them witless.

~~ Supyure etry iste
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina ‘4(Die Hard) BL:
Socials. Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1 gy? = 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3-8 r

Talerits: Alertness 3, tilerics T, Brawl 2, Dodge 4 (Craven),

Strestwise-2y'Subr ,
SKillst'Crafts ( Scrounging) 3, Dri i

/ Melee?2,Stealth4(Thet yiSiirviva :
Knowledge: Pa
2, Linguistics 1 (Ma in) ecu 2, Politi
Rituals 2
Disciplines;

Body ‘Levels? Of-
Incapactitated sg OTE
Quote: Hey! You! Looking
for someone? Looking for God?
Maybeyou'dlike to meet him!
Image: No one makes
it out'of the Wicked City:
Most ricochet between the
streets and menial fabor until
they finally. wear down (and
shortly after, wink out). Bur
for those who-do"manage ta
claw theif way up outof the {/
brutal grind, tie unavoid>. fp
~"ablefall istharmuch worse.
Stripped of ‘their sank,
withour maintenance
tu 0 ee

=

Se af
take to the Shinjuku undercigy,. he
"subculture. There, pes enhancements até pi
together with scrounged wire, it eynthetic e
replaced with carefully dried In

These feral, withered beings still GHG, €arG8 culti ne a
to the trappings of the corporate structure in which they-once-
clawed ouraposition/Organizéd in gangs talled Divisionsyand,
led by Presidents and Vice-presidénts, these miserable crea- fo
tures eke out a tenuous existencein the forgotten tunnels below sell theiold girl for two pounds:
the Wicked City. Most spend their days dodging the Demons handful of pistol cartridges. ——
of Iron, and. Violence" and victimiting the thore fortunate. Storyteller Notes: If the players can impress t
_tesidents of Mikaboshi's hell for electronics, fresh flesh, debit grel savages that chopping'Kuei-jin upand eating them whil
cards and other essentials of existence. Some, however, occupy, they sleep isy't the best'eourse of actionthe scavengers of the®
themselves with esc néMany of the wag lp Shinjuku make a exes nn eg in which to hide fort! 7
scavengers mani other aN cad +. to onthe ran from Mik $ troops, Properly hahdled;
take the Second Breath, dwellers in Soidecet might even make moderately useful

minions, though they're notvery liable, ‘or sane,


%
frre oF ¥ors

P _ Far«Srejpers OF THE, iia: or Bong Oy.
| © 9 Physical: Strefigth 6, Dexterity 5; Stamina 6
I NY Social: Clarisma,0, Manipulation 0, Appearance 0
Mentals'Perception 4, Intelligence 1, Wits
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3; Brawl 4, Dodge3.
Skills: Stealth 3, Survival:
Equivalent, Distiplines: Celerity 3
Backgrounds: None .
Hun: 2, (P'o?4, Yin: 4; Yang:15, Willpower: 5 3
Body Levels: -0(x4)/-1 (x2)/-5/incapacirated
Quote; (Titteringlaughter) 9
Image: Almost wwe meters long from
head to what passes for a tail/the Fat-
Stridersare almost rwice thar size

e / ‘with theirlegséxtended. No
oné s where the

Striders. come

ge from — like

of

a

80 much. \

97

else' the Yonit World, they arescenery, In appearance/these
creatures look'Somewhatysimilar to a'mosquito larva crossed
with:the immature forty of some particularly vile sort of locust
orrcicada,, with the spindly' legs of a*water-skating insect
attached, Fat-striders/attack (they have never beer seen to)
feed)‘ with a steel-rootheditnouth on the end of alighting-fast"
exténsible proboscis.' Somes specially tamed Fat-Striders até
used. as mounts by-akima inithis:hell, but unless subjected!t6 ~
extensive graining, these créatures generally shake off passen=
Bets with adeep dive followed by an extended submerged swim:
‘Designed!to withstand accidental plunges into the fatof
the. hell and
still. work at
peak‘efficiency,
a -Fat-Strider can
stripthetolls
of fat, from
even the most
corpulent victim
in less than aminute.
Buttocks, thighs, gut
@ and-breasts are all sliced
neatly to the bare-thuscle in
& Thenjithe monster
réstrains its
prettywitha
gentle bite
to the head
until the
-off fathastendered
and heated to the
er temperature. This

VFindghe plump ones. Strip

en up, then;move on.
t-Striders cando as much
damage with a bite, but
are oft mouch more precisethan'chiar, strik-
8 only" to, maim=their victimsUnless' the
defending themselves from-ati db-

ae nostniore ‘than a healsh Mevyel a oft'a strike. Fat-
Stidérs cap use theif Stamina to soak aggravated
damage.


98

Wo Hua's Corpse-Ticger Denons

Physical: Strength 7 (Brutal), Dexterity 6 (Catlike), Stamina 7
(Unfeeling)

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental; Perception 4 (Astute), Intelligence'6 (Clever), Wits 4
(Changing Situations)

Talents: Alertness 5 (Night), Athletics 4 (Leaping), Drawl 6
(Animalistic), Dodge 4-(Eiquid), Expression 5 (Poetic), In-
timidation 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 4 (Courtly), Stealth 4 (Quiet), Sutvival3
Knowledge: Law. 3,/Liguistie#:5 (Most Asian Languages),
Occult 3, Politics 2, Rituals 4 (Hac-Tao)

Equivalent Diséiplinés: Yin Prana 4, Bore.Shintai 4; Chi'u
Muh 4

Backgrounds: Resources 4, Contacts 4, Allies 3, Mentor 2
Hune'4y Pfo: 9, Yin:.7, Yang: 5, Willpower! 7
Body Levels: -0(x7)/-1(x4)/-2(x2)/+5/Incapacitated \

Quote: They shake in white pain [with cat joyI salt
their wounds / and lick forth new screams

Tmage: The Corpse-tiger Demons appear
to be huge (three meters tall), heavily
muscled men and women with the
heads and tails of tigers, and
tigerlike paws with long,
black retractable claws —_~
instead of hands. The ——
Corpse-tigers get their
name, from their appear:
ance —each looké.as ifhe
is dead and just beginning seri-
ous decomposition. Corpse-tigers'
eyes are sunken and unreflective, and
theifiskin has ripped in places, reveal+
ing deadltissue. The meav hangsawk-
wardly from the Corpse-tiger's bones, and mostof
these demons support a few small but vibrant colonies of
maggots or mold. All around' these deiions-hangs' the
charnel reek of spoiled meat.

What Wu'Hua lacks ih nutibers of minions, hey! yp
makesup forin the power of the individuals whoserve
him. While most of the Yama King's/seryants are
Spectres, he retains some few-powerful beings, such
as the Corpse-tiger Demons, a8 troubleshooters and
senior administrators. Hopelessly ovérédiicated and
aristocratic, the Corpse-tiger Demons See them?
selves as the'true'nobles of Hell and Barth, and as
vastly superior to the overrated Wan Kuei and
the upstart Shinma. The Corps-tiger Demons
are not just Wu Hua's heavy artillery, they
are also hi§ court. Each demon is a master
of some different art form, and many
expressive souls have quite' uhexpéct- %
edly found themselyes given a respite ')
from the endless toil of the Hell of ‘1
Salt and Iron to perform. under.the
patronage of one of Wu Hua's min-
ions, Some are actually set free forthe
perfection of their performances. Thisis thought

Thr Tuousano Heus

to make the performances of the others that mich more
inspired. Those who falter are generally sent back to their toil
oritnpaled on the spires of one of the iron towers.

Possessionst:Elaborately brocaded robes and other cér-
emonial garb, a well-appointed suite in the Pitof Salt and
Iron, any number of beautiful servile slaves, heavily en-
chanted sword doing Strength +3 aggravated damage, and
heavily enchanted armor that provides four additional dice
of:protection.

Roleplaying Hints: You're norjust any demon. You'rea
noble. And you'will'act like ir,and be enlightened in all ways.
And people will treat you like it-And ifthey.do'nor, you will
pulltheir tendons out and use them as strings to Manipulate the
disrespectful wretches in anvelaborate puppet show whose
moral is that oné Should treat'one's betters with the respect
they deserve.

Storyteller Notes: Corpse-

tiger Démons tan soak aggra-
vated damage withitheir Stamina,
Their bites do Strength +3 aggra
vated damage, and their claws
do Strength + 2 aggravared

Y


_ Kany no jrgoru, - to the bottomlaf.the Seven Burfiing Seas. The Kat
Servants oF THE Enpress oF Peanis §~ ‘wits agzressivé, swarming intruders with trained sha
Physicalietectals) Dexterity 3: Stemning 6 Unkle) Sis and thenbackiNg the mterlopggs te-4G with oasis

aiiereer ati cae hag and shell-tipped spears. There are some teports that the]
; Social: Charisma:2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0 ; no Jingokw capture beings
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3; Wits 2 unsubstantiated by any stirvivi

) Talents: Alertness 2, Athlerics 1; Braw! 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, "Possessions: An ornamental shell harness cor

» Leadetship, 1; Subterfuge, 2 rating your spirit'patrons andl the Empress, an t

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts.2, Etiquette 2, Melee 3 ickedly: sharp shell, underwater whistle
Knowledge? Occult 1, Politics'1, Rituals 1 "ee arks. = id Pie
(Equivalent) Disciplines: Fortitude 3 ‘ Roleplaying Hints: The Kani no Jingokuare ex:
Backgrounds: Resources 2, Contacts 1, Allies 1 aggressive, and/almost incomprehensible, evento the:
Hun: 4, Bo: 6; Yinz4, Yang: 4, Willpower: 4 ‘one,
j /-3/-4/-Sitncapacirared ~

_ Empress of the Pearls. These strange, bright red crustaceans
appear much like shrimp oddly paired with therunbalanced N
claws of a fiddler crab. In place of legs, however, they have

) . octopuslike tentacles that allow them to move ata startlingly

rapid clip through the scalding waters of heise reals. "=
The Kani no Jingdku are highly industrious; raising tower-
+ Jing cities (or perhaps moriuments to the Empress) decorated

item che'pl


Generic Serviror

Physicalt Strength 5 (Demonic), Dexterity 3, Stamina 5
(inhuman). ~

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl4 (Weaker foes),
Dodge 3) Empathy 1, Intimidation4 (Vile); Subterfuge' T
Skillse'Etiquette 1, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Surviyall2
Knowledge: Law 1) Occulti2y;Polities 1, Rituals,
(Equivalent) Disciplines? Black Wind 3, Fortitude 2)
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contaets 1, Influence 1

Hun (Gnosis): LP' (Rage): 6, Yin 4, Yang: 4, Willpower: >
Body Levels: O/1/-1/-2/-2/-5/Incapacitated

Quotes/Baekin line, scumbag!

Image: Not everyone in Yomi canjbe an excitingand
unique'servant of evil:Someone has't take the tole of the
middle-level monstrosity, theshambling horror,
the run-of-the-mill torturerwhohelps |
to.make up the rank and-file:of
the legions. of Yomi, These
statistics" represent a, per-
fectly average, Beneric de-
mon. Storytellers should
custothize them accord-
ing to the specificsort
of demon beingrep-
resented.

Yomi-spirits
come in all shapes
and sizes. Some are
the gentric kettle-

@ Tie Thousano Heus

black tormenters of the damnéd, armed with barbed forks and
whips, Others appear as beastial creatures resembling dog-,
sntake-, ape-, bear- and rat-men, or as slumping, shambling
corpses in variousstages of decay. Some are more unique than
this, andtake the forms of gibbering mounds of flesh lashingout
with seven-foot tongues, mounds of maggots in. thé Shape of

§men, or strange crossbreeds of phoenixes, cicadas and human

infants. Whateventhe case; none ofthese creatures are pleasant
to:behold, and they are'even less pleasant to interact with.
Possessions? Sonie armor that)gives one or two dice-of

_ Pfotection and subtracts one from the wearer's Dexterity, and

a Weapon thiat mayor inay not do'aggravated damage.
Roleplaying Hints: Demon seryitors are heartless, age-
less spirits of evil forces created invearlierages toiserve the

Yama Kings. With the'coming of the Third Age andthe fall

of Yomi into ultimate spiritual degradation, some. ofthese ~

*beings attained free will, while th majority became slaves
to their masters. instead of their

tasks..Most' of these
cfeaturesare inherently
5 Gi wicked, simply because
Jpy inherent wickedness
hoy makes Undertaking their
°Y painful and' otherwiseiunre-
warding task tharimuch easier.
In>san ideal
world, = this
/ wickedmess
would have been
retrained by the
natural order of ~
things, but Yomi is not
an ideal world. Ruin wild.af you
can, hecauseiyou have no'choice.
Storyteller Notes: These crea-
tures are whatever youneed them to
be, from detailed and sadistic remind-*
ers of a Kuei-jin's tortured past, to ge
neric mooks to be shipped in to. the loca.
tions ofdramatic battles by the school: »
bus load and curdown like somany
howling, gibbering-bagsof we
oatmeal:
_ Overseers tend to be'more
powerful versions ofbasicser-

‘Vitors. ..

t
*


th
inane sd be re ees

ch an is rs before inviting ‘them inj can b

‘dropped orstolen hy einterprising (and foolhardy) P's sou
arene Me Pare ae ae

| ‘more nike b ittack:
Sea a al
Hite fre


APPENDIX
AKUMA:
FNE DEVIC-SATEN

It isthe discourse of hell on the subject of sin
Thomas Ligotti, "The Lost Art of Twilight"

Tue Econonjcs
oF DamMNaTjon

In this ever-darkening Fifth/Age, the term aksma is ban-
died about as a desetiptorfor political enemies of the Kuei-jin's
court, those seen as racially inferior or thosewho have commit-
ted grave offenses against the ancestorsyNow cheapened with
misuse, the term is little more than an insult. Most Kuei-jin
blame this on jina and mandarins eager to press emotional
buttons. Yet there are some who wonder, is:thisittuly the case,
or is it simply that the once-unthinkablé erimewf commerce
with the Yama Kings has grown soxommon'that Kuei-jin can
no longer take it seriously? Surely, only the bodhisattvas know,
and rarely do they cease their weeping for this fallen Age long
enough to converse with its lesser inhabitants»

Much has been said earlier ifn this book about'the history
of the Yama Kings and the relationshipbetween the akyma and
their infernal patrons. Of Mahanaga Visparakni and his sins,
and of the history that follows, no more shall be said. Rather
than discuss the theory of dealings with the Yama Kings, this
chapter concerns itself with the practice.

The Nature oF THE Crayne

Technically, all that a Kuei-jin must do to be anvakumad§
to havewwilling and knowing congress with @Yama King or his
emissaries, Yet, as in allthings, there are degrees. Even in the
relative civilization of the Five August Courts or the great uji
of Japan, the influencé of the lords of Yomi Wan is plaititésee.
Walking the nightmare-haunted sleep of the fallen Guan Ren,
the Yama Kings and their minions tempt and torment. The
lords, of Yotni seek to»spread Suspiciong@issenr and sedition
among the ranks of the Wan Kuei, as well as to recruit pawns
for their endless schemes in the Middle Kingdom. In furthering
these goals, truth is as effective a weapon as lies, if not moreso,
Yet by ancient law, a Kuei-jin who pays heed to a Yama King's
words, no matter to what end) would be considered one of the
Devil-eaten.

While proven dréam-congress withallord of Yomi without
the court ancestor's permission is still a death sentence in
rigidly traditionalistareas like the Japanese uji no Bishamon and
the Chinese Blood Court,/Kuei-jinsociety generally adopts a


jnreRNaijsM VERSUS
Derionciocy
worth taking a moment to differentiate the
Kuei-jin concept of infernalism from the Kuei-jin
notion of demonology. Infernalism implies a feudal
worshipful or master-slave relationship between a

ernatural power of

darkr ilmostalwaysa Yama King. Infernalism is

1 capital offense punishable by a horrible death and

1 vast dishonor for one's wu-mates and tutors. Reli

able information on this topic is extremely rare and
invariably proscribed
s the summoning and mastery of

ickec

extent or

Demonolo

Banes, Spectres and other sirits. Many

Kuei-jin practice this to some nother

Such practice is even one of the specialties of the

Devil-Tiger Dharma, who consider it a natural part

of their religious practice, and who have produced a
literature on the practical aspects of this subject as

extensive in its 4 way as the magical

libraries of th ind the Order of Hermes.

Demon« zal, though it is often

sidered in exceeding Ir outside of

Devil

taste

Tiger circles

more petmissiveattitude than this. Of course, what is permit-
ted to goon in seefet may (as in the Golden Courts) be radically
at oddsswith public m@fality. While it may be accepted in the
Green Courts as natural to barter for this and that withythe
minions of Yomi and highly impolite to inquire into the state
of a Kuei-jin's soul, such infernalism isstill a capital offense. A
Kuei-jin with the misfortune to be caught practicing will be
duly executed, ¥en if the mandarins and\aticestor who sen-
tence herito death regularly indulge in commerce with the
Yomi realms. Appearances must be maintained, afterall.

Outside of wordplay and conversation, commerce with the
Yama Kings is generally divided into three major categories by
Kuei-jin legal scholars. Thefitst category of commerce iscalled
General or Lessér Commerce. This commerce is "lesser" only in
that it does not involve the.Kuei-jin's soul. Instead of a
fragment of her soul, the Wan Kueijpaysthe Yama King. in'
Something of equivalent value — an attifact, importanieinfor-
Mation abourthe doings of her court, oraneye carefully averted!
as the Yor lord's minions go about their business in the Kugi-
jin's demesne.

The prescribed penalties for this;so-called Lesser Corn-
merée aresome of the most painfiilin the decitledly unpleasant
Kuei-jin Tegal canon, given that each of these atts recreates in
miniature the fall of the Wan Xiah. Kuei-jin caught at these
inauspicious activities are be lucky if theirsoulis consumed by
the First Oni ofthe court. Those less favored by the mandarins
mayhiave their bones draw our of their still-active corpses with
White-hot hooksjor their Chilethally and creatively imbalanced)
by aimiaster of the-Equilibrium Discipline, cursing them toa
slow painful demise over the courséof many daysand nights of
sleepless agony.

_ 103

Despite this, Lesser Commerce is disturbingly common.
The rewards that the Lords of Yomi Wan can offer for even
paltry favors are enough to make it seem worthwhile to many
Kuei-jin, especially jina eager to get ahead in their courts or
embittered heimin and exiles with nothing to lose. While it
would not be politic to say that a majority of Kuei-jin undertake
such commerce at some point in their unlives, it would be
disturbingly close to the truth. As in all transgressions, the sin
lies not in the guilt over the performance of the deed, but in the
shame of beingséauight)

Theifiext category ofdealing with theVama Kings is Soul
Commerce, also called Iris Bulb Commerce because it splits up
the Kugi-jin's soul as the gardener splits up/iris bulbs when they
are removed from the ground for the winter. In this formiof
commerce, the Kuei-jin enters into negotiations with a Yama)
Kingorhis representatives, usually by summoning them though
thé Ritual of the Black Peony. Though the Yama Kings occa-
sionally approach prospective akuma themselves, they are 48a
tule gninterestediin dealifigs with those who do not have the
determination) resources and skill to perform the ritual. Thus,
Iris Bulb\Commerce is, by and large, the province of jina and
mandarins. Only the most talenred Running Monkeys will
make it over the minimum €omipetence bar, and even fewer of
these souls are yaluablé@nough for a lord of Yomi Wan to deigit
to negotiate directly.

If the ritual is suceessful in contacting the appropriate
Yama King,the Kiei-jin states what favors, power or knowl-
edge he,wishes to purchase. If the Yama King or her represén-
tativeare interested, the two parties then engage in an compli-
cated and ritualistic series of legal negotiations to determine
what size piece of the Kuei-jin's soul will be taken in payment.
The resulting contract, written in blood on white silk, is signed
{with a jade seal that contains the portion of the souil given. It
is possible — though'fot easy — foraskilled and clever Kite
jin to "chear"the Yama\King, cleverly placing a clause in the
eontract that allows him to suibstitute a mortal's soul or ajade
effigy{for his own soul,to pay with a decayed or otherwise
valueless potion of hig soul, or otherwise to evadé the clutches
of the Yama King: On the other hand, itisimuch more likely for
the Yama King to come out ahead, seizing much more of the
Guan Ren's soul than he bargained for, or even becoming its
sole owner,

Why thigsis so is a matter of speculation among the
philosophers who make it their habit to dwell'on sth forbid-
dénetopics. Some beli¢vethat it is a result of some mandate of,
the August Personage of Jade, while others believe that the
Yama Kings themselves abide by these laws to tempt Kuei-jin
into dealing with them. Others note thar these are the same
laws that are used to negotiate contracts between the various
inhabitants of Yomi, and speculate that the ability of Kuei-jin
to oceasionallyicome out ahead in their dealings with the Yama
Kingsisia coincidence (happy or otherwise) of the deep-rooted
desire of the Yama Kings to cheat one another, thus demon-
strating the negativeskarmic effects of dishonesty. Whatever
the case, the flickering hope that one may outwit the lords of
Hell andy¢ome out a "winner" has tempted many otherwise
intelligent Kuei-jin in difficult positions to come to the table
with a Yama King in hopes of bettering their situations.


104

‘The Ryruat oF tHe Brack Prony (Lever 3 Rjre)

The Ritual of the Black Peony is the most com-
mon means used to contact the Yama Kings. While
there are other rituals that can serve the same put-
pose, this is the one most commonly used, because

p the ingredients are simple and evidence of the ritual
is easy to conceal, Other methods of contacting the
Yama Kings, while perhaps surer, leave irrevocably
damning evidence behind.

\ So named because of the manner in which it
manifests, the Black Peony Chant is aseries of unnatu-
ral mantras and unharmonious meditative postures
that must be performed over a period of several hours,
prior to the Kuei-jin adjourning for her day's sleep,
Over the course of several days, the vampire has in-
creasingly severe nightmares of her torments in Yomi.
When the ritual reaches its climax, the Kuei-jin is
visited in her dreams by the Yama King she wishes to
treat with, or the servants thereof.

In game terms, the character must meditate for (6
minus Meditation) hours before bed. The player must
then make a successful Intelligence + Occult roll (dif-
ficulty 8) and spend a point each of both Demon Chi
and, Willpower as the character drifts off to sleep, in
order to form the metaphysical link with Yomi Wan.
¢ Oneach successive nightof the ritual, the character has
f increasingly terrible nightmares as dark spirits gnaw

away at the veil between herdreaming mind and Yomi.

One sage described the process as similar to the way in

which ants gradually gnaw away the peony buds and

allow the flowers to blossom; hence the name of the
rite, When the ritual has been successfully performed
fora number of successive nights equal to the local Wall
rating, the link with Yomi is complete and the charac-
ter dreams of the desired Yama King or his servitor.
There are certain side effects to the ritual. Usually
the character suffers the effects of the Flaw: Nightmares

The third form ofeommetce isthe total and unconditional
subjection of the Kuei-jin's soul to the Yama Kings. Called the
Pact of Ebony and Scarlet Jade, the transactiomoccurs when'
the akuma-to-be willingly offers his entiré soul all at once. In
order to undertake this rite, the Kuei-jin's soul must be entirely
his own —the Yama Kings are not interested in damaged goods
or slaves whose loyalties are divided (and have no doubts, self
inflicted slavery is indubitably the truth of the newly.thinted
akuma's state). However, while the Ebonyjand Scarlet Jade
akuma are unfree, bound even to théir very highest souls into
the webs of theirdemonic masters, theifSlayery is in'many ways
a most exalted state.

Rising stars in the society of the Guan Ren (or else they!
would never have drawn the attention of the Yama Kings),
these akuma are taken to Yomi and trained as princes and
princesses of darkness, to serve at the right hand of the lords of

for up'to'a dozen nights after she successfully performs

the ritual, and at the Storyteller's option, wicked spirits
and other negative influences may be attracted to the
area by the outpouring of Yomi energy, Note also that
the Ritual of the Black Peony is relatively safe. While

the Kuei-jin may negotiate and receive' powers, only 4
the most dreadfully inauspicious circumstances (such
as botching the ritual's Intelligence + Occult roll while
ona defiled dragon nest) can open a true gate to Yomi
or put the vampire's soul in peril from something other
than bad negotiation.

This ritual requires cooperation from both sides to
succeed. As discussed earlier, the Yama Kings are not
looking for fools or thugs; they have bakemono and
demon servants for those roles. Kuei-jin too young,
unknown or inexperienced to have come to the notice
of the princes of Yomi are likely to get nothing more
from the Ritual of the Black Peony than bad dreams.

Yama Kings may also choose not to come to the
table with elderly Kuei-jin. Wise are the sages of the
Wan Kuei, and the princes of Yomi are unwilling to
allow themselves to be cheated mercilessly by those
who understand their legal codes better than they
themselves do. If the Kuei-jin has 10 or more dice in her )
Intelligence + Law pool, it is entirely possible that her
summons will be ignored, It is certain that the Yama
Kings willcease to respond to such a Kuei-jin's entreat-
ies after the first time she sells some poorsap up the river
with Calculated ease during contract negotiations.

Because it is rare, strictly proscribed and poten-
tially unbalancing to the game, characters cannot pur-
chase the Ritual of the Black Peony with the Rituals
Background unless given special permission from the
Storyteller to do so.

Yomil(Given special,e#atmentsiand training in consideration
oftheir exalted state, these nobility among the Devil-eaten
serve their masters as generals, ministers andagents among the
fallen Wan)Xian.

Stith princes of Hell are thankfully uncommon, though
unfortunately this has more todo with the policiesiof the
Yama Kings than with the lack of applicants. It seems thar
in this Sunset Age there is always some Running Monkey
willing to sacrifice his freed6m and his very soul in pursuit
of raw power. Thankfully, the training of such noble devils
costs the Yama Kings a greatdeal, bothiim-terms of resources
expended and in the most precious resource a Yama King has
— her undivided personal attention' as she oversees the
delicate and lengthy operations required toxturn one of the
fallen Wan Xian into something both less than/and:much,

much more than a Kuei-jin.


-

SO

Apreunjx: Acuna: Tae Devi-Earen

e are a number of fates
awaiting them. Many fall to their P'os, and are destroyed or
spend the rest of eternity in jade collars, as the guardians and
hunting beasts of their court. Others choose to follow the
Devil-Tiger faith, and cither-learnst set theinfeet upon the
road to enlightenment or else fall to the twin lashes of their
tutors and the Black Iron Talon sect of the DharmaiSome
become lesser akuma, cking out what mez

or the failed supplicants, the:

ger payment they can
for the sale of theirsouls. The mostinsistent or inept the Yama
Kings simply destroy or turn@ver to the ancestors of their
Tespective courts as a good faith measure.

jris Burs Commerce

The.process of Sou) Commerce is simplified by the fact
that it generallytakes place in adream created forthat purpose
by ‘asmagical ritual, whete issues of physical security and
authenticity are generally moot. Unless the player. suffers-a
boréhyon the requitéd-rollythe character cannot be directly
ripped off-— meaning carted straight to Yomi immediately —
in the, deal. This condition alone encourages the use of the
Ritual ofthe Black Peony, with its:artificial playing field. In
those cases where the akumajis bargaining with a Yama King
whose representative is physically present, there are the added
dangersof discovery, double-dealing and ambush. However, it
should benoted that the contract is metaphysically binding no
Matter how it is struck. The Yama'King must uphold his end,
just as»the Kuei- -jin must tphold ‘hers. This by no means
prohibits intrigue; it simply means that the deal itself is sacred.
Betrayal may take many other forms than the simple backstab.

The specificsof contract negotiation are left abstract by
this system. Negotiating a business deal is probably not a
roleplaying experience that the average reader is going tofind
thrilling. Even if it were, the contract laws of the Yama Kings
stretch on for many, manyiyolumes, and preparing a summary
adequate to play would be daunting even with a fairly thick
book devoted entirely to the topic. Also (oddlyenough), this
isamatterin which roleplaying is perhaps inappropriate. There
is no out-talking a Yama King at the bargaining table, just
outsmarting him, and for anyone the Yama Kings are willing to
sitdown and haggle withyeach bargaining session is literallyia:
toss of the dice. By representing.it abstractly and impartially,
the risk and inherent uncertainty involyed in cutting deals
with the infernal powers are better represented than by allow-
ing a persuasive player to talk the Storyteller into fulfilling his
in-character desires:

A charactefWhowwishes to begin cutting deals with the
princes of Yomi must assemble a contact method, learn some-
thing about the legal process governing transactions between
inhabitants of Yomi, and ascertain precisely what it is that the
Yama Kings can provide for her(fiot to meftion which Yama
King or Queen is best for her desires). None of these are simple
tasks, and each of them is discussed ividetail below.

Securing a Contact METHOD

A Kuei-jin who wishes to engage in Soul Commerce must
fitst.and foremost have some way of contacting the Yama
Kings. Without a way to make his intentions known, even the

105

Pippen Costs

Note that just because a Kuei-jin w AWAY

Yama Ki all the

ul doesn't mean thar she

with

1 deal with the
fhers
gotten off scor-free

from
important parts <

Itjust means that she got away

with her freedom intact. There may be substitu

tions involve innocent human or the

Chi-r f other shen (particularly 1),

minor services that indirectly aid the Yama Kir
f the Kuei-jin
for certain emotions, or simply «

te jade

of the

nsive effigies
made from gem and other

up to the Storyteller to detail), it is possible that

precious

substances. Res peci hich are

there may be negative repercussions from the

ifter the payment itse ich echoes may

well include a Moment; ss, especially f

Devil-Tigers and Resplendent Cranes

most promisingand deprayedmandarin cannot begin to wrench
his worth from the Yama Kings. While the Ritual of the Black
Peony is the'most common method by which Kuei-jin contact
the Yama Kings, fear of persecution makes the act is highly
individualistic. There are nearly as many ways to contact the
lords of Hell as there are those who would have commerce with
them. Rather than attempt to describe specific methods, which
aré really the province of the Storytelfer's creativity, this
section attempts to outline variousroads to knowledge which
aspitingakuma might walk, and the difficulties they may face
along them,

Dream Visirarions ann Courtiy Games

While the YamaiKings often visit thedreams of Kuei4in,
who have escaped their clutches, these dream-visions are mere
phantoms, not sufficiently strong for transactions involving
souls and the dark pawer of Yomi. In order for the vampire to
be able to'make a deal, he must first find a way to contact his
prospective masters with enough strength andcertitude ta get
something done.

Those Kuei-jin who are unlucky enough to receive
regulariyisits from the Yama Kings and their minions during
their dreams can simply entreat the Yama Kings to teach
them how to make a less tenuous contact. In many cases, the
stipplicant is taught the Ritual of the Black Peony asa result.
Not albYama Kings will do this, however. Because trickery
is easier face-to-face, some Yama Kings arrange to speak
throughiKumo, Kitra Sau or akuma servants. Regardless of
the method of contact, most lords of Yomi require that a
supplicant give'theit\service of some sort in return for this
tutelage. By doing this, the vampire becomes accustomed to
performifig tasks at the Yama King's behest, and is made to
pay for the privilege of selling her soul.


106

Those Kuei-jin who are not so unfortunate as to have
nightly visits from the Yama Kings, who distrust them or who
eschew beginning their careers as akuma by laboring for the
privilege'must find othermeans of contacting their prospective
patrons. A youhg member ofthe Wan Kuei cannot typically
stroll up to a mandarin and ask hit foripermission to ransack
his library for lore concerning ways to becomeian akuma. Elder
Kuei-jin, particularly those entrusted with Hell#lore, are alert
for disciples and jina who seem to be straying down the wrong
path. Even if the mandarin is himself one of the Devil-eaten,
he isamitich moredikely to blackmail the upstart than éreate a
possible competitoriwithin the court.

There are many approaches to gaining access to this
forbidden lore, and the Gnly thing that ties most of them
togethenis their unpleasantinature. Kuei-jin may play danger-
ous games, burglarizing the havens of their elders in attempts to
ransaek their libraries for possible lore. They may attempt to
duplicitously gain access to a library, ostensibly to study
one topic but in reality ito rifle through it for
completely different reasons. Both of these
are risky tactics#as thé Kuei-jin will be
operating under the' scrutinysof their
ancestors.

Trarriceing Wir Tie
Unricgureous

Some Kuei-jin may moye out-
side their own courts, where their
inquiries ate less likely to be no-
ticed. Some would-be akuma go
slumming; seducing, bullying or mur-
dering mortal occultists for their for-
bidden lore. Others circulate among the.
underworld of the shen, associating with
heimin, Kumo, Kura Sau, bakemonoand other
unrighteous detritus iman attempt to gain access
to their knowledge) While these approaches are less socially
risky than teying the information within Kueiejin society, they
have their ownnegative aspects#A Kuei-jin whose peers detéct
her searching outside the courtsifor lore are likely to assume
that she is doing something she 6ughtn't, and to take action as
aresult. Those who see her associating with'Kumo or Kura Sau
are certain to think this, and likely todosomething to stop her.
She may be blackmailed, on else subjected to the vatious
applications of the Obligation and Chi'iu Muh Disciplinesby
Suspicious ancestors.

Worse, not only is she in danger from hen@ourt opyji and
her new-found compatriots, the!ifieophyté must also worry
about other hunters and the applicability of the lore she finds
to her own condition. Members of the Shih, Wu Lung and Yu
are almost certain to ignore a Kuei-jin who stays within the
bounds of her court, but those same warriorsiof righteousness
are unlikely to be particularly discriminating whén its agents
find a member of the Wan Kuei among thir regular enemies.
By washing her feet in the world of the unrighteous, the Kuei-
jin makes her allegiance to darkness clearly known, and sets the
swords of all those who would oppose the schemings of the
Yama Kings against her.

The Teousanp Hes
Scnorariy Seir-Aprijcation

As mentioned above, thefé is tio guarantee.that the lore
that a Kuei-jin gains through his association with the'scum of
the Night People will be at all applicable. Gertainily, mtich of
the information gained from a member of the Kura Sau will be
useful, but the aspiring akuma is working from a'position of
ignorance. Howéan a Kuetjin differentiate between the Ritual
of the Black Peony;which is useful tohim, and attempting to)
dance the Blaék Spiral, which is mést assuredly not? Certainly,
it is unlikely that any of the beings he consorts with will have,
the sort of detached enlightenment necessary to'tell him that
the entities the Nephandi Of the West consort with are consid-
erably different from the YamaKings of the East. Kuei-jin will
éither,haye to take'their chances and runithe'tisk of drinking
Fomorol imbhopes of contacting the Yama Kings, or else become
seriousistudents of the dark arts as they attempt to learn just
what precisely worksiandswhat does not.

Indeed, such mastety ofthe occult arts provides the
young GuamRen with their third major point of
aceess to. the Yama Kings. While the lore
needed to contact the lords of Yomi Wan is
conéealed from direct scrutiny, the Kuei-
jin arealways eager to tutora disciple or
jina in the occult arts for the better-
ment of the court. An occultist is
quite likely to be able to invent the
Ritual of the Black Peonygiar some-
IG] { thing similarjfor himself after enough
= Stlidye Also, such a studentis likely to
@&S be involved in the day-to-day rites of
\ his court)and thus have much easiet
~

~
vo Se

Xs access to the Gccult wisdom of the an*
we cestors. Ofcourse,this also means that he
¥ is under close scrutinyyaind there, is,chat

troublesome issue of Obligation constantly peer-
ing over his shoulder, It is best if theiaspiring slaveto
darkness has a sincere interest in all matters occult when

choosing this path to knowlédge, and not just inlearning the
minimum necessary\towdial A for akuma.

Learnjng Conrracr Law

Nextythe aspiring akema must gain knowledge of the laws
by which the businessyof Yomi, is transacted. Texts.on.this
subject are strictly(proscribed to the Wan Kuei, and those
déaling with the specifics of the negotiating process as it applies
to Kuei-jinarewthus exceedingly rare. A neophyte must find a
way togain access to this information on his own, else his
efforts are doomed to miserable failure.

First, the akuma-to-be must be able to grasp the ¢omplex:
(indeed, Byzantine) legal system of Yomi. The Kuei-jin must
have also have an understanding of the basics of contracts,
negotiation and litigation. In gameiterms the vampire must.
have Intelligence or higher and Lawi2. or higher to petform
negotiations properly, otherwise the Yama King just laughs
his amateurish efforts. Obviously the Jhigher the Kuei-jin's
Intelligence and Law, the better offike is. Then the Kuei.

must gain specific understanding of the theory and practice off ig


107

Averuojx: Acuna: Tae Devi-Earen _ ©

So what are the texts that a Kuei-jin interested in
serving the forces of Yomi wants to get their pallid corpse-
hands on?

Common Texts

These are the texts that every Kuei-jin can count on
gaining access to either during the instruction for their 7é,
or else during their discipleship.

The Ki Chuan — Just as the Bible and the Qu'ran
speak much of the Devil, the most revered scriptures of
the Guan Ren — the Commentaries of Ki — talk exten-
sively about the Yama Kings and Yomi. While hardly a
guidebook to demonology, Xue's descriptions of the fall of
Meru and Ki's own lamentations of the world's increasing
decadence both provide some sideways insight into the
path of the Devil-eaten. Most important is the verse

Unrighteous are those
Who gamble in their dreams with the Yama Kings
Haggling like merchants for scraps.of their souls.
Such false cleverness shamed the Wan Xian

and made them straw dogs in the eyes of Heaven.

which has provided the first step for many an unwise
member of the Wan Kuei, eager to set her foot on the
downward spiraling path, So it is with the base man, that
he will pick out one grain of wickedness from a bushel of'
righteous exhortations.

The Songs of Hell — This.is an anonymous collec-
tion of inspirational and devotional verses dating from
the early Five Emperors period that forms part of the core
of the Devil-Tiger philosophy. While long on the Devil-
Tigers' own practical sort of demonology, The Songs of Hell
studiously avoids mention of any of the technical details
of Soul Commerce, the Pact of Ebony and Scarlet Jade or
other rites tharsubject the Kuei-jin to the will ofthe Yama
Kings. However, there are a series of setpiece disputations
between Xue (as the proro-Devil-Tiger) and Mahanaga
Visparakni (as the proto-akuma). The author describes
Mahanaga quite eloquently. While this may or may not be
anactual description of Visparakni, itis most definitely an
accurate (if poetic) description of an akuma created by the
Pact of Ebony and Searlet Jade.

The Red Book of the Iron Bridge — Written by the
mad poet known only as O shortly before his (or her)
death, the Red Book of the Iron Bridge is both one of the
most beautiful works of kaja literature and a catalog of the
torments of Yomi. O wasa Thrashing Dragon at the heart
of the Changan Court during the very late Five Emperors
period, and it is entirely possible that O's madness and
possibly her Final Death (O chose to face the Eye of
Heaven voluntarily as a poetic statement) was caused by
one or more of akuma. What is known is that O found —
or believed he found — a way to revisit the torments of
Yomi, either in his dreams or through some strange use of

the Dragon Tear. O's poetic descriptions of the Yomi
realms invariably touch a chord in the hearts of Kuei-jin
who read her verses, as they so eloquently capture the
experience of the Second Breath. While not directly
useful for infernalism, the Red Book contains the "canoni-
cal" list of the Yama Kings, as well as descriptions of
literally thousands of Yomi hells. Asa piece of literature
that almost every one of the Wan Kuei literate in kaja
teads and owns, ithas shaped their societal perceptions of
Yomi since its penning, and thus is crucial in forming the
attitudes that most Kuei-jin have toward the Thousand
Hells.

Apvancen Texts

Unavailable to most young Kuei-jin because they're
so rare or decidedly unhealthy for those not wise enough
to handle spiritual contaminants safely, these texts form
the core of Kuei-jin infernalist literature. It is illegal to
own these texts without special permission. At a mini-
mum, the ancestor of the court must be informed of the
Kuei-jin's intentions and give written permission before
the upstart can so much as glance at these texts, and then
the Kuei-jin is placed under the closest of scrutiny by the
mandarins of his court. In the case of exceedingly danger-
‘ous books like The Broken-winged Crane, the ancestors of
the Kuei-jin's Quincunx Court or uji must be informed as
well, While their permission is not required, an expres-
sion of sincere displeasure on their part is likely to set the
Kuei-jin's immediate ancestor against the idea as well. It
is unlikely that a Kuei-jin below the rank of mandarin will
be granted permission to look over these books, much less
duplicate and own them.

The Manual of Yi— An essential training text of
the shih demon hunters that fell into the possession of the
Guan Ren during the Order's period of hubris and de-
cline, the Manual of Yiis believed to exist now only in the
libraries of the Wan Kuei. Many Kuei-jin consider this
amusing, given the shih's own relentless persecution of the
Guan Ren and their destruction of so many important
texts. Most Kuei-jin who know of the text expect the shih
will get it back slightly after the Thousand Hells freeze
solid en masse,

Written from a enlightened demon hunter's perspec-
tive, the Manual of Yi contains precious little information
on the practice of infernalism; the author was concerned
more with the effects of such practices than with the
specific methods. There is certainly some insight to be
gained about infernalisra during the Five Emperors period
in the chapters instructing a demon hunter in what to
look for in a shen suspected of consorting with Yomi.

More importantly, outside of the memories of the
Middle Dragons, the Manual of Yi is perhaps the single
most complete catalog ever compiled of Investments,
Gifts, Taints, Charms and Treatments given to aktma,

| f
& Young Axcuma's Reapjng List }

{


\
t

bakemono, Banes and other slaves of darkness in the
Middle Kingdom. While the document's age (several
thousand years old) means it is in some ways out of date,
the book remains surprisingly useful as a reference, both
to demon hunters and to neophyte infernalists trying to
ascertain just what it is the Yama Kings can do for them.

Seven Scriptures of Immortal Iniquity — Almost
certainly composed by a Yama King, greater akuma or a
powerful Bane, the Seven Scriptures of Immortal Iniquity
are, in their own words: "...an attempt to show that
unrighteousness as well as righteousness is its.own re-
ward." In its original form, the Scriptures comprised seven.
disks of flawless and inclusion-free gem-quality black
jade, each about 18 inches wide and an inch thick. Each
side is covered in tiny, perfectly formed kaja characters
(too small to read without Sharpened Senses) which wind
toward the center of the disk, meaning they are most
comfortably read on a potter's wheel. The characters are
precisely the same size and spacing, and clearly hand-
carved — the Seven Scriptures were a labor of obsessive
love, hence the speculation on the nature of the author.

Obviously written as a direct answer to the Seven
Taoist Immortals, the Seven Scriptures of Immortal Iniquity
depict the lives of seven of the most glorious servants of
the Yama Kings, commemorating their infamy. The first
disk bears, a brief introduction and tells the story of
Mahanaga Visparakni, and each successive disk relates
the story of another glorious akuma. Needless to say, each
story is of precisely the same length.

The original disks are believed to have been de-
stroyed during the Mongol invasion, but copies of the
Scriptures survived. Of course, without the originals avail-
able for comparison, various forgeries have been pro-
duced, and the akuma memorialized vary wildly from copy
to copy. Some copies even detail more or fewer than
seven akuma. Theaccurate editions of the Scriptures.are a
guidebook to the Treatments available to those akuma

law in the Thousand Hells. This differs significantly from
anything in his prior experience, evetifrom the legalities of the
Celestial Bureaucracy.

Those who have already begun to consort with the'undet,

world are of course well on their way tovlearning such lore:
There are any number of ways to force afellow infernalist into
revealing what he knows, though it's genetally a good idea to
crush the informant's free will/in order to prevent him from,
misinforming about the specifies out of spit®\or malicey Soul
Shackling the victim or devouringhis soul via Spirit-Eating are
the preferred methods, though thete are others, For example,
Lotus Cloud and Yang Mantle used judiciously in combination
work well on mortals. Shen are more diffictiltto persuade, and
their wrath (or the wrath of their friends) is much)more
dangerous. Kuei-jin who wish to wrest information from fellow
infernalists but who cannot find mortal occultists to victimize
should be exceedingly careful in their choice of targets.

who enter the service of the Yama Kings through the Pact
of Ebony and Scarlet Jade. The less accurate versions
range from dangerously corrupt to works of pure fiction.
Kuei-jin attempting to procure copies of the Scriptures
should do significant research before buying.

The Broken-winged Crane — The Broken-winged
Crane is a book so dark that for many centuries it existed
only as rumor and prophecy, as whispers passed from the
mouth of one minion of Yomi to the ears of another, as.a
stain in the tapestry of dreams. It was only in the 14th
century, when the first copy was discovered among the
effects of the ancestor of Changan, that the book's proph-
ecies were fulfilled and its potential realized. The Changan
ancestor's copy was taken to the Young Forest Temple,
where it has remained under lock and key ever since, but
other copies have been discovered. One is known to be in
the possession of the Shanghai Kura Sau prince Hei Ti,
and another is said to have been carried from the ashes of
Nagasaki by the renegade Wu Lung Kuro Seito. But where
thereare two, there are certainly more, and nobody knows
where they come from.

Few who have perused the contents of The Broken-
winged Cyane care to speak of the details. According to the
most réliable of the prophecies predicting its appearance,
it is the ptayerbook of the Sixth Age; a blueprint for
ultimate spiritual degradation; a textbook for those who
would embrace the Yama Kings as their masters. It is said
that the knowledge contained within it was what exalted
Hei Ti to his present state, and that its contents closed
forever the third eye of the Resplendent Crane arhat Jade
Rose. Far an aspiring akuma with the spiritual strength
necessary to master the verses within, possession of acopy
of The Broken-winged Crane is the key an unrighteous dén |
80 great as unlock the vistas of black apotheosis and exalt
him among the servants of Yomi as those who have read
its words before him have been exalted.

Mortalland shen inférnalists are not the only sources for
this knowledge. The Law of Yomi is used by all its inhabitants
in the Course of theifinteractions. A Kuei-jin who@an enforee
hér will upon afBane, Spectre or other wicked spirit can
command it to,teach her, just.as surely as she could command
it to Watcha potential tatget or guard. Valuable possession; the.
Tapestry art Chi-shaping and various demonology ritualgiare
commonly used for this purpose. What is most importants that,
the bound spirit be intelligent enough to relay usefullinformae
tion to its new master. ca Kenei and their Yang aot

tual level, Even
entity's s reflexive]

must a a Mec: of 20 and: 4
share basic thought processeawitivereatures that are ge
considered "sentient" to teach the Kuei-jin the laws of Yomi.


A spirit must have a Power of 40 or higher and likewise share
the vampire's mode of sentience in order to teach the Kuei-jin
well enough for him to develop a Law specialty in Soul
Commerce — a well-recommended investment for the bud-

ding infernalist.

AscerTajnjng Wuar js AvajiasLe

Finally, before the aspiring akuma contacts the Yama
Kings to begin-the negotiation process,he must decide what
precisely ipis that he desires. While much of what the vampire
can purchase is obvious, there are some options thapthe akuma
may not be aware of. A wise young infernalist engages ina great
deal of research prior to sitting down at the table —souls are
forever, after all' The research methods discussed above are all
valid for taking such decisions, particularly'the capture and
interrogation of evil spiritsywhio are (as one might imagine)
quite knowledgeable in such matters.

The Yama Kings do their part'to structure thesprocess of
Sout Commerce in a fashion that encourages Wan Kuei to
place their entire soul on the table each time they negotiate. In
game terms, each Kuei-jin has a number of Soul points equal to
her (Hun or Willpower, whichever is léwer) x 10. These
represent the degree to which the Kuei-jinican give portions of
her essential substance away and still retain self-mastery (or as

astery as_any of the Guan Ren ever has). The
average infernalist thus has between 40 and 60 Soul points.

When the Kuei-jin sitsdown at the bargaining table, she
may bring with her a "shopping list*/éqlal in value to her
remaining Saul points (for the Soul point values of various
Investments, see "Investments of Soul" on p. LLL). Each item
on the list is bargaitied over in turn, and the Kuei-jin may pay

Tue Honcrasie Retreat

It is entirely possible that a Kuei-jin may

contact the Yama Kings to negotiate over matters

kne Ige

of Soul Commerce without having an'
of the legalities involved. Kuei-jin who cannot

read kaja, have n of Yomi or who

we not prepared.a l

EMPL O

hack gracefully ours on and come bac

when better prepared. However, getting out of the
elephant trap is significantly harder than getting

in, and the denizens of Yomi are

The play

(difficulty 9) in order for the

TY persua

emust make a Charisma + Etiquette roll

noose. On a successful roll, characters can manag

foyet out from under the deal, thoug!
acefully. After a failed roll, how
are taken for

perhaps not
ver, characters

tide, lose their soul the Yama

Kings and gain whatever minor gifts their new

overlords think might make a 4
bit more useful. As for the results of he
the specifics are up to the individual Storyteller

the end result is never pretty. In fact nerally

not even survivable

109

more or less for a given investment than she expects. A poorly
negotiated contract may even cost the vampire her entire soul.
However, even if the Kuei-jin forfeits her soul on the first item,
she receives her entire "shopping list."

Thus, a vampire who wagers her entire soul each time she
goes to the table cannot possibly come away a loser. Any
success at all in the negotiations allows her to retain her
freedom, and even if the deal goes badly for her, she has
commanded the maximum price for her soul —orat least that's
how the lordsi6f Yomi Waniwould liketo portray matters. In
reality, itfmeans that many Kuei-jin who would otherwise come
to the table for a single favor instead risk theinentire souls, and
the Yama Kings waste no breath denying that this is. their
intention.

The Dear js Struck

After the vampire has done her research and prepared her
shopping list, and the, Yama Kings are brought in, the process
Of formal negotiation can begin. As noted above, the character
should bring a prepared list of requested Investments to the
table — the protocol of negotiation in the Thousand Hells
requires thatall requested boons be stated before formal nego-
tiations begin.sA character who is successful in her negotia-
tions cannot decideits append items to the end of her list: To
prevent what might be potentially bitter arguments between
the playerand Storyteller, the list of requests should be written
down and formally stated as done and final before the rolls for
the Ritual of the Black Peony are begun.

For each item on the list, the player rolls Intelligence +
Law (difficult 8) and the Storyteller consults the table below.
No, of Successes Result
Surely he must have meant to strike that
clause. Roll agingle die and add the result
tothe listed cast ofthe item. That is the
Soul peinteast the character pa
Perhaps the Kuei-jin could haveveut a
better deal. The item costs the listed Soul
pointyalue.

A good bargain The character pays the
listed Soul point cost + 2.

Failure:

1 Success:

2 Successes:
3 Successes: Anexcellentdeal. Thecharacter pays half
the listed Soul point cost(round up),

4 Successes: ‘A bargain at twice the price! The charac-
terpaysa third of the listed Soul point cost
(roundup).

Surely the demon children of the Yama
Kings will go hungry tonight. The charac-
ter recéives the Investment for free.

5 Successes:

Ifthe character hasnot activated the No Mind or Harmony
With The All applications of the Internalize Discipline, the
difficulty of the roll increases by one, as the gravity of the
situation ad the actively disruptive influence of the Yama
King or his representative makes it difficult to negotiate. The
vampire may spend Willpower on this roll. While the player
should roll the dice (it's her character's soul, after all), she
should roll them out of sight — behind the Storyteller's screen
or with her eyes closed. If the character has an applicable
specialty, the Storyteller should feel free to tweak things in the


character's er, other than this, the player (and
character) should have no real idea how well she's done on the
negotiations until the end. The soul is not an easily quantifi-
ablécommodity, afterall Even when the negotiations are over,
the character knows only ifshe has lost some, all or none of her
soul. The character's exact Soul/poifititoral, unless it is "zero"
or "the same as when the negotiations started,"
to the Storyteller

is known only

i The Discipline of Internalize is of great Utility talakuma,
f not only because of its steadying effects, but because the Iron
(i Souhatt'can alsGibe used during negotiation. [ron Soul may be
) uséd oncesforeach Tnyestment on the character's request list)
upto the point where the character runs out of Willpower. The
Yama Kings encoutage this as well, since to their thinking it
tends tomake Kuei-jinioverconfident and teaches them to rely
on an unreliable ability.

‘Tht Cuajns or SLavery
Sooner or later, the akuma habituated to Soul Commerce

ij will go back to the/wellione too many times and lose his last
| Soul point. At that'point, possibly after a short delay during

The Sour oF THe Experjencen Acoma

A Kuei-jin who has previously engaged in

11 Commerce ane oneical certain just how

Ruchcthisgouliscdll hicawn When thevesne

the table, h

tive parties come to should prepare

his list of boons as normal on as formal

the list, adding up the total costs of the requested

idding

would push the character ove

Investments until nother Investment
maining Soul
point total. This Investment and all after it are

not subject to negotiation and should t
the Kuei-jin doc

cient assets to make the de

dropped
from the s not have suffi
l worthwhile ro the
Yama Kings
Many naive akuma believe that they can es
slavery by parceling their soul out between
several of the lords of Yomi, particularly herween

tivals. There are two flaws in this strategy. The

first is that the Yama Kings can sense the state of
the Kuei-jin's soul, and are unlikely to negotiate
for the remaining scraps of a Kuei-jin who is
la sroperty ofanarch-rival. The second prob
s thar tl uei-jin is signifi

# the Yama Kings to

lemis thar it presume

¢ant enough in the plans «

soul gained by a Yam 1K ing during negotiation are

subject to resale, and even the most fiercely op

posed Yomi lords transact a multitude of busines

deals in the fullness of time. Once a vampire has
i

lost his entire soul to the Yama Kings, it is only a

matter of time until the fragments of his soul are

all consolidated in or € d the akuma

stripped of his free will

The Thousand Heus

which the vampire's soul fragments make their way into the
hands of a single owner (short in immortal terms — it may be
as long as several mortal yeats), the vampire's'mastenassumes
control of her new property,

What this means forthe infernalist isthat his existence has
just gotten a lor. bleaker. Onidemand, the aki#mid@'must perform
the Rite of Renwinciation, either in his dfeams before thé Yama
King or before oneof the Yama King's Servants in the material,
world, After, hie has performed the/Rite of Renunciation and
been stripped of his Dharma, he is completely at the mercy of
his new master.

The Yama King orhér Servants may observe the akuma at
ahy time, and at their discretion, the Devil-eaten may be
destroyed, reducedst6 Consuming flesh tolgainithe Chi neces-
sary! to sustain his accursed existence or transformed into a
ravening chih-mei. Additionally, the Kuei-jin cannot disobey a
direét order from the YamaKing whose chattel he has become.
Upon performing the Rite of Rénunciation, most akuma are
generally ordered to preserve their own existence by any means
necessary, and prohibited from self-destruction or revealing
their Deyil-eatencondition. Most are — but not all. Some are
simply destroyéd.on the spot (usuallyover the course of several
hours) for the amusement of the master. Others are sent on
suicide missions, often after having been reduced to chih-mei
status. Somé unfortunates are taken to Yomi Wan to amuse
their owners more extensively, and these are perhaps the least
fortunate of all:

Those whom the ¥ama Kings do allow to retainetheir
sentience and selfvill ‘occasionally benefit:to a small
degree from their mew state. Many are given' multiple
Touch of the Yama King fayestments and ordered into
seclusion until they are needed to lead troupes of bakemona
or Otherwise serve as the soldiers of the Yomi lords. Cer-
tainly some of these akumagain a degree of satisfaction
from'their duties. Other akuma are kept in place as spies, or
painfully reshaped, provided with new identities and sent
to infiltrate the society of thé Wan Kuei. Many of these
Deyil-eaten aresometimesiable to pretend that their souls
‘are still their own, andethar they are not slaves to darkness.
Many Yama Kings encourage thissort of self-delusion,
eveniallowing their pawns tovthink that they have slipped
through the eracks and.been forgotten. Sometimes this is
the case—Hell's bookkeeping is not as efficient as it could
be. dn most c however, the Yama Kings simply Watthy
amused, as the akuma infiltrates the society ofthe Quincunx,
only to strip him of his new foster-family and associates
when the'time is right:

‘There are a few positive aspects to becoming one ofithe
Deyil-eaten. First, if the Yama Kings so deign, the Kueijin may,
be made able to feed on breath or blood as well as flesh. The
lesser akuma created by Soul Commerce are prohibited by theit
masters from feeding'by osmosis — this is reserved for the
exalted akuma created by the Pact of Ebony and ScarletJade.
Also, these Kuei-jin will never again €nter Shadow Soul,
While the P'o and its urges of hate and terror remain, it is
forever the subjugated toady and stool-pigeon of the Kuei-jin's
new masters. It may infotmeonethe vampire; but it never,
attempts to seize control Outside of the instinctuallurgesiof
Wave and Fire Soul. Akuma immediately gain the Merit:


Apprupjx: Acuma: Tie Devi.-Earen

The Rive of Renunciation
(Lever 3 Rite)

Rarely do Kuei-jin, evenakuma, learn thisritual.
Most who do learn of it wish they had not, asthey are
forced to go through its motions by the new owners
of their souls. Nevertheless, a few copies of it exist,
and itis possible to perform iton oneself, though one
must wonder why any Kuei-jin would wish to do so.

During the Rite of Renunciation, the vam
pire forswears the Road Back and instead accepts
the Road Downward. He swears his enmity to the
August Personage of Jade, renounces his Dharma
tenet by tenet, vows eternal opposition to the
Wan Xian and the other representatives of the
Celestial Bureaucracy, and gives himself wholly
to the Yama Kir

Generally, this rite is performed before the
Yama King or one of his representatives, who at the
climax physically and spiritually violate the Kuei
jin, tearing away the remaining scraps of enlighten
mentand free will and replacing it with his own will
As noted earlier in the book, the precise form this
spiritual rape takes can vary, but it is invariably
calculated to cause the Kuei-jin to realize thar his
body and soul are no longer his own.

A vampire who for some reason performs this
ritual on his own may or may not attract the atten-
tion ofa Yama King, Bane or other spirit. If she do
then at the climax of the ritual, she too is mad
soulless slave of the forces of darkness. If not, it's still
good for a Moment of Blindness — Heaven frowns

on the stupid

Demon Mentor (Kindred of the East, p. 94). Finallyjthe Kuei-
jin may be given new Investments at his master's discretion, if
his owner feels it will makehim more useful. While theselarter
ifivestments may diPiven Ail. to be stripped awavame the
discretion of thé Yama King and her minions, it may provide
the akuma with some small consolation to know that the
Investments that cost him his soul,at least, are forever his.

The Pact or Esony
AND ScarRLET jaDE

Not every akuma loses his soul by inches in an attempt to
come out ahead in commerce with thé princes of darkne
Some give:themselves wholly to evil in a blazing moment of
ultimate self-degradation. Their soulsJay beside, those of the
lesser akuma in the treasuries of the infernal masters, bound in
ornaments Ofjade, yet these self-styled greater akuma are the
darlings of their masters. Willing mamelukes and eunuch
ministers of the lords of Yomi Wan, these slave-princessin.

jeweled collars sérye as the administrators and legates of their
dark lords. Only well-known mandarins or the most promising

JNVESTHENTS OF SOUL

Investments of Soul are the favors that the Yama
Kings can give inexchange for snippets of acharacter's
soul. Many of them are rather powerful, though there
are few that the Kuei-jin would not develop on their
own, given time. In parentheses after the name of each
Investment is its cost in Soul points. Also included is
a brief description, side effects and sign.

The sudden influx of diabolical power implicit in
being given an Investment often causes negative ef-
fects on the character, and these negative effects (if
any) are detailed under "Side Effects." Sometimes the
side effects are temporary, caused by the Investment
but fading with time. Others recur each time the
Investment is invoked, and sometimes the effects are
permanent. This is specified in the individual Invest-
ment. Side effects are cumulative, and a vampire who
receives multiple Investments may be in no shape to be
seen publicly for quite some time thereafter.

Also, there ate often ways that an observant eye can
pick out the effects of hellish influence on a Kwei-jin.
Unless the vampire has the Mask of Yomi Investment, an
astute observer can determine most ofan akuma's Invest-
ments by simply watching. Those who are not already
exiles or renegades should put the Mask of Yomi Invest-
menthigh on their shopping list, so that they can conceal
their forbidden dealings from their peers.

Storytellers should feel free to create new Invest-
ments, should the ones listed below prove insufficient.

© The Mask of Yomi (10 points)

The character's Investments no longer exhibit
tell-tale signs. No amount of mind-probing, soul-sight
or truth-sensing can ascertain that the character is an
akuma or force her to betray her unrighteous activities.

Sign: None

Side Effect: The character no longer feels com-
fortable with herself. She is considered to be perma-
nently down one point of Willpower for all rolls,

© Black Whispers (10 points)

The spies of the Yama Kings are everywhere, and
what their akuma do not see and hear, their spirit
minions learn. A Kuei-jin who purchases this Invest-
ment is actually purchasing knowledge from the Yama
Kings. Each Investment covers a single fact and the
associated details. For example, the Kuei-jin might
learn details of an ancestor's life useful for blackmail
purposes, or the current location of an artifact, includ-
ing advice on circumventing the traps guarding it.
There are some things that even the Yama Kings do not
know, and other things they will not reveal. Storytellers
should us their discretion to limit the power of this
Investment, though remember that the character is
selling his soul for the information,

Sign: None
Side Effects: None


The

Thousany Meus
—— ee it

© The Ebon Fountain (10 points)

The character's P'o. is connected toa Wellspring of
demonic power. Once per night, the character may com-
pletely refresh her pool of Demon Chi.

Sign: Those who use Cultivation on the character's
P'o are likely ro notice its highly energetic state.

Side Effect: The difficulty for the character's Hun to
resist Fire, Wave or Shadow Soul rolls is increased by one
for the rest of the night after the character uses this
Investment,

* Luck of Yomi (6 points)

The Yama-kings alter the character's joss, and fortune
smiles upon the akwmaasa result. In the near future, he will
gain four dots to any Background or combination of Back-
grounds.

Sign: The luck that brings the character these Back-
grounds is often quite improbable, and tends to be character-
ized by the misfortune of others benefiting the character.

Side Effects: The character's joss. suffers in other
places to compensate for his good luck. Once per scene, the
Storyteller may negate a single success on one of his rolls,
usually a critical one. These side effects persist until the
Backgrounds manifest.

* The Savage Kiss (6 points)

The character's soul is subjected to the caresses of the
Mukade. The Kuei-jin may increase her P'o score by upto
five points, regardless of whether the resulting Hun + P'o
total exceeds the Virtue Pair Maximum for her level of
Dharmic progress, as listed on p. 54 of Kindred of the East.

Sign: The Kuei-jin's aura is shot through with fine
black veins.

Side Effect: The Kuei-jin suffers from the Flaw: Night
mares for a number of weeks equal to the number of points
he added tohis P'o, Vampires who already have Nightmares
are treated as having failed their Willpower roll for the
duration of the side effects.

* The Union of Oppositions (6 points)

The Yama Kings lay their hands upon the character,
and he is remade. The character can adjust the balance of
his permanent Chi Virtues to any degree desired. He can
also add up ro three points to his permanent Chi Virtue
total, even if this raises his permanent Chi Virtues above
the Virtue Pair Maximum for the character's level of
Dharmic enlightenment.

Sign: The character's aura glows with unnatural bright-
ness, almost but not quite to the point of being visible to
the unaided eye.

Side Effect: The character's corpse requires addi-
tional sustenance to adjust to its new state. The character
must burn an additional Chi point pernight (for 10 nights)
to sustain herself. This lasts for a number of weeks equal to
the sum of the number of points by which her permanent
Chi Virtues changed (so'shifting balance is more extreme
than simply adding points).

* The Iron Hands (6 points)

The character now moves with the might of the Yama
Kings behind her. She may add two points toan Attribute or

combination of Attributes, even if this causes hertoexceed the |
‘Trait Maximum for her level of Dharmic enlightenment.

Sign: When the character exceeds her previous limits,
itis patently obvious thar her additional ability comes from
an outside source: She may limit herself to her pre-increase
dice pool, but this self-limitation requires a Willpower roll
(difficulty 8) when she is performing a stressful task.

Side Effects: The character is disoriented by thesudden
change in her capabilities. For a number of weeks equal to
the largest number of points added to a single Attribute, she.
is at a +1 difficulty on all rolls involving the Attributes so.
increased.

* The Breath of Knowledge (6 points)

The Yama Kings whisper their knowledge into the
character's ears, and it burns in his brain like white-hot iron:
‘The character may add four points to any Ability or combi-
nation of Abilities, even if it increases the Ability or Abili-
ties past the Trait Maximum for the vampire's level of
Dharmic enlightenment.

Sign: A character familiar with the akuma's thoughts
who peers into her mind while she is using the artificial
Abilities may notice strange patterns, as the character
utilizes knowledge that is not properly her own.

Side Effect: The character's mind is addled from the
sudden addition of knowledge. Subtract one from her Social
Attributes fora number of weeks equal to the largestnumber
of points added to any single Ability.

© The Touch of the Yama Kings (5-6 points)

The touch of Yomi is upon the character. He gains a
Demon: Shintai characteristic in his normal mortal form
(which also carries over to his Demon Shintai form). If this
can be concealed, then the Investment costs six points, but
if it is blatantly obvious that the character has a demonic
trait, then the cost is only five points. Storytellers may also
choose to grant the character access to bakemono powers,
though discretion is advised (Berserker and Monstrous
Strength, for example, are right out).

Sign: Even if the characteristics are concealable, they
appearas distinctly unhealthy areas when viewed with Lifesight.

Side Effect: The character is made somewhat un- —
healthy by this power. His Stamina is decreased by one for
a month following his receipt of the Investment, and Yang-
imbalanced characters add one to the difficulty of theit
Stamina roll to resist disease for that period.

© Unfolding Scarlet Lotus (5 points)

‘The Banes whisper to the character the secrets of their
exalted state. The akuma may add one to the rating of a
single Discipline, even if this increases the Discipline's
rating above the Trait Maximum for the akuima's level of
Dharmic enlightenment.

Sign: When the character uses the altered Discipline)
his aura glows a brilliant black, regardless of whar level is
being used. ‘

Side Effect: The character loses a certain antount of self
perception' and self-confidence. For a number. of months"
equal to the number of times this Investment was taken, the
character cannot experience an Auspicious Momentand has
one added to his difficulty when resisting Wave Soul.


Aprryox: Acuna: The Devji-Earen

jina can hope to achieve this status, but for whatever reason,
many prospective akuma dwell in hope.

It requires a great deal of effort to become one of these
greater akuma, which might seem pat doxical. Given that by
definition, an akuma is T Cee in

Kuei-jin ever subjéet herself to sucha terrible fare? Sealy
will always be those of promise willing to suffer for that
they see as power Historically, m

enter the g

why shor

The €ourt system is juseas si
ae oe

rvice —. courts of the oe
lose and turn to the
in ages, the
months to
is, as the steps théRoad Back
Yama Kings
2 Kueijin lose their
inettia entirely, ey can rise no
higher intheirchosen Dharma, actively falling from
han lose the position their spiritual progress
these | -unfortunates choose to enter into the
e Yama
ie grace

alienated Over the cen!

ing

‘the enmity of all those subo:
of their existence.

Itis certainly easy

have the bravado
r all too aware of the
eir situation
ig Age. Man:
‘Situation arrive t th
ision to join ing side. Better@slave thai
rf o many voices raised in doubt
itiments as there once were.

uls in what are

wi proxies or

jore personal

, there is no

uei-jin prom-

erit the personal attention of

offers with one or
fo, choose

. By doing so, they avoid the disgrace

113

THe Pact cr Ezony Anp Scarier
jane (Lever 4 Rite)

tu

Dharmic pact and some e}
"other side" . naincagpe
When

to walk.

seri jiberation. These are not disciples and

scrabbling for scraps of power: The Kuei-jin wh

greater akuma are warrior-scholars, sages wise beyo:
the proud remnants of the Wan Xian. When

fall, they do so with grave certainty.

have former friends on
uous sort of contact.

a.
ae n educate the!

contacting:
serve. Over

reeks or vomit Se the eta with Banes, arte:
ie akuma serving a go-betweens, The various Treat-
yand Investments to =~ the specific details of

en and how the vs ill make the passage into Yomi,

and any torrie cone ‘they wish to extract are all haggled
one a lave agreed to an exact final draft of the
contract,
Then

vants are pa
be tak
his lif

jin makes his preparations to depart. Ser-
sition of valued objects that will not
for, and the vampire generally puts

is a traditional sign of impe

the Yama Kings, and it is grave enough to send his fellows into


114

mourning, provoke them to murder to save the honor of the wu
orset them to scrambling for cover from the political battle sure
to erupt after the Kuei-jin's departure for Yomi becomes widely
kri6wn! Obviously, many Kuei-jin eschew this telegraphing of
their attentions, but traditionalists, romantics, those with a
deep love for their wu-mates and@ithos@with a wish for Final
Death often do so.

Finally, the Kuei-jin departs, taking with hiiisuch loyal
servants and possessions that he cannot bear to part with. It is
generally considered poor form to take students, dhampyrs or
fellow' Kuet-jin!to Yomi, but it happens from time to time.
Mortal servants, lovers, pets and others do often make the trip
however.

The Macc oF a Minster oF He

After the Kuei-jin descends into Yomi, she is met by an
escort of lesser and greaterakuma as well as by other evil spirits.
The escort is present partly to serve as an honor guard and|
protection against the dangers of Yomi, and partly to prevent
any last-minute backing out on the deal. The Kuei-jin eventu-
ally comes into the presence of the Yama King himself, where
the contract she has been carryingiissigined by both parties and
the Pact of Ebony.and Scatlet Jade is performed.

The Kuei-jin's retinue'and goods, if any, are then set up in
apartments in the Yama King's palace, a pavilion in a militaity,
encampment/or whatever other plush:aécommodations ate
suitable,to the chattels of one of the master's favorédislaves.
The vampire is taken to the places where teachingand torment
become one, and subjected to the Treatments she' has bar-
gained for. Almost all survive, but few return as the creatures
that their entourages brought to Yomi. Reshaped by thevalti?
mate torments, these newborn diabolical nobles' are often,
vastly different from their former selves. Some' immédiately
devour their companions and destréy their memories of life
among the Wan Kuei. Others, more disturbingly, do not;\but
instead live among,them in ease, a poisonous snake among the
flowers of the Middle Kingdom's sunlit fields.

Because all of the:information néééssarynto take up a role
in Yomi Wan has been seared into their minds, the akumapick
subordinates andiimmediately enter their new roles as junior
ministers and lieuténantgenerals to the Yama Kings. While
they are the nobility of Yomi Wan, the akuma must still prove
themselves in the world of plots andwidlence that surrounds
the throne of each Yama King: Though they may dress in tobes
of green jade and pearls, they nevertheless vie with theirféllow
Devil-eaten for favor. Each is constantly alettiforaichance to
better himself and his master's position, anidif thisisdone at the
expense of a rival, so much the Berer..

The Powers or THe Greater Acuna

The akuma is remade by the Pact of Ebony and/Scarlet
Jade. Each has the following abilities.

* NoP'o— The Kuei-jin who undergoes the Pact achieves
dark apotheosis. Her Hun and P'o are foreVerfused. Though the
result dramatically favors the P'o, some harmony is achieved.
Sometimes this means the akuma's personality changes dramati?
cally, and sometimes she is virtually indistinguishable from the
Kuei-jin she once was. Regardless, her inner war is now over,
The vampire has a base of 10 Demon Chi, which may rise due

The Thousayp Hes

to Treatments. The akuma cannot enter Fire, Wave or Shadow
Soul, nor does the Cultivation Discipline function on her.

* Increased Chi Virtue Pair Maximum — Afiigkuma is
stripped of his old Chi Virtues and has 14 poifit8ito distribute
between his permanent Yin and Yang however he wishes. He
is still subject #6 the effect of permanent®@hiyimbalance,
however, just as if he were a Kuei-jin.

* Increased Trait Maximums — An akuma may increase
a Trait as high'as seven. Traits highérthan seven at the time of
the Pact aré retained, but Traits cannot be increased higher
than seven without Treatments or Investments after the akuma
undergoes the Pact of Rbony and Scarlet Jade.

* Increased Chi Capacity —An akuma may contain as
many,as30 pointsof both Yin and Yang Chis She may spend up
to three Chi points per turn.

Flexible Feeding —The akuma may feed on flesh, blood,
breath or by osmosiss Whilein Yomi, the akuma may feed freely
from, thevambient Chi. Howeverjimany greater akuma enjoy
wounding the Tapestry byrefilling themselves from the ambi-
ent Chi of the Middle Kingdom.

* No Longer Subject to Obligation — The akuima is no
longergovernéd under the mandate ofthe Ten Thousand Immor-
tals. He cannot be subjected to the Obligation Discipline.

* No Little Death — If the akuma is slain in the Middle
Kingdom, her body blows into fine ash and her spirit flees to
Yomiito'stand bef6re her master and explain her failure. Unless
her owner chooses to destroy her for her failure, the akuma is
then clothed in flesh once again. Thé only way an akuma can
die the Final Death is farher tébbedestroyed in Yomi or entirely
by aggravated damage:

*.No Free Will — The akwma is asoulless husk, a slave to
dark powers. While his masters allow him a great deal of
freedom, he is still a bird in a gilded cage. If ordered:to destroy
himself or a wu-mate, the aktéma will do so without hesitation.
Tfhis master so chooses, she may transform the akuma into a
mindless chih-mei with but a gesture, or rendefhim unable to
feed from anything other thati flesh. Additionally, the akuma
is forever rendered unclean, and will never complete the Road
Back. He has failed in his Dharmic journey and forsworm the:
finalchance:that Heaven saw fit-toigtanehim.

Sour TREATMENTS

Each greater aka is subject to certain trainingand
reshaping process¢s called Treatments. Each:of these Treat-
ments is a special combination of searing knowledge into the
Devil-eaten's brain, brutabtraining and the literal reshaping of
the akiéma's soul, all under the Yama King's personal direction
The Treatments listed are common examples, but each' Yama
King develops individual tastes on'the matter and varies them!
slightly.

Each Treatmenpybias a listed cost. Each akuma has an
Endurance equal £6 his*Willpower or Dharma rating,upon'
making the Pact of Ebony and Scarlet Jade (whichever/was
lower). Each Treatment the akuma undergoes permanently
subtracts its cost from his Endurance. If the Treatment would
drive the akuma's Endurance belowzéto, itdestroys the akuma's
body, mind orsoul. Unlessotherwise specified, each Treatment
can only be undergone once. To take the same Treatment


ee

2

Aprenpix: Acuna: Tue Devii-Earen

jNFERNALISM AMONG THE SHEN

Kuei-jin are not alone in offering themselves to
the Yama Kings as willing slaves. The hsien also offer
themselves upasthralls to Yomi. While these Kura Sau

(as infernalists are called by the Household ( have
a different structure than th wma of the Wan Kuei,
their Okuma leaders can be adequately represented by
these rules for use in Kindred of the East. Storytellers
using Land of Eight Million Dreams should use these
5 guidelines for designing powerful Kura Sau, and
otherwise treat them as normal Shinma. One of the
Kura Sau's main advantages is that she need not
k the black apotheosis of
Hae Tao (called the Blood-Jade Dagger) that a normal

maintain her balance t

Shinma must have to seek the Jade Key
While the specifics of Hac Tao are left up to the
Storyteller, its effects should be at le
larto Nei Tan. Otherwit iwithouran effect
similar to Axis of Time are goir ¢ in poor shape
the first time they come upon a warlike hanumen
Hengeyokai who wi
the Yama Kings are rate
the Ebon Maze and enter the direet service of the
Centipede, a vast force of elemental evil that lays
beneath (and n rehind) th 1s of
Yomi Wan. Some. fealty to indi
vidual Yama Kings. Hengeyokai Storytellers may use
eak Legion and Book of the Wyrm to model the
who often serve as generals in the
armies of the Yama Kings.
Alternately, the Storyteller may subject them to
the Treatments detailed below, suitably alrer
use on hengeyokai. As a rule, heng: t ter

f the Yama Kings are unlikely to retain

the service
their Gifts of Gnosis. Unlike the Centipede, the
Yama Kings are not in ly linked with rhe natu
ral order, and their wretched Bete slaves are likewise
cut off from the nan der. T for this
Jeficiency, the Yama Kin, ¢ the hengeyokai's
natural vulnerabilities and load them down with
Gifts. These range from Talismans and fomor Gitts to
Treatments and inaj 1s talents best modeled by
the use of Kuei-jin Discip!

Mages who fall to the blandishments of the Yama
Kings are Nephandi with exotic masters. Nephandi
ire well-detailed in the Mage supplement Book of

Iness. Fallen Lightning Pe are among the

favorite servants of the Yama Kings, who put their

power over reality to twisted use as court magicians
ind spymasters. Namebreakers who pledge their souls
to the lords of Yomi Wan may be subjected to Treat
ments, but most are far too frail to survive the training
that the 1 ient Kuei-jin and hengeyoki en

en standard

again lowers the akuma's Endurance, but does not provide any
benefits.

Cason Tiger-General TREATMENT
(Cosr 3)

The Treatment given by the Yama Kings to their front-
line generals and all-out warriors, the Crimson Tiger-General
Treatment fills the akuma with the energy of the Yomi World,
forces her to endure exposure to fire and sunlight and drives her
to manifest.che demon witht Akiam@who have endured the
Crimson Tiger-General Treatment rarely look remotely hu-
man, even outside of Demon Shintai form,

Grants:

Four points to distribute between Strength and Stamina

Four points to distribute between Melee and Brawl

Fout additional Demon Shintai Characteristics as per the
Investment The Touch of the Yama Kings (not concealableé),

Three additionabileyels to distribute between Demon

Shintai and Black Wind
Gracerur Reeo Ange: Treatment (cost 3)

A technique taught £0 assassins and the commanders of
extraordinary forces, the Graceful Reed Angel Treatment
binds the akuma/in white-hor iron frames and forces him
through the katas of the Chifpranas until he develops the soft
grace of bending reedsiin a ising storm wind. Those who have
been subjected to this Treatment move with an unmistakable,
unhésitating grace that is as beautiful as it is syntheties

Grants:

Four points to distribute between Dexterity and Wits

Four points to distribute between Athletics and Martial Arts

Two additional Demon Shintai characteristics) as per the
Investment The Touch of the YamaiKings, conéealable.

Fouradditional levels ro distribute between Yin Prana and
Yang Prana — the akuma must fulfill the statistic minimums to
increase their Discipline.to a given level.

Pear. Teer# AND Amper Eves TreatHenr
{Cosr 2)

The akuma's form is reshaped by the finest flesh-sculptors,
and the lessons of proper behavior and charm seared into,his
themory as héstudies courtly graces under the direct tutelage of
a Yama King. Depending on the whim of the akuma's infernal
master, he may be made beautiful but retain his original
appearance, or have his body.completely reshaped by the artist/
butchers of Yomi, even to thé point of gender reassignment and
gross Changes of height and frame. This Treatment may be
taken more than once.

Grants:

Four points todistribute between Charisma and Appearance

Eight, points t6 distribute among Empathy, Expression
and Etiquette

Beanrjcauy Entjgurencp Toror TReatMenr
(Cosr 3)

Through this Treatment, the akuma is enlightened. The
truth of the universe is revealed to her over the course of mere

months, often during the application of other Treatments. Of
all the Treatments involving the character's forced enlighten-
ment, thisis generally the one most detrimental to the character's
ability to‘relate to other beings in a "normal" fashion — many
akuma undergoing the Treatment are made to adopt the points
of view of multiple spiritual beitigs"atjonce, and few ever
recover entirely from the experience.

Grants:

Four points to distribute between Perception and Intelligence

Six points to distribute among Occult, Rituals and Portents

Pour additional levels to distribute between Chi'iti Muh
and Internalize

Sajur oF THE Gopsopy TreatHenT
(Cosr 3)

The akuma's master awakens him to every particle of his
undead body, then floods the corpse with synthetic yugen,
brewed in the bodies of human bodhisattvas seized by the Yama
Kings and forcibly prevented from passing on to their next
incarnation as Buddhas. The akuma's corpse explodes in a
frenzy of activity from this unaccustomed energy, often filling
several hundred cubic metess/at the heightiof the Treatment.
After several weeks of intense awareness of its'state, the akuma
is made to "pull himself together." Most survive, some do not
— this is the most dangerous of the Treatments in general use.
Most Saints of the Godbody do not ever reassemble'their.form
quite properly, usually transposing at least two elements. This
in no way impairs the akuma. Kuei-jin who have transposed
Flesh and Jade, forexample, are often mistaken for members of
the Immortal Guard, while those who have transposed Blood.
for Bone are simply grotesque, particularly when they,have also
been subjected to the Pearl Teeth and Amber Eyes Treaumient

Grants:

Eight points to distribute among the Shintai, exéluding
Demon Shintai-

Aarrur Crocrwork Pryce TreaTHenr
(Cosr 4)

Devised and used almostentitely by Mikaboshi, the Yama
King of the Wicked City, this Treatment improves the charac-
ter via the addition of cybernetics and eleétronié'@nhance-
ments. The sciences which power these devices would not be
familiar to human scientists, however, and have much more to
do with the prodigies ofthe Five Metal Dragons than with
actual technology. While the character's bodysissmade faster
and stronger though the addition of prosthetic limbs and
electronic ganglia, his brain is wired for the ruthless business
politics of the Wicked City. Mikaboshi is said to lease aktema
subjected to this Treatment to the shadowy Western firm
known as Pentex, commanding outrageous ‘sums for their
services as analysts and consultants.

Grants:

Eye of the Electric Dragon — An elettronic thirdeye, the
Eye of the Electric Dragon acts as Rasa (Chi'iu Muh") and Chi
Sight (Chi'iu Muh ¢ #) free of cost, as well as allowing the akiana'
to sec through any security camera in the Wicked City and
granting him remote access to any of the hell's many thousands of
data systems, even when he himself is outside the Yomi World,

Thovusaup Hrus

Five points to distribute among Strength, Dexteriry,
and Wits

Eight points to distribute among Computer, Finance, Law
and Leadership

Seven Wispoms Mpyster TREATHENT
(Cosr 2)

Used as a secondary Treatment for many akuma and given
again and again to those who. will'sit at the Yama King's right
hand, this Treatment enhancesithe akuma's brain and fills the
newly created capacity with information on the behavior and
laws of both humanis/and shen alike. Akumawho have been
exposed tothis Treacment multiple times often communicate
with, oie anothérin special languages they devise and modify
on the flys

Grants:

Four points to distribute»berween Intelligence and Ma-
nipulation

Bight points to distribute among Investigation, Law and
Politics and Subterfuge

LEGENDS OF THE
DEVjL-EATEN

Even among the august ranks of the greater akuma, there
are some who break unbreakable stereotypes or otherwise defy
the traditions of the Thousand Hells in a noteworthy fashion.
Below are some of the most notorious of these akuma, though
of course each recipient of the Pact of Ebony and Scarlet Jade
is. alunique being.

The Brack Aajmar Generais

Perhaps the only freelanée greater aktma in existence) the
Black Animal Generals have stood as mockeries of their oppo-
site numbers in the Celestial Bureaucracy for Centuries now.
Composed of a hanumen in the service of the Kura Sau, a Khan
who trod the Ebon Maze before the Manchu dynasty was
founded and a Kuei-jin akuma whose Demon Shintai form is:
thatof a greapblack minotaur, the Black'Animal Generals have
fought for and againseeach ofthe lords of Yomi Wan over the
centuries since their appearance. Though they will march under
the banner of any Yama'King who can provide them with Chi
and payment, they' prefer to fight against thesforces of the
Celestial Bureaucracy and the Wan Kuei rather than in the
Yomi World'sendless civil wars. None know where the spirits of
the Black Animal Generals fly when'their physical bodies are
destroyed, but they have returned time and time againyto do
battle, If rumor is true, the Black Animal Generals do nop
currently serve a Yama King at all, but are said to march at the
head of bodyguard of the'Kura Sau Okuma Hei Ti, the "Black
Emperor of the Kura Sau." Certainlythey have not been seen
lately by anyone willing to speak about'the experience.

Tasnoro Hanxo

One of the greatestgenerals of the wjino Bishamon, Tashimoto
Hanko was a Devil-Tiger wartidr Who was instrumental in the
successful defense of the Azure Dragon Court from invading


Aprrunix: Acuna: The Devi-Earen

Korean and Chinese Kuei-jin after the invasion of 1274. Said to
be of unearthly cunning and possessed of strength beyond even
the mightiest of the Guan Ren, Tashimoto was worshipped by his
troops. Yet after the invaders were successfully thrown back and

| the kamikaze destroyed the second invasion fleéyTashimoto was
accused of Lesser Comifnerce with the Yama Kings by one of his
fellow Devil-TigetS, the yojimbo of Clan Bishamon's daimyo.

| Hanko fled rather than stand trial, and it was only after much
investigation that it was ascertained that Hanko had not only
been engaging itt Lesser Commerce, buthad in fact accepted the
Pact of Ebony and Scarlet Jade several years before the inyasion

; of Japan, Indeed, training in Yomi was atleast partially fespon-
sible for his great prowess.

Yet this WasnotT ashimoto's greatest trick. Several. penis
‘after hisiflight to the court of his patton. :
Emma-o, the islaid ofjapan seemed to
‘tum upside down. Kumoandbakemono_4
walked openlyfduring the daytimé,
black'iagicians were found murdered
lat, crossroads with the marks of the
shikorfizon thein, and packs of Hakken
known tolhaye walked the Ebon Mazé
Were seen seafchingiacross the coun-
trysidé, After Weeks Of,turmoil, two
Kumo Who knew the parposes of this

jseemingly pointless activity Were.cap-

tiired, and they revealed aStory tnique!
in théJannals of the Yomi! World.
Tashimoto, With the assistance Of @
number of shemincluding a powerful
Dragon Wizard, Riad stormed the gates
of Emmia-0's treasury, seized the goldand
jade-vase which contained his soul, and
then fled'along the Ebon Road toward
Japan. Emma-® was furiou,and would
stop at nothing to recaptiire Tashimoto,
Hanko and jhis agcomplices.

Yetgthough the servants of ©
Emfita-o combed the entirety of Ja- "
pat (and much of China and Korea as
well), they never located Tashimoto Hanko. For six centuries)
‘now, Tashimoto Hanko-hasgone without being seeh or heard
from, and despite thefact that Emma-o offers a massivereward
for information that even hintsathis location, his whereabouts
have never come to light It is as if héhadsteppedolf the edge
Of the world.

W7

Mirjam WeaTuersce
Miriam Weatherbee is well-known in the Thousand Hells, and
throughout much of the Middle Kingdom, as the only Kin-jin akuma
known to be in the service of the Yama Kings. A Clan Toreador
dilettante and amateur occultist, Weatherbee was several hundred
years into herunlife when she came to Hong Kongsearchingafter the
forbidden lore of the East in the early 1900s. Already of questionable
moral character (there were rumors that her departure from Europe
was more likely a flight.to escape prosecution), Miriam quickly fell in
with Hong Koiig's underworld of the occult
Shefeame to associate particularly closely with a group of
pennayigallan who took her in as one of their own, thitistcausing much
scandal in the city's Cainite community (and-no small amotnt of
speculation that Ms. Weatherbee Was
nota Toreador at all, but a member af}
another clan well-known for its
beauty). When the pennangallan were'
found to be infernalists, they fled the
}. cityand Miriam Weatherbee fled with
them, She dropped out of sight for
@ severalidecades, and was seen again in
fz | the Hlesh Court not long afterward, at
 whichtime she diablerizeda Tremere in,
£ Shanghai and made off witht his
thauimaturgical texts. During the Kine
dred investigation that followed, it be
came clear that both factions of logal
Kuei-jin were looking for her as well /A
brief (almost comical) pause inthe three-
way hostilities ensued as the various sides
compared notes and determined that they
had all been had by a devoted infemalist
and shapechanger of the firstrate.
Since then, Mifiam has turned
up.now and again, perpetrating her
«fraud on the young and naive afmong
© the Kuei-jin who have neyetheard of
: her and take henfor an ignorant Kine
©)"9" jin®Most informed Kuei-jin suspect her
allegiance fies with Ravana, but there's
teally.no way of knowing. What is well-known is that she is
probably thejgreatest aksona directly active im the affairs ofthe
Middle Kingdomtat this time, and that recently Sas far asafhyone
is able to tell — her attention seems to be narrowing down and
fodiising on India.