# File: The Succubus Club.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


OF Life Devoured


SuccusBus CLUB

Credits:

Written by: Andrew Greenberg (Club
Information, Fundamental Differences), Graeme
Davis (Annabelle's Party), Bill Bridges (Player
of Pawns), Lisa Stevens (Death's Sweet Sting),
Nigel Findley (Paper Chase), Steve Crow
(Grand Elusions)

Concepts: Josh Timbrook, Mark ReinsHagen,
Andrew Greenberg

Development: Mark ReinsHagen, Andrew
Greenberg

Editing: Andrew Greenberg

Production: Sam Chupp, Josh Timbrook
Layout: Sam Chupp

Cartography: Eric Hotz

Cover: Clark Mitchel

Chapter Full Page Art: Janet Aulisio

Art: Janet Aulisio, Josh Timbrook, Craig
Cartwright, Dave Miller, Gail Van Voorhis, Bill
Bridges, John Cobb, Tony Santo

Vampire: The Masquerade™ was created by
Mark ReineHagen

The Succubus Club, Vampire, Ashes to Ashes, Blood
Bond, Chicago By Night, Forged in Steel, WHITE WOLF
Magazine, Ars Magica, Werewolf, Faerie, Ghost, Magus
and White Wolf are all trademarks and copyrights of
White Wolf. All material printed in these pages is the
exclusive property of White Wolf unless prior
arrangements have been made with the author/artist. None
of the material may be reproduced in whole or in part
without prior written permission from the publisher.

Special Thanks to:
Mark "Muscles" ReinsHagen, for his sincere love of the

gym.

Stewart "I have your soul" Wieck, for knowing how to
really keep people in line.

Andrew "Amateur Astronomer" Greenberg, for
dragging Mark out to see the meteor shower — on a
cloudy night.

Josh " Virgin Blood" Timbrook, for showing us how the
teal Blood Dolls do it.

Sam "Tarot Card" Chupp, for not relying on his friends
to make his own bad decisions.

Wes "Onion Blossom" Harris, for never failing to be
unique.

Travis "I won, I won!!!" Williams, for displaying more
patience than anyone though possible.

Chris "Peon senior" McDonough, for his raconteuring
skills (and lack thereof).

Ann "Maui Wowee" McDonough, for taking Chris off
the market (finally!).

Clark "No-name " Mitchell, for not killing us after we
forgot to credit him in Chicago by Night for that stunning
cover.

Ken "Mask of Midnight" Cliffe, for vetoing our earlier
(and better) thanks to him.

Special, Special Thanks to:

The original members of the Succubus Club: Josh
Timbrook, Chris McDonough, Brenda Stiles, John
Brandt, Nicole Lindroos, Mark ReinsHagen, Stewart
Wieck, Andrew Greenberg, Lisa Stevens, Ann
McDonough, Seth Tepher, Stephan Wieck, Kelly
Golden

Dedication: This supplement is dedicated to
Frank Zappa. Don't let the Central Scrutinizer

get you.


"Is ita party in the parlour?
Cramm'd just as they on earth were
cramm' d—

Some sipping punch, some sipping tea,
But, as you by their faces see,

All silent and all damn'd!"

— William Wordsworth


The darkness covers every recess, never
yielding

The music throbs, filling every silence.

The dancers move with wild abandon,
orgasmic in their madnes:

The caress of this passion is overpowering, and
the smell of blood pervades every empty space,
smothering those who thought themselves past life.
The energy of these mortals brings an intensity to
this place, for they are the source and outlet of its
animating spirit. This vitality can be felt by all who
venture here, and is given and taken freely.

This is a place of Life.

This is the Succubus Club, the fabled haven of
dreams and the forgotten haunt of nightmares. The
sinister desires of Kindred and kine alike are
revealed here — desire consumed and lust
consummated. Anything can be had in this place,
the price but a formality.

This is a place of Death.

Succubus is not merely a place. She is a
creature, a nightmare spirit who sucks in her
victims, attracting them with her beauty and charm
and spitting out only monsters like herself. She is
beautiful and bewitching, hungry and deadly, the
very incarnation of desire. She consumes all she
touches.

Do not enter her song, do not join with her in
the dark. For she takes those who accept her touch,
departs with them and never shall they be mortal
again.

But for those who have already departed that
life, she can take nothing. The Succubus then
becomes a place to feed, not only for the Vitae they
so badly require, but for the source of life which
they no longer possess. She becomes a vessel
which can fill them full of the vitality which their
own twisted existence cannot supply itself. She
becomes a vessel for all their needs.
is a place of life — of life devoured.



TABLE OF CONTENTS

Introduction 6
Succubus
History
Layout
Reality
Elysium
The Penthouse
Brennon' s Suite
Catwalks and Rafters
The Labyrinth
Helena's Vault
Club Defenses
Kine Relations
Kine Patrons
Kindred Patrons
Cast of Characters

Annabelle's Party

Player of Pawns

Fundamental Differences
Death's Sweet Sting
Child's Play

Paper Chase

Grand Elusion


Incrroduction

"We're nightclubbing
We walk like a ghost

We learn dances
Brand new dances

Like the nuclear bomb"
Iggy Pop, "Nightclubbing"

Inaclub cloaked by perpetual night, Kindred from every
clan meet amidst the maddening frenzy of the most modem
music, feeling their blood pulse with its rhythm, Here,
mingling with hordes of the most sophisticated and deranged
kine, surrounded by passions almost forgotten by the im-
mortals, the Undead come to life.

As the stories included in this supplement show, the
Succubus Club can play host to a wide variety of tales. First
and primarily a social setting, characters can meet any kind
of Kindred or kine within its confines. Since the club
functions as a place where Vampires can let down their
guard a little and live the sort of life they most dream of,
characters also have the opportunity to meet their counter-
parts in a more relaxed setting. While the Elysium serves a
similar purpose, its very nature forces Kindred to play the
Masquerade even harder. In the nightclub, however, they
can let their true selves be seen. Additionally, the Succubus
Club holds more of an attraction for young Licks of the
modem era than does the Elysium, a seeming relic of a
bygone era.

Obviously, however, the club provides more than just
social opportunities. It gives Kindred the opportunity to
show off among the Canaille without fear of being labeled
Vampires. They can dance with wild abandon, feed at will
and enjoy themselves to the utmost, knowing they do noth-
ing the mortals around them do not. After all, what Blood
Doll, who has shared blood with dozens of her own kind,
would think it odd a character wanted to drink hers.

Finally, the club itself has gained a deserved reputation
for being a place of plots and schemes. The club had its
origins in some of the earliest playtesting for Vampire.
Originally part of a character's Resources, it served as nexus
point from which different stories sprang, as well as the site
for Vampiric debauches of legendary proportions. While

the club had little physical existence aside from a rough
sketch on acocktail napkin, it became one of the primary and
mostenjoyable settings forthe first Vampire Chronicle. Plots
and schemes of all kinds first saw light in the dark recess's
of the nightclub, and Anarch characters found its confines an
especially inviting locale.

For your own chronicle, the characters could come to the
club for any of these reasons. They can meet there on a
regular basis or be there at the same time purely out of
coincidence. They can have come to feed, to scheme or plot,
to meet allies or enemies, or just to dance. On top of these
rationals for being at the club, Brennon would not object to
having other Kindred in his hire, and may offer those
characters on his good side the chance to work here.

We strongly suggest that this supplement be used with
Chicago by Night, but there isno reason you could not move
the club to any other city. If you do not have access to
Chicago by Night or your stories revolve around a different
city, just change the names and the characters' statistics to
what you desire. None of the included scenarios must be run
in Chicago and with just a little work they can be run
anywhere from Albuquerque to Walla Walla. The only
geographic constant is the Succubus Club itself.

The Succubus Club does not actually exist, of course. If
you visited Chicago you would find no mention of it in the
travel books and no taxi driver would know how to take you
toit. There are clubs much like it in most of the major cities
of the world, however. It's very nature makes it a very
popular place to be seen at indeed.

If you are not going to be the Storyteller for your troupe,
please stop reading now. To read further would severely
lessen the challenge and enjoyment you and your fellow-
players can derive from this supplement.

Club Introduction 7

SUCCUBUS

Every city has one nightclub where the "in" people go.
Usually it remains the place to be only for only a short time
before the ever-fickle crowds move on to yet another estab-
lishment. For a number of years, however, the Succubus
Club in Chicago has avoided this fate. As popular now as
when it opened in 1982, the club attracts a wide variety of
patrons to its mammoth dance floor and labyrinthine base-
ment concert hall, These patrons in turn attract the ever-
hungry Undead.

The ancient brick warehouse looms over State Street like
abrooding titan, projecting an image of solidity and stability
which belies the madness within. A sense of the Succubus
Club's true nature begins with a look at the hordes of people
outside, all struggling and battling to be let in. Two hulking
bouncers stand guard at the double doors, more on the look
out for the unstylish than the underage. Among the people
cajoling, threatening and even begging for a chance to get
inside are punks, gangstas, Yuppies, Blood Dolls, bikers,
executives, college students and middle-aged music lovers,
They mill around the front of the club, stand in lines which
usually stretch down the block and tie up traffic all along the
road, The bouncers maintain a strict yet unwritten entrance
policy which stresses style more than anything else. A 17-
year-old, properly dressed, has a better chance of getting in
than does a successful 30-year-old yuppie in a leisure suit.

The parking lot sorely lacks enough spaces to meet the
demand, so cars circling the block on the hunt fora space bog,
down with the taxis, buses and thru traffic. From 9 p.m. to
2 a.m. on weekends, average speeds rarely exceed 5 mph.
While nowhere near as crowded on weeknights, the club still
manages to draw on alarge regularclientele. When open, the
Succubus Club is never empty.

These regulars provide the club with the cash flow it
requires to stay operating, while the weekend rush gives it its
substantial operating profit. The regulars, primarily Blood
Dolls and trendy Yuppies, remain primarily on the club's
ground floor, They only venture into the infamous basement
labyrinth on those rare occasions when they seek more
dangerous thrills,

History

The building which houses the Succubus Club has an odd
reputation among city historians. It is notable as the first
four-story warehouse in Chicago, each floor serviced by a
special pulley-and-crane system in the rear of the building.
Constructed just prior to the Civil War, it provided storage
for everything from ammunition to wool. Despite its prime
downtown location, and its miraculous survival during the
Great Fire (for some strange reason an entire company of
Chicago's over-worked fire department concentrated its

efforts there), the brick building went through a string of
owners. Some died mysteriously and others would sell
without reason, taking far less than the property was worth.
Workers in the warehouse reported innumerable unnerving
experiences and exterminators never could get rid of all the
bats,

In the early 1900s, in the era of prohibition, the building
passed into the control of one of Chicago's many criminal
families, to whom it provided a safe place to keep illicit
merchandise and as a hideout from the police. Some
historians believe it eventually came under the control of
mob boss Al Capone, and rumors abound that this is the
located of his fabled vault. Nevertheless, during this period
police records show that they never raided the building, nor
has any evidence surfaced to show that anyone connected
with the building was ever arrested in connection with the
illegal liquor trade.

Following the end of Prohibition the warehouse stood
empty for anumber of years and city records remain unclear
as to just who owned it during this time. At one point federal
agents were planning to seize it for unpaid taxes, but then a
Chicago lawyer thought to be unconnected to it paid off the
back taxes, This Ballard, Anderson & Baitman partner made
substantial profits on the warehouse during World War II,
but sold the building to his law firm in 1950. The law firm
has leased out the location ever since.

In the early 1960s, as the surrounding area became filled
with commercial enterprises, many industries and ware-
houses left the area. The owners of many of the old buildings
transformed them for new uses, such as storefronts, office
space and restaurants. When the owners tried to turn this
building intoarestaurantnamed Stonewalls, however, things
just did not work out. Whether it was the constant presence
of rats or the odd folk who showed up to just sit there, never
taking a bite of food, most people found the place too
disconcerting to enjoy the fine food.

After several years of declining business, a new business-
man leased the space and turned the building into one of the
city's first rock ‘n' roll clubs. The Atomic Cafe thrived for
the next 10 years, bringing to town some of the eras best acts,
from the Four Tops to the Doors. It closed its doors in 1973
due to the death of the owner, and Stardust, a dance club,
took its place.

Stardust must have been blessed because it took off with
the rise of disco. For the latter part of the 70s, Chicago's
dancers favored this nightclub over all others. Rumors of
assaults, disappearances and even murders taking place on
its premises did little to diminish its popularity, and only the
final, blessed death of disco drove Stardust to its grave.

The building stayed closed for almost a year this time.
During that period a new owner took over and renovated the
building from top to bottom. Most of the upper floors were
taken out, leaving only the wooden rafters and beams on

8 Succubus Club

which they oncerested. Indeed, the dance floor and the main
bar remain the only parts of Stardust still recognizable. The
new owner, a mysterious Colombian rumored to have con-
nections to the underworld, had the dank basement dramati-
cally refurbished and expanded, added a stage and maze to
this lower level, installed an opulent top-floor club and
smashed the giant disco ball. On May 23, 1982, amid
controversy over the deaths of several basement construc-
tion workers, Brennon Thornhill opened the doors to the
Succubus Club.

The new nightclub became an immediate hit. All of
Chicago's club goers made the converted warehouse a
regular part of their nightly agenda. Few expected this
popularity to last for more than a year, but for some reason
it continues to this day. Brennon has partially remodeled it
twice already, not content to allow anyone to grow tired of
it

Partof the reason for the club's continued success, as well
as the reason for much of the weird events which occur here,
is the ongoing Jyhad between the ancient Methuselahs
Helena (now masquerading as the neonate Portia) and Menele.
The ground the Succubus Club now occupies has served as
Helena's resting place for generations while she lay in
torpor. When the city sprang up around it, she and her ghoul
lover Prias ensured her continued solitude by manipulating
both the builders and later owners of the building con-
structed over her.

Prias' continued interest in the site, though he tried to
keep it inconspicuous, attracted Menele's attention. While
the ancient Brujah has never been sure that this really is the
haven of his archenemy, he has still repeatedly probed the
area to see what reaction he can get. Menele even had one of
his most valued minions, the Toreador clan leader Annabelle
Triabell, work her way into Brennon's confidence and make
the club one of her main feeding grounds.

Layout

The layout of Succubus Club is not terribly unique to
nightclubs, which have become more and more exotic and
extravagant in recent years. As large as the most famous of
clubs in Los Angeles and New York, it has established a
reputation as one of the most unique of the "megaclubs." In
terms of size alone the Succubus Club rivals anything on the
twocoasts, but when itcomes toatmosphere it has them beat.
Extravagant amounts of money were spent in the design of
the club and the procurement of the very best in sound
equipment, lights and decoration. This is a night club only
a drug dealer could afford. Teak wood tables (at least
upstairs), marble floors and chandeliers are only some of the
decorations.

The Succubus Club is divided into three different areas,
which in some ways resemble three completely different
nightclubs. There is the punk hangout in the basement,

Club Introduction 9


known as the "Labyrinth" (and is notable for really having
a labyrinth), a central club located on the main floor and
known as "Reality,", and a large balcony above and over-
looking it known as "Elysium" (an inside joke, created by
Brennon for other Kindred). The Labyrinth has its own
outside entrance in the back of the club, andis clearly marked
with its own neon sign. A number of signs at the top of the
stairs indicate when one enters Elysium, but "Reality" is
only an nickname, marked by no signs.

Other areas of note are the VIP Lounge and Brennon's
private suite, as well as the Helena's secret haven located in
the basement.

Reality

Once inside the club, most visitors immediately notice the
state-of-the-art sound system and immense amplifiers. The
bass amps remain constantly pointed at the floor, and no
matter what the DJs play, the floor pulses with the rhythm.
Usually the club features industrial dance music, and DJs
have been known to play entire cds from Sisters of Mercy
non-stop. Other prominent features include a huge dance
floor and a huge rectangular bar featuring a wide variety of
brand names.

For most club goers, the ground floor can handle all their
needs, The mammoth 10,000 square foot dance floor domi-
nates this level and occupies the entire center of the club. On
weekends, despite its great size, itremains constantly packed
with couples and occasional solo dancers. The dance floor
itself stays remarkably free of trouble, though the bouncers
keep a close eye out for punks, whose combat boots have
been known to do severe damage to the floor when they
begin stomping around (and are thus "encouraged" to pa-
tronize the less elegant basement club).

Three hanging dance floors also provide needed space for
the large number of people crowding into the club. Acces-
sible via spiral staircases from the ground floor, two of these
20by 10 footplatforms hang suspended 18 and 21 feetabove
the earth, where they sway slightly to the dancers' gyrations.
Thick, tarnished brass railings surround the platforms and
keep most accidents from happening. If bouncers have the
slightest suspicion someone jumped off, they will hustle him
or her quickly out of the club with orders not to return.
Rumors of dancers who fell and were never seen again
abound, but no one takes these seriously.

The other "hanging" dance floor is 30 by 20 feet. It
overlooks the main dance floor and and sits only five feet
away from the rear balcony, which it parallels. It is on this
dance floor that some of the most popular alternative acts
have performed since the Succubus Club opened. The
Psychedelic Furs, R.E.M., The Smiths, The Cure, Living

Colour and others all performed here before getting too big
for the nightclub scene (however, R.E.M. is known to have
done an impromptu mini-concert when Robin Hitchcock
was playing here). The "backstage" area consists of the DJ's
station where soundmen work during shows and a storage
area which serves as a lounge for bands when they play the
club, situated next to the freight elevator. When bands play
here, bouncers allow no one but band members, their entou-
rage and club workers around the stage. At other times
anyone can go up to the dance floor, and itis usually packed.

The hanging stage, situated 15 feet above the ground, is
anchored not only to its stairwell like the two dance floors,
but when the walkway is laid down from the balcony, it
connects the stage to the second floor as well. Thus this area
barely sways at all no matter how much the act onstage
jumps around. The stairwell from the ground is blocked off
at both the top and bottom during shows, and two bouncers
stand guard by both the stairs and the walkway above.

The dance floors are the only well-lit areas on the ground
floor. Arranged in the blackness surrounding it sit tables,
chairs and two bars. Billowing cigarette smoke makes the
room seem even darker than it is. Waitresses rely more on
memory than sight to find the way from the bars to their
customers. The bars have just enough light for the bartend-
ers to see what they are doing, but little more.

The main bar, on a raised platform at the front of the club,
sits away from the dance floor. Three bartenders work
within its spacious confines, serving up mixed drinks as well
as beers of all kinds. Yes, Bloody Marys are very popular,
but no more so than other vodka drinks. A smaller bar lies
to the left of the dance floor, and its two bartenders mainly
serve beer and water to the dancers.

On the right side of the club are stairs going up to the
balcony level and above. In the far left corner is a stairway
going down to the Labyrinth. When a band plays either
level, bouncers guard this stairwell to make sure no one sees
the show for free. During these times bouncers have hand
stamps for both levels, and those trying to go from one to the
other have to pay the appropriate cover charges (which range
from $10-$25 depending on the day of the week and who the
band is).

In the very rear of the club is a storage area with freight
doors and a loading dock on the outside. A stairway and a
freight elevator allow bar workers to move items easily
between floors. On each side of the storage area are fire exits
which are locked from the outside but provide easy access to
the parking lot in back of the club. Club goers occasionally
try to sneak their friends in, but there is usually at least one
bouncer in the immediate area who will be more than happy
to throw both of them out.

10 Succubus Club

iz

[ r
Stairs Up 1

Stairs Down
Bar Stool

ey

Bar (Edge of

Storage

O
O &.
' i
° O Detiodt inci!
= O oy
| i Spiral StairsUp
lo O (to Hanging Platforms)
O (Edge of

Balcony) A,
na ae = Steps Down fl O
S10. 0. oan

Table : en Oo = ©): ~ 3@)) es (@)

7

Ladies‘

t—

Mens'

a

Freight Doors
Freight Elevator
Sra
Stairs Yp— AN] ) Es Fire Exit
Fire re Ware House/Storage ==
Ne
IN7 va Stairs Up
= (to Balcony)

| (ales Booths

Stairs Up
(to Balcony)

Hat
Check ©

O O

CO coriersauthep

Level One: The Dance Floor

Steps Up =i i=
= KA
Ladies!
>
wi

Security | Loev0ay Mens'
Re Pat
S ae 3 Raised Bar Yrs ee
Vv
al | if Storage \
Entrance—2 4 ri C Main Bar
Stairs Down Storage Stairs Up

A
N

Scale:1 inch = 35 feet

Club Introduction

il


Elysium

Accessible via staircases in the right of the club, Elysium
lies 15 feet above the ground floor, butitmightas well be 100
forall the differences between the two levels. The view from
this balcony of the dance floors serves as its main attraction,
but those who spend any time up there have found Elysium
and Reality to be almost a completely different clubs. Since
the design of the sound system aims most of the music at the
dance floor, the balcony remains relatively quiet and people
are able to carry on conversations without having to scream
in one another's ears. Itruns completely around the walls of
the club, and the club's older patrons tend to stay here,
leaving the dance floor to the young and energetic.

The club's most sophisticated patrons can be found here
as well, sipping wine and mixed drinks from the elaborate
balcony bar. The bar has a wider selection, the teak wood
tables are more widely spaced and the chairs much more
plush than those found below. Ceiling fans keep the smoke-
filled air circulating, and several well-clad waiters move
agilely between the tables, delivering drinks and notes.

When live bands play, the balcony stays packed with fans,
but bouncers make sure they do not get into the area behind
the hanging stage. At other times, the bouncers assigned to
this area have little to do as undesirables generally find the
cloying, uppercrust atmosphere most inhospitable. When

Blood Dolls do make their way up the stairs they quickly
discover how out of place they are, and soon leave.

Part of the reason they avoid this area is the presence (and
Presence) of older Vampires. When Kindred like Capone,
Erichtho, Lodin and even various members of Chicago's
Primogen visit the club, they stay in either the balconies or
the VIP Lounge. One look from one of these immortal
masters sends even the toughest mischief-maker scurrying
for the stairway down. The lore from such encounters has
only enhanced the reputation of Elysium.

Thus, the Succubus Club, while officially not part of the
Elysium, has been the site of some of the most intense
debates, negotiations and treacheries known to the Undead.
The Brujah Tyler earned her reputation for murderous cun-
ning when she brought the ancient Procet here to discuss his
continuing support of the Maldavis rebellion. Unable to
keep his concentration due to the frenzied activity going on
throughout the club, Tyler managed to get him to relax his
guard and earned his trust. She convinced him to feed on the
Vite of a heavily drugged Blood Doll, led him outside and
slew him. She drained him of all his super-potent Blood,
thus ensuring her own place on the Primogen.

In a separate part of balcony, the DJ's work their magic,
spinning cds well above the crowd who so enjoy their talents,

The Penthouse

The top two floors are the only parts of the club other than
the store rooms and Helena's vault which is notaccessible to
the general public. One of these, the third floor, sees almost
no visitors. Brennon Thornhill, the ever-so-suave owner of
the club, keeps this level as his private penthouse. Here those
Kindred and the few kine on Brennon's good side relax in the
plush luxury of the fourth-floor observation lounge, sipping
wine and enjoying each other's company. Brennon's im-
pressive collection of Impressionist paintings hang in a
small art gallery next to the VIP suite and a local florist
brings a collection of fresh flowers to liven up the rooms
each day.

Usually only a few people occupy the VIP suite on any
given night, but they make upaprize lot. The city's very best
artisans, local celebrities, premier drug dealers and Kindred
on Brennon's good side sip their drinks in front of the sliding
glass doors which overlook the entire club or lounge around
on overstuffed sofas talking about whatever strikes their
fancy. Numerous deals of both legitimate and questionable
natures are struck here, and more than one murder planned
next to the masterpieces of the Impressionists.

When bands play the club, however, the lounge takes on
an entirely different character. The band members, their
entourage and everyone else who can wrangle a backstage
pass pack the upstairs. Two bartenders work the bar and at
least one waitress moves in and out of the crowd, carrying

12 Succubus Club

Freight Elevator

Storage

Removable
: (alg ES mse Walk
Stairs Down
Hanging
(Stage)
5

= \ Elevator Door 2

Stairs Down

Window
piral
Stairs Down
Open to Dance ——{
— Floor Below
2, Hanging.
Hanging Platform 2

Platform 3

Hand Railing gS

& Balcony Edge tairs Down

Bw aS. Bleachers

Storage
|

Table:
[eee
PA a
Security ‘
Monitor Manager's

Kitchen & Storage

Offi
Room si

L pn—tAn_n\
Assistant

Manager Stairs ae

Level Two: The Balcony

har Door

A
N

Scale:1 inch = 35 feet


Cat Walk ey

Floor Plan Key

_

VIP Observation
Lounge & Bar

Window

Art Gallery
Annex Room

Full Bath
Elevator Motor

AnaAWN

Up/Down Stairs
to Roof

Ke a ort Beams
attice (above) Mes

8 Sliding Glass l
rs

| Xl

Doo! 6 UI
Scale:1 inch = 70 feet 4

iS

Level Four: The VIP Lounge

Main Sound System
and Lighting

Noe

food and drinks on silver-gilded trays. When the time comes
for the band members to take the stage, they open the glass
doors, head downstairs to the elevator and then ride it to the
balcony level.

The other time the lounge becomes so heavily packed is
during its legendary parties. An invitation to a party in the
penthouse is an honor many kine would kill for, but Kindred
have mixed emotions about this blessing. Such an invitation
generally means some nationally famous celebrity has de-
cided to grace the Succubus Club with his or her presence,
and mortal gawkers will probably be showing that night as
well. Still, the parties are usually invigorating affairs, with
all sorts of interesting people present. Some younger Kin-
dred, like the Toreador Bret Stryker, get a great kick out of
feeding off those people who would have been unobtainable
when they were mortal. The Toreador leader Annabelle
Triabell has also been rumored to take particular delight in
feeding on male rock ‘n' roll stars.

Atypical party in the penthouse generally starts around 10
or 11 p.m. and swings into high gear around 1 or 2. If
Brennon is hosting the bash, then there will be a strong mix
of both Kindred and kine, though he will limit the invited
Undead to those he knows will impress his mortal partygoers.
The mortals will almost always include some nationally
knowncelebrity (generally a movie or music star), several of
the city's more prominent artists and musicians, a record

agent or two, a few of Chicago's younger politicians, some
local media personality, various members of the area's
cognoscente and dilettante communities, and whichever
Blood Doll is serving as Brennon's Vessel of the week.

A highly skilled bartender will be mixing drinks behind
the penthouse's lavishly stocked bar and twoof thenightclub's
most skilled and attractive waitresses will be expertly weav-
ing through the club, quietly supplying food and drink to the
guests. They will have been informed before hand not to try
and serve certain guests anything edible, and Vampires may
well notice that they are never asked if or what they would
like to imbibe.

The guests will be mingling with their own particular
agendas in mind. Seeking endorsements, making contacts
and networking forall they are worth, their many and diverse
ambitions add a sharp edge to what might otherwise be calm
and sophisticated parties amidst the Monets and Cezzanes.
This only adds to the stimulation the Kindred experience at
these affairs,

Even when no party has been scheduled for the penthouse,
many of the more urbane Kindred find the penthouse's
cosmopolitan atmosphere and genteel patrons especially
agreeable. It is not uncommon to find a Toreador here
discussing painting with one of Chicago's local masters, a
Ventrue (or a Brujah) arguing politics with a city council-
woman, or a Caitiff sulking quietly in a corner before

14 Succubus Club

choosing his next victim. While Anarchs are rare visitors to
the party, and would violently deny they would accept an
invitation were it offered, most secretly desire just such an
opportunity. Many privately think of those in the VIP lounge
as being the cream of the Kindred community, and use
insults and slanders to hide their own envy.

Brennon's Suite

Brennon has a number of havens around the city and
rarely spends a day at his club. Nonetheless, he has gone to
great lengths to make his third-floor suite as luxurious as he
can. Accessible only through the club's offices on the
balcony level or through the VIP lounge upstairs, few
individuals, either Kindred or kine, ever enter this area. The
club owner limits entry to those with business matters,
celebrities in particular need of privacy or his most recent
Vessel. Thus the firstroom visitors encounter is his window-
less office with its large cedar desk and plush chairs.

Accessible through the office is his private lounge, which
overlooks the balcony much as the balcony does the dance
floor. Brennon brings few visitors to this sanctuary, saving
it primarily for the celebrities of both the Kindred and kine
worlds. He takes great care to conduct any business-related
matters in his office, leaving the den reserved for relaxation.

The den in turn connects with his windowless bedroom.
Even visiting celebrities rarely get the chance to see this

Stairs Up
Floor Plan Key 5 d 4 Cat Walks Stairs Down
Ey—L. Main Sound System and Lighting S
1 Brennon's Office 3 Y)
2. Private Lounge N Z
3 Bedroom
4 Full Bath 2 Window
5 Annex Room
6 Storage (unused)
7 Cell periZ
8 Freight Evevator / 4
9 Storage GY
Vv [> Stairs Up/Down
==a5 aie
Scale:1 inch = 70 feet
Level Three: Brennon's Rooms

Club Introduction 15

sanctum sanctorum, as Brennon uses this room to enjoy his
latest conquests. A giant, canopied waterbed dominates the
room, and the only other furnishings present are a luxurious
armchair and a small coffee table. Only the closest of
examinations will reveal the scattered bloodstains around
the room, and such an investigation would require more light
than the dimmed chandelier provides.

Behind the bedroom is a full bath, another small room
filled with papers and records, and finally a small cell with
twosets of arm and leg manacles bolted to the wall. Brennon
has never actually used these chains to hold anyone involun-
tarily, but it is available should he need it. This is the only
room on this level with a window, though a thick metal plate
covers it and it is secured with a combination padlock.
Characters may notice that if the window were opened,
sunlight would shine light directly on to where one of the sets
of manacles have been stationed.

Catwalks and Rafters

A series of catwalks run across the third story of the
Succubus Club, supporting the club's sound and lighting
systems. A lattice of wooden beams criss crosses the fourth
floor, providing both support for the building as well as
access to the roof and electrical system.

Both these setups have provided a great deal of amuse-
ment for gutsy Kindred and kine. More than one Anarch has
chuckled quietly to himself while watching the rest of the
club from his ceiling perch, while the number of Blood Dolls
who have come up here for privacy is small but growing.
Random graffiti and occasional splotches of blood mark
their visits.

On top of this, several people have staked out various
parts of the Labyrinth itself as their own territory. For
instance, two powerful Bloods have been selling cocaine out
of the same dark corner for the past several years. Another
area has cushions strewn around for the use of couples
seeking an intimate encounter. Of course, a close look at
these cushions under better lighting than is available here
would reveal numerous blood stains on these pillows.

The basement has four entrances, though only two are
available to the general public. The most commonly used
entrance feeds in from the parking lot, and when prominent
bands play down here, the line to get in weaves in and out
between the stationary cars, sometimes setting off a car
alarm when those who have waited the longest sit upon the
hood of some Yuppie's BMW.

The less commonly used entrance comes from the heavily
populated ground floor. A stairway in the left corner of the
club leads down next to the stage area. Few people use it,
however, since that would mean having to pass through the
hordes of Blood Dolls, Yuppies and other contemptible sorts
who inhabit that level. Thus most of the basement regulars
only come through the parking lot entrance, and would
prefer to be shot rather than associate with the upstairs types
— except when mugging them.

The final entranceways are in the storage areas behind the
stage and the bar. Both stairways go up to the next level, and
and the one behind the stage runs parallel to the freight
elevator which also moves between levels. While the lack of
exits makes the basement appear to be the worst sort of fire
hazard, the fact that it is made of all brick and concrete, as
well as the state-of-the-art sprinkler system Brennon in-
stalled, means fires could do little physical damage here.

The Labyrinth

The city's more dangerous elements seem almost super-
naturally attracted to the club's notorious basement. Speed
metal, punk, militant rap and other violent bands play this
level, attracting a bewildering assortment of fans from the
dregs of society. Bloods dressed to the hilt and bedecked in
gold stand next to punks in torn shirts and leather pants while
watching long-haired metal fans compare tattoos. When
they feel they need privacy, they slip off into the darkness of
the Labyrinth, a huge maze which runs along the outside of
the basement. In its various nooks and crannies dealers hawk
their wares, couples embrace in passion and Blood Dolls
share their blood.

Through the years, the basement, and the Labyrinth in
particular, has developed its own culture with its own rules
and bylaws. The most important restriction members of this
basement subculture follow is to leave each other alone.
When people are taking care of business in the maze, it does
not matter whether their business is illegal, romantic or
violent in nature, They get left alone.

Labyrinth Encounters

As any Succubus Club regular knows, there is always
something happening in the Labyrinth. For instance, drug
deals go down with frightening regularity. Not only do
Bloods, Crips and other gang members meet to handle
business, but college students, Yuppies, Blood Dolls and all
other groups know of the Labyrinth as the place to buy drugs.
On top of these small scale deals, Chicago mobsters often
meet with representatives of drug cartels around the world to
arrange massive smuggling operations and ensure Chicago's
continuing preeminence as a hub of the continent's drug
market.

Not everybody in the Labyrinth goes there for such
grandiose scheming, however. Anytime people want a
private place to meet, make out or just be alone, then they
head into the maze's depths. One corner may play host toa
couple in the throes of passion, another may see two drunks
settling their differences with their fists, anda third may hold
a young poet furiously scribbling away on her notepad. On
top of that, you never know if the person lying face down in
the corridor is a drunk sleeping it off or just another corpse.

16 Succubus Club

Elevator Door ‘% Freight Elevator

Secret
Door

Well
ee ( Vay
Generators Secret Door Door

Basement Level: The Labyrinth _ Scate:1 inch =35 feet


Thus the Labyrinth is a prime location to spring encoun-
ters on the characters. Some of these encounters could lead
to adventures in and of themselves, others might be a chance
for the characters to learn some new and valuable fact, while
several may serve primarily to help set the mood for the
story. What follows is a list of possible encounters taking
place in the Labyrinth. As always, it is suggested that the
Storyteller pick and choose whichever encounter she de-
sires, but dice rolls involving a single 10-sided die have been
included for your convenience. If you use the random
method and roll an encounter you have already used, either
choose another or create one of your own, possibly follow-
ing the theme of the one rolled. Conspiring Caitiff, vengeful
Ventrue anda whole host of other people make their way into
the depths of the maze, and nearly anything can be met in its
darker recesses.

Note that these are not encounters which will wander into
the characters. These involve self-motivated creatures who
have their own reasons for being where they are. In fact, this
table will be most useful when the characters are the ones
doing the wandering.

Encounter Descriptions:

1-2 Lovers' Squabble. The characters hear raised
voices engaged in heated debate as they move through the
maze. At first the words are muffled by the walls, butas they
move closer they can begin to make sense out of what is

being said. Apparently a young man has become incensed
at his girlfriend for all the time she has been spending with
the owner of the club, while his lover has been shattered by
the fact that Brennon appears to have lost all interest in her
after just one week,

3-4 Couplein Love. As the characters make their way
totheir own private place, they hear odd sounds coming from
one hallway. If players care to investigate, they will discover
the noises coming from two individuals finding rapture in
each other's arms. If characters are so rude as to look to see
who it is or just plan to watch the action, they will discover
an up-and-coming (and very married) politician with a
teenaged Blood Doll.

5 Sharing the Blood. The characters hear a low
moan from a passage right next to them. Investigation
reveals a young woman the characters have never seen
before with her lips around a young man's neck. The man's
head is thrown back and a look of purest ecstasy is on his
face. If characters think to ask, you can tell them it appears
to be the same look mortals usually take on during the Kiss.
At this point the woman will look up and the characters can
notice blood on her lips and on the man's neck. While
characters may leap to the conclusion this is anew Vampire
taking a victim here in the club, in fact itis a Blood Doll from
New York visiting friends in the Windy City. She and the
young man (a Succubus Club regular) met at the club tonight
and decided to go share blood. However, let your characters
break the Masquerade if they leap to the conclusion she is
one of the Kindred. In that case, she plays along with the
characters for as long as you as Storyteller find it amusing.

6 Taking the Blood. Once again, the characters hear
a low moan from the passage next to them. This time
investigation reveals the Ventrue Lorraine feeding on a
young woman who stands in rapture, clutching a pill bottle.
Characters making a Perception + Streetwise roll of 8 (two
successes required for full comprehension) recognize the
bottle's contents as peyote buttons. Lorraine does not
immediately notice the characters, though she will end her
feeding in moments and leave the club. If characters try to
follow her, they will have little difficulty avoiding her as the
hallucinogen takes effect. Decrease all their difficulties in
following her by one. She leads them to the Sears Tower,
where she rides a special elevator to the 107th floor.

7 Beating the Baby. Several skinheads managed to
sneak into the Succubus Club, where they came upon Evan
Klein in his Raymond Falcon persona. Recognizing him as
the bass player for Baby Chorus, and deciding to get their
kicks from beating up the long-haired celebrity, the three
convinced him to go to the Labyrinth with them ("Hey man,
I got somethin' to show you"). Once down there they
jumped him and began trashing him. Normally Klein would
have had little problem bouncing them off the walls, but their
attack brought back all the memories of his childhood and he
went fetal, dropping to the floor in a ball. Now the three

18 Succubus Club

skinheads are kicking at him, and Klein's health has been
reduced to Wounded. Characters hear the sounds of the
fight. If they drive off Klein's assailants, the Vampire will
stay curled up on the floor for about a minute. When he gets
up, he will have taken on the personality of a three-year-old
girl — crying, confused and lonely. If characters take the
time to calm him down, he will revert to being Raymond
Falcon and will greatly appreciate the characters' aid.

8 Bad Business. The characters round a corner just
in time to see a drug deal go sour. Two Bloods are reaching
for their Berettas just as the pack of five punks is about to
jump them. The players may well wantto get out of the way,
buta suitcase filled with money lies open on the ground next
toa sizable package of cocaine. Any players who feel lucky
(and greedy) may try to go for the valuables, but next round
Uzis, sawed-off shotguns and magnums will open up on
anyone around.

9 A Maze of Plots. While wandering through the
corridors of the Labyrinth, the characters recognize the
familiar voice of Gengis. "Come on Brennon," they hear the
voice say. "You know damn well it's not the existence of a
prince we object to. We just want someone who's not so
repressive. Withall due respect to your Sire, Lodin' s anidiot
anda painin the ass." Brennon's responses will be too quiet
for any character except those with heightened senses to pick
up. Gengis will continue to expound on Anarch philosophy
while Brennon will respond noncommittally. Characters

may quickly jump to the conclusion that the two have joined
to form some new Anarch plot against the Elders of the city.
However, Gengis knows full well that Brennon sides with
Lodin, and is trying to use him as a channel to feed misinfor-
mation to the prince. The Anarch hopes Lodin may be lulled
into lowering his guard, thus making it easier for him and his
allies to carry out their plots in the future. At the same time,
Brennon and Lodin are trying to cultivate Gengis asa source
so he will wittingly or unwittingly give them information on
what the Anarchs are up to. If characters try to use any
information they overhear for blackmail (for instance, tell-
ing Lodin Brennon plots with Anarchs), they will not get far.
Both sides play a delicate game in these negotiations, and
none want to upset these carefully laid plans. However, this
is a good chance for the characters to learn of Brennon's
connection to Lodin (if they have not already) as well as to
get wind of coming events. If the characters escape notice,
they can discover Gengis and Brennon meet every week at
this time in the Labyrinth to talk.

10 Hidey-Hole. As the Succubus Club closes down
for another night, characters notice Portia entering the Laby-
rinth. Any who try to follow her (why is she going in there
when the club is closing?), will have an easier time than they
normally would since she is extremely tired and is beginning
to run low on Blood. With successful Wits + Stealth rolls
they can follow her through the maze. However, when they
come to a cul-de-sac they could swear she went down, she

Club Introduction 19


has disappeared. What they do not know is that the wall here
hides her haven. If the characters search the area, you can
give them any sort of obstacles you want, from Bloods and
bouncers to Brennon and Prias. Still, this encounter should
give them the first clue that Portia may be much more than
the neonate she pretends to be.

Helena's Vault

Far more protected than any safe, more concealed than
any knife and far more dangerous than any gun, Helena's
resting place lies hidden behind the walls of the Labyrinth.
Here she slept for more than 100 years, and she enters this
vault each day to slip into the dry well which has served her
for so long.

Originally no room stood here. When developers built a
warehouse above the filled in well where Helena had been
placed after her torpor, Prias ensured that the construction
would not disturb her resting place, and builders made the
basement small enough so that they did not reach her. Thus
she continued to sleep undisturbed.

As she began to shrug off torpor, however, she decided to
enlist the aid of mortals in rising from her grave. With the
aid of both Prias and Maria (her Childe, who also served as
her first victim when Helena arose from torpor), Helena
convinced a rich drug dealer to renovate the warehouse. A
select group of construction workers, under the domination
and conditioning of Maria, excavated the earth directly
above Helena and constructed a vault nextto where she slept,
concealing its door as part of the wall. Then Maria killed
them.

New construction workers added the labyrinth to the
nightclub's basement, placing one of its deadends next to the
vault's antechamber. For the rest of the decade the vault
remained undisturbed by anything more than Prias, Maria
and occasional insects.

Then Helena awoke. She clawed her way through the
earth, sucking what little Vitae she could from the worms and
maggots around her on her climb to the top. Finally she
broke free from the confines of her burial grounds and was
met at the top by Maria, who she promptly slew. She then
collapsed into torpor again, and did not wake for another
month, When she finally came to her senses Prias stood next
to her and with his aid she entered the Succubus Club for the
first time.

Helena has kept the club as her main haven, but the
defenses surrounding it have become far stronger. She led
Prince Lodin to Embrace the club owner in the mid-80s, and
he has unconsciously served as her main protector (after
Prias, of course). Brennon Thornhill added an extremely
expensive sprinkler system to make her feel more at ease. He
also ensures that none of the club employees disturb her
resting place, and would come to her aid in a heart beat were
she to summon him.

The deadend leading to her vault has become the main
dealing area for a number of Bloods close to Kevin Jackson.
Numbered among those who have been specially trained to
deal with Vampires, these gang members carry automatic
weapons and stay extremely suspicious of strangers, warn-
ing off those who would linger here. However, they allow
Helena to stay here and never seem toremember her passing.

Helena's next line of defense comes from the secret door
leading to the antechamber. In game terms, noticing the
concealed door requires a Perception + Alertness roll of 9
(two successes). Entering the antechamber will cause any
character with Auspex to receive constant premonitions of
danger, though the character will be unable to separate any
individual images out of the storm which will hit her. All she
will be able to tell is that the whole area seems to radiate
danger, as the bombardment overpowers any single wam-
ing.

The inner defenses begin with a scorpion Prias nick-
named Hecabe. While a scorpion would not normally be a
cause of much concern for one of the Kindred, this one has
fed on Helena's fourth-generation blood since she ruled
Pompeii. This ghoul scorpion, now grown to the size of a
housecat, actually follows Prias' orders, though ithas served
as the Methuselah's guardian during the time she spent in
torpor.

It had begun to weaken near the end of Helena's long
slumber, but since her waking Hecabe has been well fed and
regained its former size and strength. Now it has the
equivalent of Strength 3, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5, Brawl 4,
Alertness 3, Dodge 6, Potence 3, Celerity 3, Fortitude 2.
While anormal scorpion's poison would have little effect on
a Vampire, Hecabe's will kill a mortal immediately and
Causes its own aggravated wounds to Kindred on top of the
damage caused by its rock-hard stinger. Thus Hecabe will
normally have 10 dice to hit (Dexterity + Brawl) and 10 dice
of damage (Strength + Potence + Brawl) just from the strike
itself. If the strike does even one level of damage to
someone, then that person, be she Kindred or kine, will then
take five additional dice of damage (which can be soaked if
the victim has Fortitude) and cause aggravated wounds for
Cainites.

The next line of defense is the vault door itself. Opening
the six-inch-thick steel door would be a feat in and of itself,
especially since the bolt lock was the best available at the
time it was put in, and is still one of the finest. The multiple
combinations and single keyhole are concealed behind a
loose brick. the rest of the bricks have been mortared to the
vault door, and swing with the door when it is opened. In
game terms, noticing the concealed door requires a Percep-
tion + Alertness roll of 7 (two successes), finding the
combinations and keyhole require Perception + Alertness of
6 (three successes), opening the locks without key or com-
binations Wits + Security with a target of 9 and 15 successes,
and breaking the door would require Strength + Potency

20 Succubus Club

with a difficulty of 10 (eight successes). The walls, ceiling
and floor of the vault are lined with metal and exceptionally
difficult to break through. Essentially the intruders would
have to dig through the earth down the vault and then break
through.

Once inside the vault, invaders immediately notice a vial
containing a red liquid lying on the floor directly under the
glaring lightbulb in the center of the ceiling. Getting to the
vial trips hidden electronic sensors (noticeable on a Wits +
Security roll of 10, disarmed on a Dexterity + Security roll
of 8 with five successes) which notify Prias via a beeper he
always carries on him and bring him running with sword in
hand.

‘The vial contains exceptionally potent Vite which still
swirls in its holder despite being nearly a year old. The blood
comes from a fifth-generation Childe of Helena who the
Methuselah has since slain. Before drawing this blood,
however, Helena had forced her progeny to imbibe blood
from a young man who had just swallowed an entire bottle
of sleeping pills. Anyone who does so much as taste this
blood must make a Stamina + Fortitude roll with a target of
9 (three successes needed) to stay conscious. Even if the roll
is made, the character loses three dice on any action taken.

If that leaves the character with no dice to work with, then
she cannot take the planned action. The effects of the drug
also cancel out any benefit the Vitz might normally give its
drinker.

Even if characters do not take the vial, there are detection
devices (primarily infrared beams placed knee-high) located
around the vault they are likely to trip. Noticing them
requires the same roll as above, but then can be avoided as
well as disarmed. Avoiding them requires a Dexterity +
Alertness roll of 7 with eight successes necessary to get to
Helena's current resting place.

Finding Helena's resting place is another problem. Rela-
tively obvious tracks on the dusty floor lead to a spot in the
back of the vault. Any who follow the tracks to their
destination can make a Perception + Alertness roll (target of
9) to notice the vague outlines of a pressure plate where the
footsteps end. Anyone standing there triggers a razor-sharp
scythe which bursts from the wall. The six-foot-long blade
swings out in a horizontal arc 5 ft 6 in above the floor. Any
character in the area taller than that who fails a Wits + Dodge
roll (target of 9) takes eight dice of damage, which can only
be soaked if the character has Fortitude. Any character
losing more than four health levels from this attack can be
considered decapitated and completely, irrevocably deceased.

The vault itself is yet another red herring to throw off
those seeking the Methuselah's hiding place. Access to the
well in which Helena sleeps each day can be had through one
of the double-layered metal plates which lines the back wall.
However, the metal plate must be opened to reveal the
crawlspace to the well. Helena does this by unscrewing the
sole lightbulb to reveal a secret catch which causes the metal

plate to swing up and in on concealed hinges. Of course,
unscrewing the bulb immediately plunges the room into
darkness, meaning the invaders may well be unable to see
what they are doing.

The false plate can be detected by a simple search of the
room, knocking on each panel. This requires a Perception +
Investigation roll of 6 or better, but the searcher must have
heightened senses. Otherwise the difficulty is 10 and the
searcher must make three successes.

Invaders can try to break through the metal plate, but a
mass of wiring between the layers of metal plating have been
hooked up directly to the club generator. Thus anyone who
tries to bash through will puncture the well-insulated wiring.
The blast of electricity will send spasms through the invader's
muscles and cause 10 dice of damage.

If the invaders get through the metal plate, they will be
able to follow Helena's tracks through a crawlspace to the
bricked-up well in which she sleeps. There she merely enters
the dried-up well Prias laid her to rest in many years ago,
crawls down 30 feet to a small cranny where she has brought
a small yet comfortable bed, and goes to sleep.

She makes this journey very carefully, however, because
she recently had a new trap installed to protect her in her
slumber. Even Prias is unaware of the ring of flamethrowers
placed 10 feet above Helena's resting place. Pressure plates
located both directly above and below the flamethrowers
will set them off one second after the plate is touched.
Helena normally avoids this trap by jumping down when she
is directly above the pressure plates. For anyone else to even
notice it would require they have some way of sensing it in
the dark and them make a Wits + Security roll with a
difficulty of 9. Only one success is necessary. The decayed
body of the workman who installed the trap can still be found
on the floor of the well.

Of course, by this time any intruders would probably have
caused Helena's own Auspex to start sending her premoni-
tions of dangers, and she would be rising from her coffin,
which rests in a cubicle hollowed out of the side of the well,
four feetabove its bottom. While the invaders may think she
would be groggy, the one Thaumaturgical ritual she knows
is Wake with the Moming's Freshness, and she casts it
before going to sleep. On top of this, Prias would be warned
by now and either be on his way or there already.

Club Defenses

Despite the heavy concentration of firearms, drugs and
the Undead, the Succubus Club actually remainsa safe place
to hang out. Too many individuals have too much invested
in the nightclub to allow it to come to any harm, and they all
work to the best of their ability to ensure its inviolability.

Brennon provides the most obvious security with both
ghoul and mortal bouncers, his own Vampiric abilities and

Club Introduction 21

alarm and fire protection. Small disturbances can be handled
either by the bouncers while larger ones stop with but a few
calming words from the club owner (assisted by his Pres-
ence, of course).

Serious danger can usually be avoided by the simple fact
that most of the people who could threaten the club would
not. For instance, Chicago's gangs know the area is too
profitable to mess up. In addition, the Bloods have let it be
known that they consider the club sacrosanct and will avenge
any damage done to it or its reputation. While some gangs
would normally consider this more of a reason to hit the
Succubus Club, the additional factors of its Mafia and police
protection tend to discourage them.

Several of Brennon's fellow Ventrue have gone to great
lengths to ensure his club's safety. Lodin has passed down
orders through the higher levels of Chicago's police depart-
ment that not only is the Succubus Club off limits as far as
arrests are concerned, but it is actually to be protected as
well. Brennon has buttressed these commands with his own
bribes, of course.

In addition, Lodin ordered his lieutenant Capone to have
his men in the Mafia also serve as the club's protectors. He
in turn passed the orders to his lieutenants, Gaughan and
Chuc Luc. Not only have they spread the word among the
people they deal with not to mess with the nightclub, but the
physical presence of Syndicate enforcers on the club's
premises tends to discourage trouble.

While the protection of any one of these groups would
probably not be enough to safeguard it completely, and
might indeed attract unwanted attention, their combined
might makes the locale safer than most military bases.

More dangerous events (like frenzying characters) are
handled by the club's two ghoul bouncers or by the Kindred
who value the club. While the Succubus Club is not
considered part of the Elysium, far too many Kindred find it
far too valuable to let the actions of a few destroy it. Thus
were some Licks to get out of line and start bouncing the
bouncers off the rafters, they might quickly find Gengis and
several other Anarchs jumping on their backs, wrestling
them to the grounds and holding them there while Brennon
or Annabelle would calm them down with Presence or
Domination. Then the characters would be taken out back
and beaten till they had one Blood Point left.

Kine Relations

The Succubus Club conceals more fire and building code
violations than any five other nightclubs in town, but for
some reason few city inspectors come into the club and none
ever comment on the numerous safety hazards. While this
may be because of the state-of-the-art, $100,000 sprinkler
system Brennon had installed, those in the know whisper
about the club owner's Domination and bribes of key offi-

cials. They also note the strong friendship Brennon has built
up with the local fire station. His generous gifts to them
(entertainment centers for the firehouses, free passes to the
club) and donations to charities which help families of
deceased firefighters has ensured not only a blind eye to
many of his many violations but also their rapid arrival in the
event of trouble.

Brennon's cozy arrangements with public servants ex-
tends to the Chicago police as well. Almost all the police
assigned to the area directly around the Succubus Club are
in Brennon's pay and under his subtle Domination. They
regularly patrol the area on the lookout for troublemakers,
and it is not too uncommon for a squad car to be stationed
outside the club on an especially busy night. If a trouble-
maker has gotten too far out of hand, police will take him
from the club to an isolated spot and give him a special
message with their nightsticks. Since part of their pay comes
from underplaying trouble at the club, itis rare that someone
thrown out will be arrested, though thatperson will definitely
be harassed. Also, the police never raid the club despite the
ease they would have in catching several dozen (some
nights, several hundred) under-age drinkers.

At one point the Chicago Tribune planned to do an ar-
ticle on the ease with which teenagers had buying drinks at
the club, but for some reason no one ever completed it.
Indeed, the only paper to ever comment on this odd situation
is the Chicago Reader, which only mentions it in passing.
Brennon has maintained a close friendship with the Ventrue
Peterson despite the distaste he feels for this other Childe of
Lodin's. With Peterson's aid he has kept the city's major
papers from covering his club in any section except for
Entertainment, and there the only references are to the
Succubus Club as a fun place to go or listings of upcoming
concerts.

None of the city's publications have made mention of the
Succubus Club's connections with drug dealers, Most of the
club's patrons know drugs get bought and sold openly there,
but few are aware of the true level. In fact, Brennon has
maintained and extended his old contacts with the world's
major suppliers of illegal drugs since opening the club, and
now the Succubus Club has become not only a central point
for drugs entering the city, but a hub for drug deals affecting
the entire continent.

Chicago's vice police give the club a wide berth not only
because of Brennon's bribes but because Prince Lodin gave
several department heads strict orders via his Domination of
them to leave the club alone. Word has filtered down to the
average cop that people in high places would be highly upset
should the nightclub be disturbed. While this has prevented
any organized investigation of the club, there is no telling
what individual police officers might be up to.

The DEA was a problem during Chicago's Council Wars,
brought in to investigate thanks to some of the mayor' sallies
in Congress, but the conclusion of that battle ended their

22 Succubus Club


investigation and bribes to the appropriate people ensured
that the records from that time disappeared. Some old DEA
members remember the investigation, but they have been
afraid to push for a new one because of the insistence their
higher ups made about shutting down the last one.

Brennon received aid in shutting down this probe from a
number of politicians he had helped out during the years, and
he has been careful to maintain friendships and alliances
with key government officials. His penthouse parties have
become key places for candidates to meet with local and
national celebrities in hopes of picking up both contributions
and endorsements, While the club owner has yet to garner
much more influence than your typical Chicago ward boss,
he has started to cast his eye at becoming more of a power on
the state and even national level. Thusitis nottorare to meet
members of city council or state government at the club.

= —

Kine Patrons

‘There are variety of patrons of the clubs, most of them fall
ina variety of different categories — at least when you speak
of mortals.

Blood Dolls

The Succubus Club has become infamous as a meeting
ground for Blood Dolls, those unhappy scion of upper and
upper-middle class families who reject society's trends by
obediently following the dictates of their own subculture.
Noone knows whether a Kindred or akine first labeled them
Blood Dolls, but the sobriquet stuck.

The average Blood Doll looks more like a Vampire than
do most Cainites. They dress in the trendiest black clothing
they can find — tuxedos, vests, leather jackets and mini-
skirts, blouses, capes, ruffled shirts, etc. Often the only items
they wear which are not black are the various pieces of silver
jewelry they own. These often take some form of vaguely
occult symbols like ankhs, moons, spiders and crosses. If the
jewelry is not pure silver, then it is silver with some sort of
stone like onyx or turquoise. Finally, they spend vastamounts
of time ensuring that their makeup has been applied just
right, witha light covering of white powder, dark eyeshadow
and copious amounts of blood-red lipstick, and that their hair
has just the right look.

While the best place to find Blood Dolls may be the clubs
they frequent, they also hang outat late-night diners, theaters
with midnight showings of the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
and dingy bookstores, organizing poetry readings or just
comparing outfits. Neither sex makes up the majority of
Blood Dolls, so all these meeting places also provide the
opportunity for intimate rendezvous, especially since few
Blood Dolls have passed the age of 25.

However, these bored, lonely and jaded youth do not stop
their romantic encounters with sex. The Blood Doll practice
which has raised the most controversy is their habit of
sharing blood. Two (rarely more) Blood Dolls will find a

private spot, take out small knives and cut themselves. Then
they drink each others blood. Needless to say, Kindred have
found this practice to make a perfect cover for their own
feedings.

The premier Blood Dolls, those all others look up to,
engage in this practice the most. Indeed, at least one Blood
Doll, William Killigrew, has earned a great deal of status
among his peers based on the sheer number of people he has
shared blood with. He is known to have been one of the first
in Chicago to call himself a Blood Doll, back in 1987.

The Blood Doll movement has a new form, but parallels
old types of Kindred imitation which has occurred through
the centuries. Similar movements among youth have sprung
up approximately every other generation, though few have
taken their emulation as far as Blood Dolls do. Usually the
copiers mainly follow Vampiric fashion and attitudes, ef-
fecting a dark indifference to the world around them. Only
the Blood Dolls have taken their simulacrum to the point of
actually drinking each others blood.

Urban Sophisticats

On the cutting edge of Chicago society, the Urban
Sophisticats have been fixtures at the club since it first
opened in 1982. The mainstays of the city's art culture, this
loose grouping includes writers, painters, directors, actors
and their may hangers-on. While the club has become better

Club Introduction 23

known for its population of Blood Dolls, these generally
wealthy patrons have been an even more important reason
for its continued success. Their presence helped attract new
people to the club, and their continued presence means the
club need never worry about having to attract newcomers.

Their sub-culture is quite strange in some ways but still
has a great deal in common with what goes on below them.
The primary purpose of each individual is to be seen with the
most popular of this crowd, gossip is the primary pastime
and large quantities of drink and drugs are consumed.
However, many in this group are genuinely interested in art
and will spend long hours in debate and discussion of the
latest exhibitions and productions.

Members of this elite rarely move on to the dance floor,
leaving it to the control of the lesser people who crowd the
club. Instead, they stay up in Elysium and ridicule the
dancers, or else spend the entire evening in the top-floor
penthouse. Their spoken reasons for having supported the
club vary, and range from the art collection to a love for
Brennon to the quality of drugs they can find there.

Still, no matter what other clubs might open to attract their
business, they continue to return to the Succubus Club. In
reality, there are a number of reason they doso, including the
spoken reasons given above. The most important reason,
however, has more to do with the constant presence of

Toreadors from Chicago and across the country than it does
with anything else.

Not only do the city's sophisticats find the conversation
and very presence of these personifications of high culture
stimulating, but the Toreadors enjoy establishing one place
where they can meet the members of a city's artistic elite.
Annabelle Triabell (under the inspiration of Menele) made
the Succubus Club the primary hang-out in Chicago. Whee-
dling, persuading and even dominating major figures in the
art community to go there, Triabell managed to etch the club
into their minds as the place to be.

Gangstas

A number of Chicago's black gangs have found the
Succubus Club to be a friendly environment to see shows,
cut deals and pick up dates, Nattily attired in gold chains and
rings, warm-up suits in gang colors and stylish suits with
gang-colored bandanas, gangstas join the dancers on the
ground floor and disappear into the darkness of the labyrinth
totake care of business. While most come to the club by way
of public transportation, they are the most likely patrons to
arrive in limousines.

At first all gangs found the club to be hospitable, but
recently some have been complaining that the Bloods get
preferential treatment. Indeed, there have been several
instances where intergang fights have ended up with all
participants except the Bloods being expelled from the club.
However, these battles are rare, since Bloods know starting
a fight in the Succubus Club is a good way to bring down the
wrath of the gang leadership. Other gangs have also found
it in their best interests to avoid fights on the premises.

Inany event, Chicago's gangstas have become an integral
part of the club, especially since rap artists like Public
Enemy, N.W.A. and Ice-T began to perform there. A great
deal of anti-Vanilla Ice graffiti can be found in the maze
itself.

Punks

While most punks bemoan the high cover price they must
pay to get into the Succubus Club, few other places cater to
them to the extent it does. The basement reeks violence, the
music is loud and pounding, and slam dancing is not only
permitted but encouraged. They avoid the upstairs as much
as possible, however, and spend most of their time down in
the Labyrinth. The taped music tends to reflect the bands
who have played there over the years— Iggy Pop, Lard,
Butthole Surfers, Black Flag and other punk and hardcore
bands, with a smattering of militant rap and speed metal
thrown in.

Others

Numerous Yuppiesalso come here to prove to themselves
that they have yet to grow old. Dressed in their best Miami

24 Succubus Club

Vice styles, they do their utmost to appear young and
_ exciting, though this mostly serves to make them the focus
"of jokes by the club regulars. Nevertheless, numerous
" stories abound of attractive Blood Dolls being kept by rich
Yuppie sugar daddies (and mommies). The Yuppies also
‘know the club is a reliable place to find cocaine.
College students from Northwestern, the University of
_ Chicago, DePaul and other local schools also show up here
inlargenumbers. Many of these are Blood Dolls, but others
__ are music fans or just kids out for a good time. While most
donot spend as much money as the Blood Dolls do, they
have become an accepted fixture within the club and give
Elders like Critias an excuse to go there. However, they
usually show up only when the big acts are playing on the
main stage, and often frequent more tame clubs at other
times,

Anumber of mobsters also hang out here, but usually not
because of the music. In their circles the club has become
known as the safest place to meet in order to take care of
various illicit business dealings. There is little danger of
being attacked in such a public (and protected) place, police
are unlikely to raid and the loud sound system makes it
unlikely their plans will be overheard. Rumors among the
Kindred say even Capone shows up here at times, butin truth
he usually does so only to meet with Brennon.

Finally, the club has become known as a hangout for
national celebrities when they visit the Windy City, and
gawkers tend to come here looking for them. Such gawkers
rarely get past the bouncers, and those who do quickly find
themselves ejected if they even approach the celebrity. Few
4 of the regulars would be so uncouth as to ask for autographs
; or bother such a visitor. They generally consider it far

classier to make a point of not approaching the celebrity just
to show that such status means nothing to them. On any
weekend it is not at all unusual to find a celebrity or two
wandering around the club. It does not take long, however,
before they are invited upstairs to the penthouse (as the
Storyteller you can add a lot of charm to the setting my
mentioning who the character might see in the Succubus).

Kindred Relations =

For many of these mortals, dance clubs are a way of life.
For many Kindred, they are the source of life. Rumors
abound that a Cainite owns the club, and in fact a host of
Vampires prefer to spend their nights here than anywhere
else. While the Succubus Club has never been declared part
of the Elysium, no Kindred would willingly start a fight
there. Many visit the private lounge on the fourth floor,
though numerous kine also fill its elegant space. Here
Toreadors admire the private art collection and those Kin-
dred favored by the club enjoy a respite from the mass of
humanity which crowds the rest of the club. Anarchs of all
kinds find the Labyrinth dwellers to be perfect for mingling

with, and make themselves right at home amidst its twists
and turns.

Hunters find the club to be an excellent source of Vita, as
few of the kine present would notice if their blood were
drunk and fewer still would care. They have an unspoken
agreement not to kill anyone in the club — in fact, they are
not welcome unless it is apparent from the color and feel of
their skin that they have fed recently. Even the most self-
controlled Vampire would find it near-impossible to resist
Frenzy if caught in the crush of Vita-rich mortals before
feeding.

Kindred Patrons

A variety of Kindred patronize the Succubus Club, each
of them for different reasons.

Anarchs

The Succubus Club has gained a reputation as an Anarch
hangout despite the fact a scion of Lodin owns it. And,
indeed, Anarchs make frequent use of the nightspot. Ask
any of them why they come to the club, however, and their
answers will have nothing to do with plots and schemes.
Instead they praise the high quality of the music, the Vessels
and the friends who show up there. Indeed, as befits a locale
owned by Lodin's progeny, the club has played host to more.
Ventrue and Tremere plots than it has Anarch ones.

The Succubus Club has become the highest-profile place
Anarchs feel safe enough to meet openly. Members of every
Anarch coterie spend some time here, though Hinds' Social-
ists generally make only token appearances. On the other
hand, most of the Nihilists show up here at some point or
another, especially since Levesque took an interest in the
Blood Dolls. Many Kindred Of Juggler's coterie show up
here from time to time, though Hank Cave, Gengis, Uriah
and Dooley are the most likely ones to be there on any given
night.

Ventrues

Anumber of Ventrue come to the club on a fairly regular
basis, though they are more likely to be there taking care of
business rather than partying. Capone, Gaughan, Chuc Luc
and Kevin Jackson often come here to personally oversee
major drug deals, while Lodin and Neally Edwards show up
to discuss matters of importance with Brennon and some of
the other more powerful Kindred frequenting the club. Only
Lorraine and Bobby Weatherbottom come here just for the
fun of it, though Weatherbottom is usually dragged here by
Amanda Cersey, his mortal lover. Sheriff, seen by many as
a Ventrue despite being a Brujah, also comes to the club with
some regularity. While he says he comes to spy on the
enemy, in fact he makes his appearance in order to watch all

Club Introduction 25

the Anarchs scurry out as fast as they can. Needless to say,
this has not made him popular with Brennon.

Since half the city's Ventrue come here on some kind of
a regular basis, Lodin has found the Succubus Club a
convenient place to pass along messages, meet with his
progeny and even make some plans. Unbeknownst to the
general Kindred population of Chicago, the Succubus Club
played a major role during the Council Wars of the 1980s.
From here the Ventrues spied and plotted, hatched Opera-
tion Incubator and came to lick their wounds.

Now they come to the club and savor their victory,
looking out at the defeated Anarchs from the safety of the
fourth floor lounge. At the same time, some Ventrue use the
club to make their own connections with their clan's long-
time enemies. For instance, Kevin Jackson has begun to
make friends among the rebels during his many business
trips to the dark Labyrinth. Were other Ventrue to discover
these friendships, the gang leader would claim they were
made for the purpose of gathering information, but in fact
they serve his own purposes.

Neutrals

Not every Vampire who comes to the club is part of the
War of Ages. The club attracts Kindred from across the
spectrum, and most of Chicago's Undead have come here at
least once. The club has also built up a national reputation,
bringing in Kindred from all over who happen to have any
business in the Windy City. They know that if they come to
Chicago and thirst, then the Succubus Club will take care of
them,

Among the city's inhabitants, the Toreador make up the
most common visitors aside from Anarchs and Ventrues. In
fact, they prefer the Succubus Club to any other nightclub in
town, enjoying the music, the art and the parties with more
vigor than most humans. Indeed, Annabelle Triabell has
long been known to use the club for many of her own
Purposes, including her schemes on the Primogen. The club
also operates as one of her favorite places to throw parties for
the Undead.

Two of Annabelle's Childer, Sophia and Bret, take great
pleasure in the respect and envy the mortal patrons of the
Club feel for them. Bret especially enjoys using his stunning
looks and overpowering Presence to make a young woman
fall absolutely in love with him, feed on her once during a
moment of passion, and then abandon her. Ifhecan leave her
for her best friend, so much the better.

Only two if the city's Malkavians come here at all, but
they are both regulars. Son and Evan Klein both enjoy the
club a great deal, though Son likes it for much the same
Teason as Bret does. Here he can find a host of mortals with
whom to toy, and more than one Succubus Club patron has
ended up far worse for having met the madman.

Few Gangrels or Nosferatus show up here, though you
never know which Sewer Rats might be hiding in the

shadows. The only Gangrels who appear with anything
resembling regularity are the members of the Wolf Pack,
who storm into the club at least once on any non-business
visit to Chicago. When they come to the city in the role of
Archons, however, they avoid the club like the plague,

Elders

Elders show up at the club from time to time, voluntarily
submitting themselves to the rumor and gossip mill whichis
Kindred society. The brief visit by amember of the Primogen
issure to be seen by atleast one other Vampire, and is usually
enough to send waves of speculation rippling through all in
the area. For this reason, most of Chicago's Elders avoid the
club, but for some there is no choice.

For instance, Annabelle Triabell maintains a constant
presence here, so if another Elder wishes to deal with her,
there is no better place. While the Brujah Tyler has not
ventured into the club fora year, she used to be aregular, and
others seeking her may well comehere. Theancient Nosferatu
Khalid has appeared out of the shadows of the Labyrinth in
order to meet with someone, and the wise Brujah Critias has
been known to take great pleasure in inviting other Kindred
here when he needs to deal with them and then watch them
become unsettled by the crush of humanity and the manic
action always swirling through the club. Even the Tremere
leader Nicolai, though he appears too young to enter the
club, has been seen in the fourth floor lounge talking with
Brennon.

The Competitors

The Blue Velvet, located on State Street, has been the
Succubus Club's main competitor for the business of the
Undead. While the Succubus Club has become known as a
hang-out for the Anarchs and the Toreador, Kindred rumor
has it that The Blue Velvet serves as a staging area for the
schemes of the Elders. Certainly more of Lodin's broods go
there for pleasure than visit Brennon's club. Still, this does
not make that rumor true. Indeed, one is more likely to find
members of the Primogen at the Succubus Club than they are
at the Blue Velvet. Also, a number of Anarchs, including
most of Juggler's coterie and some of the Nihilists, go to the
Blue Velvet in hopes of finding out what the other side is up.
Finally, the Blue Velvet is the best place for them to hear
Baby Chorus now that the band refuses to play the Succubus
Club.

Thus the Succubus Club has actually become as much a
haven for the establishment as it was for the Rebels, a fact
which pleases Brennon but means he risks losing both
groups should they find out. After all, the Anarchs do not
want to be seen regularly attending a place known asa place
for Elders while an Elder would be devastated were he
caught enjoying himself atan Anarch hangout. This remains
true despite the fact that both events happen with frightening
regularity.

26 Succubus Club

‘Thus Brennon has to carry on a delicate balancing act to
keep every one coming to his club and not running off to the
Blue Velvet. To help increase his chances of success, he has
begun a quiet whispering campaign against his rival. For
ammunition he uses the anonymity of the club's owner
(‘Just what do we know about this person, anyway?"), the
mysterious nature of the doorman ("Do you really trust a
member of the Canaille you cannot control?") and the club's
age ("How could anyone attend a club which still lives in the
"708?").

One thing Brennon absolutely dreads is the chance that all
his Undead clientele might leave his club for the competi-
tion, leaving him with far less opportunity to increase his
influence among the Kindred. Thus he will do anything to
ensure other Vampires come to his club instead of the Blue
Velvet.

Cast of Characters:

Brennon Thornhill — The Ventrue owner of the
Succubus Club, Brennon has discovered the club to be a
perfect place for his purposes. Originally conceived of as a
prime way to launder drug money, since his conversion the
club has given him access to limitless numbers of Blood
Dolls more than willing to serve as his Vessels. As farasthey
are concemed, sharing blood with him is the ultimate Blood
Doll experience (though none ever seem to notice that they
drink his blood). Secondly, the club quickly became a
primary hangout for Vampires of all types. Anarchs,
Ventrues, Toreadors and even Elders soon made the club a
regular part of their nightcrawling around the city. Since it
isonly on exceptionally rare nights that no other Kindred are
present, Brennon has milked his club's popularity for all itis
worth,

He makes a point of introducing himself to any unfamiliar
Kindred in the club with a smile and a handshake, offering
them them hospitality, friendship and Blood Dolls, all with
"no price and no obligation." Snake-oil salesman is a term
which springs to the minds of high-Humanity Cainites when
they first meet Brennon (he allows no Kindred to call him by
his last name). And, of course, he does eventually want
something in return. On first meeting him, however, it is
unlikely the characters will know any of this. Instead, by dint
of his high Charisma and Etiquette, he should immediately
ingratiate himself with the characters, appearing as a be-
nevolent ally whose primary interests are running the pre-
mier nightspot in Chicago and having a great time while
doing so.

Newcomers who show a great deal of class may soon find
themselves invited to the legendary penthouse parties, where
mere fantasy can quickly turn into reality. Others (Gangrel,
Nosferatu and Caitiff) will find Brennon witty, urbane and
engaging, and may never notice that they are not being
invited to those self-same parties. All Kindred will find the

club owner to be a veritable fount of information about what
goes on in Cainite society (though he never tells all he
knows). He also knows much of what goes on among the
kine and is more than willing to provide his brothers and
sisters with suitable Vessels for their feeding, as well as
places to enjoy the club's delicacies. Some Kindred even
feel indebted to him for keeping the Succubus Club open as
a place where they can live as they want to live.

In truth, Brennon never does anything for free. He never
forgets a favor he has done anyone, and the list of Kindred
in his debt is long and still growing. He avoids calling these
markers due unless he must, and for now primarily uses them
to make himself seem generous and magnanimous among
the Undead. Thus even Kindred as influential and powerful
as Capone and Annabelle Triabell seem to look upon him as
almost an equal.

Brennon might not hold this same status, however, if all
the Kindred were aware of his two greatest secrets. First of
all, it is an open secret that he is a Ventrue, scion of Lodin.
Those Kindred who have been around Chicago for a while
(Secrets Knowledge of B- or better) know this, but that
means a number of Anarchs and club goers would be
surprised to find out they have been supporting someone
who may well be reporting all they tell him back to the
prince. Most of these just naturally assume the nightclub
owner is a Toreador.

Brennon's other secret, which only one Kindred knows
and of which Brennon himself only suspects, is that his
actions are controlled by a Methuselah. Helena (Portia)
found him to be a vehicle almost crying out to be manipu-
lated. His driving ambition, combined with an actual need
for respect, brought him first to Prias' attention and then to
Helena's. They found the rich and powerful drug dealer to
be perfectly fit for their plans. Thanks to Prias' subtle
domination, Brennon decided to open a nightclub over the
spot where Helena would soon rise from Torpor. Prias also
influenced the renovation of the old warehouse to ensure her
protection.

Now Brennon serves as one of Helena's first lines of
protection, helping to keep her safe and sound. He always
confides what he learns in her, though few other Kindred
have noticed theclose relationship between the two. Brennon
has only recently come to realize that many of his actions
during the past decade may have been influenced by another
and is beginning to suspect the hand of a Methuselah playing
with his life and those of the other Chicago Kindred. He still
has no idea who it might be, though he suspects Prias may
somehow be connected to this unseen power.

Brennon's one disappointment regarding his beloved
club comes from its name. Originally conceived of as the
Succubus, an errant artist painted "Succubus Club" on the
sign and clubworkers put it up before Brennon had a chance
to see it. The name caught on so quickly that Brennon has
since been unwilling to change the sign. Still, an easy way

Club Introduction 27

to get on Brennon's good side is to call the club "Succubus" ~

and not "The Succubus Club."

Portia — More than a century ago a mighty battle rent
both heaven and earth on the sight of what is now Chicago.
At the end of it, a lone ghoul took up his ancient lover and
buried her deep in the sweet earth. For decades he kept watch
over her grave, making sure none violated it and receiving
vague telepathic commands from its occupant. And, slowly,
the great city grew up around the tomb.

Now the mighty Helena has risen from the ground and
into a world far more foreign than she thought possible.
Wary of automobiles, shocked by television and bewildered
by the mortals themselves, Helena has retreated into the
safety of the Succubus Club. Here she has made her home
since waking late last year. She loves the crowds, the music
and especially the excitement, all of which remind her of the
nights when she ruled in Pompeii.

Still, she has yet to adapt to this new age in which she
lives. Adapting the alias Portia, she has become known as a
club regular. Were you to ask anyone about her, however,
they could tell you little except that she is beautiful. Most
mortals attribute her distance to aloofness, while other
Kindred assume her reticence to interact with them is noth-
ing more than a typical neonate's fear of her betters.

Both views have the grain of truth in them, but neither is
completely on the money. She is indeed aloof, as the mortals
believe. She is also afraid, as the Kindred believe. Her
feelings of superiority come from the fact that she is indeed
smarter, stronger and more attractive than anyone around.
She is also afraid because she knows there are many would
would like little more in life than to slay her.

Thus, from the moment she rises well after sunset till the
second she closes her eyes in sleep an hour before sunrise,
she spends almost all her time in the club. Her interaction
with those who frequent the club has given her a unique
perspective for viewing the world around her. While she
herself remains a product of early Greek culture, her atti-
tudes toward the modern world have been formed from
conversations with Blood Dolls, punks and Gangstas. Thus,
while she feels the world has become more enlightened and
sophisticated, she also feels it to be far scarier. Airplanes,
nuclear weapons, television — all of these are outside her
frame of reference and all pose a threat.

As Portia, she is known asa recently arrived neonate, who
allegedly came from the Greek isles. She still has a Greek
accent, but learned enough English in the 1800s to get by.
She is smart and skilled enough to avoid slipping up and
using archaic jargon, and her conversations with the club
goers has placed her on the cutting edge of modern slang.

Still, she avoids conversations with other Kindred as
much as possible, and is careful to feign ignorance about
historical events. Since she really knows little about the real
world, however, she also tries to limit her conversation on
this topic, leaving her with little to talk about. Thus other
Kindred are correct in viewing her as timid and distant.

She does rule her minions from the club, though. Some,
like Prias, get orders directly from her. Others, like the
Brujah Tyler, receive their orders through telepathy. The
Test get their commands via these Kindred, placing Helena
at the top of the pyramid which is Chicago's Kindred.

Prias — After burying his lover deep in the dark earth
at the bottom of a well, the ghoul Prias bricked up the well
and then covered it with dirt. He then prepared himself to
stand guard, waiting for her recovery. The wait took far
longer than he had expected. During the years Helena lay in
torpor, her lover, despite his great power, could not stop this
growth, and instead decided to make the most of it.

Through his machinations, Prias managed to ensure that
the building to be constructed over his love's resting place
was built primarily of stone. Knowing that Helena's en-
emies would take any opportunity to discover her resting
place, the ghoul decided the form of the building should take
must allow him to keep watch over it without him drawing
attention to it. Thus the warehouse, with its cavernous size,
crates and infinite hiding places proved perfect for his plans.

Through the years he kept his eye on his beloved, making
certain none could disturb her rest, and taking greatest care
to remain undetected by her enemy. As the years slipped
away, Prias noticed himself drawn less and less to this duty.
He would still receive occasional telepathic commands from
the sleeping Helena, but they came to mean less and less to
him. Still, when he realized he had been Blood Bound to her
it came as a shock. Unsure of what to do, feeling betrayed
by his immortal lover, he may well have abandoned her then
and there were it not for the fact that she contacted him that
night.

Helena could feel herself starting to shake of the long
years of torpor she had gone through, and wanted to ensure
that the site of her awakening would be both safe and
exciting, a place to leam as well asa place to sleep. Sheasked
Prias to take care of the matter, and Prias, to his own surprise,
agreed.

With schemes of revenge battling images of their past
love in his brain, Prias came to the conclusion that building
Helena's haven would give him the chance for revenge, if he
ever desired to take it. This way he would know her haven
better than she herself would.

He sought out someone who would have both the money
and the inclination to bring his vision to life. He decided on
Brennon Thornhill, a rich drug dealer whose acquaintance
he had just made. With the aid of his powers of Domination,
Prias soon convinced his friend that a nightclub in Down-
town would be the perfect place from which to take care of
business. Soon the Succubus Club made its appearance over
Helena's resting place.

Now Prias spends most of his time in the club itself. There
are many days when he will remove his long coat and go to
sleep on acouch in Brennon's office. He has yet to come to
adecision about killing Helena, but has been very careful not

28 Succubus Club

j
;

to drink any of her Vite. Luckily, his lover has been so
involved with the new world and her schemes of revenge
‘against Menele that she has not noticed his change.

John Toynbee — Brennon Thornhill has begun to
have less and less hands-on control of the Succubus Club as
the years since his conversion have passed, and more and
more of the work has fallen on the slim shoulders of John
Toynbee, his friend and ally since his days as one of
Chicago's drug lords. When Brennon first started dealing as
‘a young teenager, his friend John provided the financial
backing. As Brennon became more successful, however,
John faded further and further from the picture. Indeed, it
‘was John who had to come crawling to Brennon forhelp after
spending several expensive months battling his cocaine
addiction, Brennon saw immediate value in his down-and-
out friend, and put him to work as the number two man in
‘what was to be a major money laundering operation — the
Succubus Club.

The success of the club has precluded its continued
operation as means of converting dirty money for clean, but
that has not given John Toynbee less to do. In fact, since
1985 he has found himself taking on more responsibility. He
nolongersees Brennon during the daylight hours, and his old
friend has asked him to take on more of the daytime duties
like dealing with beer distributors, booking bands and han-
dling the employees, making him de facto manager.

John has seen lot of odd things at the Succubus Club and
isstill unsure of what has happened to his old friend Brennon.
Hehas had to overcome all his old cultural prejudices to even
make vampirism a suspicion, but it is fast becoming a
suspicion he cannot avoid. Having seen the odd things
Brennon's "friends" (other Kindred) can do, John has started
to keep an eye on them for confirmation of his suspicions.
Even if he were to learn Brennon is a Vampire, however, he
feels he owes the club owner far too much to ever do
anything to oppose him.

AllJohn's attributes are two except for his Intelligence of
three. Among his abilities are an Empathy and Streetwise of
two and a Drive and Firearms of three. Feel free to give him
any other abilities (especially Knowledges) you want to. He
still has an Uzi submachine gun from his drug dealing days
which he keeps hidden in his office. While it has not been
fired in several years, John keeps it cleaned and oiled "for old
times sake."

Rex Jameson — Rex and the Succubus Club have
become synonymous in many people's minds. Among the
first bouncers hired when Brennon Thornhill opened the
club in 1982, he has stayed with it through thick and thin, and
now heads the rest of the club's "Security Team" (bouncers).
Despite his age (he was in his early 20s when he first started
working at the club), Rex remains a huge and powerful
looking man and ranks among the most fearsome kine
opponents one of the Kindred could face. While he does not
believe in the existence of the Undead, he does know that

Brennon allows some incredibly strange people a great deal
of latitude in his club. The powers which some of these
people have manifested Rex attributes to drugs, and he has
leamed to always keep an eye on Gengis. Still, once he
discovers someone has become one of Brennon's special
friends, he will allow them to get away with far more than he
would any normal patron. On occasion, these special friends
have proved especially useful in preventing fights, or stop-
ping them in record time once they have started.
AllRex'snon-physical Attributes are at two. His Strength
is four and his Dexterity and Stamina are three. He has an
Alertness of two, Athletics of three, Brawl four (with a
specialty in grapple), Dodge two, Intimidation three and
Security two. He prefers to intimidate troublemakers into
submission — a Strength + Intimidation roll — but will
resort to violence when necessary. He does his best to avoid
damage to the club, grappling whenever possible, and will
call for help from other bouncers as quickly as possible.

Kyle Ryper and Sandra Oshe — Brennon first
met Kyle and Sandra when he began dealing and they came
looking for steroids. Then teenagers, the two had already set
their sights on becoming Olympic power lifters, and
Brennon's connections proved invaluable. Both grew big
and strong, soon becoming known figures in regional
weightlifting competitions. As Brennon's operations grew
and grew, he lost track of these old friends. Then, shortly
before the Succubus Club opened, he saw them profiled on

Club Introduction 29

television during competition. He immediately sought them
out and offered them a substantial salary to work for his club
both as bouncers and as publicity — and to provide muscle
for his less legitimate enterprises.

Forthenextseveral years they worked alongside Brennon,
rarely having to use their muscle as their very mass tended
to intimidate foes into submission. Then came Brennon's
transformation into one of the Undead. Realizing that in the
future he would likely face foes more dangerous than those
he had faced before, the drug lord decided to make his trusted
bodyguards into immortal protectors — but not Vampires.
Feeding them his immortal blood would not only make them
mightier, but would also ensure their loyalty. He does not
know they have been Blood Bound to someone else.

The night after Brennon first gave them a taste of his Vitz,
Helena paid the two colossi her first late-night visit. For
three consecutive nights she fed them each a drop of her
super-potent blood, bonding them to her and greatly enhanc-
ing their natural strength before wiping any memory of the
event from their minds. Since those nights the two have fed
on Brennon's blood, but remained tied to the Methuselah,
Thus Brennon believes they continue to work at the club out
of loyalty to him, while in fact their allegiance belongs to
Helena,

In the club they provide muscle for when fights get out of
hand as well as being the most active defense against out-of-
control Kindred. Helena has quietly compelled them to seek
combat training, and now the two are more effective fighters
than the average weightlifter. Rex Jameson appreciates their
help in keeping the club under control, but he does not trust
them. Since they respond primarily to Brennon's orders and
still help him on affairs outside of the club, Jameson has little
control over them. Of course, only Helena has real control
of them.

Both weightlifters have Strengths of four and Dexterities
and Staminas of three. All their other Attributes are two.
They both have Brawl and Intimidation of three, Streetwise
of one and Security of one, as well as Potence two, Celerity
one and Fortitude one. Both are huge individuals, extremely
heavily muscled and rock hard.

Other Bouncers — The Succubus Club generally has
five to 10 bouncers on duty, though Toynbee will hire more
for special events. Half spend their time in the basement and
the other half patrol the ground floor, with Rex Jameson
generally taking the cover charge and manning the front door
with the assistance of one other. Rarely do any bouncers
make their way to the balcony. In event of trouble anywhere,
‘one or two bouncers will try to take care of it. If the problem
seems beyond their ability, then Rex will wade in. If things
are beyond even his capabilities (a rare event) then Brennon
Thornhill himself will appear to calm things down.

The average bouncer has Attributes of two except for a
three Strength. The only exceptional Abilities they all have
are Brawl and Alertness scores of two. They are unarmed
and wear black T-shirts with black pants, though any work-

ing the door onacold night will wear a black satin jacket with
"Succubus Club" written across the back.

Bartenders — While Brennon made an early push to
hire highly skilled bartenders, his interest in this angle of his
business seems to have drained away since 1985. John
Toynbee has ensured that the balcony bars are always served
by well-trained mixologists, but the rest of the club's bars
seem to be in a catch-as-catch-can situation. Whenever
Brennon throws a party in the penthouse, however, one can
be ensured only the city's best bartenders will do. On
occasion Toynbee will hire someone of particular talents to
work the large ground floor bar, but for the most part friends
of bouncers and other employees staff the club's bars.

Unless you need the bartenders to be especially skilled,
consider them to have all Attributes at two and a Knowledge
of bartending at one. Their likelihood to know a particular
drink requires them to roll Intelligence + Bartending against
the drink's difficulty (four for martinis, 10 for a Screaming
Viking).

Waitresses — While Brennon has not done much to
ensure the skill of his bartenders, he has gone to great lengths
to maintain the quality of his waitresses. He has no com-
punction against hiring them away from his competitors and
looks as much for skill as he does appearance. When he first
turned into one of the Undead, he swore to himself he would
never feed on his workers, but as the years have faded away,
so has that vow. He still limits using them as donors as much
as possible, but on occasion (especially when an especially
Pretty one has been hired) he cannot help himself.

Waitresses have Attributes of two everywhere except in
Dexterity and Appearance, both of which are rated at three.
Aside from whatever skills you want an individual waitress
tohave, they all have the Talent of Waitressing ataminimum
of two.

Kindred Regulars — Many of the Undead aside
from those listed above have made the Succubus Club oneof
their regular haunts. They come to the Succubus notonly for
the easily obtained Vite but for the same reasons humans
stop in at the neighborhood bar — to relax among those like
themselves. Since there are so many Kindred at the club,
Vampires gain a great deal of pleasure in relaxing their
disguise here after a hard night of maintaining the Masquer-
ade. In addition, the club's pleasures do not stop here. There
are Blood Dolls to laugh at, schemes to uncover and dancing
tobedone. Allin all, there are more reasons for the Kindred
to go to the Succubus Club than there are to stay away.

Among the Undead from Chicago by Night who come
here on a semi-regular basis are Hank Cave, Theodore
Dooley, Balthazar (but only to scout out the Anarchs —
never suggest to his face that he has fun here), Levesque,
Damien, Gengis, Gordon Keaton, Malcolm, Son, Evan
Klein (usually in his Raymond Falcon personality, though
you might want to give him a Blood Doll personality — what
will a character do when she starts to feed on a Vessel and
then discovers she has drunk from a Kindred?), Annabelle,

30 Succubus Club

iia Ayes, Bret Stryker, Garwood Marshall, Capone,
makes an appearance, while Elucid has begun to repre-
the Nosferatu thanks to his ability with One Thousand
aces. Still uncomfortable out in the open, however, he
to the Labyrinth and goes primarily to meet other
Some notable absences from the club include the
‘Toreador Maria, the Brujah Tyler and the band Baby Chorus.
Helena slew Maria upon first rising from Torpor, a fact
- which no Kindred in the city are aware of. Via their Blood
Bond, Helena also ordered Tyler, who used to attend regu-
larly, to stay away out of a fear the Brujah would recognize
her. Finally, the members of Baby Chorus stopped playing
hereafter being swamped by a wave of adoring Blood Dolls.
Now completely fed up with the movement, they refuse to
play here as long as it is a Blood Doll hangout. All the
members of the band except Kathy Glens still go here,
however, and there are always rumors floating about that
Brennon has convinced them to play his club again.

Blood Doll — The average Blood Doll is between the
ages of 16and 25, with few on the outside of thisrange. From
primarily middle and upper-class families, they look at
everything around them with a bored indifference derived
from apast of useless luxury anda future of empty goals. For
these students, aspiring artists and dispassionate dilettantes,
nights of dancing, alcohol, sex and blood give them at least
a temporary purpose.

The average Blood Doll has Attributes of two, though it
is not too uncommon to find one with Social or Mental
j Attributes of three. They have no special Abilities except for
aSubterfuge of one (they have become exceptionally skilled
at lying to their parents, teachers and even each other), a
Drive of one or two and a Dance Skill of two. Those who
share blood (the true Blood Dolls as far as they are con-
cerned) usually carry small, sharp knives with a difficulty of
5and a damage of Strength + 1. Most would never think of
using these in a fight, however, as the blades have usually
never been used for anything other than cutting themselves
so they can drink from one another.

William Killigrew — One of the more well known
Blood Dolls is William Killigrew, who has quietly shared
blood with several hundred different people. A skinny youth
of average height, no one can remember seeing him attired
in anything other than the finest of tight black Z. Cavaricci
jackets, scarlet silk shirts, ultra-tight black pants and high-
heeled boots. His collection of silver jewelry leaves his
fellow Blood Dolls to shame, and his make up has been
applied well enough to have been done by a Broadway
master.

Killigrew's fame does not rest purely upon the amount of
people he has shared blood with. He flits from place to place
in the club, spending little time in anyone area but talking to
everyone. Despite Killigrew's perpetual look of elegant
disdain, people find it easy to talk to him. Slowly he has
amassed a wealth of knowledge about the club's regulars,
though the chance of him sharing this knowledge freely is
slim.

For this reason, no one in the club is aware that he knows
about the existence of the Kindred. Annabelle Triabell,
Brennon, Sophia and a number of the Anarchs have all fed
off him at one point or another. From them he has begun to
gain an understanding of what Vampires really are, some-
thing which may prove catastrophic for some.

Several weeks ago, the Holcombs, old family friends of
the Killigrew's, were brutally slain. The Blood Doll now
spends much of his time on the lookout for a young black
man he suspects was the Vampire who slew the family. The
next time he sees Damien, things will click in his brain,
Killigrewasa hunter could be deadly to the Kindred commu-
nity despite his lack of combat training. His knowledge and
his position among those they see as the least threatening
kine could well prove enough to make up for this lack. Were
he to meet Neon (Jimmy Holcomb) things may change, but
by then it might be too late.

Killigrew has Attributes of two except for a three Intelli-
gence and Charisma and a four Appearance. Other than the
typical Blood Doll abilities, he also has a Melee of one, an
Occult and Streetwise of two and a Subterfuge and Chicago
Knowledge of three.

Club Introduction 31



Konabelles Party

"And now the torch
And shadows lead

Sisters of Mercy, "Torch"

‘There is little worse than underestimating a foe, espe-
cially one with as much potential as a Cainite Elder. Few
Vampires (other than Malkavians) can get away with play-
ing dumb, but those who can gain a decided advantage over
their Kindred.

Thus, whena Vampire thought to bea dolt appears to have
mortally embarrassed one of Chicago's leaders, the whole
City flies into a frenzy. However, it is up to the characters to
discover whether the dolt has become a puppeteer . . . or just

a puppet.
How To Run Tuis
SToRY

The story makes up a single chapter, and falls into five
Scenes summarized below. It is designed to be played in a
single game session, but can be developed to take longer if
you wish.

After an opening crescendo in which several embarrass-
ing practical jokes are played on a member of the Primogen,
the story becomes one of investigation — with the added
dimension of time pressure, as the players try to discover
what is going on and find the person responsible before
anyone else can. The majority of the story consists of pure
roleplaying, with little or no combat and few dice rolls of
other kinds. The story ends with a hiatus, which may be too
much of an anticlimax for some players' tastes; you are
encouraged to develop things from this point on if you wish,
using the information presented here as a springboard.

Annabelle's Party

Written by Graeme Davis, Illustrated by Gail Van Voorhis

Were it not so black and hard to see
How can it help you when you don't know what you need
How can anybody set you free?"

THE PLOT

Scene One: Annabelle Triabell is hosting a party at the
Succubus Club. Some characters will have been lucky
enough to have been invited; others will be elsewhere in the
club. A series of humiliating events turns the party into a
shambles, leaving Annabelle looking extremely foolish be-
fore the prominent Kindred of Chicago and a number of
distinguished Toreador visitors from elsewhere.

Scene Two: Having stepped in to prevent the party from
degenerating into a brawl, the attending Elders examine the
events closely and conclude that they are connected. Else-
where in the club, gossip is spreading like wildfire and a
number of Kindred are coming to the same conclusion.
Various interested parties indulge themselves in a little
scene-of-the-crime investigation.

Scene Three: Clues, gossip and guesswork all seem to
point to the rail baron Edgar Drummond, who was not
present at the party. Lodin summons Drummond to attend
him to explain himself, buta number of interested parties are
trying to reach Drummond before the Prince does. Some,
convinced that his attack on Annabelle was a declaration of
war, want to sound him out about possible alliances; others,
similarly convinced, want to take vengeance of their own, or
protect the status quo. Still others want to question him and
find out precisely what is going on. Each group has antici-
pated the probable existence of most of the others, and each
is trying to stop anyone else getting to Drummond first.

Scene Four: Having found Drummond and gained an
audience, the problem is to determine what is going on. He
himself is convinced that the events at the party were all his

33

own idea and that the whole business is a simple matter of
revenge; however, he is merely a pawn used by the financier
Horatio Ballard in a subtle bid for power. If the characters
decide that someone is manipulating Drummond, they may
have toconvince Drummond himself of this before enquiries
can progress any further. The rail baron's quirky personality
will complicate any dealings with him enormously.

Coda: Any apparent progress in cracking the case draws
the attention of Ballard, who responds by setting various
taps and obstacles in the investigators' path. The Coda
includes notes on the possible directions the story can take
from this starting-point.

Wnuat Is REALLY
GoInc ON

Annabelle' s Partyconcerns an attempt by Horatio Ballard
to embarrass and discredit Annabelle Triabell. This attempt
ispartofalargerplan to weaken her position in the Primogen,
which in turn is one of several means by which Ballard hopes
eventually to become a member of the Primogen himself.

Not wishing to act directly against Annabelle, Ballard
found an ideal tool in Edgar Drummond, the reclusive and
eccentric master of Chicago's rail system. Flattering him
constantly about the importance of rail transport to the city's
economy and the obvious stupidity of those who failed to

realize this, Ballard gave Drummond the idea of sponsoring
a multi-media railroad festival. This event would surely
convince Kindred and kine alike of the importance of
Drummond's domain, giving him increased respect and
prestige among the Kindred of Chicago.

Drummond was delighted with the idea, which he soon
came to believe was entirely his own. Through various
Tetainers, the festival began to take shape. Several prominent
galleries showed special exhibitions of railroad art. The
Philharmonic played a special concert featuring such rail-
oriented pieces as The Coronation Scot.. Movie theaters
showed special features ranging from Casey Jones and
Murder on the Orient Express to European art films like
Subway and Closely Observed Trains. TV stations joined in
with documentaries, movies and feature programmes, Fora
full week, Chicago went train crazy.

There was even talk of building a massive National
Museum of Rail Transportation in Chicago, extending the
site of the Historic Pullman Foundation and moving collec-
tions in from the Illinois Railway Museum in Union City, the
National Railroad Museum in Green Bay and the Smithsonian
Institution.

Of course, such an event could scarcely happen withouta
visit from Annabelle and her Toreador cohorts. As Ballard
had anticipated, the Toreadors treated the whole rail festival
with amused contempt — after all, since none of them had
had a hand in it, how could it have any merit? At the closing
concert, Annabelle made some superciliouscomments about
"a childish diversion" as opposed to "true art", with the
predictable result that Drummond flew into a rage, and
stalked out swearing revenge.

In the course of commiserating with his "friend", Ballard
subtly planted some ideas in Drummond's mind. He did not
need to use Domination or any other Discipline; Drummond
seized eagerly on the merest hint in Ballard's conversation,
and convinced himself that the ideas were his own. Those
ideas are now about to come to fruition at a party which
Annabelle is holding in the private lounge of the Succubus
Club to celebrate the anniversary of her Change.

Using Drummond, Ballard intends to have a number of
embarrassing things happen to Annabelle at the party. He
knows that her previous attempts to impress fellow-Torea-
dors (and indeed, Kindred in general) have been failures, and
plans to capitalize on this weakness. The idea is to humiliate
Annabelle, increasing widespread doubts about her suitabil-
ity to sit on the Primogen.

Since Drummond has been convinced that the planned
events are his own ideas rather than Ballard's, the financier
is theoretically shielded from any recriminations or unpleas-
ant consequences — the world at large will see only a feud
between Drummond and Annabelle, in which the petty and
childish rail baron is seen to score several palpable hits
against the supposedly refined and sophisticated Toreador
leader. Annabelle's standing will take a severe knock, pav-
ing the way for a number of other plans which Ballard is

34 Succubus Club


j

i

: ‘The theme of this story is a variation on the overall theme
‘Chicago as expounded in Chicago by Night — Nothing

‘Is As It Seems — with the added dimension that You Never

~ See The Whole Picture. Everything is part of a greater whole.
"The events of this story are themselves only a small part of

_ Ballard's campaign to undermine Annabelle, which in turn
is only a part of his strategy for elevating himself to the
Primogen, which itself is simply a means to various ends of

Atall times, the players must feel that they only have part
ofthe picture. They must always feel that the whole truth is
eluding them, that there is more to discover and that at least
some of what they think they know is false. Uncertainty isthe
order of the day.

‘A secondary theme, which may emerge during play, is
that Information Is Power. This was not planned in the
original design of this story, but has emerged in the process
of writing. Access to information (or to people who can
obtain it) is the single most valuable asset the characters can
have in completing this story successfully. Characters who
take the trouble to befriend Bobby Weatherbottom in the
early stages can have a much easier ride through this story,
and an invaluable resource for later.

ss — eee
Moop

The Mood of this story is a mixture of comedy and
tension; ideally, the two should throw each other into sharp
relief. The events of the party are comical, unless you happen
to be Annabelle, but their implications are more sinister.
Someone is attacking the leader of a major clan — why? Is
ita childish revenge, as it seems, or part of a greater plan?
What is the goal of this plan — to discredit an individual, to
destabilize a clan, or to throw the Kindred of Chicago into
civil war, weakening them before a more direct attack by an
outside foe?

Being such compulsive plotters themselves, Vampires,
and especially members of the more "respectable" clans, are
easy prey to conspiracy-theory panic. Imaginations will
quickly run riot, and give rise to hysteria and conflict. It is
this rising hysteria, and the increasing threat of some violent
outburst leading to general anarchy, which provides this
story with its tension. As the players uncover a new connec-
tion, they must feel time pressure on their characters to
follow it up before anyone else can do so, for only they have
sufficient objectivity: they must find the criminal before the
lynch-mob does.

Wuat A SWELL PARTY

The story opens with Annabelle's party in full swing in
the private third-floor lounge of the Succubus Club. As
usual, everyone who is anyone (at least in Annabelle's eyes)
is here. Annabelle is surrounded by her normal clique of
Partygoers.

‘The entire scene takes place in the third-floor lounge of
the Succubus Club. For the party, the lounge has been
cleared of furniture, apart from a number of chairs arranged
around the walls, a grand piano in one corner, a small stage
with a curtain and a cd player filling most of one end, anda
black marble plinth holding the veiled "sculpture" (see But
isit Art? below) somewhere towards the center of the room.

Getting In

Admission is by invitation only, and for once no mortals
are present. The celebration of Annabelle's Change is a
Kindred affair, and she intends that, after she has presented
various artworks and entertainments and received the ap-
plause and admiration of all present, some serious politick-
ing will take place.

Annabelle's Party 35

Toreador characters will automatically receive a taste-
fully-printed invitation to the party; though others may do if
they have shown an interest in the arts. The Storyteller can
decide which characters are invited, or have players make a
roll for those characters who are trying to wangle an invita-
tion. A suitable roll is Manipulation + Art, against a diffi-
culty of 8 (9 for Nosferatu) — Annabelle wants this to be a
select gathering. A single success is enough to be invited.

Characters who are not invited can take no part in this
scene, but no matter — there are ample chances to become
involved later on. A great many Kindred are at the Succubus

Club tonight; Prince Lodin and several of the Elders will be
attending the party, and their presence attracts several Kin-
dred who want to request boons, ask advice, or just bask in
their reflected glory. Newly-created characters might be
brought here by their Sires, who wish to present them to the
Prince; newcomers from out of town will be here to an-
nounce their arrival.

This scene lends itself to live roleplaying particularly
well; although the key events (particularly Bret and Sophia's
dance) should only be attempted by those with a strong taste
for such things, the scene as a whole contains a great deal of
unscripted interaction and very little rolling of dice.

Key Events

There are four plot elements to this scene; essentially they
break the scene itself down into four subsections or events,
In addition to these scripted events, you should encourage
players to get to know the other guests, and promote unscripted
interaction between characters. Most of this will probably be
inconsequential party talk, but there are also valuable oppor-
tunities tomake contactsand gather information. If this story
is used as part of a greater whole — such as the "Forged in"
Steel" Chronicle, for instance — then many characters will
have their own agendas to pursue, and attending the party
will be a means to an end for them. The party should take at
least an hour or two of game time before it falls apart; the four
events presented here are scarcely enough to fill twenty
minutes.

The one thing you should avoid at all costs is having
characters just standing around waiting for something to
happen, with the players aware that their characters are at the
party only because this is where the story begins.

Event One: Happy Families

The ongoing feud between Sharon and Michael Payne is
well-known to most of the city's Kindred; soa few eyebrows
are raised when they both arrive, within minutes of each
other. Annabelle normally takes great care to avoid scenes at
her parties by inviting only one Payne, or neither. This time,
though, she seems to have slipped up.

Fora while, the two avoid each other, but eventually they
fall into a heated argument about who should have declined
the invitation in order to preventa scene. This develops into
a loud debate about whether or not a scene is currently in
progress, and if so who is to blame. Annabelle, looking
extremely embarrassed, takes the two of them toone side and
tries to smooth things over. Eventually, both Paynes stalk
out. Comments are made behind her back about Annabelle's
apparent inability to keep her own progeny in line.

Event Two: Unspeakable Acts

Having dealt with the fight between the Paynes, Annabelle
regains her composure and makesa short speech welcoming,
everyone to the party. She promises that there are fine
entertainments ahead, along with the unveiling of a most
exciting piece of sculpture by one of her mortal protegés.
First, she announces a short dance by Sophia Ayes: charac-
ters may be able to detect a slight nervousness about her
voice, and some may remember that Sophia has disap-
pointed her in the past.

Sophia takes to an improvised stage which has been set up

at one end of the lounge. Before her performance starts, she
too makes a brief announcement:

"Um, before I get started, folks, I' d just like to say - well,

most of youknow me, andI' msure alot of youthink youknow
what you' re gonna see. Well, thisis different - very different.

36 Succubus Club

Far as] know, it's never been done before. An' it's just for
Annabelle. So - oh yeah, an' Bret's gonna help me out.
Bret?"

Bret Stryker, who has been acting as doorman, comes up
to the stage and Sophia punches the "play" button on a cd
deck set up at one side of the stage. Suitable music for the

would be We Are The Dead by David Bowie
(from Diamond Dogs), or almost anything by Dead Can
Dance: Host of the Seraphim from The Serpent's Egg, De
Profundis from Spleen and Ideal ot Saltarello from Aion are
especially recommended, depending on the precise tone the
Storyteller wishes to set for the performance.

Sophia is trying to achieve two things with this perfor-
mance — firstly, to rekindle Annabelle's interest in her by
doing something with real artistic merit; and secondly, to
shock and startle the Vampire community, who treat her
with amused tolerance rather than the lust and awe she used
to inspire in mortals.

The piece she and Bret perform in honor of Annabelle's
Change certainly shocks the assembled Kindred. It begins as
afairly standard classically-inspired pas de deux, performed
moderately well but not brilliantly. There are a couple of
suppressed chuckles as the dancers begin to shed their
clothes. Then Sophia pulls Bret savagely towards her, and
sinks her teeth deep into his neck. He responds by grasping
her wrist and doing the same. The performance becomes
what might almost be called Vampiric pornography — two
Kindred feeding continuously off each other, clothed only in
streams of each other's Blood.

Annabelle is horrified. Most of the audience are shocked
and embarrassed, and many, despite having fed before
coming to the club, are disturbed by the sight of so much
Blood, presented in such a fashion. Sophia was right about
what turns a Vampire on, but the audience's reaction is not
atall what she had hoped.

For the second time, Annabelle has been shown up by her
own progeny. Her expression and tone of voice are enough
to send Sophia and Bret scuttling from the room clutching
their discarded clothing, and acurtain is hastily drawn across
the blood-spattered stage.

Event Three: But is it Art?

Now visibly shaken, Annabelle proceeds to the unveiling
of the sculpture. It is an interesting piece with an industrial-
art feel, and it does not fall apart, become abusive, ooze
blood or do anything else unexpected. Annabelle's out-of-
town visitors gather round the piece with mild interest, and
she quickly warms to her subject, waxing eloquent about the
exciting talent of the young mortal sculptor she has discov-
ered,

In fact, the piece is a governor mechanism from a steam
locomotive - a joke which Drummond simply could not
resist, especially after Annabelle's acid comments about
trains and their lack of artistic merit. Sooner or later, some-

Annabelle's Party

‘one will recognize this fact and point out to Annabelle that
she has been deceived.

‘The actual staging of this is up to the Storyteller. Player
characters have had little direct involvement in events so far,
and might have a chance to spot the sculpture's true nature
(Perception + Science or Engineering, difficulty 7). Or one
of Annabelle's guests might ask about the artistic signifi-
cance of a die-stamp reading "Excelsior Locomotive Works,
Union City, It".

To vary the pace of this scene, this event might be placed
first, with the two preceding events taking place before the
truth about the "sculpture" is discovered.

Event Four: Nevohteeb?

This event should be kept for last; itis the climax to which
the other disasters have been building.

Annabelle is now thoroughly rattled, and desperate for
some way to make up for these embarrassments. She heads
for the grand piano which is in one corner of the lounge. Her
comment about doing things yourself if you want them done
properly tries to be light and witty, but comes outas strained
and brittle. Opening a sheaf of sheet-music, she begins to
play — a quirky but interesting piece, whose first few bars
gain nods of guarded approval from the visiting Toreadors.
The crowd begins to gravitate towards the piano.

37

Tamoszius, who has taken no part in the proceedings up
to now, seems transfixed by the music. He listens intently,
hishead cocked on one side and his brow furrowed. Annabelle
notices his reaction from the corner of her eye, and swells
visibly. After she has finished the piece, there is tentative
applause from the guests. Now radiant, the past embarrass-
ments forgotten, Annabelle excitedly answers questions
about a young musical protegé of hers — "DESPERATELY
in love with me, the poor lamb; he sends me the sweetest
notes calling me his Muse" — who composed the piece
especially for her.

Annabelle's momentof triumph is shattered by Tamoszius.
Still deep in thought, but with a purposeful light in his eye,
he strides over to the piano violin in hand, turns the sheet-
music upside-down, and begins to play — a sickeningly
familiar piece of classical music, such as Beethoven's Fifth,
Sixth or Ninth Symphony. Annabelle's gift was nothing
more than an inverted popular classic.

Fora moment there is stunned silence, broken only by the
sound of Tamoszius' violin. Annabelle stands as if staked,
her eyes and mouth wide open in shock. Then, a barely-
suppressed chuckle comes from the back of the crowd. And
another. And another. Even Lodin cannot hidea smile, and
soon some guests are howling with laughter, tears of Blood
rolling down their cheeks.

Something snaps inside Annabelle. This humiliation is
the final straw, and she goes into Frenzy. With a bestial cry
she hurls herself at Tamoszius, and will kill or maim him

Characters

Apart from Annabelle, the following characters will be at
the party:

Sophia Ayes, until her dance;

Bret Stryker, who acts as doorman until Sophia's
dance;

Tamoszius, who sits to one side looking bored until
Annabelle begins to play;

Kathy Glens, Garwood Marshall and
Raymond Falcon, whokeep pretty much to themselves;

Bobby Weatherbottom, who sits to one side ig-
nored by all, reading the latest copy of MacUser;

Lodin, accompanied by Lorraine;
Capone, who comes and leaves early;

Brennon Thornhill, who manages to attend only
about half the party, spending the other half attending to
matters in the club;

Critias, Nicolai and DuSable, who spend a while
discussing philosophy among themselves;

Helena, in her guise as the Toreador Neonate Portia,
spends a while on the receiving end of pointed comments by
Sophia, who believes Portia has replaced her in Annabelle's
affections;

Optionally, a couple of prominent Toreadors from out of
town, toincrease Annabelle'shumiliation (if stats are needed,
use Annabelle's, varying scores by a point here or there as
you like);

..and such player characters as have been invited.

Details of alll attending NPCs can be found in Chicago by
Night.

SCENE Two:
ANOTHER FINE MEss

Annabelle's attack on Tamoszius marks the start of an-
other scene. The party is emphatically at an end, and people
Start trying to make sense of the things that have happened.

This is the point at which characters who were not invited
to the party can enter the action; as word of the disaster
spreads through the club and beyond, characters can be
prompted by curiosity, concern or instructions from clan
Elders to investigate.

Annabelle is pried away from Tamoszius and calmed
down; order ofa sort is restored. Annabelleis led away toone
of the club's private rooms by Lodin, Critias and Nicolai;
word is sent to the other members of the Primogen that an
emergency session is called for. The lounge is cleared, and
word begins to spread through the Kindred in the club (and,
in due course, the city) of whatis going on. Itmay be possible
todoalittle scene-of-the-crime detective work,and discover
or deduce the link with Drummond.

This scene starts with Annabelle being pulled off
Tamoszius, and ends when one or more player characters
decide there is a link with Drummond.

Getting Involved

Most characters will need little encouragement to inves-
tigate this bizarre sequence of events. Aside from idle
curiosity, many characters will be motivated by the incipient
paranoia which characterizes so many of the Kindred's
dealings with each other — they will need to know what is
going on, in order to assure themselves that they are notnext
on the list.

And then again, there could be a significant political
advantage to be gained by solving the mystery; the charac-
ters could place a clan leader and Primogen member in their
debt, as well as gaining the notice and gratitude of the Prince
for helping avert a potentially very unstable situation.

Even so, it is possible that some characters may decide to
leave the situation alone, or may need some more direct

38 Succubus Club


encouragement to participate in the story. Here are a few
ideas, for use if need be.

Clan leaders may actually instruct some characters to
become involved. No NPC Nosferatu are present at the
party, and Khalid will be burning to know what is going on.
Player character Nosferatu will be more or less ordered to
find out, and will have the opportunity to liaise with NPC
Nosferatu in later scenes. Ventrue might well be ordered by
Lodin to begin an investigation of their own while he and the
Primogen try to thrash things out in their emergency session.
‘Tremere, likewise, may be instructed by Nicolai to establish
the truth, with the added caution that they disguise their
activity until things become clearer.

Anarch characters, as well as Brujah of all affiliations and
Caitiffs who are widely regarded as potential Anarchs, may
have an even more pressing reason to investigate. Accusa-
tions will be flying, and most of them will be directed at the
Anarch movement. It is obvious that the situation could very
easily flare up into a witch-hunt, with Anarchs and suspected
Anarchs on the receiving end. The characters may need to
clear the Anarchs (or themselves personally) in order to
survive.

This incentive can be communicated to players by staging
afewrun-ins with furious Ventrue and Toreadors both inside
and outside the club; these NPCs will hold the characters
personally responsible for the attempted destabilization of
Chicago — no matter how unreasonable that may seem —
and may even attack the characters outright. "Sheriff"
Balthazar is an ideal character to run into just outside the
club: "Weeellll, now, what have we here? Looks to me like
abunch of goddam Anarchs fleein' the scene of their crime.
What do you say, Kyle?'

The Rail Link

Firstly, a character with a Secrets rating of B or better (see
Chicago by Night, p. 54) will be aware of the recent falling-
out between Annabelle and Drummond. If you wish to make
adice roll of it, roll Perception + Secrets against a difficulty
of6. The number of successes indicates the amount of detail
known: 1 success lets a character know that Annabelle
insulted Drummond in some way, and 5 or more successes
lets a character know the whole story, apart from Ballard's
involvement.

Obviously, once this is known it is reasonable to deduce
that Drummond somehow introduced the steam locomotive
governor "sculpture" into proceedings, but evidence for
other involvement is more tenuous.

Documentary Evidence

Quick-thinking characters may be able to examine both
the Paynes' invitations and the sheet-music containing the
upside-down Beethoven before the lounge is cleared.

Bret Stryker was taking guests' invitations as they ar-
rived, and they now lie in a small pile on a chair beside the
door. A successful roll of Perception + Alertness or Percep-
tion + Investigation (difficulty 8) reveals that one invitation
—addressed to Sharon Payne — is an excellent copy, butis
printed ona slightly different grade of paper to all the others.
The difficulty drops to 6 if a character has any prior experi-
ence of the printing or publishing industries.

‘There is no printer' s address or other identifying mark on
any of the invitations; a roll of Intelligence + Investigation
will inform a character that, given a few months of detective
work, it might be possible to track down the printer of
Sharon's invitation through examining the watermark, go-
ing back to the manufacturer, and painstakingly questioning
every printer to whom that manufacturer has sold paper in
the last year or so.

The upside-down Beethoven — which lies forgotten on
the piano — is acomputer printout. A successful roll against
Perception + Computer may enable a character to narrow
down its possible source. Characters who have the presence
of mind to enlist Bobby Weatherbottom's help here will get
the full information for free, and probably make a friend of
him for showing interest and treating him like a worthwhile
person.

1 success tells the character that the output is from a fairly
sophisticated personal computer.

Annabelle's Party y

2 successes narrows the probable range down to the IBM
PC and compatible machines, or the Apple Macintosh. With
a machine of this calibre, a sophisticated music processor
can easily turn the notation of a piece of music upside-down.
The notation itself can be entered by keyboard (QWERTY
or piano), or even transferred from a performance or record-
ing of the piece, via a MIDI interface. The whole process
would only take an hour or two, including printing time.

3 successes indicate the Mac.

4 or more successes allow the character to identify the
software used: a music processor and MIDI interface pro-
gram called Encore, which costs around $400 and can be
obtained from any good mail order software dealer and some
of the larger stores,

Mortal Pawns

Some characters might try to track down the mortal
sculptor and musician whose alleged works have caused so
much trouble. This will be a first step for a lot of interested
Kindred, so the characters will have to work fast, or decide
to dispense with the pawns and head straight for the player.

It might be possible to discover the name and address of
Annabelle's musical protegé. Tamoszius and Kathy have
both met him, and might be persuaded to reveal his name to
a fellow-Toreador whom they are convinced will act in the
best interests of all concerned. Although Annabelle does not

publicize his existence widely (before tonight), a successful
roll against Perception + Secrets (difficulty 6 for Toreadors,
8 for others) might give a character some information:

1 success gives the name Jack Weiss.

2 successes reveal that he lives somewhere on the North
Side.

3 successes narrows this down to the Lincoln Park area,

4 successes give the full address near DePaul University.

Visiting this individual will elicit little information — he
remembers nothing of Drummond's visit and Domination,
although a stronger Domination or deep hypnosis might
reveal something.

A similar procedure might be used to find the sculptor,
one Janet Majors of Old Town. No one has met this mortal,
but characters who have been close to Annabelle might be
able to remember some details. The roll is the same, but the
difficulty is 8 for Toreadors and 10 for others. Again, she has
been Dominated by Drummond into believing that the work
was original and done especially for Annabelle, but a stron-
ger Domination or deep hypnosis might reveal something of
the truth.

Dancers in Disgrace

Characters might also track down Sophia and Bret before
they leave the club, and attempt to question them. Both are
embarrassed and angry at their failure, and will not be
willing to cooperate with an investigation unless characters
can show them some form of authority, or compel them in
some other way.

And in fact, they have nothing to add to the investigation.
Neither Drummond nor Ballard has any connection with
their performance, which was entirely Sophia's own idea.
She was genuinely trying to develop an erotic art dance form
which would appeal to Vampires; her only fault lies in bad
judgement. The dance is a red herring.

Meanwhile...

Out in the main body of the club, rumors are beginning to
spread with amazing speed. It is already known that the
absent members of the Primogen have been sent for, and that
an emergency meeting is in progress. Characters emerging
from the lounge are likely to be seized upon and pumped for
information by the first Cainite who sees them; some will
already be receiving orders from their leaders, or starting
investigations on their own account. Here isa brief summary
of the interested parties:

Toreadors will be trying to find out who is behind this
sequence of events. Some will want to avenge this slight to
their leader, while others will want to size up both parties
before taking sides.

Tremeres will want to know whether this is simply a feud
between Drummond and Annabelle, or a strike at the clan

40 Succubus Club

dor, or an attempt to destabilize the Primogen and
30 as a whole.
eratu will be asking much the same questions as the

_ Ventrue will suspect immediately that this is some kind
‘Anarch plot, and refuse to believe that Drummond was
tually involved; to them, this is the work of Anarchs taking

ge of the dispute between Annabelleand Drummond
"in order to frame the rail baron and attract attention away
themselves,

_ Anarchs will probably believe much the same as the
~ Ventrue; while they do not know whoisresponsible, they are
‘convinced that whoever itis might belong to another Anarch
‘group, or be secretly in sympathy with the Anarchs. As well
as wanting to shake this individual by the hand, they may
well be interested in negotiating terms for an alliance.
Malkavians will probably not be present, apart from

Falcon. They will view theevents with some amusement, but

will have no desire to become more involved.

Gangrels will be disinterested at first, but may feel
moved to investigate if they decide that there is a risk to the
Kindred at large. For now, most of them will wait for some
word from Inyanga before taking any action.

‘These attitudes will color any dialogue that takes place
between player characters and NPCs at this stage; they may
also provide individual player characters with some motiva-
tion for investigating further.

As Storyteller, be aware that just as player characters may
want to question NPCs, so NPCs will want to pump player
characters for information. This will become important later
oninthe story, as various factionsrace tocontact Drummond
first. Obviously a group of characters from a variety of clans

will have the best chance for success, if they do not end up
blaming each other first.

Characters

The characters for this scene are much the same as for
Scene One: Lodin and the attending members of the Primogen
are closeted in emergency session, and other Kindred may be
encountered in the club at the Storyteller's discretion. No
specific new characters are needed —select from Chapter
Four of Chicago by Night, or add new Cainites as desired.

SCENE THREE:
THE CHASE

This scene begins when one or more characters have
made the connection with Drummond, and ends when they
arrive at his Haven to question him. The scene is one of
tension rather than comedy; the characters must find the
location of Drummond's Haven and race to contact him
before anyone else can.

Even now others are coming to the same conclusions that
the characters have reached; some may even be ahead of

them. The longer the characters take over this scene, the
harder it will be for them. More interested parties will have
entered the race, each group will have anticipated the exist-
ence of some or all of the others, and each group will by
trying to make sure that it gets to Drummond first, sowing
delays and distractions in the path of others.

The action of this scene falls into two categories: firstly,
the characters' efforts to find out where they can reach
Drummond; and secondly, the obstacles they encounter en
route to question the rail baron.

Advance to Drummond

It is possible that one or more characters may actually
know where Drummond's Haven is located; this would give
the characters an undeniable edge in the ensuing chase. Let
each character roll Intelligence + Secrets against a difficulty
of 8.

1 success tells the character that the rail baron's Haven is
somewhere close by a hub of the rail system.

2 successes add the information that it is ina warehouse.

3 successes place the warehouse in a marshalling-yard
(although characters could come to that conclusion indepen-
dently, by common sense combined with a knowledge of
how railroads work).

4 successes place the marshalling-yards near Union Sta-
tion.

5 or more successes give a fairly precise location for the
warehouse, plus a rough description of the outside of the
building, from: which it can easily be identified.

No Forwarding Address

Finding out the location of Drummond's Haven is going
to be a difficult task, especially now that so many people
want to get there before anyone else. Very few of Chicago's
Kindred know the Haven's precise location, and few of those
will be inclined to reveal this information to just anyone.
Some will simply refuse to answer questions, and some will
lie to send the characters off in the wrong direction — the
first in a series of professional fouls they will encounter in
this scene.

The first problem is to find someone who knows the
location of Drummond's Haven. Very few of Chicago's
Kindred are privy to that information.

Lodin, Drummond's Sire, knows, but he is busy in an
emergency meeting of the Primogen and cannot be dis-
turbed. Only if the characters are Lodin's progeny and he has
chosen them to investigate these events will he reveal the
location of Drummond's Haven to them.

Ballard knows, but will not reveal this information to
anyone; obviously, he has the most to lose from close
investigation into the events at the party.

Annabelle's Party 41

Helena knows — she knows the whereabouts of many
Havens in the city — but her assumed character of Portia
would have no reason for knowing such information; she
will say nothing.

Menele knows, but like Helena he has no incentive to
Teveal the information to the characters — which he would
have to do indirectly, through agents, in any case.

Bobby Weatherbottom knows the address, which turned
up in one of his computer searches for Lodin. He knows
nothing about the building itself (that it is a warehouse,
situated in marshalling yards, what it looks like, etc), but
enterprising characters will be able to find it using the street
address and a decent map. Persuading Bobby to reveal this
information may take some work. Lodin has repeatedly
stressed to the young hacker that information is for the
Prince's eyes only and threatened dire punishments for
leaks; the characters must convince Bobby that Lodin will
never find out (very difficult, since Lodin can simply Domi-
nate Bobby and force him to confess) or that the absent
Prince has ordered him to co-operate with the characters, or
will be happy that he has done so.

Edward Nealy could find out, butneeds a strong reason to
do so, like direct orders from Lodin or which appear to come
from Lodin.

Tyler knows — she has been considering getting rid of {
Drummond for almost a decade now. But she holds the 7
information purely for her own protection and future aims,
and will not even reveal that she knows it. Certain of her
armed guards have orders to destroy a certain warehouse in
the marshalling-yards south of union Station if anything
untoward should happen to her.

Joshua Tarnopolski knows, through union connections,
that there is something unusual about a certain warehouse in
the marshalling-yards south of Union Station, but does not
know that it is Drummond's Haven. However, he suspects
that it is something to do with Drummond.

Sheriff knows the whereabouts of Drummond's Haven,
among others; he has made a point, with the help of the pro-
Lodin establishment, of getting as much information as he
canonany andall Kindred in the city. He will never willingly
reveal the information, though — it is for his own use only.

Khalid knows, and may reveal the whereabouts of the
Haven to the characters if he has chosen them to investigate
the matter for him. This will be unlikely unless most or all of
the characters are Nosferatu.

Jurgis Rudkus knows — indeed, it was he who told Khalid
— but he would need a good reason for revealing the
information to anyone else: orders from Khalid (and he will
check these orders unless they come via another Nosferatu),
or a convincing appeal from someone whom he knows and
trusts as an Anarch or Anarch sympathizer.

Nathaniel Bordruff knows, but it is almost inconceivable
that he would trust any character enough to disclose the
information — unless he hoped to use that character for his
own ends, that is.

42 Succubus Club

might be able to find out, although her pricemay
little strange.
‘In order to persuade an NPC to reveal the location of
nmond's Haven, a roll of Manipulation + Subterfuge is
ed by the NPC's Intelligence + Alertness. The number
of suocesses required is directly proportional to the NPC's
llingness to disclose the information in the first place. For
‘instance, Bobby Weatherbottom's fear of Lodin's wrath
" means that 3 successes would normally be needed to winkle
"the information out of him. However, if the characters have
‘already taken the trouble to befriend him (in the matter of the
sheet-music, for example), this requirement might be low-
ered (0 2 or even 1 success.
Other NPCs might have some idea of the whereabouts of
Drummond's Haven; if the characters ask an NPC whois not
listed above, the Storyteller should either decide for herself
or roll Chicago + Secrets for that character — just as the
players did for their characters — to find out how much is
known. Then, determine normally whether the NPC will
reveal anything to the characters.

Elementary...

If the characters do not know the whereabouts of
Drummond's Haven and either do not know who toask or do
not trust anyone to tell them the truth, then they can try to
discover it for themselves using a mixture of reasoning and
research.

Given that Drummond is in charge of Chicago's railroads
and is seldom seen in Kindred society, it is not unreasonable
to assume that he is engrossed in his realm — in short, that
he is a railroad enthusiast: a train nut. Hence, it may be
supposed that his Haven is not far from a nerve center of the
railroad system. At the same time, though, it would have to

beina secure position, and one where the presence of extra
guards and/or security systems would arouse no suspicions.

This leaves two main possibilities: a secret room, suite or
floor in a major railroad administrative building, or a ware-
house. The latter is a little more probable, since an adminis-
trative building would contain large numbers of kine during
the day, with a high risk of accidental discovery if there
should be any slip-up in security.

Having narrowed the field of inquiry with reasoning, the
characters can then use a little research to reduce the possi-
bilities to a manageable shortlist. The first clue will be the
amount of security at a railroad premises; an influential
Elder will have heavy security surrounding his Haven, and
will not be able to conceal or disguise all of it; therefore, alist
of the ten most secure offices and warehouses will be a good
starting-point. The next logical move is to search for anoma-
lies: warehouses with no record of goods in or out, office
buildings with floors that are off-limits to janitorial staff
(who are normally allowed in more places than chiefexecutive
officers!), and so on. The process is slow, but eventually the
characters will be left with Drummond's warehouse in the

marshalling-yards; he has taken no special steps to conceal
the warehouse.

Research can be done on the ground —a time-consuming
process which will almost certainly result in the characters
losing the race to contact Drummond — or it can be done by
computer, given the right equipment and skills. Characters
with a reasonable computer and a modem can roll Intelli-
gence + Computer against a difficulty of 8; each success gets
them one stage nearer their goal. The first success gets the
character into the right system to start asking questions; the
second draws upa shortlist of possible Havens; the third lists
anomalies and narrows the list to two or three places; four or
more successes turn up the name Drummond in connection
with the warehouse.

This is another task in which a friendship with Bobby
Weatherbottom can pay dividends. He will not enquire what
the information is for, and provided the characters make no
mention of Drummond or Kindred involvement he will not
become worried. As soon as he discovers or suspects that he
is looking for the Haven of an Elder, though, he will become
very nervous indeed, and may need some coaxing and
reassurance before he will go further.

Follow That Cab

Enterprising characters may decide to save themselves
the trouble of finding Drummond's Haven for themselves,
preferring to follow someone who knows the way and then
dispose of them once they arrive. This is a smart idea, and
might work, provided:

+ the characters pick the right people to follow — no one
is going toannounce that they are just off to visit Drummond;

*those whom the characters follow get to Drummond's
Haven ahead of the other interested parties;

«the characters are strong enough or resourceful enough
to put their unwitting leaders out of the way once they arrive
at Drummond's Haven. This will have to be done very
carefully to avoid sparking off a feud or a blood hunt —
tensions are high enough after the events of the party, andthe
slightest upset could lead to hysteria and civil war.

Security Alert

Lodin was not slow to appreciate the possible link with
Drummond, and sent messengers to summon the rail baron
before him at the same time as sending word to the absent
members of the Primogen to attend the emergency meeting.
He also placed the city's police on alert — they believe they
are responding to a reported terrorist threat against the city's
railroad system.

This simple step serves the Prince in two ways. Firstly, it
puts armed and trained officers where Lodin will need them
if Drummond tries to make a showdown of it, and serves as
a warning to the rail baron that the Prince means business.

Annabelle's Party 43

Secondly, it helps prevent anyone from interfering with the
Tail system or trying to reach Drummond before the Prince's
own messengers do so.

Characters trying to find Drummond's Haven will have to
be very careful to avoid confrontation with the police. Every
major railroad installation has at least a couple of cops
placed there; more important locations, and locations closer
to Drummond's Haven, havea larger presence including K9
units and unmarked vans containing SWAT teams. Lodin is
taking no chances until he knows exactly what is going on.

Lodin will also have had a wiretap put on Drummond's
telephone, and any calls lasting longer than four minutes will
be traced to their source, which will be investigated.

In addition to the police, Lodin will put Sheriff on the
street, along with Nathaniel Bordruff. Although they act
separately (and are unaware of each other's involvement)
both have orders to watch for Kindred trying to reach
Drummond's Haven, and to use appropriate force to keep
them from interfering in the Prince's business. Both Cainites
have an idea of "appropriate force" which starts at maiming
and extends to destruction. Nathaniel also has orders from
Khalid to monitor who is showing an interest in Drummond,
and will probably try to question characters before destroy-
ing them,

The Methuselahs

Both Helena and Menele believe they control Annabelle;
therefore, they both see the other behind the events of the
party.

Helena/Portia will leave the club very soon after the party
is over. She made the link to Drummond almost instantly,
and knows where to find him. Characters may try to follow
her, but the Methuselah will be very difficult to shadow
without her knowledge. If she senses that someoneis follow-
ing her, she will try to lead them into some mundane hazard
(ie. a tunnel into which a train is just entering) or intoa
confrontation with the police.

Unless something remarkable happens, Helena will getio
Drummond before anyone else. However, she will do noth-
ing to alter the course of the story. She simply Dominates
Drummond into revealing the link with Ballard, and then
sets off to visit Ballard. At this point, she leaves the story, but
characters may encounter her— or evidence of her activities
— if the story extends beyond what is written here.

Characters

The range of characters who can become involved in this
scene is extremely wide. Full descriptions of all characters
mentioned by name will be found in Chicago by Night;

Succubus Club

ric stats for encountered mortals, such as police and

SCENE Four:
VENGEANCE IS MINE

, ‘This scene begins when the player characters come within

of Drummond's Haven, having dealt with (or failed to

‘deal with) any competition or obstacles along the way. The

‘characters must enter Drummond's Haven , convince him to

"grant them an interview, and try to find out whether there is

"more to the events of the party than simply a feud between
- two Elders,

Details of the Haven and its security measures will be
found in the Appendix. All guards will be on alert, as
Drummond reacts to the increased tension of Lodin's police
crackdown. They are aware of the alleged terrorist threat,
and will treat intruders accordingly.

Finding Drummond should be a simple matter of reaching
the room where he keeps his model train layout. However,
ifthe characters are clumsy, Drummond will try to escape,
assuming that they are a hit team sent by Annabelle or
"police" sent by Lodin. Like a super-powered naughty child,
Drummond does not want to face the music any sooner than
he has to. If Drummond escapes, of course, the chase starts
all over again, as interested parties try to discover his
secondary Havens, and various groups try to get there before

anyone else. These interested parties will not be at all pleased
with the characters for bolting their quarry.

Too Late

It could be that the characters arrive at Drummond's
Haven too late. Someone else has got there before them, and
their chances of speaking with the rail baron are slim to none.

Itis up to the Storyteller to decide how late is too late. A
lot will depend on your estimation of how well the characters
have handled the challenges of the previous scene. If they hit
on the Drummond connection right away, found or deduced
the location of his Haven within minutes, set out immedi-
ately and overcame or side-stepped every problem en route,
then they should be able to reach Drummond before anyone
else — except Helena, as mentioned above.

On the other hand, if the characters missed most of the
important clues, spent ages blundering around with noclear
idea of what to do and how to go about it, and generally
wasted time, then it is reasonable to expect that one or other
of the competing groups would have got there first. The
events of a real game are likely to be somewhere between
these two extremes, and it is a judgement call for the
Storyteller.

The story need not fail if someone has reached Drummond
before the player characters — although the players should
never know this.

Annabelle's Party

The first thing to consider is exactly who has beaten the
player characters to the Haven. Here are a few possibilities:

Messengers from Lodin will simply pass on the Prince's
summons, draw Drummond's attention to the increased
level of police activity around railroad installations, and
leave. Drummond will be rattled and more hostile toward
subsequent visitors, but otherwise everything will be much
the same, Alternatively, Lodin might simply have called
Drummond on the phone to pass on the summons.

Nosferatu Observers will be lurking in the shadows
around the Haven, but taking no action. The characters may
discover them, or they may never be aware of their presence.
They make no difference to Drummond at all.

Tremere Investigators will not be any of the characters
named in Chicago by Night, but may have been sent by
Nicolai to establish the facts. Like the Nosferatu, they will
not act directly, for the Tremere want to know exactly what
is going on before they show their hand. They will be
observing, perhaps by using spirit watchers rather than
visiting Drummond themselves, and he will be unaware of
them.

Anarch Negotiators will want to establish much the
same things as the player characters: whether Drummond's
attack on Annabelle was prompted by any Anarch sympa-
thies, and whether this feud can be exploited to their political
advantage. They will want to talk to Drummond directly (if
subtly), sounding him out without giving away any informa-
tion on the Anarch movement which Lodin could use if
Drummond proves loyal. They will regard all other groups
as a threat, and react accordingly. If they get to Drummond
first, they will leave him somewhat confused by their ques-
tions, and unsure of what he has started. He may be even
more reluctant than usual to speak with others,

Outraged Toreadors bent on avenging their leader are
likely to be lesser Kindred rather than any of the Toreador
characters described in Chicago by Night. These "celeb-
rity" Toreadors have no real incentive to avenge Annabelle
— and most of them are lying low, having been used as
pawns in the events themselves. Like the Anarchs, they will
regard all other groups as a threat — even as confederates of
Drummond's — and will be hostile in most cases. If they
have reached Drummond first, his Haven will look like a
battleground and he will be injured or escaped. Ineithercase,
he will be frightened and angry, torn between a paranoid
distrust of all other Kindred and the desire to recruit friends
who can help defend him against the Toreadors. If you wish,
Sophia may have taken this opportunity to try and bring
herself back into Annabelle's good graces by slaying
Drummond and has managed to make her way to the haven.

The Rail Baron

The interview with Drummond should be one of the key
events in this story. The Storyteller should re-read
Drummond's entry in Chicago by Night very carefully be-

45

fore presenting this scene to the players. Give detailed
descriptions of the man and his environment, and play the
role to the hilt. Helpful images to call to mind are Peter
Ustinov as Nero in Quo Vadis, the face of Oliver Hardy and
the attitude of your youngest, sulkiest sibling or nephew.
British readers might include a dose of the Spoilt Bastard
character from Viz comic. Drummond is the mind of a
spoiled six-year-old boy in the body of a fat middle-aged
man, and he has the biggest train set in the world.

Complications

Just as some interested parties might have arrived at
Drummond's Haven before the player characters, so others
might arrive after them. This makes a good device for the
Storyteller to use if the players become careless or if the
scene drags out too long to maintain tension. As well as
providing the characters with an immediate problem to
solve, this can overshadow their lives for some time after.
For instance, Ventrue who see strangers talking to Drummond
under these circumstances might leap to the conclusion that
this is an Anarch plot, and the characters might find them-
selves labelled as Anarchs whether they really are or not.

Thecharacters' greatest challenge will be to get Drummond.
to open up to them. Depending on the style of game your
group prefers, this might be done with a simple dice roll —
say Manipulation + Subterfuge, resisted by Drummond's
Wits + Alertness with a modifier for how worried he is by the
events he has set off — or it might be done purely in live-
action negotiations, with the players speaking for their
characters and the Storyteller speaking for Drummond.

The Audience

To complete this scene successfully, the characters must
find out that Drummond was prompted by Ballard in his
attack on Annabelle. This is going to be difficult to establish
even if the characters somehow win Drummond's complete
and unquestioning trust, for the rail baron is convinced that
everything is his own idea. The best approach — as astute
characters will quickly realize — is to flatter Drummond
shamelessly on his brilliant and stylish revenge, and hope
that overconfidence and self-congratulation will lead him to
let something slip.

The characters may be able to piece together scattered
references to Drummond's "good friend" Ballard, and a
successful roll against Perception + Secrets will remind
them that Ballard has hitherto held Drummond in contempt,
at least in so far as he has mentioned the rail baron to others.
Like most of Lodin's progeny — and most Kindred —
Ballard regards Drummond as a harmless eccentric with an
over-inflated idea of his own importance.

This first clue will be strengthened if the characters
enquire (in suitably flattering terms, of course) how
Drummond was able to make such a brilliant copy of an

invitation, or place the locomotive piece in the
studio, or induce the composer to give Annabelle the
verted Beethoven. If he is at ease and assured of the:
ters' admiration, Drummond will let slip that an invitati
was obtained for him "by a friend with connections." He!
even admit, with glutinous false modesty, that he "had
in arranging the events of the party.

This will be the mostchallenging scene for the Storyteller,
You have to walk a tight-rope between spoon-feeding the
characters with the facts and leaving them so completely in
the dark that they need nothave bothered visiting Drummond,
If in doubt, err on the side of caution. There is no rule that
says the characters have to resolve every story successfully,
and if you continue the story beyond what is given here, they
will have ample opportunity to find things out later. Misin-
formation and confusion are entirely in keeping with the
theme of this story.

Characters

The main character in this scene is, of course, Drummond
himself. Lesser characters include his guards (use generic
police officer stats) and any mortal or Cainite interference
which the characters may encounter along the way. These
are covered in previous scenes.

Copa: TANGLED WEBS

""Annabelle's Party" does not end with everything neatly
tied up — such a conclusion would be contrary to the stated
theme of the story.

Ballard's intention is that this story should end with
Annabelle's credibility as a member of the Primogen se-
verely undermined, and with the blame for the events of the
party laid squarely on Drummond. If it seems anyone has
discovered a possible link between Drummond and Ballard,
the financier will take certain steps to ensure that investiga~
tions are not pursued.

Discovering the link with Ballard opens up a whole new
level of the story, which is not covered in any detail here. It
is up to the Storyteller to decide where things go from this
point, if anywhere.

Investigating Ballard will not be easy. He has been
keeping a close eye on events following the party, and will
be aware of the characters' investigations — and he will do
everything in his considerable power to ensure that they are
rendered harmless. Here are a few ideas, which the Story-
teller can develop and use if desired; feel free to amend or
ignore any of them and add ideas of your own. From hereon
in, itis your story entirely, and it can head off in a number of

46 Succubus Club

Misinformation

Ballard's first instinct will be to arrange for another patsy

‘tosiand between himself and any investigations. Drummond

" will not have given Ballard's first name to the characters, as
the two know each other only by their surnames; in the
informal tradition of the 19th century, they drop the "Mister"
to express the closeness of their friendship. And, of course,
there are two Ballards among the city's Kindred.

Ballard will try to shift the blame onto his great-nephew
Lawrence. The bookish lawyer is completely unaware of
‘what is going on, and knows nothing of the older Ballard's
involvement—thus, he can take the investigation no further.
This move may sacrifice Lawrence to Lodin's wrath, but it
will give Ballard some time to plan a next move.

r A Few Problems

Once he has established who the investigators are, Ballard
will move against them secretly, using his control of the
financial system.

First, any bank deposits or other savings will be com-
pletely wiped out, All records of their existence will vanish,
leaving the characters completely without funds. Every
check they write will bounce, any credit cards they hold will
be cancelled due to bad debt, and their names will appear on
every credit blacklist there is. Any mortgages they hold (on
Havens, for instance) will instantly be foreclosed for persis-
tent non-payment. Repossession men will swarm out of the
woodwork, with orders to take everything of value. Some of
these individuals may be Dominated minions of Ballard's;
mortal vampire hunters who believe they have a mission to
save the world from the characters.

This attack shows Ballard's hand clearly, and should be
used with care. Ballard must be sure that no proof of the
attack can reach Lodin or any of the Elders, or he must have
a patsy set up to take the blame. He will only act openly if
things have come to a head and he has no other choice — in
which case every influential Cainite in the city will receive
the same treatment, and this will be the opening shot in an
attempted coup.

Suspicious Minds

Certain parties, especially among the Ventrue, will have
convinced themselves that this is an Anarch plot. Ballard
will be more than happy to encourage this opinion, and to
cast any investigators in the role of Anarch conspirators. He
should be able to manufacture evidence very simply, and in
most cases even this will be unnecessary; as in any witch-
hunt, mere accusation is often enough to condemn the
accused. Ballard's activity in the witch-hunt will be low-key
and indirect, and may never be visible to the participants.

Once they are cast as malicious Anarchs, the characters
will find their problems multiplying at a dizzying rate. Few

Annabelle's Party

Kindred in the city will trust them or listen to what they say,
and fewer still will dare to offer any assistance. Lodin may
smell another Maldavis uprising, and declare a blood hunt
against the characters; this could very easily blow up into a
full-scale war of extermination against the Anarchs. In such
an event, the only sure way to survive is to flee the city.
Modius of Gary might grant the characters sanctuary, but he
fears an attack from Lodin — and this incident may give
Lodin just the reason he needs to wipe out Gary once and for
all.

And once a civil war is under way among the Camarilla
clans of the city, the Sabbat have the perfect opportunity to
strike, They can make Neonates under cover of the confu-
sion, and attack with impunity; victims will blame their
enemies within the city, and few may ever think of looking
for the Black Hand. This will take events out of Ballard's
control, but the two Methuselahs might just step in to unite
the city against this threat.

APPENDIX:
DRUMMOND'S HAVEN

Drummond's Haven is an ordinary-looking warehouse
standing a little apart from a group of others in the marshal-
ling yards south of Chicago's Union Station. Like many of
the other warehouses, it is surrounded by a high chainlink
fence topped with coils of barbed wire; like some of them, it
has security cameras and halogen floodlights mounted at
roof level on each comer, giving aclear view ofall four sides.

External Security

A private security guard with a Doberman patrols the
warehouses constantly at night. Characters who take the
time to watch his routine will realize on a successful roll of
Perception + Security (difficulty 5) that his route takes him
pastthis warehouse far more often than any of the others; two
or more successes will reveal that he is almost never out of
sight of this one warehouse. Treat the guard as a cop (p. 187
of the rulebook), with a light revolver, billy club and radio.
The dog has Strength three, Stamina four, and Perception
four. It has Braw] four with its bite attack; no grapple is
necessary, and damage is four dice. Other attributes and
abilities probably will not be needed, but can be improvised
if necessary.

As mentioned above, Drummond's Haven is in a com-
pound of its own, protected by barbed wire, chainlink and
security cameras. The guard with the dog has a key to the
compound gate, as do the two inside guards (see below).
Otherwise, the lock can be picked on a successful roll of
Dexterity + Security (or Dexterity + Lockpicking if you have
such a skill in your Chronicle), or it can be forced on a
successful Strength roll against a difficulty of seven. Using
a crowbar or other lever reduces the difficulty to five. The

47

gate is out of sight of the security cameras, but characters
who linger too long there may be seen by the patrolling
guard.

The security cameras on the outside of the building are
monitored by the inside guards, and cover the whole outside
of the building, to a distance of about 10 feet back from each
wall. Each wall is covered by two cameras — one from each
end — to eliminate blind spots. The cameras can be reached
from the roof of the warehouse, and disabled by cutting their
cables, but this will immediately be noticed by the inside
guards, who will radio the patrolling guard to investigate.

The main roller doors at the front of the warehouse have
been fixed in the down position, although this is impercep-
tible from outside. Only the man-sized access door still
functions, and this has been fitted with a high-security lock
and an intercom. Each guard has a key; attempts to pick the
high-security lock have a difficulty of 9 (8 if the character
attempting to pick the lock has Security skill). Another,
simpler way in is to knock on the door and bluff one's way
through via the intercom.

‘There was originally a small door towards the back of the
warehouse, but this has been bricked over. Characters who
like making spectacular entrances may try to burst in through
the brickwork (Strength roll + Potence, difficulty 8, 3 suc-
cesses required to break through), but this is unlikely to
endear them to Drummond.

Secure Lobby

This small room is manned constantly by two armed
guards, From their desk, they monitor the extemal security
cameras, and they are in constant radio contact with the
patrolling guard. They have a foot-operated silent alarm
which sounds on Drummond's desk.

The two guards are identical to the patrolling guard,
except that Drummond has convinced them, using a mixture
of Domination and old-fashioned con artistry, that they are
actually undercover Federal agents protecting something
top-secret and highly valuable which is stored in the ware-
house. In moments of stress, they may shout that they are
Federal agents before opening fire; this may cause some
confusion if the characters believe them or care about their
status.

‘The door to the Station Corridor is of vault-quality steel,
sealed by asmart-card lock. Strength can be used to batter the
door down, but this requires a total of 10 successes against
a difficulty of nine.

The smart-card lock can be negated in the following more
subtle ways:

* Using an appropriate card. Drummond has the only
card, although given time to study the system, Bobby could
probably rig up something that would work.

+ Using specialized hacking equipment. A character with
Computer knowledge could operate a custom-designed unit

programmed to find the security code and open the lock;
requires a successful roll of Intelligence + Computer.
already has such a unit, and another character could
one in a couple of days given the right parts and a roll
Intelligence + Computer (difficulty 9).

* Isolating the card unit from the lock system, which
then opened manually. This involves wire cutters anda
of Dexterity + Security against a difficulty of 8. Failure,
any botch at all, trips an alarm system.

Being admitted by Drummond. The rail baron is in'
with the security desk by closed-circuit camera and i
com, and can open the door remotely to allow visitors in.

Station Corridor

Going through the security door, characters find them-
selves in a small, totally dark passage, with a pair of heavy
tubberized swing doors at the far end. Going through the
swing doors, they find themselves in a brightly lit passage
which has been made into a replica of a small whistle-stop
railroad platform of around the turn of the century, complete
with a mural Prairie landscape. A Perception roll will reveal
a hidden camera with a clear view of the whole passage.

Parked at the platform is an amusement-park style minia-
ture steam-train, builtin exquisite detail to 1/10th scale, with
seats on the roofs of the wagons. If the characters have been
cleared through by Drummond, they will be invited over the
intercom to be seated, and the train will conduct them intohis
presence. All internal doors are operated by trip-switches in
the track, opening to allow the train through and closing a
second or so after it has passed. This switch may be foundon
asuccessful Perception roll by a character who inspects the
track closely.

The train is powered by an electric motor, and characters
who inspect or tamper with the track run the risk of a severe
electric shock. A Dexterity + Science roll is necessary to
avoid touching anything live, and a shock causes loss of one
Health Level unless a successful roll of Stamina + Fortitude
is made, with a difficulty of 7. Each botch means an addi-
tional Health Level is lost.

Drawing Room

Drummond planned this room and the Office (see below)
for his own use, but rarely even enters them these days.

The drawing room is a replica of a turn-of-the-century
gentleman's lounge-library, with several deep-button leather
wing armchairs, mahogany side-tables and Persian rugs.

One wall is a floor-to-ceiling bookcase, packed with
volumes of all shapes, sizes and ages on Drummond's
favorite subject — trains. It is probably the most complete
and authoritative library on rail transportation anywhere in
the world. The walls are hung with prints and original
paintings of railroad art. Characters who visited any of the
city's major galleries during the rail festival will recognize

48 Succubus Club

‘of the pieces they saw there; Annabelle's reaction
Drummond all the more because much of his own
was on display. Other tables and cases display
ly-made models of famous and interesting locomo-
i variety of scales from 1/48th to 1/76th.
‘The rail line forks in this room, and the junction is
ed by a set of points switched from Drummond's
desk. If Drummond does not switch them one way or
other as the train enters the room, it comes to a halt
g instructions. The doors to the office and the inner
nctum are identical to the one between this room and the
‘Station Corridor (see above). They can be opened by finding
‘and tripping the switch in the track, or they can be forced by
total of five successes on a Strength roll witha difficulty of
six,

Office

‘This room is a faithful replica of a station manager's
"office of the late 19th century, complete with painted backlit

landscape outside the fake window, oil lamps (cunningly
__ converted to run on electricity) and an antique roll-top desk.

The desk is cluttered with various papers, but nothing
which has a bearing on this Story (unless the Storyteller
particularly wants to leave a clue of some kind here — a
friendly note from Ballard inviting Drummond to "dinner,"
for instance). The bulk of the papers are newscuttings about
the rail festival and communications from groups of rail
enthusiasts all over the world.

Inner Sanctum

As the train enters this vast room, the track tilts abruptly
through 30 degrees. A cog system helps pull the train up the
sharp incline, and the track rises on pillars ten feet above a

huge and detailed model train layout. Characters who can
make three successes on an Intelligence + Chicago roll with
a difficulty of nine will be shocked to realize the model
appears to be a perfectly detailed map of the city's rail
system. Indeed, miniature trains seem to be running almost
exactly on schedule with their larger brethren out in the city.

The back wall of this huge space is an almost solid bank
of large-screen TV monitors — around 40 in all — showing
scenes from various parts of Chicago's rail and subway
systems, and views of the inside and outside of this building.
Almost hanging in the air over the center of the model layout
is a large circular platform holding a wraparound control
desk which seems to belong in a 60s science fiction movie.
The platform is supported on a series of cables from the roof,
anda broad suspended walkway leads down toa platform by
the "guest" rail line on the right-hand side of the room.

Seated on a leather swivel chair at the console, twirling
dials and punching buttons happily, is Drummond himself.
One side of the console controls the monitors, which can be
patched into any security camera anywhere in the city's rail
and subway systems, with a microphone which can give
access to any announcement speaker on the network. The
other side controls the train set and the "guest" train, as well
as communications with other parts of the Haven.

Bolt-Holes

Ifevents so far have left Drummond feeling insecure (and
most especially if the characters have forced their way into
his Haven against his wishes), Drummond will not be here
when the characters arrive. He has as bolt-hole beneath the
model landscape of his train set, leading down to the city
sewers and finally to the subway tunnels. There, various
accessways and "disused" tunnels lead to secondary Ha-
vens. Finding these would be another Story in its own right.

Annabelle's Party 49

-ciati a

‘ in :

an it

Ot lh im

"UT ia ll
bh

; Qyaner Av AQF.

"He's a lover of life,

as play is resumed.

but a player of pawns—
Yes, the King on His Sunset lies waiting for dawn
to light up His Jungles

_ Player of Pawns

Written by William Bridges and Illustrated by John Bridges

The monkeys seem willing to strike up the tune."

Jethro Tull, Bungle In The Jungle

"Player of Pawns" is a Vampire story intended for a
group of 4-6 Kindred. Ittakes place in Chicago andcan serve
asa stand-alone story or, preferably, part ofa longer running
Chronicle. The characters become enmeshed in a careless
and deadly power game between two Elders. They discover
that they are being used as pawns by these ancient Cainites
and, one by one, the characters are seized by mysterious
assailants. As the attacks become obvious, the remaining
characters must work to free their captured friends and take
their destinies into their own hands.

In the beginning of the game, the characters are unaware
of the machinations going on around them. Over the next
few nights, as the game progresses, they become aware that
a plot, an onerous and callous attempt to use them to an
Elder's own personal ends, is going on. The Storyteller
needs be subtle at first, ensuring that none of the characters
isaware of the trap that is slowly closing around them. While
the story involves combat, it should not become a simple
slugfest. The drama is in the tension arising when the
characters realize that their actions are not their own and that
they are but pawns in a game which ridicules their free will.

How To Rwn Tuis
STORY

The events in this story take place overa number of nights,
and should take two to three game sessions to complete,
though only in the last session will the characters become
aware how the early sessions were connected. At first the
events should be run at the pace of the character's normal
nightly activities, butas the characters become aware of their
parts in the game, events begin to proceed much faster,
culminating in a final battle between the two Elders.

The Elders are Critias and Dimitri. Itis Critias, one of the
Primogen of Chicago, who has chosen the characters to be
his pieces in a bizarre chess game against Dimitri, a Cainite
from Russia with eccentric and mad tastes.

In the first two Scenes the characters go about their
normal nightly activities. One of the characters is captured,
but the other characters will not know he is missing until the

Player of Pawns 51

next night. They will not realize the nature of the strange
Elders they meet or the reasons behind the disappearance of
their friends. The Storyteller should be subtle, making the
characters believe they are in control of their actions and the
course of the story.

As the characters become aware of what is really going
on (Scenes Three and Four), they must become active and
make their own decisions quickly before they can again
become pawns. The Storyteller should add an atmosphere of
doubt and paranoia to everything around the characters.
They should realize that no one around them is necessarily
what they were believed to be. In the midst of this confusion,
they must nonetheless make decision about their own lives.

By the culmination (Scene Five), the outcomes of their
actions, such as the rescue attempt, should give them cour-
age to assert their own will onto events and stand up to the
raging Dimitri. The Storyteller should emphasize the dan-
gers, risks and responsibilities of their actions against the
background of paranoia and confusion from the previous
Scenes.

THE PLor

Scene One: A simple night out at the Succubus Club. It
is assumed that the characters already know each other, but
if not, now isa good time for them to meet as they take in the
Club'snight life. They meet a pair of strange Elders (Dimitri
and Critias) playing a game of chess, but otherwise, the night
is uneventful for all of them exceptone. This character will
be abducted by Dimitri's brood and made aware of the
Game, but be unable to act upon this knowledge. The
frustration of this should be highlighted by the Storyteller.

Scene Two: The characters notice that one of them is
missing, but nothing else unusual happens to alert them.
Their nightly activities should continue as usual, with a stop
at the Succubus Club where they will see the Elders again
playing their game. At the end of the night, another character
is abducted, with the same fate as the previous night's
capture.

Scene Three: The Game is made obvious to the other
Characters by the overconfidence of their assailant. They
are attacked all at once, rather than individually. With the aid
of Damien, another Kindred, they discover the capture of
their friends and the place they are being held. However, the
coming dawn will prevent them from acting until the next
night. The other characters face another night of dreary
imprisonment and the rantings of Dimitri.

Scene Four: This is where the characters can begin to
assert the own choices onto the Game by freeing their friends
and throwing the game out of balance. They must first get
through the defenses Dimitri has set: a horrible Hag spirit.

They risk becoming her mental slaves, losing their wills:
further to the Game.

Scene Five: Their actions will enrage Dimitri, and.
him totake rash actions. He will bluntly attack thec!
with no more need for subtlety. This will cause Critias
finally take personal action, leading to a combat between th
two Ancients. The characters must choose which side to
‘Their decision will tip the scales.

Waart Is REALLY Goin
ON

The characters are playing the parts of pawns in a game
of live chess. The game is being played between Critias, one
of the Primogen of Chicago, and Dimitri, a Cainite the
characters will not recognize.

Dimitri is an old Vampire from Russia who has come up
with a new and exciting game which he travels around with,
challenging Elders to play. It is a game of live chess, with
unwitting mortals playing the part of pawns. Asan example,
in the game Dimitri is playing with Critias, Dimitri has just
captured one of Critias' pawns, a prosecuting attorney (one
of Critias' retainers), by running him over with a truck
(Dimitri's rook). He then moves the pieces on the board, to
represent his "move."

The deadly catch, though, and what makes the game
exciting, is that the court pieces are represented by unwitting
Kindred. The Elder declares what of his Brood, or any
Cainite in his Domain, is representing his pieces.

Dimitri brings his coterie with him, a pack of ghouls and
Vampires Dominated into loving the game. Since they are
aware of their roles, many Elders declared that this is an
unfair advantage for Dimitri. To balance this out, Dimitri
declared that his blood belongs to the winner, to be Blood
Bound or drunk whole. As he is Fourth Generation, many
Elders have risked their brood upon this game. All have lost.

Dimitri has brought some mortals with him also, a group
of college students he has slowly Dominated and uses as his
pawns. They are all deeply loyal to Dimitri and unaware of
the Game. They believe that he is an art patron who is
allowing them to travel with him and see the world. There
are eight of them, but already two have been taken out by
Critias' pawns (they have been framed for burglary and are
in jail).

Critias has declared the characters to represent his court,
He has chosen them because he feels they are capable of
working together to defeat Dimitri's coterie, and also be-
cause they mean relatively little to him in case he loses the
Game. It is a crass and inhumane thing which he is doing

52 Succubus Club

‘will cause him to loss some Humanity by the time the
is through). The Storyteller should decide which
‘Critias has declared the characters tobe. The tradition
‘isthat someone of mystical or thaumaturgical ability repre-
a Bishop, a strong, unyielding person is usually a Rook,
janyone else is a Knight. In this game, Damien is Critias'
‘Queen, his wild card. He is carefully maneuvering his
Childe into performing actions for him. He will use many
different methods to get Damien and the characters to act
"according to his wishes, all the while trying to keep them
"unaware of their involvement,

_ If there are not enough characters to represent all of
Critias' court pieces (two bishops, two Rooks, and two
_ Knights), assume that Critias had Ghouls fulfilling those
oles, and that they have already been taken out by Dimitri.

__ TheKing is Critias himself, while Dimitri likewise is his
 ownKing. Critias plays white, the first move, while Dimitri
__ plays black.

Dimitri's tactics are simple: abduct Critias' court pieces
and try to distill a hatred of Critias in them. Dimitri is
unaware of, nor can he understand, the rage this modern

generation will feel when their freedom is taken from them.
; He will not realize that his kidnapping them can make him
__asculpable in their eyes as Critias. He is playing offensively
__ andnon-tactically. He is capable of amore subtle Game, but
has figured that unreasonable behavior is the best tactic to
use against his philosopher opponent. He believes Critias
will be unable to guess his maneuvers if he follows a
seemingly unreasoning course.

Critias has already guessed this. He was not simply a
philosopher of ancient Greece, but a Sophist. He is expert in
looking at things from all different angles. He is half
expecting Dimitri's maneuvers each night, but not that they
willbe so successful. He knows that Dimitri musteventually
makea mistake. He will try to distract Dimitri from knowing
this by seeming to play his pawns rather than attending to his
court pieces (the characters). Critias figures that the charac-
ters will eventually discover the nature of the Game (it is
against the rules for him to intentionally inform them in any
way). He is counting on their anger to in turn unleash
Dimitri's reputed frenzies, thus giving Critias an excuse to
attack him outright.

—

Danov

If at any time the characters come across Danov and
describe Dimitri, he will immediately warn them. He was
once an unwitting Bishop in a game against Dimitri back in
Russia, long ago. He will give the characters advice, but not
interfere himself. He has learned the lesson of the Game, and
will let the characters choose their own fates in dealing with
it.

The Elders

The Game is a secret of a few Elders. They fear that if the
Anarchs were to hear of it, new rebellions might take flame
over these manipulations and risk their power hold. In fact,
many Elders try to stop the Game, seeing it as a risk to the
Masquerade. The Justiciars will not look well on any
character involved if they are ever in a situation to judge
them.

The Greater Game

Nobody knows it, but Critias is himself a pawn ina greater
game, as is Dimitri, Menele, an ancient Methuselah lying in
Torpor in Chicago, is pulling the strings behind Critias'
desire to play the game. He wants Critias' blood to be strong
for the inevitable battle he expects against Helena. To this
end, he had Critias invite Dimitri to play. He himself will
maneuver his retainers into ensuring victory against Dimitri.
But Dimitri has some allies Menele has not detected, such as
his Hag. The ancient Methuselah is also behind Critias'
decision to use the characters, figuring their loss will have
little effect on his Jyhad.

THEME

Free will is the concern of this adventure. The characters'
free choice is brought into relief against a backdrop of
manipulation. The two Elders are trying to toy with them by
using them like puppets while keeping them ignorant of this.
The characters' actions are mockeries of freedom: they are
unaware that they do not have choices. It is knowledge of
what is going on which allows them to finally act on their
own,

Dimitriis ultimately incapable of free choice: he isa slave
to his passions and frenzies. The members of his coterie are
slaves to their senses of duty or fear of Dimitri, while the
ghouls that follow them are slaves to the idea of eternal life.
Critias' ignorance of Menele's continued existence allows
him to be freely manipulated by Menele, while Menele's
torpor and rivalry with Helena trap him into a narrow
existence, a shadow of the illuminated life on the astral Plane
he had sought centuries ago.

Only the characters, still young and unattached to ancient
vendettas or rivalries, have a chance for true free will.

THE Moop

The mood is important for revealing the nature of the
theme in this scenario. It ranges from an initial mood of
normalcy to one of paranoia to a feeling of freedom ac-

Player of Pawns 53

companying the characters taking matters into their own
hands, When they become aware of the Game, everyone
they talk to should suddenly seem enigmatic. The characters
will perceive behavior and their environment differently.
Was that just a shadow, or a cloaked figure behind that car?
Make them edgy.

Only by taking action and making their own decisions
will this paranoid mood change into one of decisiveness.
Make the results of their roles more definite, answers more
exact and forthright. Atthis point, even the Elders should be
stripped of any awe-filled descriptions. Their behavior
should become obvious to the characters,

SCENE ONE:
THe Mysterious
STRANGER

Night has fallen, and the world of mortals is dark, but the
world of the Kindred is just coming to life. The Night calls.

‘The characters all cruise into the Succubus Club, looking
foraction, entertainmentor justcompany from the loneliness
of their existence. If it is usual for the characters to hunt

before taking in night's entertainment, let them do so. Play
it in the manner you normally run it. Remember, nothing
unusual or out of the ordinary yet.

The club is crowded tonight. There is a new band
playing in the basement, a group from out of town called
"Sleep Of Reason". They are as fascinating to watch as they
are to listen to. Dressed in leathers and make-up, they prance
the stage, with what little skin that is showing profusely
tattooed with phantasmagoric images. The lead singer's
voice is a delicious mix between Sinatra and Howlin' Wolf.
The songs are allabout madnessand the pocket of unassailable
sanity that hides within it, much to the approval of the punks
slamming around the stage.

As usual, the ground floor of the club is filled with that
new fashion among mortals: the Blood Doll. Mostly they
come in, listen to a few numbers, and then head onto the
dance floor.

The characters notice an odd pair in the balcony above the
dance floor. Two men appear to be playing chess. They are
unmistakably Kindred. One of them is Critias, an Elder of
the city. The other is a stranger, "not from around here." He
appears to be in his late 50s, but his vigor and energy prove
him to be a powerful Cainite.

From below, the characters can see them stare at the board
long and contemplatively, neither making a move. They

54 Succubus Club

oblivious to the harsh screaming of the amplifiers. If

for long, the stranger, as if sensing their gaze, will
and stare down at the characters. He will smile a grin
reaches from ear to ear, revealing bright, sharp teeth,

_ and beckon the characters up.

Asthey arrive at the table, Critias never looks away from
the board, deep in concentration. The stranger will motion
them to sit.
"Are you connoisseurs of the game?" he asks. Regardless
_ oftheanswer, he will point to the board. "A most fascinating

game, Itappears simple, but is in fact quite engaging. By the
__ way, lam Dimitri." He waits for the characters to introduce
themselves.

Critias then looks up. "I must have concentration."

"Oh, I'm so sorry," Dimitri says, "but my opponent is at
acritical juncture in the game, so I must ask that you depart
to your own business. It was a pleasure meeting you.
Perhaps in the future, we will speak again." He motions off
towards the stairs. He is very polite but insists that the

characters depart.

The Night Assailant
Brack KniGut TAKES
WuireE Bisuop

Soon after, one of the characters will be approached by a
luscious young Blood Doll who practically drags the char-
acter out to the rear alley to "share some liquor." Here the
character will be attacked by Paulov. The Blood Doll is one
of Dimitri's mortal pawns. If the character is male, the
mortal will be a stunning female, and vice-versa (Paulov is
old fashioned and will not guess that the character's sexual
preference for kills may not depend on standard gender
Toles).

Dimitri has ordered that Critias' court be captured if at all
possible, for he has nothing to gain (yet) by killing them, but
can obtain much pleasure if they are alive. If they were
captured he could then gloat over them, instilling hatred in
them for Critias and for what he has done to them. He prefers
to sow dissent in the Domains he plays in as part of his plan
to destroy the Camarilla (see Secrets, in Dimitri's write-up).

When Paulov has successfully rendered the character
incapacitated or gotten her to surrender, he will whistle.
From out of hiding in the dark alley come Barb and two of
Dimitri's mortal pawns. They will remove the character to
Dimitri's Haven. Paulov fights to subdue the character, not
kill her. Should the character somehow gain the upperhand,
Paulov will launch an all-out assault.

Itis a building in an industrial park just outside of the city.
The building usually houses a film production house,

Prometheus Productions, but is temporarily closed while the
company is in Europe shooting a project. It has been taken
over by Dimitri for his uses.

The company hasa vault which they use tokeep filmstock
in, and this is where Dimitri will have the "pieces" he has
captured locked up.

As the character is thrown in, Dimitri will come to the
door and chuckle. "I thought you might like to know that my
game is going quite well so far. First capture you, a Bishop,
and now...a pawn!" As he says this, he throws a mortal into
the vault and shuts the door, locking it with a loud clang,
leaving them in utter darkness.

The mortal is a young man, a beautiful philosophy
student of Critias'. He was at a bank machine, taking out
most of his money (why? "I don't seem to recall...") when
he was kidnapped by a gorgeous woman (Darva) and brought
here. He will ask the character, whom he cannot see in the
pitch blackness, what is going on. Why are they here? Who
is he? What are they going to do with us?

There is no air vent to the vault. It is sealed so tight that
not even mist can escape. The boy, whose name is Randy,
will be dead by the next night of oxygen deprivation. Yet,
he does not seem to realize it. He just keeps talking and
talking.

Player of Pawns 55

‘VAMPIRE:

Dimitri

Abilities:
‘Stalls
‘aloo Ken
De

"Talents

Advantag:
Backygrow

Seif Control____s0000

Seesce, Couys__seeeo

stm Health

fo Humanity—
ee00000000

Incxppeitated

few Experience ot

-t—Tlood Pool—met-
0000000000

‘Aeibace 730 AN 1X9 Digi} Rackgramde 3 Vrune 7 Fei Ponte 13 057)

Outside, dawn approaches and the character begins to feel
his limbs slacken as the sleep comes upon him and this
mortal whines away in the darkness. The character knows
the boy will be dead by the time he wakes up the next night.

What does he do? Console him as he slowly dies, unable
eventually to breath? Does he drink from him? Or does he
break the Traditions and ensure that this boy will survive by
Embracing him into the curse?

—

Characters

Dimitri — It was was the year A.D. 828 when Dimitri
first discovered the game of chess. He had been travelling
the dark jungles of India when the invitation came to him
inside his head, a voice speaking, coming from out of the
vine-covered temple. The temple was old, buried so long in
the jungle detritus that he had not even seen itat first. Buthe
recognized the call from one like himself.

He was wary at first, for who knew how other blood-
suckers would react to another, a stranger, in their territory.
But this was an invitation of welcome, a gentle offer of
hospitality in a cold and lonely world. He entered the moldy
interior and there met Rama against whom he played his first
game of what the Westem world later came to know of as
chess.

Dimitri would return over and over again as the:
passed to play with Rama. The game was continually
ing as it travelled through many mortal hands: first to
Arabs, and with them to Spain, and thus to the Crusaders,
would bring these new rules with him, continually c!

ing Rama, but ever losing to the greater wisdom and
of the ancient Hindu.

Dimitri asked him once how old he was,and Rama
and told Dimitri that he had gained the state of
stability and balance before Guatama had ever first left
palace. And that was how he thought of the Curse, asthe very
peak of Karmic harmony. To never again die and be rebom
continually, forever revolving on the mad, chaotic wheel of
Illusion.

Dimitri realized that here was one who had attained
Golconda, that exalted state of bliss. Dimitri knew that he
must have it as well.

He asked Rama to teach him, but Rama smiled, shook his _
head, and told Dimitri that the Russian had far to go before
he could accept the Debt he still had to repay.

And Dimitri had never been so angry before. Never
before would he have considered the deed he then enacted.
Fear and awe kept it from his mind. But anger peeled all that
away, and the next Dimitri knew, he was flinging his armsin
powerful blows against the ancient and regal Rama. He tore
abranch away from one of the thick-limbed trees surrounding
the temple, and drove it deep into Rama's breast. He then
lunged over the revered ancient one and tore his neck open,
The gushing blood drove him even madderashe lappeditup.
Power tore through is body, infusing every part of him with
strength beyond words. The incredible change was beyond
description.

All the while Rama just stared athim, until his eyes glazed
over and became empty, and his body became limp. Dimitri
was now as powerful as a Vampire of the Fourth Generation
and it was 1388 A.D. Dimitrihasnever completely understood
his change, since he had heard feeding on the Vit ofanelder
would strengthen one, but not like this.

Confused, he returned to Russia, his Mother Land. Soon,
giving up on understanding this mystery, he began to refine
his skills at his only true love in unlife, the game of chess.
Over the decades he would begin to travel to relieve his
boredom, extending to wherever he went the offer of a game.
His invitations to the best players of Europe attracted the
attention of the Camarilla because of their odd stipulations
(the game could only be played at night, the room must not
be too lit, etc.), Fearing a breach of the Masquerade, several
Vampiric leaders began harassing the old Russian. After
more than a century of this torment he returned to Russia in
1623 A.D. and there fell into deep torpor.

He arose again briefly during Napoleon's era, and chal-
lenged the great conqueror to a game. It was the first game

56 Succubus Club

imitri had ever lost since playing Rama. He was furious,
‘baffled. Had the long years of sleep dulled his sense of
No matter, he would ensure that this Napoleon
to see a strategic defeat yet.

_ Napoleon failed to take Russia.

Soon after, Dimitri again fell into Torpor. It was the tread
"of German tanks that woke him this time as they rolled over
"theancient battlefield where he slept, buried with the bones
"ofmany of the soldiers he had spurred on to stay and resist
How dare these tanks try to raze his Mother Land. They
‘owners would regret it, he swore. Hitler's armies failed to
"take Russia during world War II, and this time Dimitri was
awake for good.

‘And so glad he was of this modem era. Why, chess was
"almost the national sport of the Mother Land! But he soon
realized that the rules had not changed enough. He needed

And thus he created the Game of live chess, wherein
Kindred and kine were both pawns in the hands of the
characters.

Sire: Unknown, but he now has the Blood of Rama in his
veins.

Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Plotter
Generation: 4th

Embrace: Unknown, but probably the seventh century
AD.

Apparent Age: late 50s

Clan: Malkavian

Image: Five foot one, 130 Ibs., old and thin, with stiff
white hair that looks solid and continually hangs over his

eyes, His smile stretches across his wrinkled face from ear
to ear, and his teeth are all sharp.

Roleplaying Hints: They are all so fascinating, these
pawns in the master game. How can this new one here be
used? Oh, what fun! You find ithard to conceal your gleeful,
plotting smile from others, but your mannerisms and body
language are unrecognizable to most anyone. Try to find a
new way to gesture when you speak, such as picking up
imaginary things and moving them. These are totally natural
to you, but odd and unnerving to others.

Haven: Varies.

Notes: He has made many alliances with the Sabbat since
awakening. He hates the Camarilla and their lordly ways.
His Game is partly an attempt on his part to inspire conflict
and to decimate them.

Influence: Only what he brings with him with his Brood,
retainers and Ghouls, and his Allies in the Sabbat.

Paulov (Dimitri's Knight) — Paulov had always
been a loyal soldier to Russia and his army. Buteven he had
to step up and say something to the General before he could
commit that act upon the poor peasant girl.

His next duty was the cold wastes of Siberia. Walking
useless patrols against nonexistent enemies. How he longed
to be back again with his own unit, in the center of human
society. Here there was only waste and loneliness. Surely
nothing could live here for long.

But what he found on that patrol was not really alive,
anyway. It had been watching him for long, had seen his
vigor and manliness and again envied companionship after
many years of solitude in the snow.

When it bit Paulov Rasporavitch, all Paulov could think,
trapped in its grip of steel, was how red his blood looked on
the snow. Would it freeze there, to lay unmelting for years?
Was this to be his only mark for etemity? No glory, no
medals, no parades. Instead, only blood on the ice.

But he long outlasted the bloodstain on the ice. It
disappeared many years ago, buried under falling snow, and
Paulov still walked the earth, searching for a mark for
etemity, something he would be remembered by. The

Player of Pawns 57

{= VAMPIRE:

Paulov

e000 ae)
Toe, eeeeeeeeco — tum Oo
ooo ee
90009 4 Willpower——wt- Wanda $
Combate Seeseeeooo — Mail 28
on fiwfoe] COODOOOOOO Ineapneiiated O
stom Expertencemeot>

stom Dlood Poolmeet=
eoccccccsn

‘arte 150 Roi 1M Digi 3 acre 3 Vee 7 Fri eee 13 CN)

creature had turned him into an immortal, and taughthim, on
the wind beaten wastes, what it meant to be one of the
undying.

Paulov could not stay in Siberia long though, and he bid
his Sire farewell, feeling deep sorrow for the old vampire's
lonely existence. His sire feared the world of men. But
Paulov had to have it. It was during Dimitri's rise during
World War II that Paulov joined him, looking for duty. He
has followed Dimitri since.

Sire: Name unknown, but he was a Caitiff.
Nature: Cavalier

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1905

Apparent Age: early 30s

Clan: Caitiff

Image: Five foot nine, 160 Ibs. He has the same weather-
beaten and haggard face as when he was Embraced, but he
carries himself with a relaxed and easy-going manner,
always ready to spring into action.

Roleplaying Hints: You are quiet unless something needs
to be said. You have learned in the past what it means to

speak your mind, so you keep your opinions to
unless asked for. Many have mistaken this for aloofness, b
you truly enjoy company, either mortal or Kindred,
looks like your silence has insulted someone, you will
outand frankly speak of it, asking the person to stay and no
be angry.

Haven: Varies, wherever Dimitri's is.

Notes: He does not like the Sabbat, but if his '
Dimitri, wishes to deal with them, so be it. He will not
against Dimitri. Most of the others of Dimitri's Brood
to Paulov for guidance at times, but they rarely wind
heeding his advice.

Barbara (Barb) (Ghoul Rook) - Barb had never
played the kind of games men wanted her too. She was too
damned independent for that. She despised housewives. If
she never saw a bottle of lemony fresh table polish again she
would be so happy. God, how Larry hated it when she
became a trucker. That's what she did. She hauled stuff
around, but her life was her own.

It was in that greasy truck stop in Jersey that she found her
true life's calling — her true desire. He came through the
door at about five after 2 a.m. and sat down at the booth next
to hers. He was so pale, so thin, but so lively.

Barb knew what he was first time she laid eyes on him,
She had read the tabloids and devoured the books. Her semi

‘VAMPIRE:

Barbara

Cong,

Fe—umanity fm Health a
eeccceee0e

1
aa

ap 3

oooo000000 Incopocitated O

"flood Poole
0000000000

‘Autiwer 127 Attice 1095 Dinner} Rachpeende $ Vie 7 Fie awe ISM)

58 Succubus Club


‘was full of cheap paperbacks, their spines broken and
‘comers tattered, which she had read over and over again.
"Stories about Vampires. She had always envied those with
the powers of the night, as well as the freedom and self-
‘sufficiency that went with it. In her heart, she knew, just
"knew, that they were real. Somewhere in the world was a
bloodsucker hungry for her blood. And she and her neck
would be waiting should one finally come.

And here he was, sitting across from her in a truck stop,
ordering only a glass of water which sat, untouched. Assoon
as the waitress left, Barb got up and sat down at his booth,
across from him. She just sat there and stared athim, meeting
his gaze, thinking "I know you."

He seemed startled and looked around, as if he were
surrounded by enemies. But then he calmed down and stared
ather, He asked her how she knew. She smiled and told him
everything, of her dreary marriage to Larry, that redneck
jerk, and her divorce when she started driving trucks. And
she told him about the books on Vampires, and the movies
she'd seen, and her greatest desire: for him to take her and
make her one of his kind.

He seemed very amused by this, but invited her out to see
thenight, He told that he found it odd that a mortal actually
believed the stories, and even recognized him for what he
was. She told him that he would have to take her now, for it
would be to dangerous to let her go, knowing what she did.
This would surely convince him to drink from her.

He laughed at that long and hard. She begged him,
pleading to at least be allowed to come with him, to protect
him during the day while he slept.

He stared at her long and hard and then bit his wrist,
holding it out to her as the blood welled up and spilled forth.
And she drank.

Ever since, she has served Paulov faithfully, waiting for
the day when his dread lord, Dimitri, would give him
permission to finish the job, to drink her blood and make her
a full member of the night.

Nature: Conformist
Demeanor: Rebel
First Drink: 1984
Apparent Age: 33

Image: Five foot seven, 200 Ibs. A large woman, she
looks somewhat intimidating at first, but this quickly goes
away. Her hair is short and greasy, and she is pretty dirty all
the time.

Roleplaying Hints: Nobody tells you what to do with
your life anymore, except Paulov. And of course, Dimitri.
And then there's Rolf, better listen to him. Also, Darva,
she's pretty tough ... Basically, she believes she is a rebel,

but continually follows others. Be cocky at first when
meeting others, but quickly start believing what they tell
you. Every statement usually begins with "Paulov says..."

Haven: With Paulov.

Notes: It is not the Sabbat that surprises her, it is the
Camarilla. She has always believed all vampires to be like
the Sabbat. The refined Camarilla still surprise her, and she
wonders why Dimitri hates itso. She can usually gain the aid
of truckers simply with the use of a C.B. radio and her call
name "Dracula's Daughter."

SCENE Two:

ANOTHER MOVE
BLACK Rook TAKES

Waite KNIGHT

The next evening, when the characters retum to the
Succubus Club (minus one) they will see the chess game still
going on. Dimitriisina fine mood, and will comedown from
the balcony and approach the characters, making much
small talk about American cities. Critias is stone-faced, but

Player of Pawns 59

characters with Auspex may detect his aura of inner rage.
Eventually, Dimitri dismisses himself to return to the board.

‘They may wonder where their comradeis. Ifany of them
has a telepathic union, they will find itis being blocked (by
the Hag). If they go to the character's Haven, they will find
it empty, and unused the day before.

Otherwise, nothing is out of the ordinary. Their feeding
is as usual, per their own preferences. But, on their way
home, Dimitri strikes again. One of the characters (a Knight
this time) will be attacked. This time it is Rolf (a Rook). His
goals are the same as Paulov's were the night before. He will
be aided by two mortals and Jordan.

If the characters do not split up, Darva will try to lead
some of them away by attempting to seduce them, playing
the part of an gorgeous victim in a red convertible. She will
try to lure the characters into climbing in with her to go to her
place. When she is far enough away from Rolf, she will aim
the car ata tree and leap out, disappearing into the night (the
car is only going about 35 at that time, so the characters
should be disoriented but not suffer much health loss from
the crash). Characters will have one turn to react before the
car crashes, and they can try to steer the car, jump out (Darva
used the automatic locks to lock their door) or hit the breaks.
Still, characters will probably hit the tree and take four dice

Rolf
+: "Attribut
Physical Social
Suena seve Chavtone 2000, 1
Desert ses00 —*se00
Semin Seeeo Appenrnce e000 Wie
$ Abilities:
Talents Stalls
Aetng 00000 Antal Ken___00000 heme.
foonee Irie. "00000 Compute
‘it seeee tanya ‘oooo0 | Prame
Date e000 Moe Secoo Law
Roney 20000 Mink ot
Inimsleton——eeeeo Reqwr———eeo00 Metkine 00000
Tenlerip——ooo00 Seow co000 | Orit
Siete feecoo Stal fooooo Mk
Sihterige———S0000 Saba cooue | Sem
+ Advantage
Disciplines Backgrownds
f ‘00000 Camere 90800
Seeso So000
e000 (00000 Self Control____seeoo
2000s —————— voce Crum

foe Humaniy—e
eeececeo0n

"ome Willpower mot
eeeee00000
ooo0000000

"te=Dlood Poole

‘Autos 130 Abies 1495 Dex: 3 Bachronde 3 View: 7 Frei Pee 1507727)

of damage. If necessary, Darva will also use Dimi
remaining pawns to distract the characters while Rolf,
his target. Once Rolf has gotten the character, Darva'
flee, using Obfuscate to hide herself.

Characters

Rolf (Rook) -Itwas horrifying at the Front. Heand
unit had spent long hours fighting Hitler's oncoming:
trying to stop them. He was dirty cold, tired, and one of!
few men in his unit left alive.

If only he could sit down and rest for while. Yes,
would be all he needed. Just a few moments. ;

When he awoke, it was night. He reached over to
Koufax awake. But Koufax slid over at his touch, and lay
sprawled on the ground dead, a bullet through his head,
When had this happened? How had he slept through this?

He then noticed the footprints and tank treads all around,
They had been there, the Germans, and had left him for dead,
frozen.

He then heard sounds, German voices approaching. He
would have his revenge, yes, from beyond the grave they
would think. As they past, he leapt up and ran one of them
through with his bayonet. He yanked it out to stab the other
one. Except it would not come out. It was stuck in the dead
German. The other one had now pulled up his rifle and
aimed it at Rolf's head.

"You can't kill that which is already dead, fool!" Rolf
yelled at him.

Either the German understood Russian or he was just
stunned by Rolf's courage, as he hesitated for a moment.

Rolf lunged and the rifle went off, its bullet knocking him
back in the air and into the snowy embankment behind him.

Butas he lay there bleeding, dying for real, he looked up
to where the soldier was and saw that the soldier had no head.
No, that's not right. He had one a moment ago.

Then Rolf noticed the other man, behind the soldier,
greedily lapping up the blood pouring from the soldier's
severed head, which was clutched in the hand — no, claw—
of the strange man.

He watched as this creature seemed to grow fuller and
fuller with every drop of blood devoured, until he dropped
the soldier's body to the ground.

The man then came upto Rolfas helay in thesnow, slowly
bleeding to death.

"T witnessed your valor, "he said, blood running outof the
corners of his mouth. "My lord has great need of men such
as you. Men of iron. Would you be one who truly cannot
die?"

60 Succubus Club

"Please, Ido not want to die," was all that Rolf could utter.

‘The man bent over him and began sucking at the wound
inhischest. Rolf felt himself becoming more distant from
‘the aching numbness the cold had wreaked on his body.
‘Then, the man cut open his wrist, and lay it before Rolf. Rolf

drank, and the warmth suffused him, taking away the cold
- forever.

Hehassince been a loyal servant to Paulov, his Sire, being
willfully Blood Bound to him.

Sire: Paulov

Nature: Martyr
Demeanor: Conformist
Generation: 11th

Embrace: 1944
Apparent Age: 27
Clan: Caitiff

Image: 6 ft2,210 lbs., broad-shouldered Russian. He has
acontinual look of stern resoluteness on his face (the look of
martyr).

Roleplaying Hints: He is very direct in his talk, some-
times getting rather passionate and disdaining subtlety.

"And where was subtlety when I was fighting off tanks?
Hiding in her warm and cozy mansion, that's where!"

Haven: With Paulov.

Darva Felispa (Knight) —She had watched the house
for along time now, coming here for many months to spy on
those who came and went from the fine country manor. It
was the mysterious owner who fascinated her so much.

Not just her, but her superiors in the K.G.B. They too
wondered about this one, the old man living off inherited
family wealth. But it was so hard to trace just where this
wealth had come from. And all those guests, the chess
champions of the U.S.S.R., visiting whenever they passed
through the region. They said nothing of the games they
played in there.

They had tried planting an agent there once, after long
months of grooming him with chess champions. Like most
of the other chess players, he tried to invite himself to the
mansion fora game with the mysterious master. Yet, he was
refused, as were all the other agents who attempted, as if the
old man knew their secret.

So they just watched, waiting for the inevitable link they
needed to prove that this Dimitri was a western spy. How
else could he know of their agents?

Player of Pawns 61


Darva
"A
Soctal
at
Mopibaesscs | hanes eesss
Reece twa
Abilities:
‘kills
i Sa secool
tie eanel meee
a
ne ee, poo
Noe =
hee Seaedn =
= sees ame

Advant:

Backgrounds
Seo00

to Humanity—
weeee00000

stomDlood Poole
eeeeeeeo00

‘Aureoes 790 Abies 1493 Dipti} achgrane$ View 7 Pri Foes 15 C727

Darva waited and waited, in the bushes where her car was
hidden, and looked through the binoculars. Tonight, after
two weeks of silence, a car arrived at the gate. She looked
Closely, trying to catch a glimpse in the dimming light of the
man inthe car. Kelvin Smythe! British chess champion. So,
here it was at last, the proof of the spy network in which
Dimitri worked. She must move closer. She had to get
pictures that she could show her superiors.

Darva waited until dark, then climbed out of her car and
began to make her way through the brush and down the hill
to the manor. She knew the room in which Dimitri had
always played, with its huge windows looking out over the
forested hills. As she approached, she thought she heard
something, off aways in the bushes, to her left. An animal?
Or guards, perhaps. Maybe Dimitri had guards placed
tonight to keep any one such as her from discovering his
secrets. She moved stealthfully over towards where she had
heard the noise. She would remove any the guards before
they could remove her.

Then, the snap of a branch above, and something was
falling onto her. Something big. She deftly pivoted her hip
and threw the weight off her.

The man hit the ground hard, but was instantly up again
and lunging at her throat with his hands. She moved to the
side, but he caught her hair and yanked her towards him.

Such strength! She couldn't resist and fell into his
tilted back and bit into it.
Darva screamed in pain. She screamed but there
one to hear her. She knew she was dying, but had
thought it would be like this, helplessly gripped bya
who sucked all her blood away.

But when he lay her back and offered his throat to he
with the gash he had made in it and the blood running out,
beautiful red, full blood, she drank hungrily, greedily, as
her life depended on it. She knew somehow that it did,
this blood was her sacrament to a new life. And she
away.

When she awoke, Rolf was there, the one who had
Embraced her. Her Sire. She was introduced finally 0
Dimitri and knew him for whathe really was. A spy? Really,
what madness she had fallen for in her mortal existence, to
think that anything she feared was covertly working for your
country's enemy. No, she now knew there were far worse
things to fear.

Sire: Rolf

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Caretaker

Generation: 12th

Embrace: 1964

Apparent Age: 26

Clan: Caitiff

Image: 5 ft 11, 130 Ibs, Graceful and lovely, Darva has
jet black hair and deep brown (almost golden) eyes. She

walks with a swagger, and she just wants someone to give her
trouble so she can show them a thing or two.

Roleplaying Hints: You exult in your vampiric powers
and want to use them whenever possible, although you know
when not to. Emotionally, you play the teenager your
parents never allowed you to be when growing up in Russia.
You get absorbed in things around you, but can easily detach
yourself from them thanks to K.G.B. training. You do not
have a Russian accent.

Haven: With Rolf.

Notes: Dimitri is using her to spy on both the Camarilla
and Sabbat. Rolf is very protective of her, and will aid her
when she asks.

Jordan McConnell (Ghoul Bishop) -Jordan was
fresh out of college and full of idealistic thoughts on how
people's lives on Earth could be made better: all through
socialist orcommunist philosophy. He had to see for himself

62 Succubus Club

countries of Europe and its people, so he bought a ticket

He trod the cobbled streets smiling and talking with
ayone he could about their way of life. This soon attracted

saltention of the K.G.B. Jordan was pulled into a black
gagged, and driven to a house on the outskirts of town.
‘he was tied toa chair and questioned for hours on why
ehad come, who had sent him, what was his mission. But
ey did not understand, could not understand, an American
0 truly believed communism could work.

Disgusted with his denials, they shot him in the belly and
him down the hill behind the house. He lay there for
hours, refusing to die, but slowly bleeding his life away.

She sat down next to him and they talked of communism
and what it could do for mankind. Jordan occasionally
‘coughed up blood, and soon his eyes became cloudy.

Darva was unsure of what to do. She was really enjoying
their talk, but now he was dying. She had been forbidden by
Dimitri to make any Progeny.

She bent over him, slit her wrist and let him suck at the
_ powerful vitae. He slowly came to, alive. But for how long?

She took him to Dimitri. He was very angry and refused
to let Jordan become one of them. But, he did allow
Killikillarven to heal his wound, and he let Darva feed him

‘VAMPIRE:
Jordan McConnell

"

Mental
29000 Cha 3
22000 #9000 Wi, ‘20000

00000 Animal Ken___00000 orememcy___00000
00000 Computer eeeoo

00000 Pham, ‘oooo0
"00000 bmeatypi [00000
Mele. 00000 mw (00000
Moot fee000 ‘#0000
00000 Melicie. ‘00000

Seow, {00000 Ow ‘00000
‘ooooo IM teeeo

Serva 0000 Skemee. ‘00000

Advantage:
Backgrounds
(e0000 Cumcione—_seeee

Soove Cougs se000
x

+

sfee—Humanity—e FI lealth
eecccccven

Fm Willpower met
@e00000000
Oooo000000

sF-Dlood Poole
0000000000

‘hutiaer 780 Nice 190) Diciinee} Rachounde $ Views 7 Fel eeee SCAM

from her veins. He has not thought of Jordan since, but
Darva awaits the day when he will allow her to Embrace
Jordan fully.

Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Fanatic
First Drink: 1976
Apparent Age: 18

Image: Five foot four, 145 Ibs., young, boyish face, of
good Ivy League stock.

Roleplaying Hints: You like talking to people about
politics. If they really thought about it more often, I mean
really thought about it, then they'd see that socialism or
communism is a neat idea.

Haven: With Darva

Dimitri's Rant

The captured character will be taken to the vault, and
locked up with the previous night's captives. Dimitri will
come again, just before dawn.

If the character who spent the night there last night had
Embraced Randy, the young student, then Dimitri will laugh
upon seeing him, but otherwise do nothing. If Randy died,
Dimitri will do nothing to remove the body.

"T'll wager you are curiousas to my motives. Well, I'll tell
you. Butitis Critias you should blame for your troubles. He
is the cause of your incarceration.

"T like you both and would not see you harmed.

"But I see you are confused. Let me explain. I have
invented a wonderful variation on the game of chess: live
chess! Mortals take the place of pawns and I and my
opponent move them to our desires, placing them in conflict
with one another, trying to gain victory on the board through
their victories in life.

"Critias invited me to come to Chicago for aGame. But
he had a variation which I did not expect: to use Kindred as
pieces! I was astonished, but he offered me his blood if I
won. I could not very well refuse that. Tell me honestly, if
in my place, would not you have done the same?

"Critias declared that you were to be his court pieces. lam
but fulfilling my role in the game. I mean you no ill.

"But Critias! He plays like a devil. I have but captured
you, but he —hekills my men! I sicken of this game already.
Were it not for the promise of blood, I would end it now and
release you. Please understand my position."

Player of Pawns 63

Of course, he is attempting to fool the characters and is
lying. Use the Fast Talk rules to see if any of the characters
falls for it.

"T do not wish for you to starve. Please do not think me
cruel." As he says this, he motions to Rolf, who steps up and
throws a mortal woman into the vault. He then places an
oxygen bottle and mask inside the door. Dimitri exits and the
door closes and locks.

It is completely black. Only Red Eyes will pierce the
darkness.

The woman wakes up. She has been induced into fainting
by Domination. She screams, thinking she is alone at first.
If the characters speak, she will be immediately fearful.
However she reacts next will depend on the characters. She
is unaware of the oxygen, so it is up to the characters to help
her with the mask. Without it, she will die before the next
night.

Her name is Deborah Stanford. She is a lawyer. She was
working late in her office on a legal documents (she cannot
remember what they were now) when a man (Paulov) broke
in and kidnapped her.

If Randy is now a Vampire, he must feed soon. She is the
only blood, other than the characters', in the vault. Alterna-
tively, Randy is at the character's mercy concerning Vam-
pire lore, and is unaware of Blood Bonding. They can have
him drink from them as much as they like.

SCENE Four:

THE VAMPIRE SHAMAN
BLAcK BisHop TAKES

Wuire Roox

The characters may wonder why their comrades keep
disappearing. If they ran into Darva last night, they should
be figuring that something very weird is going on.

Dimitri's brood, sloppy with their successes, get a little
cocky this night. With a Perception + Alertness role, target
of eight, characters will notice they are being followed by a
cloaked figure. This is Killikillarven (a Bishop).

If they try to grab him, he will flee, using his Obfuscate
and call a fog if need be.

Otherwise, nothing unusual occurs. Yet.

When the characters go to the Succubus Club, they will
find Dimitri there again, with Critias. (If they do not go, the
Storyteller should remind them that this is where their first
friend disappeared, and maybe someone saw it happen.)

Tonight anyone can notice Critias' anger. He appears &
inconcentration, butis in fact sending his senses out,

pawns, to foil Dimitri, attempting to outguess his
maneuver.

Dimitri wanders the Club, gazing at art in the gallery an
even going into the maze to hear an open mike reading:
Punk-nik poetry. This consists of people coming up from!
audience to read their dreary, apocalyptic "poetry"
trying to dodge whatever is thrown at them.

On the way home that night, one of the characters, a1
will be attacked by Killikillarven. If the characters did not
splitup, then Killikillarven will use mortal pawns toaid him,
distracting the other characters while he goes after his target,
While he is attacking the character, Critias will engage his
Queen. In other words, he has had his police chase Damien
into this neighborhood, and hopes that Damien will help"
eradicate the stranger.

Killikillarven will attempt to flee when Damien arrives,
but Damien will stop him with a thrown rock, unless the
characters can do it first.

Killikillarven will not explain what he is doing or why,
but threat of exposure to sunlight will make him talk. Allhe
will be able to get out before preternaturally fainting is the
location of the Haven where the other characters are being
held, but not Dimitri's name. Any attempts to awaken him
will not work. Dimitri has had all his Blood Bound servants
hypnotized to fall into a torpor-like state before revealing
anything about him.

Characters

Killikillarven (Bishop) — It used to be that when a
shaman spoke, his words were heeded with great respect and
fear. But when those Christians came, the Scandinavians
with their crosses and swords and great riches, the Finnish
people of his village learned not to listen to Killikillarven,
This Christ was a greater shaman. And the wealth he
provides simply for swearing an allegiance to him!

Disgusted, Killikillarven sought to show them what real
power was. Had he not before flown on a drum to the misty
and dark land of Pohjola and brought back for Jorjellin, the
blacksmith, a wondrous hammer? A hammer which never
breaks or dents, as it once belonged to the Great Smith
Ilmarinen?

He filled his sled with provisions and departed to the east,
where there was said to be a dark chief who would grant
anything if one could best him in a game. He arrived at the
stone tower of this chief and was admitted by the pale
maidens who served there. He entered the chief's chambers
and sat down to the game, which Killikillarven knew to be
called chess. He lost miserably.

64 Succubus Club

price was his soul. The chief, who called himself
had found Killikillarven fascinating. He promised
the power to destroy those who paid him any disrespect,

him, he thought he heard a nightingale from the
waming him, telling him to flee, leave his body
before it was too late. But he wanted power, so he ignored
the pleading bird.

After he had shared Dimitri's blood, and was one of the
‘undying men of power, he sought many spirits to aid him in
‘mighty magics at Dimitri's asking. But the spirits fled from
him, He who had once been their ally, was now their feared
‘enemy. He had to wrest their aid from them, to force them
to give him the power and knowledge he needed to cast
Dimitri's spells.

Bat every time he does so, and when he hears the cry of
Anightingale, he dies a little more inside. Soon, he fears, he
will be a true monster. He has gained not respect, but fear.
Inaddition, he has found he is Blood Bound to Dimitri.

Sire: Dimitri
Nature: Caretaker
Demeanor: Visionary

‘VAMPIRE:

Killikillarven

$ ‘Attribute:
Physteal Socal
Eadceaull Chartama

0 Nami ‘o0000
Saderige Sew poooo Sem ‘00000

cs Advantage:
Disciplines TackgroundsVietos

eon Sceo Comte aeons

Soooe  SelfContro__seeeo

Generation: 9th (Sired before Dimitri gained Rama's
blood)

Embrace: 1145 A.D.
Apparent Age: late 40s
Clan: Malkavian

Image: 4 ft 10, 120 Ibs., grey-haired Finn. He hasarather
absurd looking handlebar mustache.

Roleplaying Hints: Between sentences make a lot of
grunts and "hmms." When investigating things, scrunch up
your right eye and stare with your bugged-out other eye (this
isalso what he does for the Evil Eye; see Spirit Thaumaturgy).
You are not a happy immortal, so do not laugh often, but
smile occasionally.

Haven: With Dimitri.

+
-to—Humanity— eI lealth ae

Traltnmaet

‘20000 Deve
etesn PREC EDO.90 at 10
Soaen eS
se Wormled 3
Medel 4 0
"Combat net owas 3G
aig bempectate

"tee apertencemet

sfo=Llood Pool—et>
eeeeee0000

‘Aube 130 ANC: NS Digan} Racal 5 Vance 7 Pecieeer 15 82M)

Spirit Thaumaturgy

This is the Path of Thaumaturgy developed by
Killikillarven, ex-shaman, now Vampire. It involves using
spirits to do one's work, but if one fails, the cost is not only
a point of Willpower, but also the enmity of the spirit. The
Storyteller should decide what type of spirit the caster was
attempting touse, and then have it plan to botch the character
up sometime in the future.

Player of Pawns 65

+ Evil Eye. This is just like the first level ritual Curse, but
this does not require a ritual. It only lasts for a Scene, but can
be cast again and again on the same subject. The Storyteller
should decide if cumulative bad luck can become permanent
after enough castings: the character just has bad spirits
following him around. The spirits have become used to it.

+ Spirit Eyes ("The Sight"). Thisis very similarto Aura
perception, but the character perceives spirits instead of
auras. He sees them in the form they take: i.e. Fox spirits,
Faerie plant spirits, etc. This includes Ghosts. He can also
speak with them.

+e Spirit Slave. The character can demand a task of a
spirit. The spirit has to be there already. The spirit will
perform the task, but not if it is beyond its powers. Recently
dead can be forced into being Ghosts and haunt a location
with this spell. However, in this case, it wears off after a
while (Storyteller's discretion). For permanent hauntings,
see Fetishes.

see Fetishes. The character can force spirits to inhabit
objects, or fetishes, he carries around with him. He can then
use their powers anytime he wants, without casting this spell
again and again. He can create Ghosts by first using Spirit
Slave and then forcing the Ghost into an object which he
buries or hides at the location. This will cost the caster an
automatic Humanity Point.

seeee Journey. This spirit projection is similar to astral
projection, but the spirit remains within the physical realm.
Thecharacter's body remains in one place, generally guarded
by a fetish, and her spirit travels about. The character can
also be trapped into fetishes when in this state, and controlled
by any spirit spell. Physical attacks have no effect on her.
While the character cannot use any physical disciplines
(Celerity, Fortitude, Potence and Protean) while in this form,
all the rest actnormally. The spirit form is generally visible
unless the character uses Obfuscate.

This is a very rare form among Kindred. Perhaps only in
the most primitive regions of the world are there any Kindred
who practice it. One must have leamed the beginnings of this
Form while they were mortal, for contact with spirits is very
hard for Kindred. There are also some Sabbat who know this
Path.

The Vault

Atthe vault, where the captured characters are being kept,
Dimitri will come in, obviously angry. He will scowl at the
characters and demand to know all the secret havens of their
friends. He is trying to find out where they may have taken
Killikillarven. He will scream at them, telling them itis all
Critias' fault. He says he wants to know the havens so that
he can warn the others of Critias' madness. This time,
though, it is obvious he is lying. He is too angry to attempt
toreally fool the characters. He will storm out, slamming the
door on the characters, leaving them no new "guests."

The Storyteller should run the interaction in the va
between the characters and Randy and Deborah, If Randy
dead, this will freak out Deborah to no end. She will onl
know about his body when Dimitri comes in and turns
lights unless the characters tell her before, She will think!
she has wound up ina psycho killer's den. Play this outwith
gusto.
What do the players do? Try to calm her? Or scare he
even more? (This may cost humanity: it is extremely cruel}

IfRandy is now a Cainite, he constantly begs the characten
for lore concerning his new state of existence. Deborah will
be freaked at this too. She will think she is among

Randy, with the constant exasperated whining of Det
punctuating their tales.

If Deborah has been Embraced, she will probably goabit
bonkers. She will constantly try to deny what the characters
are telling her she has become. She will go so far as thinking
that she has drunk wine rather than blood. She may be so far
gone as to imagine that she is at a cocktail party, and proceed
to initiate small talk with the characters. ]

No matter what else has occurred by this time, two things
should have happened. One: Two characters should beheld —
at Dimitri's Haven listening to his nightly rants. Two: The
other characters should have met up with Damien and found
out that something is afoot. But, dawn fast approaches, and
the characters must wait another night before acting,

The characters must figure out what to do with
Killikillarven. Whatever their decision, Critias will have his
mortal retainers watch him to make sure he does not escape. _
Ifhe is leftin a position where the Storyteller believes it easy
for him to escape, let him. Assume then that Critias will
recapture him personally before he can return to Dimitri.

SCENE FIVE:
THE HAVEN & THE HAG

The characters now know the location of the Haven and
should be planning to assault it. Dimitri will be at the
Succubus Club, angry because his bishop has not returned.
He ups the guard before he leaves, and sends out Darva and
Paulov to search for any more of Critias' court.

If the characters go to the Succubus Club for any reason
before going to the Haven, Dimitri will be glad to see them.
His plan is to worm out of them what happened the night
before, but Critias distracts him. One of Critias' mortals (a
bouncer) will ask the characters to come with him. Once
outside he explains that they should not disturb the other
customers and not to come back that night.

66 Succubus Club

‘The Haven is guarded by the ace Dimitri has kept up his
his Queen, a hideous Hag. If anyone steps foot into
he Haven, they will be attacked by the Hag.

She will first try to use her Glamour, and appear as a
frail old lady. To see if this is successful, roll the
Hhag's Magic Discipline + Subterfuge, opposed against the
‘Characters' roll Wits + Occult. The one with more successes
wins,

Tfsuccessful, she will pretend to have fallen, and not be
‘able to get up. If the characters help her, she will grab them
"(she has no physical body, it is an illusion) and attack their
souls. Roll her Hag Magic + Occult, against a difficulty of
the character's Humanity. The number of successes are
damage against the character's Willpower. The character
should roll his Self-Control to resist the damage. When a
character has no Willpower left, he is a slave to the Hag. She
will use him to attack his friends.

The lost Willpower returns at the end of the scene. The
characters must be away from the Hag for this to happen,
however.

___ Nophysical attacks will harm the Hag, but she is susceptible
to Domination. She can be physically attacked in the astral
plane. Ifa character can grab the rock in which she is bound,
hewill receive an automatic Domination over her. The rock
is hidden in the top drawer of a desk in an office in the next
room. It looks like a paperweight, but Auspex can detect it
for a magical object. If the character has Auspex, she may
beable to detect it glowing in the desk. The character must
make a Perception + Alertness roll with a target of seven.

Characters
"The body is meant to be seen, not covered up."

Marylin Monroe

The Hag (Dimitri's Queen) - The Journey lasted
for days, but at last Killikillarven found what he had sought.
Nestled deep in aold cave, in Scotland, was a powerful spirit
of darkness strong enough for Dimitri's purposes. He
Teturned to his body, and informed Dimitri of the spirit and
her location.

They were soon in Scotland, outside the cave.
Killikillarven peered inside, his right eye bulging with the
effort of his magic. Yes, there she was, creeping behind the
rocks, hiding from them. Oh, but she was ugly, and so old.

"Seize her, Killi. Seize her for me and put her into this."
Dimitri said as he held forth an ebon stone. Killikillarven
took the rock and went to work on his magic. She was
powerful, and had been ensconced in this cave for centuries,
butstill unready to leave it. But Killikillarven won the battle
of souls and bound her into the rock.

He wiped the sweat from his brow and handed the foul,
steaming thing to Dimitri. "Here she is, Sire. The Hag."

Player of Pawns

67


VAMPIRE=—=

t Méributes
Physteat Soctal
n

su 00000 Chart 00000 Nereptin 2000
Deen 00000 Menu nelle 00
Stamina (00000 Appearanc 000 te ‘$8000
Abilities +
Talents Knowledge
2000 Animal Ken___e0000 thureaser,
‘Nerina 20000 Dre {00000 Comper
‘niet 00000 Uibpelie 0000 Plume
Tew "ooooe Pan "00000 00000
Das 0000 Meee 000 Law
‘00000 0000 Li ‘00000

90000 Oxcul
woo Seen

Leneraip
Streetwie
SublerTige

be ae
Disctptia  Virties

So000 Cougs, s0000
: x
ct +
ster Other Traltys tom—Humanlty" Health
Devel 0
cooo000000 — Pel 0
iywel 2 0
+fee=Willpowermest Wowie 0
Maule 40
eoooo00000 — Maal 48

oooooooo000 Hncopneitated

sHore=Txpertence sot

HHee=Dlood Poole
0000000000

‘Nuiter 730 Able 1S Diciplng: 3 Hacked $ Vis 10 Feeble Pins 13 (1821)

Dimitri held the smoking, scalding rock in his hand. It
still burned with the hatred of the Hag, but Dimitri ignored
the searing of his pale flesh. He reared back his head and
laughed. "You shall serve my Game well, oh Queen."

Since then Dimitri has used the Hag to protect his cap-
tured pieces and his Haven while playing his Game. He
places the rock in the Haven, and the Hag attacks any who
enters not of Dimitri's brood.

Nature: Curmudgeon

Demeanor: Curmudgeon, but sometimes fakes being a
Caretaker ("Oh, you poor child. Come inside and I'll give
you some sweet candy...").

Creation: She has been a Hag since 316 A.D. (she was
an evil witch in life)

Apparent Age: 133

Notes: She can attack someone's soul with her magic,
See the previous section for details.

Image: When she manifests, she is one of the most
loathsome things imaginable. Open sores, dripping pus,
cover her face. Scraggly, limp hair resembling swamp grass
hangs from her head. One of her eyes (varies between
manifestations) is so bugged out from using the Evil Eye that
it is actually hanging from the socket. She is hunched over
and her hands are twisted in an arthriticnightmare. Her voice
sounds like fingernails on a blackboard. But, when she uses
her Glamour, with her Subterfuge, she appears as a kindly

old lady. Other aspects of her Hag Magic can include.
which cause the characters automatic botches, weather:
nipulation and other types of vile sorcery. 1
Roleplaying Hints: Cackle a lot, unless you' ve cast)
Glamour. Then you'reameek church lady. If you have!
someone in and they see through your guise, then scream:
tear at their souls. You have been an old lady for cent
and your lumbago is killing you.
Haven: The rock.

Notes: If, God forbid, another Hag were to meet with
they will form an immediate coven. The other Hag will
to free her.

Rolf and Barb are also guarding the vault. They will try
to attack the characters also. If they are near to losing, they
will flee, catching up with Dimitri at the Succubus Club,

To open the vault that the characters are being kept in
requires a Security + Intelligence roll to figure out the
combination. The difficulty is nine. Eight successes are
needed. It takes 10 minutes per set of rolls. This may take
awhile, Ifacharacter has Potence, he may roll his factor plus
Strength to rip the door open. Due to the vault's construc-
tion, she can only do this if on the outside. The difficulty is
9, and it requires 5 successes to get it open enough for
characters to squeeze out of the vault. Several characters on
the outside can combine their efforts, but any botches mean
they have to start all over again and may have injured
themselves as well.

SCENE SIx:
THE WRATH OF DIMITRI

Dimitri will be enraged at the characters' actions. He will
spend the night with his brood in an alternate Haven, When
the next nightcomes, he will then attemptto kill any of them.
If the characters stay in their havens, Dimitri will scour the
streets for them. They should realize by this point that they
should be making their own moves now, before someone can
again manipulate them. The Succubus Club is where they
know they can find Critias or Dimitri, and take the game to
them. It is also (usually) the safest place in town, especially
now that they will be watching their backs.

Dimitri will catch up with them there. He is close to
Frenzy. If anyone mentions to him that he is losing the
Game, he will snap and fully Frenzy.

He attacks the characters personally, trying to throw them
around brutally, or claw them using his Protean discipline.
The rest of the club will panic. Mortals will flee out of the
way. The bouncers will wisely pull the fire alarm and help
usher mortals outside. Any other Kindred in the club will
stand back and watch, amazed at the audacity of Dimitri.
Even Helena, who has carefully been following the game
from the safety of the VIP lounge, will stay out of the fight.

68 Succubus Club

enly, Critias will appear and attack Dimitri, King vs.

Dimitri's brood will try to stop the characters from

‘Critias. Unless the characters can aid Critias in some
though, he may lose. With their help, he can overcome

declare "Checkmate" and sink his teeth into Dimitri's

body. Dimitri will scream horribly and expire.
" Dimitri's brood will be shattered. Paulov will hang his
head in shame. Rolf will cry. Darva will touch Dimitri's
‘body, as if she cannot believe what has happened. The two
ls will be silent, but both look expectantly at their
indred masters. Killikillarven will weep tears of joy, ex-
claiming "Oh, my spirit is free! Come spirits, we can again
befriends! My demon is dead!" The mortal pawns will run
"away and try to call the police, but Critias will make sure that
his retainers on the force treat them as deranged.
Critias will be immensely thankful, and heady from the
mush of Fourth Generation blood. He declares that the
characters may have any favor of him. If they are angry with
him, he will attempt to make them see his point of view. It
isup to the Storyteller how to run the results of this. If they
are Anarchs, Critias will have a hard time. Butif they wish
for power in the Camarilla, he can help them get it.

Critias tells Dimitri's brood to leave and never return. He
will usher the characters to the private section of the club to
try to gain their favor. Below, the crowd will be let back in.
‘The incident is explained away as a false alarm.

If Dimitri Wins:

If Dimitri wins the fight with Critias, by incapacitating
him, his Frenzy will depart. He will step back and laugh, his
tage gone. He will bow to the characters.

"J thank you fora wonderful Game. It was truly the most
exciting I've had in years. You are welcome in my Domain,
in Russia, anytime." He then laughs manically, gathers his
brood and departs.

Thecharacters are left there, with the incapacitated Critias,
who will already have been summoning aid telepathically. If
it looks like the characters are angry enough to attempt to
destroy him, he will explain to Damien (if Damien is there,
he will summon him otherwise) that he is his Sire. This will
cause Damien to stop the others from doing anything to
Critias. He has many questions of him.

AFTERMATH

It is up to the Storyteller to take it from this point. How
do the characters react to Critias' using them for a game? If
they are not Anarchs, does this drive them over the edge? Do
they tell others in the Camarilla of the Game? If so, they will
be approached by Prias, who will attempt to gain them as
allies to Helena, against Critias and Menele.

The Prince (Lodin, unless a previous adventure changed
his status) of the city will not look upon this affair well at all,
and the Storyteller can use this as he chooses, with the Prince
either blaming Critias or the characters, or both. If Critias
won, the Prince will take out his anger on the characters
(since Critiasis too tough), but Critias will aid them (whether
they wanthim toornot). Ifhe lost, the Prince may ignore the
characters to concentrate his wrath on the weakened Critias
(in this case, Menele will aid Critias, and may even rise from
Torpor).

Player of Pawns 69

4\\

Di

Pundamenzal

erences

The popular misconceptions of Vampires often portray
them as gods both physically and mentally superior to
humans, living lives of dramatic sophistication far above the
mortal realm. Their drives, passions, and even games hold
them so apart from the mass of humanity thatitbecomeseasy
to think of them as something special, superior to the
diminutive Homo sapien. While itis easy to understand why
mortals, so immersed in their legends and stories would
think so, it is less clear why some among the Kindred would
believe the same fables.

When Vampires begin to believe they are above the
mortal plane it means they risk thinking of all those "lesser"
beings as something so far less unique, that they pose no
danger, no threat to the Vampire — a mistake which can
prove supremely dangerous. Arrogance is a weakness, and
ithas been the fault which has brought down many a potent
Elder.

The kine have reversed the tables in this story and at first
the Kindred must run from them and cower in awe of their
powers. The characters must also deal with threats to the
Masquerade, the prying of influential mortals, the schemes
of an incompetent Cainite and their own naive preconcep-
tions. For once the players should have the feeling they

Written By Andrew Greenberg, Illustrated by John Cobb

"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I —
I took the one less traveled by,
And that has made all the difference."

Robert Frost, "The Road Not Taken"

mightactually know what is going on — but of course in the
end their theories will all prove to be wrong. In this story
they will certainly have plenty of opportunities to fail, but
success will bring its own sweet rewards,

In this story the characters must learn to deal with mortals
who do not fit the neat categories Kindred have become used
toplacing kine in. Itdiffers from many other Vampire stories
in that it provides characters with an opportunity to take care
of problems through non-violent conflict resolution, though
they also have ample opportunity to mix it up if they so
desire. Designed to be played by two to five players, it can
serve as an episode in the Forged im Steel Chronicle de-
scribed in Vampire or can even be used as a stand-alone

story.

How To Run Tuis
STORY

This story works best when run at a fairly rapid or even
breakneck pace. The three scenes which make up the story
all occur on a single night and should take no more than a

Fundamental Differences ° 71

single game session to complete. The first scene sets up the
plot and the prepares the players for the night's excitement,
‘scene two builds up the fear and hate both Kindred and kine
feel for those who differ from them, while the final scene
gives the characters the opportunity to resolve everything
(though the solution to their problems can take any of a
multitude of routes). While this works best if run at a
frenzied speed, characters should not be finding themselves
in nonstop combat. Indeed, most of the action and drama
should come in the form of characters negotiating with the
sundry participants while working feverishly to decide on a
course of action.

LiIvE ACTION

Fundamental Differences works very well as a live-
action adventure, You simply need to be able to break up the
action a little bit with prompt and appropriate narration and
the occasional dice roll. Props can be kept to a minimum,
though scenes within the club itself should be accompanied
by loud, preferably industrial music (prepare a compilation
tape or use anything from the Just Say Yes series from Sire)
and most of the non-Vampires the characters meet should
have drinks in their hands. Wave around cigarettes (lit or
unlit) to emphasize your points and, if you feel brave and
your players are not that well dressed, feel free to spill
whatever you are drinking on them. For scenes outside the
club, you may want to prepare a protest placard ("Blood
Dolls wear combat boots" or something similar) and wear a
baseball cap.

A First Mate can prove invaluable during this adventure,
allowing you as storyteller to remain the scene's primary
character while the First Mate plays protestors, Blood Dolls,
other Vampires or whatever. Just make sure the First Mate
reads the entire scenario and knows what direction you want
to take it in.

THE PLOT

Scene One: During a regular visit to the Succubus Club,
the characters notice a horde of protestors out front. The
protestors, predominantly fundamentalist Christians, object
to the evil doings at the Succubus Club, and take particular
offense at the subculture of the Blood Dolls, whom they
consider "death cultists." A number of Blood Dolls are
getting riled up at the protestor, who they consider "self-
Tighteous bigots." The two groups seem bent on a violent
clash until Brennon Thornhill himself comes out and con-
vinces both groups toact peacefully. Justas everyone begins
to relax, a priest steps up to talk with the club owner.
Brennon flies backwards in obvious pain and runs full-tilt
into the safety of the club howling with anger.

Players now have the opportunity to investigate the p
testors and discover they are from Gary. They shou

lear the priest is not connected to the li
find that coming close to him proves especially

Cainites everywhere. The club owner calls on the character
to find out what they can about this individual, and hin
rewards for slaying him.

While the penthouse meeting carries on, the proteston
enter the club itself and cause assorted problems inside,
club's patrons find the situation intolerable, and tensions:
tonew heights. Both sides appear gearing up fora fight. The
characters must intervene in order to prevent an open con-
frontation and the severing of the Masquerade (which they
may be blamed for).

Scene Three: This scene essentially depends on what the
characters choose to do. If they try to kill the priest off, this
scene consists of their efforts along these lines. If, on the
other hand, they make an effort to get to know their "foe,"
they will find him to be a concerned individual more inter-
ested in the plight of Vampires (and the state of their souls)
than revolted by them. Indeed, allying with him can prove
very valuable to the characters' futures. However, this can
be one sure way to earn Brennon's wrath.

Nt
W2aat Is REALLY GOING
ON

Modius, Prince of Gary, generally does not act against
Chicago unless forced to. At this point he has given up on
trying to seize control of the great metropolis, and seems
intent on maintaining a low profile (at least until one the
Methuselahs decide to play him again). During one of his
"planning" sessions with Chicago's Cainite Socialists, how-
ever, their jokes about his lack of influence began to grate on
his nerves. Determined to prove he remained a threat to
Lodin, Modius concocted a scheme sure to bring the wrath
of the Camarilla down on Chicago's Prince. Subtle domi-
nation of several Northern Indiana evangelists led to regular
denunciations of Blood Dolls on radio and television. Since
Gary and the immediate area lacks any Blood Dolls, most of
the criticism has been directed at the clubs in Chicago they
frequent. Sermons on the "evil city" are an old standby, and
never fail to bring across a reaction in the congregation.

Now Modius has arranged for a large number of church
folk to visit the ultimate den of iniquity — the Succubus Club
— and take the battle to the Devil's front door. The First
Unity Baptist Church of Gary plans to charter several buses
to travel from Gary to Chicago, and then disgorge its

72 Succubus Club


‘on the very steps of the Suc-
Club. Once there, they could set

city's Masquerade as they went

iling against "Blood Drinkers."
On top of this, they would cause a
direct threat to one of Lodin's own
progeny —Brennon Thornhill, owner
"ofthe Succubus Club, a Lick Modius
"despises because he was once snubbed
"by the "young arrogant Ventrue who
does not grant his elders proper re-
spect."

Unfortunately, Modius has once
again overlooked certain details which
could threaten his carefully developed
plot. In his certainty that the mortals
would act as he predicted they would,
_ Modius took little action after getting

the ball rolling. He recruited anumber
_ of derelicts to join the protest in order
to make it look larger, but other than

that maintained no presence in the new
plans, If he had, then he would have

Death Cultists Threaten
todays Youth!

Do you Know Who your Child's friends are?
Do They wear Occult Symbols on their clothes?
Have they been "Hanging Out" in Rock and Roll

Death-Worshipper's have Been making their Way
They have Been Drinking Blood in Elaborate

Pretending its the Latest Rage.
First Unity Baptist Church, 599 Niebuhr Lane, Gary Indiana

clubs?

If so, Beware!!!

Among Them

Rituals

become aware of the presence of an
Episcopal minister with a powerful
holy aura whocould make this "threat to the Masquerade" all
too real.

SSS

THEME

The questions of individuality and conformity confront
people everyday, and most people choose which course they
will follow (rebel, follower or something in between) before
they become conscious of having made a choice. Thus an
entire course through life can be chosen unconsciously,
without our conscious determination. In "Fundamental
Differences," the question of conformity or rebellion be-
comes even more important because the characters' choice
will determine the result of the adventure. If they choose to
join the pack — the Vampires wanting to kill the minister —
they may well succeed, but only after creating such a threat
to the Masquerade that they must be killed in turn. If the
characters take their own route by making friends of the
minister, they can gain an invaluable ally as well as garner
a number of implacable enemies.

Independence of thought is an issue which involves
everyone in this story. The protestors have been told Blood
Dolls are evil, and are acting on this information without
ever trying to determine its validity. At the same time, the
club goers react to the protestors with typical mob mentality,
letting loose at the slightest spark, and Kindred handle the
immediate threat with all the individuality of a bee hive hit
by a baseball bat.

Tue Moop

Throughout this adventure, the characters should always
feel they are almost at the point of understanding what is
going on —and always be wrong. Every time they come up
with a pat answer (Modiusis behind everything, the minister
must be slain, etc.), new evidence will appear to show them
they have only solved half the puzzle. After enough of this,
they should reach the point where they will look deeper into
the problems facing them rather than accepting the first
solution they come across, Thus trepidation, indecision and
unease should rule the night.

SCENE ONE:
NicuTt Fury

Forany Succubus Club regular, it seems as though masses
of people always crowd the entrance to the infamous night-
club. Tonight, however, the milling throngs outside appear
worse than ever and an aura of anger and anticipation fills the
street. As the characters approach the club, they notice a
large number of handbills lying on the sidewalk, and see
large numbers of kine involved in fierce debates with one
another. If they pick up one of the handbills, they can read
the boxed figure above.

Fundamental Differences 73

74

Characters who take any time to survey the crowd:
more than stereotypical Succubus Club patrons,
number of middle-aged men and women have gi
together on the sidewalk and yell and scream atall
by. Unlike the stylishly attired club goers, they dress
work clothes and faded dresses. Somecarry signsdeno
Blood Dolls, others wave bibles in the air and some acti
engage Blood Dolls in heated debate. q

Blood Dolls and other club patrons have gathered 0
front of the club and seem highly upset with the p
The club appears to be doing good business despite all
outside excitement, but things seem to be heating up, Se
eral police officers are doing their best to keep the tw
groups apart, but the situation seems to be deteriorating
quickly. |

If the characters dress at all like Vampires or Blood Dolls
are supposed to (a good idea if they hope to gain rapid entry
to the club), then Pervis Ramsley, a short dark-haired man
wearing jeans, a flannel shirt and a baseball cap, will approach
them with fire in his eyes. He forces one of the handbillsinio_
their hands and demands they take it.

"You fools! It's not too late to find salvation! Stop
drinking blood! Turn your backs on the Devil!" he shrieks,

The characters may well feel Ramsley knows about their
Vampirism. However, Pervis merely acts on the false
assumption that anyone who visits the Succubus Club is a
Blood Doll. He practically begs the characters to "turn your
backs on sin," and will not stop talking to them until they
enter the club or leave the area.

Characters who engage Ramsley in conversation have an
opportunity to learn some valuable facts about the protest-
ors, though they will have to sift the information of value
from Pervis' ravings about music, damnation and the evils of
alcohol. If they do take the time, the characters can discover
not only that the protestors come from Gary, but that many
of them (like Ramsley) were paid to make the journey.
While Ramsley has since become caught up in the religious
fervor of the protestors, he admits an elegant gentleman
approached him outside the homeless shelter he stays at in
Gary and paid him $20 to join the protestors for the trip to the
Succubus Club. He then stresses that this was the best thing
that could have happened to him and that the good people he
is with have shown him the true path.

Other than being a potentially humorous (or sad) encoun-
ter, Ramsley gives the characters a chance to find out what
the protestors are up to as well as drop an obvious hint that
a Vampire is behind all this. If given a description of
Modius, he says it sounds like the man who paid him to show
up, but he cannot be sure. He can also shed some light on the
demonstrators' mentality.

Characters who overreact to Ramsley and bring their
Vampiric disciplines into play will draw an extreme reaction

Succubus Club

from the crowd. Screams that Satan is among us and the
apocalypse is dawning will ring out. Actually harming him
will send the crowd into a berserk rage, and they will try to
rend the characters limb from limb. Convincing Ramsley
Blood Dolls are not controlled by Satan requires either 20
successes on an extended Charisma + Oratory roll (target of
7, and if the character ever botches she has to start over
again) or extremely good roleplaying. He hasbeen homeless
since losing his job two years ago and is a rather pitiful
fellow, though he is doing his best to drag himself up from
the bottom, earning money when and where he can.

After having listened to Ramsley's spiel for as long as
they care to, characters can finally try to make their way into
the club. As they approach the entrance, however, they will
notice the two groups have come close to blows. The police
officers are straining to keep them apart, and one has run to
his squad car to call for backup. The characters can take this
opportunity to try and prevent violence or they may try to
incite even more. In any case, before a general melee can
break out, Brennon himself comes out. Aided by his strong
presence and calming voice, he addresses the crowd.

"Excuse me. I am the proprietor of this establishment. I
could not help but notice this gathering from my office
window. I must say I was unaware of the danger you
address. I' msure that my customers are as interested asl am
in finding out more."

‘Un
1

i (pit
rs

As usual with Brennon, it is not as much what he says as
how he says it which relaxes the crowd. The tensions begin
to ease and those most involved in the turmoil turn their
backs on each other. Several of the crowd's leaders come
forward to talk to the club owner. A middle-aged man in the
garb of a priest (Intelligence + Religion, target of 6, to
recognize him as an Episcopal) also breaks apart from the
crowd of on lookers, approaches Brennon and taps him on
the shoulder.

Suddenly the air is rent by an earth-shaking shriek and
windows along the entire block rattle (some even break) as
Brennon leaps nearly five feet in the air. With a look of
horror and pain on his face he races into the club so fast he
bowls over three Blood Dolls waiting to get in. Everyone
looks around in bewilderment, but no explanation is forth-
coming.

A number of club goers who were on the front steps
taunting the crowd, suddenly become enraged (everyone
knows Brennon) and wade into the fundamentalists with
fists raised. A short fight ensues, but is quickly broken up by
bouncers who leap out from the club (perhaps aided by the
characters). However, a number of the protesters and Blood
Dolls are bloodied, and the anger has definitely built on both
sides.

Among the characters' options at this point are entering
the club or continuing to scope out the situation outside. If

Fundamental Differences 75

they take the opportunity, they can try to approach the
minister and find out what happened. Few of the protestors
have any idea who he is, though some know of him as an
Episcopal priest who has attracted a growing following in
the Gary area. If the characters think to seek out Ramsley,
he will tell them the priest is Terrence Coleman, and that the
two met through several of the shelters the priest runs for
Gary's homeless. He will have nothing but praise for the
priest, though he will disparage those who follow the reli-
gion as "fake Protestants" and "wanna-be Papists," terms he
once heard on a radio call-in show.

The characters will find approaching the priest to be an
exceptional task. Just thinking about it sends shivers up their
spine, and coming within five feetofhim requires a Humanity
roll againsta target of 7. Three successes allows the Vampire
to approach closer. A failure means characters cannot
approach closer,. If the characters try to, then they must
make a Courage roll against a target of 6 to keep from
running away ina frenzy justas Brennon did. A botchon the
Humanity roll makes the target to keep from frenzying an 8
and causes them to suffera derangementif they do. Botching
the Courage roll leaves the character standing in one place,
shaking like a leaf in a tornado for as many turns as there
were botches, and suffering from some new derangement.

Kindred who make the first Humanity roll can try to
approach closer or converse with the priest. Coming within
two feet of the priest requires a new Humanity roll with a

target of 8, though only one success is needed. F;
the same effect as above, though the target num
increase by one. Talking to him means the characters
make Self-control rolls against a target of 6. Failure:
the Vampire stands there tongue-tied and stuttering,

The Rev. Terrence Coleman has no idea why he had the
effect on Brennon he did. He has never meta Cainite before
and will not believe in their existence without
proof. He does know that when he touched the club own
however, he felt a sudden surge of warmth flow through h
hand. Thus he guesses he gave the club owner a shock with
static electricity he had somehow picked up.

In fact, Coleman isa truly compassionate man whose love
and concern for everyone else in the world has led him ip
possess what Kindred call "True Faith," though others"
would say he was an exceptionally gifted psychic. Attempis
to harm him will face the consequences detailed below, his
aura always shines with a bright, rippling golden color and
very perceptive people (Perception + Botany, target of 10)
notice he smells slightly of roses even after he has completed
strenuous exercise.

Those who do manage to converse with the priest will —
discover he has not come to the Succubus Club to protest. In
fact, he has little in common with the demonstrators and
really came to see what all the fuss was about. He sees the
Blood Dolls to be little different from the beatniks, hippies
or any of the innumerable youth movements which have
come and gone during his lifetime. Obviously he would
prefer they spent their time in church or school instead of at
the club, but as he says, "Ye fathers, provoke not your
children to wrath."

Still, stories about Blood Dolls have stirred things up
tremendously down in Gary, and Coleman has come northto
see just what all the commotion is about. He has been talking
to a number of the club goers and has found them all to be
highly intelligent, "ifa little self-centered." Still, "judge not,
that ye be not judged." If the characters give him reason to
believe they are Blood Dolls, he will try to talk to them about
these stories of infant sacrifices and blood drinking which
have been bandied about in Gary. He has no idea where the
Tumors come from, but notes much of the criticism has been
aimed at Chicago as well as the Blood Dolls.

In this encounter the characters should have an opportu-
nity to at least gauge Coleman's abilities even if they find
themselves incapable of talking to him. Their conversation
may not last too long, however, since merely being around
the priest brings a queasy feeling to the Vampires' long-
unused stomachs. In any event, when the conversation has
dragged on long enough, the manager of the Succubus Club
will approach the characters and tell them Brennon would
like to see them in the penthouse.

When the characters enter the club, they discover the
mood pervading everything is very ugly. Everyone is

76 Succubus Club

iplaining about the protestors outside, and are shouting at
ones who have actually come in. A number of punks
downstairs have come up to the main floor, and a
of them are talking about going outside to "bash
heads." Even the bouncers are in a fury, and are being
rough with anyone looking even alittle bitconventional
—thisis the one night ruffians will not get thrown out unless
they do something very wrong. Allinall, try tocreateamood
‘ofexcitement and anticipation as the entire club is ready for
afight, and indeed it even seems to look forward to it.

‘Thecharacters will have no luck finding out what happened
toBrennon unless they go to the penthouse. On their way up
they will find some punks breaking up a chair, so as to
- fashion themselvesclubs. One of them yells tothe characters,
"If they try to come in here they won't get very far!" When
the characters reach the penthouse, begin Scene Two.

Atany point in this scene, the characters can decide their
favorite night spot has attracted too much attention and
decide to leave. If this happens before Brennon has made his
appearance and quicker disappearance, speed up events soit
happens immediately. If they have seen what happened to
_ Brennonand decide it is too hot here for their tastes, have the
club manager come out and say Brennon has requested their
presence within. If the characters still decide to leave, go to
Failed Attempt in Scene Three.

SCENE Two:
DeEviLs WITHIN

However the players end up in the penthouse, they find
Brennon wearing a track in his carpet, pacing around the
room so quickly they could swear he was using Celerity.
Also gathered in the penthouse are Portia, Gengis and Sir.
No mortals are present, and the manager leaves after seeing
the characters in, As they enter the penthouse, they hear
Brennon railing against the priest.

"...must be done. Just one mortal like that is a threat to
all of us. Never, never before have I suffered the kind of pain
he put me through. If we don' t do it now, we may never get
the chance again."

At this point he notices the characters and waves them to
seats. If they spent any time talking to the priest, Brennon
will grill them as to what happened, demanding to know
what they and the priest had to say to each other. Once they
have filled him in to his satisfaction (he probably saw their
encounter through his window), Brennon will resume his
pacing at an even more furious clip.

"So you too have experienced the pain I did. That...
creature... is a menace and must be destroyed. Oh, the
agony of his touch. To think one such as he could cause the
pain he did. I thought such men were gone. He must be the

one behind this accursed spectacle taking place outside my
doors. He must die and die tonight."

If the characters make any sort of challenge to Brennon's
claims, he will turn on them with incredible ferocity, calling
them "wretched childer" and yelling that the only thing
worse than a "rogue headhunter is a Cainite who sides with
the Canaille." He then goes into another tirade against that
"damnable, sanctified wight and his army of the great
unwashed." After a few minutes of this ranting and raving,
during which time he will lambaste the protestors as much as
the priest, he tums to the other Kindred present and demands
to know where they stand on this greatest of all threats. He
screams at them: "Who will rid me of this man?"

Gengis will be the first to jump into the debate. Inside the
club when Brennon was touched, the Anarch gota great deal
of pleasure out of seeing the high and mighty Ventrue tear
through the club as though Satan was on his heels. During
Brennon's monologue, however, he began to become wor-
ried about the threat the priest might pose to himself and
other Vampires. Thus he will join with Brennon in denounc-
ing Coleman and calling for his immediate execution.

"Who does that jerk think he is, coming here like that? We
oughtta take' em all out, starting with him and moving right
through the rest of those dumb grits. Serve ‘em right for
tryin' to ruin our fun. I'm witcha on this one Brennon."

Sir originally feared the threat to the Masquerade
Brennon's plan would entail, but Gengis' brief harangue has
kicked him into their camp. "One who can both command
a legion of kine and protect himself from our special talents
is afactor we do not need in this town. This worthless cur is
@ threat to us and all we hold dear. Indeed, our damnable
lives may be in danger from them. If we do not deal with his
threat now, it might be too late."

Portia will not speak up, and none of the other three will
address her throughout this Scene. Uncertain about exactly
what this priest can do, she has opted to remain silent and
none of the other three will attempt to drag out her position.
So, following Sir's calm exposition, Brennon will turn to the
characters and demand to know where they stand.

If the characters did not talk with Coleman already, or if
they made no argument with Brennon's assertion that the
priest must die, then the above dialogues will still occur, but
the Kindred will be less concerned about the characters'
position. They accept it as a forgone conclusion that the
characters will side with them, and any sign of disagreement
will come as a shock.

Should this happen, all three Kindred will turn on the
characters atonce, calling them "unholy traitors" (Brennon's
term), "snot-nosed stalker lovers" (Gengis) and "base
villains" (Sir). Then Brennon will demand that the characters
slay the priest themselves, "or else face the wrath of all
right-thinking Kindred." Continuing refusal to do so will

Fundamental Differences 77

bring about threats of Lodin's wrath, though none of those
Present will try to physically force the characters to do
anything. Still, the characters will soon find themselves in
trouble with both the Ventrues and the Anarchs, since
Brennon and Gengis will carry the story of what happened
back to their respective allies.

Since the theme of the story is individuality and con-
formity, most Kindred will react to the characters as their
group does, though some can be convinced to do otherwise
if spoken too in private. Still, characters may well find
Chicago to be rather inhospitable for some time and they
certainly will not be welcome in the Succubus Club. You
must make this peer pressure palpable. Use your skills as a
Storyteller to get the players to conform, and to feel the
Pressure that their characters are feeling. Who among us has
not done something horrible because of peer pressure?

So what happens if the characters side with the other
Vampires? The group will immediately start planning
Coleman's demise, devising and rejecting a variety of highly
violent ends for the priest. Brennon remains so livid that
nothing short of a gory and highly visible death will satisfy
him. He wants to make an example of the priest so he will
never be threatened by mortals again (or so his flawed logic
works). Gengis wants the priest abducted and subjected to
slow and painful torture. Sir wants the murder to be quick
and silent, avoiding any risk to the Masque.ade.

Finally the three will give up and ask the charactersio|
care of the situation. They will note that the characters mal
up a strong coterie (whether they do or not), and then

start discussing their own visibility ("I have a club tou,
"Ican'tdo it. Everyone knows me" ). Brennon and Sir: il
offer no reward but will give a great deal of moral

Tf the characters make any sign that they will go ahead

the assassination, then Gengis will offer to help them
will join them for the rest of the scenario, though he willoffer
little in the way of constructive suggestions. Also, thoughhe
will never admit it, the idea of confronting this priest scares
him like little else ever has,

If the characters try to involve Portia in any of the
Planning, the other three Kindred will laugh at the idea ofa
neophyte being of any use in this situation — a comment
which will bring a smile to her luscious lips. Indeed, all three
Tetain a good bit of sexism from their mortal lives, and this
unconsciously colors their view of the powerful Methuselah,
Portia herself will not offer any aid, and will beg off if the
characters ask her help or her stand, saying she really hasnot
been around long enough to be able to be of any use.

When the characters head out of the penthouse and
through the club, they will be surprised to see the crowd
inside has come to mirror the one outside. Without Brennon
to order them kept out, a number of the protestors have paid
the club's cover charge and made their way on to the dance
floor. Now they stand there, disapprovingly watching all
that goes on around them.

In response, Blood Dolls and punks have jammed the
dance floor, and their dancing has become wilder and more
out-of-control than usual. They slam and shake around the
fuming protestors, taking no care to keep from bumping into
them and often going out of their way to do so. Several
couples have begun what must surely be their most lewd and
lascivious dance ever, and the protestors make a point of not
looking at them.

Other groups also seem to be taking offense at the pres-
ence of the protestors. Drug dealers have gathered in small
clumps and talk quietly, casting looks of death at the intruders,
Several drunk college students have gotten into a fierce
debate with one of the pastors from Gary, and two equally
drunk punk women are trying to put the moves on another
pastor.

To make matters worse, Terrence Coleman has entered
the club as well, and now wanders around within, Strangely,
no one seems to confront him. The Blood Dolls leave him
alone, though everyone watches him when he walks by.
Rev. Coleman stops here and there to talk to people, and
finds his earlier view of the Blood Dolls being no different
from earlier youth movements to hold true (though most of
them would object strenuously to being compared to hippies).
If the players seek him out, they will find him deep in
conversation with two Blood Dolls, one male and one
female, who sit holding hands and complaining about their

78 Succubus Club

parents, They may overhear the story circulating through the
club about how one of the punks brandished a chair leg in
front of the priests face, but then suddenly broke down in
tears and walked away.

SCENE THREE:
CHOICE FRIENDS

The action in this scene essentially depends on the char-
acters' choice of actions. While there are theoretically an
infinite number of choices they can take, most will revolve
around whether or not they try to kill Coleman. While itmay
appear that the easier course would be to just kill the priest
and be done with it, characters will find it easier to plan his
death than to carry it out.

First of all, Coleman will almost always be found talking
to other mortals. He is extremely sociable by nature, and
people, even Blood Dolls, tend to be attracted to him. He
offers them apatient, caring audience, and they take advantage
of the opportunity. Though they may fear and hate him in
concept (especially when they hear about how he "stabbed
Brennon"), when they meet him in person they are won over
by his kindness and gentleness. In contrast to the hate in the
rest of the club, those who are speaking or have spoken to
him are calm and passive. (Something which completely
enrages Gengis if he notices it or has it brought to his
attention.)

The second difficulty in killing Coleman comes from the
fact that characters find it difficult to approach him and those
most able to (having high Humanity) are the least likely ones
toagree to his execution. Those with low Humanity may be
more willing to take action against the priest, but they will
have a harder time doing it.

Finally, Coleman has protection. While this protection is
explained more deeply in his description (below), it mani-
fests itself in unconscious warnings of danger and actual
interference when troubles break out. Thus characters may
find their first attempts stymied and, if they are not careful,
may send the priest scurrying for police help.

Some methods characters might attempt for removing
Coleman include:

Mugging. An actual physical assault on Coleman may
be the first route to spring to the characters' minds, but it will
probably also be just as quickly discarded. Aside from the
great revulsion Vampires feel when they try to draw close to
the priest, there is the added obstacle of his sociability.
People seem to be drawn to Coleman, and the characters will
find it particularly difficult to get him alone and even more
difficult to get him to leave. This problem does not come
from any suspicion on the part of the priestas itdoes from the
fact that people are always trying to talk to him. Still, if

characterscan overcome their revulsion and convince him to
go to a quiet place, they may try to kill him. Of course, it is
up to you if the quiet place they choose just happens to be
being used by an off-duty police officer to make out with her
boyfriend.

*Sniper. Another plan which may come up and be
quickly discarded is to just blow the priest away. Pulling
firearms in the Succubus Club is a good way to get Brennon,
Gengis, Sir and Portia in a very bad mood. Characters may
survive the first three Kindred on that list, but Portia will go
to great lengths to keep her haven safe. Also, remember the
police outside of the club trying to keep order (maybe the riot
squad is there by now). If the characters somehow manage
to shoot at the priest without people in the club noticing (use
a flash suppressor and silencer, lure him outside, create a
diversion, etc.), the difficulty to hitmay well be exceptionally
high (dark club +1, target in a crowd +1, extreme range). If
the shots hit, then remember his soak roll. If shot and not
immediately Incapacitated, he will scream, call out for help
and start heading for cover.

Hired Gun. If the characters try to get a mortal to do
their dirty work, either through the powers of Domination or
cold cash, the kine will be able to avoid the revulsion which
so hampers the Kindred. However, mortal attempts on
Coleman's life face the same obstacles Vampiric ones did.
Inaddition, if the assassin actually meets the priest, Coleman

Fundamental Differences 79

, \
HAY {

may well have an intense effect on him. Mesmerization
which previously required only three successes now needs
five, or the assassin comes back and throws the money in the
characters' faces before running off to join a convent. In
other words, it requires a rare mortal to kill Coleman. This
may be a good way for a character to lose that valued
retainer. Such is the price of conformity.

*Poison. Since almost everyone in the club is drinking
something, the characters might think to order him a martini
with a twist of mouse poison. If the characters do give him
an alcoholic beverage, he will accept it politely but abandon
it at his earliest opportunity (he does have to drive back to
Gary tonight, after all). If the characters try to give hima soft
drink, he will quietly demur, saying he does not drink sodas.
Ifthe characters offer him tea or water he will accept. At this
point it is up to you as Storyteller as to whether someone
jostles his hand, making him spill the piping-hot or ice-cold
drink on a character.

Everything Else. One cannot even hope to plan for all
the crazy schemes the characters may use to try and off the
priest. Digging spiked pits for him to fall in, aiming an 18-
wheeler at him, trying to drop a one-ton weight on him,
unleashing ghoul pigeons to peck him to death — there is no
practical limit to their ingenuity (stupidity?). Still, there are
some things to keep in mind for all attempts on Coleman's
life. First of all, he is protected. Any attempts on his life face
the complete hex of Murphy's Law, and whatever can go

wrong will go wrong. Secondly, the club is packed with
hostile regulars and protestors, all looking for trouble. Ifthe
characters start something, they are sure to join in (remember
the theme), causing even more problems for everyone as
their violence trashes the club. Finally, the police are at the
club and they may well be there in force. Ifthe characters did
nothing to calm the crowd after Brennon fled the scene, or
were unable to, then more police have been called in. If
things have really gotten out of hand, there may be several
dozen members of the riot squad in full battle dress standing
nearby, angeredat having been called to duty on this beautiful
night.

There is one final point the characters need to take into
account when developing plans to kill Coleman. Preventing
Humanity loss just from attempting such a murder requires
aConscience roll with a target of 8, If the characters actually
spent any time talking to the priest and then kill him, the
Humanity loss is automatic, and they have to make Con-
science rolls againsta target of 6 to keep from losinga second
point!

Ifthe characters do not try to kill Coleman, then they have
a number of other options. They can abandon the mission
{and the club) as a lost cause, in which case go to Failed
Attempt, below. If they decide to try to strike up a dialogue
with the priest, they will find him to be most obliging. Of
course, he will not believe they are Vampires without the
most extreme of proof. Still, characters can find him
invaluable to their future. For instance, Coleman has a
wealth of valuable information about Gary and its most
important residents. He knows everyone who is a major
player in the city, and they know and respect him as well,
allowing him to wield a great deal of power. He provides the
best means of averting large scale combat between club
goers and protestors, since Brennon remains in a funk
upstairs.

While he knows nothing about the Kindred of Gary, he
knows enough of their major mortal pawns to be able to help
the characters out of any incidents which may occur regarding
Modius and the others. Through judicious questioning of the
protestors leaders, hecan determine Modius planted the seed
of the protestor in their minds (if the characters describe
Modius to him, that is).

Also, Vampirescan eventually become used to Coleman's
presence and, after along enough time, come to enjoy it. The
first time a character makes five successes on one of the two
Humanity rolls to come close to the priest, the difficulty for
all future rolls is cut in half, to 3 and 4, respectively. After
the second time the character rolls five successes, she need
never again make aroll to approach him unless at some point
she suffers an extreme Humanity loss. Then it is up to you
as Storyteller to decide if the old fears crop up yet again.

In addition, Coleman exerts a very calming force over
those around him. After a character becomes used to him,
future frenzy rolls made in the priest's presence have their

80 Succubus Club


difficulty reduced by one. If the character botches a Frenzy
roll while Coleman is around, then they can make a second
toll to see if they suffer a Derangement. The roll is made
exactly the sameas the original Frenzy roll and with the same
difficulty, but any failure (not only a botch) will cause a
Derangement.

Since Coleman so frequently involves himself in humani-
farian endeavors, associating with him can provide the
characters with a ready-made course to Humanity gain, as
well as serving as the hook for future adventures with that as
the goal, With him around, rolls to increase Humanity have
their difficulty decreased by one.

Finally, if the characters reveal their Vampirism to him,
Coleman will prove to be an exceptionally valuable asset in
the quest for Golconda. He has great experience in aiding
those who feel they have committed horrid acts, and can
serve as an outstanding catalyst to helping the characters
through the stage of remorse. Essentially, he can allow you
4s Storyteller to interact with the characters, talking about
their past sins and helping the characters feel the pain of what
they have done in the past.

He can also try to help guide them through other stages,
though almost theentire journey must be handled individually.
Still, he can provide an anchor for characters preparing to
brave the most treacherous parts of their own minds, increas-
ing the chance of success and lessening the severity of

Hue icity

failure. If nothing else, it always helps to know you have
someone else on your side.

Characters should not know the benefits the Rev. Terrence
Coleman can provide when they make their decision to kill
him or not. They also should not become aware of his
potential to aid them until the third scene, if at all.

What they should remain aware of is the other Cainites'
hatred of the holy man. If Gengiscame along with them, then
he will continually try and get the characters to kill him.
Otherwise, while characters converse with Coleman, allow
them easy Perception + Alertness rolls to occasionally notice
Brennon looking on with displeasure from some dark area.
If they have made no move to kill the priest by 2 a.m. (or
whenever you feel appropriate), then Brennon will imperi-
ously summon them to the penthouse and demand to know
what the delay is.

Brennon remains deranged from his contact with the holy
man, but has finally begun to notice that the immediate threat
to his club the protestors represent outweighs the threat of
the minister. He will rant and rave about the minister, but
will especially rail about his leadership of the protestors. If
players offer him anything resembling proof that Modius
was behind the entire affair, his anger at the priest will lessen
(as will his ire with characters who opted not toslay Coleman).
This being the case, he will do nothing against the priest
tonight, and will begin planning his revenge against Modius.

Fundamental Differences 81

If the characters fail to kill the priest and do nothing to
assuage Brennon's anger, then the club owner and Sir will
make their own attempt on Coleman's life. Sirarms himself
witha heavy revolver and waits outside the club for Coleman
toleave. When he does, Sir will take a few shots at him from
an alley and then spend a Blood point to flee up the side of
a building. Characters may try to pursue him if they want,
but he does have a substantial head start and an excellent
knowledge of the nearby area. Thus a character will need
two successes ona Wits + Alertness roll of 8 to even see who
shot the priest, then a Dexterity + Athletics roll with a
difficulty of 8 (five successes) to climb up the same building
and finally a Perception + Alertness roll with a difficulty of
8 to see where he went. Then the chase proceeds normally,
though Sir will still have his head start.

This assassination attempt will draw the attention of the
police. They will start questioning everyone in the area and
take the priest to the hospital, though his own defenses
should have protected him from any serious damage. For the
test of the evening, however, the Succubus Club will not be
a happy place to be around. A number of fights break out
between the Blood Dolls and the protesters, and the police
inevitably get in the middle. Soon itisa full-fledged riotand
ahuge number of police officers are called in, and of course
the media follows close behind. The Succubus Club has
comeoutof the shadows, and is not longer protected from the
prying eyes of society. The Masquerade has been threatened
and Lodin is not pleased.

Bar Brawl

On top of all these problems, remember the p
inside the club itself. Due to his derangement:
priest, Brennon has done nothing to deal with their:
into his club and has left the problem to his o
manager. The manager, afraid to keep them outorkickthem,
out unless they do anything wrong, has been on the verge
a nervous breakdown for most of the night. He will
accept any offer of help in dealing with the protestors,
without the characters' aid, confrontations betweenre
and demonstrators will inevitably turn violent.

Still, it is unlikely the characters will do anything tohelp
Out, despite the fact that whenever they enter the club area,
they will notice angry disputes going on, violent confronta-
tions and bouncers running to-and-fro trying to keep order,
The protest does not need to turn into a near riotif you donot _
want it to, but it is certainly probable. If this happens, then:
at some time of your choosing, a well-known Punk and one
of the most vocal pastors get into a shouting and shoving
match which soon degenerates into an all-out brawl. Im-
mediately their friends become involved and soon the fight
has spread through the entire bar. The bouncers will be
helpless to take care of the problem, and in this scenario as
well the riot squad is called in to take care of the incident,
with the media on their heels. The least of the damage to the
Succubus Club will be the lingering smell of tear gas.

If the characters do help prevent trouble or somehow stop
the riot, then the manager will be extremely thankful and will
let Brennon know about their aid. When Brennon calms
down (the next night) he will thank the characters deeply, if
insincerely. They will have picked up the manager' s gratitude,
however, and in the future he will go out of his way to help
them. Give each character who contributed to stemming the
tide @.violence a point in Contacts.

On the other hand, characters could leave the scene or
spend their time cowering in the Labyrinth. In this case, not
only do they not gain a Contact, the manager comes to have
an intense dislike for anyone who was there that night and
will especially remember the characters since they were
constantly going in and out of Brennon's penthouse.

Failed Attempt

Ifsomeone other than the characters tries to kill the priest,
the attempt will fail and the priest will contact the police.
Here he will come into contact with Detective Stephens, and
the two will combine forces as Vampire Hunters. Since
Coleman will never have had the opportunity to see Vam-
pires as anything other than the stereotypical dark murder-
ers, he will devote himself to the new task with unstinting
energy. This is also the result if the players fail to kill him
orthey give up on the adventure entirely. Needless to say, the

82 Succubus Club

characters should end up as some of his next victims for their
unwillingness to deal with him now. They must learn that
even inaction has consequences.

Cast if Characters
(in order of appearance)

Typical Protestor — Most of the protestors come
from fundamental, evangelical churches around North In-
diana, Their concern about Blood Dolls began two months
ago, when the subject first became a hot topic in sermons,
teligious broadcasts and local talk shows. Since none of the
protestors have actually met any Blood Dolls, they allowed
their imaginations to run roughshod over reality until they
came to believe Blood Dolls represented all that is evil in the
world,

Recently, several pastors began planning this protestafter
hearing (from Modius) that the Succubus Club served as a
nexus for Blood Doll activity. Together they put together
their meager resources, rented several old school buses, and
whipped up their congregations into a furor of indignation
over the activities of these "murderous death culties." On the
day for the trip, more than 100 people gathered at the First
Unity Baptist Church. Since the Blood Doll debate had just
sprung on the scene, no one in Chicago had any indication a
protest like this was in the offing. Modius, who had been
afraid there would not be enough people, paid 20 homeless
men to also go on the trip to Chicago. Most of these have
beenconverted on the trip up, though their faith will be tested
on their return to Gary when they discover they still have no
home, no money and no hope.

All the protestors' Attributes are at two, unless you need
@ stronger or weaker one for some reason. Most have
Abilities including Drive 1, Theology 1 and (Knowledge) 1
where the knowledge refers to their primary occupation (i.¢.,
cleaning, farming, real estate). At your discretion, some
might have weapons or brawling knowledge, and a few may
even have a ranking in Occult. Humanity is an eight and
Willpower is six. Roleplaying Hints: Loud, rude and
obnoxious. You know the truth and you are going to speak
it, The fact that you are surrounded by dozens of other
people reinforcing your beliefs does not hurt your ardor.

Pervis Ramsley — Pervis managed to hold on to his
job at the steel mill longer than most steel workers did, but
finally the bosses had to lay offeven him. Sure that his skills
would land him a job at another plant at any moment, Pervis
refused to leave Gary, and lived off his unemployment
benefits while he hunted anew job. When three months had
passed without him having any luck, Pervis decided the steel
industry had hit a temporary slump and decided to look for
other work. After another six months, his compensation run
dry, Pervis began to realize this might be more than a
temporary downturn for Gary. Unfortunately, this realiza-
tion came at the same time his landlord evicted him for non-

payment of rent and a collection agency repossessed his car.
Suddenly homeless in Gary, with no family to turn to and all
his friends in similar straits, Pervis found himself out in the
cold. He swallowed his pride and "temporarily" moved into
a homeless shelter. That was almost a year ago. Now he
takes money when and where he can, so the $20 from Modius
was a godsend.

AllPervis' Attributes are at two except for his Intelligence
(one) and his Dexterity (three). His Abilities are Brawl 1,
Streetwise 1, Drive2,Repair2 and Welding 3. His Humanity
is eight and his Willpower is five. Roleplaying Hints:
Currently filled with religious zeal, the other protestors have
convinced you of the rightness of their cause. However, you
have never been a particularly fervent Christian, and can be
talked out of this current obsession.

Brennon Thornhill — This beganas sucha pleasant
night for Brennon Thornhill. He hada pretty new Blood Doll
ready and willing to serve as his vessel for the week, itlooked
like he would be drawing a good-sized crowd for the night
and negotiations to have Baby Chorus play the Labyrinth
again looked promising. Then a bouncer brought word of a
disturbance outside. Opening his window to get a better
indication of what was going on, Thornhill got his first sense
that tonight might not be as wonderful as he would like.

The encounter with the priest drove this point home.
Brennon had no self-control when the priest tapped him on
the shoulder (the one die he could roll for Self-Control was
abotch). Now Brennon has developed an intense hatred for
the priest which will carry over into the rest of his life.
Whenever around a priest who reminds him in any way of
Coleman, Brennon becomes edgy and snappish, and begins
looking for the quickest way outof the situation. Roleplaying
Hints: For now, your derangement focuses itself as an
intense desire to see Coleman dead.

Terrence Coleman — Terrence's parents knew the
boy was different from a very early age. He claimed to see
faeries in the woods around their Vermont home, and talked
about speaking with angels. His parents were sure this was
merely a stage the boy would grow out of, and sure enough,
he eventually stopped discussing his "imaginary" friends.
The reason he stopped talking about it, however, was because
he got tired of not being believed, not because it stopped
happening.

His childhood conversations with angels remained an
important focus of his life as he grew up. The angels had told
him helping others would be his calling in life, and he found
helping people made him feel complete as nothing else
would. At first he wanted to be a doctor and spent his spare
time between the ages of eight and 22 working in the local
hospital. After seeing people come in hurt in varying ways,
he came to the conclusion that many of these injuries were
self-inflicted, either consciously or unconsciously. Figuring
he could better serve others by helping them prevent these

Fundamental Differences 83


Advantag. +

Bache Virtues
Camere" _seeee
‘ScitControl__seeee
Caner seeee

x
+

stoeHumaniymee te Iealth at
Vewed =O.

eeccccccce aoe iat

S0000 eo

20009 ap Willpower—=et- Wendel §

t—Combat—wt CP CORO COOe
goocogcoca

"tomBlood Poolmeet

Le [Tee

‘Autos 780 AN 1 Dips 3 ache 3 Viewte 7 Fre Posen 18027)

injuries rather than healing them afterwards, Terrence began
casting about for a new profession.

After graduating from college, he took a year-long trip
through Europe on his bicycle. Among the places he visited
on this trip were the religious sites of the continent, where he
began to feel as though someone was guiding him. As he
went through the journey, this feeling became stronger and
stronger at each stop, whether it be Lourdes, the Vatican,
Canterbury or a host of others. The conversation with his
family priest after he finally returned to the United States
merely solidified his plans and soon he was on his way to
becoming a priest.

As the Rev. Terrence Coleman, he has been able to both
go out in the community and help people as well as having
them come to him. Now he feels as though he deals with the
core problems affecting others and not just the symptoms.
He runs several homeless shelters (very necessary in Gary),
helps out at others and runs a host of other community
services. On top of that, he ministers to a rapidly growing
congregation and has recently become a factor in civic
affairs, playing the role of compromiser and unifier for
disparate groups. Some people in-the-know have begun to
say he is the city's best hope for escaping the depression
which has become synonymous with Gary.

Now in his early 50s, though he looks younger, Terrence
maintains a fairly athletic build and is still an avid biker and

swimmer. He is beginning to bald and his remaining hairhas
gone salt-and-pepper.

True Faith: Terrence actually is protected by some
force, though whether it is spiritual, mystical, psychic,
unholy or even Vampiric is up to you. It manifests firstasa
subconscious warning that something is about to happen and
then as actual "physical" protection. In game tems, all
attempts to hit the priest, whether in ranged or unranged
combat, are resolved at a difficulty one higher than normal,
Secondly, Terrence can make a soak roll using his Stamina
of three againstany attack, including guns, knives or whatever,
since he subconsciously moves away from a dangerous
attack, thus avoiding serious injury.

Finally, supernatural beings (Vampires, werewolves,
fairies and spirits, for instance) find it very difficult to
approach the priest. If they fail a Humanity roll in trying to
approach him (three successes against a target of 7 to get
within five feet, one success against a target of 8 to get
closer), then a wave of intense heat washes over them,
Effects from this heat either keep them from approaching
closer, cause them to run away or to stand there frozen in
agony. For a supernatural being to communicate with him
requires a Self-Control roll of 6.

Terrence also has the ability to detect creatures of the
supernatural, though he does not know it. When the protec-
tive nature of his aura is activated (those Humanity rolls), he
gives off a faint scent of roses. He may notice the smell, as
will the characters, but as yet has not had the experience to
put one and one together.

Roleplaying Hints: First of all, you have long felt
external forces help guide your actions and tend to act
impulsively, believing these external forces will always be
there for you. To date your instincts have always been right.
These instincts are rarely selfish, however. In fact, they
generally lead you tosomeone else in trouble. Secondly, you
are the consummate listener. Youcan usually get to the heart
of someone's difficulties merely by letting them talk to you,
so let them speak as they please. Occasionally you use soft
spoken questions to guide them along. ("So how did that
make you feel?" "What did you do then?")

Gengis —Gengis did not like priests when he was alive
and he certainly does not like them now that he is a Vampire,
He reacts to Coleman instinctively, but the fact that Brennon
provides him with a lead to follow does not hurt any.

For this adventure he serves as the representative of all
Vampires, reacting to events with their most bestial side. If
the characters do not immediately try tokill the priest, he will
try to convince them to do the dirty deed. If they try to talk
with Coleman, he will stand around uncomfortably, making
comments like "Let's do it now" and "If I had a rocket
launcher. ..". On the other hand, if the characters do attempt
to kill Coleman, he will offer them all his help and suggest

84 Succubus Club

‘new and more dreadful ways to deal with the priest ("If we
gota jar of honey and 1,000 fire ants. . . ").

Ifyou are running this story live action, Gengis makes a
Perfect character for the First Mate to take on through it all.
Justtry to mix both hiscomic elements (the rebel conformist)
with his tragic ones.

Sir — Sir usually gives little thought to matters other
than his own pleasures, but Brennon and Gengis have
inflamed him against Coleman. Still, he will not take action
by himself. He requires the presence of another Kindred
(Brennon) in order to take action. Once he does decide to
" take action, he is rather effective, though we all know he
~ cannotsucceed, Still, he should come close enough to get the

SUGGESTIONS FOR
ADDING More ACTION

If your players are the type more interested in action than
non-violent conflict resolution, you can spice up this adven-
ture in a number of ways. However, always keep in mind
both the theme and the mood. Thus, if a bomb is set to go off,
people will act like a crazed herd trying to escape. Also, the
players should never be completely sure they have gotten the
only one.

Normally a non-violent man, Lamar Travis reached his
breaking point when he heard the Blood Dolls had drunk the
blood from a baby, and he decided to destroy the center of the
scourge once and for all. He has planted a substantial
quantity of plastique explosives under the stage near the
labyrinth. Now the players overhear two protestors talking

about the rumor that a bomb has been planted. The players
caneither track down the bomb themselves or go to Brennon.
Brennon, however, remains in a lather over the presence of
the minister and even the threat to his precious club fails to
distracthim. He merely asks the characters to takecare of the
problem and then returns to his pacing.

The protestors have picked the night of a major drug deal
to make their stand. A group of Kevin Jackson's Bloods
have arranged to buy a van filled with 100 kilos of cocaine
in the club's parking lot. They have decided the presence of
the protestors is intolerable and have decided to clear them
from the front of the club. They begin by buzzing the
demonstrators at high speeds in their Mercedes. When this
does not work, they take to firing Roman Candles and bottle
rockets at little pockets of protestors. While this would
normally bring down Brennon's wrath in seconds, tonight
there is no one to do anything about it. When even this does
not work, the Bloods will forget that the whole idea of their
actions was to make the club attract less attention and will
fire into the crowd from the roof of another building.

Jason Kendrick, an honest cop (yes, even Chicago has
one), has long suspected the police who patrol near the
Succubus club are on the take. Their long delay in requesting
backup to deal with the mob has given him the opportunity
he has long wanted to sweep out the place from top to
bottom. Acting on his own authority, he will mobilize
officers in riot gear and sweep through the club. This dragnet
does more than just catch dozens of underage drinkers;
within minutes drug dealers have begun armed opposition to
this threat. Patrons flee from all exits, police go wild
arresting everyone they can and the Succubus Club becomes
a war zone. Note that this event will probably lead to the
permanent closing of the club as well as make both Brennon
and Helena spitting mad at anyone there that night.

Fundamental Differences 85

@ JANE Auus.a 94.

_ Deach's Sweet Sting i

Written by Lisa Stevens, Illustrated by Josh Timbrook

"So when this corruption shall have put on incorruption,
and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall

be brought to pass the saying that is written, Death is
swallowed up in victory. O death where is thy sting? O

grave, where is thy victory?"

— Bible, I Corinthians 15:

‘The spectre of death hangs over most mortals from the
time they first form cognizant thoughts. They are confronted
by their own mortality ona daily basis. For the Kindred, this
has changed in a drastic way. Many view themselves as
being immortal, with nothing to fear in life but other Kindred.
‘The death that casts such a pall on the life of mortals is but
awhimsical memory for most Vampires. Therefore, it is not
surprising that anything which poses areal threat to the "life"
ofaKindred is met with a good deal of genuine and irrational
fear. The spectre of death has decided to pay a visit to the
Succubus Club, but this time, his aim is set on the Kindred...

How To Run Tuis
STORY

The key to running this story successfully lies in the
continuous building of the tension throughout the scenes.
When the dead bodies start showing up at the Succubus
Club, the characters will start to feel the tension, wondering

Death's Sweet Sting

54-55

who is committing the murders, and when and where they
will strike next. The uneasy alliance with the Vampire
hunter Saul will add to this tension too. The chase over the
Chicago rooftops amplifies the tension by combining physi-
cal risk, adrenaline surge and the promise of a satisfying
climax when the murderer is finally apprehended. The death
of the rogue Vampire will only heighten the tension even
more — what drove him to commit these grisly acts and why
did he die? Just when the characters think it is all over, the
apprehension starts again when they exhibit the same
irrational behavior as the rogue Vampire and display the
symptoms of the deadly disease. Their search to find the
cause and a cure for their malady before it kills them will be
the ultimate climax in this tension-filled story.

Keep the characters guessing. Just when they think that
they have reached the climax, they find out that there is more
—and the stakes themselves have just been raised. Much of
the terror we feel when watching horror movies lies in the
tension the director creates. Using these techniques on your
players will prove just as useful.

87

THE PLOT

Scene One: The characters are in the Succubus Club
when a dead man is found in the bathroom, his throat torn
open and blood everywhere. Since a mortal found him, the
characters have to deal with the police, especially Detective
Gregory Stephens of homicide, and assuage their fears.
Closer inspection discovers that the victim was killed by a
Kindred, most likely one with the Protean Discipline. A
search of the dead man's personal possessions also reveal
that he was tracking another Vampire and was perhaps a
Vampire hunter himself. Any investigation into the death
leads to dead ends. A few days later, the Kindred are
approached by Vampire hunter Saul Osiecki. He informs
them that he knows the Vampire responsible for the death
and that this Kindred could prove to be very dangerous. The
characters must strike up an uneasy alliance with Saul in
order to track the murderer.

Scene Two: Three days later, again while the characters
are in the Succubus Club, another killing happens. This time
it takes place in their presence. On one of the hanging dance
floors, Arthur Gonzales takes his partner, drains her, and
shoves her body over the rail. The screams of the other
dancers alert the characters to the killing. In order to protect
the Masquerade, the characters have to cover things up.

Scene Three: The murderer will make his escape from
the Succubus Club by diving from a hanging dance floor to

a nearby balcony, crashing through a window and oniot
roof. A chase across the rooftops of Chicago leads to afin
confrontation in an abandoned tenement. Here, the
ters become infected with some sort of disease, while
rogue Vampire himself dies from the illness.

Interlude: Now the real fun begins. The disease
the characters to become more and more affected by
Beast within. They begin to commit atrocities which:
them to lose more and more Humanity. Also, the diseaseis
running its course and the characters will die if a cure isnot.
found. Meanwhile, other Chicago Kindred, especially those
who hang around the Succubus Club, start to exhibit the
same strange behavior and symptoms of the disease,
Scene Four: Their search for a cure leads them to the -
University of Chicago, where a leading microbiologist diag-
noses a new strain of mononucleosis which seems to only
have a deadly affect on Vampires. By working with this
doctor, the characters are able to receive a vaccine and save
many of the Kindred of Chicago.

THEME

The theme of this story is the fear of death. Most Kindred
have forgotten this fear, reveling in their immortality. Thus
when death does raise its ugly head, the fear is much more
poignant to creatures who view themselves as immortal.

This is played up in the story when the characters start to
lose control of themselves and they realize that, once the
disease has run its course, they will die. As long as Vampires
retain control of themselves, there is little that can threaten
their lives. However, the loss of control which the Beast
within creates brings death that much closer to their exist-
ence.

Make death a real factor in this story. Let the characters
realize the part the Masquerade plays in preserving their
immortal existences. Show them how random violence and
uncontrolled behavior can bring the spectre of death back
into their lives. But most of all, let them feel a total
helplessnessin the face of death — death bows to no manand
no Kindred. It just takes more time with Vampires, but death
will find each and every person, regardless of who and what
they are. Hammer this point home. It will help to increase
the tension and give the characters a new feel for the
"mortality" of their immortality.

GETTING THE
CHARACTERS HOOKED

As the Storyteller, it will be incumbent upon youto get the
characters emotionally involved in this story. The continued
existence of the Succubus Club, and indeed the Vampires in
Chicago and perhaps elsewhere, relies on the success of the
characters in this story. When dead bodies start popping up
in the Club, the characters should havea strong desire to find

S=S=

88 Succubus Club

the culprit and cover things up, so that the Club is not shut
down and the Masquerade broken.

The introduction of Saul into the plot should also give the
characters the incentive to get involved. Anything danger-
ous enough to make a fiercely dedicated Vampire hunter
cooperate with other Kindred is something that the charac-
ters should take an interest in.

If your characters seem apathetic towards the whole
situation, you can bet that when they catch the disease and
Notice the same symptoms (only more advanced) in the
killer, and then track him down only to have him die before
their eyes, that they will become interested in a hurry. The
story works best if the characters do not notice that they have
the disease until they have tracked down the killer and
watched him die, but you can use the "catching the disease"
approach if the characters seem intractable.

SCENE ONE:
SMOKIN' IN THE Boy's
Room

All of the characters have used the Succubus Club for
their entertainment at one time or another. Tonight, like any

other night, they are here to enjoy themselves and revel in the
society of the kine. This story works best when it is inserted
into another ongoing story. When the characters have their
full concentration on some other story (perhaps another of
the ones in this supplement), have the killings start to
happen. This will probably confuse the players and will at
least pique their interest.

The normal course of your Chronicle will give the char-
acters many reasons for being in the Succubus Club on this
particular evening. It does not matter why they are there, for
the events that are about to unfold do so regardless of the
characters' purposes.

Establish the characters' motivations and the positions of
their characters in the Succubus Club this evening. Roleplay
through the first few hours of the evening to get the charac-
ters settled into their routine. Create some small roleplaying
scenes for them to have fun with, nothing serious, but try to
make them interesting and fun. Perhaps you could have a
waitress drop an entire strawberry daiquiri on the shirt of the
best-dressed character, having mistaken him for a patron
who was very rude to her the night before (after all, its very
dark in the club). The characters may notice that her
apologies do not have aring of truth to them, and may decide
to investigate further. They will find out that she is a heroin
addict, and is being forced to turn tricks for her pusher (based
out of the Maze downstairs) in order to pay off her "bills."

Death's Sweet Sting 89

Character who decide to aid her will certainly have the
opportunity to recover Willpower or Humanity.

Around 1 a.m., a commotion from a men's bathroom
brings a bouncer to investigate. Shortly thereafter, Brennon
Thornhill will be fetched. Any character who mingles with
the crowd outside the bathroom will easily learn about the
dead body inside. Four or more successes will allow the
characters to notice a mortal in the crowd who looks espe-
cially disturbed about whatever is going on in the bathroom
(this is Saul and it is his son who lies dead within). If the
characters approach Saul, goto Saul's Tale below. The Club's
bouncers will keep everybody out. Only known Kindred or
those whom Brennon designates will be allowed into the
scene of thecrime. The only reason Brennon will allow them
on the scene is to try and determine if they took part in this
debacle. Initially he will do little to hide his suspicion of
them. In fact, if the characters evidence no interest in what
has happened, Brennon may very well summon them to the
scene of the crime to watch their reaction.

Anybody allowed access to the bathroom will see the
following. The body of a man is sitting in the middle stall in
the bathroom. The victim is a male, Caucasian, 5 ft 10, and
weighs about 195 Ibs. He is dressed rather trendy, with khaki
pants, a maroon shirt and a thin, black leather tie (factors
which lead one bouncer to joke that this may be the reason
he was killed). The manner of his demise is readily apparent
— the man's entire throat has been ripped open. Anyone

making a Perception + Investigate roll with a difficu
will notice that the wound is very ragged, leading the
believe that the throat has been ripped open by brute!
On a difficulty of 8, the investigator will also noticeal
blood on the floor, even though the carotid artery isexpo
An Intelligence + Occult roll with a difficulty of 6 will ead
the viewer to believe that it was probably a Kindred with the
Protean Discipline or a Lupine (though the latter is
unlikely since Lupines rarely come this far into Chicago)
The characters and Brennon have about six minutes 0
examine the corpse with impunity before the Chicagopolice
show up. The man's identification shows him to be Isaac
Osiecki from Des Moines. In his wallet he has about $6).
along with the usual assortment of credits cards from VISA
to Amoco. However he also has a business card from a Mr,
Kenneth Goldberg of the "Kabbalah Denudata Society"
located in New York City and an unused theater ticketfora
performance held two months agoatatheater in Des Moines,
Twocrumpled black and white photographs of a young man
(Arthur Gonzales) will be found in an interior coat pocket,
along with a more disturbing pair of items — a mallet, a
wooden stake and a clove of pungent garlic,

After six minutes are up, the Chicago police show up.
Leading the investigation is Detective Gregory Stephens of
Homicide (see Vampire p. 224). Detective Stephens has
been watching the Succubus Club fora few monthsnowand
knows that people he believes are Vampires hang out here
regularly. At first Stephens has no idea whether this death
is Kindred related, but he will be anxious to find out. Club
goers will give the police varying descriptions of whom they
believe the murderer to be. If you like, some of the descrip-
tions can match one of the characters. Of course, if one ofthe
characters happened to feed in the bathroom earlier, then he
will definitely be described to the police. Still, Brennon will
eventually convince the police the murder had nothing to do
with the club except for its location, and Stephens is smart
enough not to mention his Vampire theory to the Chief. He
will, however, become more attentive to the goings on at the
Succubus Club and this will disturb Brennon to no end.

After areportis filed and the body hauled away, the police
will leave and the Club will be closed for the rest of the night.
Brennon will pull some strings downtown and the Club will
be open the next evening, advertising a "Death-Dance Spe-
cial—NoCover Charge!!" However, Brennon is extremely
aggravated by the trouble caused by this death on his
property, especially if he is aware of the possibility that it is
Kindred related. Brennon will ask all Kindred who frequent
the Club to be on the lookout for the murderer and to
apprehend him if possible. He promises a sizeable reward
($5,000) to anybody who brings the criminal to justice.

No New Tale to Tell

The nextevening, if the characters failed to ferret out Saul
Osiecki from the crowd around the bathroom, the Vampire

90 Succubus Club

hunter will approach the characters in the Succubus Cluband
‘offer them an uneasy alliance. In order to guarantee his
safety, he will inform the characters that their safety hinges
upon him staying alive. He says that his story will tell them
all they need to know, including why their own safety is in
jeopardy. Buthe will still wait for the characters to give their

word before he proceeds with his story.
Saul's Stor

Saul Osiecki was a young and promising microbiologist
in pre-World War II Poland. At age 20, he was already
acknowledged by his peers as one of the brightest and the
best. Then the war hit. Hitler invaded Poland. Jewish
ghettos, relocation centers, the concentration camps — the
death camps. Saul, like most Jews in Poland, was sent to
these "relocation centers." For five years, Saul survived the
horrors of Treblinka. He watched his fellow Jews die by the
thousands, the millions. Amidst all this death, Saul noticed
something. During the dark days of the Second World War,
the Nazi death camps were like beacons to some of the more
deranged Kindred. What would one more death mean in a
camp exterminating thousands every day? It was nirvana for
these bestial Kindred, they could feast without fear. ButSaul
could see them despite their disguises, uniforms and the
darkness in which they cloaked themselves. He was selected
to be one of their victims and witnessed a Gestapo Colonel
gorging himself on other prisoners. Only the confusion
caused by an allied bombing run saved him. He was sent
back to his barracks, and soon they forgot about him. But he
did not forget. In Saul's mind, these Vampires became the
cause of the entire Holocaust. It was the Vampires who
caused the devastating war, who led the blitzkrieg, who
slaughtered millions of Jews. It was the Vampires who were
responsible and Saul vowed that, should he survive, he
would become the avenging angel for the Jewish race. He
would avenge those who died in Treblinka, Auschwitz,
Dachau and all the other Nazi death camps. The Lord's will
would be done and vengeance would be his.

Somehow, Saul was one of the very few who survived the
horrors of Treblinka. When the war ended, he immigrated
to America, to the land of the free. There he met and married
another Polish immigrant and together they had a son and
two daughters. Saul worked as a biochemist for Dow
Chemicals and was later appointed manager of the biochem-
istry division of a Des Moines plant. On the surface, Saul had
a pretty normal life. But under the surface, he was driven.
For he found Vampires in America too and he clung to his
vow with the desperation of one who had been through
horrors too terrible to recall. Saul spent his spare time
leaming the ways of the Kindred. But he did nothing with his
knowledge, waiting instead until he could perfect his master
plan.

Saul wanted to destroy the entire race of Vampires. The
best way he knew to do this was by disease — more

specifically, a disease targeted solely at the Kindred. To this
end, Saul developed a strain of the mononucleosis virus
which would kill Vampires while leaving human hosts sick,
but alive.

Arthur Gonzales was Saul's guinea pig, and it was from
his blood that Saul first developed the virus. When the Lick
moved into the Des Moines area, Saul managed to trap him
when he was weak and extract a quantity of blood, where-
upon he released him again. After finding out that Arthur fed
mostly among the homeless, Saul introduced his virus into
the residents of a local shelter, watched and waited. Even-
tually, Arthur drank the blood of an infected host. Saul was
ecstatic, and like a good scientist he continued to observe his
subject. To his horror, Arthur started acting irrationally,
killing at the slightest whim — he was far more violent than
he was before. Then Arthur left Des Moines and headed
towards Wisconsin and the city of Chicago. Saul took his
son Isaac with him and the two of them tailed Arthur as he
left a trail of camage behind him on his way to Chicago.

By this time, Saul realized that his experiment had gone
completely awry. He had not anticipated the aggressive and
bloody behavior that Arthur was exhibiting, nor did he think
the disease would take so long to kill him. When Arthur
reached Chicago, Saul and Isaac decided to put an end to it
and to exterminate the Vampire immediately. That night,
they tailed Arthur as he entered the Succubus Club. Inside,
the two split up to find him. Little did the two know that

VAMPIRE

Saul Osiecki

Mental
eee:

Advantage 2 3
aclageounda

Virwwes
@evov Conmdenc___pev0o

Self-Control

92000

00000 _ses00

ae

te Health a

Deueed =
Met 4 0
ied 2 0
Wowded 3 0
Mailed 4 0
Crippled S
Inerpeciited
Cae stew Experience eet

0000000000

Connege,

to—Tumanity——
.

eeecesee00
gooo000000

‘Aare 780 Abies 139 Diino: 3 Bayon 3 Vem 7 Freie Pur 5 CM)

Death's Sweet Sting 91

Arthur had spotted their tail. He followed Isaac into the
bathroom where he ripped his throat open and drained the
man's blood. Arthur then made his escape.

Saul realizes he requires the help of the Kindred to have
any hope of stopping Arthur before the disease is spread.
Saul's nightmares are filled with visions of armies of rabid
Vampires thoughtlessly killing millions of innocent people
—asecond Holocaust. Thus he is willing to put aside his
feelings toward the Vampires in order to prevent a grave
injustice from occurring. He needs them and the Kindred
certainly need him. However, Saul does not trust the
Kindred atall. He will only tell them enough of the true story
above to get their help. If he can possibly avoid it, Saul will
nottell the Kindred about the disease, but rather will mention
that he had been stalking this particular Vampire when the
Kindred went rabid and now he needs help to bring him to
justice. He will tell of the carnage that Arthur has left from
Des Moines to Madison to Milwaukee and now in Chicago.
He will offer his help in identifying Arthur and will tell the
Kindred what he knows Arthur's habits.

Saul will also hint that there may be more to Arthur's
actions than he is telling, but will only say that the Kindred
better keep him alive or they will never learn the full truth
about what happened to Arthur. If seriously threatened, Saul
will also let the fact slip that the characters themselves are in
danger and, in fact, the entire society of Kindred could well
be destroyed. If the characters somehow learn of the virus,
Saul will use his knowledge of the disease as a bargaining
piece and will, as a last resort, mention that there are vials of
the disease in the hands of certain confederates who will
release the disease into the population of various major
population centers if Saul does not report back to them
within a certain time frame. This last threat is a lie Saul had
invented on the spur of the moment, hoping to diminish the
danger to his own life.

This alliance with Saul is sure to be an uneasy one. Saul
does not trust the characters and it is doubtful they will trust
the Witch-hunter, But desperate times can make for some
strange bedfellows and this alliance of Vampire and Vam-
pire hunter is pretty strange. Play up on the suspicions of
Saul and the characters, but keep hammering in how much
the characters need Saul. It will make his presence even
more unnerving and frustrating. Saul is a smart man, and he
will most often be one step ahead of the Kindred. Saul will
suggest that he and the Kindred stake out the Succubus Club
for Arthur's probable return. Itis the best lead they have and
Saul thinks they should act upon it.

Saul Osiecki — Saul Osiecki is an old man with a bitter
grudge. He has much in common with the Nazi hunters who
will go to any length to bring justice on the killers of World
War II, only Saul's grudge is with Vampires. This makes
him extremely dangerous to any Kindred that cross him.
Luckily for most Kindred, Saul does not know as much as he
thinks he does about Vampires and stills believes a lot of the

old myths, such as those dealing with crosses,
wooden stakes, mostly because his first subject'
such, For Saul's motivations, see Saul's Story

Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Fanatic
Born: 1920

Image: Saul is an old man who looks younger
age may suggest, though his face looks tired andold
he is not energized by his quest to destroy the Kindred,
keeps himself in good shape for a man of his years and!
the look of sharp reason in his eyes. He usually
cardigan sweaters in earthy tones with corduroy trousers:
brown wing-tip shoes. He also wears bifocal glasses andi
mostly bald on the top of his head.

Roleplaying Hints: You don't trust or believe anyone,
especially Vampires, so always look furtive, glancing from
one player to the next as if seeking some flaw or weakness _
in what they are saying. Make sure that a fire appears in your
eyes at all times — you are ona quest for vengeance and that
fire will not be quelled until vengeance has been served,
Keep your body tense and ready to react to any double-cross
the players might dream up.

SCENE Two:
FREE FALLIN'

Nothing more will happen at the Succubus Club for two
more evenings. Security will be tight, but the patrons will
seem to have forgotten the entire incident. If the characters
are trying to help Brennon out or wish to procure the reward,
have them explain any precautions or other activities they
wish to perform while staking out the killer. Saul will try to
organize the stake-out if the players will let him, but will go
along with any well-thought-out plan, though not without
complaining first.

Two nights after the first death, the killer will strike again,
Butfirst, the wild goose chase. The characters notice a shady
looking character, furtively glancing about the dance floor
before heading into the Labyrinth (the waitress's pusher, in
fact). He is dressed in black leather, and his hairy chest is
covered in gold and silver medallions. If one or more of the
characters follow the man down, they will find he enters the
maze. If they follow him further, he will ambush them with
a knife from the shadows of the maze. He has a Strength,
Dexterity and Melee of three, but is merely used as a
diversion while the real quarry does his work upstairs. The
man is searching for a Blood Doll who bought some crack on
credit. When he sees the characters following him, he freaks
and attacks. He has nothing to do with the murders.

92 Succubus Club

Meanwhile, on one of the hanging dance floors, Arthur
Gonzales (see stats below) is in the process of draining his
dancing partner. The disease has almost run its course and
Arthur is hard to recognize from the small black-and-white
picture Saul has. His face is much more sallow, sunken and
his eyes have a wild look, while his hair is more unkept.
‘When Arthur is through, he spins his partner's body over the
ailing and onto the ground below. Then, while the patrons
are looking at the fallen woman, Arthur uses his Potence to
Jeap to one of the balconies, climb to the top floor, smash one
of the warehouse windows and escape over the rooftops.
The character will first be alerted to the crime being
committed by the screams of the crowd. Saul will spot
Arthurimmediately and shout, "That's him!" toany Kindred
nearby. There will be two problems confronting the charac-
ters immediately. First, even a cursory glance at the body
will show the characters that there are two small puncture
wounds in the neck oozing blood. If Detective Stephens or
any of the Chicago PD were to see that, the Masquerade
would be in deep jeopardy. Secondly, the murderer is
escaping over the rooftops. He needs to be caught before the
murder spree continues and, again, the Masquerade is threat-
ened, The characters will probably need to break up.
Chasing Arthur over the rooftops is covered below (see Cat
On a Hot Tin Roof).

Covering up the Vampiric nature of the murder is some-
thing that will need to be done immediately. The police will
have stationed a police car outside the Club in case the
murderer returned. It will not take long until they get word
of the latest killing — perhaps two or three minutes. Bounc-
ersare keeping the crowd from seeing the body, and Brennon
has been sent for, though he will not arrive for 15 minutes.
Aproper diversion or maybe just impeding the arrival of the
police may give another Kindred enough time to cover
things up. How they handle the cover up is left to their
imaginations, though they might want to just rip the throat
open completely to make it look like a slasher. This will take
about a minute. It will also put them in contact with the
deadly virus currently ravaging the murderer. Any character
who touches the body should make a self-control roll with a
difficulty of seven. Failure indicates that at some point while
taking care of the body they got blood on their hands and, as
a natural reaction, licked it off. Naturally, do not tell them
what this roll was for.

After the police make it to the scene of the crime, all
chances to cover things up will be over. They will move
anyone around away from the body and send for Detective
Stephens and the forensics team. No one will be let near the
body.

Stephens will arrive in about six minutes. He will shoot
anyone nearby an appraising look before turning to search
the body. If the characters doa good enough job of covering
up the fang marks, Stephens will only have his hunches to go
upon. He will take Brennon to the side again and inform him
that the killings will have to stop and the murderer brought

to justice before he can allow the Succubus Club to reopen
again.

There is no chance that Stephens might know of Saul and
his being a Vampire hunter — Saul has not done anything to
date and has kept his activities to himself. Stephens has had
the Succubus Club under surveillance for a while now as a
suspected Vampire hang-out, though he has found nothing
to back up these suspicions. If the characters play their cards
right, he will find nothing more to support his theories
tonight either.

At3 a.m., the investigation will be wrapped up, the police
will shuttle everybody out of the club, and it will be sealed
as police evidence. Itwill take Brennon a week to reopen the
club. In the meantime, there are much more serious things
afoot...

SCENE THREE:
Cat on A Hort TIN
Roor

While some of the characters are trying to take care of the
copsatthe club, the others should be chasing Arthur Gonzales
across the rooftops of Chicago. This scene is designed to be

Death's Sweet Sting 93

ad-libbed. There isno particular path for Arthurto flee
or any particular way torun the chase. It can beas.
ascomplicated as you like. The only thing thatreally:
is that eventually the chase leads the characters to
lair.

‘The characters will most likely see Arthur leap from!
dance floor to the balcony. They will probably want to
off his escape down the stairs that lead up to the balconies(
that side of the Club. Whether or not they race up the tai
after him or wait for him to come down the stairs, they
hear the crashing of the window on the balcony level ofthe
Club. When they get to the broken window, they will juste
in time to see Arthur scrambling up the building next door
the Club.

Now the chase begins. Arthur will notice the characters
following him at a point of your own choosing to maximize
the effectiveness of the discovery. At this point, he will ty
to shake the characters and the fun begins.

Chasing Arthur requires that a lot of different rolls be
made. For Climbing, use the rules on page 143 of Vampire,
For Jumping, see p. 144 of Vampire. The tricky part willbe
determining the difficulty of each jump. Since you are
making the terrain up as you go, it w ill not be too hard for
you to do this. However, you will probably want to pace the
jumps so that there are a number of easier jumps before the
characters face a really hard one. You can also add some
interesting things, such as jumps that are not straight across,
but up or down; jumps requiring the characters to land ona
narrow ledge; jumps that finish off by going througha
window, etc. Arthur will do what he can to shake the
characters. By this time, the disease has run its course to such
@ point that he does not fear death anymore. Arthur will
perform many feats of daring that any sane person wouldnot
even consider — but Arthur is not sane anymore. Besides,
he has just fed and his Blood Poo! is full, so he will use that
to heal any wounds he sustains as well as to boost his
Attributes.

If you like, you can use the chart in the box below to
decide what kind of building the characters encounter next
in their chase over the rooftops. In each case, roll once for
the kind of building and once for the distance to the next
building.

You do not have to use the Chase rules from Vampire
though. The chase itself is rigged since the characters cannot
catch Arthur, but they cannot lose him either, In some way
or another, they will chase him to his Haven,

‘The chase is also a chance to get in some rather humorous
roleplaying. The residents of the various buildings the
characters will traipse over can interact with the Kindred,
much like in the old Batman TV series when the Dynamic
Duo used to scale the buildings and talk with the people of
Gotham. This could get especially interesting if Arthur
decides to take a detour through somebody's apartment.
Whether the inhabitants help the characters, hinder them, or

94 Succubus Club

harass them will ultimately be up to you, but use this
ity to make the chase scene memorable. Some
possible encounters include — an overbearing wino, a
couple making love,a woman bringing in her wash, a burglar
tying to break into a building, a security guard, a flock of
pigeons or even something more exotic such as another
Vampire or maybe even a Lupine.

Two important things to keep in mind are 1) that the
characters cannot catch Arthur before he makes it back to his
Haven — if they look like they are going to catch him, have
‘something show up to hinder the characters, such as police
officers attracted by the commotion; and 2) the character(s)
cannot lose Arthur — if they do, have him appear a little
ways off or somewhere else as the characters make their way
home or spread out to look for him. If the characters start
shooting at the poor lunatic, he will either take minor nicks
or make some incredible dodges.

Finally, when you feel that you have gotten the most out
of the chase scene, Arthur will think that he has shaken the
characters and he will head to his Haven. Itis paramount that
the characters follow him there. If they think of giving up,
remind them that the Masquerade is in real jeopardy if
Arthur stays at large, since one more murder like the last two
will bring every government agency down on the Succubus
Club. Also, youcan have him taunt the characters every time
it looks like they might be giving up.

Arthur's Haven isan old abandoned three-story tenement
building in the Southside of Chicago. He has chased off or
killed any other squatters who have lived in the place before
and now has the run of the place. He has blackened out the
windows with paint and boards.

After the chase, Arthur will enter through the rooftop
entrance and head down to his living quarters on the second
floor. When the characters follow him, they will notice a
stench of corpses permeating the air in the tenement. Arthur
has been bringing his victims to the tenement and leaving
their bodies throughout the three stories. As the characters
explore the building, looking for Arthur, they will stumble
across many corpses, mostly of the poor and homeless,
scattered throughout the rooms, all in various stages of

decay. The stench itself is unbearable and the characters will
have to make a Stamina + Fortitude roll of 7 or spend a point
of Willpower for each 15 minutes that they remain in the
building. Any who attempt to use Heightened Senses to
search for the diseased Kindred must make the roll with a
difficulty of 9 to avoid spending the Willpower.

Arthur lairs on the second story of the building. His "pad"
consists of a pile of clothing for a bed and various pieces of
furniture, most of it broken and scattered about the room like
a bizarre rummage sale. If the characters have not been
sufficiently stealthy in their search, Arthur will have hidden
himself above the door by using his claws to grab hold of the
wall above the door frame. He will wait for the first character
to enter the room before he jumps on her back, raking with
his claws and forcing her to the
ground. He will jump about the

room like an animal, using the fur-
Rooft op Chase Chart niture for cover and attacking any
5 . characters coming within his reach.
toll Thenext rooftop is roll —_ Distance to next rooftop The room is pitch dark (Arthur is
1 empty lot 1-2 10 feet using his Gleam of Red Eyes to see
in the dark) and Arthur makes the
2-4 10 or more feet below current one 3-4 20 feet best use of this ability to see in the
dark to trap the characters and rake
i fe

5-7 onthe same level as currentone 5-6 30 feet him with his claws before taking off
8-9 10-20 feet higher than current one 7-8 40 feet back into the darkness. Build up the
i paranoia and tension in this scene

10 30 or more feet higher 9-10  50or more feet for its maximum effect.

Death's Sweet Sting 95

Just when it seems Arthur has the upper hand, he screams
loudly, and starts thrashing about, throwing himself vio-
lently about the room. Before the characters have a chance
todomuch of anything, Arthur will grab one of the characters,
stare them in the eyes, and die. He enters the final death, at
last. The look on his face will be one of shock and immense
pain. If this does not spook the characters, nothing will. An
examination of the corpse will reveal the following —
Arthur is very pale in certain areas of his body, including his
head, while other areas seem flushed. His skin on his face
and hands is very dry and flaky, there is acrust of white gunk
around the edges of his eyes, and Arthur does not seem to
have been grooming himself very much lately. A search of
the building will only reveal corpses and nothing else of
value. Arthur'scorpse will decay rapidly once he is dead and
it will take all the miracles of modern day science to keep it
from totally decomposing within a day. If revealed to
sunlight, it will go up like dry kindling.

Arthur Gonzales: Arthur is a Kindred to be pitied. By
the time the characters finally encounter this Vampire, the
disease inside of him will have advanced to such a stage that
the Beast will have taken over many of his actions. Arthur
was a college political science student on an athletic schol-
arship, travelling around the United States during summer
vacation, when he was taken in Yellowstone National Park
by a very old and powerful Gangrel. Abandoned like most
of his Clan, Arthur learned to use his powers quickly enough
to survive the Becoming. For the last five years, he has

travelled throughout the U.S., never staying in one

long enough to settle down. Recently, whilecoming|
Des Moines, Arthur came into contact with this new:
mononucleosis through one of his victims. The: t
progressed rapidly through his system and Arthur has}

trail of murdered victims through upper Illinois and low
Wisconsin on his way to Chicago. Now, he has come ot
end of hisrope and the Beast inside has consumed whatisle
of Arthur Gonzales.

Sire: Unknown Gangrel

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Survivor

Clan: Gangrel

Generation: 7th

Apparent Age: 22 (Born: 1964)

Embrace: 1986

Image: Arthur's Mexican ancestry is readily apparent,
He is normally well-groomed, though many of his personal
habits have fallen to the wayside as the Beast has taken over,
Nonetheless, Arthur is still a handsome-looking man. He
will be wearing clothing appropriate to dancing in the
Succubus Club when encountered — enough of his mind
Temains that he tries to fit in.

Roleplaying Hints: Hunch your back and dart your eyes
around, glancing at everyone and everything like a caged

‘$= VAMPIRE:

Arthur Gonzales

+ Atiribat: +
Soctal Mental
20000 , Reception
s0000 * Incligen 200
‘e000 We
+ Abilities: +
Sills Knowledge
cmc,

Backgrounds

Virtues
Conncience_—"_90000

SelPContred

Counge,

te-Other Trallarmet

sfom—Humanity—ae fo Health at

Devieed =O
Mot 0
iygmed 2
Wounded 3 0
Moule 4 0
Capped § CO
Inxspectiated O

#000000000
ot Combat net
[eos [eee] Dame

Ht Willpowermanet-
eeeceece00
ooo0o000000

steeExperienceseet

"fo Blood Poolmeet=
0000000000

Aasaee 150 Abies 19S Dice} Backend 5 Vice 7 Pee Ree S72)

96 Succubus Club

‘Tense your muscles like you are ready to react to the
stimulus.

_ Notes: Arthur's Demeanor has taken over his actions and
"everything he does now is ultimately caused by his need to
survive. The Beast has taken over and all his actions are
instinctual.

Interlude

The characters will probably have more questions than
‘answers at this stage of the game, and their number one
suspect is dead. Why did the Kindred die? Who was he?
Where did he come from? Why did he kill those people in
the Succubus Club? All these questions will probably be
plaguing the characters. Of course, they will probably
confront Saul for their answers. Unfortunately, they will
find the answer to many of these questions first hand.

You see, during the past few days, the characters have
‘come into contact with and become infected by the strain of
mononucleosis that caused Arthur to act so irrationally. The
virus is making its way into the Chicago blood supply, but
the characters will be the first to display the symptoms (they
gotit from touching the body, battling Gonzales or from one
of the infected in the Succubus Club, currently one of the
places most affected by the illness. Eventually, almostevery
Kindred in the city will be infected, but right now the
characters have a chance to save themselves and the others
by finding a cure for the virus. First, however, they have to
figure out that they are sick.

This should be pretty easy to do. Saul will be overjoyed
atthe death of Arthur, but his joy will be short lived when he
notices the symptoms appearing in the characters. You see,
the characters will start to behave irrationally. They willalso
display fatigue more readily, waking up later and later each
evening and making all Stamina rolls at a -1 penalty. The
Beast will also take over their actions more and more (see the
Mononucleosis — Vampirilla strain insert for more details
on how to run this). If the virus causes the characters to kill
avictim in the Succubus Club, there is going to be hell to pay.
Saul will put two and two together and figure out that the
characters are now infected with the mononucleosis virus
and that it may be too late to stop the spread of the fatal
disease.

Itis at this point that Saul will tell the characters the whole
story, including his lie about having vials of the virus
elsewhere. He will point out that the characters will die in a
few weeks if acure is not found. Saul knows that the normal
cure for mononucleosis (lots of bedrest) will not work in the
Vampire's case due to the changes he made in the virus and
the complete lack of an immune system in Vampire (nor-
mally they have no need of one). Beyond that, though, Saul
has little idea of how to stop this monster he has created. He
can, of course, being the inventor of the virus, be of consid-
erable help to any trained virologist.

Whenever humans getsick, they gotoa doctor. But where
does a sick Vampire go for medical help? This poses a great

dilemma. Do they risk breaking the Masquerade in order to
get professional help? Or do they sacrifice themselves to
save the Masquerade? Fortunately for the Kindred, if they
keep an ear open to the news around the city, they will find
out that other Kindred are beginning to display the same
symptoms within three days of the first display of symptoms
by the characters. This leaves them only one option, one
which Saul will suggest if the characters do not think of it
themselves — finding some professional virologist who is
up on the latest techniques and would have an open enough
mind to help out a group of sick Vampires. The obvious
choice is a liberal arts institution — a university. And the
University of Chicago is right downtown.

SCENE Four:
SEE Mg, FEEL ME,
Toucu ME, HEAL ME

With a little investigative work, the characters can find
out about world-renowned virologist John Phillips, Ph.d, at
the University of Chicago. They can get this information
from the police, from Scottie Cartwright at the "Tell It All"
orany other newspaper or news magazine, or from any other
virologist in the nation. There may be other sources of this
information at your discretion.

Death's Sweet Sting 97

‘This part of the story calls for the characters to completely
avoid violence and arrange purely peaceful dealings with
Dr. Phillips. Any carnage or other acts of violence caused by
a frenzying Vampire will almost certainly destroy the char-
acters' chances to find a cure. Therefore, they must control
themselves very rigidly, spending Willpower freely and
perhaps only letting those with the highest Willpower and/
or Humanity deal with the good doctor. While they might
threaten him to force his cooperation, this will cause the
doctor to create a serum which will mask the symptoms, but
still leave the Kindred susceptible to the final death stage of
the disease.

Doctor Phillips, like many good researchers in the univer-
sity system, can be found working late nights in his lab at the
University most of the time. His lab is on the third floor of
the Wilkes Research Center. The security is relatively light,
consisting of regular patrols by guards and locks on all of the
doors (even the stairwell). The characters will have to figure
out a way to get to Doctor Phillips. Use your discretion to
adjudicate the success of their plans. Saul will be willing to
set up an appointment with Dr. Phillips during the daytime
if the characters will let him.

Phillips has been working on viruses such as the one
causing AIDS for the past seven years. His research on the
AIDS virus keeps him working overtime on many occa-
sions. If the characters approach him, obviously he will not
believe that they are Vampires at first. It will not take much,
however, to convince him of their authenticity! After he
recovers from the shock, he will be fascinated, especially
when he hears about their theory that they are sick. If Saul
is with the characters, his credentials and biochemical skills
will not only impress the doctor, but will be of immense help
in the isolation ofa vaccination. Of course, if the good doctor
is going to find a cure (or even what is wrong with the
characters) they are going to have to put themselves into his
capable hands. This requires a certain degree of trust. Just
hope that the Beast does not make an unwanted appearance
at this point.

Ifthe Kindred agree to let him help them, he will put them
through a battery of tests, exclaiming all the while how
fascinating the Vampires are. He will attempt to figure out
how the Vampire's remain alive even though most of their
tissue is obviously dead. This will elude him, though the
cause of the Kindreds' problems will not. When Dr. Phillips
isolates the mononucleosis viral strain, he will use it as
leverage. He will tell the characters he has found the answer
totheir problems and that he can fix a vaccination. However,
he has some conditions. He wants to study the Kindred to
find out how they tick — he wants to find the source of their
immortality. At first he will want to publish papers and go
public with his knowledge, but he can be persuaded, through
various means both intellectual and threatening, to keep the
Kindred out of any findings he makes and publishes. How-
ever, he will want the Kindred to become his guinea pigs in
exchange for the vaccine. On thatcount, heis inflexible. His
intellectual curiosity will not allow him to pass up on this

opportunity, even if he is the only one toever see the
will try to finagle and barter for anything he can get,
so allow him to get all he can.

With a deal struck, Dr. Phillips will take an
Kindred's blood, isolate the virus and concoct a vaccin
will take him a week unless he has the help of Saul, in
case he can finish his work in three days — this migl

important if the characters wasted time after they found.

that they were sick. Dr, Phillips will then want to inject
vaccination into all of the Kindred (even those who may no
yet be infected, as a precaution). The vaccination will

full effect in about half an hour, after which time
characters will be fine, However, there is a problem

the Kindred and the good doctor did not foresee. Vampire:
donothavean immune system to speak of, so the vaccinatio
will only stay in their bodies as long as the blood that is
vaccinated stays in the bodies. Once the Kindred use up the
Blood that has been vaccinated, they will again be suscep-
tible to the virus. Thus, they will need constant vaccinations
— another piece of clout Dr. Phillips can use against the —
Kindred and to ensure his continued safety.

Once this is figured out, the Vampirilla strain of the virus
should pretty much be under control. Of course, the rest of
the city's Kindred will have to be vaccinated immediately,
This will make the characters heroes and Lodin will grant
them turf and status befitting their heroics.

"f= VAMPIRE:

Dr. John Phillips
Ba Aliributes
Physical ‘Social Mental
Sih ret een poop le,
Peta Sease | Seeescamepese pang
= mae Stocs wee
+: Abilities:
"Talents Skills Knowledge
peome psec Kael Ma __p000s
bet ———"spees eee peeeed
eg ie: 235)
i oes
see Ban oe
Sutterfege_____ooo00  S 20000 |S
Disciplines is Viriwes
90000 00000 Conmclence_ seee
coo00 0000 SdfContrel___seeve
coovs, (omen Couey, 9000
+ oo
ee Other Trallareet Fee—Hlumianily—a oto Healt ow
CO a at
0009 inyred 2
20000 teen Willpo 1390
Mate 38
to—Combat—net- SO BOSC OCO Camel $0
ooooo00000

Reve [ota] mane Ineopnctated

stem Expertenice et

"teDlood Poolmmet
0000000000

‘Autbace 700 Abies 1Y95 Dicilinge 3 Bachyande 3 ates 7 Fee Pi 3 C729)

98 Succubus Club

Dr. John Phillips — John Phillips, Ph.d, is a world-
renowned virologist. He is most well known for his research
into the AIDS virus. Dr. Phillips did his undergraduate work
at Duke University, with his graduate training being com-
pleted at UCLA. He has been a researcher at the University
ofChicago for the past eight years. During that time, he has
‘written numerous papers and become one of the University's
most famous resident.

Nature: Visionary

Age: 35 (Born: 1956)

Image: Dr. Phillips isa young man, wearing conservative
glasses and carrying an air of confidence. Dressed ina white
lab coat, with a tie visible, he is the typical good-looking
doctor that Mom always wants you to bring home. His
boyish good looks and good-natured grin make him instantly
likeable.

Roleplaying Hints: Rub your chin when you are think-
ing and squint your eyes slightly to appear serious. When
you speak, talk slowly, but with great confidence — you are
used to being listened to and you know that your opinion is

worth quite a lot.

TipyinGc Tuincs Up

There are many loose ends to this story that may need to
be tied up at some point in your Chronicle.

1, The Succubus Club will still be under careful scrutiny
by the Chicago PD. Any killing in the next few years at the
Club will be linked with the two killings from the last few
weeks. Detective Stephens may be a help or a hindrance to
the Kindred, depending on how he was treated by them
during the investigation. He will show up at the most
inopportune of times and make cryptic statements that seem
to indicate that he knows all. Nothing will come of it,
though, unless some Kindred or another slips up in the Club.

2. The Vampirilla strain will have spread to other cities
sooner or later. The Chicago Kindred will have been the first
to have experienced the disease and the first to come up with
the cure. Lodin will want to use this for his political
advantage. Other Kindred may wish to steal the vaccine,
kidnap Dr. Phillips or hold some Kindred or another hostage
for the vaccine. How the Chicago Kindred decide to handle
this situation can lead to many more stories.

3. Dr. Phillips will start his studies on the Kindred. What
he comes up with may change the course of your Chronicle
forever. Though it is unlikely that he will ever uncover all
there isto know about Vampires, some of the things he might
uncover could be very valuable to the right people. Other
Kindred, especially the Black Hand, might try to kill Dr.
Phillips to prevent his work from continuing. Others might
try to kidnap him for their own use. Still other people might
try to steal the notes on his findings. The characters might
be assigned by Lodin to ensure that Dr. Phillips remains

Death's Sweet Sting

healthy and in the Chicago Kindred's hands. Of course,
there is the problem if some of Dr. Phillip's findings leak into
an obscure journal or something. What if Scottie Cartwright
stumbles onto the whole mess? The story possibilities here
are endless.

4. Depending on how Saul and the characters interacted
during the adventure, the old Jew may or may not continue
his quest for retribution. If the characters showed human
compassion and feelings to Saul, he will have doubts as to his
original idea that all Vampires are evil. He may actually
become an ally of the Kindred, and dedicate himself to
destroying those evil Vampires who break the Traditions
and thus the Masquerade. However, if the characters'
actions only reinforced Saul's opinions of the underlying
evil nature of the Kindred, he will renew his quest with vigor
and the characters will have one persistent enemy to dog
their undying days.

5. A vindictive relative of one of the victims of the virus'
rampaging Kindred, enraged by the lack of progress of the
police, may stumble onto the Kindred on their own and start
a campaign of retribution against every Vampire they can
find — thus is another Vampire Hunter born.

6. It is always possible the characters may decide to kill
both Saul and Dr. Phillips to ensure the sanctity of the
Masquerade. Saul will have no defense other than his natural
abilities, and will not be willing to release the vaccine again,
even at the cost of his own life. This will not keep him from
threatening its use, however. Dr. Phillips, on the other hand,
will be far more willing to use whatever is at his disposal. He
will deny the characters vaccinations and his threat that all
his notes are ina safety deposit box to be opened in the event
ofhis death is no lie. If he feels physically threatened, he will
be more than happy to hurla vial of isolated Vampirillastrain
cultures in a Vampire's face.

7. The characters may well decide to keep the virus for
themselves and not share it with any other Kindred. If this
happens you as Storyteller have two options — parallel
research or apocalypse. Either other Kindred in other places
manage to discover the vaccine or else hundreds of Vam-
pires start rampaging through cities around the world. Entire
nations will be up in arms and warned about the scourge.
Hunting parties armed with automatic weaponry and
flamethrowers will roam the streets, scorching Vampires
(and occasional mortals as well). Finally the only Kindred
left alive will be the ones in torpor who have not fed in ages.
Of course, when they arise, the whole game starts all over
again.

Spicinc Tuincs Up

"Death's Sweet Sting" was originally designed as a
simpler, less elaborate story than it could have been. Here
are some suggestions if you want to liven up the proceedings
somewhat.

99

1, Old Saul has not given up on wiping out the Vampire
scourge. While he feels genuine horror over the virus he has
unleashed, this setback has not stopped him from continuing
his experiments. In fact, the deal he strikes with the charac-
ters to help track down Arthur is merely an excuse to allow
him to experiment on them! He has developed yet another
strain and will ensure the characters drink from a Vessel
infected by the new version. All the while they track down
Arthur, Saul is watching them closely and taking notes. You
have several options as to how this affects the characters,
They may only be affected by the one new version, which
means they do not notice the symptoms until much later;
they may be affected by both strains, meaning they get sicker

' MONONUCLEOSIS — VAMPIRILLA STRAIN

This special mutation of the mononucleosis virus seems
to be one of the few diseases to actually have an effect on
Vampires. Since the biological aspects of Vampirism are
still largely unknown, the exact reason for this difference is
yet to be discovered. Theory seems to indicate that the virus
attaches itself to the hemoglobin molecule in the blood,
causing it to swell and block the osmosis of blood through
the body. The slowing of the flow of blood to a Kindred's
brain causes them to lose many of their higher cerebral
activities, This has the effect of freeing the Beast without the
tether of the Vampire's Humanity. In human beings, the
virus is inhibited from attaching to the hemoglobin by
molecules that a living body produces but the Vampire's
dead body does not. However, humans will still show the
symptoms of mononucleosis when infected with this strain
— it just does not kill them or disrupt the blood flow so
completely as it does in the Vampire.

The symptoms are radical and easy to identify. Initially,
the Vampire will exhibit sudden animalistic tendencies and
will Frenzy more often. This is accompanied by a sluggish-
ness between periods of Frenzy. As the course of the disease
isrun, the victim's eyes will grow wild looking, with a white
crust developing in the corners. A very pale hue to the skin
accompanies an increased hunger in the Vampire. As the
disease progresses even further, the Kindred retains less and
less control over his actions, tending to react on an instinc-
tual, survival level. After a month, the Vampire will expe-

100

twice as fast and also see the Beast let loose; or
your devious mind can come up with.

2. Saul is a pawn in the battle between Menele:
ena, The old biologist's work came to Menele's
through correspondence between Saul and Dr, P
close ally of Critias, who is one of Menele's pro
ancient Brujah knows he will be safe as long as he
in torpor, but that his ancient enemy may have arisen
her grave and may be hanging outat the Succubus Club (bot
suspicions garnered through his enhanced Auspex),
has risked the survival of all the Kindred in the city
one maneuver tokill his foe while she still recovers from het
long sleep. Needless to say, he will not appreciate t
characters saving Helena's life.

Tience the final death when the flow of blood to the brainis
completely cut off.

The effect in the game is as follows. For every week,
starting with the first, that the Vampire has the disease, add
one to the difficulty of the Virtue roll to avoid Frenzy. Also, —
have the Vampire with the disease roll for Frenzy under the —
least of provocations. The more common state of Frenzy —
will cause even the most amoral of Vampires to lose more
Humanity and perhaps gain a number of Derangements.

Kindred will also lose the ability to use blood freely,
Increasing physical attributes or healing wounds by use ofa
blood point will require a Willpower roll with a difficulty
depending on how long the disease has been ravaging his
system. During the first week the difficulty is four and
increases by two each week. Thus week two requires a six,
week three an eight and in the final week the difficulty is a
ten. A botch indicates the blood point is expended with no
benefits gained.

One month after the Vampire first catches this new strain
of mononucleosis, he will die. However, an extended
Torporcan be entered, and if several centuries go by the virus
may die off asa result ofa lack of nutrient (i.e. lack of blood),
butthere isa possibility itcould "kill" the Vampire first. The
character must make a staminaroll every 50 years (difficulty
9). Three successes indicate the virus has been killed, while
a botch indicates final death.

Succubus Club

Child's Pla:

"Child's Play" is a two-part story for newcomers to
the Windy City. In it, the characters find themselves
being tested by a childish Elder and get the chance to
gain their first insights into the intricacies of Chicago's
Kindred community. The first part, "Paper Chase,"
details the characters' first encounter with the nameless,
scheming Cainite who will so affect their unlives. In
the second part, "Grand Elusions," they final meet their
mysterious manipulator and get to decide if they will
join with him as pawns or side with his enemies as free
people.

While these stories are for Vampires new to the area,
they were not designed for a group starting from Day
One. We assume that the characters have already met
and are at least loosely affiliated with each other. We
do not recommend this as a beginning adventure. If the
Storyteller is using this as the players' first meeting, he
or she may wish to run a short starting adventure such
as "Baptism by Fire" first. This will both give the
characters a reason to be together and provide them
with some experience.

Finally, these two parts have been designed to be just
as effective run separately as together. They alsodo not
need to be run one after another. Feel free to insert any
other story from this book between them or make up
one of your own.


Fh : eae :

a as ; QTRNET Ruuisig 1997,

Paper Chase

"And all our Knowledge is, ourselves to know."
Alexander Pope, Essay on Man

"Paper Chase" isa one chapter story for Vampire intended
for a group of 2-5 Kindred. If you decide not the run both
parts of "Child's Play," it can serve as either a stand-alone
adventure or as an element of the "Forged in Steel" Chronicle
(as described in Vampire). Storytellers can place it after the
Ashes to Ashes series, or play it out any time after the
Neonates have travelled to Chicago.

"Paper Chase" is a story of conflicting motivations and
interlocking conspiracies — in other words, a classic example
of intrigue. There are several "factions" involved in the
story, both Kindred and kine, each with its own purpose. No
faction is fully aware of the purpose of any other faction, and
in one case, it is possible that one faction is even unaware of
its own true motivation. The characters are caught in the
middle and, depending on their actions, can come into direct
conflict with one, two or all of the factions.

Unlike some stories, however, the conflict that rears its
head in "Paper Chase" will not always be physical. There are
foes that the characters will probably fight, that is true. But
the majority of conflicts can be resolved in ways other than
mano a mano combat.

Most of the Kindred directly involved in "Paper Chase"
are outside the cast of characters described in the Chicago
by Night. However, the odds are that the characters will

Child's Play: Paper Chase

interact with these familiar individuals. They represent the
best source of the information the neonates must learn, both
that concerning Vampiric history and philosophy, and that
related to other issues as well. As Storyteller, you can use
these characters to make the Neonates' job as difficult or as
easy as you see fit by providing information willingly or
withholding it ... or, in some cases, even warping it beyond
recognition. You should keep in mind the relationships the
Neonates have with whatever older Kindred they decide to
talk to. Vampires with whom they have friendly and close-
relationships will be much more willing to help out than will
new acquaintances, or enemies (whether covert or overt
foes). In general, however, no other Kindred should be
willing to help out directly (forreasons that will be discussed
later).

How To Run Tuis
STORY ‘

All the events in "Paper Chase" compose a single Chap-
ter, allowing you and your characters to run it in only one (or
perhaps two) sessions. There are four Scenes to this Chapter.
The first Scene gives the Neonates an incentive to do some
research, talk to what contacts they may have and learn a

103

little more about Vampiric history. The second Scene forces
them to decide how to deal with a human who seems to know
their true nature: strike a bargain with him, or destroy him
out-of-hand. The nature of the third Scene will depend on
what information they extracted from the human in the
previous Scene. It can lead to direct conflict with some
mortal hunters, or to a scrap with several Kindred who have
their own agenda to follow. The fourth Scene encompasses
the final confrontation between the Kindred and the hunters,

THE PLOT

Scene One: The Neonates receive a letter, delivered by
a Dominated human courier. It informs them that a copy of
an ancient manuscript will soon be coming on the market, a
manuscript that the characters should find very interesting,
as the letter says, "considering your background." This
manuscript is described as an Apocrypha, "an associated
text, of uncertain authorship" to the Book of Nod. The writer
of the letter identifies himself by name only as Dennis
Herdon and promises to contact the characters again ina few
days, when the manuscript is officially on the market.

The Neonates now have achance to find out what they can
about the Book of Nod, and track down this Dennis Herdon
who seems.to know of their Vampiric nature.

Scene Two: Presumably, the Kindred should be able to
find out something about Dennis Herdon, a dealer in antiq-
uities of rather shady provenance (read "a fence for items
stolen from museums"), including his address. They must
now decide how to deal with him.

If they choose to talk with Herdon rather than kill him,
they will learn that he does not know they are Vampires, and
in fact does not believe in such "scare stories" in the slightest
(unless the Kindred convince him otherwise, of course). He
was given their names by a frequent client of his, a gentleman
whom Herdon knows only as "Dix," who described the
characters as perfect potential clients for the Apocrypha.
From Herdon, the Neonates can perhaps learn something
about this mysterious Dix, and also about the person (or
persons) who will be putting the Apocrypha up for sale.

Scene Three: Herdon knows little about the person
selling the Apocrypha, forcing the Neonates to work their
contacts again. The Neonates might discover Herdon is
being watched by other Kindred, and also by some mortals.
How they deal with these watchers is up to them. They may
also notice that the watchers, Kindred and kine alike, have
now switched their attentions to them.

Scene Four: In this scene, the Neonates come into direct
conflict with two well-trained and very dedicated vampire
hunters, ex-Jesuits named Sayles and Tomba. Whether this
conflict takes place on the Neonates' termsor on the hunters'
depends on how much the Kindred have learned so far.

At the conclusion, they can learn that the Apocrypha to
the Book of Nod is worthless, a lure constructed by the

hunters to attract Vampires. It is doubtful that the Neonates
will ever learn the true identity of Dix, or of his true interest
in events.

SSS —
Wuat Is REALLY GOING
On

When the Neonates first came to Chicago, they were
noticed by the Tremere Elder Nicolai. Always on the
lookout for new pawns in the many games the Elders always
play, he decided to find out what these newcomers were
made of. Just how powerful and competent were they?
Could they be depended upon to actin a predictable manner?
Or were they true wild cards? Nicolai determined that he
would test these Neonates at the first suitable opportunity.

The opportunity was not long in coming. For several
years now, two men have been disturbingly successful at
hunting and slaying Kindred in various cities across Europe,
and most recently in North America. These two, Sayles and
Tomba, are ex-Jesuits, and Tomba served as personal secre-
tary to a member of the Society of Leopold (the new name
for the Inquisition).

Through his many sources, Nicolai learned that Sayles
and Tomba had arrived in Chicago. This represented a
significant advantage for the Tremere of the city; as far as
Nicolai could tell, no other group of Kindred had any
waming before the two hunters had struck and, as they say,
forewarned is forearmed. The day after Nicolai learned of
the hunters' arrival, as he was settling himself down in his
Haven for the sunlit hours, several thoughts struck him, First
and foremost was a realization of the personal value of
knowing about the hunters while none of his Kindred shared
that knowledge. And second was the notion that this
situation represented an excellent test for the Neonates in
whom he had become interested.

In fact, although Nicolai does not realize it, there is a
strong possibility that these thoughts are not his own, but
inserted into his brain by the Methuselah Helena via her
power of Extended Domination. It is up to you, as Story-
teller, to decide for yourself whether or not Nicolai's mind
is truly his ownin this matter. (Itdoes not make any practical
difference within the bounds of this story; however, your
decision might well change the atmosphere of your chronicle
further down the line.)

Sayles and Tomba followed what has become their stan-
dard procedure: lure one or more Vampires out of hiding by
offering something of great value. In this case, this item is
the (actually worthless) Apocrypha to the Book of Nod.
They have mentioned its existence to various middlemen
their research has uncovered, including the unscrupulous
Dennis Herdon.

Asitturns out, Nicolai is a frequent customer of Herdon's,
and so the fence immediately mentioned the Apocrypha to

104 Succubus Club

the Elder. Nicolai recognized the offer of the Apocrypha for
‘what it was — a machination of the hunters — and his plan
finally fell into place. He told Herdon where to find the
Neonates, describing them as potential customers, and

_ suggested he contact them. Nicolai now intends to watch the
Neonates and see how they react. The best possible outcome
isthat the Neonates show significant creativity and initiative
in uncovering and defeating the hunters. Nicolai will then
know them for what they are: potentially valuable pawns in
his ongoing plans, On the other side of the equation, the
worst that can reasonably happen is that the hunters will
destroy the Neonates, which will represent no significant
Joss to Nicolai or to Chicago's Kindred as a whole.

Unbeknownst to Nicolai, however, Herdon has mentioned
the Apocrypha to another of his regular clients, a Toreador
who calls himself Edge. Edge and his Childe, Stephanie, are
very interested in acquiring the Apocrypha for themselves,
since such a possession will greatly raise their status in
Toreador society.

THEME

The major theme of this story is trust and betrayal, and
how both can have immense effects on the life (or unlife) of
an individual. Virtually every character in this story is
betraying someone, to some degree or another: be it clan,
associates, or innocent pawns caught up in the game. Keep
this in mind when roleplaying these characters. Every one
of them will gladly lie to anyone to further his or her own
interests.

Moop

The pervasive mood here should be paranoia. The char-
acters should quickly realize that they know next to nothing
about the motivations of any of the factions involved in this
matter, and in fact, that they cannot even identify those
factions. They should have serious doubts about the bona
fides of virtually everyone they meet, and constantly be
aware that powerful undercurrents run below everything
that they do. By the end of the story, the characters should
have the answers to most, but by no means all, of the
questions that have bedeviled them. Some things should
definitely remain as mysteries. In reality, you never get the
answers to everything...

SCENE ONE: For SALE

Involving the Neonates

For this story to run smoothly, it is best that the characters
have already met and are working together. This will almost

Child's Play: Paper Chase

definitely be the case if you run this story after the events in
Ashes to Ashes. If they have been in Chicago for more than
acouple of days, odds are they have established one or more
Havens, and have settled into some form of routine, such as
going to the Succubus Club, whether as a prelude to Feeding
or asa way of gathering information. It is a safe assumption
that Nicolai, the head of Clan Tremere in Chicago, will have
leamed of this routine; after all, he has reason tobe interested
in any new players in the grand game and can take advantage
of this knowledge.

Atany time that you find convenient, preferably when the
characters are feeling particularly complacent and safe, a
young man walks up to them as though he knows them. The
young man, named Russ, is tall and almost cadaverously
thin, with bad skin and long, greasy black hair. In his late
teens, he wears jeans, boots, and a black T-shirt emblazoned
with the logo of the punk band Baby Chorus. Russ's eyes are
slightly glazed, and his manner is such that he seems more
concerned with whatever is going on inside his own head
than with the real world. Russ is definitely mortal, but
Kindred with the ability to read auras might be able to tell
that he has been Dominated by a Vampire, and thus his will
is not truly his own. In order to notice the rigid light-blue
aura fixed on his head (an indication of Domination), the
character needs three successes on the aura reading.

Russ will slouch up to the characters, stick out a small
package wrapped in brown paper, and mumble, "Guy told

105


me to give you this." Depending on the setting, he will then
either shamble off, or sit down and lose himself in his own
thoughts. He could not care less what is in the package, or
what the Kindred do with it.

The Package

The package is about seven inches wide, nine long, and
one thick— about the size of a small notebook. Itis carefully
wrapped in brown paper, and tied with string. Inside is... a
small notebook. Its binding is rich dark leather, delicately
tooled into complex scrollwork. The leather is obviously
old, but it has been impeccably cared for. The blank pages
within are finest vellum. In its entirety, the book is probably
worth a couple of hundred dollars.

As soon as the Kindred handle the book, a loose sheet of
vellum slips from between the pages and falls to the floor —
a note. The note is hand-written, in a very neat, almost
calligraphic style, using an old-fashioned nib pen. The note
reads:

"Dear Friends,

I will soon have an item in my possession that, consider-
ing your " shall we say " interesting background, you
may well find of great value. This item is, in fact, a
manuscript of great antiquity. I am as yet unable to
confirm its provenance, but its creation would seem to
date back to the 14th Century. Its actual contents would
seem to date back even further, perhaps to the pre-
Biblical period. (I apologize for being so circumspect,
but you will understand my need for caution.) This
manuscript is described as the Apocrypha to a work with
which I understand you are familiar: the Book of Nod. It
has been expressed to me that this manuscript will be of
inestimable value to you in your search for Golconda.
The Apocrypha will soon be available for purchase. When
this transpires, I will once again make contact with you to
inform you of the details. In the meantime, please accept
as a gift that which carried this note. Although a mere
bagatelle, I hope you will accept it as a token of the
respect in which I hold you.

Yours, etc.

Dennis Herdon

Although the Kindred may almost certainly assume
Herdon, whoever he may be, is offering them Russ as a
Vessel, in fact the gift referred to in the note is the leather-
bound notebook.

Research

It is almost certain the characters will immediately as-
sume that this "Dennis Herdon" knows they are Vampires.
After all, didn't he allude to their "interesting background,"
to their familiarity with the Book of Nod, and to their search
for Golconda? (In fact, as will become apparent in the next
scene, Herdon knows nothing whatsoever about the Kindred

106

or about Vampires in general. The note is more disi

from Nicolai.) Before they can do anything about it,
ever, the Neonates will have to find out more about Dennis
Herdon— who he is, where he can be found, etc. They will
also probably be somewhat curious about the Apocryphato.
the Book of Nod.

Researching Herdon

There are various ways in which the Neonates canattempt
to track down Dennis Herdon. The first is by interrogating
the hapless messenger, Russ, Unfortunately forthe Kindred,
Russ knows nothing about any Herdon. He does not know
where the package came from or what it contains, All he
knows is that he had the package in his possession, and it
seemed like a very good idea to take it to a particular location
and give it to particular people matching the Neonates'
descriptions. (This should give the Kindred some clue that
the boy was Dominated.) The last thing Russ remembers
before having the package in his hand and setting off across
the city was visiting a music store in New Town, a cd
specialty shop called Zulu which specializes in cutting-edge
music. One minute he was digging through the miscellaneous
bin; the next he was making his way to the place where he
met the Neonates. So powerful was the Domination, and so
fried is Russ's brain, that he does not consider such a
discontinuity disturbing, or even unusual. The characters
should quickly learn Russ is an innocent messenger.

Kindred with sufficient levels in Auspex might try to
"read" the note, the book and the package using Psychom-
etry. Each of these three will require a separate use of the
Discipline. The book and the note provide the same infor-
mation; the wrapping (since it was last touched by Russ)
provides different data. (Although "reading" the packaging
may seem irrelevant, since it was last touched by the messen-
ger, the Neonates can still learn significant information from
it.) The amountof information gained depends, of course, on
the number of successes. The difficulty against which the
character must roll is 5 for the note and the wrapping, and 6
for the book.

The Note and the Book:

lsuccess  Subject's aura is lavender, shot through
with dark red. (The aura does not show the characteristics of
a vampire...)

2 successes The subject'sname is Dennis Herdon. He
is male and in his mid-40s.

3 successes At the time the subject wrote the note, he
was concentrating on being as circumspectas he could while
still conveying the information he sought to communicate,
but was also contemplating the potential for significant
financial gain.

Succubus Club

4successes The character sees an image, apparently
from the point of view of the subject. The subject is sitting
‘at an antique roll-top desk, in a well- appointed, almost
Edwardian, study. The subject has just finished writing the
note, using an antique fountain pen, and is folding it and
inserting it into the notebook.

Ssuccesses  Thesheetof vellum on which the note was
written comes from a stack of the material which the subject
uses as personal stationary. The notebook has been in the
subject's personal collection for years. He originally acquired
it from a seller of antiquities in London.

The Wrapping Paper:

1 success The subject's aura is mixed grey and
silver, mottled with other shifting colors.

2successes The subject is Russ Smellings. He is
male, age 19.

3 successes The subject was feeling a welter of con-
fused emotions, none of them overly strong. At the forefront
was concer, not quite strong enough to be described as fear.
There is also a hint of another color in the subject's aura: a
touch of pale purple. .

4successes The character receives an image, through
Russ's eyes, of when the messenger handed over the pack-
age to the Kindred. The character also senses that the
additional tinge of pale purple in the subject's aura was
enforced from without.

S successes Again through Russ's eyes, the character
visualizes the young man being greeted by a short man in a
record store. The man's figure and features are vague,
totally lacking in detail, but his sense of presence is incred-
ibly strong. (Characters with the Discipline of Dominate will
recognize that this "man" is probably a Vampire using the
Discipline to make Smellings forget meeting him.) The
shady figure hands the package to Russ, and suddenly Russ
knows where he has to take it and to whom he has to give it.

Another way to track Herdon is through the Neonates'
contacts throughout Chicago, both Kindred and kine. De-
pending on who they talk to, they can gain different pictures
of Herdon.

Dennis Herdon's name is known to many members of the
art world. Art dealers, collectors, museum curators, histori-
ans and such people have heard the name mentioned. He has
asomewhat shady reputation asadealerin objets d'art. There
have been hints that his practices are something less than
legal, and he has even been charged with dealing in stolen
goods. The charges were dismissed, however, and no hard
evidence has ever emerged to support any other rumor of his
illegal activities. Despite his shady reputation, most people
inthe art world know someone who has dealt with him at one
time or another. Unlike many other similar "traders", there

Child's Play: Paper Chase

has never been even the slightest hint that he deals with
forgeries, or with anything other than the best works in any
given category. He is said to have pieds 4 tere around the
world, including an apartment somewhere in New Town.
Nobody knows exactly how to contact Herdon; it's always
he who makes contact with potential buyers whenever he has
something to sell.

Other "spheres" that know of Dennis Herdon are those of
law enforcement and the underworld. To these people,
Herdon's name has a different connotation. He is known as
an international fence who deals exclusively with objets d' art
and antiquities, often those that have been stolen from
museums and eventually find their way into private collec-
tions. Although everyone familiar with Herdon knows he is
guilty, nobody has ever been able to prove it to a jury's
satisfaction. What makes it particularly difficult is that
sometimes his buyers have enough influence to interfere
with the process of justice. When in Chicago, Herdon makes
his home in an apartment on North Clark in New Town. His
number is known to both the police and those members of the
underworld who deal in antiquities. Whenever anyone calls
this number, an answering machine picks up on the first ring.
The machine has no outgoing message; after five seconds of
silence, it beeps and switches over to record the incoming
message.

Anyone who knows of Herdon will be able to tell the
Neonates some simple background: that he hasa faint Welsh
accent, that he always wears the best clothes (but that they
never seem to really fit) and that he loves the finer things in
life.

In case anyone tries to look him up in the phone book or
in any other similar public directory, they have no luck.
Herdon has an unlisted number. Should your characters
come up with creative ways of tracking Herdon, adjudicate
them on an individual basis. If you prefer, you could simply
allow the characters to use their Investigate skills, but this
would cheat both you and them of a great opportunity for
roleplaying.

Researching the Apocrypha

Virtually every Vampire has heard of the Book of Nod,
reputed to have been written by one of the great Antediluvians.
Some have read the fragments that have survived to the
present day. Even those Anarchs who deny belief in its
authenticity have at least heard about it. Nobody has ever
heard of an Apocrypha to the Book of Nod, although that is
not evidence on either side of the question. If the Book of
Nod is thought of as the "Vampiric Bible," then historically
there isno reason that an Apocrypha could notexist; afterall,
the "Books of the Apocrypha," those books that were left out
of the Bible, are a solid precedent.

The Neonates should quickly realize or discover that this
Apocrypha represents great value to most Kindred. If it truly
provides guidance for attaining Golconda, many Vampires

107


will consider it quite literally the most valuable manuscript
onearth, Even if it does not contain this information, itis still
of inestimable value as a major part of the history of the
Kindred ... presuming itis genuine. Butevenifitisa forgery,
it represents value, only of a different nature. What does it
matter if the actual owner of the manuscript knows it to be
a forgery, if nobody else knows that? It would still represent
an incredible bargaining chip, or even a weapon, in the
infighting between the Kindred.

For these reasons, the Neonates should quickly learn that

spreading around word of the Apocrypha' existence is not
an overly smart idea. It is quite possible that they will find
themselves on the bad side of a powerful Kindred who wants
the Apocrypha for herself, to the characters' possibly termi-
nal detriment. The Apocrypha, genuine or not, is reason
enough to send any number of Kindred to their Final Death,
particularly "worthless" Neonates. At the absolute worst,
they could prompt a "feeding frenzy," where multiple pow-
erful Vampires vie with each other for possession of the
Apocrypha. The characters should swiftly realize that
causing such a situation is not a prescription for long-term
existence,
. If the Neonates mention the existence of the Apocrypha,
the response they receive will depend on just who they are
talking to and how much information they let slip. You as
Storyteller can partially manage the situation by making it
more or less difficult to arrange meetings with individual
Kindred. (For example, the first Vampire with whom the
Neonates can arrange a meeting is their Mentor, or some
other Kindred who is sympathetic to them and will explain
the advantages of keeping the existence of the Apocrypha
secret.)

A Vampire more or less sympathetic to the Neonates will
explain the importance of the manuscript and the risks
involved in bandying word of its existence about. Depend-
ing on the personality of this Vampire and his relationship to
the Neonates, he might ask for the opportunity to read and
perhaps copy the document before the characters do what-
ever else they want with it. Alternatively, he might urge the
Neonates to silence, all the while planning to acquire the
Apocrypha from them, either through manipulation or main
force.

One of the Damned whois on the path to Golconda would
probably urge them not to put their faith in written tradition;
the road to Golconda is different for everyone who assays to
travel it. She would explain how disruptive wide-spread
knowledge of the Apocrypha could be, and suggest that the
Neonates keep its existence inviolably secret.

If the Neonates have a friend among the Anarchs, that
friend would probably denounce the Apocrypha, and the
whole Book of Nod, as some kind of fraud. Nevertheless, he
would explain that others among the Damned would prob-
ably believe in its bona fides, and would do anything to pos-
sess it.

Should the Neonates broach the subject with someone not
sympathetic to them, they would hear much the same thing
in terms of warnings: keep this between us. The motive

108

would be something totally other than concem for
Neonates, ofcourse. The other Kindred will almost
covet the Apocrypha, and want to keep the secret so!
or her only rival for its possession would be the Neonates,
essence, then, any Vampire that the Neonates talk to woul
urge the characters to keep knowledge of the Apocrypha
themselves, for his or her own reasons.

Note that no Vampire, whether sympathetic or hostile t
the Neonates, will willingly take an active part in retrievit
the Apocrypha from Herdon. Their motive is simple:
tisk their own unlife when the Neonates are going to doit
anyway? Friends of the Neonates will let them take the risk,
then help them protect their prize once they have acquired it,
Enemies will let them expose themselves to whatever danger
Herdon might represent, then swoop in and snatch the prize
from the Neonates afterward.

If the characters insist on discussing the Apocrypha with
too many Kindred, let them, and on their own heads be it,
Other Vampires will react to the news depending on their
individual personalities. If the characters spread the news
widely enough to cause a "feeding frenzy," so be it. Justlet
them try to survive the aftermath of what they have wrought,

Scene three of this Story includes two non-player charac-
ters — Toreadors named Edge and Stephanie, In the Story
as written, they have learned of the existence of the Apocry-
pha through their own channels. If the characters are
indiscreet, you can replace these two with other Vampires:
Kindred who have learned of the Apocrypha from the
characters' own loose lips, and whose identities and natures
will depend on the characters' actions, If the characters have
been exceedingly indiscreet, there can be many more than
two Vampires involved in these Scenes, belonging to differ-
ent clans and factions within the society of the Damned. If
necessary, and if the characters have complicated things too
much, you could simplify things down again by having
several of these factions take each other out of the running
throughrumbles and internecine squabbling. The characters
would learn about this only indirectly, if, for example, if they
hear police cars responding to what seems to be a gang war
in a nearby alley.

Characters

Russ Smellings — Russis very much into sex, drugs
and rock ‘n' roll. Actually, only the latter two, since his
social skills are abysmal, and no girl he has yet approached
would sleep with him forany amountof money. He is almost
always stoned on something (usually only alcohol, though
he would never admit that), but not so far gone so as toimpair
his day-to-day functioning. He knows nothing whatsoever
about Vampires other than what he hears in songs, although
if pressed, he might decide that sleeping all day, partying all
night, and never growing old would be fun.

He is currently Dominated by Nicolai. The Elder needed
a pawn, and Russ happened to be wandering by at the time.
Russ does not remember the person who Dominated him,
where he got the package, or why he should hand it over to

Succubus Club

the Kindred — it just seemed like the thing to do at the time.
He has no greater connection to the events of the Story than
that of unwitting messenger.

Master: Nicolai

Nature: Conformist

Demeanor: Loner

Willpower: 4

Age: 19

Image: A tall, gangly youth with matted black hair. He
always wears jeans and boots, and his T-shirt usually bears
the name of a band (the more extreme the better).

Roleplaying Hints: Answer any questions a couple of
seconds after you're asked them. Mumble a lot, and never
look anybody in the eyes. Only become animated if the topic
of conversation turns to music or an invitation to party.

SCENE Two:

MIpNiGuHtT MEETING

Locating Herdon

Inthe preceding scene, the characters should have learned
at least something about Herdon, including the fact that he
lives on North Clark in New Town, north of the city center.
They should not yet have learned his actual address (this
datum is known to very few).

‘VAMPIRE:

Russ Smellings

Physteal Mental
Steg. 20000. evepten
Desert e000 0000 Imctiyeme
Stain e000 0000 Wie
Talents Knowledge
00000 00000 taremere.
‘ere 00000 20000 Computer.
‘Niet 0000 ‘ooov0 Vince
00000 {00000 mest
Dole po000 0000 law
opel fooooo | 0000 |
{ntimidaton—o0000 0000 Neue ‘90000
iin——o0000 one) Oral
Stretane sooo § soo) faa
Sabie ooo) Sorta ooove Scere
ot: Advantage
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
coo00 20000 Se Conirl
———— c0000 ———— co0me Com
te
AemOther Talis fo Lumanliy—me toffee
i ‘0800 oo  Biiant
penny ee000 bee
ea) fol
20000 tome Wilpon 3
Foote Seeeoooo0 — Meal 4

fom |enfeee] COOOOOOOoO

"FoeTlood Poolmet-
0000000000

‘Auer 780 Abhles (WC Diciine 3 Backamde Vice 7 Pestle eee 15 CM)

Child's Play: Paper Chase

From here they have several options. They can work the
streets, talking to locals and trying to find out exactly where
Herdon lives. This will be quite difficult, because very few
residents of Herdon's neighborhood know his name, but it
does represent a great chance for role-playing. The best
chance they have is to ask around about the "European
gentleman." If your characters choose this route, make them
work for it, but eventually give them Herdon's address.

Another approach is to contact Herdon, using the phone
number they acquired in the preceding scene. The only way
to talk to Herdon is to phone his answering machine, and
leave a number to which he can call back. Should the
Neonates choose this option, Herdon will call them back, but
will hasten to explain to them that the "item in question" is
not yet officially for sale, and hence is not yet in his
possession. He urges them to wait.

If the characters refuse to wait, and try to press for a
meeting, Herdon will only agree if he can be persuaded there
is something init for him. When roleplaying Herdon,remain
quite adamant about this. He never does anything that does
not benefit him, whether directly or indirectly. Whenever the
characters start heading toward a "sensitive" topic, Herdon
will immediately warn them that "discretion is important,
and phone lines are rarely secure." This, of course, is an
opening that the characters can exploit in setting up a
meeting with the fence. Over the phone he will not discuss
who has the Apocrypha, how he learned of it, who gave him
the Neonates' names, etc. If the characters try to steer the
conversation around to what Herdon knows about them, he
will quickly warn them not to discuss such matters on a non-
secure phone line. "One of your background should under-
stand this, hm?" Of course, Herdon still thinks the Neonates
are collectors of "hot" objets d' art, and hence leery of police
entanglements, although the characters will almost certainly
interpret this as a reference to their Vampiric nature, Herdon
will not discuss sensitive topics over the phone. If the
characters press him, rather than saying anything indelicate,
he will simply hang up.

If the characters handle it right, they might be able to
arrange a meeting with Herdon. He will definitely arrange
such a meeting somewhere other than his apartment. His
preference will be at a cozy (and private) Italian restaurant
on North Clark called Settebello, where Herdon knows the
management and can depend on them for privacy (and for
two burly waiters to help him out should things turn uncivi-
lized).

This is the only opportunity the characters will have to
meet with Herdon. If they wait for him to arrange the
meeting at his own convenience, the Witch-hunters will
make their move. Even if the characters somehow survive,
there will be no more Apocrypha available, and Herdon will
not contact them again.

109

Location

Depending on how the characters decide to handle it, the
actual meeting with Herdon can occur in several places.
They might decide to "beard the lion in his den" (in other
words, penetrate his apartment). For information on Herdon's
Chicago home, refer to the following section. Alternatively,
they might stake out his apartment and wait for him to leave
the building. Herdonrarely leaves home after dark, but itcan
happen. Or, finally, they might have arranged a meeting
with him at Settebello or elsewhere.

Herdon's Apartment

Herdon's apartment takes up the entire upper floor of a
two-story brick building on North Clark. The ground floor
is devoted to stores, a used-book store and an antique store.
In fact, Herdon owns most of both businesses. Between the
two stores is a locked door giving access to Herdon's private
staircase,

At the top of the stairs is another door, locked and barred.
‘The locks are the finest quality. This second door opens onto
an entrance hall, Straight ahead is the large living room,
while to the right is the apartment's second bedroom, which
Herdon has converted into an office. Down the hall and to
the left is the kitchen, while directly to the left is the large
master bedroom. All the windows are barred, and the entire
apartment is protected by a very sophisticated perimeter
alarm system that automatically dials the police if anyone
triggers it. Herdon personally loves this little bit of irony;
since the police have not been able to jail him, they have to
provide him with the same level of security as anyone else or
face a lawsuit.

The apartment is high-ceilinged, and has perfectly cared-
for hardwood floors. All the furniture and artwork is from
the Edwardian era, and is all authentic; Herdon would not
have a copy in his house. (The bedroom/office sports an
antique roll-top desk, and is the scene that a character who
"read" the note using Auspex might have glimpsed.) Even
though he is a man of peace, and prefers talking to conflict,
Herdon recognizes Chicago is a tough town. As a conces-
sion to this fact, he has a sawed-off semi-automatic shotgun
concealed in a cabinet in his office. (To simulate the effects
of the sawed-off barrel, decrease the weapon's range to 10
yards, but also decrease Herdon's difficulty to hit by 1.)
When he leaves his apartment, he always carries a knife,
with which he is proficient.

Settebello

This is acozy, intimate little Italian restaurant. Its food is
worthy of a write-up in Chicago's gastronomic press, but its
owner, a 65-year-old Italian known only as Giuseppe, does
not want any publicity. It is a family-run business, and
everyone there knows Herdon. When he comes here, he

110

always eats in the private room in the back.
meets with other people; sometimes he comes alone sit
toenjoy the food. This private back room has two doors, one
leading to the kitchen, the other leading to the main dining
room. The door that leads from the kitchen to the back
is latched from within.

On the Street

Herdon usually travels by taxi, and he always waits until _
the cab has arrived before emerging from his apartment. The
only exception is when he walks the two blocks to Settebello,
If the Neonates try to snatch him on the street, he will try to
talk his way out of trouble, only using his knife if he thinks
his life is truly being threatened.

The Meeting

There are a number of important topics that the characters
will probably want to discuss with Dennis Herdon. Each of
the major areas of conversation is dealt with below.

The Characters

To stress again, Herdon does not know that the characters
are Vampires, and certainly does not believe in the Undead.
He was given the Neonates' names by an old customer of his,
aman Herdon knows only as Dix, and was told that they are
collectors of stolen antiquities (hence Herdon's cautious
language in the note, and his veiled references to their
"background"). Dix also told Herdon that the characters are
interested in determining the historicity of amythical country
called "Golconda." _Herdon imagines this to be something
like the mythographic search for Atlantis.

From Dix's description, Herdon has come to assume that
the characters are rich "otherwise how could you afford
items such as the Apocrypha" and somewhat eccentric. If
the characters do not fit this mental picture, Herdon will
become suspicious that they are not who they claim to be.

Following Dix's instructions, Herdon sent the original
note to the characters via a courier supplied by Dix. This
courier was actually a young teen-aged boy, perhaps 13 or
so. Herdon paid little attention to the boy's appearance and
so cannot give a good description. Obviously, this courier
was not Russ. In fact, the "courier" was Nicolai himself.
After taking the note and book, he Dominated Russ to make
the delivery.

Dix — One of Herdon's regular customers is someone
the fence knows only as Dix. He has never met Dix. All their
dealings have been over the telephone or through interme-
diaries. Herdon knows virtually nothing about Dix other
than that his taste is impeccable, and that he always pays a
gratuity of one or two percent on top of everything he buys
from the fence. Herdon certainly has the resources and

Succubus Club

contacts to find out more about Dix should he want to, buthe
is simply not interested, and anyway would consider such
curiosity as intrusive and unprofessional. Dix has proven his
bona fides as a customer in the past, and that is quite good
enough for Herdon. The one thing that Herdon knows about
Dix is that he has a fairly high-pitched voice and speaks with
a pronounced Eastern European accent. In fact, of course,
"Dix" is the Vampire Nicolai. The Elder has actually met
with the fence on several occasions, but Herdon always
thought the Tremere leader was a messenger boy.

The Apocrypha

Although the Apocrypha is not officially on the market
yet, Herdon has seen it and satisfied himself as to its
authenticity. The piece's authenticity was confirmed by a
"Certificate of Provenance" issued by the central library of
the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits). Herdon has seen such
certificates before, and accepts this one as authentic. The
final price for the Apocrypha has not yet been set, but Herdon
suspects it will be in the region of $750,000. His standard
broker's fee is 15 percent. In fact, both the Apocrypha and
the Certificate of Provenance are forgeries, although Herdon
does not know this.

The Sellers

Predictably, Herdon will be unwilling to tell anyone about
the people selling the Apocrypha or how to contact them. If
he did, an interested party could contact the sellers directly,
cutting Herdon out of the loop and eliminating his brokerage
fee.

The sellers are two men named Sayles and Tomba. Sayles
is North American; Herdon suspects that Tomba is Euro-
pean, but is not sure since he has never heard the man say a
single word. For physical descriptions of the two, refer to
Scene Four. Herdon has met the men just once, at Settebello.
He knows nothing about their background, other than that
Sayles seems incredibly well-educated and erudite. He does
not know where they are staying in Chicago. He contacts
them by phoning a local number they gave him and leaving
a message.

As with Dix, Herdon probably could have found out more
about the two, but could not care less. All that matters to him
is that the item for sale is authentic (to the best of his
knowledge, of course).

The true details about Sayles and Tomba are given in
Scene Four.

Loose Ends

It is quite likely that the Neonates will say something to
clue Herdon in to the fact that they are Vampires. (After all,
they probably think he already knows...) They will have to

Child's Play: Paper Chase

ic)
decide how to deal with Herdon afterward. Leaving him
alive is a significant risk, but killing him carries with it the
danger of Humanity loss since Herdon is a (relatively)
innocent bystander in all of this.

Characters

Dennis Herdon — Herdon is the consummate pro-
fessional when dealing with matters with which he is familiar.
He has an expert's knowledge about antiques, art objects,
and antiquities. He is well-connected with the underworld
throughout North America and around the world, and has a
reputation as one who can be depended upon to follow
through on what he promises.

His personal manner and appearance belie this profes-
sionalism, however. He always looks rumpled, as though he
has just woken after a night of sleeping in his clothes. His
stringy grey hair is impossible to control, and his expensive
suits never seem to fit right. He has a faint Welsh accent,
which he plays up when he is dealing with people who donot
know him. He can act the dolt perfectly, concealing his true
intelligence and his calculating mind behind the facade of a
true dunderhead.

Herdon likes the best things in life, and is quite glad to pay
for them. He will never engage in anything that does not
Promise a very good return on his time and effort.

Jil

Master: None
Nature: Director
Demeanor: Conservative

Image: A short, rumpled-looking man, resembling a
kindly university professor wearing someone else's Brooks
Brothers suit.

Roleplaying Hints: While you are still trying to evaluate
anew person or situation, put on a thick Welsh accent, blink
in surprise a lot, and act like a bit of a buffoon. Once you
understand the situation and things get down to business,
drop all but the faintest hint of the accent, and talk like the
cool, experienced professional you are.

_ SCENE THREE:
OTHER PLAYERS IN THE
GAME

Locating Sayles and Tomba

The next order of business for the characters will probably
be locating Sayles and Tomba. Considering that they know
nothing other than names, descriptions and a phone number,

this might be difficult. Odds are, your characters will devis

cunning ways of tracking the two. This should not be too
easy for them, and should make them stretch. Remember
that the only Kindred who knows who Sayles and Tombaare
is Nicolai, and he certainly will not tell the Neonates,

Here is one potential way in which the characters can
locate the hunters' residence. The Neonates can acquire the
phone number from Herdon at which Sayles and Tombacan
be reached. The Neonates can bribe or Dominate someone
who works for the phone company to tell them the physical
address of this number. It is, in fact, a small, old house in
New Town.

The house is empty, and seems never to have been
occupied. Hooked up to the telephone is a sophisticated
answering machine, the kind that allows messages to be
picked up remotely from any touch-tone phone. Obviously,
Sayles and Tomba use this set-up to receive messages while
having a "cut-out" to prevent people from tracking them,

In the house's mailbox is a hand-written note from a
Marsha Loudette, on the letterhead of a rental agency. The
note reads, "Hope you like the house, if you need anything
give me acall."

The characters can quickly determine Marsha Loudetteis
the rental agent for the house. If they approach her in the
right way, they can learn that the house was rented by a Mr,
Smith for a two-month period for his friend from Europe. If
the characters question Marsha Loudette closely enough,
they can confirm that her description of "Mr. Smith" matches
Herdon's description of Sayles. Ms. Loudette has in herfiles
an address for Mr. Smith, a small condominium also in New
Town. Obviously, she will not willingly give out this
information, but the Neonates should be able to overcome
this problem without much difficulty. The address is where
the hunters Sayles and Tomba are actually staying.

Dennis meta 4

Miribynt 2 5

Physten! Soctal Mental
Chace 0800 , Hoventin e000
Deer ‘30000 Maniptin——eese0 " Inciiyence 000
San {32000 Amenmee e000 seee0
+. Abilities: =

"Talents Skatts Knowledge
Act 20000 Animal Ken 00000 ‘00000
Nero Seeo0 tyne 0000 Commuter 000s
Niet coooo | Mpa ‘eeoo Pome oo0ee
Trae ‘00000 seo00 0000
Das foo000 Maer seeo0 Law 0000
Empey o0000 Moni joooee | 00000
in 0000 Rea ‘oovee Nolin ‘0000
Landen —eoo00 Sec onee | Ot ‘0000
Stren feeoo Ste coos Nt ‘ooo

Sabet ons

+ Advantages- +

Disciplines Backgeoutds Virtues:
‘20000 ‘Se000  Cinreiexe e800
oooae Sooo SdfCatl__seeoo
0000 ————— do000 Cams e000

sfo—Lumanity——

pce sb

tpeot 20
Wilpon RES
ooooo000000 Incopnctiated O

"foBlood Pool
0000000000

‘Auber Y80 Aiies 1Y9C Dipion: 3 Bachpamte 3 Viee 7 Fee one SCAM)

112

Watchers...

If the Neonates were indiscreet in Scene One when they
were researching the Apocrypha, then it is likely that other
Vampires will have become interested in their movements.
From soon after the time of their indiscretion, other Kindred
will have started following them, hoping that the Neonates
will lead them to the Apocrypha. The clan, number and
identities of these "watchers" will depend on just who the
characters talked to in Vampire society.

The watchers will be using all their Vampiric skills to
shadow the Neonates without being spotted themselves.
Each time the Neonates leave their Haven(s), there is a
chance that they will spot one or more of the watchers. The
resolution of this sub-plot will depend totally on how the
characters react to this surveillance.

Succubus Club

This can give you, as storyteller, some very interesting
options. If the characters have been very indiscreet, then
there can be several factions watching their movements.
One group of watchers could spot another faction, leading to
conflict not directly affecting the Neonates. Alternately,
several groups could even join forces. Feel free to use these
kinds of intrigues to maximize the sense of paranoia the
characters should be feeling.

Even if the Neonates have kept their own counsel, there
are two Kindred who know about the Apocrypha. These are
two Toreadors, Edge and Stephanie. Edge is a regular
customer of Herdon's, and so the fence mentioned the
Apocrypha to Edge shortly after contacting the characters.
Edgeand Stephanie entered into the same sort of investigation
as the characters, and quickly discovered the Neonates.
Unsure of just who the Neonates are and how powerful they
are, Edge and Stephanie decided to follow them and learn
more about them.

If at any time you feel the momentum of the story
diminishing, tell one of your characters that he or she has
spotted Edge and Stephanie shadowing them. As with the
situation described above, the resolution will depend on the
characters' actions.

..And More Watchers

There are also some mortals very interested in the Neo-
nates' actions: the hunters, Sayles and Tomba, and the
"assistants" they have hired. Starting on the night after they
firsttold Herdon about the Apocrypha, the hunters have kept
the fence's home and his usual haunts under surveillance. To
aid them in this, they have hired members of Chicago's
underworld. These are simple street thugs who know
nothing about Vampires or about the hunters' plans.

The hunters learned about the characters' existence shortly
after Herdon contacted them. They will concentrate their
attentions on the Neonates and have them followed. At all
times, the characters will have one or more thugs shadowing
them (or trying to do so).

As will be explained later, the two ex-Jesuit hunters are

seeking proof that the characters are actually the Undead. ~

Proof in this case means some manifestation of Vampiric
powers. Any such manifestation will reassure the hunters
that the characters are of the Damned, and free them to
follow through with the rest of their plan.

As with the Kindred who are shadowing the Neonates,
there is a chance the characters will spot one or more of the
street thugs following them. The thugs have been hired todo
a simple job, and have no loyalty to the hunters. Unfortu-
nately for the Neonates, the thugs know next to nothing
about the people who hired them. Apart from physical
descriptions, all they can say is that they were told to follow
the characters, and phone a certain number if they saw

Child's Play: Paper Chase

‘
anything unusual happen. They were also supposed to find
the characters' "base of operation" (i.c., their Haven). The
number the thugs were given is to the answering machine in
the rented house.

Characters

Street Thug — These are typical street operators —
small-time thieves, maybe dabbling in the drug trade. They
know the city, and they know how to survive on the streets,
They are tough, and difficult to intimidate. Their only
loyalty is to themselves. In general, they are not too bright
... but then they do not really have to be.

Sayles and Tomba have hired eight of these guys. They
usually operate alone, or in pairs. Most are armed with
knives, but are capable of using guns should they somehow
acquire one. A particularly militant individual might pack a
light pistol (probably more for intimidation value than from
an honest intention to use it).

Master: None
Nature: Bravo
Demeanor: Bravo
Age: 18-30

Image: A standard street tough: young, hard and danger-
ous. Can be black, white, Hispanic, Oriental, etc.

113

Street Thugs
Adie ibent
Pystal Social Mental
sign ses00 Carma 0000 f
feat ——sete Nepean ——sto0e | tacnyece———eooon
: Stove seoeo Wa
Abilities:
Talents Suils Knowledge
i £0000 faim Ken-~—-00000 treme
Keio —eno thre feces Gnawa
fete soweo Fees 0000 imei
soc Nek Seo i
Pope Socco | Mas cooce | tngasia——ooo0e
{nian yo000 Repel 00000 Melikine
H cece Sete coves | Oat
SScrte——eonwe | Save . Se
Advantage:
splines Dackgrownie Views
sbasiis 9000 oh 0000 Commence, 90000
cies Sie Se
a eC ES
+
AeOther Traits te Tumanity—t to LTealth et
Ynleruertd 20000 eeeeecccco = tent
sooee ee
20000 teen Wilpower—evt- Waal 3
4tar—Combai—avt- 0000090000 oe S
. oooooo0000 eee

"Fe=Dlood Poole
0000000000

‘Aves 10 Nie 193 Diciptnce} Badge $ Views 7 Fret Pees 13 0677)

Roleplaying Hints: You're cool and you're hard (or
you'd like to think so), so always try to tough things out. If
your bluff is called, do whatever it takes to stay alive, while
still trying to cling to some shred of dignity.

Edge—Inlife, the Vampire who calls himself Edge was
the same kind of electric, self-destructive musical genius as
the great Charlie Parker himself. There are some, in fact,
who claim that on a good night Edge was even hotter than
Bird.

Edge's Sire, a Toreador named Ted Zyncan, discovered
this talent when he found the young man sitting ina downtown
Chicago alley at four in the moming, drunk out of his mind,
and wailing away on his saxophone. Zyncan was enraptured,
and listened from the shadows until Edge finally passed out.

Zyncan became the young man's patron, but was unable
to change to trajectory of Edge's life. Edge drank, and used
any other mindbender that came his way. To make it worse,
he was an obnoxious drunk who loved to fight, but was
downright lousy at it. Zyncan found himself spending more
and more time following a drunk Edge to make sure he did
not take a swing at the wrong person.

On the last night of Edge's mortal life, Zyncan wasa little
slow. Edge decided he did not like a burly longshoreman he
met in a bar, and told the big man so in no uncertain terms,
Words were exchanged, punches were thrown. A barroom

114

brawl ensued, and Edge ended up with a knife in
Zyncan arrived just in time to find the young

ing out his last breaths in bright blood. It was a deci
the moment to Embrace the musician.

Edge still plays his sax, and his technique has in
immeasurably. He rarely plays in public any more,
ring impromptu jam sessions. His addictive per

survived his death, and he prefers to feed from Vessels
the influence of alcohol or narcotics.

As a mortal he was poor, and always considered hin
inferior to those with money. Even now, he cons
himself inferior to most other Toreadors, and is obse
with increasing his status in the clan. He is no longer poor,
of course, and is even more consumed than most of his clan.
by the acquisition of material goods. (This is a manifestation
of his quest for status and self-worth.) He believes that ifhe
acquires the Apocrypha, he will finally gain the status he's
always wanted.

He is madly in love with his Childe Stephanie, and will
give his unlife to protect her.

Sire: Ted Zyncan
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Bon Vivant
Generation: 12th

& 00000

+ Advanings

Disciplines Tiackgrounds Virtues
‘se0e0 ‘0000 Camden" _se000
seeo0 ove Sel'Contn____s0000

——— cece ————— cove Cem #9000
teee 2 od
fe-Other Trallarmet HomeeTumanity—aet tom Health ae

soeee ee)

MINE eeeeeoov0 Peer «ts

‘0000 lyre 2 0

920009 tee Willpowermeet> Wanda 3
Tome seeeoov0ca = Meal 4G
befome] COOOOOOCOO irynctited O

"fee Expertence sme

Succubus Club

Embrace: 1938 (Bor 1915)
Apparent Age: Middle 20s

Image: A thin, malnourished-looking black youth, with
wildeyes. He always dresses in black and white. His clothes
are expensive, and always over-accessorized with jewelry of
silver or platinum.

Roleplaying Hints: Be cool. You do jazz, and jazz is the
epitome of cool. Don't do anything to let on that you've got
a fragile self-image.

Haven: Several, including a loft apartment and the
basement of an old jazz club.

Stephanie — By the time she was 20, Stephanie Bayliss
had the body of a model and the voice of an angel. Born and
raised in Seattle, Washington, she sang her first jazz gig
when she was just 16. She worked her way through a prelaw
program at the University of Washington before quitting to
devote herself full-time to her music.

Her voice is a smokey contralto, just made for jazz. Edge
heard it while passing through Seattle, and was enraptured.
He followed her career, never missing a chance to hear her
sing. They became close friends, although he never revealed
his true nature.

Stephanie was 25 when she was diagnosed as having
pancreatic and lymphatic cancer, and given six months to

Child's Play: Paper Chase

oo—= VAMPIRE:

Stephanie

feeooo Ni ‘00000
cou0 | Sdeme (00000

ge
Tacoma Vite
Sooo SefConind___seeoo

Sovos Coury. e000

x.

=

steemLlumanity A Health ant

a Devel =
eoccccese ne Sal
Iymed 2 0
"tee Willpower maet- Wansled 3 0
Mave 4 0.
eeecceseon Cts

oooooo0000

live. When he learned, Edge was horrified ... and personally
offended at a Providence that would create such a voice and
then destroy it so soon. Finally the saxophonist explained to
the singer what he was, and offered her the Embrace. She
took almost a week to think over her decision, but finally she
accepted.

She and Edge have been inseparable ever since. When he
moved to Illinois, she came with him. Although they are not
Blood Bound, the love and respect they have for each other
is so strong that a complete Blood Bond would be almost
redundant.

Stephanie has no interest in the Apocrypha for herself, but
she realizes what it represents to Edge and so will go to any
lengths to help him acquire it.

Sire: Edge

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Caregiver

Generation: 13th

Embrace: 1988 (Born 1963)
* Apparent Age: Middle 20s

Image: A slender young woman with blonde hair and
freckles, Stephanie looks like a surfer girl.

15

Roleplaying Hints: You know that lots of people auto-
matically tag cute blondes as airheads. When it might
benefit you, you can play the ditzy role to the hilt. Giggle a
lot, and fail to get jokes. Occasionally slip up, and show that
you're a hell of a lot brighter than you seem.

Haven: With Edge.

SCENE Four:
HUNTERS AND HUNTED

The way this last Scene plays out will depend in great part
on how the characters have handled the preceding Scenes.
Either the hunters will come after the Neonates, or the
Neonates will go after the hunters. One way or the other,
there will almost certainly be a final confrontation.

The Hunters' Plans

As mentioned earlier, Sayles and Tomba intend to use
word of the Apocrypha to draw out Vampires. Once they and
their hirelings have identified prospective prey (in this case,
the Neonates), the hunters will follow them, looking for
some manifestation of Vampiric ability. If the Neonates do
display any kind of superhuman abilities, the hunters will
move on to the next step.

116

hunters, they know the techniques that actually do destroy
Vampires. As soon as they know that the characters really
are Vampires, the hunters will plan and execute a day-time
raid on the Neonates' Haven(s), and do their best to destroy
them.

The nature of this raid will, of course, depend on the
Haven(s) the characters have chosen. Remember that Sayles
and Tomba are very intelligent and very determined oppo-
nents. If the characters have made any mistakes, or been
sloppy in protecting their Haven(s), then the hunters will
take advantage of every weakness. When the hunters make
their raid, they will take along as many of their eight street
thugs as survive as bodyguards. On the raid, the hunters will
be armed with stakes, mallets and heavy revolvers. Eachex-
Jesuit will also carry a Bible, a silver crucifix, and his medal
of St. Ignatius.

Hunting the Hunters

If the characters have not tracked down the two hunters,
and are not very careful in protecting themselves, there is a
very real chance that the two ex-Jesuits might be able to
destroy several of them ... or maybe all. The characters' best
chance of survival is to take the battle to the hunters and to
confront them on the characters' terms,

Mostof the time, the two hunters stay ina condo they have
rented in New Town. The Neonates might have acquired the
address from the rental agent, Marsha Loudette, in Scene
Three. They rarely go out at night, leaving all surveillance
duties to their hirelings since there is always a chance their
prey will come after them. They sleep during the day; after
dark they are always watchful. The condominium is locked
up tight after sunset. The doors are secured with deadbolts
and bars; the windows are barred. In addition, the condo is
Protected by a sophisticated perimeter alarm system.

If the two hunters have some reason to suspect that the
Neonates have learned of their existence, they will hire four
more armed street thugs to stay in the house and guard them
while they make preparations to leave. The next morning,
the two hunters leave town, having decided that discretion is
the better part of valor.

Characters

Warren Sayles — Born in Boston, Sayles came from
a very devout family, and it was always expected that he
would enter the priesthood. As things turned out, his teachers
at the seminary quickly recognized his considerable mental
gifts, and subtly steered him toward the Society of Jesus.
The Jesuits in turn saw his strengths when he approached
them as an applicant, and expected great things of him.

Succubus Club


Something that none of his early teachers noticed, how-
ever, was that Warren Sayles could be an obsessive person,
sometimes to the point of pathology. Strong-mindedness
and determination were considered admirable traits for a
Jesuit, but the young Sayles carried them to extremes. Once
his mind was set on a course of action, it proved almost
impossible to sway him from it.

Sayles showed an incredible aptitude for the intricacies of
linguistic analysis. It was this that gained him entry to a
special meeting between a group calling itself the Society of
Leopold and a group of Jesuit scholars. The purpose of the
meeting was to wring all the syntactic and contextual infor-
mation from a newly-discovered fragment of a manuscript
known as the Book of Nod.

Discovering in this way that Vampires walked the earth,
Sayles then and there decided that his life's purpose would
be the destruction of these creatures of the devil. He was
angered and disgusted by the attitude shown by most of his
superiors: slow movement and study was the course of
choice, not swift and determined attack,

At the meeting, Sayles met someone who shared his
opinion. This was Alberto Tomba, personal secretary to a
member of the Society of Leopold delegation. Finding a
kindred spirit so emboldened both men that they left their
respective orders, foreswearing themselves in the process,
and went out into the world.

Since their meeting in 1983, Sayles and Tomba have
travelled North America and Europe, seeking out and de-
stroying Vampires whenever they could. They are both
smart and cautious men, Sayles even more so than Tomba.
The technique they usealways involves close surveillance of
their prospective targets to ensure that the targets truly are of
the Damned,

Sayles is patient, despite his obsession, and wants to be
sure of his target's "guilt" before making his final move.
Once he is sure, however, he is an implacable and very
competent foe,

Master: None

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Judge

Age: 38

Image: A handsome, very reserved man with short black
hairand quick black eyes. Healways dresses conservatively.

He can seem friendly and outgoing, but anyone with any
empathy at all will peg this as an act.

e000 Dri. e000) Comer 00000

ete aes
seces o
pies eae
eee eres
Advant,
ght
sce feet Sane pees

AemOther Traits foe—dlumgnity meet "foe Tenth

beccd lgwed 2
eel eee ee
:
oooo000000 Incynctinted

"t=Dlood Poolmet-
0000000000

‘Antes 767 Abie 1YNS Dieter } Baten 3 Vieuce 7 Fete Pome 13 GA)

Child's Play: Paper Chase 117

118

Roleplaying Hints: Take a moment to think
saying anything. Be extremely serious, unless itis'
best interest to feign some other emotion.

Alberto Tomba — Tomba's background was t
markably similar to Sayles', except that he was
Palermo, and became an applicant to the Society of Je
Rome. In terms of personality, however, the men are'
different. While Sayles is cold and controlled, Tomba:
man of strong emotions, impatience and temper. All
his Jesuit training helped him suppress these tende
they are still with him and come out when he is under
pressure.

The young Tomba was incredibly intelligent, as was
Sayles, but his talents and interests lay in other areas, He
became a specialist in the history of art, and worked closely _
several Jesuit historians, eventually becoming personal as-
sistant to a Portuguese brother named Alvito. Alvito'smain
interest was seeking out forgeries in the Society's extensive
art collection. During this period, Tomba leamed much
about how to recognize (and to create) forgeries.

This life pleased the young Tomba. Unfortunately, his
years of peace were ended in 1981, when he was attacked in
his chambers by a Malkavian. So great was the young man's
faith, however, that he was able to drive the monster away.

At that time, the Society of Leopold, once known as the
Inquisition, was recruiting from other Christian orders,

Tomba
‘Atiribt +
Social Mental

s00%0 Chern s2000 0
Seev0 ‘Se000 "Inet sesso
Seeeo e000 ts ste00

Abilities:

Skat Knowledge
20000 Aine! Ken__ 00000 ‘eese0
feeeoo Dine e000 Computer 0000
See00  Binpte ‘So000 Mace 0000
‘seeo0 Fearn ‘eevo0 am es000
S000 Meee ‘90000 law 0000
0000 Mum 00000 Lanpisioe seeen
poo Meticne pee

Sooo Sec cove Orie 20000
feouoo Stal 30 func ‘0000
0000 Sunt 000 Skene ‘20000

Advantag. +

Tacgronnda Virtues
000 ee e000 Conmcene a
0000 Soooo  Sal'Ganel
e000 —————— e000 ©
covee Sooo Cams

es
ares

niet

ie a8

tonto

ao Wipe, SG

ooooo000000 Incapectiated O
spose

+te-Tlood Poo sols

‘Auteace T62 Aides 195 Dice: 3 Racy $ Vee 7_ Fete Pa 1305000)

Succubus Club

selecting only those who had survived an encounter with
Vampires. (This controversial policy was short-lived, for
many bureaucratic reasons.) An invitation was issued to join
the Society, anda shaken Tomba accepted. For several years
he served the Society well, although like Sayles he was
angered by the group's unwillingness to take decisive ac-
tion.

He came to the United States in 1983, and here he met
Warren Sayles. Even though he left the Society of Leopold
immediately thereafter, he has many contacts within the
organization — mostly younger members like himself —
some of whom can occasionally funnel him money and
provide logistical support.

While most of the pair's plans and procedures were
devised by Sayles, it was Tomba who thought up the
Apocrypha, created it, and forged the Certificate of Prov-
enance. Tomba is still a man of fiery emotions and short
patience, although Sayles is a moderating influence. Like
Sayles, he is a determined foe, and will gladly give his life
if he thinks it is

Master: None

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Cavalier

Age: 42

Image: A big, bull-necked man with a shock of curly
black hair. He usually dresses in such a way as to conceal his
true size and robustness.

Roleplaying Hints: Don't say much. You're a man of
action rather than words, even though you are very intelli-
gent. When you do speak, you have a hint of an Italian

Child's Play: Paper Chase

accent. Let your impatience and anger come out in your
voice, then struggle (unsuccessfully) to suppress it.

Aftermath q ~

The forged Apocrypha, along with the false Certificate of
Provenance, is in Tomba's suitcase. If the characters suc-
ceed in defeating the hunters, they might well end up
possessing it. What they do with it is up to them,

If they still believe its authenticity, they might want to
read it for its comments on Golconda. Although the language
of the Apocrypha feels right, and although it uses the
appropriate terminology, there is nothing of any value what-
soever to be gleaned from the manuscript. (In fact, if the
characters decide to depend on what they have leamed from
it, you might rule they move further from Golconda.)

Instead, they may try to sell it, or use it as a bargaining
chip. Within a day or two, however, word will spread
through Kindred society that the Apocrypha is a worthless
forgery. It is Nicolai who is spreading the word, in an
attempt to minimize the upheaval that the Neonates could
possibly cause.

If the Neonates succeeded in vanquishing the hunters,
Nicolai will take notice. They have passed his test, and thus
have proven themselves to be worthy of further attention.
The nature and consequences of this attention are up to you
or can follow the pattern set up in "Grand Elusions," to
follow. Conversely, if the Neonates leave one or both of the
hunters alive, the ex-Jesuits can return later as ongoing
nemeses.

Depending on their actions, the Neonates might have
alienated any number of other Kindred. Such consequences
should continue to haunt them for some time to come.

119


Grand €Lusion

Written by Steve Crow, Illustrated by Dave Miller

"It's night,

They might not see us,

Cause if they catch us out there,

They'll bleed us,
Shoot us, kill us,

Dump us in a dark ditch."
Ice-T, "Escape from the Killing Field"

"Grand Elusion" serves as the second part of the Child's
Play story. Init, the characters finally meet the sinister force
which has been setting them up and discover it to be a
seemingly young boy. He sends them ona mission to put an
end to a constant thorn in the side of the Tremere, a thorn
which is none too easy to find.

This thorn is special, however. Characters may well
decide they would be better off joining with it than trying to
kill it. Of course, doing so will bring them into combat with
at least two groups of Kindred, their mortal retainers and a
mortal Magus.

How To Run Tuis
_ STORY

The story of "Grand Elusion" is roughly linear. The
players begin at point A, progress to point B, and so onto the
final Scene. To some degree itis a"guided" story. However,
if the players decide to do something else, let them. You will
simply have to improvise.

"Grand Elusion" revolves around the exploits of the
showman/magician/escape artist known as Harry Houdini.

During a single evening the players must follow his trail
through Chicago.

THE PLOT

Scene One: the players have a chance to get into charac-
ter. They meet at the Succubus Club and can feed, interact
with the mortals socially or just get in a few steps on the
dance floor. Two human agents of Nicolai, one of Chicago's
Primogen, will interrupt their activities. The kine request
their attendance for an important meeting.

Scene Two: the characters meet Nicolai. Ehrich's
elimination will give Nicolai prestige with his Clan Elders.
As the characters are relatively new to the Kindred scene,
Nicolai intends to get them under his control. He will offer
the players several rewards in return for their eliminating
Ehrich. Unfortunately, most of the compensation will involve
their eventually being Blood Bound to him.

It will be clear that Nicolai means to have their services.
The best the players can do is at least pretend to accept the
assignment. Nicolai will inform them that Ehrich frequents
The Cave, a working-class bar.

Child's Play: Grand Elusion 121

Scene Three: the characters check out the bar. Ehrich is
absent, but no one will be willing to tell them that. They will
have to deal with the owner Horace Turnbull, a Malkavian,
and his patrons, including cycle gangs and steelworkers.
With any luck they can find out where Ehrich went.

The trail leads them to Ye Olde Magic Shoppe. The
characters will have to deal with the owner, a friend of
Ehrich's. They also may have to cope with a reporter, hot on
the trail of an occult story.

Ehrich's trail leads back to the Succubus Club. The
characters finally come face-to-face with Ehrich. He is the
company of his friend, a slightly senile Magus named
Gibson. Before the characters can act one way or another, a
pupil of the Magi arrives with a score to settle. The
characters will find themselves in the midst of a mystical
battle. The pupil has discovered a magical means of binding
Blood Dolls to him, and has turned them into a psychotic
assassination squad.

Ehrich will try to flee with Gibson. However, enemy
forces have blocked off the club exits. Nicolai has assigned
one of his lackeys to track down Ehrich independently of the
characters. Ehrich's enemies among Chicago's Anarchs
have also caught up to him. With nowhere else to go, Ehrich
and Gibson flee into the basement labyrinth of the nightclub.

In the last scene, the characters will either have to flee
with Ehrich and Gibson (if they have joined forces with
Ehrich), or pursue them into the labyrinth with the others. In
either case, they will be caught in a crossfire between
Nicolai's lackey and Hinds' agents. Orloff and his Blood
Dolls are also willing to kill anyone who gets in their way.

With luck the characters can escape the forces opposing
them. If they teamed with Ehrich, they will have him and
Erichtho as future allies in the struggle to unite Chicago's
Kindred factions.

EnuRicu's STORY

As much of "Grand Elusion" revolves around Ehrich, the
Storyteller should be aware of his background. Although the
escape artist chooses to remain uninvolved in Kindred
affairs, his activities involve him with several factions.

The mysteries of the afterlife had always fascinated
Houdini. His interest became even stronger after his mother
died and he tried to contact her spirit. Despite his own
intense desire to bridge the void to the spirit world, Houdini
took a skeptical view of those who claimed they could
contact ghosts.

A common practice of "mediums" in the 1920s and 30s
was to use fake seances to bilk patrons of thousands of
dollars. Houdini went to many of these seances and proved
that the mediums used trickery to perform their "spiritual
experiments." He also corresponded with people who
shared his interest in the occult. One of the persons he

122

corresponded with wasa Tracy Graves. Unknown toHoudini,
Tracy was actually one of the Kindred, a Tremere calling
herself Erichtho.

The human world (and much of the Kindred) are unaware
thatan unidentified Tremere (not Graves) approached Hany
Houdini at the heightof the latter's career, in 1926. Houdini's
apparently mystic ability intrigued the Vampire. The
Tremere's offer of a true glimpse of life-after-death fasci-
nated Houdini. Bored with the ease of his success, the
magician gladly accepted the Vampire's offer, and the
Tremere Embraced him. During a European tour, Houdini
was brought before the Council in Vienna and Blood Bound.
They were not particularly happy with the situation, as
Houdini had been Embraced without their permission,
However, they resolved that Houdini would serve them,
They commanded him to continue his career as best he could
in his new state.

Refusing to be bound by anyone or anything, Houdini
threw himself into occult research. It is unclear exactly how,
but he managed to break the Blood Bond. Those few who
know him well have speculated that, since he was active in
New York City, he obtained help from the Sabbat. As with
all of his escapes, Houdini never revealed the secret. It
apparently cannot be repeated, as he has not been able to
break Erichtho's own Blood Bond to Nicolai (see below).

It took four years for Houdini to find a "cure." During
this time he limited his few performances to evenings, and
claimed he was devoting most of his time to "spiritual
research." He then faked his own death in 1930, He
informed no one, even his brother and wife, of his situation.
Hunted by the Tremere, he decided to wander the world,
investigating what he could of the afterlife that was now part
of his existence.

Unfortunately, Ehrich (Harry's real name, and the one he
used when necessary) found that the afterlife was not all it
was cracked up to be. Rules bound his existence as strict as
ifhe were a mortal. After death, only a relative few became
Vampires. Ghosts were thought to exist, but Ehrich was no
closer to contacting them as a Vampire then he had been as
a human.

Ehrich travelled the world, never staying long in one
place. Using different aliases, he continued to correspond
with those who shared his occult interests. While in Chi-
cago, he discovered that Tracy Graves, or Erichtho, was both
a Vampire and a Tremere. Unlike him, however, she had
been Blood Bound to Nicolai, not the Clan Elders.

Erichtho informed him of the power struggles in Chicago,
butEhrich believed he was above such matters. Still, he kept
returning to Chicago. The city was as much his home and
Haven asanywhere in the world. Atleast, it wasahome until
Maldavis tried to become Prince.

At Erichtho's bequest, Ehrich involved himself for the
first time. He acted as Erichtho's contact with the Anarchs,
never revealing that Erichtho was their unseen patron. How-
ever, when push came to shove, he chose to remain above it

Succubus Club

all. This earned him the enmity of the Ventrue Tommy
Hinds and his Anarchs, who saw him asa traitor to their kind.

Disillusioned, Ehrich took to travelling once more. Un-
fortunately, his activities during the Maldavis uprising had
brought him to the attention of the Tremere clan. The city's
primary Tremere, Nicolai, realized Houdini was active in the
Chicago area. The boy Kindred knew that if he dealt with the
renegade, he could gain much power in the Clan. He
informed his Elders, who told him to take whatever steps
were necessary to eliminate the renegade.

Nicolai, always desperate to prove his worth to his
Elders, laid traps at several occult shops he believed Ehrich
frequents. However, he has never been able to capture the
tenegade. Nicolainow views Ehrich's existence asapersonal
challenge.

Ehrich visits Chicago approximately twice a year. He
still corresponds and occasionally meets with Erichtho.
Nicolai is suspicious of her, but she carries a small amulet
forged for her by a Magus friend of Ehrich's. The amulet
blocks hermemories of Ehrich when Nicolai asks about him.

In his years of travelling Ehrich has met a number of
Magi. Most of them are aware of his nature, but respect him
for staying out of the petty bickering of the Kindred. They
also find his collected knowledge of the occult impressive.
While Ehrich is loath to involve them in his own situation,
he will occasionally come to their aid.

Ehrich is essentially happy with his life as a Vampire. He
has used hisincreased lifespan to further his research into the
occult. A Visionary at heart, he believes that if the various
factions of Kindred, Magus, and Lycanthrope put aside their
differences, they can explore all the possibilities of the
afterlife.

As "Grand Elusion" begins, Ehrich has retumed to Chi-
cago. If Lodin died in Ashes to Ashes, he has just received
word of the prince's death. He believes that, with the Prince
dead, the Anarchs might finally triumph this time. And
perhaps somewhere in the struggle he might find the chance
to eliminate Nicolai and free Erichtho once and for all ...

If Prince Lodin did not die in Ashes to Ashes, or you have
norun that story, then Ehrich has come to the Windy City on
one of his semi-annual visits. On these visits he stops at old
haunts, meets with old friends and talks to Erichtho about
what progress he has made in breaking her bond.

THEME

The theme is a fairly basic one — that of good vs. evil, and
how evil can be appealing. The easiest option is for the
characters to shrug their shoulders, accept Nicolai's deal,
and hunt Ehrich down. This may seem easier, but in the long
tun they will pay for having taken the simple route. Any-
thing they gain will become ashes in their hands.

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

Moop

"Grand Elusion" is a "pursuit" plot. The characters are
after someone for the first few scenes, then someone is after
them! The mood should be less investigation than chase.
The characters have a limited time and will have to move
through several different locales while pursuing Ehrich, The
chase focuses more on the odd characters and locales they
travel to then painstaking detective work to track down their
quarry.

Ideally, the characters should take a good, hard look at
the situation, finding out everything they can about Ehrich,
If they go ahead and try to kill him anyway, hack-n-slash
style, they may exist to regret it. Although teaming up with
Ehrich is, in the short term, dangerous, in the long run they
will come out ahead. They will have made an enemy among
the Elders of Chicago, but gained several invaluable allies.

SCENE ONE:
A NIGHT ON THE TOWN

The adventure, and this episode, begin with the charac-
ters at the Succubus Club. It is about 9 p.m. ona busy night
(Friday or Saturday). Patrons have packed the Club, and the
characters have decided to check out the night life.

When you are ready to involve the characters in the
adventure proper, read the following:

After an hour of music blaring away, the band finally
comes to the end of the set. They finish on a loud flourish,
take a bow, and come off the stage to take a break.

(irect specifically at one character) Suddenly, out of the
crowd, two figures step towards you. They look you over,
then the tall one moves directly to you and says, "You. Come
with us. You' re to bring your friends. Allofthem." He pauses
forabout three seconds, then snaps, "Now, if youdon' tmind!"
The weaselly one sneers and adds, "Yeah, right now!"

The two men are Dave and Doug. Nicolai has sent them
to pick up the characters and deliver them to him. A
Perception + Alertness Check (vs. a Difficulty of 6) will spot
the pistols they are wearing in shoulder holsters.

The two thugs are not particularly subtle, but their orders
are to avoid violence in the Club at all costs. If asked for
more information, the tall one (Dave) will shrug and say, "J
wouldn't argue if I were you. The kid wants to see you, my
orders are to take you to him. He said you'd realize it was
@ matter of extreme importance. Got a problem, take it up
with him."

123

If anyone asks where they're going, he'll reply, "Just a
few blocks over. We're walking, not driving. If you've got
cars, leave'em. A little exercise won't hurt you."

This should probably pique the characters' curiosity. If
necessary, Dave and Doug will get on either side of the
character and, under the concealment of their jackets, thrust
their guns into his/her ribs. Dave will add, "You want to do
this the hard way, we' Il do it the hard way. Our orders were
to make sure you get there unharmed. If youwant it different,
we'll play it that way."

In the interests of maintaining the Masquerade, the
characters should move outside and a few hundred feetaway
before dispatching these poor fools. The best bet is for the
characters to play along. The two thugs are not much of a
threat, and obviously their boss has something important in
mind.

If the characters choose to start a brawl inside the Club,
resolve it normally. There will be several Kindred in the
night club as well. None of them will be happy with having
one of their favorite feedings spots disrupted. If the characters
win, have the club management kick them out. Atleast one
Kindred will drop a hintas they leave about "Childer cretins
violating the Masquerade." Nicolai will meet them down the
street.

The characters can choose to attack Dave and Doug
outside the Succubus Club. They will probably win. How-

Disciplines

Vietuen
‘00000 ‘S000 Conmeenee. 0000

Self Centred

cooee — Coummgr.

eeeeeo0000

te Willpower—et-
eeceee0000
Ooooo000000

stoTlood Poole
0000000000

‘uiboes 750 Abie 1490 Dip: 3 chun $ Views 7 Fei Pee 18 7727

124

ever, interrogation will only reveal that their orders were to
take the characters to a playground several blocks west,
They will be more than glad to provide directions. If the

Dominated about their employer, they will tell what they
can, which is not much. They know Nicolai as "Nicky
Anton."

Characters

Dave and Doug — have basically identical statistics
and abilities.

Equipment: Heavy Pistol, Switchblade, $150 ea.

Image: Doug is medium-height, kind of weaselly look-
ing, with greasy black hair and a long stringy mustache. He
either wears leather jacket and jeans, or tie-dyed hippy-type
shirts and pants when "off-duty." Dave is tall, skinny, with
wavy brown hair, brown almost black eyes, and a large
Roman nose. He wears either leather jacket and jeans, or
solid black "Miami Vice" style clothing.

Both thugs work for Nicolai. They believe that he is some
Tich eccentric's son, and that the boy's father is paying them
to fulfill the boy's every wish. In fact, their orders come
straight from Nicolai, a fact which they are unaware of. They
are cheap hired help, but paid for their loyalty. They know
almost nothing of any interest.

Dave is arrogant beyond belief. He sneers constantly
down his nose at anyone and anything he believes is weaker
than he is. Doug is as weaselly as he looks, sneering
constantly and making overblown threats at the drop of his
hat. If they survive this adventure, you can use them as
comic relief in future Chapters.

SCENE Two:
AN OFFER YOU
SHOULDN'T REFUSE

This Scene takes place in a deserted playground just east
of Cabrini Green. The park is a barren place where mothers
are reluctant to send their children any time of the day, much
less after sunset. The winds whistles through the monkey
bars and moves the swings, making them appear as if
invisible children are still playing on them.

This is where Nicolai makes his offer, involving the
characters in the Ehrich situation. If the characters do not
come to the playground (see previous Scene), Nicolai tracks
them down after they leave The Succubus Club. At that time

Succubus Club

give the characters the pertinent dialogue from the follow-
ing:

You step over the gate that leads into the playground. The
area is deserted. Swings sway in the wind, while the moon
glints dully off a slide. You suddenly blink as you realize a
boy is sitting on one of the previously empty swings. Fora
moment you think the child might be a ghost, but realize he
is wearing a rather inappropriate blue business suit. There is
asense of power about him that you have rarely, if ever, felt.
This is obvious a Power among the Kindred.

IfDave and/or Doug are still here, add: Somehow, the two
dimwits with you appear unaware of the power before you.
Thetall one, looking subservient, says, "Here theyare, Nicky.
We'll be right outside. Call us if you need us." He and his
partner back out through the gate. If anyone in the group is
of Tremere 'clan, inform her secretly if possible: You realize
that this can only be the Chicago leader of your clan, the one
known as Nicolai. Despite his appearance of youth, he is a
Thaumaturgist of vast power, and an Elder with centuries of
experience,

Then continue for the rest of the group: The boy brings
the swing to a halt. He looks your group over rather
disdainfully, then says, "You will have to do. You are here
by command, and it is wise you chose to come. Perhaps we
may all benefit from this. You are relative newcomers to the
Kindred of this city. As such, you can be of use to me. Iam
Nicolai. I lead the clan known as Tremere in this metropolis.
Also, I am one of the true rulers of Chicago. Look upon me,
for it is not often you will see my ilk."

These words sound rather disingenuous coming from the
mouth ofa 9-year-old boy. However, you do not doubt them
for a minute. Nicolai straightens up a bit on the swing, tugs
athis suitand thencontinues. "To business. Believe it or not,
there is a traitor to the Camarilla in Chicago. Once a
member of my very own clan, he has fallen under the
influence of the Sabbat and is now a danger to us all. He is
aware of many of the Kindred in Chicago, and they are
incapable of stopping him. But you are unknown to him."

"Itis my hope that you can take him unawares. Surprise
him and kill him. If you do this for me, you will have my
personal gratitude. More importantly, you will have the
gratitude of one of the Primogen of this city, and the thanks
of the leader of Clan Tremere."

Nicolai will let it go at that for the time being. If the
characters choose to accept his offer, he will continue with
directions (see below). He will not tell them who the target
is until they have agreed. If the characters press for infor-
mation as to the identity or the crimes of this traitor, the
Tremere Elder will speak in vague generalities about the
Sabbat and their evil nature.

If Nicolai's gratitude does not impress the characters,
they may haggle for more of a reward. At first, Nicolai will

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

be reluctant to offer anything substantial. He will rather
vaguely add, "For those of you who seek training in the arts
of magic, I can arrange something. We are always looking
for those of other clans that are willing to learn our ways."
Ofcourse, such training usually involves the consumption of
Nicolai's blood on three separate occasions. The Tremere
clan leader will neglect to mention that.

If pushed, Nicolai will make his final offer: "You speak
as if youhave a choice. Very well, then. Within the treasures
of our clan are several vials of Elder blood. I believe I could
be convinced to yield a dose worth...five swallows. Of
course, this will be after your successful completion of my
request." Nicolai will neglect to mention that the Vite is his
own, and will bring the characters closer to being Blood
Bound to him.

Ifthe characters simply refuse to accept anything, Nicolai
will shrug and say, "A gain, you speak as if you have achoice.
Consider this, then. If youchoose not to accept my gratitude,
or the other items of which I have spoken, do you wish my
hostility instead?" As a Storyteller, you might want to
suggest to the characters that having one of the Primogen
angry at them is a very bad idea.

When the characters and Nicolai come to a suitable
arrangement, the latter will say:

"Your target is a Kindred known as Ehrich. He is only in
Chicago for a brief period, so you will have to kill him

125

tonight. I know that he commonly visits a bar in The Rack,
aplace known as "The Cave'. You should seek him there. If
youarrive early, an ambush might be inorder. Astohow you

Nicolai will produce an old, bent photo from his breast
pocket and toss it to the nearest character. It is in fact an old
Publicity photo from Ehrich/Houdini's last tour before his
Embrace. Nicolai has cropped the photo so only the head and

Then Nicolai will settle back in the swing and add, "To
those of the Tremere, know that youwill have done usa great
service. You will have the gratitude of the Clan Elders as
well." He will say this even if there are not any Tremere
Kindred in the party. If any character asks him who he is
talking to, he will only smile sinisterly.

It is possible the characters may have met Ehrich in
AshestoAshes. Although itis unlikely they became friendly
with him, they may object to the assignment. If they do so,
Nicolai will shrug and say, "We are not kine, to have kine
friendships. But youmay choose whose friendship you value
more: his or mine."

Nicolai will then pause briefly. He will use his Telepathy
ability to send the following messages:

Toany Tremere in the group: "I speak truly when! speak
of the gratitude of the Clan Elders. However beware. This
Ehrich has been trained in our clan's secrets, and has

powers of his own as well. Use these other fools to the best
advantage, but do not endanger yourself unnecessarily."

To any one other character (preferably a Caitiff if one is
available, otherwise a Ventrue or Toreador): "Returnalone,
and you may have power beyond your dreams. We will make
you one of our own, and teach you all the secrets of the magic
of the Vite, and more."

We suggest you distribute these messages as notes. You
might also pass out blank notes to the other characters. Let
them look the notes over, then take them back without the
players showing them to each other.

If the characters feel like practicing some diablerie, they
can try to take out Nicolai. If they ask you what their
characters think the chances of their success are, you will
want to dissuade them gently. Point out their relative
neophyte status and Nicolai's centuries of experience. A
Tremere character will normally not be able to attack Nicolai
regardless of the player's wishes. The only exception to this
is if circumstances in your campaign have led to that char-
acter not being Blood Bound to the Tremere Elders

If the characters choose to attack Nicolai anyway, he will
simply laugh and use his Obfuscate to fade away. If some-
how the characters can circumvent this, Nicolai has a full
Bloodpool (30 points!). He will do what he can to knock
them unconscious without killing them. He might end one

126

character's life as an example to the others. He will then
inform them, "Now you realize the cost of refusing my
offer," reiterate his instructions and leave.

Ifa fight begins, Dave and Doug, if they are still alive, will
stay out of it. Nicolai has given them strict orders to stay out
of the playground.

If the characters try to attack Nicolai, start and end the
battle quickly. Tell them, "Within seconds, the Elder
overwhelms your entire group." If you wish to play out the
battle, Nicolai's statistics are in Chicago by Night.

SCENE THREE:
PAWNS TO QUEEN Four

This episode takes place in The Cave, a working-class bar
in The Rack, Chicago's night club district. For more details
on this bar, see Ashes to Ashes or Chicago by Night.

The Cave is owned by Horace Turnbull, a Malkavian who
sides with the Anarchs, who often use the bar as a meeting
place. Among the kine, the club is popular with macho male
types. Motorcycle gangs often frequent the bar, but blue
collar workers come in after a hard day's work.

The interior of the club does resemble a cave. It is in the
basement of an old building and can only be reached by a
walk-down stairway leading into a corridor decorated with
antique door knockers. The main room of the bar (which is
as far as the characters will get in this adventure) is roughly
circular, brick-lined, and rather damp. There are a few
booths, but seating is mostly at tables, The place is quiet as
the patrons resent any noisy interruptions.

If the characters were in the story Ashes to Ashes, then
they will have been to The Cave on at least one previous
occasion. Their knowledge of the bar will depend on what
happened in that adventure. Depending on what they did in
Ashes to Ashes, the characters may be welcome, or persona
non grata. However, this adventure assumes that they have
never been here before.

As the Scene begins, it is about 10:00 p.m. Read the
following:

The Cave is easy enough to find. You have heard of the
place, and know that Anarchs frequent the bar. You find the
walkdown entrance, which hasnine choppers parked in front
of it. They are state-of-the-art street machines, all in black.
(Ifthe characters search the bikes they find nothing of value.)

You walk down the street-level stairway to a basement
corridor. You pass through a corridor lined with door
knockers in the shape of mermaids and lion heads. Coming
to a swinging door, you enter the main room of The Cave.

Succubus Club


There are at least a dozen men seated in the room. Eight
of them are wearing the road colors of the Outlaws, a biker
gang you have heard about. The others look to be working
class-types. None look like the photograph of Ehrich that
Nicolai gave you.

The cycle gang looks up as you come in, giving your
group the once over. Then they go back to watching the
match. There are two other men hunched over a chessboard
atone end of the bar. One is a hulking figure, at least 6 ft 5
and 250 Ibs., and wearing Outlaw colors. The other is a tall
man with a narrow, pinched face. He is wearing casual
clothing: a sport shirt and jeans.

As you enter, the thin man moves a piece on the chess-
board. The biker growls ominously, but then shrugs, reaches
forward, and topples his king. "You win again, Horace," he
growls. More reluctantly, he adds, "Good game." He gets
up, tums around, glares briefly at you, and snaps, "So what
do you want, road kills?"

This Scene is primarily dialogue-oriented. Ehrich is not
here. The characters will have to get Horace or Big Jim (the
head biker) to tell them when he was here, and where he was
going.

In general, the men in The Cave will treat physically
imposing characters with what passes for respect, physically
unprepossessing types with contempt, and women with
overblown courtesy. Very few females come into The Cave,
and these gentlemen wants to make sure they stay.

The characters should probably respond to "Big Jim"
Slade. Although he likes Horace, he is in a bad mood after
losing the chess game. They should try to get on his good
side. This will require a Manipulation + Etiquette roll
against a Difficulty of 6. Depending on the specialty that the
character(s) have chosen , modify the number of dice rolled.
Someone with "Aristocratic" or "Foreign" will probably
lose a die or two. "Lowlife," "Slang," or even "Motorcycle
Gangs" could gain two or three extra dice.

If the character dealing with Big Jim has Skill/Repair, let
them make a Perception + Repair roll (vs. Difficulty 6) if
they choose to "talk shop"" about the bikes mentioned
above. Each success after the first one will give them an
extra die on the Etiquette roll above.

If the characters end up with two or more successes, Big
Jim (and the other Outlaws) will be civil regardless of the
characters' appearance. If the characters get one or no
successes, Big Jim and the boys will have nothing to do with
the group. The characters will have to deal with Horace. If
a botch happens, a fight breaks out (see below).

If two or more successes occurred, read the following:
Big Jim looks you over once more, then frowns furiously and
thrusts both fists towards you. Then he grins and says,
"You're all right. Care for a game?" He opens his fists to
reveal two pawns, one white and one black.

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

Big Jim will be glad to talk shop, but will not answer any
questions about Ehrich until they play a game against him.
If pressed, he will simply shrug and say, "The man's an
associate. Him,I know. You,1 don't. And there's nothing
like a game of chess to learn about a guy."

Playing a game of chess involves the use of Intelligence
plus anew Knowledge: Chess. Itis an Extended & Resisted
action. Both sides accumulate points versus a Difficulty of
the other's Intelligence plus three. A botch negates one
accumulated success. The first person who gets to 12 wins
the game. Players alternate die rolls. If both players reach
12 (or higher) at the end of a tum (after both players have
rolled), the game ends in a stalemate.

The character who plays against Big Jim will have to get
at least six successes to impress him. If she does less than
that, Big Jim will shrug and offer another character achance.
Ifthe second character does not getat least six, he will ignore
the entire group for the rest of the night.

The loser buys drinks on the house, a custom Big Jim will
inform his opponent of. If Big Jim actually loses (unlikely,
as he has the Chess skill and the characters probably do not),
there will be a boisterous round of backslapping and cheer-
ing. Big Jim will gladly stand everyone for a drink. Unfor-
tunately, this means he will be watching his new-found
buddy closely. That character only will have to spend a

127

Willpower point to keep his beer down. During the drinking,
Big Jim will tell what he knows about Ehrich.

Big Jim will have absolutely no desire to go anywhere
private with one or more characters so that they can Domi-
nate him. If the characters attempt to Dominate Big Jim in
public, Horace will make every effort to prevent this blatant
disregard for the Masquerade by distracting Big Jim and
keeping the characters from making direct eye contact.

If the characters end up dealing with Horace, they will
have to play him. Rules are the same as above, but they will
need to get at least eight successes to impress Horace. If they
win, they will not have to worry about spending a Willpower
point to spend a beer. They may choose to do so if they are
trying to keep their true natures a secret from Horace.

If the characters have met Horace before, either from
Ashes to Ashes or any story you used involving The Cave,
role-play-the situation out accordingly. Ehrich is an old
friend of Horace's, so the barkeep will be unwilling to pass
out information on him even if he knows the characters well.

Modify the situation further if Horace is aware that at least
one character is Tremere. He knows enough about Ehrich
that he realizes that the Tremere hunt his friend, although he
does not know why.

Inshort, you will have to improvise the situation based on
what has occurred in your own campaign. If the characters
are on good terms with Horace, they probably will not have
much difficulty finding out where Ehrich went. If they are
not, Horace will prove a veritable clam, and they will have
to deal with Big Jim.

Ifacharacter or characters have impressed Horace or Big
Jim, they will say the following:

"Yeah, Ehrich was in here earlier thisevening. Sprang for
a few drinks, did a few tricks, shot the wind for a while."
Then he took off. Said he had to meet an old friend of his
down in the Loop (Horace will call it "The Hive") around
11:30."

Big Jim will add:
"Then he did that ‘Regurgitating Razors' trick. Damn,

the guyis good. I never have figured out how he gets all those
razors on that barbed wire! How about another drink?"

Horace will add:

"If you've really got to find him tonight, try Ye Olde
Magic Shoppe, on the 300 block of South Michigan."

If the characters get the information from Big Jim, they
will not know the location of the magic shop. Have them
make a Wits + Investigati i (the latter a
new skill from Chicago by Night), whichever is the higher
of the three, to realize Ehrich is interested in magic. They
will also know that Ye Olde Magic Shoppe is in The Hive.

128

If they get three or more successes, inform the character that
they have heard stories of strange occultactivities in thearea,
The owner, one Walter Dent, may be affiliated with the
mysterious "Magi."

If the characters lose the chess game without gettingeven
six successes, or refuse to play, they can choose to duke itout
if they so want. If they really want to impress Big Jim, one
of them can challenge him toa fight mano a mano. This will
keep the rest of the Outlaws out of it. Big Jim has no interest
in killing the character, or having them kill him, so he will
fight hand-to-hand.

Atan opportune moment, if Horace is aware the character
is Kindred, he will whisper to the challenging character,
"Let's remember the Masquerade." If he is unaware of the
characters' nature, he will interrupt the battle momentarily at
the first signs of Kindred ability and tell the character the
same thing.

This means that the use of any Discipline is out. This
includes using Strength or Dexterity of 4 or higher. If, inthe
Storyteller's opinion, the character looks particularly strong
or fast, he might allow the use of an attribute with a value of
four. If the character uses Kindred ability anyway, the rest of
the Outlaws will notice something strange is going on and
leap into the battle.

Big Jim
Attributes:
Social
weeeo Clam 00000 Roce
soso Seoco th
Abilities:
Skills
20000 fatal Kex__00000
feeo00 Dien Seoss
Seo00 Seese feats
seeeo seoco
esos Noe seoee. iam
Mee sooce
ecco Rep 00 Meta
e000 | Secu cooce | Om
ooooe Saath 3 Rat
‘Subterfge_____ooo00 Survtal___o0000 Sciewe_____00000
Fee Advantage:
Backgrounds
‘20000 e000 Coreen" 90000
Sooce Stoos
coves Scooo
20000 00000 — Couage.
t—Hamanly

Willpower
eecccccccn
ee] OOOOODOoOO

"te=Blood Poolmmt+
0000000000

Acseene 130 Abies 1496 Dicom: } Bachpmnde View 7 Festi Poe 15 1820

Succubus Club


The characters could always attack all the cyclists. This
will make them persona non grata at The Cave in the future.

The cyclists will attack the characters if the characters
botch the initial Etiquette roll, or if they pull a knife or gun
on Big Jim during a personal duel. If an all-out melee breaks
out, run the battle like a typical barroom brawl. No map of
The Cave appears here. If you feel it necessary, map out a
roughly circular room with booths, tables, and a bar on one
side.

Characters

James "Big Jim" Slade —leader of the local Out-
laws chapter, likes the open road and has no desire to be
anything other than what he is. His expertise has made him
aleader among men. The Outlaws are a national motorcycle
gang with a great deal of strength in the Midwest.

When in Chicago, Big Jim stops off at The Cave. He and
Horace are old friends. The Cave is also the only place where
he can indulge in his one vice: a good game of chess. His
followers tolerate this eccentricity: mostly because he beats
them to a pulp if they make fun of it.

Age: 36

Description: Big Jim stands 6'2", weighs 240 Ibs., and
has a slight paunch. He always wears Outlaw leathers.

{= VAMPIRE:

Outlaw
Mdriboret ot
Social Menial

‘Stomin, see00

+ Abilities:

‘Talents Slats
Act 20000 fatnal Ken
ern so000

Dre.
Bike

Taw
Dae Noe
Eimpaihy Man
Inds Repaie
Ven Secs
Siete Stel
Reber 0000S
+ A Lasse: +
Disciplines Backgrounds
‘ooo Raseasees e000 Bees
‘0000 ‘0000 SelfContrel_seeo0
0000 coooo | Couage se000
$ a
+ = 3s
AomOther Tralts-me  Ao—Llumaniiy—ee Health ne
0000 oo ee
sooo, #8 ee ee eO tet 8
oon iyret 20
poet Womded 3.0
Medel 4S
— Gigi 50
= Incyrasiated
foe Experience

sd Dlood Poole
0000000000

‘uses 150 Ai: 1396 Doig: 3 acre 5 Views 7 Fete Pee: 150827)

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

Looks a little like Meat Loaf in Rocky Horror, only hand-
somer.
Nature: Loner

Equipment: Motorcycle, switchblade in pocket, Light
Pistol, $800 dollars, toolkit (on bike), pocket chess set

Typical Outlaw — Loyal followers of Big Jim, the
typical Outlaw likes nothing better than to roar into town,
shoot the place up, and leave. They donot make a fuss at The
Cave because their boss likes itand they can unwind on those
Tare occasions when they want some quiet.

Description: Typical biker gang. Wears black leather
and chains.

Equipment: Sawed-off pool cues (treat as club), knives,
light pistols

ScENE Four:
LITTLE SHop oF MAGIc

Ye Olde Magic Shoppe is located in The Loop, or The
Hive as the Kindred call it. It is in the 300 block of South
Michigan, across the river from The Cave. It is a battered old
storefront building, with antique woodwork decorating the
outside. Looking upon it, the characters might think it was
a shop out of the late 1800s, or an "antique" building such as
one sees on the Main Streets of amusement parks like Disney
World.

Oddly, for this time of night (it is now about 11:30 p.m.)
the shop is open. There are dim lights on inside, and the
characters can see someone moving around.

In this Scene, the characters miss Ehrich again. They do
get the information they need to track him back to the
Succubus Club. The reason Ehrich left early is because a
reporter, Lowell Carlson, is checking out the shop. The
characters may have to deal with Carlson as well.

As the characters enter the shop, read the following:

The inside of Ye Olde Magic Shoppe is a dust-filled relic
of a bygone age. All kinds of magical props sit on shelves,
their colorful paint just penetrating the hue of time. The
interior is a maze of head-high shelves and bins, filled with
close-up tricks and old books of magic. There is a counter
towards the back, with an antique cash register on it. There
is a curtained doorway behind it.

As you enter, a man looks up from where he has appar-
ently been browsing through a book bin. He is wearing a
rumpled white suit, blue shirt, and, oddly enough, a battered
pair of tennis shoes. He has a straw fedora perched on his

129

130

head, and a camera and a tape recorder slung around his
neck,

The man begins to give you the once over. Before either
you or he can do anything, there is a muffled "Whump!"
from behind the curtain. A thick billow of smoke pours out,
then you hear coughing and wheezing. A withered old man
staggers out, thumping his chest. He looks up, sees you and
smiles sheepishly.

"Sorry for the noise and smoke, folks," he wheezes, "At
my age youtend to forget things. I ll have toremember touse
a little less flash powder. But I'm the proprietor, Walter
Dent, Esquire. What can I do for you folks?"

The guy in the white suit mumbles something and goes
back to pawing through the book bin. The old man, Dent,
looks at you inquiringly. The best bet for the characters is to
ask about Ehrich and be on their way. The first problem is
that the man in the white suit is Lowell Carlson, a reporter for
alocal wire service. Investigating rumors of the occult, and
on the advice of his friend and fellow reporter, Scottie
Cartwright (see Ashes to Ashes), Carlson has come here.

While trying to look inconspicuous, Carlson will attempt
to hear the conversation between the characters and Dent.
Their best bet is to move into the back room. Dent will be
initially reluctant to do so. He will eventually look atCarlson
(the reporter's been in the shop for three hours now, "brows-
ing for books") and agree.

As the characters pass through the curtain, read the
following:

You pass through the curtain and find yourself in a small
hallway with two doors. A low haze of smoke still fills the
corridor. The old man, Dent, takes out a key, unlocks the
door on the left, and ushers you in.

You are in a large back room. It is empty except for two
items: a circle inscribed on the floor, and a brazier in the
middle of it.

"So, in any case, gentlemen (andlor) ladies. To busi-
ness," the old man, Dent, says. "Let's be honest with each
other. I'm no novice, and I know you for what you are.
You're creatures of the night, and I'm an expert in magic.
Doesn't matter what's the nature of my clientele. Maybe
you've heard of me and want some research done, maybe
you're curious gawkers. What's the story?"

At this point, Carlson has sneaked up to the curtained
doorway and is trying to tape the entire conversation. The
characters hear a squealing noise (Carlson hit "Rewind" on
his machine by mistake). The reporter will duck back.
However, any characters looking out within about ten sec-
onds will see him fumbling with his tape recorder, trying to
shut it off.

Let the characters do what they want for a few minutes.
Carlson will make up some ludicrous explanation for who he
actually is (a private detective investigating the occult, or a
rich millionaire looking for a rare illusion). Unfortunately
for him, even a casual search will discover his business card,

Succubus Club


which identifies him as a wire service reporter. He will
scurry out the moment he gets a chance. Dent will be
keeping an eye on the proceedings and disapprove of any
violence (especially murder).

We suggest that the Storyteller keep Carlson alive and use
him as a continuing character (see below). The characters
should have more important matters at the moment then
tracking him down and killing him.

After Carlson is out of the shop, Dent will say, "So much
for interruptions. Again, what do you want?"

Dent honestly does not care that the characters are Vam-
pires, He deals with some of the most powerful in the city
and this group doesn't impress him. The characters have
several options here. They can try:

1) Lying (Manipulation + Subterfuge, Difficulty 7),

2) Convincing Dent they are friends of Ehrich's and his
existence is in jeopardy (Manipulation + Etiquette, 6 if
they're being honest, 7 if they're hostile towards Ehrich),

3) Impressing Dent with their knowledge of the Occult
(Intelligence + Occult, Difficulty 7, 6 if the character is
Tremere),

4) Claiming they're representing a powerful faction of
the Kindred who need to find Ehrich (Manipulation +
Chicago Knowledge), or

5) Using a Discipline. Add +1 to the difficulty of any
attempt because of Dent's own Occult abilities.

There are, of course, many other options the characters
could try. In that case you will have to determine what skill
combination and difficulty is necessary to resolve their
attempt. The characters will only get one try, and need two
or more successes to get Dent to tell all.

If they fail, Dent will shrug, say it is none of his business,
and tell them to leave. The characters can try Intimidation
or some other violent skill to get results. However, this will
deprive them of Dent's help in any future adventure, Ehrich
also will be displeased when word gets back to him of their
actions,

More likely, they will succeed. In that case, read the
following:

Dent nods, then says, "Yeah, Ehrich was here. That
reporter fella was lurking outside, and Ehrich was con-
cerned he might recognize him. He said he was going to meet
with a friend over at that night club, that place called ... the
... umm ...the Succubus Club. Took out of here about a half
hour ago, maybe less. You see him, give him my regards.
Tell him he'll have to stay longer next time he's in town.
However, it's almost midnight. The shop' s closing, so you'd
better be on your way."

The old man really does not have anything more to say at
that point. If the characters ask him why Ehrich was here,
Dent will shrug and say, "Personal business. Can' t two old
friends get together and talk?"

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

‘VAMPIRE:

Maxwell Dent
+: Attribut t

Physical Social Mental
seengh HT soc Ceatem Neeson Rapin 90000
Daw: Seoae ae Soece,
Sonen_———seooe sooce Mi seece
+: Abilities:

"Taleats Skills Knowledge
tig oboe' Sika ton "cos beens. = OES
ites ooeee eeces fem oooee
Dene conse Sooce oces

—socee Nels pooee moose

Ragtiz———seooe Mant an ‘sooo

ooooe | Rema fooce | Metin sore

coos Samet coves On eeeee
‘Suiterfge___ooovo  Survral. 10 Sclence___99000

Advantags
Disciplines Dackgromdo Virtues

‘0000 ‘Sev0o Condon

Soces Steve

Soo00 esos, sient a Easone
——— coove Soo00 Courage sesso
tee +
Other Tralis fe Lumanity— to Health

eee00 o Tevised

S89 wee eoeees inet 9

200s an lai 2 8

+ tee Wilipowermet Wand 8

Lea Mail, 40

to—Combal—t- SS CPSC COEO Crippled &
lexjoee] COOOOOODOO Ineopuciiated O

sto Dlood Poolmeet
0000000000

‘Ana YD Attn WS Dini} Bagram $ View 7 Fee Ras 15 (78M)

Dent will begin cleaning and closing up. During their
conversation, Carlson has already slipped out, and has
nothing to add in any case. The best option for the characters
is to head for the Succubus Club.

While there is no fight in this Scene, there are plenty of
chance for physical displays of prowess, primarily when
intimidating Carlson or Dent. Neither will put up a fight.

Characters

Maxwell Dent — Dent has lived in Chicago all of his
life. Early in his life he had an interest in the Occult that
brought him into contact with Ehrich/Harry before the
latter's Embrace and faked death. Ehrich has kept in contact
with him ever since. In fact, Dent is one of the few mortals
that is aware that Ehrich is Harry Houdini.

Although Dent is not a true Magus, he acts as a kind of
information clearinghouse for various factions. His greatest
advantage is his knowledge of the Occult. Both Magi and
Kindred come to him when they need information and their
Own resources are not adequate.

Age: (90+)

Description: Dent looks like a shopkeeper from another
era. He wears thread-bare pants, a long-sleeved white shirt,
anapron, and a shopkeeper's visor. He is thin and shrunken,

131

‘VAMPIRE:

Lowell Carlson
"Attribnt:

cS Sere peveo
me S83 Come, pevse

+
— tee
tact

"Foe Other Tealtamoet
i #2000

Willpower aot
eeceseec00
oooocoo000

Cipled 5 0
Ineppecitated 0

stow Experienceset-

"t==Dlood Poolmnet-
0000000000
‘Aurboee 180 Abies IW Dicignce} Backpnde 3 Vines 7 Pie Peer 1 RM)

and looks ready to topple over from exertion at any moment.
Appears inconspicuous, but can radiate power when neces-
sary.

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Nature: Architect

Notes: During his studies of the occult, Dent has learned
a large number of rituals (essentially whatever you as Story-
teller want him to know) which allow him wide latitude in
dealing with odd situations. However, these usually require
a substantial amount of paraphernalia to perform, so they
cannot be done at the drop of a hat.

Equipment: Owns Ye Olde Magic Shoppe. Has several
mystic relics tucked away, but it would be difficult to find
them on short notice.

Lowell Carlson — Carlson has been a reporter since
serving in Vietnam, where he covered news for the U.S.
Army. After the war he took a job with a variety of
newspapers and wire services. He has had to move around
a great deal because he has an amazing habit of stumbling
onto stories that somebody else wanted covered up. Although
much of what he stumbles on is the truth, they are all so wild
thatnoone believes him. Those with an interest in concealing
the truth eventually put pressure on his superiors and gethim
fired.

Carlson has been a resident of Chicago for at least eight
years now, working for the same dingy wire service. His

132

investigations have led to several supernatural occurrences
(including a neophyte succubus and an Amerindian magus),
but he manages to triumph through sheer luck and tenacity,
Unfortunately, his evidence is always destroyed and he is
left with nothing he can use as a story.

Carlson has, until now, remained unaware of the vampiric
activity in Chicago, but he and his drinking buddy, Scottie
Cartwright, have been comparing notes and starting tocome
to some conclusions. Carlson could very easily become
involved in future stories.

Age: 45

Description: Carlson looks like a 30s style reporter. He
wears nothing butrumpled white suits, blue shirts, and tennis
shoes ("Because I do a lot of running," he claims). He has
athinning thatch of red hair, and a nose reddened by four too
many drinks after work. He always carries a small tape
recorder and camera.

Demeanor: Curmudgeon

Nature: Cavalier

Equipment: Camera, tape recorder, old 1972 yellow
Dodge convertible

SCENE FIvE:
WE' VE Got
Masic To Do

This Scene takes place at the Succubus Club, near the
dance floor. The characters arrive at the Club around
midnight. Here they finally meet Ehrich, and will have to
decide if they will carry out their assignment or join forces
with him. They will also have to deal with a demented
Magus.

As the characters arrive at the Succubus Club, read the
following:

The Club is, if anything, more raucous than it was a few
hours ago. The band is playing full blast and the dancers
pack the floor. A quick check of Nicolai's photoand aglance
around the room, and you can pick out the individual known
asEhrich. Heis sitting at a table just off the main dance floor.
Sitting with him is an elderly old man in a rumpled, old-
fashioned business suit.

As you spot him, Ehrich looks up. His eyes sweep over
you for a moment, then pass on. After a few more seconds,
he retums to speaking with the old man.

The characters can approach Ehrich in any manner they
wish, or not at all. Due to the Masquerade, firing at him or
physically assaulting him in public is a bad idea. Without
those options, their best choice (if they intend to follow
Nicolai's instructions without question) is to lure him out-
side in some manner.

Succubus Club

As the characters approach Ehrich, read them the follow-
ing:

As you get closer to the elusive Tremere, he suddenly
perks up. Turning from his conversation from the old man,
he looks directly at your group (or the largest group of
characters). He studies you intently fora moment. Then he
gestures for you to sit at the table with him.

‘There is no reason for the characters to refuse the invita-
tion. They might even be able to get the drop on him, if they
intend to kill him.

When Ehrich has the characters' attention, read the fol-
lowing:

The Kindred known as Ehrich casually reaches into the
air and produces a half dollar. Idly twirling it through his
fingers, he looks you over for a minute. His elderly friend
has sunken back into his chair, muttering quietly to himself.

Eventually Ehrich says, "Greetings, fellow Kindred. A
friend of mine called from a business you visited earlier this
evening. He said youwere looking for me, and gave me your
description."

"Well, you have found me. Perhaps you seek me at the
request of the boy-mage, Nicolai. If so, realize you will be
ill-used. He seeks to see me destroyed for the threat he
believes I pose to the Tremere clan. As tools, he will discard
you after you have served your purpose. However, you have
no doubt chosen your own fate. What is it that you wish of

At this point the characters will have to decide (if they
have not already) whether they intend to fulfill their "deal"
with Nicolai. If they do not, and tell Ehrich of the situation
they are in, he will reply:

"T sympathize with your dilemma. The one you call
Nicolai is a powerful one. A friend of mine is Bound to him,
and there are other...personal reasons. Throw in your lot
with me, and those of this city that stand against Nicolai. We
are not without power ourselves. In any case,I promise you
that once you have made a deal with that devil, Nicolai, you
will find yourselves ensnared in his web of evil."

The characters should realize that Ehrich is speaking
correctly. Most of them should be naturally suspicious of the
Tremere clan in any case, and understand the truth of what
he is saying. If they accept his offer to join forces, he will
say:

"Very well. My friend Gibson here has told me what I
need to know. I was to meet one more person here, but she
has not arrived. She may not have been able to slip away
without suspicion. I respect her caution, and so my business
in Chicago is done. I must escort Gibson home, and then we
can discuss our mutual desires."

If the characters decide to kill Ehrich read the following:
Ehrich nods his head sadly. "So be it, then. I trust you

place little value on your souls, for they shall be forfeit if you
carry out this evil deed. However, shall we go outside? I

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

have no reason to endanger the Masquerade by which we
live by. This place is far too crowded to resolve the business
which lies between us."

Ehrich will makeas if to rise, but before he can doso, there
is commotion.

At this point two young women come to the table. They
are entranced Blood Dolls (see Characters below). Have the
characters make a Perception + Alertness roll versus Diffi-
culty 8. If they succeed, they remember the girls were
talking with a young man (Orloff) just before they came over
to the table.

If the characters do not approach Ehrich, read the follow-
ing:

You see two women step out of the crowd. Without
warning they draw knives and throw themselves at the old
man. Before youcan move, Ehrich reacts with superhuman
speed, grabbing both of them by the wrist and deflecting the
attacks away. He tosses them back into the crowd, then grabs
the old man and gets him to his feet.

If the characters are at the table with Ehrich and Gibson,
read the following:

Suddenly two girls step out of the crowd. They are
smiling slightly, but there is a glassy, unfocussed look to
them. Before you can do anything, they whip out knives

133

from beneath their jackets. Without a sound, they throw
themselves at the old man, Gibson.

Orloff has commanded them to kill Gibson. Have the
characters make a Wits + Alertness roll to react. Any that
succeed may roll for initiative against the Blood Dolls. If
Ehrich has been talking to the characters, he is surprised: do
not bother rolling for him.

The Blood Dolls will strike out wildly at anyone who gets
in their way. They will make their attacks in utmost silence.
In fact, most of the club members will be unaware of the
attack (and the rest will not care).

If it looks like the two girls are going to be defeated on the
first round, Orloff will project a knife at Gibson. An
Athletics + Dexterity roll against Difficulty of eight will
allow acharacter to deflect it. Three successes will allow the
character to grab it.

The girls probably will not last more than two melee
rounds. If it looks like any characters are coming for Orloff,
he will duck back into'the crowd. If the characters actually
get to him, have two more Blood Dolls distract them while
he makes his escape.

When the characters have thwarted the attack, go to
Scene Six.

134

Characters

Ehrich Weiss (Harry Houdini)
Embraced: 1926

Apparent Age: 52

Generation: Eleventh

Clan: Tremere

Description: Short and stocky, muscularly built. Has a
high forehead with receding black hair just turning grey.
Piercing eyes. Usually wears casual clothing.

Demeanor: Survivor

Nature: Trickster

Jackson Orloff — Orloff isa resident of Chicago. At
an early age he realized his mystical potential. He was
contacted by Gibson, who decided to initiate him into the
ranks of his own magical order. Orloff trained with the old
Magus, but was impatient for more power than Gibson
would give him. The mystical order he belonged with have
given him minor punishments for his violation of their vows
of public spellcasting, but he believes they are simply
jealous of him. Orloff believes that by killing his mentor, he
will prove his worth to the Magi and they will have to accept

Succubus Club

VAMPIRE:

Erich Weiss

Altribat:

Soctal
Chortana—

2000, Te
[e000 We.

Abilities:

e000
Melee feeeoo Lm
Monte "00000
Repair p00 Methiwe.
Set,

‘Seat

eevee Oui
Save 9000

48000
Advantage:
Backgrounds

seeee
Seeee

sto Humanity—-
eeccceeeon

toe Willpower meet
eeccccceeo
oOooooo0000

sto=Blood Poole
eecccccccs

‘aww 187 Abies 19 Din: } Bahpodc 3 Vine 7 Pri Poe 15 CAN)

him as an equal. They will not, but Gibson will be dead by
then.

Orloff is rude and impatient. He grows irritable when
matters are not going his way. He believes himself invulner-
able and acts accordingly in combat. Despite his youth and
arrogance, Orloff is a skilled magician. Among his mystical
developments has been a ritual similar to that of the Blood
Bond, or the sharing of blood that the Blood Dolls perform.
‘Theritual appears identical to thenormal Blood Dollexchange
of blood, but when performed Orloff's partner ends up in a
state similar to that of a Blood Bounding. Orloff has used
this ritual to enchant a number of young women.

Age: 26

Description: Jackson is of medium height, with wavy
(and somewhat greasy) black hair. He has ankh earrings and
silver finger rings. He dresses like a Blood Doll, with black
leather jacket and jeans, and a silk shirt.

Demeanor: Bravo

Nature: Child

Equipment: Six braces of throwing knives underneath
his jacket (used with his telekinesis abilities), one switchblade
knife he uses in hand-to-hand combat.

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

Special: Using his Movement of Mind Discipline (his
Primary Form), Orloff can throw knives by making a
Thaumaturgy + Perception roll. He knows whatever rituals
you want to give him,

Gibson — Gibson has been a Magus since the age of 14.
Although he was quite powerful in his day, his abilities have
faded with time. He is still respected by his fellow Magi,
many of whom believe his eccentric absent-mindedness is
anact. Unfortunately, such is not the case. Overestimating
his waning powers, they allowed him to train Orloff. Despite
his advancing senility, Gibson has given the boy enough
knowledge to be extremely dangerous.

Gibson and Ehrich are old friends. Ehrich's visit to him
is more a courtesy call then anything else, and he has just
discovered the extent of Gibson's fading powers. Gibson
himself is unaware of Orloff's hate for him, and has not
mentioned his pupil to Ehrich.

Age: 82

Description: Looks every day of his 82 years, Is balding,
with a long white beard. Usually dresses in rumpled old
Suits.

Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Nature: Traditionalist

‘VAMPIRE:

Jackson Orloff

Mental

Cancicnce___s0000
SeifControl___seo00
Gawnge___se000

+
te—Lumaniiy—a te — Teal

@e00000000

te Willpower—aet-

eecceeen00
oooo0000000

"tow Txperiencenaet-

stomTloodd Poole
0000000000

‘Aarne 700 Attics 1105 Decne 3 Retgrnde$ View 7 Fetes 15082)

135

Blood Dolls — Orloff's Blood Bound Blood Dolls,
Janet Hickes and Allicia Frazer, have the typical Attributes
of their type from the first chapter, though their Appearances
are threes. They also havea Melee and Stealth of one. Their
knives, given to them by Orloff, are bigger than the usual
Blood Doll blades, and have a difficulty of four to hit. They
are attractive young women, ages 16 and 22. They are
dressed in typical Blood Doll style, with tight black dresses
and silver jewelry.

These Blood Dolls have been entranced by Orloff's
pseudo-Binding ceremony. He is using them as mindless
berserkers in his attack on Gibson.

SCENE SIX:
INTO THE MAZE

This Scene takes place in the labyrinth in the basement
area of the Club. Maps of this area are in the earlier sections
of this book.

In this Scene, the characters either accompany or pursue
Ehrich and Gibson into the labyrinth. Hinds' men have
blocked the exits and prevented Ehrich's (and possibly the
characters') escape. The only place to go is down. Mean-
while, Orloff and his Blood Dolls will pursue Gibson and try
to kill him and anyone with him.

If the characters have already joined forces with Ehrich,
tead the following:

Ehrich glances towards the exit, then mutters another
curse. "Hinds' Anarchs. Curse me for a novice, I didn't see
them. They guard the doors." Looking towards one exit,
you can see several burly men lounging by each exit. They
are casually leaning on baseball bats as if the weapons were
walking sticks,

"Hinds must still believe me a traitor for my activities
those years ago. And perhaps he was right. However, we
must get out of here now. The basement is our only chance.
Are you game?"

A quick appraisal of the situation will assure the charac-
ters the only escape route is through the basement. Ehrich
will help Gibson, who has sat dazed through everything, to
his feet and guide him to the basement entrance.

Ifthe characters did not approach Ehrich, read the follow-
Ehrich and the old man head for the basement door. Your

target glances towards the outer entrances. Following his
gaze, you see several burly men with bats lounging nearby.

The characters will have no problem leaving the Club, but
will have failed their assignment. If they choose tohead after

136

Ehrich, they will be unable to prevent him from getting into
the downstairs area due to the crowd on the dance floor.

If the characters did make contact with Ehrich,
then Hinds' men will assume they are his friends. The
teamsters will attack any character who tries to leave. There
are three teamsters at each door, and three more will come
over if the characters try to go through a door en masse.

Once the characters are in the basement, read the following:

You step into the area beneath the Club. A haze of smoke
enshrouds the entire chamber. Individuals from all walks of
life mingle here. Yuppies rub shoulders with street punks.

Behind you on the stairs, the sound of rushing footsteps
suddenly echoes down to you. The people after Ehrich have
not given up their pursuit.

Quickly glancing around, you see a door to your side. It
is open, as if someone has just passed through. Those of you
familiar with the Club know that a deliberately created
labyrinth of corridors and cul-de-sacs runs through the
basement area.

The characters at this point have little choice but to enter
the Succubus Club's labyrinth. If they did not approach
Ehrich above, and choose to mingle with the crowd, they
succeed in evading their pursuers. However, they will have
no chance of catching Ehrich before Keaton or Hinds' men
do. Since Keaton is one of the people behind them, word will
get back to Nicolai that they didnot fulfill his orders. Nicolai
will react accordingly (see Wrap-Up).

‘When thecharactersenter the labyrinth, read the following:

You enter a dimly lit corridor. Passages branch off in all
directions. The sounds of the main floor arecutoff. However,
you can hear muffled sighs and groans from deep within the
winding corridors.

If the characters are with Ehrich and Gibson, they only
have two options: try to get to one of the other exits in the
labyrinth, or set an ambush.

1) The characters could try to get to another exit. Have
them checking for encounters every five minutes as they
move through the labyrinth. If they are unfamiliar with the
maze layout, you can role-play out the entire procedure.
Alternately, simply give each character a Wits + Alertness
roll. Because of the pressure situation, the Difficulty is 9 for
them to find an exit. A botch automatically puts them in an
encounter from the chart below (reroll rolls of 1-4).

When they do escape the maze, they will have to deal with
four teamsters. Two are guarding the door leading up, the
other two are guiding the door to the labyrinth that the
characters passed through. Due to the restrictions of the
Masquerade, and the need to avoid noisy violence (such as
gunshots), firearms are not recommended.

Succubus Club

Patrons will ignore any conflict that goes on as long as it
is hand-to-hand with nothing more dangerous than a knife.
A few might cheer the combatants on. However, characters
will have to be careful when using vampiric abilities such as
Potence. However, biting with their teeth would not be out
of place in the Club.

Every other round while fighting the teamster guards,
roll on the random encounter table below. Reroll on a 1-4.
If one of these results come up, the appropriate characters
have found their way out of the labyrinth and enter the fight.

If the characters fight their way past the teamsters and
anyone else, they can exit the club and make it to safety. Go
to "Wrap-Up."

2) The characters could set an ambush, There are several
places where they might work. Once the characters have
prepared an ambush, roll for a random encounter to see who
stumbles into their trap. If it is one of the pursuers, give him
a Perception + Alertness roll to detect the trap. When
somebody wanders into the ambush, roll a die and divide by
five (round up). That is the number of rounds until you
should roll another random encounter, as the noise draws
some of the other individuals who hunt the party. After that,
roll another die divided by 5.

The characters will still have to escape the maze. The four
men guarding the initial labyrinth entrance and the stairs up
(see #1 above) will have to be dealt with. If Orloff or Keaton
was eliminated in the maze but you roll for them to enter the
battle during every other round, ignore the result and do not
roll over.

Youalso have to consider all of the chasers present. Their
actions are as follow:

Ehrich: If the characters are on his side, he will stay with
them, helping whenever he can. If they are hunting him, he
will never stumble into an ambush. Eventually the charac-
ters will have to fight the other pursuing forces. He will use
the opportunity to make his escape with Gibson.

Gibson: Is basically a drooling wreck. He will chip in
with occasionally senile ramblings that may actually make
some sense (your option). Although he still has several
mystical abilities, characters will have to persuade him to
use them (Manipulation + Empathy, Difficulty 8,at least two
successes necessary). Even then, an attempt could malfunc-
tion in some peculiar way. Play this as a hindrance (but not
a critical one) for the characters.

Karl and Tealatiers: Will hunt the characters and
attack without mercy. Karl will be unimpressed by any
claims ofinnocence on the characters. He willrant hysterically
about how Ehrich "betrayed the Anarchs to those thrice-
cursed Ventrues."

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

The teamsters are loyal to Karl and the Anarch cause, but
are not stupid. If they begin to lose, or the characters defeat
Karl, they will flee.

Orloffand Blood Dolls: Orloffisintent on killing Gibson,
but views the characters as obstacles in his path. If the
ranged knife attack encounter is rolled, Orloff's first strike
will be at the old Magus. Orloff has commanded the
entranced Blood Dolls to attack Gibson, Ehrich, and the
characters and to continue until they have succeeded.

Keaton and his Thugs: Keaton is here at Nicolai's
orders, primarily to make sure the characters kill Ehrich.
Keaton is willing to let the characters do the dirty work.
Then he will step in, eliminate them and take the credit
himself. However, he does not wish to endanger his standing
with the Anarchs. If he comes upon a battle or ambush
already in progress involving Karl and/or the teamsters, he
will pitch in on their side. This way, he can still get credit for
killing Ehrich. The thugs will follow his orders, but flee if the
situation goes against them.

Random Encounters

Use this chart in conjunction with the random labyrinth
encounter chart in the earlier part of this supplement when
tolling for the characters. Roll a single die to use.

137

Random Encounters Chart

14 Normal encounter from the Labyrinth encounter
chart

Karl and two teamsters
Three teamsters

Orloff and two Blood Dolls
Two Blood Dolls

Asingle telekinetic knife attack from Orloff. Check
to see if he surprises the characters, then have him
attack from a distance. He will duck back into the
labyrinth. Disregard any future rolls that show
Orloff walks into an ambush at the current location.
His first attack will be against Gibson. Use the
Tules listed in Scene Five for the characters to
deflect a throwing knife. If the characters do not
bother to deflect the attack on Gibson, Ehrich will
try to deflect it.

Co rmran

10 Keaton and the two thugs (Dave and Doug, or
Fischbaker and Horn if the first two are out of
commission)

138

Characters
Keaton's Thugs

Dave and Doug's statistics are in Scene One. If they were
killed, Keaton has two other thugs, Fischbaker and Hom,
with the same statistics.

Teamsters

Equipment: Baseball bats (treat as club), Light Pistol,
$20 ca.

Description: Burly men, wearing workers' clothing.

These men are retainers of various members of Hinds'
Anarchs. They are aware of the true nature of those they
serve, butdonotcare. They figure they are helping the union
and indulging their own penchant for violence at the same
time.

EPILOGUE

This is not a Scene per se, but wraps up the loose ends of
"Grand Elusion."

Note that many of these conditions are not exclusive.

Teamsters
+t Attribut +
Physical Soctal Mentat
Seo e000 c
Desert S000 | Manele
Sena see00  Apewrence——se000
be Abilities:
Talents Sits
Acting {20000 Animal Ken,
Nertewe ‘soo00 Dike
‘oat oc00 | Bipsie
Drest feecoo | Prenn
Das 0000 Meee
Ppt ooo00 | Man
intmdeim—eeovo Repair
Tester po000 | Senet
Steen feecoo Sieade
Subnerfoge. 0000 — Survival, 00000
+t Advantage
Disetplines Backgrouncls Vie
‘0000 0000 Carcta
20000 Sooo Sel'Cantrl
coves —————— toove  Coxmaye,

Cy

"Fom-Other Traltsret

stom Ilealth ant
Deveed =

90000 tt 4
20000 lyjred 20
22000 tee Willpowermeet Wand 30
ore Maded 4 0
Fates Ceeeeeoo00 — Medal 40
fe] AOOOOOOOGO — faneetniet O

stom Experiencest
-Fo—Blood Poulmnet

0000000000

‘Auton 1D Abies 1396 Dice 3} Racgrame$ View 7 Fete Pome 15520)

Succubus Club =

If the characters joined forces with Ehrich: He is
grateful for their aid. At your option, he decides to remain
in Chicago and help when possible. In any case, he puts
Erichtho in contact with the characters and asks her to help
them as much as she can. Since she is one of the primary
forces in Chicago, she could very well give them her help in
future adventures. More importantly, Erichtho will imme-
diately contact Hinds' followers and assure them that the
characters were actually part of an intricate scheme aimed at
the Tremere. Hinds will reluctantly accept this. The char-
acters will have little to fear from this quarter in the future.

If it appears as if the characters joined forces with
Ehrich: Even if Keaton does not survive the adventure,
Nicolai will find out about the characters' betrayal. Nicolai
is going to be very unhappy with the group. However, his
failure has made him look bad with his Elders, and he will
have enough trouble avoiding their retribution. He will be
too busy dealing with the consequences to act against the
characters immediately. He has a very long memory, how-
ever.

Any Tremere characters will have to think on their feet to
come out of the situation intact. Since they are Blood Bound
to the Elders, not Nicolai, they can initially avoid telling the
full truth, but ifhe is too suspicious he will have them answer
tothe Elders. A Tremere character, if he wishes to continue
with the character group, may have to arrange some kind of
set-up that makes it look as if the characters forced him to
help Ehrich against his wishes.

If it appears to Nicolai as if the characters tried to kill
Ehrich: Nicolai will be suitably impressed, but will not
reward them because, technically, they failed. Alternately,
ifhethinks he can get away with it, he will give the characters
their promised rewards ("You in all faith tried your best...").
He will only do this if he stands a good chance of Blood
Binding the characters to him.

Nicolai will use them in the future in any case, with the
ultimate goal of dominating them to his cause. With them
under his influence, he will have more pawns in his struggles
within the Primogen.

Ifthe characters actually did try to kill Ehrich, and Ehrich
knows it: Ehrich will get the word out to his allies. Horace
will be reluctant to let them into The Cave, and Dent will
have nothing to do with them. Erichtho will try to kill them
if she can do so as part of some grander scheme.

If Hinds believes the characters were Ehrich's allies, he
will continue to do so. Without Erichtho to clear up the

misunderstanding, the characters could have future prob-
lems with the Socialist coterie.

If the characters killed Ehrich: Impossible as this ad-
venture makes it, the characters could in fact manage to kill
him. Nicolai will reward them with everything he promised,
and take steps to promote any Tremere that were in the

Child's Play: Grand Elusion

*}o——— VAMPIRE:

Gibson

+ Miribea

Physteal Soctal
Suet 20000 se00, 1
Desert 20000 Mevipcatin—e0000 Incline
sone S000 Aw soo00 Wa
+ Abilities:

Talents Skills
Aetig 20000 Ast Kex___00000 1
Rertew 0000 tyne coveo Comet
‘Rose Soove Rips feeooo | Prame,
ree 0000 20000 nesta
Das feeooo | Melee poco law ‘oo000

e000 e000
Inumblation———00000 Repair (00000
‘Secu poooe Oui

‘se000

Viewues

FerOther TrniiarmetsteeLumanity—eet foe Tealt
‘20000 5) teed? ho
Geen eeeeceeooo — twin Oo
gone grat 20
core Wanted 30
Madal 4 0
to Combalmeet Caen es
= Inca! O

stewalixperienceremt

"tem=Dlood Poole
0000000000

Aarts 1) Abies IVS Dixie} Bako $ Vee 7 Pecie Poe 1S OAM)

group. He will make a great effort to dominate or Blood
Bond the other characters, realizing he seriously underesti-
mated their abilities. Except for any Tremere characters, this
should not work out very well for the group.

If Orloff was killed: If the characters can somehow get
incontact with the Magi, they will getnothing. The Magi are
glad to get the little twerp out of the way, but do not want the
Kindred to think they can casually kill their members. As
such they will neither reward or penalize the characters.

139

Elevator Door

€ Freight Elevator

lJ Storage | \J ie
Stairs Up ——

i vay pisit
Generators Secret Door Me

Basement Level: The Labyrinth _ Scate:1 inch = 35 feet

Permission granted to photocopy this page for personal use only.

Succubus Club Maps

Freight Doors
Freight Elevator
ie. Stairs Down
=

SaneUp MI WN) Fire Exit
Fire Exit 24 Ware House/Storage = oy
INZ1 vy! vt

Stairs Up
sl Img s (to Balcony)
( Stairs U; ey eo 1 j
irsUp 1 }
(To DJ Booth)! (Qs
Stairs Down Be Seen Ee 1

Ears Lowered
Dance Floor

ee a
Spiral Stairs Up Tle Booths

(to Hanging Platforms)

(Edge of
(Edge of Balcony) Ya

itorage S Balcony) Steps Down '
ed D

Ladies' > : K ; O Oo. : O O
Table © #Or ©). EG: =O) { —
Mens! O O O © ; (to Balcony)

eae Steps Up par
] Pe
Check 7 StattBreak | C) Ladies'
le sg Ki

Ro one O

O02 0.08)

<

l

=
ES

O
O
i

7 1 Raised Bar VieSar A
2 Storage Vv

Entrance 4 Main Bar )
Stairs Up

Stairs Down — Storage

A

N
Level One: The Dance Floor Scale:1 inch = 35 feet
Permission granted to photocopy this page for personal use only. "fore:

Succubus Club Maps

Freight Elevator

- \ Elev:
Storage Gi

ator Door
~,
Booth

_i

i) ne, Stairs Down &
C Hanging

o lo
fe 1
2 . O 2> "(sing
S Spiral

1 O A O Stairs Down

Stairs Down

(a) iS) Open to Dance ~~

— Floor Below
Bar a Hanging
S) Hanging Platform 2

Security
Monitor

UW

a is

es Stairs Up/Down
A
3 N
Level Two: The Balcony Scale:1 inch = 35 feet

Permission granted to photocopy this page for personal use only.

_|

Succubus Club Maps


Floor Plan Key

Brennon's Office
Private Lounge
Bedroom

Full Bath

Annex Room
Storage (unused)
Cell

Freight Evevator
Storage

Caran eone

@ ee

- Stairs Up
Cat Walks
&

Main Sound System and Lighting

Ls

Window

Stairs Down

iu

Yv

VIP Observation
Lounge & Bar

Art Gallery
Annex Room
Full Bath
Elevator Motor
Up/Down Stairs
wee

Support Beams
ice (above)

Sliding Glass
Doors

evel Four: The VIP Lounge

Stairs Down \—

Main Sound System
and Lighting

No

Permission granted to photocopy this page for personal use only.

Succubus Club Maps


oHPR ANE
ria,

The Passion of Life

The pain never goes away. Immortality comes with a price,
and the full sum must be paid in tears and blood — your own
blood, not the blood of victims. This is a horror which cannot be
escaped, but can be forgotten, if only briefly. Only in the places of
dance and pounding music, where the scent of blood reddens
the air, can solace be found.

That is why the Kindred gather at the Succubus.
That is why they are drawn back.
That is why they die there.

The Passion of Death

The Succubus Club is a Sourcebook detailing the most
notorious nightspot in the Chicago Rack. This book includes not
only a complete description of this infamous club, but six
complete one-chapter stories, each of them set within its
confines.

Cainites know of it as a huge and extravagant dance club

ISBN 1-56504-011-2
WW 2104 $15.00

0°"9937902104" 4

53 Indian Manor Dr. * Stone Mtn. GA 30083
