# File: The Mage Tarot (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Glue Here - Glue Here - Glue Here

VQVNVO NI G3.LNIdd

$19.95 U.S.

ISBN 1-56504-440-1
0

WW412
9°781565"044401

Glue Here - Glue Here - Glue Here


Designs of Destiny
Designed by Nicky Rea and Jackie Cassada

Art by John Cobb, Larry MacDougall, Alex Sheikman, Dan
Smith, Larry Snelly and Joshua Gabriel Timbrook

1

Credits

Design and Writing: Nicky Rea and Jackie Cassada
Additional Material: Stewart MacWilliam

From an Original Design Concept by: Richard Thomas and Sam
Chupp

Development: Phil Brucato

Editing: Cynthia Summers

Art Direction: Richard Thomas

Artists: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook (Major Arcana), Alex Sheikman
(Suit of Questing), John Cobb (Suit of Primordial), Larry MacDougall
(Suit of Dynamism), and Dan Smith (Suit of Pattern)

Colorists: Larry Snelly, Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Book Layout & Package Design: Aileen E. Miles

Authors' Dedications:

Let us call now for the makers of strong images,

Let them come to us now carrying their quills and sharp razors
Let them gash their arms for ink and let them limn.

— Neil Gaiman, "The Song of the Audience"

To Joan Friedman for that summer in Berkeley when we all
reveled in intuitive Tarot readings and to Herman M. Cassada, Jr.
for giving me my first Tarot deck and opening my eyes to the
possibilities therein.

Special Thanks to the wonderful artists whose talents made
the designs immediate and striking, going far beyond what we had
conceived.

To Stewart MacWilliam for his insights and suggestions and
to N. J. Bargle, for her inspired contributions.

To Sam Chupp and Phil Brucato for their encouragement
and mentorship.

To the folks at Seventh Heaven whose assistance and help
with the Tarot were invaluable.

To Carla Hollar, Matt Steele and Beth Bostic for sharing
with us our first exploits in Storytelling with the Tarot.

Thanks, all of you.

Table of Contents

Introduction

Chapter One: Osing The Cards
Chapter Two: The Major Arcana
Chapter Three: Questing
Chapter Four: Primordial
Chapter Five: Dynamic

Chapter Six: Pattern

20
28
33
38
43

735 PARK NORTH BLD.
SUITE 128

CLARKSTON, CA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

copyrights of White Wolf unless otherwise noted.

copyrights concerned.

© 1993, 2001 by White Wolf. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the publisher is
expressly denied, except for the purpose of reviews. Mage the
Ascension is a registered trademark of White Wolf Game
Studio. The Mage Tarot is a trademark of White Wolf Game

Studio. All names, titles, characters and text herein are

The mention or reference to any companies or prod-
ucts in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or

Due to mature content, player discretion is advised.

3

Introduction

The Dance that is... everything... You'll see. Earth, air, fire, water —
and the Greater Trumps. There's a way to all knowledge and prophecy,
when the cards and they are brought together.

— Charles Williams, The Greater Trumps

For those who seek a greater awareness of their place in the
universe, the Tarot is said by some to be the bridge between conscious
perception and unconscious wisdom. The Mage Tarot is a deck of
destiny. Within the compass of 78 cards lies a Path from sleep to
Awakening. Its symbols are the signposts which mark the journey of the
soul through the World of Darkness into a realm of greater possibilities.

A Bit of Common Sense, Please

Although its symbolism concurs with many traditional forms
of Tarot imagery and association, this deck isnot intended to be used
for true readings. It is not a starter deck for would-be magicians; it is
novelty item only.

Tarot cards, whether traditional or modern, are not toys.
Though we hope that you will find their use as a tool for Storytelling
exciting and inspirational, the Tarot traditionally functions asa tool
toward self-discovery. Many accounts credit Tarot readings with
insights beyond those of "normal" perceptions; others say the cards
simply allow you to access those parts of the subconscious that we
miss in our daily lives. Whatever the truth may be (assuming there
is only one truth), we do not recommend using a game deck for real-
life concerns, nor do we condone the use of tools by those who don't
know what they're doing with them.

Believer or not, have some respect and common sense. Please.

History of the Tarot

Although Tarot decks first made their appearance in the 14th cen-
tury, the ideas and symbols they embody stretch much further back in
history, embracing the knowledge and philosophies of ancient Egypt,
Greece, China, the early Roman church and the teachings of Talmu-
dic scholars. The striking visual imagery of the Tarot served as a means
of communication despite barriers of language and culture, so that
seekers after hidden truths could share their discoveries through an
understanding that transcended cultural barriers.

Tarot cards have gone through many permutations through
the centuries. Used as vehicles for telling fortunes by Gypsies

4


throughout Europe in the late Middle Ages, the attractive and
compelling cards soon became popular items in noble households.
The French transformed the Tarot into playing cards, discarding the
Major Arcana and changing the suits from Wands, Cups, Swords
and Pentacles to the more familiar spades, hearts, diamonds and
clubs of the modern 52-card deck.

Although a few students of esoteric lore still used the Tarot as
a mnemonic device for preserving ancient truths, it was not until the
mid-19th century that the resurgence of interest in theosophical
studies led toa rediscovery of the cards and an attempt to restore them
to their original purpose. Eliphas Levi, Israel Regardie, Helena P.
Blavatsky, William Butler Yeats and Aleister Crowley all made vital
contributions to the modern Tarot. But they were only the first wave.

The Rider-Waite Tarot deck, designed by Arthur Edward
Waite and William Rider and illustrated by Pamela Coleman Smith,
is by far the most popular and inspirational of the standard Tarot
decks in modern use. In recent years, interest in the Tarot has
spawned a wealth of variant decks, reinterpreting the ancient
symbols to fit feminist, holistic and multi-cultural paradigms. For
the most part, the images have survived in translation, a testimony
to the underlying resiliency of the truths the cards encompass.

The Cards

The Mage Tarot is intended primarily for use with games set in the
World of Darkness. Our purpose is not to teach you how to use the
Tarot (you can learn that from any deck), but rather to provide you
with a deck that reflects the imagery of our dark fantasy world.
Several possible game uses are discussed later. Although slanted
toward Mage: The Ascension, this deck can be used with any of
White Wolf's Storyteller System games.

Symbolism

Many of the symbols familiar to Tarot aficionados can be
found in this deck, but several have been modernized or replaced by
more Gothic-Punk counterparts. Though the cards can be used
alone for readings, they become even more meaningful when com-
pared with a traditional deck such as the Rider-Waite deck.

The Text

Each card has a few meanings ascribed to it for both the
upright and the reversed positions, and each has a paragraph or so
of text which comments on the card. Unlike more traditional

decks, the paragraph does not describe the card and give a possible
interpretation; instead, it creates a mood or paints a picture
reflective of the World of Darkness. Some feature characters from
various Mage: The Ascension books. Those resources might
provide more references for the user, but they're not essential for
understanding the cards.

The Suits

While they're analogous to the normal Tarot suits of Wands,
Swords, Cups and Pentacles, the suits of the Mage Tarot correspond
to the various sorts of Essences that color mystic Avatars. Each
Essence is in turn associated with one of the four factions of mage
society. The suits thus have the following correspondences:

Suit (Essence) Faction Element Tarot Suit
Questing Traditions Fire Wands
Primordialism Nephandi Water Cups
Dynamism Marauders Air Swords
Pattern Technocracy Earth Pentacles

Suggested Readings

Books on the Tarot abound, occasionally taking up entire
walls in occult and specialty bookstores. The following titles repre-
senta sampling of the various approaches to the subject of the Tarot.
Consider this a place to start.

The Tarot: a Key to the Wisdom of the Ages, by Paul Foster
Case. This extended essay on the Major Arcana provides a wealth
of detail on the symbology of the Greater Trumps.

Mastering the Tarot: Basic Lessons in an Ancient, Mystic Art,
by Eden Gray. Written by one of the most prolific popularizers of the
Tarot, this book offers a user-friendly approach to standard Tarot
interpretations.

Tarot Lays: Reflective Patterns of the Tarot (Salamander Series
#2). This slim pamphlet presents numerous unusual spreads useful in
exploring the relationships among the cards of the Tarot.

Tarot For Your Self, by Mary K. Greer. A user-friendly (ifa bit
shallow) guide to basic Tarot symbolism and use. Includes mention
of many different modern decks as well as the more traditional ones.

Chapter One:
Osing the Cards

We shall not cease from exploration
And the end of all our exploring

Will be to arrive where we started
And know the place for the first time.

—T.S. Eliot, "Little Gidding"

Over the centuries, Tarot decks have become popular tools
for fortune-telling, and in many minds the two are inextricably
linked. Serious-minded students of Tarot look down on using the
cards for such lowly purposes as predicting rising and declining
fortunes in love, business and other personal affairs. Randomly
shuffling and dealing out the cosmic secrets contained within the
cards borders on blasphemy. To these aficionados, the Tarot is a key
for unlocking universal truths hidden deep within the subconscious.
In much the same manner, a mage searches within herself for the
definitions of reality that mark her progress toward Ascension.

Tarot decks are meant to be used. Their very form — distinct
cards placed in a precise hierarchy in relationship to one another —
demands their use in visual displays as the best method of studying
their contents. Cards, like books, can be read. Unlike books, how-
ever, their pages can be arranged in a variety of ways. Each
arrangement of the cards unfolds a new awareness of the meanings
of the images. By rearranging the cards, either randomly or by
intention, the building blocks of reality are themselves re-ordered.
The world around us, reflected in the cards, becomes a very different
place. Attempting to understand the meaning of these reassembled
chunks of possibility is the true work of fortune-tellers, philoso-
phers, mages and Storytellers.

Reading Spreads

Tarot readings usually involve laying out the cards in arrangements
called spreads. Before doing a reading, one card should be selected
from the deck to represent the person or question under consider-
ation. It is customary to use one of the "Court Cards" of the Minor
Suits to represent the subject of the reading, but any card which
seems appropriate may be chosen. This card should be removed from

the deck before it is shuffled.

The Celtic Cross

The most popular Tarot spread, called the Celtic Cross,
consists of 10 cards, and focuses upon the short- and long-term pasts
and futures of the reading's subject. Most standard guides to the
Tarot contain directions for how to use this spread. Although it is
recommended that the full deck be used with the 10-card spread, it
is also possible to use only the Major Arcana for this purpose.


Example:

© Joel's character is a young Verbena named Angelo. In a
prior game, Angelo encountered other Awakened beings (vampires,
faeries and werewolves) for the first time. At the time, he found that
he needed to cooperate with them to fulfill his mission, but has since
wondered whether he acted correctly and what he should do in the
future. His question is "How do | proceed in dealings with other
Awakened beings, especially since we may be at odds with one
another at times?" The Storyteller, in the guise of Angelo's mentor,
Crispin, head of his Chantry, performs a reading for him.

The initial card, which is not counted with the rest, is laid at
the center of the spread. This so-called querent card represents the
seeker who asks the question. Because he is a young, male Tradition
mage, Angelo chooses the Page of Questing to represent him.

The first card is placed atop the querent card; this covers the
seeker and represents the forces now at work within the querent's
life. The card is The Hanged Man. Crispin tells Angelo, "You are
faced with a situation that could potentially upset all your prior
conceptions. You hang suspended in a moment of choice, to accept
or reject the possibilities presented to you."

The second card is laid across the querent and covers the
cards, forming a cross. This card, The Mage, represents conflict.
Crispin states, "The Magician is will. That will, which makes youa
mage, and which insists upon fashioning reality to fit your vision,
may prove an obstacle both for yourself and for the creatures whose
existence you've discovered."

The next card goes below the crossed ones. It is Gaia,
reversed. "This forms the basis or the short-term past," he says. "It
indicates that you have had a basic misunderstanding of the world
around you."

The fourth card, the Six of Primordialism, is placed above
the crossed ones. "This crowns you," Crispin announces. "It repre-
sents your immediate future and means an end to an old way of
thinking. The Primordial nature of the suit indicates that you must
seek your answer in the depths of your passions, your instincts and
your unconscious mind."

The Fool is placed to the right of the crossed cards. "This one
is the recent past. It refers to things which have just happened. It's
a card of possibility that has yet to be translated into action. You
have recently risked yourself. Its position in relation to the querent
card indicates that you, Cosmic Fool that you are, have just taken
that step that is hinted at in the figure's position."

9

The sixth card, the Queen of Dynamism, is positioned to the
left of the crossed ones. "This is the long-term future. With the
exception of the final card in the spread, this is probably the most
important indicator in the reading. You'll keep an open mind in
continued dealings with Awakened creatures. The Dynamic asso-
ciation of the suit means your future will be subject to change
without notice. It may even be that a specific person, a mentor or
seer, perhaps a woman, maybe even a Marauder, will open your eyes.

"The next card is your inner concerns, your fears or cares. It
forms the bottom of a row of four cards which will rise beside The Faerie.
Ir's the Three of Questing. This indicates that your deepest concerns
are that you will somehow compromise your purpose, that these
Awakened beings may draw you away from your path to Ascension.

"Next we have the outside influences, friends and society.
The card is placed above the prior one. This is the Knight of
Primordialism, reversed. Many people will see you as being de-
ceived. Your fellow mages may think you work against them by
trafficking with other Awakened creatures."

The ninth card goes above the Primordial Knight: The
Hermit, reversed. "This reveals your hopes and ideals, what you
want out of all this. It seems that what you want is not to lead, but
to be led. You're hoping to remain in an immature, childlike state,
that you won't have to accept responsibility for forging a new path.

"Finally, we come to the sum total of the reading." He lays
the final card above the Hermit. "It is Luna, and indicates an
encounter with your subconscious. Your path lies in following the
call of your inner nature, of listening to the voice of your Avatar. Do
what you feel is right."

The Circular Spread

Another possible spread involves laying a predetermined num-
ber of cards in a circle around a central card. A circle of 12 cards might
be used to suggest a course of action or a state of mind which will cover
the span of a year, while a seven-card circle might indicate a week.

Example:

* The cards are arranged in a circle around a querent card.
Crispin chooses the King of Questing to represent himself, as he
leads the Chantry. He lays out seven cards (to represent a week) face
down and starts at the upper right hand card for Sunday.

Thursday

In order, the cards are:

Sunday The Tower, reversed

Monday The Four of Questing

Tuesday The Queen of Questing
Wednesday The Three of Pattern
Thursday The Six of Dynamism, reversed
Friday The Two of Pattern, reversed
Saturday The Nine of Pattern

From card to card the interpretation runs thusly: The Tower
indicates a disruptive crisis that potentially affects the whole Chantry.
The Four means the crisis may be short-lived, or that there's a reason
for celebration despite the crisis. The Queen indicates that action
is taken; perhaps in response to the crisis, the fight is taken to the foe.
The Three bodes a confrontation, and may even involve the
physical structure of the Chantry itself. The search for a solution is

ll

made in the material world. The reversed Six speaks of a journey
beyond the boundaries of the physical world, perhaps the need to
relocate some aspect of the Chantry, and the obstacles or delays that
occur while trying to resolve the problems. The reversed Two
indicates a real possibility for failure as the situation becomes less
clear. Finally, however, the Nine indicates the possibility of restor-
ing order, even gaining something material from the prior difficulty.
All in all, it bodes a week of struggle with the possibility of failure,
but the likelihood of success at the end.

This could be made into a story by endangering the Chantry
in some way and having the characters needing to finda creative way
to save it.

The Linear Spread

Linear spreads are useful when determining long-range courses
of action or progressive influences which affect the subject over a
period of time. In a linear spread, the cards are arranged in a straight
line. Each card drawn is used to clarify or comment upon the
preceding card. The reading can continue until both querent and
reader feel that a satisfactory answer has been achieved, or until no
further elaboration seems to be forthcoming. Usually, cards placed
to the left or above a subject card signify future events, while those
placed to the right or below refer to events in the past.

A variation on this method, the three-card spread, divides the
significance of the reading into body, mind and spirit. This often
involves cutting the cards into three stacks and choosing one card
from each to lay ina straight line running from left to right. The first
card represents something about either the physical aspect of the
subject or its past; the second stands for the mind, or the present state
of things; the third suggests its spirit, or future ambitions or plans.

Such spreads are good for suggesting new characters. By
applying the card's meaning to some aspect of the character's life,
Artor personality, a player or Storyteller can pull together the clues
that shape her.


Example:

© Carla's character Mika, a young Virtual Adept, has be-
come fascinated by various new technologies. She is afraid, however,
that she might fall prey to the blandishments of the Technocracy
because she often trusts other computer-lovers too much. She does
a reading to see if this is likely.

She lays out four cards and feels that she has received the
answer she sought. The cards are laid out from right to left, indicat-
ing that she wants an insight about the future; had she been
interested in past events, she would have laid the cards left to right.

In order, the cards are: The Three of Pattern, the Five of
Primordialism, Strength and The Devil, reversed.

This reading indicates that the potential for flirtation with
the Technocracy definitely exists, and her contacts with them will
touch on her vulnerabilities as she hopes she can gain something
from them. She will have to confront her nemesis or antithesis, and
will need to draw on her own inner resources to overcome the
challenge. The end result will be some sort of liberating experience,
a passage out of a state of self-imposed preconceptions, perhaps.

Ideas for Osing the Cards

These cards can be used in a number of ways to enhance your
game. Some of these are of greatest use to the Storyteller, but many
are useful to players as well.

Character Creation

The cards may be used to aid character creation. Players or
Storytellers might draw a random card from the deck and use the text,
meanings or picture to suggest an idea for the character. Anything
from her looks to her concept, Backgrounds, magical Spheres, Merits
or Flaws, Path to Ascension, abilities or even her potential destiny
might be constructed by building upon something found in the card.
Any of the divining spreads above can be used for character creation,
although a three-card linear spread often works best.

Examples:

© Jim wants an interesting character, one with a past. He
randomly draws the Knight of Dynamism and comes up with the
following ideas from its meaning and imagery: The character is a
young male mage with a Dynamic essence. He has dark brown hair
and dark eyes (associated with this suit), and comes from a wealthy
family (the factories shown on the card). He was once a more
powerful mage, but he's very impulsive (meaning of the card). Once,

13

he performed a highly vulgar magical effect in front of Sleepers.
When a Paradox Spirit confronted him, he slipped into a long Quiet.
Recently, he has recovered his sanity and returned to the mundane
world; most of his previous memories, however, including his knowl-
edge of magic, have been lost. He has been made a clean slate and
must start over again. Old friends and enemies, however, may
remember him quite well, making his new life an interesting one.
Though he's brave, he has a tempestuous nature. His Flaws include
Impulsiveness and Amnesia. He may be good with weapons.

© Storyteller Wendy wants to create a troupe character for
herself to run; she doesn't want this "fun outlet" to overshadow her
players' own mages, so she decides to leave her character concept to
fate. A three-card linear spread yields the following: The Star, the
Seven of Questing, and the Page of Primordialism, reversed. From
these cards, she gets the following ideas:

The spread suggests a female character — two cards have
women as the dominant images, and the third contains a womb,
albeit a corrupt one. The body card, Star, stands for vitality,
charisma, creativity and insight. Wendy's new acolyte (she doesn't
want her to be a mage — she'll leave that to the players!) is young,
magnetic, enthusiastic and probably very physically attractive and
fit. She has, however, a very odd past — this card hasan otherworldly
essence about it. The Seven of Questing carries Fall Breeze's like-
ness; her card suggests courage and valor. Wendy decides to make
her acolyte a martial artist, advanced enough in her training to hold
her own ina nasty fight. The ominous caul of the Page casts a shadow
on the character; even reversed, it's a creepy card. The meaning
hints at deception, lies and a possible fall somewhere along the line.
A Nephandus may or may not be involved, but something in this
acolyte's future will involve a temptation or betrayal.

Following her instincts, Wendy christens her new character
Cassandra. The players would be well advised to watch over her. Of
course, such scrutiny may drive Cassandra to resent the cabal for their
distrust, and that resentment might lead her to betray them later...

2

Non-player Characters

Just as a card can help clarify a character concept, it can also
provide inspiration for a quick non-player character personality. If
you need a Technocracy contact, for example, simply flip to the suit
of Pattern and choose a card. Naturally, you could also choose to use
any other card that you felt more appropriate, or let chance take a
hand and draw a random card. You might even ignore the picture
and suit altogether, choosing instead to focus on the meaning of the
card or the mood created by the text.

Example:

¢ Wendy needs another NPC to spice up her game. She draws
a random card and gets the Seven of Primordialism. This suggests a
Nephandus, either male or female, who is something of a shadowy
figure, but who appears from time to time to tempt the characters with
promises, riches, favors, sensual pleasures or knowledge, all in the
hopes of corrupting them and claiming them for the Nephandi.

Later, she needs a Technocracy agent and flips through the
suit of Pattern for an idea. She chooses the Six to base her agent
upon; he's a philanthropic and caring young man, who seriously
believes the Masses need the protection and guidance of the Tech-
nocracy. He's a blond gentleman in dark, tailored clothing who
works with an inner-city charity bringing help to the poor. Wendy
calls him Brother Joshua. The characters may mistake him for a
Celestial Chorus mage — he's certainly a far cry from the stereotypi-
cal Technomancer!

Plots and Subplots

Youcan use the cards to suggest plotlines and subplots, either
pulling single cards and considering their pictures and meanings, or
by laying out a pattern and divining a direction for your storyline. If
the imagery, symbols and meanings aren't what you want, try
thinking in terms of the cards' numbers and suits. Should you draw
the Four of Dynamism, for example, you might consider either
using the character depicted, utilizing the number four, tying in
Marauders or emphasizing a storyline which deals with air. Any or
all of these elements can be mined for the nuggets of story ideas.

Example:

For examples of more elaborate plotlines, see the circular
and linear spreads given above. Using a single card randomly drawn
to suggest plots and subplots to him, the Storyteller draws the Page
of Pattern. Possible developments suggested by this card include:

15

¢ The characters meet and interact with a female
Technomancer. She might be a Void Engineer, possibly even Karen
Brewster (see Null-B in The Book of Chantries).

¢ A woman the characters meet introduces them toa strange
new Realm or tricks them into entering Null-B or some other
Technocracy Construct, where they are captured.

The characters are placed in a position which allows them
to help rescue an unhappy Void Engineer and flee with her into space.

These are the most obvious ideas. Others might concern the
globe in her hand. Could it be some strange new Technocratic
weapon? A spying device? An Umbral Realm trapped in the crystal
and brought back to Earth? And what about the meteor? Is it really
just a falling star, or have the Marauders broken through? Let your
imagination run rampant.

Onexpected Developments

Likewise, the cards can provide quick inspirations for deal-
ing with unexpected developments in the story. They might suggest
places the characters can go, a person the characters meet or
information about an item they acquire. This might take the
chronicle in a whole new direction or allow for a brief interlude,
then provide a way back to the main storyline.

Example:

© You thought for sure they'd steal the limo that was idling
at the curb. They didn't, and now they're trapped in an alley facing
down six HIT Marks. Overhead, a Technocracy team in their
chopper waits to see if the HIT Marks will take care of things. The
whole scene is turning into a major fiasco. What do you do? You call
in the unexpected. A random card pull yields the Five of Pattern.

The obvious scenario suggested by the card is to turn it into
a capture scene. For some reason, the Technocrats want the charac-
ters alive. While in custody, they may learn something important or
meet a helpful non-player character. They can always try to escape.

Another interpretation might be that someone very power-
ful is watching over their shoulders; she'll make her move to help
them when all seems lost. She may, however, require some service
in return.

Spirits and Effects

Let the cards give you ideas for creating spirits, familiars and
denizens of the Umbra. Allow the imagery to determine how various
NPCs react to the characters, especially if the players cop an

16


attitude. Umbral Realms might be patterned on scenes from the
cards, or might contain such scenes within them. The images,
symbols and meanings need not be taken literally. Feel free to play
around with them and combine them in odd ways.

Example:

© Needing an Umbral spirit, Wendy randomly draws a card
for inspiration. She gets the King of Pattern, which features a man
named Montego Diaz-Quetzalcoatl. She decides that the Umbrood
will be some sort of Meso-American spirit that resembles the
quetzalcoatl and lives in a Realm of abundant harvests. Because of
the nature and meaning of the card, the spirit would most likely act
paternalistic and authoritative toward the characters.

Onpredictable Elements

Mages live ina state of constant unpredictability. Allow the
cards to create unpredictable effects for them. They might suggest
ways a Paradox backlash manifests, or what a Paradox spirit might
look like or want. The cards may be used as templates for construct-
ing episodes of Quiet, or as a means of escaping from Paradox Realms
or overcoming Quiet.

Example:

© Jane's character Simone has blatantly overused the Sphere
of Forces asa weapon, and in front of Sleepers, no less. A Paradox spirit
arrives to transport her to a Paradox Realm. Needing inspiration for
both the spirit and the Realm, Wendy draws the Five of Dynamism.
She describes the spirit as a big, tough biker grrrl with a nasty spiked
club. Simone gets dragged to a Realm where she must flee foes who
overpower her again and again, no matter how weak they appear to be.
They're always brutal and direct, chasing her down endless, dreary
alleyways. Simone must figure out that she needs subtlety, even
trickery, to defeat them. Straight battle will never free her.

Coincidental Effects

This advanced option is best left to highly experienced
troupes. The cards might be used either by the Storyteller or the
players to create opportunities for coincidental magic Effects. Using
a card drawn by the Storyteller or handed to the player at the
beginning of the session, the character could take the card's mean-
ing or imagery and utilize that element as a template for a more
coincidental casting. Literally, it would be as though the mage "cast
about," fishing for ideas on how to make magic less obvious by
setting up a scenario in which magic appears coincidental because it
fits in with the image on the card. This option is a little harder to

17

achieve than the others since it requires cooperation between the
players and the Storyteller to create the opportunity depicted by the
card. Storytellers should feel free to disallow such Effects or rule
them to be vulgar if the player goes too far.

Example:

¢ Fleeing from agents of the Technocracy through the streets
of New Orleans, Kathryn, a young Verbena, is running out of
options. Sleepers are everywhere, and she can't stop to draw blood
or use any sort of effective magic against her pursuers without dozens
of un-Awakened witnesses. Still, she must do something. She asks
the Storyteller if there anything's happening nearby that might help
her. Wendy draws a card, the Six of Primordialism. It so happens
that this particular card might indeed be useful. Wendy announces
that up ahead, in the park at Bayou St. John, Kathryn can see a large
voodoo rite in progress. Thankfully, Kathryn rushes forward, grabs
askull filled with blood and begins to sway to the music. The agents
rush toward her. She flings the blood in their eyes and employs the
Sphere of Life to cause them to go blind for a short time.

Because she used the cover of throwing blood in their eyes
under circumstances where the Sleepers expect a few odd occur-
rences, the crowd has an explanation of why the agents are blinded
— if they even notice what happened in the midst of the wild ritual.
Did the spirits do it, or was there just something really nasty in the
blood? In any case, Kathryn gets to treat the blood-blinding as
coincidental magic (rather than a vulgar "I wave my hand, and they
go blind" Effect), and makes good her escape.

Rites of Passage

The Tarot is essentially a learning tool whereby we discover
things about ourselves. Whenever a mage wishes to raise her Arete
score, she must undergo some sort of ordeal. The cards should prove
very handy for providing ideas for ordeals, rites of passage, Seekings,
learning experiences and other journeys of self-discovery. Full
spreads are recommended when using cards for this purpose.

Example:

¢ To construct a Seeking, Wendy uses a Celtic Cross spread
as inspiration. The querent is the Knight of Pattern because the
character is a young, black-haired male Progenitor. In order, the
other cards come up:

1. Cover: Three of Pattern — The quest will involve
persistence in order to build something. It may be physical, but
equally may not.

18

2. Cross: The Mage — The mage might be his own worst
enemy, or someone else may be preventing his spiritual progress.
This obstacle must be overcome.

3. Base: Eight of Pattern — The reason for the mage's quest.
He may feel inadequate or incapable of progress, and is fighting
against that.

4. Immediate future: Nine of Questing — The mage must
be alert and anticipate the challenges he will face.

5. Short-term past: Queen of Primordialism, reversed —
This can mean a past influence motivating the crossing card and
leading to the future. She may be the cause of the opposition, or may
represent the mage's own inner perversity and fear of committing
himself to the quest.

6. Long-term future: King of Questing — An encounter
with authority is indicated. Some sort of ruler or leader is an obstacle
to be overcome.

7. Personal fears: The Devil, reversed — There are two
levels here. Personal fears involve not recognizing the time for
action, being trapped by indecision. On another level, the mage
fears the forces arrayed against him, probably the Nephandi.

8. Outside Influences: Justice — Friends or society may
demand that the mage act appropriately and make the correct
decisions, and that he justify those choices. They may judge what
the mage does. In another sense, they are possible helpers; the card
suggests that an Akashic Brother may become an ally.

9. Ideals and Goals: The Emperor, reversed — The mage
hopes to somehow accomplish the quest without assuming respon-
sibilities he feels he isn't ready for. He may be required to overcome
someone in authority, perhaps removing him from his throne, to
gain in wisdom.

10. End Result: The Fool, reversed — The end result is a
loss of the mage's innocence and carefree spirit as a price for growing
in wisdom. To gain some dreams, you must sacrifice others.

The reading indicates some direct conflict with the Nephandi.
Their influence taints someone in authority over the mage. The
mage's Construct or Convention may disagree with his actions, and
may even sabotage what he's trying to do. In the end, he must have
the courage to unseat the authority standing in his way — possibly
a teacher or mentor, someone he has trusted in the past — and in so
doing, gain wisdom, but lose his innocence.

Chapter Two:
The Major Arcana

O sages standing in God's holy fire

As in the gold mosaic of a wall,

Come from the holy fire, perne in a gyre,
And be the singing-masters of my soul.

— W.B. Yeats, "Sailing to Byzantium"

The 22 cards which comprise the Major Arcana form the
heart of the Tarot. Taken together, the cards depict the passage of
the soul from unformed possibility to informed awareness. The
wealth of symbols these cards portray create a visual tapestry from
threads spun by the collective unconscious. The strangely familiar
iconography of the cards speaks to the imaginings of poets, dreamers,
storytellers, willworkers and truthseekers alike.

O The Fool

Meaning: Possibility

Courage, Ecstasy, Creative Expression, Risk-taking, Trust,
Choice, Adventure

Reversed: Stagnation, Eccentricity, Folly, Thoughtlessness,
Indiscretion

Association: Marauders

The Faerie: Clad in the vestments of mortal experience and
spiritual awareness, the child of the Dreaming stands poised on the
edge of physical reality, open to the embrace of all possibility. The
sword of his manifest will rests easily upon his shoulder, for the time
of choice has not yet come.

I The Mage
Meaning: Will
Communication, Inherent Ability, Memory, Clarity of
thought and feeling, Organization, Invention, Originality
Reversed: Weakness, Indecision
Association: Virtual Adepts

"What is will but the projection of energy into the world of
matter?" With an act of conscious thought, Dante grasps the wand
of Prime, closing the link between the energy that gives him the
power of magic and the tools that lie before him on the table of the
world. The building blocks of his desires — the Primordial, Quest-

20


ing, Dynamic and Pattern Essences — contain within them the
remaining eight Spheres of magic; the key to knowledge unlocks
them all. The infinite hovers, crown-like, above him. Reality,
virtual or otherwise, belongs to him.

Il The High Priestess

Meaning: Enlightenment

Intuition, Resourcefulness, Independence, Meditation,
Growth, Evaluation, Consciousness, Mystery, Inner Illumination

Reversed: False knowledge, Shallowness, Conceit

Association: Dreamspeakers

Mae Roberts, the keeper of the secret path, sits beside the
waters of consciousness. At her feet, the moon's reflection reminds
her of the hidden truths visible only to her inner sight. Clasping the
symbol of cosmic memory, she guards the passage between light and
dark, dream and reality.
Ill The Empress

Meaning: Fertility

Wisdom, Earth-mother, Prophecy, Love of nature, Spiritual
essence, Healing, Nurturing, Emotion, Creation, Cycles, Balance,
Fruitfulness, Contentment

Reversed: Sterility, Poverty, Inaction, Disruption, Destruction

Association: Verbena

Heasha Morninglade feels the flow of life-magic within her.
It encompasses the water of the stream of life, the blood within her
veins and the liquid within the cauldron of birth and rebirth.
Enthroned upon the world-tree, surrounded by fertile growth and
the deep woods of the unconscious mind, she opens herself through
the wand of the moon to the feminine principle of cyclic movement.
Through her actions, life emerges, resplendent with variety.

IV The Emperor

Meaning: Government

Leadership, Power, Decisions, Action, Negotiation, Inspira-
tion, Motivation of others, Strength, Respect, Foundation,
Self-assertion, Paternity, Mastery, Reason

Reversed: Immaturity, Bondage, Tyranny

Association: Order of Hermes

The lord of reason, Caeron Mustai, grasps the blade which
symbolizes the power of his active will, commanding the forces of his

21

physical and animal natures. Implacable against the darkness, the
light of his intellect warms the stark mountains of logic which serve
as his field of battle.

V The Hierophant

Meaning: Morality

Learning, Teaching, Wisdom, the Sacred, Initiator, Challenge,
Commitment, Intention, Focus, Spirit, Remembrance, Resolution,
Consultation, Counseling, Conformity, Society, Orthodoxy

Reversed: Gullibility, Unorthodoxy, Unconventionality

Association: Celestial Chorus

Clothed in ritual and bound by orthodox traditions, the ruler
of conventional faith translates the secrets of the cosmic mind into
palatable forms. Enthroned at the balance point between all oppo-
sites, the revealer of secret knowledge holds the keys to the powers
of conscious and unconscious thought.

VI The Lovers

Meaning: Attraction

Relationship (to be is to be related), Curiosity, Loyalty,
Commitment, Passion, Bonding, Duality, Yin/Yang, Sincerity,
Openness, Sensitivity, Integration, Equality, Romance, Harmony

Reversed: Repulsion

Association: Cult of Ecstasy

Bathed in the emanations of a higher cosmic power, warmed
by the radiant life-giving energies of the solar light, they seek the
union of opposites. Self and other, carnal and spiritual, knowledge
and mystery bear fruit only in the garden of loving intimacy.
Unveiled to one another, the Lovers follow the pathway of the
senses to inner and outer harmony.

Vil The Chariot

Meaning: Triumph

Change, Movement, Growth, Evolution, Progress, Oppor-
tunity, Exploration, Travel, Stimulation, Activity, Promotion,
Conquest, Bulwark against temptation

Reversed: Defeat, Collapse, Vengeance
Association: Sons of Ether

Aboard the sky-chariot of his own making, wrested from the
welding of science and magic into a unified whole, Jet Boy takes his
place among the explorers of the possible. The triumph of mind over

22

matter, of the inner will over the outer world, of the power of
thought over the boundaries of consensual reality — all these find
expression in the work of the charioteer, the Tellurian's eternal
traveler. He controls the balanced forces of the worlds.

Vill Strength

Meaning: Strength

Passion, Creativity, Risk-taking, Charisma, Radiance, Re-
generation, Expression, Gifts, Taming, Overcoming fears, Lustiness,
Strong faith, Trust in own abilities, Confidence, Unconditionality,
Intuition, Domination, Harmony,

Reversed: Weakness, Abuse, Discord, Corruption, Rage

Association: Quintessence

The Werewolf: Strengthened by her passions, confident in
her spiritual power, she wrestles the bestial and tainted sides of her
nature, bringing them into a harmonious whole with her higher self.
What is wild and unconscious becomes the wellspring which her
creative spirit embraces and tames, even as the roses blossom amidst
decay. Fearlessness brings liberation and trust in her own abilities.
IX The Hermit

Meaning: Guidance

Completion, Introspection, Contemplation, Experience, De-
tail, Revelation, Integrity, Respect, Leadership, Transitions, Discovery,
Wisdom, Mentorship, Open-mindedness, Courage, Seeking

Reversed: Immaturity, Foolishness

Association: Hollow Ones

Clothed in the guise of the seeker, he holds aloft the light of
truth, illuminating the way for other wayfarers through the bitter
night of ignorance. He has blazed the trail to wisdom in silence and
contemplation. Now he stands ready to guide the worthy toward the
union of will and wisdom.

X Wheel of Fortune

Meaning: Destiny

Opportunity, Breakthrough, Prosperity, Abundance, Ex-
pansion, Flexibility, Originality, Pioneering, Fortune, Challenge,
Synchronicity, Fate, Chance, Luck, Cycles

Reversed: Misfortune

Association: Euthanatos

The Wheel turns. The chambers revolve. Life and death play
out their dance of perpetual motion in the progress toward Ascen-
23

sion. Behind the mask of personality, the eternal self expands its
boundaries in search of higher, more perfect forms. Cause and effect
become one in the circumstantial cycles of existence.

XIJustice
Meaning: Justice
Ali Balance, Reali Truth, Clarity, Simplifi-

cation, Order, Authenticity, Visualization, Seeing through
deceptions and delusions, Harmony

Reversed: Injustice, Bias, Inequality, Prejudice

Association: Akashic Brotherhood

Framed within the triptych of mind, body and spirit, Raging
Eagle holds aloft the two-edged sword of Justice. Guided by knowl-
edge of the balance, the master of the mind seeks first the inner
truth, from which outer actions flow.

XII The Hanged Man

Meaning: Perspective

Surrender, Breaking old patterns, Resolution, Freedom from
self-imposed limitations, Unlimited life-force, Diff postures
and perspectives, Awakening, Deep spiritual wisdom, Creativity,
Intelligence, Prophecy

Reversed: Preoccupation, Arrogance, Absorption, Indecision

Association: Paradox

The Wraith: He hangs suspended before the doorways that
separate the physical world from the Shadowlands of the soul.
Severed from all connection to matter, he no longer conforms to the
limitations of his old existence. Only by surrendering the trappings
of identity can he discover the depths of knowledge from which his
new pattern will emerge, transcendent and transformed.

XI Death

Meaning: Renewal

Release, Detachment (appropriate letting go), Transforma-
tion, Irrepressible spiritual essence, Expanded consciousness,
Emergence, Midwifery, Restructuring, Cycles, Rebirth, Change

Reversed: Inertia, Transformation

Association: Vampire; Awakening

The game of life and Death is played out before the curtain of
mystery, which conceals the knowledge of both past and future.
Between the players, the rose of desire arises. Renewal takes many

24


forms; both the siren call of the immortal undead and the transforming
power of Awakening emerge from the spirit's unquenchable restless sea.
XIV Temperance

Meaning: Adaptation

Integration, Synergy, Balance of paradoxes, Union, Experi-
ence, Resolution of conflicts, Symmetry, Combinations, Alchemy,
Tempering, Dream, Vision, Actualization, Adaptation, Coordina-
tion, Self-control

Reversed: Competition, Mutation

Association: Technocracy

Golconda: He rests at the balance point between the peaks
of wisdom and understanding, at the end — or the beginning — of
the path. Saulot has transcended all conflicting emotions, integrat-
ing the unseen and the seen, achieving the synthesis of past and
future, spirit and matter. Tempering the essence of life with the flow
of conscious and unconscious vision, he resolves all paradox.

XV The Devil

Meaning: Bondage

Materialism, Fetters, Sensation, Bedevilment, Temptation,
Degradation, Domination

Reversed: Understanding, Healing, Freedom, Indecision

Mirth, Hedonism, Centeredness, Sensuality, Sexuality, Reso-
nance, Potency

Association: The Wyrm; Nephandi

Those who serve the spirit of corruption and those who
battle its pervasive influence are equally trapped within its destruc-
tive coils. Both animal nature and human intelligence are subject to
its myriad temptations, bound by the limitations of their own
desires. To penetrate its illusionary domination over the sensate
world is the first step towards freedom from its grasp.

XVI The Tower

Meaning: Purification

Ambition, Restoration, Renovation, Change, Restructur-
ing, Awakening, Healing, Expansion, Authenticity, Building,
Designing, Alignment

Reversed: Imprisonment, Conflict, Catastrophe, Disrup-
tion, Conflict, Upset

Association: The Chantry

25

No Tower built upon false foundations can withstand the
raw energy of purification. The ivory fortress of the intellect, the
prideful Chantry of ambition, the lonely citadel of the isolated self
and the paper constructs of the material world become targets for
destruction. Cast into the dimensions of uncertainty, those who
dwelt in ignorance must face a new beginning.

XVII The Star

Meaning: Inspiration

Confidence, Self-esteem, Talent, Guidance, Expression,
Innovation, Creativity, Radiance, Manifestation, Charisma, Mag-
netism, Instinct, Accomplishment, Internal balance, Spontaneity,
Vitality, Nature, Hope, Insight, Meaning

Reversed: Stubbornness, Pessimism, Doubt, Overextension

Association: Meditation

The Umbra: Surrounded by radiant Umbral energy, the
eternal maiden pours forth the waters of inspiration into the pool of
consciousness, and spills the essence of the five senses onto the
Earth's body, revitalizing both matter and spirit. The meditative
phoenix, representative of instinct and the indestructible soul, rises
from the manifestation of vital, spontaneous nature, questing to-
ward the enlightenment of the celestial illumination above.

XVill Luna

Meaning: Intuition

Femininity, Receptivity, Reflection, Mystery, Enigmas, Ro-
mance, Lunacy, Revelation of the true nature

Reversed: Deception, Peril, Madness, Illusion, Deception

Association: Quiet; Inner tuition

She surrenders completely to the lure of the unconscious.
The realm of dreams becomes a nightmare. Drowning in the blood
of her inner beasts, she sinks into the quiet ecstasy of madness. Or
is she rising, renewed by her plunge into the depths of imaginative
vision, to traverse the two-fold path created by the swords of matter
and spirit towards a higher consciousness?

XIX The Sun :

Meaning: Liberation

Collaboration, Teamwork, Partnership, Cooperation, Un-
limited energy, Life-force, Generation, Motivation, Stimulation,
Exuberance, Organization, Shared visions, Exploration, Revitaliza-
tion, Creation, Innovation, Attainment, Success, Achievement

26

Reversed: Retrogression, Depletion, Draining, Enervation

Association: The Sun

Ascension: Glorying in his newfound awareness, the en-
lightened spirit has no further need for the outworn symbols of
tradition or the playthings which marked his progress through the
material world. Like the sunflowers which turn their faces toward
the life-giving sun, the naked child stands, fearless and joyful, in the
garden of eternal light.

XX Judgement

Meaning: Reunion

Awakening, Consciousness, Discernment, Judgment, Per-
ception, Insight, Assessment, Integration, Manifestation

Reversed: Death, Disillusionment, Loss, Criticism,
Judgmentalism

Association: Avatar

Apocalypse: Liberated from their separate misunderstand-
ings, the children of Gaia unite and transform. Transcending all
limitations, the perceptive spirit reaches for eternity. Called forth to
anew Awakening, they ascend into mystery, becoming one with the
universal consciousness.

XXI Gaia

Meaning: Fulfillment

Reward, Freedom, Wholeness, Totality, Holism, Comple-
tion, Integration, Unification, Awareness, Vision, Environment

Reversed: Sloth, Incompletion, Limitation, Restriction,
Negation

Association: The Tellurian

The vision has become the reality. Centered within the
circle of all that is, the cosmic dance both creates and defines itself.
Gaia is never-ending, always-changing, the mirror of the self-aware
consciousness of all within and without Her. The promise is fulfilled,
and the material world has become one with the spiritual.

Chapter Three: Questing
Wands/Traditions/Fire

The best lack all conviction, while the worst
Are full of passionate intensity.
Surely some revelation is at hand;

— W.B. Yeats, "The Second Coming"

The Questing Essence embodies the search for perfection.
The association of this suit with the Traditions and their paths
toward Ascension reflects the purposeful focus of the individual
cards. In the traditional Tarot, this is the suit of Wands, symbolic of
the creative ability of the mage to transform reality according to her
inner vision. Its elemental attribute is Fire, the ultimate source of
transmutation and purification.

Virtues: Creativity, Energy, Diversity

Vices: Restlessness, Pride, Obstinance

Element: Fire (seen as Air by some)

Season: Spring
Ace of Questing

Meaning: Birth

Creativity, Self-realization, Questing, Truth, Uncontainable
life-force, Awakening, "Being"

Reversed: False start, Setback

Association: Beginnings; Ahl-i-Batin

Albthings spring forth from the fires of the imagination. To
the oft-forgotten mages of the lost Tradition, the union of the
Spheres, the oneness of creation and the perpetual dance of oppos-
ing forces are matters of doctrine, not supposition. The burning
bush, the ever-renewing phoenix and the celestial explosion that
signaled the beginning of the solar system are but echoes reverber-
ating from the flames of the Questing spirit.

Two of Questing
Meaning: Dominance
Rulership, Enterprise, Sovereignty, Power, Unification
Reversed: Submission, Suffering, Sadness
Association: Sphere of Forces; Order of Hermes

28


Within her grasp lies a city of light and harmony; outside, all
is darkness and tumult. Both cities are her dominion. It is in her
power to channel her energy, the Sphere of Forces, to bring illumi-
nation to the world around her. Likewise, her Art may plunge the
city into eternal night. The power to upset or maintain the balance
resides in the twin centers of will and heart. ,

Three of Questing

Meaning: Virtue

Cooperation, Partnership, Integrity, Consistency, Congruency

Reversed: Treachery, Disappointment

Association: Sphere of Prime; Celestial Chorus

With his blessing, the ships of his people set out across the
unknown sea. Now they return, perhaps with news of other lands,
other people. He knows their journey was fruitful. Journeys of
exploration always bring forth knowledge. The promise of the sun
and the flames of his vision are surety of his belief. He stands
between the twin poles of life and death, war and peace, past and
future. He holds aloft the rod of the Questing spirit, and welcomes
what the day has brought.

Four of Questing

Meaning: Celebration

Completion, Peace, Triumph, Happiness, Festival, Achieve-
ment, New beginnings, Wholeness, Initiation

Reversed: Prosperity and Harmony of the lesser things in
life; some sources interpret this as Repression and Restriction

Association: Sphere of Time; Cult of Ecstasy

The flames of ecstasy rise high into the air, companions to
the song of celebration. Atop the arch of perfected work, the
skeletons of old ideas merge their essence with the roses of purity and
the common flowers of material sensations. The joining of animal
and human natures in a paean to spiritual perfection crosses all
boundaries of Time and space, Awakening the sleeping world to the
possibilities of change. 7

Five of Questing
Meaning: Strife

Competition, Obstacles, Anxiety, Frustration, Freneticism,
Hyperactivity

Reversed: Contradiction, Complication, Competition, Re-
striction, Restraint

29

Association: Sphere of Correspondence; Virtual Adepts

A common goal does not preclude a conflict of wills. With-
out aclear-cut leader, even the most knowledgeable seekers wander
in strange directions to aimless purposes. Who's in charge here? The
beams of light illumine only what is in their path. Getting back to
the right direction is essential for fruitful achievement, particularly
when Correspondence is your goal.
Six of Questing

Meaning: Victory

Success, Advancement, Revitalization, Energy, Expansion

Reversed: Delay, Conquest, Defeat

Association: Sphere of Life; Verbena

He sits astride a metal steed, surrounded by those who would
hail his dark victory. The candles of his acolytes light the warrior's

path through the darkness of ignorance and superstition. From
them, he draws his strength, for they burn with Life-giving radiance.

Seven of Questing

Meaning: Valor

Development, Purpose, Courage, Energy, Perfection, Vi-
sion, Value

Reversed: Cowardice, Anxiety, Embarrassment, Indecision

Association: Sphere of Mind; Akashic Brotherhood

To conquer one's self is to win the greatest battle and to show
the greatest courage. Fall Breeze contemplates her struggle for
perfection of mind, body and spirit. Her mind opens outward, fan-
like, to embrace the Questing spirit, and like the fan, she possesses
both exquisite fragility and deadly keenness. Her weapon extends
her prowess, becoming the focus for her inner strength and the
power of her Mind.
Eight of Questing

Meaning: Motion

Journey, Ideas, Actions, Swiftness, Progress, Communica-
tion, Transformation, Problem-solving

Reversed: Inactivity, Dispute, Quarrels, Procrastination,
Covert communication

Association: Sphere of Matter; Sons of Ether

The secrets of the material world, of Matter in motion, fall
to his Questing spirit. He takes flight, fueled by the energy released

30

by the death of the old and the birth of the new. Guided by both
knowledge and instinct, following the moon's reflected inner light,
he seeks the distant stars, symbols of the laws which govern the
physical world, at last within his grasp.
Nine of Questing

Meaning: Spirit

Preparedness, Defense, Attainment, Vision, Spiritual and
intuitive strength, Conscious and subconscious thought, Unlimited
strength, Fortitude

Reversed: Obstacle, Adversity, Opposition

Association: Sphere of Spirit; Dreamspeakers

The vigil of the Spirit warrior is eternal. The guardian waits
beyond the barricade erected by those who would conquer the
natural and mystic worlds, ready to offer his vision of peace, yet
mindful that the war is not yet over. Though the trees of life and
knowledge stand burnt and defiled, though the wildness of the world
be impaled upon the spear of progress, the power of the eagle's keen
perceptions endows him with unceasing courage.

Ten of Questing

Meaning: Oppression

Burden, Trial, Ruin, Disruption, Failure, Limitations, Re-
strictions, Holding Back

Reversed: Duplicity, Separation, Loss

Association: Sphere of Entropy; Euthanatos

Suspended by the chains of ignorance, silenced by the cruel
mask of disbelief, he bears the weight of his captivity. Without the
will to break free of the bars of physical limitations and false
perceptions, the Questing spirit withers in its own Entropic prison.
Page of Questing

Meaning: Brilliance

Learning, Courage, Beauty, Self-liberation, Release of fear,
Spontaneous expression, Freedom, New directions, Adventure,
Spring, Nothing to fear

Reversed: Indecision, Unpleasantness

Association: Discovery

The Apprentice stands upon the threshold of a new aware-
ness. Below her lie the bones of past lives, past deaths, past fears and
past awakenings. Within her stirs the call to adventure; before her

31

and behind her, strange horizons beckon. Clad in the brilliant robes
of pure intent, she holds the symbol of her triumph over the
limitations of mortality. The evolution of the spirit begins.

Knight of Questing

Meaning: Conflict

Haste, Inspired creativity, Expression, Concentration, Ex-
pansion

Reversed: Division, Frustration, Discord, Departure, Change

Association: Impetuousness

The Disciple: Driven by the Questing spirit, John Courage
departs upon a journey of self-discovery and inner conflict. For him,
the Wheel of Fortune has become a backward carousel of ever-
changing circumstances, loyalties and motivations. His only
consistency, the axis upon which his pilgrimage to Ascension
revolves, is the quest itself.
Queen of Questing

Meaning: Control

Command, Attraction, Honor, Self-knowledge, Transfor-
mation, Self-reclamation, Fluidity, Growth, Quick temper

Reversed: Opposition, Jealousy, Chastity, Enterprise

Association: Aspiration

The Adept: She rules. Above her, transcendent reality
emerges from the fires of her imagination. Below her, desire lies
nascent in the half-tamed depths of her subconscious. The symbol
of her rulership rests easily in her hands, its weight no longer a
burden but a comforting presence. The harshness of her metal
crown, like her "Bitch Queen" fagade, exerts its own attraction. Just
as the sunflower must follow the sun, so must others follow her.

King of Questing

Meaning: Authority

Leadership, Fatherhood, Inspired direction, Vision, Intu-
ition, Evolution, Spiritual growth, Energy, Arrogance

Reversed: Severity, Honesty, Subordination

Association: Purpose

The Master: Herein lies the culmination of the quest.
Surrounded by the outward trappings of his power, Porthos rests
secure, conscious that all he sees is under his dominion, yet mindful
of the price that he has paid for his knowledge. His fatherly authority

32


arises from the total acceptance of all that he has been, all that he
has learned. Experience, distilled through lifetimes of inner search-
ing, lies within his grasp. He awaits only the fires of inspiration to
embark upon the ultimate Awakening.

Chapter Four:
Primordialism
(Cups/Nephandi/Water)

And what rough beast, its hour come round at last,

slouches toward Bethlehem to be born?
— W.B. Yeats, "The Second Coming"

The raw materials of existence are present in the Primordial
Essence. Attributing this suit to the Nephandi emphasizes the
turbulent and often violent outpouring of unrestrained passion and
instinct. The traditional Tarot assigns this suit to Cups, the vessels
which contain the vital fluids of life. Water is the element repre-
sented by these cards, reflecting their multiple meanings and their
source as the wellsprings of desire and fertility.

Virtues: Imagination, Love, Birth

Vices: Excess, Lasciviousness, Bad Temper

Element: Water

Season: Summer
Ace of Primordialism

Meaning: Breakthrough

Life-force, Open heart, Trusting heart, Spiritual heart,
Expression

Reversed: Instability, Nourishment, Abundance, Mutation

Association: Feeling

Thrust forth from the Primordial ooze, the hand of creation
and destruction grasps the vessel of the mind. Substance without
form, life without cohesion, motion without direction, the fertile
spawning pool awaits the birth of self-awareness.

Two of Primordialism

Meaning: Reflection

Carnality, Passion, Love

Reversed: Passion, Union, Partnership

Association: Symbiosis

Alone before the mirror of her instincts, she confronts the
depths of her desires. Her passions flow in two directions, merging
inner lusts and outer ambitions, forming the watery basis of uncon-
scious knowing. She contemplates the self, joining with her carnal
nature in an unspoken pledge to rapturous sensation.

Three of Primordialism
Meaning: License
Pleasure, Overindulgence, Abundance
Reversed: Pleasure, Liberality
Association: Carnality

Unhampered by the dictates of convention, three weird
sisters (2) revel in their wanton sensuality. Beneath their feet, the
twisted form engendered by their gross imaginings gropes mindlessly
for sustenance amid the barren wilderness of their ruined glory. The
nurturing fluid of unfulfilled creativity festers within the broken
shells of self-indulgence.

Four of Primordialism

Meaning: Dissipation

Contemplation, Emotional luxury, Satisfaction, Apathy

Reversed: Novelty, Contemplation, Wonder

Association: Ennui

The pleasures of the world remind him only of his own
mortality. Entrenched within his own dissatisfaction, the sated
wastrel shuns the proffered cup of secret knowledge, immune to the
headiness of its bestial temptations. He has drained the sensate
realm of everything it has to offer; neither mind nor spirit provide
respite from the bleakness of his aimless destiny.

Five of Primordialism
Meaning: Disillusionment
Disappointment, Sorrow, Loss, Fragility, Depression
Reversed: Hope, Return, Inheritance
Association: Vulnerability

4

Bitter with experience gone to waste, the Primordial spirit
gazes in despair upon the gutted ruins of expectation. Having tasted
loss and drunk the wine of unfulfilled dreams, the prospect of
unsampled pleasures holds no temptation for him. The river of
subconsciousness has been forded, but the barren landscape beyond
is devoid of promise.

Six of Primordialism

Meaning: Initiation

Pleasure, Regeneration, Revitalization, Memory, Ecstasy

Reversed: Retirement, Ending

Association: Opportunity

Ripped from his unthinking, Primordial past and thrust into
the heart of an alien existence, Jubuka offers sacrifices for his
initiation into a world of new opportunities. Surrounded by the
familiar trappings of his old life, scarred by the transition, yet hungry
for new sensations, he seeks revitalization from the blighted flower
that falls from civilization's twisted tree of knowledge.

Seven of Primordialism

Meaning: Temptation

Selfishness, Illusion, Debauchery, Addiction, Over-every-
thing, Promiscuity

Reversed: Determination, Realization

Association: Indulgence

Overwhelmed by illusionary possibilities, unable to choose
between desires, temptation's victim loses his sense of self in the
contemplation of dreams and phantasms. Responding to the forces
pulling from all directions, his awareness has transformed itself into
a glutton for sensation. Like a black hole in the universe, the
dreamer exists only in the definition of his dreams.

Eight of Primordialism

Meaning: Abandonment

Rejection, Misery, Indolence, Inertia, Limits, Depletion,
Exhaustion, Aimlessness, Retreat

Reversed: Joy, Merriment, Acceptance

Association: Stagnation

Past achievements have lost their meaning, but abandon-

ment brings with it a sense of liberation. The Primordial spirit turns
its back upon the skeletal remains of knowledge sought, savored and

35

set aside. Grasping the distillation of the essence of experience, he
sets forth upon an uncharted course, following the jagged road that
leads to the unknown.

Nine of Primordialism

Meaning: Attainment

Success, Happiness, Health, Opportunity, Expansion, Ful-
fillment, Well-being

Reversed: Imperfection, Overindulgence

Association: Completion

Devoured by the fulfillment of her wishes, she slumps before
the fruits of her attainment. The desired traps of material comfort —
sensual pleasure, abundance, well-being and happiness — all now
depend upon the black tide of her continued success. Opportunity
is assured, but satisfaction lies elsewhere.
Ten of Primordialism

Meaning: Satiety

Emotional Contentment, Vitality, Expressiveness, Energy,
Enthusiasm

Reversed: Wanting, Need, Lack

Association: Satisfaction

They dance, O how they dance! They have plunged them-
selves into the depths of their desires, surrendering to the serpentine
thythms of the danse macabre. Entrapped by their sensations, rav-
ished by their transformation into vehicles of consummate passion,
their Primordial journey is complete.

Page of Primordialism (Caul)

Meaning: Rebirth

Emotional objectivity and detachment, Controlling, Bears
messages from dreams

Reversed: Deception, Obstacle, Inaction

Association: Possession

Within the womb of Primordial emotion, a new awareness
comes into being. Nurtured by the blood of countless sacrificial
offerings, the child of raw sensation finds herself transformed into
corruption's willing servant. Mindless energy coalesces in the uter-
ine darkness, waiting for the moment of its emergence.


Knight of Primordialism (Beast)

Meaning: Emotion

Desire, Tantric practices, Passion, Bliss

Reversed: Subtlety, Fraud, Rivalry

Association: Bestiality

The Beast rides upon the waves of its own emotions, sub-
merging all thoughts of its distant humanity in the roiling seas of
Primordial subconsciousness. Both messenger and message, it car-
ries promises of bliss within its cup of dreams and nightmares.
Loosing the thrashing remnants of former desires into the hearts of
all who hear its call, it clears the way ahead for future bestial visions.

Queen of Primordialism (Barabbi)

Meaning: Imagination

Emotional integrity, Self-reflection, Unconscious, New form,
New identity, New life, Expressing oneself without blame or judg-
ment

Reversed: Perversity, Dishonesty, Immorality

Association: Perversity

Jodi Blake, imagination's queen, salutes the riot of her
cacophonous visions. Her perversity is the key to her freedom from
all limitations. In her hands, the instrument of pain becomes the
doorway to deliverance from mundane constraints. Through acting
out her desires, she makes them real, and her goblet is filled with the
distillation of these unhampered dreams.

King of Primordialism (Gilledian)

Meaning: Power

Emotional loyalty and commitment, Spontaneity, Ego, Gen-
erosity, Responsibility

Reversed: Violence, Scandal, Injustice, Weakness

Association: Vanity

From his throne room deep beneath the seas, Galarius,
Master of the Labyrinth of Drachus Vachor, watches the ripples of
his power roil throughout his watery domain. For him, the sea of the
subconscious is the font of all creation and destruction. Crowned
with the symbol of the ocean's insensate life, he holds in one hand
the scepter of his power to influence the world of thought. His other
hand supports the reflection of his subtle rule.

Chapter Five: Dynamic
(Swords/Marauders/Air)

Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,
— W.B. Yeats, "The Second Coming"

The Dynamic essence represents constant flux and restless
activity. This suit is assigned to the Marauders, whose unfathomable
goals challenge the boundaries of perceptual reality. In the tradi-
tional Tarot, this is the suit of Swords, symbols of aggressive action
whose blades sever connections and change circumstances for good
or ill. Air is the mercurial el igned to these ble cards.

Virtues: Courage, Power, Vitality

Vices: Fear, Tyranny, Chaos

Element: Air (seen as Fire by some)

Season: Fall
Ace of Dynamism

Meaning: Knowledge

Conquest, Victory, Clarity, Inventiveness, Originality

Reversed: Disaster, Tyranny, Ignorance

Association: Innovation

Emerging from the storm-filled skies to ground itself in the
rippling sands of knowledge, the taloned hand of chaos and instabil-
ity grasps the sword of activation. Driven by no quest save its own
unmotivated energy, impelled by no emotion other than the desire
to carve a mark upon the universe, the keen-edged symbol of the
power of change severs the veil that hides the secrets of the world.

Two of Dynamism
Meaning: Precariousness
Treachery, Blindness, Decision, Peace, Integrative mind
Reversed: Balance, Stalemate, Impotence, Truce, Release
Association: Resolution

Poised precariously upon the shaky structure of a divided
consciousness, Miss Zhao has chosen the path of inner sight. Reject-
ing a world she no longer recognizes, she holds aloft the twin swords
of creation and destruction. An unguarded movement by either

38

sword will cut the cord from which depends the lantern of illumina-
tion, plunging it into the murky depths of the unconscious.

Three of Dynamism

Meaning: Sorrow

Upheaval, Negativity, Triangles, Limited view, Focusing on
the past, Jealousy

Reversed: Compromise, Disorder, Confusion, Delay

Association: Separation

Severed from all save the anchoring rope of Dynamic flux,
the abused consciousness suffers the threefold agonies of its loss of
connection to spirit, mind and body. Limited by its ruptured view-
point, the dangling awareness can focus only on its past sorrows and
future upheavals.
Four of Dynamism

Meaning: Reality

Convalescence, Quiet, Conflict resolution, Truce, Rest

Reversed: Solitude, Repose, Economy, Precaution, Circum-
spection, Exile

Association: Repose

Doomed to an existence in which he perpetually defends the
constructs of imagination's realms, the self-appointed counselor of
the damned and the forgotten seeks his repose after strife. Above
Barrister Martins' quiescent form, the swords which symbolize the
rigors of the law hang suspended. He rests upon the bier of his own
reality, built — stone by stone — from his private vision. In solitude,
he keeps his lonely vigil.

Five of Dynamism

Meaning: Defeat

Degradation, Unfairness, Constriction, Fear, Distortion,
Empty victory

Reversed: Conquest, Threat, Menace

Association: Dishonor

Her victory is a hollow one, gained without honor. Smiling
in malice, she surveys the tokens of her conquest, the weapons of her
departing foes. Some inner urge compels her to wallow in the
degradation of her enemies. The uncontrolled hostility she embod-
ies takes no thought for consequences.

39

Six of Dynamism

Meaning: Passage

Journey, Travel, Rationality, Objectivity, Consideration of
the whole

Reversed: Stalemate, Failure, Obstacles, Difficulties, Delay,
Blockage

Association: Synthesis

Steering a path between the choppy waves of activity and
the calm waters of contemplation, Stephen of Warwick sets forth
upon a journey of deliverance. His charges, too frail to exist inside
reality's constraints, seek a new sanctuary beyond the world's hori-
zon. The Dynamic spirit moves upon the surface of the waters,
seeking passage to an understanding of the balance.

Seven of Dynamism

Meaning: Instability
Futility, Unreliability, Helplessness, Hopelessness, Sabo-
tage, Negativity, Lies
Reversed: Counsel, Instruction
Association: Betrayal
She walks the tightrope of Dynamic change, uncertain of
either starting point or destination. Unsteadiness prevents her from
recovering the knives of stolen knowledge she hoped would assist
her on the Path to her soul's development. To cease her forward
motion is to plummet into futility, while turning back leads only to
failure.
Eight of Dynamism
Meaning: Crisis
Indecision, Restriction, Censure, Doubt, Mistrust, Over-
analytical mind, Confusion, Interference
Reversed: Triviality, Censure, Freedom, Relaxation, Origins
Association: Captivity
Surrounded by the weapons of violent change, captured in
the twisted bonds of convoluted thought, she has become the victim
of her own demented Inquisition. The mask of indecision blinds her.
Although her mind has analyzed her options, doubt and mistrust
undermine her escape. Overwhelmed by the crisis of her dilemma,
she cannot break free of the constraints of her fevered imagination.

40


Nine of Dynamism

Meaning: Despair

Misery, Desolation, Disaster, Self-criticism, Mental cruelty

Reversed: Suspicion, Doubt, Shame, Imprisonment, Deso-
lation, Misery, Death

Association: Suffering

Nightmares of disaster haunt her sleep. Awakening, she faces
only further intimations of her desolate existence. Without hope of
respite or surcease, she rests uneasily upon the bed of her mortality,
burdened by the violent demands of her Dynamic calling. The way of
the Marauder leads as easily to despair as to enlightenment.
Ten of Dynamism

Meaning: Ruin

Pain, Fear of ruin, Mental despair, Paradox

Reversed: Advantage, Profit, Impermanence, Delusion

Association: Failure

The ruined carcass of delusion, pierced by the destructive
instruments of change, surrenders to desolation. Overseen by the
mountains of wisdom and understanding, fallen beneath the storm
which will break down its outworn forms and failures, the mind
forswears its illusions. Paradoxically, the end of one reality betokens
the beginning of another.

Page of Dynamism (Gibberer)

Meaning: Aggression

Activation, Ferociousness, Practical tangible thinking, Act-
ing upon ideas

Reversed: Naiveté, Unreadiness, Laxity, Slackness, IIIness,
Unforeseen

Association: Battle

He stands as a buffer between the world of the mind and the
concrete structures of external reality. Ready to do battle with those
who would threaten his cherished beliefs, he grasps the Dynamic
symbol of his aggression. He is imagination's sentinel, the vanguard
of active expression rather than passive thought.

41

Knight of Dynamism (Dragon)

Meaning: Impulsiveness

Courage, Intuitive thinking, Unrestricted mind

Reversed: Extravagance, Braggadocio, Romance

Association: Wrath

Descending from the cloud-filled sky, the Dragon of Dyna-
mism visits destruction upon the pitiful fruits of prideful creation,
bathing the mundane world in the flames of its purifying spirit. The
mighty serpent does not always temper its impulsive nature with the
wisdom of forethought and planning. Instead, it rushes headlong
into conflict, heedless of the consequences of its actions.

Queen of Dynamism (Sibi)

Meaning: Perception

Confidence, Rational, Objective, Consulting intelligence

Reversed: Narrow-mindedness, Intolerance, Bigotry, Arti-
fice, Prudery

Association: Observation

The visions of her bloody past merge with her perceptions of
the future. Crowned with the symbols of immortality, Medea sits
upon her skyborne throne surrounded by her airy messengers of
thought. Made wise through suffering, tempered by the knowledge
of her imperfections, she observes the world below her through eyes
maddened by the clarity of her penetrating mind.
King of Dynamism (Prankster)

Meaning: Judgment

Counsel, Wisdom, Focus, Intention, Concentration,

Reversed: Cruelty, Injustice, Barbarity

Association: Determination

Sheltered in a world of his own imaginings, Robert Daven-
port dwells within a happier time. The spirits of his past tantalize
him, while the sylph of knowledge whispers of his intentions. In his
domain, his will is absolute, his authority unquestioned. Crowned by
the roses of his desires, he contemplates immortality within his own
mind, wherein he holds command over life and death, for he has
judged reality and found it wanting.

42

Chapter Six: Pattern
(Pentacles/Technocracy/Earth)

The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned;
— W.B. Yeats, "The Second Coming"

The essence of Pattern is stability and formal structure. This
is the suit of the Technocracy, whose vision dominates the physical
world. In the traditional Tarot, this suit is assigned to Pentacles,
symbolic of earthly progress and material gain. The element of
unyielding Earth finds its representation in these cards.

Virtues: Stability, Knowledge, Strength
Vices: Inflexibility, Greed, Intolerance
Element: Earth
Season: Winter
Ace of Pattern
Meaning: Prosperity
Inheritance, Success, Production, Practical organization
Reversed: Corruption, Excess, Surplus
Association: The Syndicate

Breaking free from the aimless flux of change without direc-
tion, order imposes its Pattern upon the world. Material prosperity
becomes the center for a new beginning, stamped with the imprint
of stability and measured attainment. Hidden forces tighten their
grip on reality, casting their shadows on the shape of things to come.

Two of Pattern
Meaning: Balance
Change, Harmony, Yin/Yang, Stability, Adaptability
Reversed: Opposition, Flux, Fluctuation, Vicariousness
Association: Speculation

Without balance, Patterned existence falls prey to inner
corrosion. The lightning flash of inspiration, harnessed by the
willworker's determination, maintains spiritual and physical mani-
festations in delicate equilibrium. Only constant motion provides
the appearance of static harmony; one false step, one hasty specula-
tion, and the dance of power dissolves into chaos.

43

Three of Pattern

Meaning: Effort

Persistence, Tenacity, Priorities, Commitments, Focus, In-
tention, Direction

Reversed: Mediocrity, Pettiness, Confusion, Obstruction

Association: Construction

Superimposing a new vision upon the traditions of the
past, the artisan of order directs her talents to the mastery of her
environment. The guardians of material progress keep vigilant
watch over her painstaking effort. Under her skilled ministra-
tions, the construction of a threefold utopia of body, mind and
spirit comes into being.
Four of Pattern

Meaning: Inheritance

Greed, Solidity, Miserliness, Power, Vitality, Forcefulness,
Empowerment, Possessiveness

Reversed: Setback, Loss, Poverty, Legacy

Association: Direction

From his perch at the center of his universe, Void Engi-
neer Ambrose Channing seeks to fathom the secrets of the
cosmos and unlock the mystery of the physical world. As the
inheritor of the twin powers of logic and reason, his mind
perceives the subtle forms within the Grand Pattern of perceiv-
able reality. It is a vision worth sharing only with those worthy
of receiving its overwhelming legacy.
Five of Pattern

Meaning: Impoverishment

Destitution, Loss, Loneliness, Worry, Concern, Preoccupation

Reversed: Companionship, Success, Spirituality

Association: Anxiety :

Impoverished in mind, body and soul, the victim of the
chains of spiritless reality stands before the face of pitiless
intellect within the dark circle of his own making. Preoccupied
by his physical limitations, lacking the inner illumination that
would lift him to Ascension, he merely endures, rather than
seeking to understand.


Six of Pattern

Meaning: Philanthropy

Charity, Attainment, Accomplishment, Productivity,
Tangibility

Reversed: Avarice, Unfairness, Envy, Debt

Association: Gifts

Seeking to share the benefits of his Technocratic vision, the
devotee of Pattern whets the appetite of others with the fruits of his
own material success. Caretaker of the Sleepers, endowed with a
sense of justice and the desire to uplift the ragged Masses, the
concerned Technomancer acts as philanthropist both for the ben-
efit of the recipient and for his own sense of self-worth. His actions
are the proof of his attainment.
Seven of Pattern

Meaning: Re-evaluation

Indecision, Failure, Fear of success, Delay

Reversed: Impatience, Uncertainty

Association: Stress

His work all but complete, momentary indecision leads to
the partial loss of Chain's precious stores. Constant re-evalua-
tion of the forces surrounding him forms a necessary part of his
drive toward completion of his goals. The fear of success is as

costly as the fear of failure, and in the heat of the moment, one
can be mistaken for the other.

Eight of Pattern
Meaning: Skill
Artistry, Prudence, Attention to detail, Organization,
Centeredness
Reversed: Ineptitude, Inability, Lethargy, Chaos
Association: Employment

Centered upon his appointed task, enhanced by the grafting
of technological precision to the creative mind, the artisan of
Pattern focuses on the precise replication of his orderly designs.
Awaiting completion, the object of his perfected efforts is nothing
less than the total blend of matter and spirit.

Nine of Pattern

Meaning: Gain

Prudence, Benefit, Balance, Order, Organization, Unification

Reversed: Loss, Roguery, Dissipation, Imprudence,
Incompletion

Association: Profit

She extracts the vital essences from the lushness of her
material surroundings. Within her protected environment of abun-
dant growth, she rests secure in the knowledge that all she surveys
is under her control. Through prudence and discernment, she has
gathered the material benefits of a Patterned existence.

Ten of Pattern

Meaning: Stability

Riches, Abundance, Prosperity, Enrichment

Reversed: Misfortune, Robbery, Risk, Gambling

Association: Wealth

Raising his glass in a toast to the success of his vision, the
autocrat of Pattern sees the culmination of all for which he has so
zealously striven. His patriarchal rule ensures the material well-
being of those who embrace his orderly philosophy. Under his
ministrations, animal instinct is harnessed to the will of the mind.
Stability is assured.
Page of Pattern

Meaning: Perseverance

Diligence, Creativity, Mutation, Incubation

Reversed: Prodigality

Association: Void Engineers

Despite the barrenness of her surroundings, Void Engineer
Karen Brewster draws sustenance for her belief in the cosmic order
from the radiant energy of the stars above her. In one hand, she holds
the secret to the Pattern of the universe. Her other hand is filled with
unanswered questions. She stands upon the brink of a new aware-
ness; her diligence awaits its reward.

Knight of Pattern (Cyberknight)

Meaning: Reliability

Patience, Methodicity, Lack of imagination, Physicality,
Architect, Reform, Solidity

Reversed: Carelessness, Inertia, Idleness, Stagnation

Association: Iteration X

Within his cybernetic spirit, the reliability of the machine
enhances the ingenuity of the man to form a dedicated guardian of
Pattern. The Cyberknight of Iteration X rests patiently upon his
mechanized steed, ever vigilant and ready to assume his duties as the
enforcer and messenger for the Technocratic will.
Queen of Pattern

Meaning: Creativity

Talent, Fertility, Health, Nurturing, Stability, Fulfillment

Reversed: Neglect, Dependence, Lack, Misuse

Association: Progenitors

Creation is the task at hand. Crowned with the mask of
enlightened sight, intimately connected to the throne through
which her power flows, the Progenitor Queen of Pattern manipu-
lates the structure of life itself. Her fertile imagination conceives of
possibilities as yet unperceived; her disciplined will brings those
visions into being.

King of Pattern

Meaning: Industry

Solidity, Prosperity, Harvest, Abundance, Practicality, Fi-
nances, Diagnostician

Reversed: Perversity, Misuse, Speculation, Waste

Association: New World Order

At rest upon a throne carved from the ruins of the past,
Montego Diaz-Quetzalcoatl oversees the progress of the New World
Order's dominion. Crowned by his technological achievements, the
King of Pattern monitors the interplay of wealth and industry.
Protected by the twin guardians of knowledge and power, he has no
need to step outside his sheltered enclave. All the information he
needs is at his disposal; his rule is absolute.

47


THE FOOL.

THE MAGE.

THE HIGH PRIESTESS.

THE EMPRESS.


THE LOVERS.

THE HIEROPHANT.

THE CHARIOT.


Vill

STRENGTH.

THE HERMIT.

WHEEL OF FORTONE.

JOS TICE.


THE HANGED MAN.

TEMPERANCE.

DEATE.

THE DEVIL.


THE STAR.
THE SON.

THE TOWER.


JODGEMENT.

GAIA.




C
ZZ es, nt 2 ~~
. S SSS

PAGE oF DYNAMISM. KNIGHT oF DYNAMISM.


QUEEN oF DYNAMISM.

KING oF DYNAMISM.


|ACE oF PATTERN.



KNIGHT oF PATTERN.

PAGE oF PATTERN.


KING oF PATTERN.

QUEEN oF PATTERN.


ACE oF PRIMORDIALISM.



KNIGHT oF PRIMORDIALISM.


QUEEN oF PRIMORDIALISM.

KING oF PRIMORDIALISM.


ACE oF QOESTING. ;



WAL

aA%
aN Ara

OF O

OEST KNIGHT oF QUESTING.


QUEEN oF QUESTING. KING oF QUESTING.

