# File: The Quick and the Dead.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


Andweareall mortal
—JohnF. Kennedy

By Elizabeth Fischi


Credits

Written by: Elizabeth Fischi

Developed by: Jennifer Hartshorn and Ethan Skemp

Edited by: Laura Perkinson

Art Director: Chris McDonough, Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: James Daly, Daryll Elliott, Jason Felix, Robert
McNeill

Front Cover Art: Anson Maddocks

Front and Back Cover Design: Ash Arnett, Chris
McDonough

EY pe sure. 10

eek, 130 PARK NORTH BLVD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

»

CAME STUDIO

© 1995 by White Wolf. All rights reserved.
Reproduction without written permission of the pub-
lisher is expressly denied, except for the purpose of
reviews. Wraith: The Oblivion and The Quick and
the Dead are trademarks of White Wolf Game Stu-
dio. All names, titles, characters and text herein are
copyrights of White Wolf unless otherwise noted.

The mention of or reference to any companies or
products in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademarks or copyrights concerned.

Due to mature themes and subject matter, reader
discretion is advised.

Printed in Canada

Special Thanks To:

Ken "Electric Boogaloo" Cliffe, for knowing how to
keep the fish hopping.

Bill "Rage Across America" Bridges, for touring like
a madman.

Phil "Completely Mental" Brucato, for his sanity loss
preventing letter.

Tan "Pretty in Black, Part Two" Lemke, for getting
birdseed thrown at his now-married head.

Mike "Not Me!" Tinney, for insisting he's not going
to be PIB Part Three.

Jennifer "Many Hats" Hartshorn, for wondering what
job she's going to end up in next.

Cynthia "Developer Scouts" Summers, for shoulder-
ing part of Hierarchy.

Laura "The Huntress" Perkinson, for handling the
first three to come along.

Ethan "You Win!" Skemp, for running games for
manic developers in their darkest hours.

Author's Dedication:
To Pook and Ariel, with love.


Table ofContents

Prelude: Visiting Rights 4
Chapter One: Introduction 4
Chapter Two: The Hunters 18
Chapter Three: Character Creation 46
Chapter Four: Chronicles 72
Chapter Five: Organization Creation 80

Appendix



Prelude:

Visiting Rights

Behold the fire and the wood: but where is the lamb for a

burnt offering?
—Genesis 22:7

he solution was not an easy one, for a
number of reasons. The doctors had
counseled ardently against bringing
Isaac home. He was a catatonic schizo-
| phrenic, they argued, and he required
the constant supervision of a trained
staff. His needs could not be met by the
occasional attention of an oft-traveling family member.
When Gorasczchy balked, they warned him, their faces
masks of concern, that his son Isaac may experience fre-
quent hallucinations, and might even become violent.

But, he thought hotly, the reason for this "occasional
attention" and for all his traveling was precisely because he
was trying to help Isaac. He had to remind himself that the
doctors, with their expensive golf clubs and mahogany-
framed credentials, could not possibly understand his
motives for seeking to remove Isaac from the institution.
Having traveled the world in search of a cure for his son's
illness, he had seen many strange things, and heard tales
even stranger. Yet, even after eleven years of such exposure
—for what else could he call it? — the real cause of his son's
illness was still the most bizarre of all. How, then, could
these doctors even begin to understand why he wanted to
bring his son home?

It was a simple conversation at the Café Mandela, in
the small town of Sierra Leone, that led him to realize the
terrifying solution to Isaac's problem. Gorasczchy stopped
in Sierra Leone now and then, mostly when he needed to
rest from his constant travels. He had many acquaintances
there, numbering among the dock workers, the bartenders,
and the poets on the west side of Freetown. But of all the
places he frequented, Café Mandela was his favorite — not
because of its strangely gloomy atmosphere, which, admit-
tedly, often suited his mood, but because it was there that
he habitually met Jabal ben-Shivta— or, more accurately,
that Jabal habitually met him. Jabal had been a fixture at
the Café even three years back when it was still named Café
Torbat, the "tomb" of the African west coast. Appropri-
ately named, at that. Maybe it was the billowing nut trees
whose knotted roots fragmented the hot sidewalk and
threw the small, crowded outdoor patio into deep shade
even at noon, or perhaps it was the greasy griddle and the
cigar smoke clogging the heavy air within; or perhaps it was
all these things that gave the café a surreal cast, reminding
Gorasczchy of the spectral landscapes he walked from
vespers to matins when the usual clues would not suffice.

On that day, he shuffled into the café, exhausted after
a long sojourn through Istanbul, and noticed, little to his
surprise, that Jabal was there, seated in a dark corner, and

Paewwoe: Visirine Riguts


staring at him through the crowd. Their conversation
began as it always did, without pleasantries and without
questions.

"An old Latvian crone once told me that those who
strain to see too far beyond the horizon will go blind."
rich

Though Jabal's face betrayed no hint of emotion, h
voice seemed to smile. The mere fact of his presence w:
refreshing as the tang of a chilled African orange under the
scorching sun at midday.

"Indeed? A Sudanese wiseman once confided to me
that if he had not gone blind staring at the sun, he would

never have truly seen."

Jabal nodded, appreciating the maneuver, then ran his
palm along his dark cheek as if to signal a change of
thought. "Do you not believe that if a lioness has been
gored by her prey, then it is merciful for nature to take her
life?"

A stray recollection of his sons at birth, his wife in
shock from loss of blood, both infants blue and frighten-
ingly quiet. Are you the husband? She's hemorrhaging, Mr.
Gorasczchy. Please wait outside. "Yes, | suppose. It's better
than the alternative." Mr. Gorasczchy, I'm afraid she's
suffered massive damage to the upper...to a hospital...failing
rapidly...last respects...

Jabal's eyes reflected his own, but darker, and with an
ancient Syrian acceptance of suffering, decay, and death,

the pragmatism of which westerners would never master.
"Js it not natural for those with feet to walk, those with ears
to hear, those with eyes to see?"

Gorasczchy nodded once. "But what if those who had
feet could not walk, and those who had eyes and ears could
not see and hear?" He felt his heart skip a beat, frightened
of the conclusion that was bearing down on him, the
verdict that he was drawing like a Stygian coin from the lips
of the sage.

"Then they would be unnatural and in need of mercy.
It is a test of courage and love to practice mercy on the
suffering." Jabal stared out over the heads of the café's
patrons as he slid a smooth, cold hand over Gorascachy's
own. "Be well, brother. I will be here."

Jabal gathered his robes and rose with the grace of a
cat. He nodded to Gorasczchy and, without another word,
walked to the far end of the café and out into the merciful
shade of the nut trees. The smoke and noise inside Café
Mandela seemed to increase as he crossed the threshold.
Gorasczchy rose to take a seat outside beneath the trees.

As he stood, however, something caught his eye: a
book was sitting on the scarred chair across from him. The
volume looked to be very old — the leather binding was
dyed a deep blue, the pages were roughly cut, but had gilt
edges. In gold gothic lettering, the title read Gdstas, Feoth-
cwalu, and Ferhp-ze-riht. He picked it up; it weighed a good


five pounds. Had Jabal left this for him? Or had he simply
forgotten it? It was not like Jabal to forget things; in fact, his
recall of their many conversations was chillingly precise.
Was this, then, an offering of some sort?

That was two years ago. When he had returned to
Tennafly, at once after visiting Isaac at St. Anselm's, he
sent the book to his friend, a Classics professor at Kenyon,
for translation. The translation was not long in the coming;
Jack Ferguson was ecstatic over the rare (career-making)
find — a copy of what must have been a huge manuscript
written circa 780, during the reign of Charlemagne. The
copy itself dated from around 1628, he said, and it was in
unusually good condition. The gilt edges, an extremely rare
feature, probably indicated that the book had been a copy
produced for a nobleman of some wealth, or perhaps even
aking. Although Gorasczchy had taken some Old English
in college, he did not remember enough of it to translate
the title; Ferguson's literal translation read Spirits, Slaugh-
ter, and What is Right for the Spirit, although, he suggested,
the title might be more appropriately translated: Ghosts,
Death, and a Spirit's Just Reward.

The title immediately caught Gorasczchy's interest. In
the course of his search for a cure for Isaac, he had begun to
explore the spiritual realm. It was not a blind impulse that
led him to this avenue of inquiry; rather, his interest in the
occult stemmed from as far back as his childhood in
Rochester, New York. Over the years he had come to
realize that, if medicine could not sufficiently explain his
son's ailment, then he must seek a spiritual answer. This
belief may have been, he reflected, a natural outcome of his
Benandanti heritage — a heritage which had taught him
how to enter Ekstasis from sundown to sunup, and from
which he had evolved a natural reverence for the occult.

Isaac was Benandante, too, for Gorasczchy had man-
aged to Unhood his son at birth despite the tragedy that
came in its wake. After his wife, Sarah, and Benjamin,
Isaac's twin, had died in childbirth, he stowed his surviving
son's caul in a delicate porcelain jewelry box, one that had
been Sarah's favorite when she was alive —a poor choice,
he realized, for he now suspected that Isaac's "catatonia"
was a sort of possession, and that it was related to the
disappearance of the caul from that very box. One day, he
lifted the delicate lid of the jewelry box to look at the tiny
infant's Hood — more delicate than the porcelain he was
handling and precious enough to belong inside — and it
was simply not there. Cauls had a spiritual reflection in the
Underworld, appearing as small gossamer shrouds, but
when Gorascachy peered into the Underworld around him,
he did not see any trace of the one that had belong to Isaac.

In the following weeks, he decided to abandon the
house in which Isaac had been born — a house with too
many memories, anyway — and embark upon a search for
his son's caul. He would not sell the house, for he feared
that it was possessed by evil spirits. Instead, he boarded it
up and moved to his aunt's house in nearby Tennafly. He

began to travel, researching Benandanti history, the Un-
derworld, evil spirits, the paranormal, and a host of other
possible leads. During these travels, he kept meticulous
notes of his voyages, both physical and spiritual, of the
ghosts that he had encountered, and of the strange societies
and organizations about which he'd heard rumors.

Now, ten years into his quest, he'd been handed this
very book, written in Old English, which explained the
dangerous nature of ghosts (an observation he was inclined
to believe anyway) and how to bestow peace upon their
troubled souls. There were a number of inaccuracies, but
one chapter, written in a style that was different from the
rest, described in precise detail the symptoms of Isaac's
illness. The author went on to exhort the reader to find the
mercy in his heart to sacrifice the afflicted, for they would
be forever bereft of their souls, unless they were allowed to
become ghosts themselves to engage their possessors in a
battle for freedom. The passage concluded with a line from
Beowulf: Ure aeghwylc sceal ende gebidan worolde lifes, "Each
of us must abide the end of earthly life."

Yet, every time he guiltily considered it — it, killing
Isaac, releasing his spirit — even if in a flash of speculative
thought, he feared that he was going insane. At the same
time, he could see no alternative, and the life that Isaac was
leading now was, indeed, no life at all.

What it all came down to was the fact that he loved his
son. Though a mass of untended emotion, guilt, fear,
excitement and rage hovered around that central pillar,
nothing could change his love for Isaac. It was never his
intention to harm his son in any way. Yet, forced to choose
between the lesser of two evils, he had to determine,
ultimately, whether his son was a being of flesh or a being
of spirit. He would have to release his son from one of the
two realms, for, according to his research, Isaac's composite
life — and this was one hypothesis the doctors had gotten
right — would eventually lead him to violent behavior and
dangerously unfettered emotion.

Thus, that night he left his son at St. Anselm's for the
last time and drove past their old house on King's View
Road, east into the rising darkness. When he arrived at
Briarwood Lane, the cul-de-sac on which his old two-story
Tudor sat — the old, hated house where his wife and son
had died, where Isaac's soul had slipped away — he felt an
unbidden apprehension rising, as if the whole street were
glaring at him, the unwelcome stranger. He would return
here tomorrow night with Isaac and end the trial they had
been enduring for these past twelve years.

The following night, he parked his Toyota at the very
end of the street, away from the yellow pools of light the
lamps cast upon the pavement. The street was quiet, save
for the muted clanking of cookware being cleared from
dinner tables and handwashed in kitchen sinks. Gorasczchy
carefully lifted Isaac out of the car; like a lamb, Isaac
slouched mutely in his father's arms, oblivious to the dark,

Prewuoe: Visine Rigas a


i ~
the cold, even to Gorasczchy's presence. Gorasczchy crept
down the street to his old property, then slipped around to
the back of the house as quietly as he could. The lawn was
full of weeds and overgrown, and the dry autumn leaves
crackled under his feet as he walked, but he was sure no one
had heard him. He set Isaac down gently, turned on his
flashlight, and climbed the stairs to the deck. Stepping
carefully over rotted beams, he reached the plywood board
that sealed the sliding doors to the house. The deck was an
addition he had put on himself, over Sarah's protests —she
had argued that it would ruin the Tudor's "lines." At the
moment, it was the easiest and most private means to gain
entrance. He needed to get Isaac inside out of the cold
wind, and to prepare him for his release.

The nails holding the plywood were stubborn, yielding
only millimeter by millimeter. The wind picked up as
Gorasezchy worked, and, although the Tudor sheltered the
deck tosome extent, it was not enough to keep Gorasczchy's
fingers from quickly growing numb. There wasa part of him
that wanted to abandon the whole thing, to pick Isaac up
and carry him back to the car, and sleep at King's Hill in a
warm house with his newly reunited family nearby. Twelve
years had been a long time. While he couldn't claim to
know his son, for Isaac almost never spoke (and when he
did, it was sometimes ina foreign language), he loved Isaac
for being the legacy of the union between himself and
Sarah. His son was a reminder of better times, and he had
the potential within him to create those times again, ifonly
Gorasezchy could free him. With redoubled effort,
Gorasezchy yanked at the nail and slowly pulled it free of
the wood. Suddenly he was rocked by guilt and fear, as
though he were opening a forbidden tomb; but, if it was,
indeed, a tomb that he was entering, it was one into which
he had to release Isaac.

When the last of the nails yielded, the plywood board
swung free of the sliding doors. Gorasczchy leaned it
against the deck railing, found the key to the door, un-
locked it, and slid it open. Lifting Isaac, he entered what
was once the dining room. The house smelled musty and
damp, and somehow it was even colder indoors than it was
out in the wind. Gorasczchy did not mind the cold, how-
ever. He was thinking of old times, of his marriage, the way
the house had looked when he and Sarah first moved in.
"See, Isaac," he said, turning around to give his unseeing
son a better view. "This is where your mother and I used to
eat dinner and talk about what we would do when we had
you." He pointed the flashlight into the dust-shrouded
living room, beyond which was the hall that led to the
baby's room. "And there's where you used to sleep."

When Gorasezchy carried Isaac into his old room, the
memories of playing with Isaac as an infant, the wondering
eyes, the clumsy smiles, the grumpy pouts, the little fist
squeezing his finger with more strength than he would have
thought possible, all came flooding back. He stood there for
a moment, forgetting the son he now held in his arms, the

Tue Quick ano THe Dean

possession, the fact that he was about to follow Isaac into
the Underworld to help destroy the ghost who had stolen
his caul.

The large crib that he and Sarah had purchased for the
twins wasstill there. When he moved out, Isaac was already
inSt. Anselm's, and his wife and Benjamin dead; Gorasczchy
hadn'thad the optimism to take the crib with him. Butnow
he realized that Isaac would probably still fit in it. He put
his son down and unlatched the rail, then picked him up
again and stretched him out on the soft, musty mattress. As
he set the rail back in place, he thought that now, Isaac
looked less an infant than a prisoner.

Before he could begin to consider anew what he was
doing, he pulled a plastic bottle from his coat pocket and
tapped out eleven green tablets. Phemerol, 100 milligrams
each. A fatal dosage for an adult was 800 to 1,000 milli-
grams of the barbiturate; he wanted no room for error. He
would send Isaac gently into a realm where half of him
already dwelled.

The winds howled in Isaac's ears, and strange words
began to reverberate through his mind, snatches of poetry
recited by others who had run across him in this tempest,
or fragments of conversation he'd heard unseen ghosts
whispering one to another. The voices in his mind grew
louder until they seemed to coalesce into a command that
echoed repeatedly through his head like a chant: Preventit.
Prevent IT. PREVENT IT. A frightening image of an
ancient ghost with tawny eyes appeared in his mind.

The winds began to recede, the nightmare shapes
becoming nebulous and his human senses returning. Usu-
ally, touch and hearing came first, then smell, and finally
sight. This time, though, he felt an unaccustomed sensa-
tion in his mouth first, a strong, bitter taste coating his
tongue and the back of his throat. His stomach also felt
strange, sending a flash of cold panic to his brain. Though
his mind was racing, he began to breathe heavily and
slowly, his heart straining to push blood to his head. Isaac
felt his father's hand on his own, its warmth flooding his
body. His father's other hand covered Isaac's eyes, and the
warmth began to seep into him there, too. His body felt
heavier than it had ever felt in his waking moments.

"Isaac?" His father's voice trembled with an emotion
Isaac could not identify. "You still with me, kid? There's
something I must tell you." A pause. Isaac summoned all his
strength, the way he would when he tried to comprehend
the confusing mass of voices and impressions on the Other
Side. Feebly, he squeezed his father's hand. Returning the
gesture, his father said, "Kid, I'm releasing you, and I'm
going to help you find the bast — evil spirit — that did this
to you, and we're going to get even with him, hear me, kid?
We're going to get even. This time I'm following you.
We're going to confront this sunufabitch and we're going
to send him straight to Hell." He paused again, sounding


unsteady, unsure whether he had an audience. "That's it.
Keep your eyes closed. Sleep. It's OK. I'm going to meet you
in a moment, and you can show me where it is you go."

Isaac felt himself drifting off, no longer perceiving the
unfamiliar smell of the room or the chill of the air. His
senses faded and, as they did, the voice returned, screech-
ing like a banshee, PREVENT IT, PREVENT IT! Around
him was a whirlwind of distorted faces, all the usual
faire...except one. In the distance, he caught a glimpse of
a face that was different from the rest. It stared at him from
afar, obscured now and then by the contorted limbs and
faces that flew by like a roiling stormcloud. The face
seemed familiar somehow, as if he had known the person at
some point in the distant past. He started toward it before
it could disappear.

At that moment, a female figure stepped out of the
same nightmare mass like a queen onto a royal dais, her
persona a regal blend of composure and strength. She wore
an odd expression on her face, as if she knew who he was.
Isaac did not recognize her, but he recognized the glint of
angerand madness in her eye. He had looked upon Spectres
before, their faces masks of fury, their wills, daggers that
sparked from their gleaming eyes. There was no reason in
them, only the desire to destroy; he could converse with
them, but words, however elaborate or soothing, were to
them simply tools of destruction.

The Spectre floated toward him, and he backed away
— his familiarity with Spectres no impediment to fear.
Behind her, he again caught a glimpse of the face that
somehow seemed familiar. The owner, hands fending off
the dark spirits within the whirling cloud, was trying
unsuccessfully to breach the storm to reach him. The
shades circled above him like vultures around carrion,
dipping closer and closer with each successive swoop, theit
nebulous forms radiating the cold black phosphorescence
of the blasphemous pit they called home. Like sharks, when
one had caught the scent of blood, others soon followed,
and then still others, until there was a flurry of more than
forty of them circling the stranger. Oddly, the stranger did
not seem to be frightened, as most spirits were who came
from Outside. This gave Isaac confidence. He wanted to
call out to him, but knew that he would not be heard above
the Tempest's fury. Meanwhile, the female Spectre, only a
few yards from Isaac, paid no heed to the stranger, either
because she had not noticed him, or because she considered
him to be beneath her notice.

A mistake. The dark figure loomed larger behind her,
ignoring the horned tentacles lashing out from the shades,
and brushing away those that landed on him like mosqui-
toes prepared to quench their thirst. This was not the figure
that Isaac had glimpsed at first; this was someone powerful,
someone fearless.

Suddenly, the Spectre glanced past Isaac, her fury
evident on her face, and in her clenched fists. Isaac glanced

behind him and saw a third figure, but could not make out
who it was.

"My God, Isaac," it cried. "Isaac— it's me, your father!
Get out of here!" The obscured figure behind him moved
closer until Isaac recognized his father's face. "This place
will kill us!" Even as he said it, Isaac noticed the small,
oozing tentacle wounds that the shades had inflicted on
him. He was hunched over, exhausted by the exertion of
remaining on his feet, teeth chattering from the cold.

Isaac ran to him, fleeing the Spectre who held out her
arms and continued to approach like an inescapable night-
mare. He clung to his father, not knowing what else to do.

"Isaac, Isaac," Gorasczchy said, returning the embrace,
"...you let me down!" Isaac looked up at his father, puzzled,
then shocked. His face had changed its shape, becoming
that of the female Spectre. She had her arms wrapped
tightly about him now, and he could not extract himself.
The other Spectre was still approaching, and behind her,
the dark, powerful figure. His captor backed away, caress-
ing Isaac's head, and licked her lips. She bent down to hiss
in his ear, "My love, your father is mine. The wretch has
stolen your body from you; now | will steal his soul from
him!"

eee

Had Isaac spent his childhood in this bleak pit?
Gorasczchy could not help but wonder what his minor
oversight had cost his son.

He could just barely see Isaac ahead of him, embraced
by one of the fiends that lived in this hellish underworld.
It was clear that Isaac had his caul with him. How he'd
obtained it, Gorasczchy did not know, but it was as if Isaac
had never been Unhooded, for the opaque caul covered his
entire head like a hood on a falcon. Gorasczchy knew that
he had to remove the Hood so that Isaac could see; if he
could do that, then he could guard the caul safely this time.
But was it not said that the transition into death provided
the traveler with a second caul, the caul of death? In vain,
Gorasczchy sifted through vague memories of years of
research.

But first he had to tend to his own wounds. He needed
rest, despite his desire to help Isaac, but his time here was
limited, for he could only stay in spirit form until sunup.
Longer than that, and he would be trapped here
indefinitely...but perhaps that was a small price to pay for
a mistake that had cost Isaac his childhood.

With increasing anxiety, Gorasczchy realized that the
Spectres' predatorial circles were tightening in anticipa-
tion of the kill. Though he had had no time to rest, he
considered running after Isaac, when suddenly a dark
figure, seemingly untouched by the evil spirits around it,
strode past Gorasczchy and stopped. It was eight feet tall
and wore a black cloak with a deep, cowled hood, the edges
of which the wind licked gently. Wisps of gossamer mate-
tial trailed behind it, falling lightly to the ground as it drew

Paewwoe: Visirine Riguts §


toa halt, a subtle reminder of the figure's spiritual nature,
even though it seemed more solid than anything Gorasczchy
had yet seen in the Tempest. Too weak even to hail the
stranger, Gorasczchy simply stared and gripped the rood he
had carried with him into this den of fiends, an article of
faith the ancient Benandante Jean-Paul Baptiste had loaned
him for this occasion.

The shadowed hood swung toward him, revealing the
clenched jaw and slender features of an aged woman. A
large, knotted hand pointed at his rood. "Put that away. It
is useless here." She made a sharp gesture, and the rood flew
from Gorasczchy's hand as if yanked by some unseen force.
"Give me your hand." Her voice was powerful and low, like
the rumble of a lioness.

Although Gorasczchy was not terribly inclined to
obey, neither was he strong enough to resist. The ghost
bent to retrieve him, swinging him onto her back as easily
as if he were a child. In that moment, the circling shades,
bereft of their prize, shrieked with jealous rage. Without a
backward glance, the ghost started walking again, moving
with long, confident strides toward Isaac and his captor.

Gorasczchy, weak and frightened, clung to the ghost's
chill essence. As if sensing his emotions, the ghost whis-
pered, "Fear not, mortal. | shall retrieve your son, whom
you have sentenced to this world, and I shall care for him.
1 wish him no harm." Before Gorasczchy could reply, she
added, "And I will hold his caul for him this time."

Gorasczchy was startled by how much she seemed to
know. Could the Underworld have spies? Among the
Benandanti, ghosts were notorious for their wickedness
and cunning; could this somehow be a ruse, a dangerous
game of wits, the stakes of which were his son's soul?

"And why should I trust you?" he finally replied.

"I am a Ferryman," she stated simply. "If you do not
trust me, you may try your luck with the thirsty shades who
have gathered to feed on you. But by my word, your son will
be safe, even if you are sent screaming into Oblivion."

Made nervous by her reply, Gorasczchy decided he
would play the game more carefully until he felt stronger.
"Please, you must understand: it would help me if you
would explain why that ghost has abducted him," he said,
pointing weakly to Isaac's captor, who was backing away as
if preparing to bolt.

"T will tell you if you promise one thing."

Here it is, thought Gorasczchy, here is where she
attempts to make her unholy pact with me. With much
misgiving, he asked, "And what is that?"

"You must bind your caul with the promise to come to
my assistance whenever | hail your spirit," she replied, her
voice the rumbling purr of a panther.

Gorasczchy almost laughed. "You ask a great deal,
don't you think?"

Gorasczchy felt the ghostly shoulder muscles ripple
beneath him as she shrugged and looked behind them,

Tue Quick ano THE Deap

where the shades continued to circle. "I will leave youhere,
then, to ponder the answers to your own questions." She
started to let Gorasczchy drop to the ground, but he clung
to her like a child. "What, do you not wish to think on it,
then?" her voice mocked him.

Curbing his anger, he managed to deflect the question.
"What sort of ‘assistance' do the Dead require? Corrupting
the innocent? Damning the weak?"

Her silent laughter was like the wind rustling dry
leaves. "Nothing of the sort, my naive Benandante. You
have much to learn."

Starting into an effortless run, she decreased the dis-
tance between them and Isaac's captor. "I am a Ferryman,"
she whispered, and the winds seemed to pick up her words,
hissing them as if in chorus. "We help ghosts, not harm
them...and rarely do we have truck with mortals. We
neither corrupt nor damn. We patrol this Tempest for the
lost and guide the unlost to their destinations. The assis-
tance I ask of you is aid only the Quick can give: there is
information that is available only in the Skinlands —
excuse me, in the world of the living — that will be useful
in our fight against these fiends." She nodded in the
direction of Isaac's fleeing captor.

"And how do I know that what you're saying is the
truth?"

"My actions must speak for themselves. But, if you are
still unsure after we retrieve your boy, | will ensure that his
caul is properly removed a second time, and then I will
return it to you and instruct you on its safekeeping."

Gorasczchy sensed sincerity in the ghost's promise, but
was not won over. His sapienza had told him again and
again not to trust the Dead, that they could appear to be
honest even while they seethed with deceit. That they put
mortals in precisely this position and then betrayed them
was common knowledge. Yet, the Ferryman — ifsuch titles
really existed and she was not lying to him about that, too
— had promised to free Isaac, and he had few other alter-
natives. Until she delivered his son, he would notmake any
promises, but neither would he pose any hindrances.

{will wait to observe your actions, then."

The Ferryman nodded and pushed forward, slowly
gaining on the ghost that ran before them. None of the
spirits in this "Tempest," as she called it, seemed to want to
confront the Ferryman directly, although the cowardly
beasts would lash out at Gorasczchy from behind as she
passed through cloud after cloud of the creatures.

After what seemed like hours of running, the Ferryman
finally caught up to the fiend. Gorasczchy glimpsed Isaac's
caul, placed over his head like a sack and tied around his
neck with some ethereal substance. He looked like a
prisoner of war as he was marched off to be shot in the head.
His captor held his wrists firmly behind him and shoved
him forward, desperately fleeing the Ferryman with her
quarry. Gorasczchy knew that the caul was obscuring


c's perception of this place; he certainly didn't recog-
nize Gorasczchy, and seemed, even, to be frightened of
him.

But the Ferryman did not stop to consider Isaac. As
soon as she was close enough, she allowed Gorasczchy to
slip to the ground, where he lay unable to move. As she
lifted her long arms above her head, the sleeves of her cloak
fell back to reveal heavy scars. White mist rose from the
ground, parting the Tempest's miasma and envelopingher,
hy, Isaac, and the Spectre in an opaque shell.
hhy could see neither the Spectre nor Isaac any
longer, but an unearthly howl of rage echoed around him,
sending a chill down his spine. He heard movement, then
a terrible rending sound, and he feared that Isaac had been
hurt. But all he could see was the Ferryman's receding
figure. Tottering to his feet, he staggered after her, groping
blindly in the thick white mist.

His heart pounding, he ventured a bit further.

Silence.

A bit further

Suddenly, a huge black talon ripped through the mist
and came toward him. He couldn't react. It sunk into his
chest and jerked away, tearing off a huge chunk of flesh.

In shock, he fell backward, howling, pressing his hands
over his wounded gut. The looming black figure of the
Ferryman appeared indistinctly and the talon coiled back
through the mist toward her. Gorasczchy wondered whether
he would remain here if he died in this moment.

And then he noticed another black figure, identical in
appearance to the Ferryman, approaching through the mist
from his left. It gave a demonic hiss and its tawny eyes flared
with balefire. "Leave the mortal. He is mine."

The other whipped its talon around to strike, but the
first Ferryman raised an arm and the talon fell lifeless to the
ground. "Sssssarah....leave this game to me. lam the better
sssuited for it."

Sarah? That was his wife's name, but it had to be mere
coincidence. Perhaps it was another Sarah. Perhaps he was
in shock, just imagining this.

"No, Jabal, they are both mine...you cannot take
everything from me twice." A vile green fluid like vomit
shot from the hood of the Ferryman on Gorasczchy's right.
A drop of it spattered onto Gorasczchy's hand, hissing and
popping. He brushed it away quickly as it began to eat
through his skin like acid. The figure on his left was not so
quick; a stream of fluid struck the Ferryman's hood, melting
the cloth and scarring her face.

Gorasczchy could not understand what was going on.
First the name Sarah, then Jabal — Jabal ben-Shivta? This
must be some sort of hallucination. Perhaps Gorasczchy
was dying, after all. He glanced downathis bloody shirt and
hands, and felt panic rising. It could not be Jabal...Jabal
was not eight feet tall and he did not have a woman's voice.


Despite her injury, the scarred Ferryman continued to
bargain. "Give me my ssssson, and I give you your husssband.
That'ssss what you want, after all."

Gorasczchy blinked. Her son? What did she mean "her
son?" Perhaps this was the ghost of a schizophrenic, some-
one who didn't quite have it together in life and still didn't
in death. But what about this ‘Sarah?

The "Sarah" Ferryman circled closer to Gorasczchy
through the mist, moving Isaac just barely into sight. He
was uninjured, and stood placidly, as if he could not hear
what was going on.

"You may have given me Isaac, but you took him away
again, and Zeke and Benjie along with him, you murderer.
You murdered me! You betrayed Isaac! | will not bargain
with my killer!" With that, the shade's solid body melted
into a seething dark form that seemed to swallow the
ambient light. Gorasczchy was pulled into it, his body
inching across the ground toward the spectral thing as if
being sucked by a vacuum. Droplets of his blood rolled,
then began to fly, horizontally into the dark circle. Isaac
disappeared into it. The fringes of his dark cloak whipping
toward the form, "Jabal" also began to inch closer to her.

Gorasczchy strained to resist, but the more he struggled,
the weaker he became. He was losing blood — or what
passed for blood here in the Underworld — quickly now.
He made one last desperate attempt to pull away, but failed.
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a white flare cut through
the encompassing mist, then he lost consciousness.

eee

The bright shock of self-consciousness flooded
Gorasczchy's brain, a split second of absolute solipsism in
which he felt as if the world existed only because he was
aware of it. The world was white — pure, perfect, painted
white. It was smooth, abstract, flawless, seeming immate-
rial, of spirit rather than substance.

Then Gorasczchy came to, his mind grasping the
whiteness, understanding it to be a ceiling. There was an

edge, a gray line indicating a boundary, then a wall, thena
black form against the wall...

A black form!

His vision cleared...the shape, he realized as it came
into focus, was a hospital nurse. He sighed with relief. The
sound drew the nurse's attention, and she walked over to
his bed.

"Mr. Gorasczchy, you're awake! How are you feeling?"

Gorasczchy found himself unable to respond. A hor-
rible pain in his stomach seemed to suck the breath from his
lungs.

"That's OK. Just relax." The nurse picked up a clip-
board from the table next to his bed. "You know, you're
lucky to be alive. They haven't found that psychopath yet,
but you'll be one of the first to know when they do."

What psychopath? What was she talking about?
Gorasczchy groaned. "Isaaaac..."

"Shhh, shhh, Mr. Gorasczchy. Just lie still." The nurse
smoothed his bedsheets, then turned to fill a glass with
water.

"What happened...to Isaac?" Gorasczchy gasped.
"Isaac!"

The nurse kept her back to Gorasczchy. "Someone
needs to talk to you about him, don't they?" she mumbled
and shook her head. Then, turning around, she said more
brightly, "Someone left you a get-well note. It's right here.
Would you like to look at it?"

Gorascechy managed a nod. The nurse put on a fake,
bright smile, as she opened the envelope and handed him
the note.

It did not look anything like a get-well card. The
handwriting was strange; the letters were carefully scribed,
as though the author had written in a language that was
foreign to him, yet the note also looked to have been hastily
scrawled.


Gorasczchy read the note, folded it carefully and
returned it to the nurse, who slid it back into the envelope.
Isaac — alive? "Ferrymen" and "Dopplegangers?" Was any
of this really true?

The nurse placed the envelope beside Gorasczchy's
bed along with the glass of water, and left to continue her
rounds. Alone now, Gorasczchy lay and pondered his
situation. He could not move for the burning pain that
seared across his chest and stomach. His right hand wasalso
scarred, as if the flesh had been eaten away. What had
happened to him in the Underworld? And how did the
events there resonate through to this physical realm? How
much power did the Spectre truly have?

Those Dopplegangers— were they Sarah and Jabal, or
was that an illusion? Were the spirits using those names just
to wound him further? If, in fact, that Spectre had been
Sarah, what had caused her to become so twisted, so evil?
Was Isaac really his son, or was that, too, a lie? What had
the Spectre named Jabal done to the ghost of Sarah? And
could he trust this "Hektor?"

Finally, and perhaps most importantly, What had his
life become?

Slowly, an answer came to him, although he
sure if he should dare to believe it: His life
more, and nothing less, than a tribute to death
to that final descent into a new reality. Even as he lived, he
was slowly dying, and with each moment, his knowledge
grew, knowledge, surely, that would stay with him when his
physical body ceased to function, when he finally crossed
death's inevitable door. In the meantime, his life had
become a process of information harvesting, a rite of
passage that, like the most profound of rituals, demanded a
blood apart of
living. he had won visiting rights to the surface,
but he realized now that his life was not his own. Nor
any mottal's.
With that thought still lingering in the edges of his
mind, Gorasczchy drifted into a deep, dreamless sleep.



NG Se Pre ee ATS

Chapter One:
Introduction

ust as the Quick have pioneers of space,
time, and matter, so they have pioneers of
the spirit. Since the first dark discovery of
their own mortality, human beings have
been fascinated by the world of the spirit
Through us, they have sought to under-
stand their relation to the universe
Through us, they have sought to escape the inevitability of their
own demise. We represent humankind's deepest fears, as well
as their highest hopes — the threat of Oblivion and the promise
of eternal life. Because our very nature resonates with the
profoundest impulses within the human psyche, itis only natural
that mortals want to use our existence as a tool to plumb those
depths, to discover themselves.

This book is a compilation of the knowledge I have gathered
about those living spirit-pioneers. In it, you will discover that
many of them are dangerous — foes who misunderstand us,
and, I am afraid, foes who understand us only too well. But not
all are foes; many of those who establish contact with the
Underworld seek knowledge, or power, or forgiveness for the
wrongs they have done an inhabitant here. Their reasons are as
many and varied as ours for what we do.

Read this, then, and understand.

— The Ferryman Regina

Howto Use This Book

pee) here are many forces at work in the
2 ‘ World of Darkness, forces that wish
Mi to uncover or put to final rest the

\ SS) j) secrets of the Underworld, for rea-
ig [e j| sons as varied as the hunters who
N Soe) comprise them. The Quick and the
Dead paints a portrait of these hunt-
ers, their organizations, and their stories. From
parapsychologists, Victorian spiritualists, modern
channelers and secret government agents to religious
hunters, foes and worshippers, The Quick and the Dead
pierces the veil covering those whose eyes pierce the
Fog. Using this book, you can create "pioneers of the
spirit" to play in your own story settings, or to use as
background characters or organizations in your ongoing
chronicles. Sidebars offer interesting trivia and addi-
tional information on individual hunters and
organizations.

Cunpten One: [nrrooucrion 15
ad
= age >>). aa
A gE Cage
es ON ARE Veo ~


rs eee we" ee
Playing a hunter rather than an all-powerful crea-
ture of the Underworld is a challenge. Mortal hunters
must depend primarily upon their deductive and reason-
ing abilities rather than upon an ability to Castigate
their way out of the Inferno, and this requires skill,
intelligence, and patience on the part of the player.
Ultimately, however, it is a rewarding experience.
Playing the hunter will allow you to explore the world of
the Dead one tantalizing discovery at a time. You will be
able to participate in the drama of the Restless from the
other side — your own side. You may even have the
chance to plumb the depths of your own mortality. And
if you are a Storyteller, you can add richness and depth
to your chronicle by involving the Quick in deep plots
So what are you waiting

and tangled emotional drama
for? Let the hunt begin...

The Players

BFP) aswraiths form organizations based
upon common goals or experiences,

{\| so too do the wraith-seeking Quick,
be they hunters, scholars, politicians,
Ai\ or hedonists. Organizations formed
9) for the purposes of contacting, hunt-
Be ing, or destroying the Restless may be
rigidly or loosely structured, they may be exclusive, or
may accept entities other than humans into their ranks.
Necromancy, immortality, exotic pleasure, self-discov-
ery, and mere curiosity are some of the common
organizing principles around which wraith-hunters rally.

Organizations dedicated to such goals bestow many
benefits upon these "club members": physical, psycho-
logical, and financial support, library privileges, weapons,
ghost traps, an oral or written tradition of knowledge,
enhanced experience, contacts, atmosphere, and even
just good company. Still, members also consistently
complain of problems, ranging from red tape, oppressive
hierarchy, egos, selfishness, and favoritism to heretics,

traitors, and spies. Ther
that, like cults, refuse to allow members to leave or even
to retire. Because of this benefit-to-disadvantage ratio,
organizations can fuel a good deal of dramatic conflict,
whether players play members of these hunting clubs, or
the Storyteller creates them as antagonists, interests, or
background characters.

are even some organizations


The following four chapters detail some better-
known organizations of the wraith-seeking Quick in the
World of Darkness. Grouped according to the funda-
mental, or stated, goal of each organization, the
descriptions of these "clubs" provide a brief history,
membership criteria, and other data relevant to the
creation of members for play. Keep in mind, however,
that most social constructs are malleable and thus these
descriptions should be considered clay in the hands of
the Storyteller. (If you want to create organizations of
your own, see Chapter 5: Organization Creation.) Re-
member, too, that members sometimes find themselves
piercing the facade constructed by their organization
only to discover some very ugly truths.

Cunpten One: Intropuction V7



SE mae oe L ~ UL . a 7

Chapter Iwo:
The Hunters

One must restrain a violent spirit, and keep it within
bounds, and trustworthy to men, pure in its ways.
— "The Seafarer," an Old English poem

© some extent, all those who seek out
wraiths are "hunting" them. However,
the organizations that actively "hunt"
wraiths generally either intend to de-
| stroy them or do not care if they are
destroyed. Such organizations differ
from those who interact with ghosts
without harming them.

The Knowledge Seekers

am happy to report that not all those who
contact the Restless have destructive in-
tentions. Many simply wish to learn more
about the spirit world before they condemn
y| it. I am not saying that every such "seeker
of knowledge" studies the Underworld
without prejudice, just that they carry a
spark of trust, however small, in their hearts, and this prevents
them from blindly annihilating anything remotely equated with
aghost. — E.G.

While organizations devoted to understanding the
Underworld — and sometimes the occult in general —
differ in many ways, they nevertheless share an apprecia-
tion of the information gleaned from contact with it.

Sometimes these organizations work together to discover
occult lore; more often, however, they either compete with
one another, or remain ignorant of other seekers' current
projects.

Most knowledge-seeking organizations have complex
motivations for hunting the Restless and may ultimately
use their knowledge for some purpose, whether good or ill.
For the time being, however, knowledge is their primary
goal. Described here are the most cohesive, and therefore
the most successful, of the knowledge-seeking organiza-
tions of ghosthunters.

The Benandanti

Toward the end of the first millennium, a large per-
centage of Italian Gypsy babies were born with their cauls
still intact, traditionally a sign that the child would be
blessed with good fortune, precognition, protection from
harm, or the ability to communicate with the dead.
Benandanti history records that the large Gypsy family
Maldonati discovered that the caul was a mule-vi; it could
grant even greater powers than those with which it was
traditionally associated.

The Maldonati soon became Padroni del Amnio, Mas-
ters of the Caul, from whom anyone, Gypsy and gorgio
(outsider) alike, could learn their secrets — for a price.

Cuarren Two: Tue Hunters 19
ES, : at . aS es
AN et fPeS pb, mw wie TM «>
AR & pm ice 4G OO® pith +
SS WA Ae f Yet ™ MZ. ZL ag me Ts <


Because the knowledge became so highly prized in Italy
among those few who believed in the power of the caul, the
price of such knowledge became incrementally steeper,
until the Padroni commanded slavelike apprenticeships
and complete loyalty from anyone wishing to learn how to
use his caul. Naturally, such abuse of power led to great
animosity and set the stage for an inevitable revolt.
The Maldonati family had grown too powerful, its
fortunes rivaling the riches of the feudal lords through
whose lands its vardos (wagons) passed. Because of the
Padroni's great wealth and proud heritage, few nobles cared
to involve themselves in Gypsy matters (who were not, in
any case, considered part of the feudal hierarchy), and thus
the mistreatment of Padroni apprentices usually went un-
contested and largely unnoticed.
In the thirteenth century, however, a discontented
group of fifteen Maldonati apprentices, under the guidance
of "Paolo," an old man who had learned the totality of
Padroni wisdom, fled the caravan to the cold foothills of
the Lombardian Alps. These were the first Benandanti,
vagabonds related only by the virtue of their cauls. Once
there, the Benandanti formed a small commune among the
agricultural peasantry, where they could learn from Paolo
in peace. But this peace did not last long.

With their departure, the losses suffered by some
Maldonati bands (kumpaniyi) had been staggering. Even if
they had not taken a financial loss, the Gypsies would not

\\

PANS
NARI

have appreciated being outswindled by gorgios. Conse-
quently, a number of Maldonati Padroni banded together
to form hunting parties at every change of season (when
their magic was at its height) to try to collect their "goods."
To protect themselves from Gypsy magics, the Benandanti,
just before vacating a town, would start rumors that streghe
(witches) and stregoni (warlocks) were on the prowl. The
peasants, seeing the strange and colorful Padroni hunting
parties entering their peaceful hamlets, were often hostile
to the Gypsies, and thereby won some time for the
Benandanti to escape. From these early encounters be-
tween the "evil" stregoni and the strange but benevolent
benandanti, superstitions about their cyclical battles be-
came a part of the fabric of traditional European folklore.

Word of the Maldonati offshoot spread, and soon
fledgling Benandanti were apprenticed by Benandanti, not
Padroni, mentors. The power of the Maldonati family
waned as the relative might of the Benandanti grew. Their
small communes spread throughout areas of Italy where
there was knowledge of the caul, and where the dangers of
being seen as an organized pagan cult in an imperialistic
Christian society were minimal. But the Benandanti could
not evade the eyes of the proselytizers forever. In the early
sixteenth century, a battle between the Benandanti and
the dwindling Maldonati erupted and drew the attention of
the Inquisition. The questioning began, resulting in a
gradual devolution of the image of the Benandanti in the

scl

VW ANAOALG


ee ee ee ee eee eee ae a a eS a oe)

minds of the peasantry from agricultural saviors and occult
physicians to corrupt orgiasts and devil-worshippers. As a
consequence, the Benandanti, like many other sects and
belief groups of that day, were forced to go underground in
order to continue to exist, but were fortunate in that the
fury of the Inquisition had reached its peak before they
were drawn into its tempest.

Inmany ways, today's Benandanti resemble theirname-
sake — "vagabonds" or "good walkers" — even more than
their ancestors. Theirs is a loose organization, based more
around familial or collegial ties than any formal or profes-
sional relationship. Leadingsolitary lives, many Benandanti
wander the globe and the Underworld in search of them-
selves — the secrets that their cauls contain and the
meaning of life after death. While many of them meet to
exchange knowledge at the Ymbrendag Councils (also
known as the Raduni — see below), many more have not
even heard of them. There are forces, both Quick and
Dead, that would keep the Benandanti — and the power
that, if united, they represent — from hearing about these
meetings, for their isolation is the key to their defeat.

Ymbrendag Council

Despite their lack of organization, many Benandanti
try to meet during the Ember Weeks to exchange informa-
tion and to socialize with others of their kind. These
meetings are known among English-speaking Benandanti
as the Ymbrendzeg Councils, and elsewhere as the Raduni,
or Gatherings. The Ember Weeks constitute the weeks:

© Starting on the first Sunday in Lent

© Starting on Whitsuntide (beginning with Pente-
cost)

© Including or immediately following September 14

Including or immediately following December 13

Councilsare usually informal affairs, sometimes reach-
ing an attendance of twenty, but most often hovering
around ten. Wherever Benandanti find it convenient to
meet, they hang their traditional flag of gilded white
ermine, symbolic of wisdom and purity.

Entrance Criteria

The only way to become a Benandanti is to be born
with a caul and be Unhooded by another Benandanti,
traditionally called a sapienza (although many English-
speaking Benandanti call this mentor-figure a Wisdom). A
complicated ritual, the Unhooding is typically performed
only on babies born with cauls who are relations of the
sapienze. Centuries ago, the Padroni performed Unhoodings
on adults, but this is rare nowadays. Once Unhooded, the
fledgling Benandante (or novizio) becomes the responsibil-
ity of the sapienza until the age of twenty.

The Caul

The one thing that separates the Benandanti
from the rest of humanity is that we are Unhooded,
ind this allows us to see through the Shroud that
obscures the mysteries of the afterlife, and some-
times even to enter the Underworld itself. Do not
be confused by the difference between our cauls
and the Cauls of the Dead. Symbolic of life itself,
linging

ours are pieces of vitality, of life essence

tousevenas we are bornand begin to die. I believe
that the Cauls of the Dead, on the other hand, are
pieces of the Shroud char cling tothe soulotot
fledglin;
vent these ghosts from seeing into the Underworld,

rosts. These Cauls, until removed,

inducing a dreamlike state similar to that which
kstasis,

before passing through the Shroud.

we erience during we meditate

E.G., excerpt from the proceedings of the
Autumnal Raduno, Nemi, Italy, 1995

Attitude

The majority of the Benandanti are divided into two
general schools of thought. The Dannati (Damnation Theo-
tists) believe that wraiths are the evil spirits of the damned
who must be destroyed both for their own sakes and for the
sake of the living. The Redentori (Redeemers), a larger
group, believe that wraiths are merely souls who do not
understand that they are dead, and they maintain that the
role of the Benandanti is to encourage them to move
beyond the afterlife. There are other minor schools of
thought with different views regarding wraiths, including
the extremely controversial Risorgeritori (Resurrection-
ists), who believe that these souls should be recycled into
the bodies of the profoundly retarded and the clinically
insane. Each school proposes different methods for achiev-
ing the destruction, transcendence, or recycling of restless
souls. To these ends, Benandanti study the Restless and the
afterlife. Unlike the Arcanum, however, their study takes
the form of oral tradition rather than formal schooling and
professional research. Wisdom is passed from one
Benandante to the next; there are no central libraries or
research centers, and what funding exists is usually passed
privately from sapienza to novizio.

Organization

Because they are divided into different schools of
thought, and because their population density in any given
area is so low, the Benandanti suffer from lack of organiza-


tion. Few Benandanti know each other and even fewer
attend Raduni. Notification of where Raduni will take place
each year is typically passed by word of mouth, sapienza to
novizio — the most formal relationship, it should be noted,
that can be found among the Benandanti.

Myth and Fact

Because Benandanti can see into and on occasion
even enter the Underworld, they do not suffer from the
many misconceptions that plague other organizations.
However, the information that they do get wrong is usually
terribly inaccurate, made worse by the vagaries of gossip
spread during Raduni like the children's game "Telephone."
Starting characters typically do not even know that
Benandanti can enter the Underworld, much less that the
ghosts they see wandering around in the Shadowlands have
a society, a slave trade, and, in a sense, a "life."

Resources

Because the Benandanti lack formal organization,
they also lack shared resources. Thus, a character must
depend primarily upon his own ability to find needed
resources, and secondarily upon his sapienza's ability, if his
sapienza is willing to help.

Ranking System
Since the Benandanti have little formal structure,
they also do not have much of a formal ranking system.
Those who have learned the most about the Restless or
have best lived up to the ideals of their particular school of
thought are held in highest regard by their peers.

Superstitions

Myth and reality often share the same roots, but the
flowers they bear can be very different. A good example of
this is the number of superstitions concerning the
Benandanti that have arisen in various parts of the world.
These superstitions, often very similar, persist even today
among the peasants in remote areas of Italy, Romania, and
Turkey. If Benandanti characters end up in one of these
locales and the populace discovers their heritage, Storytell-
ers may want certain locals to react in accordance with the
following superstitions. These are that the Benandanti:

© Meet in their sleep;

© Use fantastical transport — cats, hares, toads (the
Inquisition began this rumor); some rumors claim that they
can even shapechange into these animals;

Are the archenemies of the stregoni, evil sorcerers,
whom they fight with fennel branches and who fight back
with broomlike reeds;

If victorious, bring abundant crops the following
year; if not, bring famine;

* Can talk with the dead and therefore cannot be
completely trusted;

* All have cauls, which the peasantry calls cappucci or
"hoods" (singular: cappuccio);

© Can be killed by tearing or destroying their cauls.

Ekstasis

In order to set foot in the Underworld, Benandanti
must enter a sleeplike state known as Ekstasis. For details,
see "Special Rituals" in Chapter 3, "Character Creation."

ABenandanti's Greatest Weapon

At midsummer, our ancestors used to hang
sprigs of fennel over the thresholds of doors to
ward off evil spirits for the remainder of the year
According to long-standing tradition, fennel has
some power over evil spirits; the Benandanti knew
when they first created their mystical fennel swords
centuries ago. Now their greatest weapon, the
fennel sword represents the Benandanti's power
over and integration with the spirit world. All
Benandanti must be taught how to create these
weapons, which are forged during Ekstasis and are
mystically hound with the power of their cauls
Typically, the sapienza who Unhoods a novizic
teaches her this wisdom, but the Benandante
must forge the weapon without her mentor's help
This is not an easy process. It requires stamina,
persistence, and, most of all, cour for the
forging itself is completed in the hellish cold of a
Nihil. Furthermore, it makes sense only to use
fennel swords against the Restless; a Benandante
may strike living creatures or things with her
fennel sword, but she will probably break it, as the
iron from which it is forged is technically flawed
the fennel stalks and leaves mixed into the ore
weaken the iron in the physical realm, but

strengthen it in the Underworld E.G


The Alternate Energy Group

Formed to solve the world's energy crisis, this group
consists of some of the best scientific minds of the century.
Meeting in Geneva every autumn, the group researches the
viability of new potential energy sources. One of its splinter
divisions is the Paranormal Research Wing (PRW), anumber
of radical scientists (mostly from Berkeley, Edinburgh, and
Duke Universities) who are studying the industrial uses of
psychic and ectoplasmic energies. While this wing has not yet
been able to procure funding directly from the government, it
has many other sources, including huge multinational con-
glomeratesand more obscure societies that promote paranormal
research. Current research involves, in part, discovering how
best to convert ectoplasm into energy to be used by industry.
Asa side effect, this practice destroys the ghosts involved.

Entrance Criteria

While there are no formal requirements for participation.
in the Group, all of its members are trained scientists with
impressive research and publication credentials. Older scien-
tists, already members of the PRW, hand-pick new members
from a relatively small crop of promising young scientists,
mostly from paranormal studies programs at the University of
California—Berkeley, Duke University, and the University of
Edinburgh in Scotland. These "apprentices," as they are
considered, must be capable of grant writing and independent
paranormal research, although they generally work under the
wing of an older, more prominent scientist. If there is any
"formal" entrance criterion, itis that members mustbe capable

of keeping their research a secret — in fact, they must sign a
non-disclosure agreement before becoming members — to
ensure fairness to their patrons.

Attitude

While more open-minded than other scientists in the
Alternate Energy Group, members of the PRW are still
scientists. They use the scientific method in all their
research, and cultivate a certain degree of healthy skepti-
cism in their findings.

Organization

The three main research centers for the PRW are located
in Berkeley, California; Durham, North Carolina; and
Edinburgh, Scotland; although much research is conducted
"in the field" (haunted houses, crossroads, and other places of
desolation). The Board of Directors, consisting of five senior
PRW members, and the Board of Ethics direct research efforts,
although the PRW's major funding resources have a greater
hand in determining the annual direction of research. Each
research group within the PRW has a Director, and often has
an advisor who claims to have a relevant form of paranormal
ability (channelers or psychics, for instance). While these
individuals are consulted, their claims are scrutinized for
scientific accuracy, just as any other source of information
would be.

Cunpten Two: Tae Hunters 23


Myth and Fact

Most PRW scientists know very little about the Under-
world, While some concede that consciousness may continue to
exist beyond the grave, this is considered to be mere speculation.
Some PRW scientists have seen Arcanos manifested just before
ghosts slip into ECEs, but they do not know the extent or range
of these powers, and some even suspect that they are hallucina-
tions produced by high-frequency emissions just before the
energy conversion process. Currently, most PRW scientists
think that ghosts are simply high-frequency ps
of the consciousnesses of those who have died.

hic resonances

Every research group involved in converting ectoplasmic
energies has been issued an Ectoplasmic Converter Engine (or
ECE— see Appendix for details) which is able to sense ghosts
and convert them into a form of energy which the PRW has
not yet learned to harness. Research on this energy has stalled
while the Ethics Board decides whether studies done on non-
material entities without their consent, regardless of whether
ornot they have been proven to exist, is ethical. However, the
pressure from industrial groups who are funding the PRW is
enormous and is expected to sway the Ethics Board's decision
in favor of experimentation. In the meantime, a number of
groups are secretly proceeding with their experiments.

Resources

The PRW is fairly well-funded, although itis currently
pouring most of its resources into producing costly ECEs for

24 Tue Quick ano THE Dean

fieldworkers. Thus, while they may borrow equipment from
a PRW office, researchers must use their own resources

pay for travel and other expenses. Additionally, res
ershave access to the extensive California State University
libraries, as well as to Duke's and Edinburgh's. Mentors are
readily available

Ranking System
Most new characters are PRW field scientists who
gather data using ECEs and other equipment. If they want
to continue to receive equipment, funding and informa-
tion, they must abide by the decisions of the PRW's senior
members.

In terms of the ranking system, the most senior mem-
bers of the PRW generally have at least twenty-five to
thirty years of experience and a list of publications longer
than Rumplestiltskin's beard. Many of these members
teach at the university level ot work for large corporations
interested in their findings. Junior to them are those
scienti

who direct research groups, conduct the higher-
level research (many of them are physicists interested in
high-energy state conversion), submit progress reports to
their seniors, and present their findings at private confer-
ences. Just below them are the new PRW members: they do
the lab work, take the ECE into the field and wait for
results, assist the directors, occasionally take on individual
projects as needed, and correlate and interpret the data.


The Orphic Circle

The venerable tradition of the Orphic Circle reaches
beyond recorded history into the shadows of a more mythic
time. Current members believe that its founder was an Egyp-
tian vampire whose fear of the second death led him to
descend into the Underworld to seek true immortality. From
his belief in the mysteries of the Isis-Osiris religion sprang the
Cult ofthe Orphic Circle, whose members even today practice
rituals derived from many of Orphism's Mysteries.

The Orphic Circle still retains this time-honored
tradition of the descent into the Underworld, after the
legend of Orpheus who did the same. Today's 300 members
uniformly share the desire to discover the true nature of
death and immortality, and have come a long way toward
doing so. Consisting of scholars, vatics, death mages, vam-
pires, and even some wraiths, the Orphic Circle promotes
research in the Underworld and, like a well-greased piece
of Machiavellian machinery, involves itself deeply and
secretly in the politics of the Restless.

Because some members of the Orphic Circle also hold
memberships in other highly secret societies (many of its
vampires, for instance, belong to the mysterious and dan-
gerous Giovanni clan, while some of its mortals also have
membership in the Arcanum, the Benandanti, or the
College of Psychic Learning), every Orphic Circle member
takes a mystically binding oath of secrecy.

Despite their common bonds, Orphics do not auto-
matically know everything about the nature of their
colleagues. Many an Orphic scholar has remained blissfully
unaware that the unaging Acolyte he called his protégé was
anecromantic vampire of the Giovanni clan ora Euthanatos
mage in disguise. In fact, most mortals within the Circle
remain unaware that there are vampires and mages in their
midst; likewise, many mages are unaware of vampires, and
vice versa. Such secrets are even more well-kept than that
of Circle membership. When they aren't, members die.

What the Orphic Circle intends to do with its knowl-
edge remains, for now, a matter of speculation among its
members. Rumors have circulated for years that the Ebon
Bench (see below) intends to drop the Shroud at the end
of the millennium, releasing the spirits of the Dead into the
lands of the living. The question of why the Bench would
want to do so remains a mystery, although various theories
have been put fort

© The complete integration of the Underworld with
the Sunlit Lands will mystically return the Earth to a
primitive state in which death and life are one. In conse-
quence, death would no longer be something to fear, but
merely an interesting change of state. This view's oppo-
nents point out that the lifting of the Shroud will only
integrate the Restless with the living; the issue of Tran-
scendence and Oblivion would still not be broached.

© Dike (see below) travels within the Shroud between
Earth, the Underworld, and into the unknown realms of

The Orphic Oath of Secrecy

1 ,<name>, do hereby a

by commissic

f, the knowle

t what I may my execution

it my execution and

any deserved punishment in the
To make the Oath of Secrecy binding,
Ebon Bench performs a Major Binding on the
candidate (see Chapter 3). The Binding itself (as
opposed to the candidate's oath) stipulates that
the candidate will inform the Ebon Bench of any

breach of the

sforementioned oath and will not
attempt to escape or mitigate hisown punishment

in any way

Transcendence and Oblivion (the latter is just specula-
tion). By dispensing with the Shroud, the Bench cuts off
Dike's mode of transport. Because the Judge is no longer
capable of arriving at death, mortals no longer need to
worry about the consequences of their actions.

* Secrecy is becoming hard to maintain. By lifting the
Shroud, the Ebon Bench reveals the truth to everyone,
beginning an era of knowledge among the living. The
Bench's new role would enable them to consult with
political leaders to promote mortal acceptance of their
place in a universe larger than it once seemed.

© The least popular — and most worried — theorists
think that the Ebon Bench may have sold out toa powerful
Malfean who wants direct access to the lands of the living.

The Dikeia and the Orgiophantes

Despite its name, the Orphic Circle is less unified than
it sounds. Two factions are waging a well-mannered war of
supremacy over the direction in which to take the Circle.
The Dikeia believe that the Orphic Circle should return to
itsancienttraditions, which include more violent, orgiastic
behavior and a prohibition against males within the priest-
hood that constitutes the Circle's ruling body. Opposing
them are the Orgiophantes, who control the priesthood
now and believe in continuing as is. Certain powerful
wraiths in Stygiaand the Shadowlands have secretly aligned
themselves with each of the two factions, and it is whis-
pered that the Dikeia have even won the support of some
alien beings — but more than that, even among the more
advanced but apolitical Dikeia, is not known.


Many of the practices of the modern Orphic
Circle are based upon ancient Orphism and the cult
of Dionysus. It is said that when the Greek hero
Orpheus returned from the Underworld, he brought
back with him precious scrolls which outlined the
Mysteries of the afterlife and the precepts which
mortals should follow in order to enjoy it. From
these, the Orphic poems were written, memorized,
and passed on from one generation to the next
Eventually, a cult grew up around the poems, some
of the beliefs of which are:

© Upon death, we are judged on the basis of
our deeds in life. If judged well, we enjoy feasts,
sex, and other pleasures in the afterlife

¢ The judge is known as Dike (pronounced
dee-kay). Sometimes depictedasa fierce huntress,
sometimes as a punitive she-demon (poinai), Dike
can be identified by her huge, glossy black wings,
and the short loincloth and long boots she wears
in the manner of ancient huntresses. She repre
sents moral responsibility and the darkerside ofan
otherwise very life-centered religion

© Life is joy; if life is not enjoyed, neither shall
death be enjoyed. Thus, black clothes shall not be
worn at the altar of the gods, and impurities must
be purged before all sacred events

© Seek immortality in all things. Most blessed
are those who create: actors, playwrights, poets,
writers, artists, mothers and fathers

© The cosmogonic egg is most sacred. Ap
pearing dead like a stone to the eye, it is
nevertheless filled with life-power, and, from it,
the universe mystically originates. Used properly,
the sacred egg can restore the dead to life. Also
sacred are the phallus, particularly when repre:
sented inaliknon (an oblong basket of wickerwork
filled with fruit or corn and chaffand covered with
a cloth from which protrudes what looks like a
phallus) and the mask of Eubouleus the god

© The Orphie god is called Eubouleus (also.
known to many as Dionysus). Destined by his
father Zeus and his mother Persephone to be Lord
Over All, he is now Lord of the Underworld, god
of the Nether World, and god of wine, pleasure,
and immortality

Tue Quick ano THE Deap

ey an
y


Most members of the Orphic Circle believe in
Eubouleus only asa symbol of the power of the Underworld
and its relation to immortality. Many of the beliefs of the
ancient Orphic Circle have become highly abstracted in
this age of restraint, this era of the scientific method.
Additionally, not all members of the Circle are Western-
ers, and the cultural diversity of the group gives rise to a
number of different traditions (e.g., among Asian mem-
bers, sacred rites are performed in black clothing, as the
traditional Western white clothing is, to them, reserved for
mourning). Despite these differences, however, the Orphic
Circle agrees on many things — for instance, they know
that an entity called Dike exists somewhere between the
Sunlit Lands and the Shadowlands and is capable of visit-
ingboth atall levels; itissaid that Dike disappearsaltogether
at times — although where the entity goes is a matter of
great speculation.

Entrance Criteria

Orphic Circle candidates are open-minded and con-
duct outstanding work within their specialties (research,
politics, leadership, as well as standard fields of study), but
are not famous or popular. This caveat is necessary because
of the difficulty involved in maintaining a high level of
secrecy if a member has a public persona.

Ten Circle members called Kerberos, reappointed
every three years, serve as a watchdog committee respon-
sible for recruiting and evaluating all potential members.
Whenever a seat in the 300 is vacated, Kerberos conducts
a search for a new member to fill that seat. If a potential
member shows signs of producing unstable, uncertain or
falsified results or of displaying information to outside
parties, he is rejected. Kerberos can afford to be selective,
as it literally chooses its members from a crop of thousands
of highly talented potential inductees worldwide. Further-
more, once in, the candidate remains for life: ifan inducted
member wants to leave the Orphic Circle, she had better
not try, or she may end up becoming the guinea pig in an
Orphic mortality experiment.

Attitude

Darker in character than the Arcanum, the Orphic
Circle is nevertheless just as scholarly and knows a great
deal about the mysteries of the Underworld. To gain such
knowledge, however, sacrifices are required — often quite
literally. Many members sacrifice the living and the dead to
obtain information about mortality...and to satisfy their
own curiosity. To them, the highest goal of existence is to
rediscover the sacred Mysteries of the Underworld that
Orpheus took from Hades. What many Circle members
have forgotten —a misreading committed more frequently
by the vampires and mages of the group — is that in other
legends Orpheus descended to the Underworld not to gain
knowledge, but to rescue his love, Eurydice. Indeed, it is
revealing of the Circle's character that it bases its existence


on the "fact" that their hero'
was to gain knowledge.

Organization

The Orphic Circle is so named not only because of its
admiration of Orpheus, but also because its leadership
consists of a small circle of nine elite scholars, politicians,
and visionaries (three of each). Called the Ebon Bench
after Eubouleus's Underworld throne, this group of priests
and priestesses maintains tightfisted control over all 300
members of its organization. For the last 1100 years, the
male-dominated group known as the Orgiophantes has
been in the majority on the Bench, but just recently —
within the past fifty years — the Dikeia have begun to turn
the tables, winning 44% of the seating on the Bench.

In order to win Seatings, not only must priests and
priestesses politick mercilessly to gain the vote of the
membership, but they must also prove to the current
priesthood that they have or can raise the resources to
finance the many rituals they must perform throughout the
year. Thus, the rich win Seats, while the poor do not.
Voting takes place whenever a seat is vacated due to death
(although, very occasionally, priests have been known to
remain Seated even after death), permanent incapacita-
tion, or retirement.

On the surface, most members of the Orphic Circle
lead relatively ordinary lives. Many are wealthy, or have

sole purpose in descending

28 Tue Quick ano THe Dean

a

some form of part-time employment which can accommo-
date their research and participation in Orphic events
throughout the year. Such meetings are held at the begin-
ning of ever on — though fall and spring are given
preference —as well as on special days throughout the rest
of the year.

Most notably, the Ebon Bench sponsors the Great
Festival every spring, during which all 300 members of the
Circle gather in secret caves and on Orphic-owned prop-
erty in the Greek Pindus Mountains. During the week of
festivities, the ordinarily reserved membership completely
lets go, enjoying the wild orgiastic rites of Eubouleus. The
Ebon Bench allows the few wraiths formerly of the Orphic
Circle to perform as boukoloi, or dancers, while the Orphics
dance naked, drink wine, and make love. Unfortunately,
stories about these huge parties getting violently out of
hand on occasion are all too true. The legends of the
Maenads running naked through the woods, castrating
males, killing infants, and causing all other manner of
bloodshed attest to the thoughtless brutality that may
occur in the wake of such unfettered behavior.

Nevertheless, the Great Festival accomplishes two
things: one, it ensures that the membership is happy with
their choice of candidates for the priesthood, and, two, it
attracts a mass of wraiths. Puppeteers Skinriding the mor-
tals — and sometimes the vampires — enjoy the sheer
physicality of the revelry. (This, incidentally, is why vio-


lence is often so much a part of the festivities; vampires
often enter feeding frenzies when inexperienced wraiths
control their bloodthirst. Sometimes, though much less
frequently, Spectres get involved.) The Ebon Bench allows
these Puppeteers into the festivities only after extracting
from them a binding oath to submit to experimentation
afterward, or asa favor to a powerful wraith. Sadly, many a
wraith is so desperate for easy skin that he will agree to their
demands, whatever the cost. Some speculate that these
festivities are part of a grand ritual known only to the Ebon
Bench, the cumulative energy of which will eventually tear
away the Shroud itself.

Myth and Fact

While the Orphic Circle knows more about the Un-
derworld than any other ghosthunting organization, it is
still capable of being misled. Unable to harm them directly,
Hierarchy leaders have begun a campaign to misinform the
Orphics, hoping to bring them to their own demise — for
instance, in their attempt to destroy the Orphics from
within, the Hierarchy is slowly leading the Outer Circle
(see below) to believe that the Ebon Bench has been
working in collusion with an evil Malfean.

Only those who have the greatest personal resources
rise to the Ebon Bench; the rest remain in the Outer Circle.
Even so, Outer Circle members are either independently
wealthy or have a good source of part-time income (Re-
sources | or higher). The Orphic Circle provides members
with few organization-owned resources, although if mem-
bers need something, they may be able to convince other
Orphics to lend it to them. The only communal Orphic
resource is the 1020-acre property in the Pindus Moun-
tains, as well as the system of caves beneath. In these caves,
there is a vast library of occult material, some of it more
than 2,500 years old. Characters wishing to use this library
must petition the Ebon Bench itself, which will require
some form of dark payment in return. Orphics are not
allowed to see the other caves until they are much more
experienced.

Ranking System

The Orphic Circle has two divisions: the Inner and the
Outer Circles. The Inner Circle consists solely of the
priesthood (the Ebon Bench), while the Outer Circle
consists of the Orphic Circle's membership. Members of
the Outer Circle are all considered equal, although chil-
dren are accepted into its ranks on rare occasions, and
when this occurs, the child must defer to the Outer (or
Inner) Circle member who sponsored him. Incidentally, in
true Orphic fashion, children are allowed to attend all
rituals and festivities held for Outer Circle members.

CurrentProjects ;

The Orphic Circle is engaged in almost as many
projects as there are members. Those of universal concern
to the membership follow:

© The lower levels of the 1000-year-old Caves of
Orpheus in Greece — caves in which the Circle's vast
library and some ritual rooms are located — have begun to
develop large cracks in the floor. While the Bench is trying
to discover a magical ritual that will stabilize the rock, the
Outer Circle is beginning a search for a new set of caves in
the northern Italian Alps. Others are researching the
appearance of Spectres in nearby cave systems.

¢ A number of Asian members have been dreaming of
their own deaths. Each dream contains the same element:
another Asian Orphic tosses a cosmogonic egg to the
dreamer, who then dropsit and dies. The scholar Canchyuan
Ming Li recently made a small breakthrough in the meth-
ods used to discover how to resurrect the dead using a
blessed cosmogonic egg, and he has been having these
dreams every night.

© Dike was sighted walking amongst the mortals
during the Great Festival last year. A panel of Orphics is
trying to discover what her appearance might mean.

The Center for Parapsychological
Research

In the late 1800s, the societal phenomenon known as
spiritualism (in the U.S.) and spiritism (in the U.K.) had
reached its zenith. As a result of a staggering number of
claims of apparitions, rappings, channelings, automatic
writings, psychography, telepathy, and other phenomena,
a group of interested scientific minds gathered to form the
Society for Psychical Research (SPR) in 1882. It combined
the talents of various generally academic individuals and
societies already at work investigating these phenomena,
including the famous William Crookes, Oliver Lodge,
Andrew Lang, Arthur Conan Doyle, Arthur and Gerald
Balfour, a number of Fellows of Trinity College (Cam-
bridge), and the Cambridge University Ghost Society.
Still, although nominally dedicated to scientific study of
these phenomena, SPR became an avenue of spiritualist
promotion while the Society's rationalistic ways gave the
movement an air of scientific respectability.

By the early 1900s, many members of SPR recognized
the need for organizations specifically designed to handle
reports of the various types of phenomena. As a result, a
number of groups, most of which inherited their view of
spiritualism and psychic phenomena from SPR, splintered
off to pursue research in different areas. Among these were
the Center for Parapsychological Research (CPR) and the
College of Psychic Learning (CPL).

Cuapren Two: Tue Hunters 29


Soe NG

Skeptical and highly scientific in nature, many mem-
bers of this organization have gone on to join the faculties
of Duke University and the University of Edinburgh —
both of which have strong programs in parapsychology —
as well as the Committee for Scientific Investigation of
Claims of the Paranormal, based in Buffalo, New York.
Today, the membership of CPR primarily consists of gradu-
ates of Duke's Parapsychology Laboratory and, strangely
enough, M.I.T.'s High Energy Physics Lab, which has
recently made some breakthroughs in high energy physics
that seem to validate the existence of true psychic Kirlian
coronas. Other members include scientifically- and spirit-
ist-oriented Cambridge University graduates, as well as
parapsychology amateurs. There is some African, Middle
and Far Eastern interest in the group, but CPR is primarily
a European and American phenomenon.

Today's CPR scientists specialize in two broad catego-
ties of parapsychology: extrasensory perception (e.g.,
telepathy and clairvoyance) and psychokinesis. Although
not directly pursuing of wraiths, these scientists neverthe-
less have oblique contact with them through their research
in these fields. A number of CPR researchers have found
evidence, for instance, that certain living individuals are
subconsciously capable of picking up the high-energy
thoughts of the dead, a talent often called telepathy.
Skeptics in the organization claim that the instruments
used to detect the high energy auras passing from the dead
to the living are actually detecting energy auras passing
among living minds. Some scientists in the Clairvoyant
Division are investigating sensitives' ability to channel the
messages of the dead, particularly messages involving pre-
dictions of the future and divinations. Still others are
looking into the phenomenon of psychokinesis as related
to spiritualism — that is, whether or not spirits are capable
of moving or altering matter with or without the assistance
of a channeler. Thus far, these scientists have met with
sardonic skepticism from scientific colleagues outside their
areas of specialty. At times it seems that the only ones who
believe their claims are the readers of The National Enquirer.

Entrance Criteria

Membership in CPR is open to everyone with a pay-
ment of the $50 annual membership fee. For the fee,
members receive a discount on their registration for the
annual CPR Conference (held in Northand South America
and Europe) and a subscription to the monthly publication
The Journal of Parapsychological Studies, published by CPR.
CPR also sponsors a group insurance plan, publication
award competitions, and a job information service (which
offers only a short list).

Attitude

The Center is much more scientific and skeptical in
nature than its sibling, CPL. It is ideal for those who are

truly interested in discovering, through use of the scientific
method, whether or not the paranormal really exists.

Organization

Phyllis Benchkin directs the efforts of her own office,
the Office of Research Programs, the Office of Extrasensory
Perceptions Research, the Office of Psychokinetic Re-
search, and the Editorial Staff. Each of these offices consists
of approximately two to three people, as CPR is nota large
organization. However, it is extremely organized, and thus
has provisions for the creation of other offices (such as
Convention Staff, Member and Customer Services, and
Center for Information Services) as necessary. All offices
are home-based affairs located near the main campus of
Duke University in Raleigh, North Carolina.

Myth and Fact

CPR scientists are ill-informed about the Underworld.
They generally (and usually incorrectly) attribute the
psychic world to ghosts, although they correctly believe
that there is what they call a "Veil" separating the world of
the dead from that of the living. Typically, their projects
focus on specific hauntings and the psychic evidence they
can find there, rather than on the general notion of an
"Underworld," its geography, and its inhabitants.

Resources

CPR resources are extremely limited. The main office,
located in Phyllis Benchkin's house, has a computer that
can link into library databases around the world through
Duke's database. Members may use the computer with
Benchkin's permission. Dues pay for the $3,500 budget
allocated to special CPR projects. Benchkin and a few
others pay other expenses out of their own pockets.

Ranking System

There is no formal ranking system among CPR mem-
bers, other than the minimum necessary for the 70-member
organization to run smoothly. However, these formalities,
such as they are, have created an "inner circle" of core CPR
members, primarily consisting of scientists, researchers,
and academic administrators who have a scientific back-
ground. Most of these hold Ph.D.s or M.D.s, although a rare
few, including the Director of Special Projects, have theo-
logical degrees.

CurrentProjects

The Division of Special Projects has a small budget,
from which it allocates funds to certain projects of univer-
sal interest to CPR membership. Each project is named,
numbered, and followed up on by a Budget Officer. Those
projects relating to wraiths are described below:

¢ "The Dublin Channeler": Orphics are investigating
reports that the noted Irish channeler Dermot Farley is
experiencing premonitions concerning plans for a British
secret mission against the IRA, which somehow involves

drugs, Stonehenge, the Black Forest, and a Celtic brooch.
covered in ectoplasm.

© "Psychokinetic Studies, the Afterlife, and Drug
Abuse": Some members of the Office of Psychokinetic
Research are conducting a study on whether or not drug
abusers are more likely to develop psychokinetic powers
through ghostly intercession. Special care is being taken to
determine which drugs, if any, produce this effect. Similar
unfunded projects are also underway involving the senile,
the retarded, the clinically insane, and very young chil-
dren.

"Healing: the Spirit and the Mind": Another project
for the OPR, these researchers are looking into the possi-
bility of spiritual healing — that is, healing energies
conducted from the dead into the living via an intermedi-
ary. There have been some reports of such healings in
Ireland, Scotland and Colombia (South America), as well
as in China and Korea. In every instance, the intermediary
has been the seventh son of a seventh son.

College of Psychic Learning

An offshoot of the Society for Psychical Research, the
College of Psychic Learning dedicates itself to instructing
individuals on how to use the psychic abilities with which
they are naturally endowed. While some of the teachings at
the College are pure charlatanism, others containa grain of
truth. The subjects range from out-of-body experiences
and altered states of consciousness to dowsing and the
Kirlian effect. Women in their late thirties and early forties
comprise the majority of the student body. Most of the
teachers are also female.

Although the College is technically a splinter group of
the Society for Psychical Research, SPR wants nothing to
do with this organization. Among the more scientifically
minded, the College has a reputation for fakery and flaki-
ness and is across the board incorrectly associated with
New Age beliefs. While some of its instructors are New
Agers, many of them act as freeform agents, who believe
themselves to be mystically connected with the spirit world
from which they derive their powers. Nonetheless, skeptics
find it difficult to argue against the success these psychics
have met in police and other search situations. Located in
Alabama, the College has responded to many a local
sheriffs request for help in finding criminal sites, missing
persons and bodies. In fact, because of this success, the
College has been able to coordinate a limited number of
police-sponsored scholarships and work-study opportuni-
ties.

Entrance Criteria

For students, academic credentials matter less in ad-
missions decisions than do personal essays,
recommendations, and prior experience in any of the fields
of psychic study listed below. Competition for admission is
fairly low, as CPL is not a popular (or typical) school, and

Cuaeren Two: Tue Hunters 31


enrollment hovers around 50 students at any one time; on
the other hand, competition for CPL's extremely limited
number of scholarships, grants, and work-study opportuni-
ties is fierce. Interdisciplinary study is encouraged.

In order to work at CPL, faculty must have an estab-
lished reputation in their field of study, either as a
practitioner and/or as a teacher. Research is less important
to hiring committees, and proof of ethical intention is
required. Hiring committees tend to avoid applicants who
have had a history of conflict or who like to see themselves
as society's gadflies, as this attitude promotes bad relations
with the College's neighbors, with whom the College is
ady on tenuous ground.

Attitude

Most of the students and faculty at CPL are serious,
dedicated, well-meaning, and ethical. The existence of a
department devoted entirely to ethical issues demonstrates
the College's continued interest in maintaining a high
degree of respectability with its neighbors. Nonethe
most faculty at CPL still receive a great deal of harassment.
As a result, the faculty and students of the College have
isolated themselves within their own little community.
This, unfortunately, only serves to reinforce outsiders'

al

negative opinions.

Organization

A very small college in comparison with others in the
United States, the College of Psychic Learning neverthe-
less operates ina manner similar to most private universities.
It has a president, a board of directors, and an administra-
tion, as well as enrollment periods, tuition, and graduation
fees. Most interesting, however, are its departments. They
include:

© The Department of Extraphysical Experiences:
Practices astral and dream travel and studies their history
and theory.

© The Department of Psychokinesis: Practices self-
powered psychokinesis and spiritist psychokinesis, also
studying its theory and history. Also co' acupuncture
and psychokinetic healing via aforementioned source:

© The Telepathy Department: Studies prior tele-
pathic research and practices transmission and reception.
Also studies theories relating to intervivum telepathy
(telepathy between living mortals) and postmortem te-
lepathy (transmission from the dead to the living).

© The Department of Clairvoyance and Dowsing:
Practices divination, geomancy, and dowsing using divin-
ing rods. Studies the role of channeling and other forms of
contact with the dead, extraterrestrials, and beings from
higher planes.

© The Department of Aural and Kirlian Study:
Practices detection and reading of auras using the body's
senses and those of machines (such as cameras and VCRs).

32 Tue Quick ano THE Dean


a i aaa, ta, ate

Also practices detection of the restless dead, extraterrestri-
als, and higher-energy beings using coronal energy tracing.

The Department of Alternative Consciousnesses:
Studies the effect of altered states of consciousness on the
perception of nonphysical phenomena. Has a special state
license permitting governed use of certain drugs for experi-
mental purposes. Also studies religious trance, hypnosis,
dreams, mythology, and art. Hasan exchange program with
the Menninger Dream Laboratory in Brooklyn, New York.

The Feng Shui Study Group: Practices and studies
feng shui in depth. Students often double-major in this
group.

¢ The Department of Psychical Ethics: Examines the
ethics of using psychic abilities in a largely non-psychic
world. Suggests and updates ethical guidelines for College
use.

The College itself is located in a large converted
mansion near Moundville, Alabama (pop. 1310), far from
the psychic distractions of the city. Its grounds, which
cover some 180 acres, are sleepy and peaceful, but some-
what gloomy, like a Victorian garden.

Myth and Fact

Most of what is taught at CPL is garbage, but every
once ina while, a student or faculty member wades through
enough of it to discover a small grain of truth. Thus, for
instance, while some faculty know that ghosts have a large
range of magical powers, many of them believe that all
ghosts have psychic abilities (it is generally acknowledged
that ghosts exist). Moreover, most faculty have no concep-
tion ofa real after"life" with societies, customs, and taboos.
Rather, many faculty believe that ghosts are just the psy-
chic echoes of once-living minds.

Resources

The "founder" of CPL was a wealthy eccentric who
willed his mansion and large collection of occult artifacts
to CPL, then a struggling group of five scientists. Since
then, CPL has attracted the attention of some police
inspectors and private investigators, who use them for
detective work. Money gained from these ventures, as well
as from fundraising campaigns among the rich, has enabled
CPL to stay afloat. Among other things, characters can
expect to have access to one of five computers connected
to a number of library databases.

Ranking System

Similar to most colleges, CPL's hierarchy extends
down from top-level administration officials to full profes-
sors to part-time lecturers to students. Those with the most
teaching or field experience are most highly regarded.
Because CPL considers itself to be a hands-on college with
an emphasis on individual learning, it is not meticulous
scholarly research, but rather teaching and field experi-
ence, that is more often rewarded.

CurrentProjects

Most faculty members are involved in some project or
other:

© ‘Kirlian Photography in Possessed Machinery: A
Psychographic Crossover": Kirlian photography captures
on film the psychic energy image of an object ora being. A
few faculty members are studying the effects of passing such
film through machinery known to be possessed by wraiths.
A number of experiments have revealed writings on the
film which, when decoded, yielded prophecies that later
came to pass.

¢ "Erecting the Dam: How to Prevent the Undesired
Dreamtrips of Wraiths": A study of possible barriers to a
wraith's entrance into sensitives' dreams.

 "Telepathic Reverberations in Haunts and Other
Gloomy Places": A project engaging researchers in tele-
pathic rapport with the ghosts residing in certain locales.

The Power Seekers

ike a complex character, the organiza-
tions described below seek power for as
many reasons as they have members. In
Wraith terms, power seekers are those
who contact the Restless or visit the
Underworld in order to gain the ability
to wield coercive force, permissive au-
thority, or influence. They have an uncanny ability to
discover precisely what in the Underworld will achieve
these things for them and to coerce or persuade the Restless
into handing them over. Often very talented in deception,
they can — but do not always — trick both the living and
the dead into performing their tasks. And while they donot
reject information about the Underworld when it comes
their way, the path they follow is quite different from that
of the knowledge seekers.

The Sons of Tertullian

Among the most determined of the hunters are the
Sons of Tertullian, who use Tertullian's credo as a launch-
ing point for the eradication of the "godless" Dead and
anyone who stands out in their minds as being associated
with them. They distinguish between the types of ghosts
they destroy only insofar as such distinctions help them
gauge the threats they face; wraiths are no different than
Spectres to the Sons. During exorcisms, they torture the
possessed, a practice which, even if successful, often kills its
beneficiaries. It is speculated among the psychics,
channelers, and Gypsies who are their primary mortal
targets that the Sons of Tertullian are themselves possessed
of subtle and exceedingly evil spirits who drive them to
commit these acts, although this charge has never been
proven.

Cunpren Two: Tue Hunters 33


Entrance Criteria

Above all, a character must distinguish himself as a
devout Christian to gain entrance (the Sons, being gener-
ally wary of other beliefs, do not admit any but worshippers
of their version of the "one true God"). The character must
also be courageous, scholarly, physically fit, loyal, and
fanatical in his beliefs concerning the Sons (in game terms,
he must have True Faith). Good preludes for Tertullian
hunters usually involve the character's final proof that he
is a fit candidate for initiation.

Attitude

The Sons of Tertullian are well-intentioned fanatics;
if they suspect a person of being possessed, they will resort
to anything that is in their power, including physical and
psychological torture, to "have mercy on her soul." To get
to this point, Tertullian initiates study hardening tech-
niques, which help them to suppress feelings of compassion
that may arise in such crisis situations.

Organization
A venerable hunting organization, the Sons of
Tertullian have a few secret monasteries spread throughout
the world. A group of Elder Tertullians collectively called
the Host directs them and often backs high-ranking indi-
viduals wishing to take leadership roles ata given monastery.

34 Tae Quick ano tHe Dean

While this practice leads to bitter rivalries, it also builds
valuable allegiances between monasteries. The ultimate
head of the Sons of Tertullian, called the Host of Hosts,
remains an enigma, a cloaked entity who will see none but
the oldest, most experiericed, and highest-ranking Elders.

Myth and Fact

While Tertullians are remarkably well-informed about
exorcism techniques, their knowledge of the exorcised is
extremely superficial. They believe that ghosts are minions
of Satan who can interpret and exercise his will as they see
fit. Most Tertullians do not know that an Underworld
"society" exists, and rarely do they consider that the Un-
derworld may have its own geography. From the Sect of St.
James, they have heard that mortals can walk the Under-
world, although most Tertullians find this heretical and
hard to believe.

Resources

Tertullians are generally not wealthy and thus neither
are their monasteries. While monastery-owned cars and
advanced ghosthunting equipment are beyond the means
of most monasteries, players can expect to have easy access
toa decent occult library and common ceremonial materi-
als. Lower-level mentors are usually also available, although
characters must pay points for these.


| tt i, i i eo

Ranking System

Full Sons are divided into seven Ranks, ostensibly
awarded according to holy ability, possessions terminated,
demons destroyed, and knowledge discovered, although in
practice Ranks are often awarded on a political basis. Every
Tertullian can perform limited exorcisms based on his
Faith rating; with particularly powerful spirits, however,
higher-ranking Sons come into play.

Each Rank hasa title anda function associated with it,
although Sons perform duties as necessary:

¢ First Rank: Scout, the Holy Army of the Blessed
Archangel Gabriel. Function: Fields reports of possessions,
finds trails of ghosts for Second, Third, and Fourth-Rank
Sons.

¢ Second Rank: Diviner or Trapper, the Holy Army
of the Blessed Archangel Gabriel. Function: Divines evil
spirits in persons, but more frequently sets traps for "de-
mons," prepares equipment (e.g. holy water).

© Third Rank: Special Operations, Tertullian's
Eye. Function: Lures ghosts in for the kill, teaches Waiting
Son initiates.

¢ Fourth Rank: Avenger, the Holy Army of the
Blessed Archangel Gabriel. Function: Destroys evil spirits,
teaches Full Son initiates.

¢ Fifth Rank: Exorcist, Tertullian's Right Hand.
Function: Rids "victims" of powerful evil spirits.

¢ Sixth Rank: Scholar, The Mind of Justinian.
Function: Researches the Underworld, develops theories,
creates artifacts which are then dispersed to lower-ranking
Tertullians.

¢ Seventh Rank: Preceptor, The Spirit of Gabriel.
Function: Creates Tertullian policy, solves high-level dis-
putes, attends meetings with the Host of Hosts, performs
other secret duties.

Note that Fifth Rank and beyond is rare, as these
require mastery of the art of High Exorcism, an ability that
most humans simply do not have.

Waiting Sons— that is, Sons who have been initiated,
but have not accrued enough experience (generally twelve
years) or respect to become Full Sons — are divided into
two ranks: Apostles of Gabriel and the Thrice-Blessed
Mendicants. The first group tends to focus its studies on
warriorship — dealing with wraiths one-on-one, for in-
stance — while the second group focuses on scholarship
and the more contemplative aspects of their belief system.
Players usually begin in one of these categories.

Sects
Because the Sons' monasteries are geographically di-
vided, many different beliefs concerning the correct
interpretation and practice of Justinian's vision have de-
veloped. Within the Sons, there are five known sects: the
Sect of Saint James, the Sect of Mary, the Disciples of
Lazarus, Solomon's Sons, and the Sickle and Crown. Each

Se a

of these follows the basic precepts of the Sons of Tertullian,
while placing emphasis on one or another aspect of its
mission. The Sect of Mary, for instance, represents the
female counterpart to St. James, a troop of seventy-seven
anointed ‘sisters' prepared to commit suicide to gain the
kingdom of the Lord. The Disciples of Lazarus follow the
belief that the possessed, if killed, must be somehow resur-
rected, as they were deprived by demons of a life given to
them by God. Solomon's Sons emphasize the acquisition of
knowledge, while the Sickle and Crown believes that the
desire to acquire knowledge before a hunt is a spiritual
crutch that reveals the hunter's lack of faith — only
plunging headfirst into a fight ultimately proves one's faith.

The Seven Sisters

In the nineteenth century, public belief in ghosts and
the occult from Romantic fancy to, quite literally, interna-
tional fad. By the latter third of the century, Victorians so
frequently reported spirits haunting occupied houses, turn-
ing tables, lifting guitars, playing accordions, possessing
mediums, spelling out answers to questions, and generally
showing off that societies of professional men formed to
investigate the phenomena. Both women and men could
earn a healthy living by becoming mediums, as longas their
clients did not expose themas frauds. Still, honest mediums
did exist. If they were ever "exposed," it was either because
someone hada grudge against them or because their clients'
skepticism dampened the magic they were indeed perform-
ing.

Among the true mediums were the Seven Sisters.
Orphaned during the birth of the youngest triplets, the
Seven Sisters shortly thereafter found that they could hear
the sad voice of their dead mother. The oldest sister, Gwyn
Jones, encouraged her younger siblings to contact their
mother. Little by little, the sisters learned how to speak
with her, then with other ghosts.

After a series of tragedies in which the triplets fell into
a coma, their uncle committed suicide, and their aunt
abandoned the sisters, Gwyn moved her younger sisters to
Philadelphia, where they began careers as mediums. They
began to take customers in their small apartment, and their
clientele gradually grew. In 1848, when the Foxes hit it big,
the sisters' business went international, attracting the
attention of politicians and nobility abroad.

The sisters claimed to, and indeed were able to, speak
with the inhabitants of the Underworld. They were fasci-
nated with the power and notoriety they had gained in only
afew years. With their abilities, they were able to influence
foreign policy, political intrigue — the welfare of entire
countries. Their predictions usually came true, and with
that their respectability and popularity among high society
burgeoned. Eventually, they began to use their talents not
just as a means to make money, but also to increase their
own power as consultants to kings.

Gurren Two: Tue Hunters 35


Gwyn, with the claim to be considering the well-being
of her younger sisters, instituted The Seven Sisters in 1911
— a society dedicated to improving the reputation of
mediumship in political circles. Membership dues were to
go to the triplets, who had since been moved to an expen-
sive hospital in New York. What Gwyn did not tell society
members was that these funds were actually distributed
among all the sisters. When the last of the sisters died in
1920 at the age of 92, her estate was calculated to be worth
approximately two million dollars.

The Seven Sisters still exists, much wealthier with the
demise of its founders, although certainly not rich. Most of
its funds nowadays come from wealthy politicians who
support the Sisters' efforts (and can use their donations as
tax write-offs). Its purpose has not changed, nor has the
attitude of its members regarding the general appeal of
political power. The Sisters is a private organization com-
prised primarily of high-society women with a tremendous
amount of influence over the politicians and other officials
who consult them. Most of these women truly are channelers
who open themselves up to the Puppetry Arcanos. The
society strongly discourages fraud, as it reflects poorly upon
the Sisters as a whole, directly contradicting their stated
purpose. However, manipulating events so that they turn
out in favor of both the channeler and the client is not
frowned upon. Moreover, trying to trick or manipulate the
Restless is also discouraged, as they can very easily embar-
rass channelers during their sessions.

Entrance Criteria

Applicants must passa series of channeling tests judged
bya panel of current members. These tests include sections
on Prediction (see "Numina," Chapter 5), Client Aware-
ness, Social Understanding, and Presentation Skills. If an
applicant fails to produce specific and accurate predictions,
does not seem tuned in to a client's needs, is naive about
how politics or government works, or has extremely poor
presentation skills, she may be refused membership. The
most heavily weighted test is Prediction, as the other skills
can be learned.

Once she has passed the tests and paid hermembership
fee, the applicant undergoes a probationary period in
which an older member tutors her. Classes are held once a
week, during which new members meet to discuss their new
skills and to hold practice seances and individual client
sessions. After six months, if the new member seems to be
working out, her tutor invites her to a formal black-tie
dinner or political ball where she meets prospective clients.
Before she arrives, she is well rehearsed in what to say, who
to talk to, how to act, and how to dress.

Ifher probationary period goes well, the Seven Sisters'
Executive Council assigns a locale or a political group for
the new member to work on. While most of the major
political factions in United Nations countries have a Sister

36 Tat Quick ano THE Deap

assigned to them, only a few politicians take the Sisters
seriously.

Attitude

To the Executive Council, political power is the be-all
and end-all of their mystical existences. It can get them
whatever they want, and since, unlike their clients, they
are not in the limelight, they do not have to risk taking
falls. However, because channeling is so often associated
with fraudulence, they have taken measures to ensure that
theyare not discredited. They encourage their membership
to practice honesty, patience, understanding, and discre-
tion. They collect letters of reference from famous or
respectable clients and encourage word-of-mouth adver-
tisement. They are strict about whom they let into the
Seven Sisters, conducting thorough background checks on
all candidates. Finally, they keep tabs on their membership
by requiring annual interviews with the Executive Coun-
cil.

Organizati
The Seven Sisters are based in Washington, D. C.,
where they meet in the basement of a downtown library
and maintain a small but tidy office. A number of smaller
"branch offices" (running out of Sisters' homes) also exist
in San Diego, London, Paris, Moscow, and Berlin. Mem-
bers are assigned to the office nearest their home locale,
although they typically only have to travel there for their
annual interview.

The Executive Council at the home office handles
most administrative duties relating to assignments and new
membership. They send these data to the main office in
Washington, which stores the information on its computer
database. When the computer tags a member as having
been a Sister for seven years, she is given the option of
becoming a Tutor and receiving a commission of thirty
percent of their students' first-year earnings.

Myth and Fact

Because, like many channelers, they believe that
wraiths are the souls of humans who want to help the living,
most of what wraiths reveal is considered fact. Thus, for
instance, those Sisters who have heard of the Hierarchy
believe that Spectres run it (they do know the difference
between wraiths and Spectres), as this is what they have
been told.

Resources

The Seven Sisters' resources are limited. Their Wash-
ington office has a computer for word-processing and data
entry, as well as some statistics software. Relying primarily
on client donations and membership dues, the Council
manages to pay the Washington office's rent, while a
library in downtown Washington allows the Sisters to meet
in its basement on designated nights. Additional gifts from


| iin fill ilies iii, tii aii i

clients are distributed among the offices to purchase inex-
pensive supplies and equipment.

Ranking System

When members have been in the Seven Sisters for ten
years or more, they are eligible to take a seat on the
Executive Council, a prestigious though unpaid position in
the organization. When a Sister has been a member of the
Executive Council for ten years, she is eligible to become
the Political Liaison, an office held in high esteem among
both Sisters and informed clients (who know them only as
"Liaison Officers"). Political Liaisons are often invited to
counsel clients on the most secret of issues... and they
receive compensatory gifts from their clients in order to
ensure their silence. They also maintain contact with more
powerful ghosts, who often like to make deals with their
clientele through these Liaisons.

CurrentProjects

While the Sisters do not embark on "projects" per se,
they do have "assignments." Most remain secret at the
client's request.

© A West German bureaucrat has promised to erect a
monument in memory of a powerful ghost in exchange for
two years' worth of predictions on the health of certain
industry leaders. So far, he has made a tidy sum in invest-
ments... too tidy.

© Opening herself up as a Consort, a Sister in Moscow
was invaded by a malevolent ghost. The ghost, who evi-
dently harbored some resentment against the client, a
former Politburo member, caused the Sister to kill him. She
now faces permanent incarceration unless she can prove to
non-believers that she was forced to kill.

¢ A Circle of Hierarchy wraiths opposed to the inter-
vention of the Sisters in Underworld affairs recently
appeared at a Foreign Affairs ball in Washington, evoking
various unpleasant effects (pus in the punch bowl, nests of
adders under dancers' feet, steaming slime in the toilets,
etc.) that ruined the evening. The hosts called it a prank
and placed the blame on the attending Seven Sisters
Liaison Officer, who must now ensure that no further
demonstrations of this sort occur.

Daughters ofCreusa
With these words, though I wept and had so much to say
To her, she left me, fading out into thin air.
Three times I tried to put my arms around her neck, and three
umes
The phantom slipped my hands, my vain embrace: it was like
Grasping a wisp of wind or the wings of a fleeting dream.
—The Aeneid by Virgil, translated by C. Day Lewis
While many organizations intent on obtaining power
from the Underworld seek it actively, The Daughters of
Creusa began in response to the frightening practices of the


SS ee Oe eee
Sons of Tertullian. As psychics, they are one of the
Tertullians' primary targets — viewed, if fortunate, as
afflicted victims of possession, and if unfortunate, as active
and willing agents of Satan. The Daughters use power as a
tool with which to defend themselves against the purging
activities of the Sons.

The movement began in Greece in 1740, aftera search
party found the mutilated bodies of three missing Greek
women dumped in a stream in the middle of the woods. For
the past ten years, women had been kidnapped and later
found dead, their only common link being their roles as
sophistes, or channelers, for nearby villages. After this
incident, however, local sophistes decided to meet secretly
to search for and punish the perpetrators of these crimes.
Later, they would find it preferable to prevent such crimes
before they occurred, but in 1740 they had neither the
influence nor the information network to do so. Member-
ship in the Daughters meant that there were a lot of eyes
looking out for you, much like neighborhood crime watches
today. The Daughters, who once knew each other only
superficially, became a sorority, almost a family.

Belonging to a tradition that honored its dead, these
women named themselves the Daughters of Creusa after
the wife of Aeneas. Killed during the sack of Troy, Creusat
reappears to Aeneas in ghost form to warn him to leave for
Hesperia. Aeneas tries to embrace her, but she fades away
forever.

Not as resigned to their fate as their namesake, the
Daughters saw themselves as avengers of those who died
undeservedly, mutilated and unburied. They met secretly
in the woods at night to exchange information and to learn
new "spells," which to them were methods of speaking with
the dead, obtaining their help, and prophesying the future
accurately. For many years, the mystery of who had com-
mitted the decade of murders remained unsolved, the trail
growing ever colder. But, like Furies, the Daughters vowed
for their sisters' sakes never to give up. By the late 1700s,
they had gathered a great deal of information from the dead
and the living about possible culprits.

Finally, in 1802, they discovered who was behind the
continuing persecution. The Sons of Tertullian became
their nemesis, and they dedicated themselves to eradicat-
ing this group wherever they could. Nevertheless, the
Daughters stood little chance of completely annihilating
those who had caused them so much suffering, for the Sons
had much greater influence, more wealth, more informa-
tion, and more members.

The Sons, in turn, only infrequently bothered the
Daughters, but when they did, blood was spilled. Their
inattentiveness, however, was to cost them some lives. By
the mid-1800s, the Daughters of Creusa had spread beyond
Greece north into the Balkans, east through Persia, and
into Russia, as well as west into Europe, where the Sons had
begun to question and torture. This secret movement was

38 Tut Quick ano THe Deap

most popular among societies of wise women who tradi-
tionally honored the dead and practiced ancestor-worship.
Small gatherings of women would secretly meet to ex-
change information or tosummon thespirits of the Restless
to perform mutually agreeable work. Whether that meant
they had to meet at the town well where the men assumed
they were simply exchanging gossip, or they had to slip out
into the woods at night under the rubric of collecting herbs
for a healing, made no difference to them; they wanted
justice. And justice they received, for many a Son was
captured and questioned— and some of his own instru-
ments of torture used against him — and then set free to
warn his comrades. Depending on the crimes to which they
confessed, others were not so lucky.

Today's Daughters of Creusa have become an informa-
tion network with an enforcement arm that protects
potential victims and an assistance network designed to
help those, both living and dead, who are in need. To get
to this point, the Daughters have had to maintain a unified
vision and accept the fact that power, and poweralone, will
help them to achieve their goals. To them, power means
wealth, social influence, legal immunity, and education. In
addition to being channelers, many Daughters are also
lawyers, stockbrokers, businesswomen, librarians, collec-
tors, or other professionals trading in power, information,
and money. Because of this single-minded focus on the
acquisition of power, the Daughters can be ruthless adver-
saries, but their intent is nevertheless good: they are the
avengers of the innocent and their protectors against
crimes that police and other legal authorities cannot be
expected to solve.

Entrance Criteria

Aswith many secret societies, the Daughters of Creusa
accept new members only if current members sponsor
them. Because psychic and leadership abilities are so nec-
essary, the Daughters have established an elaborate method
of determining how well candidates will stand up to the
pressures of their job. By helping ghostly Oracles (see
"Fatalism" in Wraith: The Oblivion) guard their Fetters,
the Daughters elicit their cooperation in reading the fates
and the histories of candidates. Once a candidate is estab-
lished to be trustworthy and capable, she is assigned to
protect the Fetters of the Oracle that vouched for her.
Oracles can revoke their reading at any time.

The Daughters of Creusa are a female-only society.
This is primarily because no current Daughter has ever
sponsored a male candidate; such an event, however, is not
beyond the realm of possibility, particularly if the candi-
date can offer the Daughters something beyond what
typical candidates can (e.g., he works in the CIA or FBI, or
he owns a large collection of documents pertaining to
splinter groups of the Inquisition).

Attitude

The Daughters are not "evil"; they simply want a
justice that only they can obtain for themselves. Thus,
acquisition of power and information is their modus operandi.
They are often very focused and can be ruthless if someone
orsomething stands in the way of their quest for justice. On
the other hand, they frequently risk their lives to avenge
victims of persecution and they protect whoever they can
from it.

At heart, they are merciful, typically preferring to
release a Son of Tertullian after a stern (and sometimes
painful) warning rather than killing him. If he has been
involved in a Daughter's death, but is not directly respon-
sible, they will mark him for haunting; that is, they set a
mark upon him (see below) that tells the wraiths on their
"payroll" to haunt him for a set period of time. In return for
the wraiths' nights of unceasing keening and other fright-
ening activities, the Daughters will help these wraiths in
whatever way they wish (as long as the Daughters do not
consider it evil). Those Tertullians who are directly re-
sponsible for the deaths of a Daughter or an innocent
wraith are sentenced to death at the hands of the victim (if
Daughter will perform the execution)
after reliving the crime through the eyes of the victim for
aweek. In administering the appropriate punishment, the
Daughters work closely with a number of Sandmen who
owe them favors.

The Creusan Mark

The Daughters have a sense of humoras well
as a sense of justice. A private joke between the
Daughters and the Restless, the Creusan Mark in
the Underworld appears as a "Kick Me" sign the
size of a bumper sticker on the behinds of the
Marked. Itstays with the Marked despite changes
of clothes or other attempts to cover so to
speak — one's ass.
Aarked to rid them

selves of their nether humiliation is to immerse

The only way for the

the afflicted body part in Tertullian's holy font
an act to which many are strangely adverse
While the Marked may try to Ward or Forbid

wraiths from bothering them, the wraiths usually

find the reward promised by the Daughters too

tantalizing to relinquish. Besides, bugging these

fanatics is too much fun to miss

Cuapren Two: Tue Hunteas 39
Z ~ > _


EE

Organization

Like wraiths, the Daughters organize themselves in
Circles. They choose a sophistes, or wise woman, who leads
each Circle based upon her experience or leadership abil-
ity. Her authority is limited to resolving disputes, setting
directions for investigations, and getting members out of
legal trouble. Daughters are under no formal obligation to
follow her lead if she proves incapable.

Each Circle has a secret meeting place called a Refuge,
which might be ata local chess club, in a private office, on
the steps of a federal monument, or in a haunted garden.
Above all, it must not be conspicuous, for the Tertullians
are always watching. Circles also maintain a second Refuge
more secret than the first, places for renegade Daughters to
hide and members to fall back on if their first Refuge is
discovered.

¢ The Arm of Law

The Daughters of Creusa have found it necessary to
create "police" Circles dedicated to hunting down and
capturing Tertullian criminals and other infringers. Typi-
cally, four or five Circles meet in a Creusan Ring to create
these Enforcer Circles of ten to twelve Daughters. Mem-
bers suited to such activities (i.e., those who are in shape
and know some martial arts) volunteer for this position. If
there is not a sufficient number of suitable volunteers,
members of the originating Circles are trained and rotate
duties. The only Circles with rights to the Enforcer Circle
are those who sponsor it; if an outside Circle needs its
services, it must wait until the Enforcer Circle has a spare
moment.

When a Circle reports a crime to their Enforcer Circle,
the Enforcers prioritize it based upon the number of lives at
stake. They may have to travel hundreds of miles to
investigate, as the territories they patrol cover the geo-
graphical range of their Creusan Ring, usually quite large
(e.g., the Enforcer Citcle "The Howling Coyotes" must
cover the entire southwestern United States). Obviously,
the traveling required of Enforcers can run them ragged in
only a few months; taking time off is encouraged.

© The Arm of Mercy

Another Circle necessary to a well-organized Creusan
Ring is the Mercy Circle, a group of women dedicated to
helping out hunted Daughters and wraiths in need of aid.
Like an underground railroad, they offer whatever help
they can give, often working closely with their Enforcer
Circle todo so. Membership in such Circles usually consists
of older women not fit for the more physical Enforcer
Circles, but still dangerous in their psychic powers and
camaraderie with the Restless. Over the years, these women
have established working relationships with certain spirits
upon whom they can call for assistance.

oe ee
Myth and Fact

Creusans know the difference between wraiths and
Spectres and in general seem to understand the abilities
wraiths manifest, since they use them against Tertullians
and as part of their candidate screening process. However,
they know very little about Underworld politics and thus
are under the impression that the Tertullians are working
with a group of ghosts known as the "Hierarchy." Why the
Tertullians would do such a thing remains a mystery, but
that is what their "Renegade" contacts tell them, and that
is what they must believe, for lack of more information...

Resources

Typical Circles, while not rich, are usually well-off, as
their members tend to donate a good portion of their
outside income to supporting the group. Refuges of the
indoor variety may contain computers, fax machines, pho-
tocopiers, and whatever else is needed for the Circle's
efficient operation. Creusan Rings donate cars to their
Enforcer Circles, who often also have firearms and other
weapons at their disposal.

R System
The Daughters of Creusa are largely informal about
titles and ranking systems. They gather together in a spirit
of sisterhood and choose by secret ballot those to lead who
are best suited for it and will most benefit their Circles.

CurrentProjects

Most Creusan "projects" revolve around helping the
needy and enforcing the punishment of crimes. Some
sample undertakings follow:

© The American Tertullians are pursuing a Syrian
Daughter who escaped their torture chamber. She does not
speak English and is still lost somewhere in the Midwest.
The Midwest Ring of Creusan Daughters is trying to find
her before the Tertullians do. To help her Syrian Circle
solve the Tertullian problem, the Midwest Circle is loan-
ing them Enforcers who will escort her, when found, safely
back to Syria.

* A wraith has appeared before the Lisbon sophistes
begging for justice. Apparently, she was a Daughter until
captured by Tertullians, tortured, and killed. The Lisbon
Circle is investigating her report of a splinter group called
St. James...

A scholar of the occult in London has approached
one of the Greek Daughters about joining a society called
the Arcanum. He claims that they are always in need of
psychics and channelers. She rejected his offer, thinking it
might be a prank, but this news has her Circle deeply
concerned with the fact that he was able to track her down.
They are investigating this "Arcanum."


The Thrill Seekers !

FRG] f necessity is the mother of invention, its

(Se) father must be boredom.—E. G.
/ Thrill seekers are almost by defini-
tion a strange lot. Motivated by
boredom, addiction to excitement
(some would say these are two sides of
the same coin), desire to be viewed as
unusual, a narcissistic wish for power over death, a true
death wish, or just plain curiosity, they engage in activities
that others consider crazy. Bungee jumping or jumping off
buildings with only a harness and some nylon between you
and the unforgiving concrete are not the only forms of
thrill seeking, though this is what immediately comes to
most people's minds. In the World of Darkness, a number
of other equally, if not more, dangerous activities occupy
the time of a small core of people.

These activities include, but are not limited to, chan-
neling and hunting wraiths and Spectres, baiting Spectres
and Malfeans, destroying and becoming Fetters (by means
of Lifeweb), and "playing pinball" with Artificers who are
Riding the Electron Highway. A number of small organiza-
tions have come into being to regulate the activities of
these thrill seekers; other organizations exist simply be-
cause of a common interest in specific forms of dangerous
behavior.

The organizations described below consist of both the
"responsible" and the "fraternal" types of thrill-seeking
communities. All of them know something of the Under-
world, or they would not be able to engage in the activities
they do; yet, they do not know everything, for an element
of chance must exist for the activity to remain compelling.

The Wisteria Prophets

An organization hearkening back to the Victorian
spiritist tradition of the late 1800s, the Wisteria Prophets
have now become primarilya thrill-seeking circle of middle-
aged channelers. They meet on Sunday evenings in the
beautiful wisteria gardens of the small Museum of Victoriana
in Littlemore, England, and, during inclement weather, in
the basement of the Museum.

The Prophets were founded in 1882 in Oxford by Lord
Alfred Whitingshire, a self-described channeler and some-
time poet. With his death in WWI, they were forced to
move to Littlemore, where Sir Geoffrey Albingsly, a sickly
and often depressed member, maintained a residence large
enough to accommodate their meetings. A staunchly con-
servative group, the Prophets always tried to preserve the
Victorian atmosphere of their seances and other activities.
In 1925, shortly before he died, Sir Albingsly began to
convert his residence into a Victorian museum, where the
Prophets could continue to meet even after he died. After
willing the museum to the Prophets in 1926, Albingsly

committed suicide in the vain hope that they would be able
to channel his released spirit.

The Wisteria Prophets today number only nine, but
none of these nine have missed a meeting since joining the
group. True to tradition, they gather around crystal balls,
Ouija boards and planchettes to witness as wraiths rap on
tables, levitate objects, play music, and prophesy. Some-
times they even give demonstrations to the public.

Still, most members find this tradition a little too
quaint; they prefer to engage in more dangerous activiti
private channeling sessions during which members at-
tempt to channel wraiths and Spectres (the latter is more
dramatic) and ghosthunting trips in which they try to scare
themselves by summoning the dead in haunted locales.
Five years ago, a member died from a broken neck during
one of these trips when a Spectre appeared and pushed him
from the balcony of a haunted hotel. Since then, the
Prophets have become a little more cautious, butnot nearly
cautious enough.

Entrance Criteria
The Wisteria Prophets welcome anyone as long as he
or she believes in ghosts. They look askance at skeptics,
who tend to ruin their fun.

A generally harmless bunch, the Prophets seek refuge
from a humdrum life by engaging in dangerous practices
like channeling Spectres. While they do take precautions,
such as strapping Spectre-possessed channelers to chairs,
they enjoy the rush they get from daring fate and risking
their souls.

Organization

The Prophets themselves do not have any formal
organization; however, in order to maintain the Museum,
they have appointed a director and a financial officer.
These two, Elizabeth Walker and Toby Jenkins, take dona-
tions from the Prophets, organize seminars and tours, and
purchase additional victoriana. Every three years, the Proph-
ets vote to appoint someone to these positions, but for the
last ten years, Walker and Jenkins have been the only ones
to run. It should be mentioned that, during seances and
other group activities, the Prophets need an informal
leader to direct their efforts. Elizabeth Walker usually takes
this role, although she will readily relinquish it if someone
else wishes to take over.

Mythand Fact

The Prophets have very little accurate information
about the Underworld. For instance, they believe that
ghosts change from wraiths to Spectres and back again in
conjunction with the phases of the moon, and that barghests
are actually the spirits of channelers, trapped in the Under-
world while the medium is possessed.

Cuapren Two: Tue Hunters 41


Resources
Although Albingsly willed his entire estate to the
Prophets, the group possesses only what its members bring
to it. The Museum stays solvent primarily through
fundraising activities and high admission fees, and the
Prophets use some of these monies to purchase needed
equipment, such as a computer, laser printer, and photo-
copier, as well as to pay the landscapers to take care of the
garden. Members pay out of pocket for travel expenses.

Ranking System
The Wisteria Prophets have no formal hierarchy, al-
though they can be cliquish, dividing themsel
of starving artists and wealthy, unemployed widows and
widowers. Despite this social barrier, the Prophets get along
very well together and generally respect one another.

Current Projects

Walker and Jenkins frequently arrange activities for
Sunday nights, as well as organizing Friday- and Saturday-
night visits to haunted locales. The following are some
upcoming activities they have planned:

© A trip deep into the moors of Scotland, where, for
the last five months, luminescent Spectres have been
appearing under the new moon to reenact a murder scerie.
Walker will try to channel one of these Spectres

into factions

Tue Quick ano Tae Dean

¢ A weekend trip to board a haunted fishing troller
that Walker found in The Wash near Skegness, England
while diving there. The Prophets will be scuba diving at
night to get to it and then silently trying to channel
whoever died there.

¢ A hunting trip to a cottage in the countryside near
Dublin where a member of the IRA died violently on
Christmas Eve. The group will summon the ghost and
attempt a Minor Binding (see Chapter 3 for rules).

The Bloo Moons

This group of malicious and devious thrill-seekers inten-
tionally destroys wraiths for fun. They call themselves the Bloo
Moons just to be different, and bait Spectres for the excitement
of seeing wraiths die. They differ from kids who pull the wings
off flies and dissect live cats only in that they are much less
naive. Those who know of them believe that the original leader
was a Benandante who should never have been Unhooded.
When the secrets of Unhooding were revealed to him, he began
to collect a gang of miscreants who, like him, were born with
caulsand had been Unhooded. Some hypothesize that the Bloo
Moons have actually become spectral Fetters.

Allof the original members of the Bloo Moons are now
dead, save one. Before he fell into a coma peering into a
Nihil, he found six new members for the gang that today
continues to feed innocent wraiths into hungry spectral


an eR
maws. They do so using trickery and deceit, by directing
Enfants into the Tempest or by spreading rumors that draw
older wraiths there. With some practice, they have learned
how to produce the spectral scream that draws Spectres and
sometimes Malfeans to feed on the bait in their traps.

As in some gangs, there are a few dissidents within the
Bloo Moons who do not believe that what they are doing
is right, but the peer pressure is such that they do it anyway.
Should one of these gang members become leader in the
future, however, the Bloo Moons could use their knowl-
edge to benefit, not destroy, wraiths. In the meantime, the
Bloo Moons consider wraiths their playthings.

Entrance Criteria

Potential new Bloo Moons must be streetwise, tough, and
Unhooded. Like any gang, the Bloo Moons don't accept just
anyone; newbies have to prove themselves, maybe by killing
an Enfant, maybe by getting drunk and stepping into the
Tempest. There is no formal test that recruits must pass to get
in, but every gang member has gone through an initiation.
Generally, recruits also have to put up with being ranked on,
and they have to be very sure they don't do something stupid
until the next new guy (or gal) comes along. The Benandanti
who know of the Bloo Moons want to extinguish them. To
them, the gang represents everything that is bad about human-
ity; in turn, the Bloo Moons view Benandanti as "Boy Scouts,"
and delight in tormenting the rare Benandante they run across.

Attitude

Bad. In some ways, the Bloo Moons could be classified
as Hunters rather than thrill seekers, but once the novelty
of killing wraiths wears off, they will become bored and find
some other destructive occupation. Because they are fol-
lowing an ideology, on the other hand, hunters usually
hunt and do not give up or get bored.

Organization

The leader of the Bloo Moons is currently a ruthless
jerk named Fargo. Some of his gang members believe Fargo
is crazy, but they don't want to take off because they are
afraid he'll kill them without a second thought. Fargo rules
by fear alone.

The Bloo Moons hang out in an abandoned shed in the
bad part of San Jose. Most of them have been arrested at
least once, usually for theft and possession of illegal sub-
stances, never for drug trafficking. In that sense, other
gangs have no reason to bother them, but sometimes they
are just so obnoxious that they invite trouble.

Myth and Fact

Because the Bloo Moons can see into and enter the
Underworld, they know what the Underworld is like first-
hand. However, they believe that wraiths and Spectres are
fundamentally animals, and they are no believers in the
SPCA. Wraiths, if they knew, could use this misconcep-

a ee —— at. vat

tion against them, as the Bloo Moons expect them to be no.
more intelligent than apes.

Resources
The gang lives by stealing, so whatever they can get
their hands on, they have. Most of them have motorcycles.

Ranking System

Fargo leads, the rest follow. Challenges to his leadership
are likely to be met with quick, ruthless violence; one gang
member learned this after losing his left eye (ironically, he can
now use this eye to see clearly in the Tempest). Among the
other gang members, whoever seems the strongest or the most
dangerous wins, but there generally aren't many fights be-
tween them, as they consider themselves brothers.

CurrentProjects
The Bloo Moons are getting ready for another Tem-
pest Run, as they call it. This one will involve finding
Enfants and throwing them headlong into a Nihil to see
what happens.

Solo Artists
Aany individuals prefer to work alone, out-

side the strictures of an organization. Although
they lack the benefits derived from membership
in the ghosthunting organizations that seek jus-
tice, knowled,
the freedoms that their organi:
not. Below :

can use in your chronicle or create (with the

>, power, or thrills, they also enjoy

counterparts do

some ideas for "solo artists" you
Storyteller's blessing)

* Mortal Freelancers:

Individuals who hire out their ghosthunting
talents to others for a fee. Payment may be taken
in money or in something else of value to the
freelancer, such as a rare occult book or, depend-
ing on the freelancer's nature, the very soul of the
employer. Most freelancers who are hunters en-
tered the business via friends or relatives and
many work for hunter or knowledge-seeking orga-
nizations.

Spectres and Shadows:

Occasionally, aSpectre orawraith'sown Shadow
will hire itselfoutasa freelancerto huntotherbeings
of the Underworld, particularly when it has a ven
detta against a certain group or individual which it
wants to see satisfied. The payment often forms part
of the attraction that made the creature hire itself
t paid to do something

out to begin with: why not

you were going to do anyway?

Cuarren Two: Tue Hunters 43


The Pinball Wizards

In 1992, a group of five MIT computer science stu-
dents with a mutual interest in the occult were holding a
seance in their dorm when the screensaver running on one
of their Macintoshes suddenly began to speak. The sexy
blonde on the screen told them that her murdered body was
decaying in one of the mysterious steam tunnels running
underneath the school and that she wanted vengeance for
her death. After searching for evidence of a prank and
discovering nothing, they climbed into the tunnels to
begin their investigation. At around 3 A.M. the following
morning, one of them discovered the decomposing body of
a brunette woman, the strangle marks on her neck still
visible. When the whole thing blew over, the students —
who were initially under suspicion — were relieved that
the police had found the murderer.

After the police investigation, they searched for clues
as to what the screensaver incident had meant. After they
had conducted a myriad of experiments on the computer,
the only conclusion they could draw was that the spirit of
the dead woman had actually spoken to them through the
screensaver. Their next question was how.

After months of experimentation, they came upon the
answer: they concluded that spirits of the dead could
somehow "possess" electrons and entire machines. To test
their theory, they, with the aid of Professor Mackay — an
old E.E. professor who had an interest in ghosts — set up
their computer to reroute electricity intoa pinball machine
they had in their room. Mackay, secretly a member of the
Arcanum, told them that he knew how to summon and
bind the ghost so that it did not release the possessed
electrons (see "Character Creation" for rules). He set up
the experiment, and, when the ghost arrived, the students
rerouted her into the pinball machine, which promptly
went wild: the flippers moved back and forth on their own,
while colored lights angrily flickered on and off.

The students were so impressed that they asked Mackay
to join them in conducting further experiments. Arguing
that he was too old to evoke the wrath of the Restless, he
declined, but he gave them the complex blueprints that
showed how to trap spirits in machines (see rules for
Ephemera, Major Binding, and Dismissal in Chapter 3).

Because of their success, the five students called them-
selves The Pinball Wizards and endeavored to learn more
about this phenomenon. Since 1992, the Wizards have
learned not only how to reroute and trap spirits other than
those who, in game terms, use Inhabit, but also how to play
pinball and electric guitar with them, and how to power all
manner of things, including an electric car (a dangerous,
but fun activity, as the angry spirit may try to retaliate while
they are driving), an electric toothbrush, and a massager.
The wraiths trapped within these devices (especially the
massager) are furious and, if they ever get out, will doubtless

~ 4a Tue Quiex ano THe Deap

= a ee

— he i = a —

devise fitting punishments for the students responsible. But
for now, the students are carefree and having fun.

Entrance Criteria
The Wizards are not necessarily closed to outsiders,
but, unless the outsider was extremely enthusiastic about
their experiments, they would find him or her a bit strange.
Ofcourse, the outsider must have some knowledge useful to
them (e.g., electronics, computers, occult) or he will sim-
ply be ignored.

Attitude
The Wizards are cognizant of the fact that the spirits
they trap become furious and dangerous, but the promise of
more excitement compels them to continue their experi-
ments. Although rather callous about the spirits' feelings
and situations, they nonetheless are not evil — merely
extremely selfish.

Organization

The Wizards meet most nights in their dorm room to
work on their experiments. Students in nearby rooms have
filed a number of complaints against them because they are
often very loud; but so far they haven't gotten kicked out.
One of the younger Wizards, Steve Britton, is trying to
convince one of the Physics professors to loan him the key
to the lab for "extra credit" experiments.

Myth and Fact

The Wizards know only as much as they have seen;
consequently, they believe that ghosts are generally weak
creatures, most of them rather stupid and easily trapped.
The subtleties of wraith society would not interest them
even if they found a spirit willing to talk; their interest is
entirely in the practical applications of "ghost science".

The Wizards have only those resources available to
typical students at MIT —a computer or two, a number of
labs, and a great library. However, more than one has
wealthy parents, and if they could persuade them to offer
financial assistance for their "thesis project" — without
getting into the details thereof — they might be able to
afford more. Along the same lines, Dave Chung is research-
ing experimental organizations that might be willing to
offer grants to the Wizards for research, though he is
hesitant to reveal the exact nature of their projects.

Ranking System

Dave Chung, asenior, is Project Leader, and he has the
final say in what the Wizards do. Other than that one
formality, the Wizards have no real ranking system.


CurrentProjects

The Pinball Wizards have a wish list of projects a mile
high; though they don't even know where to start on some
of them, they intend to find out everything they can.

© Devise a machine that can trap multiple spirits at
once.

© Improve the existing rerouter so that it cannot be
detected or overloaded. Currently, if a wraith knows the
trap is set, he can spring it before entering by overloading
the circuit. This is a pain, as it requires a few hours to reset
the rerouter

Devise a rerouting controller that sends the spirit out
onto the Internet to fetch passwords and data and ensures
that the spirit returns.

SG
SSS
SS, WIG

¢ Invent a reliable "Ouija" computer, through which
the spirits of the dead could transmit extensive messages,
perhaps even write books on what the Afterlife is like.

© Understand the means by which spirit energy and
electricity are related — and possibly find a means of
converting one to the other.

© Discover the physical properties of spirits: what are
they capable of doing? Under what conditions can they

function best?

© Research the possibility of a superconductive sub-
stance containing trapped spirits.

Cuapten Two: Tue Hunters 45


Chapter Three:

CharacterCreation

hosthunters, both solo artists and mem-
bers of organizations, comprise a wide
variety of personality types shaped by
very different experiences. This chap-
fi| ter discusses how to focus the character
creation process so that your selection
of these personalities and experiences
results in a ghosthunter you'll enjoy playing.

You'll notice some differences between the character
sheets for ghosthunters and those for wraiths. Ghosthunters,

for instance, have seven Health levels, while wraiths have
10 levels of Corpus. Ghosthunters also lack sections for
Passions, Arcanos, Fetters, and Pathos, as they have none
of these. However, ghosthunters may have Numina, Talis-
mans, and so forth, and these are reflected in the
ghosthunting character sheet at the back of this book. Use
the chart on the next page to focus your creativity and
narrow down the direction in which you think you want to
take your character.


Ne ei a ee cece mee ee eet rt he, caeee ee

Character Creation Outline

Step One: Character Concept:
hoare you?
© Choose Nature, Demeanor, Membership
© Determine Concept, Motivation, and

Catalyst

Step Two: SelectAttributes
© Priovi

Secondary 4, Tertiary 3

your three categories: Primary 6,

© Choose Physical Traits: Strength,
Stamina, and Dexterity

© Choose Social Traits: Charisma, Ma
nipulation, and Appearance

© Choose Mental Traits: Perception, In
telligence, and Wits

Step Three: SelectAbilities
© Prioritize your three categories: Talents,
Skills and Knowledges
© Choose Talents: What can you do natu
rally?
Choose Skills: What are you trained to do?
© Choose Knowledges: What have you

studied?

Step Four: Selectyour Advantages

© Choose Background Traits (5)

Step Five: Finishing Touches

¢ Record Base Willpower (3)

© Spend Freebie Points (21) on Numina,
optional Merits and Flaws (in Wraith
Players Guide), or to increase At-
tributes, Abilities, Willpower, or Back-
grounds

¢ Record Personalia: Appearance, Home,

Talismans, ete.

Step One: Character Concept

Begin by formulating a character concept. It need not
be highly detailed, as you will flesh out your character
through the character creation process and during play. For
now, simply find a concept that you have a strong interest
in exploring.

Personality Archetypes

Choosing a Nature and Demeanor (from Chapter Six,
Wraith: the Oblivion) should be another way of defining
your character. Is her outward behavior an accurate repre-
sentation of who she is, or is she constantly trying to be
something she's not? Your choice of Nature and Demeanor
can help you to answer some of the questions about the
character's background.

Membership

Does your character belong to an organization or doesshe
prefer to work alone? Give careful thought to the manner in
which your character's personality type and background fits
into or finds itself at odds with her organization. If you think
that a character's personality would be too much at odds with
the majority of an organization's members, you might want to
create a solo artist, a ghosthunter who works on her own.
Regardless, your character should be someone who can fit in
with the other characters in your group.

Concept

Finding a strong concept entails deciding in general
terms what your character is like. Is he a private investiga-
tor, doubting supernatural explanations in favor of more
"rational" ones? Or is she a housewife, just trying to figure
out why the furniture keeps moving around in the new
house? While seeking out ghosts may be a large part of your
character's life, what does she think herself to be?

Motivation
Why does your character seek out the Restless Dead?
Some of the motivations offered in this book are knowl-
edge, power, and thrills. If these don't suit your character,
by all means — make one up! The point here is to develop
a reason for your character to continue the chase.

Catalyst
After deciding on a motivation, think about what caused
your character to become a ghosthunter in the first place.
What event or realization catalyzed this motivation? Was ita
personal tragedy (Spectres consumed your lover's soul), a
strong mentor figure, a glimpse through the Shroud? What-
ever the catalyst, it should be something profound and lasting.

Step Two: Choosing Attributes
Your character starts with one free dot in each At-

tribute, the minimum rating possible. Distribute 6 dots in
Primary Attributes, 4 dots in Secondary, and 3 in Tertiary.

Ss

Step Three: Choosing Abilities

This step is handled in the same manner as Ability
selection for wraiths. Prioritize your character's abilities
according to Talents, Skills, and Knowledges, then choose
from those listed in Wraith, substituting Spiritual Alert-
ness for Awareness, and Body Reading for Meditation.
Additional Abilities are listed at the end of this chapter.
Your character starts with 11 dots for Primary, 7 dots for
Secondary, and 4 dots for Tertiary Abilities. Note that you
should not go over three dots in any Ability yet; use Freebie
points to raise your scores higher if you like.

Step Four: Select Advantages

Just as wraiths have Backgrounds, so do ghosthunters.
Backgrounds from Wraith appropriate for ghosthunting
characters are Allies, Artifacts, Contacts, Mentor, Notori-
ety, and Status (within y tion), with the
Storyteller's permission. Additional Backgroundsare listed
in this chapter. Your character starts out with 5 points to
allocate in Backgrounds.

Step Five: Finishing Touches
Now that you have the basis for your character, breathe
life into him or her with the details. Now is the time to
record your base Willpower (3), choose your Merits and
Flaws (optional), distribute your 21 Freebie Points, and

ur orgar

record personalia

Willpower

Willpower is extremely important in preventing Fog
reactions and helping power some Numina. Your character
begins with a base Willpower of 3, though you may increase
this by spending freebie points

Freebie Points

"Freebie Points" may be used to purchase
Numina, Merits, or to increase Attributes, Abili
ties, Backgrounds and Willpower. Flaws may be
chosen to add "Freebie Points", up toa maximum
of five. See Wraith Players Guide fora full listir
of Merits and Flaws.
Trait
Attributes

Abilities

Cost

5 per dot
2 per dot
Backgrounds 1 per de
First Numina Type 7 per dot

14 per dot

3 per dot

ond Numina Type

Extra rituals

Willpower 2 per dot

Merits and Flaws (optional)

Using the Wraith Players Guide, purchase Merits
with extra Freebie Points; taking Flaws will give you addi-
tional Freebie Points. Obviously, your Storyteller will have
to determine whether the Merits and Flaws you pick are
appropriate to your character and to the chronicle as a
whole.

Numina

See Numina, below.

Numina are the powers that ordinary mortals do not
have: Hedge Magic, Psychic Abilities, and True Faith. You
may use your Freebie Points to purchase Numina recom-
mended or required for your organization. If you are a Solo
Artist and you purchase a Numina power, be sure to
provide an adequate explanation for why your character
would have this rare ability. Remember, it's perfectly all
right to create a completely "mundane" character; don't
believe for a second that you need to have "super powers"
to fit in to a hunters game.

Record Personalia

Finally, record such details as where your character
lives and what he or she looks like. Does he live in a
mansion, a monastery, or an apartment? If the latter, does
he share the rent with others? What does this mean for him
when he comes in at four in the morning after hunting
ghosts all night? Does he have any quirks (aside from little
ones like ghosthunting)? If he works, what does he do?

New Abilities

New Talents

ike other Talents, ghosthunting Tal-
ents are not achieved through study;
rather, your character either possesses
them at an intuitive level or acquires
them through experience.

Spiritual Alertness

You are aware of the spiritual world around you, even
if youcannotsee it directly. Most people have this talent to
some degree or other: when a ghost touches them, they feel
a chill run down their spine or suddenly have the strange
feeling they are being watched. Spiritual Alertness en-
hances this effect so that the individual can, without
actually seeing into the Underworld, distinguish spiritual

sensations.

This Talent differs from Awareness (see Wraith: The
Oblivion) in that those who possess it are specifically aware
of the presence of ghosts, and not of occult or supernatural
things in general. Note that to you, wraiths and Spectres
might be "good" and "evil" ghosts respectively, positively

Guapren Tunte: Cunracten Creation 49
S a Rae
SSR je PE RAR SR a


al 4s
ornegatively charged spiritual energy, or whatever concept
is most appropriate to your world view. Take some time to
think about what kind of Spiritual Awareness your charac-
ter would possess.

. Novice: You do not have to be touched by a
ghost to feel its presence.
ee Practiced: You can sense whether or not

there is more than one ghost around you.

eee Competent: You can distinguish between
wraiths and Spectres if they are touching you.
Expert: You can distinguish between wraiths
and Spectres if they are nearby.

eeeee Master: Youcan sense aspiritual trap lyingin

wait.

Possessed by: Ghosthunters, Field Researchers,
Channelers

Specialties: Powerful Wraiths, Malfeans, Barghests

New Skills
Body Re

You can tell what people are thinking by the almost
imperceptible body gestures they make. You sense their
emotions and can determine whether or not they are
hiding something. Some may call this intuition, but in
reality it is a skill of finely tuned perception, keen atten-
tiveness to body language, and — most importantly —
correct interpretation of nonverbal communication.

. Novice: You notice and can correctly inter-
pret obvious gestures, such as failure to meet
someone's eyes, and body language, such as
crossed legs.

oe Practiced: You can interpret more subtle
gestures, such as eye movement and foot
position.

eee Competent: You can correctly interpret the
body language of a salesperson.

Expert: You can correctly interpret the body

language of a politician.

eeeee Master: Youcan correctly interpret the body
language of a gifted actor.

Possessed by: Fortune Tellers, Channelers, Priests

Specialties: Children, Women, Men

Because hunters involve themselves in the affairs of
the Underworld in different ways, they have varying levels
of knowledge about the denizens and geography of the
Underworld. "Hunter Knowledges" represent in game terms
the level of understanding of the Underworld that a hunter
has attained about a particular subject. Hunters acquire
these knowledges in means as varied as their hunting

methods. Some hit the books, others serve as Consorts,
while still others are trained by their organizations.

Starting characters generally have very few, if any, of
these knowledges. It is suggested that Storytellers require
characters to acquire a rating of Occult 4 or higher with a
specialization in ghosts before they allow them to gain any
of the knowledges listed below. Note also that the higher
the level of knowledge an individual possesses, the more
likely it is that the Hierarchy is after him for having
knowledge that he shouldn't.

Beliefs

Ifa hunter wishes to involve himself, in a wise manner,
in the affairs of the Underworld, he must first understand
the politics, and thus the beliefs, of wraith society. Without
such an understanding, he becomes an easy target for
manipulation by the unscrupulous Dead. Beliefs allows
hunters to know where certain wraiths are coming from
and what their known agendas are.

° Novice: Knows of the existence of wraith
factions, but not their names.
ee Practiced: Knows of the existence of the

Heretics, the Hierarchy, and the Renegades.
eee Competent: Knows that the Hierarchy is the
most powerful group, and that the Heretics
and Renegades oppose them.

Expert: Knows of Transcendence and

Oblivion (by name).

eeeee Master: Knows in detail the philosophies
espoused by one of these groups.

Denizens

Hunters wishing to learn more about the Underworld
would do well to first learn about its denizens, as they
provide the easiest (although sometimes the most inaccu-
rate) form of information about it. Denizens Knowledge
covers information known both about wraiths and about
those who are consumed by the Shadow.

° Novice: Knows the difference between a
wraith and a Spectre.

ee Practiced: Knows of the Underworld's slave
trade. Has heard the terms Drones, Enfants,
and Reapers.

eee Competent: Understands the differences be-
tween the Heretics, the Hierarchy, and the
Renegades. May be involved with members
of these groups. Knows what Deathlords are.
Expert: Knows what a Shadow is, has heard
of Malfeans, barghests, and Ferrymen.
eeeee Master: Possesses a depth, in addition to a
breadth, of knowledge covering Heretics,
Hierarchy, Renegades, Spectres, Malfeans,
Shadows, Drones, Enfants, Lemures, Reap-
ers, Legions, Ferrymen, or Deathlords.


Destruction of Spirits

Many mortals see the Dead as a threat to the living.
Their one goal is thus to eliminate that threat. Still others
view the Dead as more passively dangerous and wish to
know how to protect themselves if conflict arises. Destruc-
tion of Spirits Knowledge covers the details of how to
destroy a spirit or eliminate (permanently or temporarily)
the threat it poses.

Novice: Knows that to destroy a wraith on the
physical plane means that it has only become
incorporeal and thus still exists in the Under-
world. Knows that ghosts have Corpi on the
spiritual plane.

Practiced: Knows certain limited things —
e.g., that a Maelstrom hurts wraiths, that Spec-
tres inhabit Maelstroms and thus cannot be
destroyed by them, or that the Restless —
including mortal souls (if able to walk the
Underworld) — can destroy each other.
Competent: Knows how to manipulate the
system — e.g., use the slave trade to get rid of
pesky Enfants and Lemures. May perform exor-
cisms and Warding or Forbiddance rituals,
though success is not guaranteed.

Expert: Knows about darksteel and barrow-
flame. Knows of an Artifact that will cause
damage to spirits.

Master: Knows to destroy a wraith's Fetters (or
use them to get at a wraith) and sources of
Memoriam (i.e., those who provide the emo-
tional energy that fuels a wraith's Lifeweb).
Also may know how to forge simple weapons
that can be wielded in the Underworld.

Geography

This knowledge gives hunters an idea of the layout of
the Underworld, and the political or spiritual territories
each area represents. It covers political boundaries — such
as Stygia —as well as Underworld phenomena, such as the
Tempest, Maelstroms, and Nihils.

Novice: Knows that there are places and
things in the Underworld to avoid (e.g., the
Tempest, Maelstroms, Nihils), but not their
locations or their names.

Practiced: Distinguishes among Stygia, the
Shadowlands, and the Tempest. Knows their
characteristics and their inhabitants.
Competent: Has heard of the Far Shores.
May have glimpsed the Shadowlands, or per-
haps Stygia.

Expert: Visits Necropoli with some regular-
ity or has peered into the Tempest.

Cuapren Tunee: Cuaracter GREATION 51


e008 Master: Knows as much about the Under-
world as an experienced wraith does. Under-
stands what the Shadowlands, Stygia, the Far
Shores, the Tempest, Haunts, Maelstroms,
Necropoli and Citadels are. May also have
some incidental knowledge of Nihils, the
Labyrinth, and byways in the Tempest.

It has been said that without knowledge of the past, one
cannot adequately predict the course of the future. The history
of the Underworld would make a tremendously long textbook,
as itbegins with the origins of death itself. Longand complicated
though it might be, however, it still merits attention, as it gives
hunters an understanding of the origins of the current system in
the Underworld anda feeling for what the future there might be
e. Note that the History Knowledge only indicates how much
at the character knows is true; someone with only one dot
may have gotten a lot of information that was wrong.

. Novice: Has heard of Charon and the dis-
content of the Renegades during the Pax
Romana.

ee Practiced: Knows that the Maelstrom and
the Tempest have increased in strength over
the centuries. Knows the unsettling history
of the Maelstroms.

eee Competent: Has heard of the Lady of Fate and
knows the Dictum Mortem by heart. Under-
stands that the Hierarchy remains a tribute to
the feudalism of a bygone era, and knows the
history of the great Evacuation.

eeee Expert: Wonders if Charon was the same man
behind the mask, or many differentmen. Knows
the history of the Guilds.

e@eeee Master: Is aware of the information in "A
Revision of the Imperial History of Stygia" (see
Wraith: The Oblivion, pp. 43-56).

Powers

Wraiths and Spectres exhibit powers beyond mortal
ken, powers rarely seen in the Skinlands. Powers Knowl-
edge enables hunters to understand these Arcanos or the
spectral powers being used around or against them. Power
Knowledge must be gained separately for wraith Arcanos

and spectral powers.

. Novice: Knows the characteristics of one
Arcanos or one shade power.
ee Practiced: Knows the characteristics of two

Arcanos or shade powers.
eee Competent: Knows the characteristics of
three Arcanos or shade powers.
Expert: Knows the characteristics of four
Arcanos or shade powers.

Master: Knows the characteristics of five
Arcanos or shade powers.

Tue Quick ano THe Dean


Underworld Miscellanea
Underworld Miscellanea knowledge covers the many
pieces of knowledge pertaining to the Underworld besides
those dealing with its inhabitants, politics, and geography.
Such "trivia" often proves more useful than it seems when a
hunteris confronted by a hostile spirit oran unknown Artifact.
. Novice: Knowsdetailed informationaboutone
of the following items, orgeneralitiesabout two.
of them: certain relics, certain artifacts, cauls,
plasm, Fetters, Passions, the Eidolon, the
Shadow, oboli, Memoriam, Pathos, darksteel,
the Fog, the Shroud, the importance of masks,
deathmarks, ghosthunters, Projectors, etc.
oe Practiced: Knows details about two items, or
generalities about three of them.
© Competent: Knows details about three items,
or generalities about four.
Expert: Knows details about four items, or
generalities about five.
Master: Knows details about five items, or
generalities about six.

Other Knowledges
Herbalism

You have a working knowledge of herbs and their
properties, medicinal and otherwise. You can find and
prepare herbs and know which herb or blend of herbs to use
for any situation. This skill will also provide knowledge of
the magical lore of plants.

e Novice: Read a book on it once.

Practiced: Serious student.
Competent: Local supplier.

Expert: Author of books on herbalism.
°° Master: Herbal doctor.

Possessed by: Holistic Healers, New Agers, Wise
Women, Sophistes, Members of Traditional Cultures

Specialties: Culinary, Medicinal, Poisonous, Narcot-
ics, Hallucinogens, Spirit

Organization Knowledge

You know the history of your organization through the ages,
from its inception to the modern day. This skill can be purchased
separately for the history of other organizations, as well.

. Novice: Interested Outsider.

Practiced: New Initiate.

Competent: Practiced Acolyte.
¢ Expert: Council Authority.
ee Master: Founding member.

Possessed by: Scholars, Enthusiasts, Organization
Members

Specialties: Sons of Tertullian, Alternate Energy
Group, Arcanum, Benandanti, etc.

Rituals

You know the appropriate pomp and circumstance
requisite for the completion of organizational duties. But
even more important than the average knowledge, you
have knowledge of secret organizational ceremonies that
are part of the Ritualistic formulae effective against the
supernatural. They must be used in conjunction with
Numina for any effect to occur, and they must be purchased
separately for each ceremony learned. You do not need to
have memorized these ceremonies; they can be recorded on
paper, on computer, or anywhere else that is handy.

° Novice: You've read someone else's notes.

oe Practiced: You can recite/perform the basic
ceremony.

eee Competent: You know what to do, without
fail.

Expert: People recognize your expertise.
Master: You can ad-lib and no one will
know.

Possessed by: Exorcists, Priests, Occult Researchers,
other organization members

Specialties: Varies by organization

Adapted and New Backgrounds
(NAMEN) ome Backgrounds listed in Wraith:
OH) The Oblivion obviously do not apply
SA) to ghosthunters (for example, Haunt
>> "]/ and Memoriam). Others work for
ghosthunters with the modifications.
| that follow:

Allies

Allies are those who aid characters but are not mem-
bers of their organizations. Scholarly characters may have
few allies, as their noses are stuck in their books instead of
into other people's business. Thrill- and power-seeking
characters may have more allies (and contacts), since
theirs are more people-oriented activities.

Artifact

Characters who are capable of traveling into the
Underworld (e.g., the Benandanti or Bloo Moons) may
purchase this Background. If a character owns an Artifact
that magnifies Arcanos, she cannot use its powers directly,
but she can trade it or use it for leverage with wraiths.

Contacts
Characters may make contacts with both the living
and the dead. Again, scholarly characters are less likely to
have, but are not wholly barred from having, contacts,
while power-seekers are likely to have many of them.

Cuarren Tunte: Cuaracter GREATION 53


Eidolon
Living characters have fewer direct experiences with
their "higher self," so this is a rare Background to have.
However, the dead do not suddenly "generate" an Eidolon
upon dying; the higher self is something that grows with
you throughout life and sticks with you after death, just as
your "lower self" (Shadow) does. Thus, ghosthunters may
purchase the Eidolon Background. Eidolon gives your
character a certain resistance to possession and spectral
temptation. For each dot you have in Eidolon, you may add
one additional die per session to any roll to resist spectral
or Shadow powers. Certain groups, such as the Wisteria
Prophets, may wish to purchase this Background to avert
the chances of complete possession.

Mentor

Mentors within your organization are often good sources
of information or guidance. A mentor can help you learn
new Numina, assuming she knows them. To do so, the
player may roll anumber of dice equal to the number of dots
in Mentor; for Numina, each success subtracts one from the
number of experience points needed to learn a specific
Numina.

Resources
Being a wealthy ghosthunter is a definite boon, par-
ticularly if you want to research or hunt full-time. As with
any Background, you should record the source of your
character's wealth.

. Small savings: You have an apartment and
pethaps a motorcycle. If liquidated, you would
have$1000incash. Allowance of$500amonth.

oe Middle class: You have an apartment orcondo-
minium. If liquidated, you would have $8,000
in cash. Allowance of $1200 a month.

eee Large savings: You own a house (or at least

have some equity). If liquidated, you would
have $50,000 in cash. Allowance of $3000 a
month.

Well-off: You own a large house, or perhaps a
dilapidated country manor. If liquidated, you
would have $500,000 in cash. Allowance of
$9000 a month.

Fantastically rich: You are easily a millionaire
many times over. If liquidated, you would have
at least $5,000,000 in cash. Allowance of
$30,000 a month.

Status

Status for ghosthunters belonging to an organization
works the same way as it does for wraiths belonging to or
marked for recruitment by social groups in the Underworld.

en LS

New Backgrounds
Talismans

You possess a talisman (see "Fetishism" below) that
you did not create. You may have been born with it (e.g.,
acaul), or you may have acquired it through your member-
ship in an organization (e.g., an ECE) or by other means.
Once the mystical powers in the talisman are expended,
the talisman no longer functions. The level of the talisman
determines this Background's level.

Personal Library

Having an extensive library of supernatural topics can
greatly aid a character's research. However, knowledgeable
and accurate books on the supernatural, particularly on the
Underworld, are difficult to acquire. Sometimes it takes years
ofresearch tofind even one good tome. Still, to many scholarly
researchers, the search is worth the effort, as a good personal
library may yield invaluable clues to further research. Each dot
in Personal Library counts as a success toward research rolls
concerning the Underworld.

. A shelf full of rare and unique books.

ee Several shelves full of rare and unique books.
A bookcase full of rare and unique books.
Several bookcases full of rare and unique books.
¢¢ Assmall room full of rare and unique books.

Home Base

Most organizations require a regular meeting place or
a base of operations in which to carry out the duties and
goals of the organization. Many such locales have blessings
or wards placed upon them, in addition to modern security
measures, to protect them from hostile or mischievous
supernatural entities such as ghosts. Each point in this
Background gives five points for creating a home base.
Note that it is possible for characters to combine their
points into a shared base of operations.

Sidekicks

Sidekicks are junior members or allies of your organiza-
tion who may be indebted to you or want to work with/under
you for reasons of their own. Assuming you treat them well,
they are always loyal and are usually personal friends as well;
you may have your differences, buta Sidekick will neverbetray
you. Sidekicks are created using standard mortal character
creation rules, but with fewer Freebie Points (see below). At
higherlevels, youcan obtain Sidekicks with as many asoreven.
more Freebie Points than your own character, but you risk
losing the Sidekick if he ventures off on his own.

. Low-powered Sidekick (5 Freebie Points)

oo Average Sidekick (10 Freebie Points)
Above-average Sidekick (15 Freebie Points)
Great Sidekick (21 Freebie Points)

.

© Super Sidekick (30 Freebie Points)


ertain ghosthunters have access to spe-
cial advantages not available to the
average human population. These ad-
vantages are called Numina and are
comprised of three different Affiniti
Hedge Magic, Psychic Ability, and True
aaa Faith. Hedge Magic is further divided
into different Paths, and Psychic Ability into Phenomena.
True Faith is different altogether; advancement is earned,
not purchased, and Faith's effects are largely the Storyteller's
option. Access to multiple Affinities is rare and usually too
costly to consider for a beginning character. Even if the
points are there, learning new Numina is very difficult; the
character must find a mentor, peruse ancient texts, or
devote long hours of study or practice to acquiring the new
Affinity. As with everything, be sure that any Numina you
choose make sense with your character.

Affinity Costs

Numina Affinities cost seven character points for the
initial dot and double that (14 points) for each additional
starting dot of Affinity. If, for instance, you wanted to begin
the game with both Telepathy and Ephemera, it would cost
you 21 points. Obviously, specialization is helpful when
learning the mystic arts (particularly when you have only
21 Freebie Points with which to start).

Hedge Magic Paths Costs

Paths within the Hedge Magic Affinity cost only seven
points apiece to begin, and each new dot includes one free
Ritual of that Path level. These Rituals, which allow a
magician some latitude within her art, cost three Freebie
Points to purchase and three times the level of the Path to
buy with experience. A level three Ritual would then cost
nine points, while a first level one would only cost three.

Psychic Phenomena Costs

Psychic Phenomena are harder to diversify. The first
Phenomenon costs seven points, but any additional ones
require 14 points to buy initially. Each dot after the original
one costs only seven points. Thus, itis easier to get the hang
of anew ability after breaking through to discover it. There
is no such thing as a Psychic Ritual.

Costs After Character Creation

Each Numina Affinity (except True Faith) costs its
previous level x 7 to increase after character creation and
requires an Attribute + Ability roll to perform (the types of
rolls vary with the Path or Phenomena). Many also require
some time and effort. This is largely a roleplaying opportu-
nity, although Storytellers can assume that Hedge Magic
Effects take at least one turn per level to set up and use.

Cuaprer Tunee: Cuaracten CREATION 55


Numina also require some kind of focus or ceremony to
work. This can mean anything froma drawn-out rite involving
Conjuration and Blacksmithing toa trance or deep meditation.
Whatever the focus may be, it is essential and it must be
performed in the same way every time or it will not work.
Numina are not easily tossed off; they require work, skill, and
time. Using Hedge Magic among the uninitiated is tricky.
Many overt spells or abilities simply fail when observed by
skeptics, which is why many organizations keep their abilities
secret or do not allow skeptics to watch them perform their
Numina. The difficulty of working around the "magic is impos-
sible" paradigm couldbe reflected in complete failure, additional
difficulties to spells cast in public or additional Attribute +
Ability rolls (Manipulation + High Ritual, Charisma + Expres-
sion, etc.) which may be needed to convince an audience that
such magic was possible. Psychic Ability is generally easier to
use because it is often not as overt and because popular culture
finds it easier to believe in. Still, levitating a sofa is going to be
more than most people can accept.

Systems

Hedge Magic and Psychic Abilities require study,
ceremony, and concentration. The methods vary from art
to art and place to place, but the mechanics for each
Affinity are essentially the same:

© The level of the Path or Phenomena determines
what the practitioner can do (Cursing is the exception to
this).

© To perform Hedge Magic, some sort of ceremony
must be conducted or some focus must be used. Rituals can
take one turn per level of the magic (or even longer) and
might require extended successes. Some Paths cost a point
of Willpower each time a Ritual is used.

* Psychic Abilities are not instant powers. Users must
concentrate upon whatever they are doing for the duration
of the Effect. A focus may be necessary.

© An Attribute + Ability (usually Intelligence +
Occult for magic and Intelligence + Alertness for ESP) roll
should be made. Failure means the practitioner has to begin
again, with +1 to her difficulty for each additional try.

© Hedge Magic's usual difficulty is the Path's level + 4.
Psychic Abilities go against a difficulty of 8 or the target's
Willpower, depending on the Effect.

© The amount of successes needed to achieve certain
Hedge Magic Effects depends on the circumstances. Under
normal conditions, only one success is necessary to work an
easy Effect. More strenuous spells, such as lengthy Healings
or difficult Fetishes, require one success per Path level
before they work. Very difficult tasks, such as throwing up
a Ward against a pissed-off Doppleganger, demand an
additional penalty. The difficulty is raised by 2 for such
labors, up to a maximum of 10.

© Willpower can be spent to grant an automatic
success.

56 Tue Quick ano THE Deap


SS oe oo

Rituals

The dots describing Hedge Magic Effects define the
general abilities of the art. Rituals within those Paths allow
the practitioner a wider latitude with her actions. Such
Rituals must be purchased separately (see the new Knowl-
edge "Rituals" above) and are bound to the level of the
Effect. A practitioner must attain a level in her Path in
order to buy the corresponding Rituals which allow her to
expand its possibilities. The particulars of the Rituals
themselves are theoretically limitless. Some of them are
described below (see "Special Rituals").

If you want to create additional Rituals, for rules
purposes, use the Rituals suggestions mentioned at each
level of the Paths to define the magic's game Effect. Narrate
the story aspect of the spell as you see fit. A player may
design her own Rituals if she can justify the research in
story terms. However, her Storyteller should ensure that
the power of the Ritual does not exceed the general Effects
of the character's Path rating.

Although the particulars will vary from style to style,
these Rituals require a bit of time to perform and often
necessitate special objects like sacred relics, runes, holy
water, inscribed circles, Ouija boards, planchettes, medi-
cine bags, crystal balls, Tarot cards, blessed oil, cosmogonic
eggs, liknons, tea leaves, or I Ching books. Generally, the
more powerful the magic, the more complex the Ritual
must be.

Teamwork

Some forms of Hedge Magic demand that practitio-
ners pool their resources. Most forms of Psychic Abilities
are more potent if a number of talented people work
together. To do so, the characters must share a common
Path or Phenomena (Ephemera, Healing, and so forth). A
conjurer cannot help a channeler contact the dead — he
doesn't understand the nature of what his associate is
doing.

When two or more characters with related Numina
combine their efforts, one prime person makes the roll.
Each helper rolls his or her Attribute + Ability as well; an
additional turn may be required for each helper to join in.
For each successful assistant, lower the difficulty of the
prime character's roll by 1 to a minimum difficulty of 3.
This isn't helpful for short, easy tasks, but can be vital when
trying to pull off something really difficult, like levitating
a car or Binding a mad Spectre, which might require
extended rolls.

Teamwork failure usually leaves the prime character
where she started, with no help or hindrance. Anyone who
botches, however, adds +2 to the prime caster's difficulty or
subtracts her successes if more than one is needed. If the
task involved some sort of heavy power (a level 5 Effect, for
instance), an unpleasant side-effect might be forthcom-

Hedge Magic: The Paths

Some talented ghosthunters can learn a very limited
form of magic. Although most hunters do not typically
perform for the general public, they may gain some believ-
ers (and some side income) if they do. However, some
organizations frown upon such public display, as it often
attracts unwanted attention from various quarters. Because
of the problems associated with public performance, wise
practitioners keep their art a secret unless they have good
reason to do otherwise. And because of the general consen-
sus against performance among Those Who Know, it is
often difficult for a public practitioner to find a mentor to
teach him additional secrets of the art.

That said, there are a variety of Hedge Magic Paths,
each with a particular emphasis and structure. Their names
are given for convenience only; a Persian fravashi is un-
likely to refer to her spirit magic as "Ephemera." Each Path
lists its general description, Effects, limitations, system roll,
and the rituals necessary to do certain things. If you wish to
design alternate Paths or Rituals, use the descriptions
below as a guide. Remember, however, that Hedge Magic
is not as flashy as your typical fantasy magic; practitioners
donot hurl massive fireballs or cause huge bolts of lightning
to come crackling from the sky. Hedge Magic is slow,
difficult, low-key, and inextricably tied to a given style of
magic.

Cursing

Few ghosthunters practice this Path, but those who do
find it useful in affecting ghosts in ways that other Paths
cannot. It is one of the most ironical Paths, in that,
according to traditional folklore, ghosts are supposed to
curse the living; Cursing practitioners simply turn this
tradition on its head. After all, the best defense is a good
offense.

One of the oldest forms of magic, a Curse imparts some
bad wish onto an offending party. This ranges from the Evil
Eye toa group malediction. Though anybody can direct ill
will at someone, this Path allows a Hedge Magic practitio-
ner to vent his spleen with real effect. At its most basic
level, such a curse quickly fouls up its victim's life (or
unlife) and then dissipates. At its worst, potent Cursing can
last for decades.

The severity of the Curse is usually bound to the dots
in the character's Severity rating (the dots in his Path), and
the effects usually only happen once. With a number of
successes, however, the practitioner can make nasty things
happen to more than one person in a given group. A
practitioner cannot Curse someone more severely than his
skill will allow (i.e. above the dots he has) if working alone.
Ifhe works with a group versed in the same Path, however,
his anger carries more clout.

The basic system for Cursing is simple. The magician
decides what he wants to inflict (within his ability), spends

Cuapren Tunee: Cuanacten Grearion 57
= -
ee e
ES S
sa 3 de x
IG OO eae Y 2: » ¢
Need NRE Yer A


one turn per level of Severity mystically collecting and focus-
ing his hate, then discharges it in some cathartic fashion (a
scream, adance, etc.). His player rolls Manipulation + Intimi-
dation to work the Effect and spendsa point of Willpower. His
successes are divided between Relation and Severity (player's
choice), allowing a player to custom-tailor his Curse. The
Curse's Effect occurs soon afterward, at some point and in
some way determined by the Storyteller, not the practitioner;
he may choose whom he affects, but not how they are affected.

Supernatural creatures such as ghosts may be cursed,
but they can resist the Effect with a successful Willpower
roll. This roll's difficulty will usually be 7 or 8, but might go
as high as 9 if the practitioner was especially powerful or
successful. Ifa Circle of wraiths is cursed, each wraith must
roll Willpower individually. Naturally, the being in ques-
tion has to be aware of the Curse in order to resist it. With
some work (e.g., using Fatalism to read the victim's fate),
wraiths can discover Curses placed upon them.

If, for instance, the sophistes Carmina Echevarria (with
three dots in Curse) rolls four successes when Cursing the
wraith Gianni who tamished her family's honor, she could
choose to inflict a serious injury or cause embarrassment to
both the wraith and another member of his Circle. Gianni fails
his Willpower roll, difficulty 7. Two nights later, one of the
wraith's Memoria is "accidentally" destroyed (Severity 3). If
Carmina had decided to humiliate the wraith and his Circle
instead, Gianni's Memorium—his tombstone withan inscrip-
tion in Latin — is discovered to read "Gianni's wife was great."
Meanwhile, another member of the wraith's Circle is revealed
to be Gianni's wife (Severity 2). Simple, but effective!

Unlike most forms of Hedge Magic, Cursing can focus
the will of a group into a force more potent than a single
practitioner could muster. By acting in concert (see "Team-
work," above), an angry pack of Curse-skilled occult sophistes
could bring death and worse upon their enemies (thus
starting a whole new ghosthunting Chronicle). In such
cases, each additional member grants anew dot to the pool,
adding to either Severity, Relation, or both. Carmina,
therefore, could use up to four levels of Severity if she
teamed up with Delilah, a Creusan Enforcer, to curse
Gianni, and her difficulty drops by 1. In the case of group
Curses, set the initial difficulty at 8 for simplicity.

Curses do not force events to happen or rearrange the
laws of nature (although some occult scholars believe that
true mages, if they indeed exist, would be capable of doing
so). They do, however, subtly nudge things or people
already in motion in the direction of the caster's intent.
Such events will only strike when a strong possibility exists
for them to do so, but, while a Curse may require days or
even months to take effect, it will happen.

An especially skilled practitioner may invoke the
Oblivion Curse (but only if she knows what Oblivion is) or
the Death Curse. By spending all her permanent Will-
power, the player can add that Willpower to her Curse dots

om


et i Mini, i i a, , i

and divide the total as she sees fit between Severity and
Relation. The wraith then turns into a mindless Drone (or
if a living mortal, a husk) and is consumed by his Shadow
(dies) soon after, burned out by inner hatred. A witch with
minimal skill in Cursing might only get four or five dots to
spend, but a powerful one could wither a whole Circle!

However, as any wise practitioner knows, rearranging the
paths of fortune can backfire on you. Botching a Curse will
bring the Effect back upon the caster in ways that should
delight even the most sadistic Storytellers. Even if the roll is
successful, there will always be some kind of fallout from a
Curse, especially a severe one (wraiths stick around much
longer than mortals. ..). The nature of this payback lies more
with storytelling than with systems, but should be in line with
the general power of the Curse and the ill will of the practitio-
ner. Backripples range from dropping an expensive item (and
having to pay for it) to the discovery ofa Refuge, from physical
ailments to psychical ones.

No Curse need be used at full potency. The caster may
choose to revoke the Curse at any time prior to its Effect.
A practitioner skilled in this Path can also try to undo
another's Curse with a Wits + Subterfuge roll (difficulty 9)
and a Willpower point. Similarly, a Pardoner could dispel
the Effect of an Oblivion Curse with the use of Castigate.

Roll: Manipulation + Intimidation (Costs 1 Will-
power)

Severity Effect (Path rating):

* A brief inconvenience (dropping an object, saying
something stupid, stubbing a toe, etc.)

© A slip-up which results in lasting injury or embar-

rassment (breaking a Relic, stepping on glass barefooted,
throwing up on the Japanese Prime Minister)
© A serious injury or illness, not incapacitating, but
painful and inconvenient (broken limb, gunshot wound,
spiritual leprosy)
¢ A lasting illness, not fatal, but debilitating
(stroke, heart attack, Alzheimer's disease, sudden loss of all
one's Fetters)
Death or Oblivion, usually by some ghastly
means (decapitation, impaling, mangling, torture, disease,
consumption by Spectres, getting dragged into a Nihil bya
beast of the Void)

Relation

° One person only
One close relation or friend
Two similar relations (male heirs, lovers,
parents)

All close living relations or friends
All relations and friends!

6+: Relatives or friends for generations to come

Rituals: Although the practices involved in Cursing
vary tremendously, the system Effects are fairly consistent.
There are no special Rituals for this Path.

Fetishism

Fetishism is the magical art of creating minor talis-
mans. Some ghosthunting organizations, like the
Benandanti, use it almost as an initiation Ritual. Others
use it as a primary means of finding or fighting ghosts.
Crafting magic from ingredients both eldritch and mun-
dane, some fetishists spend much of their time closeted in
a laboratory peering through foul smoke, containing minor
explosions, and tracking down bizarre magical ingredients.
Others are satisfied with the Rituals they have been taught
and do not look for additional ones.

Minor talismans contain a single power only, which
usually operates a few times under set circumstances. While
their Effects aren't flashy, they do get results. . usually. Most
reflect their homemade origins. Crafting a talisman, even a
minor one, calls for a certain degree of mundane craftsman-
ship, which some fetishists have and some...well...

Talisman creation should flow more from story concerns
and good roleplaying than from die rolls. For those who want
asystem, assume that each different minor talisman requires a
Ritual process which must be mastered before the craftwork
begins. When the Ritual is purchased, the fetishist sets to work
on the objectitself. After the talisman's form is crafted (which
may require a few Dexterity + Ability rolls), the talisman
should be prepared in some special way according to the belief
or style of the practitioner — inset with crystals, carved with
tunes, dipped into a Nihil... Useful Abilities for these tasks
include Crafts, Artistic Expression, Gunsmithing, Hunting,
Traps, Alchemy, Herbalism, and Poisons, depending upon the
purpose and the manufacture of the talisman.

After this, the fetishist sets one purpose for the item. This
is the power it will have. Successful enchantment usually
demands a day or two of preparation per talisman level. A
simple level one item would require only two to four days of
work, whilea fifth-level talisman would demandatleastfive. At
theendof this time, the fetishist makesan Intelligence + Hedge
roll (difficulty is the talisman's level + 4). A point of Willpower
spent during final creation infuses his might into the talisman.

A fetishist can never create a talisman more powerful
than his Fetishism level. Ifhe has four dots in Fetishism, he can
only craft talismans of four dots or less in power. Once created,
a minor talisman will work within some specified framework
—i.e., when the moon is waning, when a blind man coughs,
whena hooded Spectre appears, etc. These conditions should
becolorfuland very specific, tied to the purpose of the fetishist,
not to general utility. Such particulars should be described
during the creation processand must be adhered to. The player
must decide whatsingle Effect the talisman contains. She then
details her character's research and development process. A
simple "I create a level five talisman that makes me invisible
to ghosts" will not suffice! Both player and Storyteller should
check the prospective talisman to make sure that it fits the
general guidelines offered below. After a period of story-
defined time (anywhere from a few days toa year or more), the

Cuapren Taree: Cuanacten Creation 59


player attempts an Intelligence + Occult roll, difficulty 9.
Success means the fetishist has discovered the secret of Fetish-
ism and can proceed as described above.

Botching a creation roll can be a bad thing. Many a
fetishist has disappeared in a sudden conflagration caused
by something as prosaic as an untimely sneeze or a misread
passage. Obviously, Fetishism is not a quick and easy art!

The vast majority of minor talismans will only work a
certain number of times (usually based on the number of
successes rolled) and will be useless, if decorative, thereafter.
Some Rituals, however, provide for extended utility, as long as
the talisman's "power supply" is boosted now and again.
Benandanti fennel swords, for instance, can work up toa year
without replenishment, but thereafter must be dipped in a
Nihil at every new moon. If they are not, they must be reforged
(the Benandante can reuse the iron, however).

Minor talismans vary tremendously, from the bones that
allow one to speak to one's ancestors to the crystal ball that can
see into the Shadowlands. Such talismans can be used by
anyone, although those bound to the fetishist in some way (her
ancestral bone is the finger she cut off, his caul is forged into the
sword) can be used as talismans only with significantly increased
difficulty (usually depending upon how tightly the talisman is
bound to the fetishist). For every Health level injury sustained
by the fetishist during the creation process, persons other than
the fetishist would have a +1 difficulty to use the talisman. For
instance, if Jocelyn cut off her index finger (Health Level:
Injured) to use as a talisman with which to speak to her dead
mother, others could use her finger asa talisman at +3 difficulty.

Roll: Intelligence + Occult (Costs 1 Willpower)

Effects and Sample Talismans:

A small object with tight restrictionsanda limited power,
perhaps a brief addition to an Attribute or Ability. Examples:

— A colored candle that grants its user a one-time
favor after it is burned (two points of Resources, Allies, or
Influence, depending on the color of the candle). The
Background works once to provide a favor, then fades. Each
success creates one candle.

— A handful of grave dust that enables the user to
sleep soundly. He will wake immediately if someone ap-
proaches him with hostile intent.

ee A more potent version of a level one talisman
(with an additional die or two of Effect), or one that is more
noticeably magical.

—A handful of bullets (one per success) that do two
additional dice of damage when fired from a specially
prepared gun.

—A pair of gloves that allow the wearer's hands to
interact with the Underworld. She could hold a Relic,
puncha wraith, be bitten bya barghest, etc. without having
to enter the Underworld entirely.
© The item performs some obviously unusual func
tion. Witnesses who know anything about magic will sense
it being used. Clueless folks will be confused.

60 Tue Quick ano Tue Dea

— A ruby flower that drains a Corpus level from any
ghost it touches. Each time it doesso, one of its petals cracks
off. The fourth time, it crumbles into ruby dust.

— A pair of earrings that make the wearer appear
beautiful...or handsome (three points of Appearance that
last for one scene per success).

eee With a talisman of this caliber, the user can
perform fairly advanced magical feats, albeit with some restric-
tions. If these limits are ignored, the magic is ineffective.

— Bones which allow the user to contact the person
they came from. Note that this is not always successful! If
it is, however, the user can ask one question per creation
success. Whether or not the ghost answers accurately is the
ghost's prerogative, but it will answer if it can. These bones
work only three times, then crumble to dust.

— A knife which can become insubstantial on com-
mand and can be wielded on the spiritual plane. It inflicts
Strength + 3 dice of damage and can be thrown. The blade
must first be drawn in hot anger and washed afterward in
ectoplasm. Works once per success.

¢ eee Items this potent are rare and unpredictable.
They often fail in places that are rife with skepticism
concerning occult matters. Nevertheless, they work some
wonder that obviously defies the seeming order of things.

—A lyre that summons the spirits of the dead when
anyone (regardless of musical talent) thrums its strings.
When they appear, all are moved to weep from the beauty
of the melody being played. An elegy to Eurydice must be
sung before the lyre will play. Each time it is played, a string
breaks; when they are all broken, it is no longer a talisman.

—A tinderbox that can produce barrow-flame in the
Underworld as long as there is tinder in the box.

Ephemera

This Path allows a medium to reach through the
Shroud and into the Underworld to contact the ephemeral
Restless. Those who have passed into Transcendence or
Oblivion cannot be reached in this manner. Many
ghosthunters cannot know whether the person they are
trying to contact has passed beyond or has remained in
spiritual limbo asa wraith (or worse). A channeler can only
try her best and see what happens.

The nature of the spirits contacted depends upon the
Rituals the medium knows. Most ghosthunters only know those
Rituals that allow them to contact the Shadowlands, but there
are other, more obscure Rituals that open up the realms ofnature
spirits or malevolentspirits only tangentially related to Spectres.
Note that even the channeler herself might not realize which
spirits she deals with; at least two dots of Enigmas are required
to know the difference. Amateur mediums frequently get into
trouble this way, opening themselvesto Spectres, Dopplegangers,
and other mysterious Underworld entities.

Mediums open themselves up as spirit channels. Spir-
its, however, have minds of their own. If they have some


reason to mislead, possess, or abuse the channel, they may
try to do so. Offering oneself up as a temporary Consort for
Puppetry is not a risk-free behavior.

Thankfully, channels have some defensive Rituals to
help them out if the spirits are unruly. Wise mediums are
versed in the practices of Warding and Forbiddance (Wraith,
pp- 234-235). Each of these counts asa level one Ritual and
has the following system effects:

© Warding protects an area from ghostly intrusion. By
usingsome precautionary charm (an intricate chant, prayer,
painted sigils, iron nails, sprinkled salt, smudging with
incense), spending a point of Willpower, and rolling same
vs. difficulty 7, the medium can block wraiths from enter-
ing an area for one week per success.

© Forbiddance immediately drives wraiths from an
area. By rolling successfully (channel's Willpower vs. diffi-
culty 7), the medium can push a ghost from her immediate
area, A willful wraith can oppose this Ritual by spending
one of its Willpower points per success, but must otherwise
flee until the medium has left.

© Note that channels often have high Willpower
s, making their chances for su even greater than

scor
an average mortal's.

Diplomacy in the form of persuasion tends to be more
effective than force. To establish contact, the medium rolls
her Charisma + Enigmas while calling out to the spirits in
the area. A number of helpers (see "Teamwork") can lower
the initial difficulty, as can a Fetter or Haunt. Locating her
quarry usually requires an extended roll (see below). Once
some communication begins, the channel states her case,
hoping to win over the spirit to whatever purpose she might
have. The details of this interaction play out like any
normal conversation, but ought to bea hell of a lot weirder.
The uncanny nature of this Path should be obvious.

Itisnot easy to finda particularspirit. To doso, the player
must make an extended roll of as many successes as the
Storyteller sees fit. Contacting your brother in the city where
he died last year would demand less work than finding a
Colombian bishop killed in the 1970s. The Storyteller should
decide whether or not the ghost has passed beyond mortal
reach, though he should keep the truth a secret from the
players. An ill-intentioned spirit might masquerade as the
ghost the medium wanted to meet, and this could cause all
kinds of fun. Also note that, even if you do contact the target
spirit, there is no guarantee that you will understand him. If,
for instance, Preston the Channeler contacts that Colombian
bishop, does he speak Spanish? Or can the wraith speak
English? Or some other language that they both share?

Unlike other Paths, the difficulty of penetrating the
Shroud goes down with each level, while your ability in-
creases. A channeler with one dot in Ephemera works against
difficulty 9 and can communicate only with human wraiths
(and then only if they wish to be spoken to). This goes down
byonestep perdot, toa final difficulty of 5, but cannot go lower

than 3. Asa medium's skills grow, she can speak with natural
spirits (ifshe is taught to do so), see into the Shadowlands (but
not pass through), and seek out specific wraiths.

AWord on Summoning Ghosts

Itisadifficult and dangerous task to force ghosts

toappear. Those practitioners who do usually Ward

themselves first and use a combination of Ephemera
and Spirit Control (see below) todirect the procee
ings. To accomplish this, after a long series of
recitations, entreaties, and preparations, the practi-
tioner rolls his Charisma + Occult with the usual
difficulty. He must accumulate twice as many suc
cesses as his target's (permanent) Willpower rating
with one roll per hour. The range of the compulsion
is one mile per level of the character's Ephemera
Path rating, i.e. a Path level three Summoning has
vreach of three miles. Note that this can be horizon:
tal or vertical: ordinarily, a practitioner Summons a
ghost within a roughly horizontal three-mile radius
of him in the Shadowlands. If, however, the practi
tioner is trying tosummon a Spectre from the pits of
the Labyrinth, he can risk a vertical Summons.
There is, of course, no guarantee that the Spectre
won't discorporate once it appears, as it may not
have Fetters (the practice of SummoningunFettered
Spectres is sometimes sponsored by concerned
Ferrymen who have dealings with organizations or
individuals capable of such magic). Once the
is Summoned, the first such being within the area of
enchantmentwill be compelled toappear before the
practitioner as rapidly as possible. Obviously, it is
very difficult to perform a vertical Sammons with:
out accidentally catching a wraith. Moreover,
Summoning a particular ghost increases the starting
difficulty of the Summoning by 3 (although the
Storyteller should modify this number as #eeded),
and requires three times as many successes as the
target's permanent Willpower per hour

This magic does not instantly conjure a ghost
out of thin air. The Summoned one will come at her
own speed. If a ghost isn't within range, the practi-
tioner may have to continue until he finds one. For
each Willpower point spent, he may add another
mile to the range. This isa dangerous tactic, particu-
larly in vertical application, because if it works, who
knows what will crawl out of the echoing depths of

Malfean pits

Cuarren Tunes: Cuaracten Creation 61


A number of Traits are especially appropriate to me-
dium characters. Enigmas and at least one Hunter
Knowledge are essentially required. Occult, Subterfuge,
Awareness, Spiritual Awareness, and Intimidation are also
very helpful.

Roll: Charisma + Occult (No Willpower cost except
for Rituals above)

Effects:

¢ You can feel the spirits moving and even get their
attention with a successful roll. What they do is up to them.
This isa dangerous but necessary phase in a medium's Path.

ee You can make distinctions between spirits you
summon and can call specific ones if you know how. If
things get out of hand, you can try to dismiss what you have
called.

© © When you speak, something always comes. With
luck, youcan address it, befriend it, or dismiss it. If you want
to address a particular spirit personally, you can try at this
level.
°

You can pierce the Shroud and actually see and
hear those ephemera around you. Most spirits respect you
for your insight and ability. Some will even come when you
don't call...

@ 000 Thespirits of the Restless know yourname and
often come to you when you call. You can hurt those who
displease you and dismiss those who offend you.

Rituals:

Level One: Open to the Unknown (free Ritual), Call
Ghost, Ward, Forbiddance

Level Two: See Ghost, Seal, Banishment

Level Three: Gossip (allows the medium to "spread
the word" around her chosen contacts)

Level Four: Grasp (medium becomes a Fetter for a
chosen wraith for seven days), Deny the Shroud (allows
medium to see through the Shroud)

Level Five: Distant Call (Medium can attempt to
speak briefly to one who has passed on to some afterlife or
punishment. This works within the Storyteller's discre-
tion, but remember that even wraiths are not supposed to
know what happens after Transcendence or Oblivion.
Optionally, when successful, this could merely be contact-
ing wraiths in hell-like or heavenlike places, not the Real
Things.)

SpiritControl
The most dangerous sort of Hedge Magic, ghosthunters
often combine this Path with the Path of Ephemera in
order to Summon and Bind ghosts. It is particularly popular
with those ghosthunters who cannot naturally walk through
the Shroud — why go there when you can bring ‘em here?
The Spirit Control Path Rituals guard against ghosts
or press them into service. It is a complicated Path, loaded
with precautions and Rituals, and even under the best of


circumstances, it often creates lifelong (or longer) en-
emies. Of course, Spirit Control Rituals are extremely
difficult to perform; because of this difficulty, it is impos-
sible to begin play with the ability to use this Path against
ghosts (i.e., being able to perform level 5 Rituals), unless
the Storyteller agrees to allow it. However, players can
work towards this goal, the attainment of this knowledge
being perhaps more enjoyable because of the effort it
requires.

As with any other form of Hedge Magic, there are
multitudes of Summoning styles that ghosthunters may use
(depending upon their culture or their organization), from
simple pagan appeals to the creatures of the Goddess to
elaborate medieval rituals, aboriginal soul-snarings and
modern black magic compulsions. Few are designed with
politeness in mind. While some are enacted after a contract
is made by some other means, summonings usually order a
being to appear, mystically bind him when he does, and
keep him at arm's length until he does what you want him
to do. The style of magic and outlook of the practitioner
will have plenty to do with the Summoned ghost's (or other
creature's) disposition — and his desire for revenge.

Most such Rituals require long preparations. Few prac-
titioners would be foolish enough to compel anything,
especially something powerful, to appear without first
making sure their asses were covered. These protections
require Rituals, a separate one for each different kind of
being. After these Wards are laid, the Summoning begins.
This too requires a specific Ritual; one cannot Ward
against a demon then Summon a ghost. Finally, when the
one called does arrive, a Binding may be laid to force some
kind of service. A Minor Binding merely requires one task
be performed before the Binding dissipates. A Major Bind-
ing compels servitude until some condition is met and
usually creates an eternal grudge. No one, not even an
animal, likes being forced into servitude.

Some practitioners prefer to use only Wards or
Summonings to protect themselves or to call upon aid.
Only a fool would dare to lay a Binding without protection,
although some have tried. Dismissal Rituals offer the prac-
titioner some sort of compromise. If the Ritual is successful,
the Summoned being will leave in peace — for the mo-
ment, at least. The forms these Rituals take can range from
dancing around a mound consecrated to Eubouleus to
human sacrifice, bended-knee prayers or intricate circles
which take days to engrave. Players and Storytellers should
play such ceremonies to the dramatic hilt. The bare-bones
systems for such actions might work as follows:

© Warding: The practitioner lays some sort of Ward (a
pentacle, a triangle of salt, a libation of wine, etc.) and rolls
Wits + Occult (difficulty is the Path's level + 4). The target
of the Ward will have to spend one Willpower per the
practitioner's success to enter the area protected. A Ward
lasts for one scene per success. A fair but devious Storyteller

might make the Ward roll herself, leaving the practitioner.
to wonder whether or not his Ward will hold!

This Ritual will act as countermagic (one die per
success) or reduce any incoming Arcanos by one dot of
effect for every one of the practitioner's successes. Wards
do not, however, restrict ranged physical attacks like gun-
fire (not usually a consideration with ghosts, but if they
start throwing furniture it's good to know...).

© Summoning: Summonings work only on material
beings, not on ghosts. Ghosthunters who wish to Summon
ghosts must use the Path of Ephemera. To force them to
perform a task, however, ghosthunters often use Minor and
Major Bindings (discussed below).

© Minor Binding: Once the subject is present, the
practitioner can try to compel her to service. A Minor
Binding pits the practitioner's will against the Summoned
ghost's. Because ghosts by their very nature are willful and
passionate beings (that's what keeps them in this state), it
is a risky and difficult proposition to force one into servi-
tude. To effect a Minor Binding, the practitioner spends a
Willpower point and performs his Ritual (Manipulation +
Ritual). His target rolls her own Willpower (difficulty of
practitioner's own). If she wins, the Binding has no effect.
If she loses, she must perform one task for him before she is
freed. This should be spelled out in as complete a form as
possible. Rest assured that any Bound being will be looking
for the way out.

© Major Binding: The system for Major Binding is the
same as that for a Minor one, except that both parties
extend their rolls to amass 10 successes. For each roll, each
party spends a Willpower point; whoever reaches 10 first
(and still has Willpower left over) wins. If the Summoned
ghost loses, she is bound to the practitioner until some
condition is met. This "contract" must be specified at once
and can be anything from "Until my hair goes gray" to
"when a Maelstrom next sweeps across your Necropolis," as
long as it is a possible event (conceptions of "possible" can
get pretty fluid, however).

If the practitioner loses, he is toast.

© Dismissal: If the wizard wants his subject to depart
in peace, he performs another Ritual (involving some sort
of thanks, a benediction and a request to depart, usually
with a healthy bribe attached). A simple Wits + Ritual roll
with normal difficulty "persuades" the Summoned ghost to
leave without dropping a chair on his head. This does not
prevent later animosities, but for now, the being will leave
content. This will not work after a Major Binding has been
attempted.

The Rituals above need not be performed together.
Bindings or Wardings can be used on their own if the
circumstances permit. Players and Storytellers should be
flexible, dramatic, and fair when runningsuch Summonings.
This magic Path could stimulate either suspenseful
storytelling or intense debate.

Curren Tunte: Cuaracten GRearion 63


a

Warding Rolls: Wits + Ritual (No cost)

Binding Rolls: Manipulation + Ritual (Costs 1 Will-
power)

Dismissal Rolls: Wits + Ritual (No cost)

Effects:

Note that the first level of Spirit Control that allows
ghosthunters to affect real ghosts is level 5. Levels one
through four work toward this end.

© This level's Rituals affect only small physical ani-
mals — rats, bats, birds, lizards, etc. The practitioner may
Summon three of these per success (using the Summoning
tules in "Ephemera" above). Most ghosthunters call this
the "Guinea Pig" stage.

© The higher physical mammals (chimps, dolphins,
cats, dogs, wolves, apes) may be Summoned and controlled
at this Path level (using the Summoning rules from Ephem-
era). A practitioner may control two of these per success.
OR, the practitioner may Summon lower spiritual animals
— and these are rare — (ghostly rats, bats, cockroaches,
etc.), three per success.

¢¢¢ Normal humans can be Summoned at this level.
A practitioner attempting this should use some artifact of
the individual he wants to command (a lock of hair, an item
of clothing, etc.) in his Rituals for them to work. Only one
can be commanded per success. OR, the practitioner may
summon and control one higher spiritual mammal or
barghest.

¢ © © Minorsupernatural beings (ghouls, werewolves'

Kinfolk, mages' familiars, etc.) can be brought forward and
Warded. The limitations of normal humans apply. OR, the
practitioner may Bind/Ward/Dismiss one Drone.
* Ghosts may be Bound, Warded, and Dismissed
with these Rituals (they must be Summoned using the rules
in "Ephemera," as they are not bound by physical laws).
Only one individual can be so treated, and some bit of
ectoplasm, a Fetter, or other items that once belonged to
the ghost in question must be used. Also, major supernatu-
ral beings (vampires, werecreatures, mages, faeries, and
some types of physical monsters) can be Summoned and
Bound with these Rituals, although this also requires per-
sonal items or something connected with the creature in
question to take effect. This is really dangerous territory;
one blown roll and...

Rituals: Each different kind of subject, whether bird,
wolf, or ghost, has a unique set of Rituals which must be
purchased and used to have any effect. Warding, Summon-
ing, Minor Binding, Major Binding, and Dismissal all
require separate Rituals as well. Obviously, it takes some
work to gain expertise in an area.

my O

Psychic Abilities

Psychic abilities are a mixed blessing. Unlike Hedge
Magic practitioners, psychics rarely seek out their abilities.
They come naturally, unexpectedly, shaking that person's
world and forcing them to either hide their gift or suffer hell
for it. In their earliest stages, Psychic Phenomena are
inconvenient at best and terrifying at worst. Strange,
sudden insights and frightening spasms of power push some
psychics over the brink of sanity. The origins of such
abilities are a matter of much debate among psychics. Some
believe that everyone has these abilities, but that most do
not discover them; others hold that they are granted to
certain individuals by higher powers. Within this latter
group are those who believe that spirits send messages to
them via high-energy waves that reach their unconscious.
Among these psychics, the debate continues as to whether
these "spirits" are the knowing and loving souls of the dead,
or non-human spirits who are helping humanity to im-
prove itself. Whatever the source, however, the psychic
can, through practice, refine her talent into the sixth sense
that it was originally meant to be.

It's a rare psychic who has more than one Phenom-
enon. For the most part, these mental adepts have a single
natural aptitude which can be trained but hardly diversi-
fied. There are no Paths for Psychic Phenomena, only the
aptitudes themselves. With practice and luck, however, a
ghosthunter with mental talent can delve further into the
Shadowlands around her than she ever suspects.

All Psychic Phenomena below cost one point of Will-
power to use.

Clairvoyance

Clairvoyance is the ability to extend the senses far
beyond their normal range and to see or hear things that are
happening in other places. This power normally requires
some focus, such as someone or something that the psychic
knows is present in the area to be observed. Many clairvoy-
antspecialties exist; Underworld clairvoyants, forexample,
team up with the ghosts of people with whom they once
had relationships in order to solve a mystery or to learn
more about the Underworld firsthand.

Psychic characters must roll Perception + Spiritual
Alertness (difficulty 8) to project the senses into the
Underworld (roll Perception + Alertness, difficulty 8 to
project into the physical world). When projecting, the
psychic can no longer see what is happening around her
body, nor may she affect events that she witnesses. The
psychic is merely an observer.

Spiritual Roll: Perception + Spiritual Alertness (Costs
2 Willpower)

Physical Roll: Perception + Alertness (Costs 1 Will-
power)


inline ti ln ili te a, i

Effects:

© The psychic sees events ina hazy, dreamlike manner
in any room in the building in which he is projecting. These
visions are easily misinterpreted.

¢ The clairvoyant can see events anywhere within a
fifty mile radius and can sometimes hear them as well (3
successes), although the sounds are distorted.

ee The psychic can see and hear events anywhere
within a 250 mile radius and even touch objects (3 suc-
cesses), although they feel vague and amorphous.

¢ eee The clairvoyant can now see, hear, and touch
anything within a 2,000 mile radius.

¢ eee The master clairvoyant who has reached this
level can use all five senses on any object anywhere within
the Shadowlands or the physical world.

Telekinesis

Telekinesis allows the character to project her will and
move objects with the power of thought. A roll of Wits +
Athletics (difficulty 8) is required to use this power. If the
psychic botches the roll, objects begin to fly randomly
about. To first pick up an object, it must be within view.
You need not see that item while holding it.

Picking up items in the Shadowlands poses a different
kind of problem, particularly if you cannot see beyond the
Shroud. Although it is unusual, some telekinetics also
practice Clairvoyance to first see into the Underworld,
then manipulate objects there. The difficulty for combined
activity such as this is 9 (roll Perception + Spiritual
Alertness, difficulty 8, then Wits + Athletics, difficulty 9).
Once the object is located and grasped telekinetically,
Clairvoyance can be dropped, although it is usually good to
see where you place/throw things.

Roll: Wits + Athletics (Costs 1 Willpower for physi-
cal objects; 2 for spiritual)

Effects:

© The psychic can levitate small objects in the same
room (or in the same locale as he appears in the
Shadowlands) with great difficulty. Physical gestures make
this somewhat easier (e.g., throwing, lifting, etc.). If these
are not possible, the difficulty rises by one.

ee The telekinetic can affect small objects, such as
bending a spoon or levitating an obolus. Again, without
gestures, the difficulty rises by one.

eee At this degree of proficiency, the psychic can
handle an object in the next room and throw it around.
Gesturing sharply in that direction helps. However, the
psychic may only manipulate objects that require half his
Intelligence (determined as if Intelligence replaced
Strength) to lift.

eeee The telekinetic can lift items that require his
full Intelligence and no longer needs to gesture. He can
pick up any item within a 200 foot radius and can pick up
more than one object by concentrating.

¢eeee The psychic can lift anything in sight which
her Intelligence + 2 can handle. He can manipulate as
many items as he has points of Dexterity.

Telepathy

This ability allows a psychic to read minds. The
telepath must roll Intelligence + Empathy against the
target's Willpower to read its mind. The being whose
thoughts are being read is unaware of the psychic's presence
unless he botches the roll.

This talent is not always the most pleasant of Phenom-
ena, as it often reveals the most perverse or ugliest thoughts
of even the seemingly purest of people. Both player and
Storyteller should make the most of the degradation and
disgust this talent can evoke in a psychic. The darkest
secrets in the World of Darkness can get really unpleasant.

Roll: Intelligence + Empathy (Costs 1 Willpower to
access the thoughts of the living; 2 for the dead)

Effects:

© The psychic can feel the current emotions and sense
the mood of one target within view (again, many
ghosthunting psychics pair this ability with Clairvoyance).
Sometimes this is dangerous to telepaths specializing in
wraiths, as they can get swept up in the passions of the
Restless and lose themselves (roll the wraith's Passions vs.
the telepath's Willpower — if the telepath loses, she may
emerge from her trance days later wondering where the
time went).

© The telepath can read the surface thoughts of one
target within view, receiving whatever they are thinking
about at that moment.

eee At this level, it is possible to read the target's
recent memories and plans for the near future. The target
must still be in sight.

. The psychic can read the target's deep thoughts
and plans for the distant future. The amount of information
received varies at the Storyteller's discretion, based on the
number of successes. He can read the minds of people in
other nearby rooms, but requires descriptions of them to
"get a lock-on."

@eeee This master telepath may now read multiple
minds at once and discover the deepest secrets of people
(even things that they have repressed). He can read the
mind of someone across the world, so long as he can see
them or their image, or even read the minds of those using
psychic powers elsewhere in the world and the Shadowlands.
Reaching into Stygia and beyond requires level 6+ (in
other words, this should be beyond the scope of player
characters! ).

True Faith

This Affinity allowsa ghosthunter to turn aside Arcanos
and attacks by hostile Spectres through her belief in an
outside power, in some God or gods beyond human will.

Cuapren Tunte: Canacten GREATION 65

am _
ects
y mr pt
at oaeN Be, B <— E2 ¢
Pee al NR Xx ~ iS


Very few individuals have True Faith, especially nowadays.
The most prominent ghosthunters known to possess it are
the Sons of Tertullian and the Sect of St. James, the former
having at least one point and the latter having at least two
points of the Affinity.

Those who have True Faith usually wield holy symbols
to perform such feats as exorcising possessing wraiths or
warding off supernatural creatures such as vampires, whom
they may consider evil. Some ghosthunters use specially
prepared weapons and other items (such as the Sect of St.
James' swords) against these foes. Individuals doing so must
have a Faith rating equal to or greater than that of the item.
For example, most Swords of St. James have a Faith rating
of three, so only individuals with three or more points of
True Faith can use one of these weapons. Also note that
holy items may only be used to full effect by someone whose
faith is similar to that which created the item. Thus, a Hari
Krishna with a Faith of 4 cannot effectively wield a Sect
member's holy sword — he can merely use it as a normal
sword and without aggravated damage.

Obviously, items can be created using True Faith. This
is done using the Fetishism rules above, except that at the
end of the preparation time, the creator rolls Intelligence
+ his True Faith rating (difficulty the potential Talisman's
level + 4). A point of Willpower must also be spent. A
severe botch in this creation process causes the creator to
lose a point of True Faith ("why didn't [insert deity of
choice here] help me create this blade to be used against
his, her, its] enemies?"). Regaining this point should make
an interesting motif for a story.

In game terms, True Faith allows the believer to use
one die of countermagic for every dot of Faith he has.
Ghosts must make a Willpower roll to even approach one
with True Faith. The human character's rating is the
difficulty of the roll. To progress in Faith, however, the
character must follow the tenets of his chosen belief with-
out fail. Faltering jeopardizes further gains, and continual
doubt can erase the Numina completely.

Each dot of True Faith costs seven Freebie Points.
Only roleplaying can reflect this Numina's vagaries. After
character creation, the rating cannot be increased by
spending experience, only by living it.

Faith Levels:

© Novice: You are very faithful, but still inexperi-
enced.

© ¢ Practiced: Your faith has been tested in earnest one
or two times.

© Competent: You are experienced, but your faith
has only really been tested a half dozen times.

¢¢e Expert: External problems often test your faith,
and you pass with flying colors.

.

@ Master: You could have been Moses.


Special Rituals
S| tganizations using Hedge Magic must
\ @| perform Rituals to shape their mystical

energies and spiritual power into the
desired Effect. Members of other orga-
nizations also often have Rituals that
rely on True Faith or Psychic Phenom-
ena for power and involve the use of
foci and ceremonies. Discussed below are some Rituals
commonly used by members of the organizations described
in previous chapters.

Sons of Tertullian
The Descentinto Hell

Before Sons of Tertullian begin a ghosthunt, they
perform a Ritual which augments their physical, mental,
or, more importantly, spiritual power. This Ritual isknown
as the Descent into Hell, during which the hunter prays
and fasts for three days straight. On the final night of the
fast, his compatriots boost his fortitude with their own
using this Ritual. Since the Sons of Tertullian share the
same faith, they can work together to pool their resources:

First, the character must persuade fellow Tertullia
help him prepare (Charisma + Expression, with a difficulty
of the Tertullian's Willpower — roll for each). Only those
who know him personally will be inclined to help him at
all; Preceptors probably won't give the character a second
glance. Next, each Tertullian rolls his True Faith rating
versus difficulty 7. They may pick the trait that they think
needs boosting, or the character may attempt to persuade
them to boost the attribute he thinks he needs (players
should roleplay this out and should not mention the term
"Attribute!"). For instance, if Father Joseph wanted to help
Brother Tuck boost his Strength, the good Father would
roll his Faith rating (3) against difficulty 7. He succeeds.
Father Patrick does the same, but doesn't have enough
faith in Tuck to succeed (however, he doesn't botch). For
each successful assistant, Tuck lowers the difficulty of the
final roll (True Faith, difficulty 7) by 1 to a minimum
difficulty of 3. For instance, Tuck adds his True Faith rating
1 to his Strength 4 for a total of 5. He then subtracts Father
Joseph's success from the difficulty (7-1=6) and rolls against
that. If he succeeds, he gains an extra point of Strength for
every success until the end of the ghosthunt, or until he
breaks his fast. If he fails, the only harm done is that Father
Joseph loses a point of Strength until the ghosthunt is
concluded. If anyone botches throughout the process, 2 is
added to the petitioner's difficulty and the person who
botches permanently loses a point of the Attribute the
petitioner was rolling against (thus it is often difficult to
convince others to help with this Ritual).

Tertullians helping the character may instead roll
against their Faith ratings to boost the petitioner's Will-

ns to

=

wwe

—.

2. = —

|


ai 2 ce

power (a sort of spiritual "rally"): when it comes time for
the petitioner to roll, he rolls his True Faith + half of his
Willpower (round up). Every assistant's success subtracts
one from the base difficulty of 7. Willpower is lost in the
same manner as stated above.

System: Assistants roll Faith (vs. 7); petitioner rolls
Faith + Attribute to be boosted (vs. 7 - assistants' successes
or + assistants' botches). Note that this Ritual can only be
performed once per ghosthunt.

When the Sons of Tertullian have detained a person
for exorcism, they typically perform a Ritual that is sup-
posed to "soften" the victim's resistance to their probings
and torture. First, the torturer shaves all the hair from and
completely washes the victim's body, then slices some skin
from the victim's scalp: roll the torturer's Manipulation +
Intimidation, difficulty the victim's Willpower.

He then uses this skin to create a salve that he blesses
and rubs onto their fingertips for use in the victim's exor-
cism: First, he slices up, bakes, and grinds the skin into dust
before the victim's eyes. Then, mixing the powder with
fennel, Old Man (wild Southernwood), and comfrey in a
base of sour milk and cornstarch —a foul-smelling concoc-
tion by all accounts — the torturer blesses it (True Faith +
Herbalism, difficulty 7). Every success against the victim's
Willpower earlier subtracts from the difficulty of this roll.

When torturing the demons from a victim, the Sons
keep their prepared fingertips somewhere on the victim's
body at all times, as this "coaxes" the spirit from them. For
every success concocting the salve, subtract a difficulty
from the roll to exorcise the spirit.

The Benandanti
The Unhooding

For mortals born with cauls, a Benandanti Unhooding
marks the beginning of an extraordinary life led halfway
between the world of the living and the realms of the dead.
An Unhooding is a complex Ritual usually performed by a
sapienza related by blood to the infant being Unhooded.
Sapienze who perform this Ritual are typically quite ad-
vanced in knowledge. In order to perform it, the sapienza
must be present at birth or before the caul of the novizio
dries out. He removes the caul and creates a Level 5
talisman from it (see "Fetishism" above), with the specific
purpose of allowing the fledgling Benandante to use it to
enter the Underworld via a Ritual known as Ekstasis (it also
has other uses, such as forging the Fennel Sword, but these
require their own Rituals, with the caul asa component) —
only its owner (i.e., the fledgling Benandante) may use the
caul as a talisman.

Peering into the Underworld

By placing their cauls over their eyes and concentrat-
ing on seeing the Underworld, Benandanti can peer into
the Shadowlands with a simple Willpower roll (difficulty
7). Called "Minor Ekstasis," this practice allows the
Benandante to peer into the area of the Shadowlands
where his physical body is, and no farther than he can
ordinarily see. Furthermore, he does not derive the benefit
of revivification from this practice as he does with full
Ekstasis (see below).

Ekstasis

In order to penetrate the Underworld, Benandanti
must enter a sleeplike state known as Ekstasis. All
Benandanti wishing to undertake this Ritual must first
purchase at least one dot in Ephemera (see above). A
Benandante enters Ekstasis first by assuming a restful posi-
tion and meditating using his caul as a focus (Perception +
Meditation, difficulty 8). He can only achieve Ekstasis by
using his own caul (without it, Ekstasis is impossible).
Further, the spiritual portal available to Benandanti through
their cauls is available only from dusk until dawn. During
the daylight hours, when the Underworld has least sway
over the world of the living, Benandanti find Ekstasis
impossible.

Once in the Underworld, the Benandante must imme-
diately take a moment to orient himself (Wits + Alertness,
difficulty 6) to the location of the entrance through the
Shroud. If this point of entry is ever lost (for instance, if
dawn catches the Benandante still in the Underworld, it
disappears), the Benandante must go in search of anew one
— a process that, even if successful, has taken some
Benandanti days, months, years, even decades. While in
the Underworld, a Benandante can be affected in the same
ways a wraith can, with one exception: if his caul is ever
destroyed while there, he can never return to the Sunlit
Lands again.

To return to the Skinlands, the Benandante must find
his point of entry again (Wits + Alertness, difficulty 5) and,
while concentrating on reaching the living lands, stretch
his birth caul over his eyes to escape the power of death
(Perception + Meditation, difficulty 6). For convenience,
some Benandanti have fashioned hoods with masks in
which their birth cauls are sewn into the eye holes for just
this purpose. Use of such masks is discouraged, however, for
they attract the unwanted attention of Hierarchy wraiths
who wish to keep the mysteries of the Underworld a secret.

Note that Ekstasis provides a mystical side benefit:
when Benandanti return from it, they often feel revivified
—for every hour they stay in the Underworld, they need to
sleep two hours less that night (based on an eight-hour
sleeping schedule). Thus, if a Benandante were in Ekstasis
from midnight to 3 A.M., he would need to sleep six hours

less that night, and could catch up on his eight hours of
sleep by sleeping from 3 A.M. to 5 A.M. If in Ekstasis for
four hours, he would not need to sleep at all; beyond that,
Benandanti derive no benefit.

Forging the Fennel Sword

To help their novizi create fennel swords, the sapienze
generally pass on the instructions recorded by the noted
Benandante historian Giacomo Piccariello:

* Grow five pounds of fennel in soil mixed with a
finely-ground scrap of your own birth caul. The fennel plot
must be located in a Haunt (it may also be grown in a
planter placed there),

© Harvest the fennel preci tt dawn at midsummer

and immediately wrap it in your caul. Keep it chilled and

out of the sunlight

¢ From dawn to dusk, prepare yourself with meditation
on mortality, the nature of sin, and victory over evil (roll
Perception + Meditation, difficulty 6). An hour before
sundown, return to the fennel plot and sprinkle a pound of
your fennel sprigs about your Ekstasis circle to purify it.

¢ Fifteen minutes before dusk, call upon the spirit of a
dead brother for aid (see Ephemera rules above).

a.

© At dusk, lay the fennel, still wrapped in your birth
caul, under your head and enter El

‘stasis.

* Your guide will appear outside the Ekstasis circle.
Take care, for other spirits may appear in his guise. Take up
your caul and fennel and follow your guide to the Forge,
which will be built upon a Nihil and guarded against
Spectres.

¢ At the Forge, your guide will ask you a series of
questions. Answer them truthfully, and the ferro spettrale
(spirit-iron) will be yours. Answer falsely, and your guide
will destroy your caul, stranding you in the Underworld,
and make your spirit into a sword for other Benandanti to
use.

¢ When given the ferro spettrale, immediately create
the sword. A barrow-flame will be awaiting you. Heat the
metal as your sapienza has instructed you and pour the
fennel into the molten metal. Do not be concerned if the
fennel burns; it is strengthening the sword. Fold, cut, and
hammer the spectral fennel iron (make five Dexterity +
Blacksmithing rolls, difficulty 5, and five Stamina +
Blacksmithing rolls, difficulty 6; five successes must be
accumulated in each, or the sword is flawed and the whole
process, including the growing of a new plot of fennel, must

Cuapren Tunee: Cuanacren Creation 69
. = S site
rs ane wo 3 de, i>
wees


begin again — obviously, too many failures, and you'll be
out one caul).

© Fennel ferro spettrale cools very slowly. When the
sword is ready to be cooled, go to the Chamber of Oblivion,
located within the Forge, with the hot iron and dip the
sword into the frigid Nihil there while naming it. (Use the
"Retishism" rules above to give the sword its power; all
Benandanti swords are L 5 or above talismans, as they
do aggravated damage to Spectres and the spirits of the
Void. Note, too, that unlike ordinary talismans, Benandanti
swords are powered for a year from the date of the Forging.
Thereafter, Benandanti must dip their fennel swords in a
Nihil every new moon to repower it, or they must reforge
the sword.) The forces of Oblivion are damaged by the
sword, and dipping it into their realm may cause some dark
thing to come crawling up out of the pit to deprive you of
your prize. You may get a chance to use your new weapon,
like it or not...

* Before you return to the Sunlit Lands, bring your
sword toa location where there is a forge you can use in the
living lands. When you emerge from Ekstasis, forge a
second sword around the spirit sword so that you may carry
it with you in the physical world (Strength + Blacksmithing,
difficulty 5; this version of the sword is also made into a

talisman, Level 5, with the express purpose of exorcising
possessing Spectres —during such acontest, the Benandante
rolls Wits + Occult vs. the Spectre's Willpower. This power
may not be used in the Underworld, though the sword can
still cause aggravated damage to Spectres there.)

© One final word of advice: Never reveal the name of
your sword to anyone, even your sapienza. If a creature of
Oblivion hears it during the Cooling, be sure that the
creature is killed before you leave, for, remember: part of
your caul is bound into the weapon now. (There are stories
of Malfeans learning the names of these swords. Some
spirits have Rituals of their own in which they can use the
sword's name to possess the Benandante or even pull him
unwillingly into the Tempest.)

The Orphic Circle
The Orphic Oath of Secrecy

To keep tight reins on its membership, the Ebon
Bench requires that all members of the Orphic Circle take
a binding oath of secrecy. The Ebon Bench performs a
Major Binding on the candidate (see "Spirit Control"
above). This works just as most Major Bindings do, except
that there isno contest of wills; the candidate allows herself
to bound. The terms of the oath are set out in Chapter 2.


The Creusan Mark

To create the Creusan Mark, the Daughters have
created a Level 2 talisman that appears to be a white-hot
brand (see "Fetishism" above). The brand pattern seems
only to be an empty rectangle. When the brand is used on
a Tertullian — stripped buck-naked, of course — it does
not create any kind of mark on the flesh of the posterior
(where it is usually placed), although it smarts quite a bit.
However, it does create a spiritual "Kick Me" sign as
detailed in Chapter 3. The only way for a Tertullian to
break its power is by immersing the affliction in the font of
Tertullian.

The Bloo Moons
The Spectral Scream

When in Ekstasis and traveling the Underworld, Bloo
Moons can emit screams that attract Spectres. They do so
by employing their skill in Ephemera (Hedge Magic).
While screaming at the top of their lungs, the Bloo Moons
summon Spectres — roll Charisma + Occult, difficulty 9
(the difficulty of penetrating through the Tempest to
nearby Spectres). Usually, they scream and howl as a team:
with every success the secondary members get in Ephemera
+ Occult, difficulty 7, subtracting one from the difficulty 9

that the primary member must roll against. The primary.
summoner's Ephemera rating determines how far the mes-
sage travels. Every success on the primary member's roll
attracts one Spectre. If the Bloo Moons are not near the
Tempest, a Nihil may open up in the ground at their feet
(50% chance). Failure means no Spectres arrive. A botch
means another type of spirit heard them and was attracted
— a barghest, a Ferryman, a Hierarchy wraith. These
generally do not take kindly to attempts to summon Spec-
tres into the Shadowlands. Plus, some of the Bloo Moons
have an aura of Oblivion about them that barghests attack.

The Pinball Wizards

When the Wizards trap spirits in their machines,
players should have their characters hold a seance and use
the Ephemera rules above to summon wraiths (these rules
will only summon Artificers who know how to travel the
electron highway). Activating the Ectoplasmic Rerouter,
characters then attempt a Major Binding (see rules in
"Spirit Control" above), which affixes the spirit to the
machinery in which it is trapped. Because of the Major
Binding, the Wizards may move spirits from one piece of
machinery to another, but every time they do so, they must
roll Manipulation + Occult vs. the trapped wraith's Will-
power (which seems to grow stronger the longer it remains
trapped). To purge a wraith from a piece of machinery,
Wizards use the rules for Dismissal (Spirit Control).

Curren Tunee: Cuanacten Creation



Chapter Four:
GihosthuntingChronicles

The answer to life is..

—E.G.

hy does a character seek out ghosts?
N| What can she discover about them,
e she lives in, and
about herself by doing so? The type of
chronicle a Storyteller runs can decide
the answers to these questions.
Ghosthunting chronicles explore a
variety of motifs, whether they represent dramatic styles,
literary themes, or personal or group motivations for seek-
ing out ghosts. Story concepts such as those outlined below
give the characters a direction to pursue and help the
chronicle work thematically.

When running a ghosthunting chronicle, Storytellers
should strive to maintain a brooding atmosphere and an air
of mystery. While ghosthunters often know more about the
occult than ordinary folk, they are still mortal and should
remain largely ignorant of the mystical nature of the
universe around them. Part of the bait that lures the Quick
into exploration is the mystery of the afterlife; Storytellers
shouldavoid revealingall of life's mysteries in one epiphanic
episode.

well, hell if I know.

By using descriptive details, Storytellers can create
that sense of mystery and also allow characters — and
players — time to reflect on their situation. This reflection
is important because, without it, the chronicle may become
emotionally empty. In real life, people react to their envi-
ronment and have feelings about it. If a leering Spectre
suddenly appears before Joe the ghosthunter in the middle
of a dilapidated house in rural Louisiana, and tells him that
he is Joe's father, Joe doesn't simply think to himself,
"That's nice. 1 wonder where the nearest McDonald's is."
He reacts. He wonders if he is "bad seed," if his family has
been cursed, if he is destined to evil. He finds himself
pondering whether he should put his "father" out of misery,
or if by doing so he is playing into the hands of evil. For the
rest of the week, he is testy if someone jokes about his bad
habits, or he reacts angrily if someone suggests he should
see a doctor about his alcoholism. Something is eating at
him, and he should figure out what it is and how to solve the
problem — not just the outer problem of whether or not
that Spectre was his father, but also the inner one of what
that means to Joe.

Cuapren Four: Guostauntine Cunonicies 73

> > Rte
= a pean FE a -.
VASAT NR ee


Some of the best chronicles are those in which the
characters discover only a little accurate information, and
then have time to reflect upon it in detail. Quickly moving
from one huge revelation to the next diminishes the
potential for drama inherent in ghosthunting chronicles.
Storytellers should give characters a chance to explore the
story's theme and should attempt to weave novelty into
even the more mundane of occult revelations. Finding a
happy balance between mortal ignorance and the vital
impulse toward discovery means success.

This chapter contains some suggestions for story con-
cepts. Storytellers should feel free to adapt these to their
chronicles or create new ones.

Forgiveness

When I said goodbye to her at Heathrow, | did not know
that I would be saying goodbye to her forever. After all, we had
our lives before us. Joyce and I considered the trip a brief
inconvenience, a small interruption in our daily schedule forced
upon us by the necessity of earning our keep — a short business
trip to the States, that was all. We had had an argument about
her going; at the airport, I made her promise to return in time for
little Estelle's piano recital that Saturday afternoon.

She missed it

Now I aman oldman —have been so since the awful news
of the crash — and I am searching ever more intently for a way
to let Joyce know that I love her, that Estelle loved her until she,
too, died. I search because I believe that Joyce lives: the day of
the crash, I swear to you sensed the horrible intensity of the heat
that killed my wife. And, ever since then, I have felt her
presence. So I speak to her when I am alone at night, or during
the day when no one is around, and I wonder if I am going
insane. You see, presence is not enough. I need a reply...I need
to hear that she forgives me and understands that | did everything
I could to save Estelle from death. I need to know if Estelle is with
her

Now I have only a few pounds left to my name. I have tried
religion, charity, and prayers, but they could not offer me
Joyce's forgiveness. Meditation did me no good, nor did London's
mediums, charlatans all. I have tried psychics and seances,
crystal balls and Tarot cards, Ouija boards and planchettes —
ali useless. Now, in the winter of my life, I feel that I have but
two choices remaining. I will either find someone who can truly
teach me how to contact the dead, or I will do away with myself,
hoping to meet Joyce and Estelle on the other side. The firstis less
risky, more preferable. I know of some people who claim to
channel the spirits of the dead. ..I will try, too. The second option
is simply practical — for what do I have left to live for? Extreme
old age? More loneliness? Humiliation at the hands of uncaring
young nurses? Volunteers barely tolerating my vituperative
stream of babble? Unending days of spit, urine, defecation,
cancerous stink? No — far better to die now and live sooner.

When the Quick pass away, they leave behind those
they love. Sometimes that love does not fade over time; the

ee TC OR i a ee ee

memories grow stronger, and with them comes guilt, regret
for what might have been. Sometimes the need for the
forgiveness of the vanished loved one overcomes the bar-
riers between life and death itself. This need can lead the
Quick to embark upon a search for answers, a way to
contact their loved ones beyond the grave. And sometimes
the loved one seeks the same....

The resolute quest for forgiveness makes for one of the
most moving motifs ina chronicle. Ghosthunters thrive on
such motives, which can spur them to hopelessly heroic or
downright dastardly deeds as they hurdle the obstacles
between them and the spirits of their loved ones. The
question for players is how far their characters will go, and
whether or not they simultaneously become the heroes and
the villains in their pursuit of forgiveness. Does the player-
character's loved one indeed still exist, and, if so, is she
trying to contact the character with equal fervor? Will one
ofthe players play the wraith? And what if the ghosthunter's
resolution falters, whether from lack of faith or from the
distraction of another love interest? What does that mean
to the wraith whose memory begins to fade — what action
will she take? How much guilt will the ghosthunter feel?

This sort of chronicle also works well for the motifs of
unrequited and eternal love. Mortal characters continue to
seek their loved ones, while the loved one has either passed
on, accepting her new existence as a wraith, or else seeks
the mortal in return. Chronicles such as these should stress
the characters' passions: the longing, the loneliness, and
the love, as well as the guilt, the uncertainty, the dejection,
and the anger ("I love her so much; why does she not love
me back?"). Remember the details, too: the difference
between a meaningful chronicle and a lackluster one can
be the use of details such as the loved one's amusing (or
annoying) little habits, possessions, remembrances, memo-
ries of special holidays, and so forth.

If the Storyteller alk a mixed

the Quick and the Dead), consider how to balance

roup (i.¢

both mechanics and drama. One thing Storytell

ers might do is to boost mortals' Freebie Points to

21 to balance play. To balance the drama, they

might wish to spend equal amounts of time in the

Skinlands and the Shadowlands, alternating fre

quently between each (unresolved questions and
hair-raising cliffhang

tools). Alternately, Storytellers may allow players

sare always great dramatic

to create both mortal and wraith characters to

play in each setting, obviating the need for dra

matic juggling

Did you know that many restless spirits of the dead are living
out their Hell-sentences here on earth? Yes, Isay, hereonearth. The
Devil-spawn are not content with the evil they can perform in the
Underworld; no, they must ooze up through the cracks to corrupt
the souls of the living as well. At every opportunity, they appear to
the living to twist their minds toward death and the lowly passions
instead of lifting their eyes and their spirits up to the pure mind of
God.

Yes, the Restless are responsible for the decline of belief that
marks the modem age, for they infect the living with evil notions of
what the afterlifeisnot. They tell tales ofan Underworld where there
is no God and there is no Devil — just restless spirits of the dead
wandering about for eternity. Lies! Alll lies! One can expect no less
from the sons and daughters of the Dark One. They undermine the
very foundations of our faith.

What recourse do we have? I will tell you: we must fight these
dark spirits until they are afraid to enter our world, until they learn
the fear of God Himself. We must purify this old world of ours by
learning how to destroy the Devil's minions.

Where there is fear, death follows. A large portion of
those who seek out ghosts also seek to destroy them, for they
are strange and therefore frightening; they do not mesh with
the ghosthunters' worldviews, and therefore they shake the
foundations of their faiths. Such faiths need not be of western
origin; many different cultures fear the dead and seek to
eradicate their presence from the world of the living

The pogrom can form the basis for an entire chronicle, as
characters seek out and follow up on reports of ghost sightings
and supernatural occurrences. But there are plenty of other
things for characters to discover or do over the course of a
chronicle as well. They can learn how to destroy ghosts or
invent new ways of doing so. They can learn how to perform
exorcisms or placate the dead by sending them away with
coveted gifts or promises. Generations of hunters could stalk
one particular wraith decade after decade. Characters could
recruit new members or, if they know how, attack the Restless
in the Shadowlands themselves.

Pogrom chronicles also lend themselves to murder mys-
teries in which a ghost is involved. Since the characters may
be likely to place the blame upon the supernatural creature,
the Storyteller has some latitude in creating interesting plot
twists. How do the characters explain a murdered child who
has become a wraith? Is the child evil? If so, how was she
corrupted and who did it? Does she deserve justice in the form
of revenge? Should the hunters help a ghost destroy another
ghost? What if the child is, indeed, corrupt, using the hunters
to destroy a hated nemesis?

Purification

The Sect of the Roses begs leave of the Circle to explain its
grounds for separation. We are a devout group, no different from
the members of the Circle n faith and bearing. Nevertheless, we find
the Doctrine of Death unacceptable in its condemnation of the spirits

Cuarten Four: Guostauntine Curonices 75


of dead humans who continue to wander the earth. Are our
ancestors not to be revered? Are we not here to carry on their line
and to be guided by their wisdom, which increases with every age?
The spirits of the dead are not evil — generations of our neighbors,
the wise-men and women of Tibet, consult with them and are not
the worse for it. How, then, can we condemn these spirits for
wanting to continue to guide us?

We further believe that the spirits of the dead are not merely
helpful, but are indeed holy, that they have the power to purify our
souls. We therefore beg you not to condemn us, for we purify, not
corrupt, ourselves by allowing our ancestors to enter our souls.

We have therefore seceded from the Circle, for we believe that
if the spirits of the dead are still human and are not any more
malevolent than are we, then we should seek their wisdom, for they
are far older than us. My respected Elders, we do not wish to cause
trouble for you. But we also mustlisten to our minds and our hearts.

Not all cultures find the spirits of the dead corrupting;
rather, some see an opportunity for self-improvement as they
honor the souls of their ancestors. Purification chronicles
center around a group of characters who have such beliefs or
who meet others who do. These characters search for oppor-
tunities in which to channel wraiths, believing that they can
use this means to better themselves. Purification chronicles
can involve the search for wraiths, the discovery of Rituals
honoring (or attracting) the spirits of the dead, and the
decisions characters must make about following any advice
given to them while channeling. This type of chronicle is also
an opportunity for characters to travel to unusual locations
where such purification rites are typically conducted or can be
learned. Another option Storytellers have is to transform a
Pogrom chronicle into a Purification chronicle, in which
characters come to believe that they can benefit spiritually
from the spirits of the dead.

Revenge

He stood before the group of already half-dead men — which
included my husband — drew his officer's pistol, the badge of his
"honor," and aimed. He hardly needed to. His targets were
humiliated, broken prisoners. They stood clustered near the hot
brick wall of the factory building, the glorious sun beaming down
upon them, the sky shining blue overhead. Their shoulders were
hunched over, their heads hanging, their bodies frail from starvation.

The gun shot rang out, echoing like the solitary death beat of
a bass drum. The man next to my husband crumpled. I wanted to
scream — so helpless I was behind the barbed wire fence that
separated over husbands and sons from us. ButifI screamed, I would
die, too.

The Nazi strolled past the men who stood waiting for their
deaths, as if strolling through the sunny countryside. He made a
careless gesture with his hand and another man crumpled to the
ground. The prisoners did not flinch as the man's head left marks on
their clothing and emaciated hands, and his blood crept across the
wom soles of the shoes they were fortunate to have.

76 Tat Quick ano THe Deap


One byone, that Nazi murdered every one of those men. After

the first, I was transfixed with horror. My husband, my love, stood
there like a sheep at the slaughterhouse, waiting for the bullet to rip
away his brain. He stood helplessly while the other Jews fell around
him. And finally it was his tum. No different than the rest, he, too,
crumpled to the ground, and left me without hope.

But I did have one hope remaining to me: that I could find the
Nazi who had destroyed our lives and be the cause of his ruin. I am
old now and have been searching for years for the executioner; my
search has at last paid off. I have come too late to deal death to He
Nazi, but perhaps I can deal far worse. My only purpose now is to
avenge my husband and myself — and, ina sense, all of my people
whose lives were destroyed by racism and genocide

Whether in life or death, some ghosts have given the
Quick reason to hunt them down, intent either to destroy
them or to make them suffer. Revenge is a strong primary
motivation upon which to base a chronicle, drawing charac-
ters along as if they had swallowed baited hook. Revenge
chronicles can be straightforward pursuits of justice (as deter-
mined by the victim), or they can be examinations of the
nature of revenge. The latter type of chronicle explores the
nebulous region between vengeance and corruption, in which
characters must take a good look at what they are doing to
determine whether or not they have become what they most
hate. Some characters may not believe that they themselves
have become the victimizers — which may or may not be true
depending upon circumstance — but this kind of chronicle
gives them room to explore how far they could go before this
transformation were to occur.

Revenge chronicles need not focus only on the moment
of revenge itself, but also upon the decision to avenge oneself,
the preparation involved (sometimes years in the coming),
and the type of vengeance that would satisfy the character's
urge for "eye foran eye" justice. Wreaking vengeance upon the
Dead is a difficult task, one obviously requiring much prepa-
ration, both in terms of necessary occult knowledge and
psychological fortification. This preparation alone can be-
come the subject of an entire chronicle.

Running the Fog

Storytellers running
may wish players to use the Fog chart in Wraith

hosthunting chronicles

(p. 205) as a guideline for purchasing characters'
Willpower. It won't do, for instance, for a well
known Creusan Daughter confronted by an angry
wraith to run away frightene
enced Orphic to wet his loincloth. If points are at

, or for an experi

bri aecliite premiam (Scorvectlersmay allow play
ers to take vs if the points go toward

Willpower

Death Wish

Just because I am a psychologist does not mean that I am
immune to that uniquely human malady commonly known as a
"death wish." I find it singularly thrilling to wager my existence on
random or unpredictable occurrences, particularly when the nature
of the bet centers upon the already-dead. What will become of me
if l allow the dead to enter my mind or if I invade the minds of the
dead? Do I lose my self? Do I become nothingness? Can I bring
myself back if I enter a world without life, without that spark of
vitality that urges us to create and to be? Does contact with the dead
slowly submerge my subconscious in the metaphorical equivalent of
the River Lethe?

What is death like? Those who explore this issue — truly
explore it —have somehow managed to overcome the atavis-
tic instinct of self-preservation that taught us as a species how
to survive in an indifferent world. Chronicles exploring this
theme should also explore precisely what a "death wish"
This term describes not only a desire for death, but rather a
host of other desires that use the fear of death asa measurement
ofachievement. A death wish, for instance, can bea desire for
ego-gratification achieved only by overcoming death.
Chronicles can explore the nature of this "victory over death"
—whether or not, for instance, it isa self-deception. If people
were truly capable of overcoming death, then would there be
aneed for parachutes or bungee cords or safety nets? Is what
appears to bea "death wish" simply amechanism for reassuring
the mind that it is capable of withstanding high degrees of
uncertainty and the unknown?

In a Death Wish chronicle, characters find themselves
voluntarily performing risky acts involving wraiths or Spectres
(or other beings of the Underworld) and examining their
motives for doing so. (It goes without saying that the players
themselves should not perform any such acts! Roleplaying is
a positive act of creative imagination and self-exploration,
NOT an outlet for self-destructive behavior.) Characters may
find that they love life too much to lose it, or they may find that
life is not what they value, but rather the continued existence
of the self independent of physical manifestation. Characters
may also explore other themes within the death wish motif,
such as the need for excitement, the effects of boredom or
loneliness upon the psyche, the need to be viewed as unique
(another motivation for risking death), and the boundary
between curiosity and self-destructiveness.

Altruism

The restless one wavered on the stairs for a moment, staring
at us hollowly as if seeing through us, then met my gaze. In his eyes
I could see infinite sadness, a depth of forlorn passion beyond mortal
understanding. Though he glowed with some inner light, a pulsing
blue radiance that spoke of an otherworldly vitality, his face
expressed only the loneliness of death. In that moment, I knew that
he wanted us to usher him to the world beyond the next. His was a
restless spirit mutely crying for peace, a peace that only we
Benandanti could deliver him.

Cuapren Foun: Guostauntine Guronicies 77

Some mortal minds hold only contempt and fear for the
spirits of the dead, while others find them pathetic creatures in
need of mercy. This latter group often believes it the duty of
mortals to help the Restless move on, to break the fetters that
chain them to the world of the living. Such beliefs often form
the basis for an Altruism chronicle, in which characters help
usher ghosts to Transcendence or Oblivion (although rarely
do characters know such terms). Altruism may take other
forms, as well. Characters may help certain ghosts attain their
goals (what those goals are is up to the Storyteller), or they can
experiment on the spirits of the dead and dying in an attempt
to find a way to force human spirits beyond the Underworld.
Whatever the outward events of the Altruism chronicle,
itis oftenagood idea to explore the inward motivationsofsuch
impulses, as well. What lies behind a character's altruism? Is it
an inner need for self-forgiveness? A desire for group accep-
tance? The wish for ego-gratification, to appear to oneself as
magnanimous? Curiosity about the character's fate afterdeath?
Deep-seated sadism masked as empathy? A truly heart-felt
empathy for other creatures, living or dead? Or some combi-
nation of these? The Quick are complex psychological beings,
and ghosthunters often more complex than most. Storytellers
should take advantage of the inward nature of an Altruism
chronicle to explore the psyches of the characters involved.

Fame

"Yes, Geraldo, I do believe ghosts exist. What many people fail
to realize is that belief is the key to seeing, not the other way around.
And, no, that doesn't mean I imagine ghosts into existence. They
exist whether I like it or not. It's just that I can't see them if I don't
believe in them.

"I'm a professional ghosthunter — that means I have to be
realistic about what do or people won' tgive me any credibility. The
fact that I'm here on your show tells me that I' ve come farther than
other ghosthunters in finding the truth. My goal now is to prove to
‘you that my profession is a real one, that ghosts do exist."

Why risk taking your occult knowledge to the public?
After all, there are many unbelievers, and you will doubtless
suffer ridicule and scorn. Well, one simple reason is the desire
for fame. To live in the public eye, to be seen as unique, to be
rich, to be admired, to be envied...to be famous. Not many
ghosthunters can achieve these goals; it takes a very charis-
matic, witty, and persuasive hunter toovercome theskepticism
of the scientific age. Most hunters concentrate on obtaining
knowledge, not presenting it to the world, and when they are
called upon to reveal what they know, they often come across
as eccentric oddballs, humorous misfits, or despicable glory
seekers. Oftentimes this perception is accurate.

Famechroniclesconcentrate on the character's objective
of achieving fame, or on the nature of fame once that goal is
reached. Characters may encounter difficulties in their pursuit
of ghosts because the media is watching them or because
dissidents are purposefully giving them trouble. Like many
rock bands, they may have "creative differences" once in the

limelight. Their egos may threaten to overwhelm them, or
they may draw unwanted attention from the spiritual sector.

Fame chronicles may also explore the characters' rise to
fame or their fall from glory. How do the characters gain
credibility in the eyes of the public — or do they? Does fame
have to do with credibility or fad? To the public, they may be
just another toy, an amusement and a distraction from the
humdrum realities of ordinary life. And what happens if the
media exposes the characters as frauds? Whether or not they
are, in fact, frauds, the experience should be a harrowing one
for the now-pampered hunters. It may also be psychologically
rejuvenating, allowing fora return to the simple days of lonely
ghosthunting without glamour or glitz, and providing both an
excuse to apologize to other characters for behaving selfishly
and an opportunity to reestablish waning friendships.

Escape

I am writing this journal in order to keep myself from falling
asleep. I have tried drugs, meditation, and electroshock, but I fear
that this will be my last night of consciousness and perhaps even life,
for my eyes are closing on me.

The others have left me. Knowing the danger, they still could
not resist the mortal necessity of sleep. To sleep is to dream, and the
Spectres have found us there in that other dream-world. If I should
sleep now, I fear that, like my companions, I shall never again
awaken.

Ghosthunters do not always use offensive tactics; often,
they find themselves placed on the defensive, forced to protect
themselves, their loved ones, and sometimes complete strang-
ersoreven those they dislike, from various outside threats. The
threat is usually supernatural, although danger may arise from
any quarter, and often the most aggressive beings are the most
vital — i.e., the living. An Escape chronicle focuses on the
characters' attempt to escape, or to help others to escape, from
a threat posed by the supernatural. Perhaps, at some time in
their past, the characters made enemies with a powerful Spook
or a malicious Sandman, and it has managed to track them
down. Now they fear for their lives, or they are afraid to fall
asleep. Perhaps the characters are helping a ghost to evade
pursuit by the Sons of Tertullian, or are leading a group of
ghosthunting refugees with whose principles they disagree to
a holy place of safety.

Whatever the plot element, an Escape chronicle should
explore the nature of fear, self-preservation, and/or responsi-
bility toothers. Storytellers can test the characters' convictions
in life or death situations and perhaps also the players' creative
diplomacy skills ifnegotiation with hostile entities is required.

This story concept is best if used in conjunction with
another. Players will soon get bored if their characters are
always on the run, never able to direct the action themselves.
More exciting is when players get involved in another story
concept first. The hostile entity then appears and the charac-
ters are forced to run. When they feel that they have eluded
their pursuers, they become involved in another plot line, but

the hunters appear again. Characters will never quite feel safe,
but at the same time, they will feel at least somewhat self-
directed. The interlude may also give them a chance to
regroup and perhaps find a solution to the problem, so that
they will not be forced to run forever.

Power

Damn right I want to see results. I'm not paying you to sit
around on your bloody arses all night. Those ghosts are valuable
to us, understand? Do you understand the implications here?
No, I mean really understand? If these ghosts exist, we're not
going to parade them around like a carnival act! No public
displays. Quite the opposite. What's that?...Yes, exactly: why
should we risk our best ops to get into those rings of Middle
Eastern hoodlums? Why risk them at the Pentagon? If we can
learn to control these ghosts, we've essentially got the bloody
Invisible Man....Yes, that's right. They can read secret files
over Uncle Sam's shoulders without setting off alarms; they can
locate nuclear sites in northern Korea without inciting the entire
country to riot; they can sneak into Saddam's bloody tent and
set off explosions for all I care. But the point is, Jonnie, they will
make merry old England toastmaster of the nuclear club once
again

Ghosthunters do not always live up to the stereotype
of skulking around in haunted houses in order to discover
the meaning of life itself. After all, who cares about the
meaning of life when you can shape your own fate? Those
who seek power are wise to explore the uses of the Under-
world, for there is phenomenal raw potential there.
However, learning to harness that power is (or should be)
anigh-impossible task, something that no organized politi-
cal body has yet managed. Even so, political interest in the
occult is not unknown; Hitler's fascination with occult
artifacts, for instance, has been well-documented.

Power chronicles can center around the characters'
encounters with occult information used to boost political,
financial, or other types of power. Characters may discover
information about ghosts or the Underworld only to have
it stolen and used by a political force. Or they may attempt
to use it themselves to get a piece of the political pie. The
financial world may have spies in the characters' midst,
making use of their secrets, or the characters may seek to
ensure their own political power in the afterlife by attempt-
ing to secure it now.

Whatever the ratio of the occult to power, characters
ina Power chronicle should find opportunities to explore
the ramifications of their knowledge on the political or
financial systems they are about to unbalance. They should
have achance to ask themselves whether or not they want
to get involved in political games — whether they think
they can handle the high intrigue, the complex intertela-
tionships, the potential corruptions of their schemes. And
if they do not wish to get involved, what if it is too late? Can
they undo the harm that has already been done?



Chapter 5:
Creating Organizations

ortal ghosthunters have quite a variety
| of needs and desires when it comes to
finding ways to make their jobs easier,
more profitable, or more exciting. Many
g| of these can be fulfilled through mem-
H| bership in an organization. By their
very nature, organizations offer the
ghosthunter benefits that he or she could not secure alon
support, learning, weapons, accumulated experience —
even atmosphere. As long as these advantages outweigh
the organization's shortcomings, the ghosthunter will find
her membership in the organization to be well worth her
while. This chapter details the process of creating such
organizations. The rules and suggestions found herein may

————

lend some insight into the development of the chronicle,
as well as providing a means to create interesting back-
grounds for the player characters (with the Storyteller's
permission).

In some respects creating an organization is similar to
creating a character — you must think about its goals and
motives, its characteristic advantages and disadvantages,
the extent of its Underworld knowledge, its location, and
so on. You should also consider the details that distinguish
individual organizations, such as internal structure, re-
sources, enemies and entrance criteria.

If players wish to create an organization of their own,
Storytellers may allow them to purchase the Background
"Home Base" to establish a headquarters for it.


it as a guideline for creating your own
organizations or to modify those orga-
nizations described in this book

Step One: Power Level
* Choose Power Level: Is it a fledgling orga

nization, or an established, efficient society?

Step Two: Organization Concept

* Describe the Beginnings: Why does the
organization hunt ghosts? What is its overall
concept? How did it come to be in the first place?

¢ Detail its Structure: Who may join? Does it
have a strict hierarchy, or is it a loose confedera
tion of individuals? When does it meet? Are there
internal factions?

© Determine Image: What is its general atti-

tude? Has it earned a reputation?

Step Three: Organization Aspects
© Choose Talents: What Talents, Skills or
Knowledges does the organization require from its
members? Does it train them?
What are the
organization's internal politics? What are its lead-

loyal?

organization's reputation precede it? How coop

¢ Determine Politics

ers like? Are members Does the
erative is its social structure?

¢ Determine its Resources: What monies can
it draw upon? Does it have access to laboratories
or an occult library? Does it own any talismans?
What contacts does it maintain?

Step Four: Headquarters (Optional)
sunds: Where are its head

quarters? Does the organization own its land? Is

© Describe the

the base hidden? How big is it?

* Select Defenses: Is the base fortified? Are
there guards, and what can they do? Is there
security system? Is the place Warded?

© Describe the Unusual: What is its ambi
ance? Is there psychic or magical interference?

re there paranormal disturbances? Does it have

special mystic advantages?

ee ee ee

Step One: Power Level

The first thing the Storyteller should do when creating
an organization or when allowing players to create one is to
determine how powerful an organization his chronicle can
support. For instance, a Storyteller might not want mem-
bers of the highly knowledgeable Arcanum milling about
ina chronicle designed to introduce players to the concept
of ghosts.

y allo-

During organization creation, Storytellers m
cate a number of "creation points" to their players (or
Storytellers can use these points as guidelines for balancing
power levels within their chronicles). These points repre-
sent the resources, financial and otherwise, that the
organization's founders were able to call on to form their
group. Use of creation points is purely optional; they are
simply there to provide guidelines for balancing play. The
sidebar below lists the various power levels at which orga-
n

zations operate.

Generally, the weaker organizations will have fewer
members, will be more recently established, and will have
headquarters located further away from Haunts. They will
also be less familiar with other hunting organizations, and
will have more limited research capacities and a looser
internal structure. More powerful organizations tend to
have been around longer, know more answers to the
mysteries of the Underworld, and have greater access to
resources and facilities.

Costs

A group of beginning ghosthunting character:
start with no more than 20 creation points (not each) and
preferably 10 to 15, unless the Storyteller is prepared to
accommodate more powerful organizations. If players are
going to create the organization, the Storyteller may wish
to divide these points evenly between them so that they
can all take part in the creation proc:

Organizations do not automatically own a building in
which to locate their headquarters; this must be purchased
with the "Home Base" Background. Players may contribute
points individually to a communal home base, or one
player can pay the entire cost if he wishes. If players do not
wish to purchase a home base, they can choose a public
place in which to meet, or a player whose character already
owns property can volunteer that property as a headquar-

ould

Power Levels

Weak organization: 5-10 creation points
Average organization: 11-20 creation points
Above average organization: 21-30 creation points
Strong organization: 31-40 creation points

Powerful organization: 41-50 creation points

Very powerful organization: 51+ creation points

ters. Players should be forewarned, however, that adven-
tures can make headquarters unusable or cause recurring
nuisances (such as hauntings). Moreover, enhancements
to player character-owned buildings, such as Wards, must
be purchased with "construction points."

Players (or the Storyteller) should begin by defining
the organization without mechanics (Step Two). Once
this is done, players should review and follow the proce-
dures in Steps Three and Four, in which all aspects of anew
organization are covered. Advantages are listed with the
points required to buy the advantage, while disadvantages
are listed with the points that they subtract from the cost
of the organization. The Storyteller is advised to emphasize
the disadvantages, making them worth the points they
return. Total disadvantages should not be worth more than
half of the total spent on advantages. Before play, Storytell-
ers should always review the resulting organization.

Step Two: Organization Concept

Begin by formulating a broad organization concept,
something that sets the organization apart from other
hunter groups, something that makes it unique and inter-
esting. At this stage, don't go intoa lot of detail. You'll have
time for that later in the creation process — for now, just
formulate an idea. When defining a concept, remember to
try to stay within the Storyteller's point bounds.

Beginnings

* Motivation

Why does the organization seek out ghosts? This book
discusses four basic motivations: desire for purification,
desire for knowledge, desire for power, and desire for thrills.
If you have a motivation for your organization that is not
covered here, feel free to use it!

Purification: These organizations are of two types,
depending on whether or not they believe ghosts (wraiths,
Spectres, or other unknown denizens of the Underworld)
to be good or evil. Ghosthunters (used in the sense of those
who seek ghosts' destruction) generally see ghosts as evil
anda threat to humanity, and wish to purge them from the
living world. Other groups may believe wraiths to be good,
and seek to channel their power to cleanse their souls.

Knowledge: Some organizations seek out ghosts to
gain knowledge about the universe, both outside and inside
themselves, for learning's sake. Sometimes these groups
evolve into power-seeking organizations.

Power: These groups wish to use their knowledge or
control over ghosts to gain earthly or spiritual power, either
while living or in the afterlife. For instance, an organiza-
tion may wish to learn more about wraiths in order to set up
comfortable and influential afterlives for themselves. Their
primary goal is power, whether they view knowledge as the
key or not.

Thrills: Some organizations exist to accommodate
the desire for stimulation — and ghosthunting is an ex-
tremely unique source of stimulation. For more ideas on the
motivations behind thrill-seeking, see Chapter Two, "The
Thrill-Seekers."

Remember that an organization can and often does
have more than one motivation. It all depends primarily
upon how unified its members' general thinking is. If there
are many factions, there will be many motivations. Still, try
to choose just one or two in order to maintain a unified
concept for your organization. While members' individual
motivations for belonging may differ widely, an
organization's motivations often depend largely upon pur-
poses stated or written down somewhere, and these stated
goals are typically resistant to change.

© Concept

Now that you have a motivation for your organization,
further narrow down your original concept. If the group
had a "gimmick," how would you describe it? How does its
motivation mesh with it?

© Catalyst

Every organization has a history. At this point, you
should formulate a short list of events that led to your
organization's formation. Who founded it, how long ago,
and why? What obstacles did he or she (or it) have to
overcome? What did the founder discover in the process?
How has the organization changed since it was founded?
Have any of its original motivations changed? What keeps
it together today?

Structure

Membership

Give some thought to who belongs to the organiz:
tion. How many members does it have? What are its
entrance criteria? Do you have to have a Ph.D. in physics,
or just pay a membership fee and you're in? Is it cliquish,
preferring only members of a certain social set, does it
encourage everyone to join, or is it somewhere in between?
If it does have entrance requirements, does it make sure
members meet them — does it conduct background checks,
require entrance exams, or demand other tests of character
and competence? What happens if a character fails? Is it a
highly secret organization, just unknown, or an institution
in plain view of the public and the media? Ifit is secret, how
does it maintain its secrecy during membership searches,
investigations, and member conflicts (e.g., when a member
disagrees with policy and wants to leave the organization)?
Isit comprised solely of mortals? The point here is to sketch
out the sort of people characters are likely to run into, as
well as to outline the way in which the organization deals
with its membership.

© Ranking System

Most organizations need leaders to direct the efforts of
the membership, but the formality of the leadership differs

Cunpten Five: Creatine Oneanizarions 83
re a
Pak >).
fb OR: ‘ ELE:
aN aS ce


a ee ee

from organization to organization. For your own, deter-
mine first whether your organization is rigidly, flexibly, or
loosely structured. Rigidly structured organizations have
defined roles for members, including the leadership's role
and powers, and how it is established (democratic vote,
oligarchy, etc.). Members' roles are defined in the same
manner. Organizations that are loosely structured tend to
play events by ear; whoever is best suited for a job, includ-
ing that of leadership, may find herself in that position.
Many, although not all, smaller organizations have loose
structures and are not as hierarchical in nature. Flexibly
structured organizations fall somewhere in between these
two extremes, with guidelines, not rules, governing the
roles of leadership and membership.

You may also want to determine the ranking system for
your organization: who is most respected and why? Who is
least respected and why? Does it have to do with titles,
achievements, or experience? The values of the organiza-
tion as a whole largely determine its ranking system.

* Council

How does your organization's membership cohere —
or does it? Usually, organizations achieve coherence by
establishing set dates and/or places for meetings each year,
month, or week. At this point, decide whether or not your
organization meets, and, if so, when, where, and how. Do
these "Councils" (conferences, conventions, gatherings,
etc.) have a special name? Are they linked with special
times or seasons of the year? What do they accomplish?

° Factions

Every organization has members who disagree with
each other. Sometimes these disagreements lead to
unresolvable conflicts. In such cases, organization leaders
often prefer to allow the formation of factions, sects,
schools, or other divisions, rather than to provoke a com-
plete departure, thereby losing membership. Given this,
factions also make for interesting roleplaying when con-
flicts arise over ideology, procedure, favoritism, or even
who gets to use what equipment. At this stage, you should
first determine whether or not your organization is large or
widespread enough to support factions. If so, what charac-
terizes these factions? Give them names, members,
motivations, and relationships to the leadership of the
central organization. Are they a result of geographical,
political, ideological, social, or religious differences? Are
they very hostile toward other factions within the organi-
zation, or do they have a working relationship? If hostile,
consider how they manage conflict (Do they become
violent? Do they seek to effect a political overthrow? and so
forth).

Image
° Attitude
Every organization has a "personality." It is important
for you to establish the general attitude or "personality" of

the organization, which, in turn, determines the general
attitude of its membership. To do so, use the Personality
Archetypes listed in Wraith. For instance, is the organiza-
tion something of a Bravo? Does it like bullying others,
including ghosts? Or does it see itself as the savior of
humanity and thusas morally superior (Martyr)? Asalways,
if you think ofan archetype not listed, feel free to use it. Pay
particular attention to how the organization sees its role in
relation to the Restless. This often helps determine its role
in relation to the rest of humanity.

Status

Sometimes organizations develop reputations among
certain sets of people. If your organization is secret, it is
unlikely to have a reputation, but if it is not, you may want
to give it one. If you decide to do so, see "Merits and Flaws"
below, as reputations can bestow certain benefits and
disadvantages upon an organization, for which the organi-
zation should spend or receive points.

Step Three: Organizational Aspects

Using creation points, choose your organization's
advantages and disadvantages. Certain organizations train
members, or have vast libraries of knowledge. Others have
organized, beneficent leadership or an extremely loyal
membership. These advantages are covered below. Disad-
vantages are listed, as well, making your organization more
colorful and giving you additional points to spend on
advantages. Recall that the total number of points gained
from disadvantages should not be worth more than half of
the total spent on advantages. It is extremely important that
these rules be treated as a set of guidelines, and not a
shopping list. Always buy things as according to what is
likely, not simply because "we can get the points for it, and
it'd be really useful."
ilities

Some groups only accept those with certain traits,
skills, or lore. Others will train or tutor all members in a
certain area. These requirements may result in an organi-
zation whose membership is comparably more powerful, as
players can expect all members to have a certain ability.
Some members could conceivably exceed the require-
ments, at the Storyteller's discretion. With formal training
or instruction, the players will receive certain Abilities for
free, without having to seek out mentors or purchase
equipment. The Storyteller, as always, must keep an eye on
game balance.

° Talents

Some organizations only accept candidates who have
certain inborn traits or talents. If your organization has
such requirements, choose one from the list below.

Talent (+2/level): Every level of ordinary talent re-
quired by the organization costs 2 points. For example, ifall
members of an organization must be convincing actors to


get in (Expression 3), the cost for that talent requirement
would be 6 points. If members had to be good actors
(Expression 2) and good teachers (Instruction 2), the total
Talent cost for the organization would be (4 + 4 =) 8.

Supernatural Power (+7/level): This advantage cov-
ers minor supernatural powers such as cauls, inborn psychic
abilities, and so forth. Storytellers should note that most
ghosthunters only rarely have minor powers, while major
supernatural powers are out of the question. This advan-
tage should cost 7 points per power level required. Remember
that this value reflects the minimum requirements of the
organization. For example, if everyone in the organization
had to have at least one dot in telekinesis, the cost would
be 7 points. Iffive dots in telekinesis were required, it would
cost 35 points (quite out of the range of most starting player
characters).

For less quantifiable powers such as those granted by
Benandanti's cauls, Storytellers should estimate based on
the power that the ability gives the group. Cauls, for
instance, make it possible for players to enter the Under-
world — but not without learning the Ritual Ekstasis. At
the same time, the caul is an Achilles' Heel: if it's ever
destroyed while the owner is in the Underworld, the owner
is stuck there forever. The Storyteller should weigh the
advantages and disadvantages of a power, and come up
with a cost that she thinks fairly represents the advantage
to the players. Suggested cost for cauls: 10 points.

® Skills

Organizations sometimes also require certain skills of
members before they are allowed to join, or they train them
in these skills. Either way, this requirement must be pur-
chased using creation points.

Skill (+2/level): Every skill level required of an
organization's membership costs two points. For instance,
ifall members must know how to use firearms (Firearms 1),
the cost is 2 points. If all members must be master electri-
cians (Repair 5), the cost is 10 points.

Formal Training (+3/level): The organization ac-
cepts promising members on the contingency that they are
to be formally trained in a required skill. The organization
trains initiates in this skill for free. This is particularly
useful when characters need instruction in unusual skills in
which the organization specializes (note, however, that the
skill does not have to be unusual). For every skill level that
instruction will achieve, the cost is 3 points.

* Knowledges

Some organizations may require its members to have
certain knowledges, including Hunter Knowledges (see
Book I). Like "Skills" above, these organizations may also
teach their members this knowledge for free or make it
available to those who wantit. Players should note that the
quality of Hunter Knowledge instruction is by no means
guaranteed — teachers are often misinformed in such
mystical matters. However, their teaching may contain a


SA

seed of truth that proves valuable to the organization's
members and thus worth the cost of this advantage.

Knowledge (+2/level): The organization accepts only
those who already have a broad base of knowledge in a
certain category. Each level of knowledge required costs
two points. A bunch of ghosthunting hackers might require
new members to be able to design their own software
(Computer 3) to be allowed into the "club," a requirement
that would cost 6 points.

Hunter Knowledges (+3/level): The organization
accepts only those who already have some understanding
of the Underworld in the form of Hunter Knowledges. Each
level of Hunter Knowledge costs three points. The Boston
Chapter of the Arcanum, for instance, might require po-
tential members to have a knowledge level of at least
Denizens 1, for a cost of 3 points. If they also required
History 2, the total cost would be 9 points.

Formal Instruction (+3, +4/level): Sometimes an
organization will require formal instruction in an area of
knowledge if it is a prerequisite for membership. The
organization offers this instruction for free, and the train-
ing may be in either ordinary Knowledges or Hunter
Knowledges (although different costs apply to each). The
cost structure is as follows: for every Knowledge level that
instruction achieves, the cost is 3 points; for every Hunter
Knowledge level, the cost is 4 points. Thus, ifthe Arcanum
instructed promising new members in both Investigation
(one dot = three points) and Denizens (one dot = four
points), the total cost would be 7 points.

Politics

* Internal Politics

Wherever two or more people convene, differences of
opinion may arise. Because of this, organizations are well
known for the difficulties that internal politicking causes.
Listed below are some advantages and disadvantages that
describe the internal politics of organizations. These are,
like most advantages and disadvantages, optional.

Scheming (-10): The organization's members are
always plotting behind each other's backs. They may have
personal rivalries, secret hatreds, questions of honor or
private agendas. It's hard to trust anyone, and the organi-
zation suffers for it.

Strict Hierarchy (-10): The organization has a strict
internal structure, making it difficult to advance in posi-
tion. Everything follows strict procedure, and the masses of
"ted tape" often limit or slow the organization's actions.

Conflicting Loyalties (-5): Many members have strong
loyalties to a group (or groups) outside the organization,
and often find their responsibilities in conflict.

Disorganized (-5): The members are very disorga-
nized, and have trouble coming to any sort of agreement or
unified plan. Leaders of projects or divisions seldom know


what other leaders are doing, and it would be difficult to
gather all the divisions for a concerted effort on anything.

Sects (-5): There is at least one faction that does not
agree with the rest of the organization, and its activities
sometimes embarrass or endanger the organization itself.

Highly Organized (+5): Members are so organized
that they can act as one in any situation. Meetings are
regular. This does not mean that all members are totally
loyal or that there are no internal rivalries or similar
problems — simply that such conflicts are put aside when
the need arises.

Harmonious (+10): Members share a deep respect
and fondness for each other and for the organization as a
whole.

© Leadership

This category measures the general hierarchy of the
ghosthunting organization and how it affects the
organization's workings. Bonuses are cumulative (if the
organization is so fortunate...).

Malign Leadership (-15): The leadership is actively
evil and may not be averse to using torture or murder as a
means or an end.

Foolish Leadership (-5): The organization's leader-
ship is unskilled, inept, or just plain stupid.

Dictatorial Leadership (-5): Members follow orders
or else!

Wise Leadership (+5): The organization's leader is
the best around. Through her leadership, the organization
has achieved many successes. She needn't be nice, how-
ever...

Benevolent Leadership (+10): The leaders are just
and kind, going out of their way for members and the local
community.

¢ Loyalty

This category measures the general loyalty of the
organization's membership. This advantage or disadvan-
tage (depending upon what you take) is particularly relevant
to secret organizations, although public groups can take
them with some attention to plausibility. Remember that,
even in agenerally loyal group, there may be exceptions...

Spies (-10): There are traitors among you, leaking
information to enemies of the organization.

Disloyal (-5): Members are forced to join and perform
their tasks out of fear, or they have some other cause for
disloyalty. They are ripe for becoming spies for the
organization's enemies.

Indifferent (0): Members are generally loyal, but
would not go out on a limb.

Loyal (+5): Members are notably loyal to the organi-
zation and can be counted on in tough situations.

Committed (+10): Members perform their duties
with great zest, efficiency, and zeal. They enjoy their work,

i / eae
Le ws ons
i o—~ i

AYES IFA SASH

and there is always good cheer to be found. The organiza-
tion is an attractive place for characters.

Fanatical (+15): Members willingly give their lives
for the organization's ideals. This fanaticism reflects on
their willingness to help each other to achieve the
organization's ideals, as well; in a life or death situation,
other members may sacrifice their lives for the characters.

© Reputation

Some organizations open to scrutiny under the public
eye establish reputations over time. These reputations may
be advantageous to membership, or may act against them
in some way. Use the point costs below as guidelines in
determining the worth of your organization's reputation.

Advantageous Rep (+3): The organization is known
to do good or to be of some benefit to society. Its members
may be heralded in newspapers, or the mayor of atown may
bestow some privilege upon the organization. Note, how-
ever, that ghosthunting organizations' reputations are not
usually advantageous. Storytellers should feel free to adjust
point costs according to the advantage that reputation
gives the organization in question.

Detrimental Rep (-3): The organization is known as
bizarre, a little frightening, or actively harmful to society.
Police will give its members no quarter, and the general
populace will treat members as nutcases. This is acommon
disadvantage for many ghosthunting organizations that do
not hide their activities.

* Social Structure

When creating an organization, also think about its
social structure. Ask yourself what characterizes the
membership's social status. Think about the effect that
combining social classes might have on it and the way its
members might communicate, teach, work together, and
blow off steam. How is any conflict handled? How does this
relate to the ranking system that you chose for the organi-
zation in Step Two?

Intraorganizational relationships based on social struc-
ture partially determine how helpful or problematic the
organization is when characters need something. If, for
instance, the organization's membership is very competi-
it may be difficult for beginning characters to coax
new equipment or knowledge from long-standing mem-
bers; if the organization is more of a sorority or a fraternity,
a communal spirit may exist between members. Once you
have determined the organization's social structure, choose
from the list of social advantages or disadvantages listed
below, or devise another at the Storyteller's discretion.

Competitive (-2): Characters have a difficult time
getting information, equipment, etc. out of more powerful
members, who usually don't want to be upstaged by their
youthful counterparts. Attempts to persuade members of
competitive organizations to grant favors are met with
increased difficulty (+1). Mentors with connections may

Cunpren Five: Creatine Oneanizarions 87
x Rs _
panes ade, "
~ pth. rie} - Fact :
NAAT NR


SY
RAS

PLONE

be useful in alleviating these problems, but competitive-
ness is still an organizational disadvantage.

Accepting (0): An ordinary organization having no
outstanding social flaws and no social advantages. Mem-
bers are considered pretty much equal, although they don't
necessarily go out of their way to help other members.

Helpful (+2): Members of these organizations are
generally more altruistic than most. Powerful members
may help characters find the equipment they need, or
intervene on behalf of the characters in sticky legal situa-
tions. Members view each other as equals, work well in
teams, and lend a great deal of support — usually psycho-
logical, but sometimes financial. Attempts (from other
members) to garner favors from members of these organi-
zations are met with decreased difficulty (-1). Mentors are
usually able to increase this benefit, but Storytellers are
advised to keep this advantage in line with its point cost.

Resources

¢ Financial Resources

An organization may have some funds to its name,
equivalent to the Resources Background (Chapter Three).
The cost is two creation points per effective level of
Resources. Note that this advantage does not grant each
member Resources; it simply represents the funds the
organization proper may possess, which probably require
some bureaucratic work to access.

Laboratories

This category delineates the space available for occult
experimentation. Labs are especially important for knowl-
edge-seeking groups, although any organization may have
them.

None (0): The organization has no labs. Creating
equipment that perceives or manipulates the Restless is
impossible.

Inadequate (+2): The organization has very limited
occult laboratory facilities. The equipment is substandard,
and is likely to produce successes only after years of experi-
mentation — once a century.

Adequate (+5): The organization has good laboratory
facilities with adequate machinery, nothing spectacular.
Occult scientists are likely to make breakthroughs only
once in twenty or thirty years.

Superior (+10): The organization has superior lab
facilities and great equipment, giving members an edge in
their experimentation. Occult scientists are likely to make
a breakthrough once every decade.

State-of-the-Art (+15): The organization has the
best facilities and equipment available. With some work,
its scientists can make breakthroughs once every few years.

© Occult Library

It is difficult for mortals to come by occult libraries.
Acquisition of books about the Underworld without a lot
of misinformation is almost a unique experience. Most

occult libraries contain 85% lies and 15% truth... if that.
Nevertheless, mortals should feel grateful for even the little
they are able to acquire, for such knowledge is extremely
rare. While individuals may own personal occult libraries,
it is far more common for organizations to have access to
the important books ona topic, as organizations — and not
individuals — have the resources with which to find (or
finance the writing of) these books.

Abysmal (-5): The percentage of misinformation
contained in the library's books is so high as to represent a
disadvantage. Members reading these books and believing
them are likely to get themselves into some dangerous
situations.

Poor (0): The size of the library is so small that
members must go elsewhere to conduct occult research.

Modest (+5): The organization's library is small and it
has an equally small percentage of correct information.
The point is, however, that it has correct information.
Research rolls are difficulty 9, or 7 ina specific area of study
(Storytellers should use some discretion here).

Good (+10): The organization's library is of medium
size, and approximately 20% of the information in it is
accurate. Research rolls are difficulty 8, or 6 in specific
fields of inquiry.

Exceptional (+15): The organization's occult library
is large and contains information which is approximately
40% accurate. Research rolls are difficulty 7, or 5 in specific
areas of study.

Overwhelming (+20): The organization has a huge
occult library, and the quality of the information is unlikely
to be found anywhere else in the world (at least by
ghosthunters). Information is about 60% accurate, and
research rolls are difficulty 6, or 3 in particular areas of
study.

¢ Talismans

Organizations sometimes possess talismans discov-
ered, appropriated, or created by one or more of its members.
This advantage allows appropriate organizations to pur-
chase different levels of talismans. Players should detail the
charter rules concerning members' use of organization-
owned talismans — even incredibly powerful organizations
do not distribute talismans to every member! Also remem-
ber that an organization's Social Structure and Internal
Politics may influence the availability of this item. Talis-
mans cost 5 points per level. For more information on
talisman levels, see "Enchantment" in Chapter Three.

© Organization Contacts

Certain organizations may have contacts as a whole,
rather than or in addition to the contacts that individual
members maintain. Spies, for instance, may report to any
member of the organization if it is small, or channelers may
work with organization members to whom they are
signed. Organization Contacts cost 2 points per Major
Contact. The Contacts rules in Wraith apply.

Step Four: Headquarters

Using "construction points," you can create your Own
ghosthunting headquarters. In order to doso, playersshould
purchase the Home Base Background for their characters,
then use the points to buy some of the advantages described
below. Players may combine construction points in order to
As aforementioned, the

build a communal headquarters.
total disadvantages taken from the list below should not be
worth more than half of the total spent on advantag
Players may spend construction points to purchase the
advantages that follow, and earn construction points by
taking some of the following disadvantages, up to half the
total of the points spent on headquarters advantages. Note
that "construction points" differ from "creation points," as
they cannot be spent on anything other than advantages
foran organization's headquarters. Likewise, creation points
nnot be used to purchase headquarters advantages.

Home E ew Background

Most organizations require a regular meeting
place ora base of operations in which to carry out
the duties and goals of the organization, Many
such locales have blessings of wards placed upon
them, in addition to modern security measures, to
protect them from hostile or mischievous super-
natural entities.
3ase Back

srounds to create an organization headquarters:

Players may combine their Home

This Background reflects the funding, human
resources and other reserves that the characters
are able to contribute (influence in the real estate
industry, and so on). Should the player characters
leave the organization to which they donated
their construction points, they may not take the
points with them, However, upon leaving an
organization, any unspent experienc® may
used to purchase more. points in Home Base,
which may be applied to the creation of a new
organization (or donated to an existing one)
5 1 construction point
ee 2 construction points
ooo 3 construction points

4 construction points

5

construction points

Grounds

¢ Land Status

Reflects the status of the property on which the head-
quarters is located. Does the building belong to the
organization? Does the organization lease its building? This
could lead to no end of complications.

Large Private Holding (+5): The headquarters rests
in the center of a very large tract of land. The actual size is
determined by the surroundings; i.e., 10 square miles of rain
forest, 500 acres in a rural area, or one city block.

Privately Owned (+0): The headquarters belongs to
one ghosthunter in the organization (not necessarily a
player character). Ifthe hunter leaves the organization, she
can kick the organization out. She could also will it to an
individual who might not be as generous...

Leased (variable): The hunters do not actually own
the area in which the headquarters is located. It is leased to
them for 10 years (-2), 5 years (-5), or 1 year (-7).

Well-Documented (-1): The place is documented in
a number of reputable occult sources and may be pestered
by the curious.

© Secret Location

Secret Location functions as an insurance policy for
secret organizations. The greater the secrecy that surrounds
the location of the headquarters, the smaller the chances

that outsiders (both living and dead) will discover it. Of
course, there is no magic involved; if someone does dis-
cover it, he can tell others where it lies. A secret location
simply determines how well-hidden the headquarters is.

Hidden (+2): The average person couldn't find it. (+1
difficulty)

Obscure (+3): A private detective would have diffi-
culty finding it. (+2 difficulty)

Confidential (+4): Sherlock Holmes might have some
difficulty. (+3 difficulty)

Top secret (+5): James Bond would have some trouble;
not only is the headquarters impossible to reach for most
people, it is also camouflaged as something completely
different from what it is. (+4 difficulty)

© Size

The size of a headquarters has some bearing on the
activities that may be conducted within. For instance, it
would be difficult to hold an Orphic Great Festival in a
shack or to conduct classes of more than ten people in a
small office. This advantage allows you to buy (or get
refunded for) just the right size building for your
organization's needs.

Small (-2): An outhouse, a small rented office, a large
closet, a van, etc.

Average (0): A medium office, a cramped house or
shack, etc.

Large (+2): A house, small building, two floors of
small offices, etc.

Impressive (+5): A mansion, a full office building
(multiple floors; ordinary offices), small monastery, etc.

Huge (+10): A military base, a large monastery, a
campus, etc.

Defenses

¢ Fortification

This characteristic details the headquarters' general
resistance to physical attack. While not a major concern
for most organizations, fortification is necessary for those
who have made a lot of enemies and need to find a good
place to dig in. Fortification might derive from a secure
location atop a hill, thick walls, natural obstacles, or some
sort of paranormal defenses directed against physical, not
ghostly, intruders. The exact game effects depend upon the
nature of the fortification, but Storytellers should take the
level of defense into account by levying penalties against
attacking forces or by assigning high difficulties to destruc-
tive actions.

Poorly Fortified (-5): The headquarters has no natu-
ral or artificial defenses. It is a sitting duck.

Average Fortification (0): The headquarters has a
few advantages to its position, allowing it to be defended
with some work.

Well-Fortified (+5): A pretty tough place.

Mighty (+10): Strong defenses.

Impregnable (+15): Damn near impossible to breach.

¢ Guards

Very few ghosthunting organizations are affluent
enough to hire professional guards to watch their head-
quarters, or bodyguards to protect their leaders. Still, if your
organization is one of those that can, you may choose from
among the advantages below (they are cumulative). Note
that this advantage includes situations in which members
(but not necessarily characters) serve as guards.

Number of Guards (+2): Ordinary mortal guards
with one special level 3 skill or piece of equipment (such as
Brawl 3, ora gun) and normal mortal stats. Cost is 2 points
per guard. You may also want to detail who these guards are
and what they know, as this may play a role in certain
adventures.

Enhancements (variable): The following represent
enhancements you can give to your organization's guards.

 Numina (+7 perlevel): Forexample, a mortal guard
with Telekinesis 2 would cost a total of 16 points.

Guapren Five: Creatine Oneanizarions 91

© Loyalty (variable): Costs as per "Loyalty" above.
This merit or flaw applies only to guards who are not
members of the organization.

© Security System

Headquarters may have traps or detection devices that
are designed to protect them from invasion. While traps
prevent physical intruders from proceeding, security sys-
temsdonotprevententry; they simply alert the headquarters
to intrusion. Security systems are further detailed in the
Appendix. (Note that security systems do not generally
detect ghosts.) Obviously, a group can take a trap system as
well as a security system; the two are not exclusive.

Simple Trap System (+5): The headquarters has a
system of mechanical traps. These catch any intruder who
fails a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 7). The
intruder is detained until freed or until she breaks loose
through brute strength (Strength Feat of 8).

Complex Trap System (+10): Treat as above, except
the difficulty is raised to 8 and the roll must be made every
turn or so. Breaking free is a Strength Feat of 11.

Low-Grade Security System (+2): The headquarters
has some sort of warning system against intruders. Intruders
must make one Perception + Stealth roll (difficulty 7) to
avoid alerting guards (or members).

Average Security System (+5): As above, but the roll
must be made once per turn whenever the intrudermovesabout.

State-of-the-Art Security System (+10): Same as
Averagé Security System, but the difficulty is 8, and all the
occupants of the headquarters are alerted.

© Wardings

The headquarters is protected by a warding, preventing
ghosts from entering (for more details, see Wraith, pages 234-
235). The organization is presumed to have someone capable
of erecting and maintaining these wards (requiring at least
Occult 3). The cost is 10 or 15 points, depending on the
Willpower of the person (or people) in charge of maintaining
the warding, and how easily the warding can be disrupted.

Unusual

© Atmosphere

The location of the headquarters has a certain ambiance
about it that either comforts ordisconcerts anyone whospends
time there. Depending upon the number of points spent, the
atmosphere may increase clientele over time or convince
meddling youths to stay away from the secret base.

3 points: The atmosphere is either calming or disturbing
(-1 to difficulty of convincing others to stay or go —not both)

4 points: Peaceful/Spooky (-2 difficulty)

5 points: Pacific/Agitating (-3 difficulty)

6 points: Tranquilizing/Alarming (-4 difficulty)

7 points: Heavenly/Hellish (-5 difficulty)

Note that these difficulties are always used against a
target's Willpower.


* Psychic/Magical Interference

Some locations mystically lend themselves to psychic
or magical interference, increasing the difficulty of Numina
rolls (for Occult Magic and Psychic Phenomena) made in
these areas. You may buy this disadvantage twice: once for
psychic interference and once for magical interference, if
you wish. This is only a disadvantage if the organization
purchasing headquarters in this locale has a predominantly
psychic membership and/or its members habitually use
magic. If your organization does not meet these qualifica-
tions, then this interference does not represent a
disadvantage and you cannot get points for such a location.

Weak Interference (-2): Interference increases the
difficulty of all Psychic Phenomena or Occult Magic rolls
by 1.

Strong Interference (-4): Difficulty of these rolls
increases by 2.

Powerful Interference (-6): Numina are impossible
to perform at these locations.

© Phenomena

These characteristics reflect paranormal phenomena
in or around the headquarters. These phenomena may
have many causes, including the possibility that the head-
quarters has been built near or upon a Haunt (a fact the
organization is unlikely to understand).

Curse (Mild or Severe): The area is cursed for some
reason, and has some terrible effect on those who visit.
Severely cursed areas may even punish those members of
the organization who work at the headquarters. The Story-
teller should decide the severity and effect of the curse,
taking into account the disadvantage's bonus. Mild curses
are -5 points; Severe curses are -10.

Dark Secret (-2): The curse may be lifted if someone
discovers the mysterious cause of the curse. Treat as a mild
curse until then.

Haunted (-5): The headquarters is plagued with the
Restless. They may disrupt the organization's daily busi-
ness, steal items, interrupt classes or experiments, or
vandalize property. If they seek to maim or kill anyone in
the headquarters, this disadvantage is worth -10 points.

Nihil (-10): The headquarters is located in the same
place where a substantial Nihil exists in the Shadowlands.
The headquarters is plagued by Spectres, and possessions
are not quite common, but frequent. Other creatures of the
Void may appear from time to time as well, and they do not
always leave the membership behind....

* Miscellaneous

Storytellers should allow the following miscellaneous
advantages only under advisement, as they involve magic
more advanced than that possessed by the vast majority of
ghosthunting organizations.

Ritual Access (+15): Some Ritual is necessary to use
or enter the headquarters; the ignorant are kept out by
something much like a warding.

Special Portal (variable): The headquarters has some
special mystical gateway linking it to the Underworld. This
gateway requires a special Ritual or keyword to open. it.
Cost is ten to fifteen points depending on the importance
of the portal and where it leads.

Sed LN labial Cost

et's say your Storyteller gave you 15
creation points to create a new organi-
zation. You and two other players also
bought a total of 5 construction points
in the Home Base Background, so that
you could have a headquarters (you
bought Home Base 2, and the two other
players bought Home Base 1 and 2 fora total of 5 points).

After answering the questions in Step Two, you would
skim through the ideas in Steps Three and Four to find
those advantages and disadvantages that mesh with your
organization's concept. Next, you would allocate your
creation points, then your construction points. The follow-
ing is an example of how you could allocate those points:

ORGANIZATION ASPECTS: 15 points
Points Advantages/Disadvantages
6 Formal Training: Blacksmithing (level 2)
Knowledge Req.: Computer (level 1)
Cauls required
Wise leadership
Inadequate labs
Sects
Disorganized
15 creation points (25 ads / 10 disads)
HEADQUARTERS: 5 Points
Points

Advantages/Disadvantages
One guard with gun

Hidden base

3) Average security system

4 Magical interference (diff. +

5 construction points (9 ads / 4 disads)


Ghosthunting Equipment

unting the Restless is by far one of the
hardest hunting tasks for mortals to
undertake. Vampires, werewolves, and
even mages are more easily engaged
because they have a physical existence.
Ghosts exist somewhere else entirely
and, because of this, ghosthunters of-
ten find themselves relying heavily upon gear that allows
them to perceive and touch an Underworld that is denied
to their physical senses. Listed below are items treasured by
ghosthunters, some of which themselves could become the
bases for ghosthunting chronicles.

HighTech Gear

Ectoplasmic Converter Engine

ECEs have just been invented by the scientists of the
Alternate Energy Group and, while not yet perfected, the
one that has been tested has worked reliably thus far. Using
the principles of high-energy conversion, the ECE collides
atomic particles in certain ratios to produce and trap
energy. By doing so, an ECE senses and converts ghosts
within ten feet of it to a detectable and heretofore un-

known form of energy that the AEG has not yet been able
to use. It is unknown if the ghosts so converted retain their
self-awareness or are psychically dismembered by the pro-
cess,

Using an ECE is not an easy task. The machine itself
is bulky (about 7 feet long and 3 feet high), heavy (300
pounds), and must be rolled about on casters. It is highly
sensitive to moisture and needs on-site calibration every
time itis transported. Worse yet, much of the finer calibra-
tion work can only be done at the lab. The battery pack that
allows it to operate outside the lab is almost as heavy as the
machine itself. (Under no circumstances could scientists
transporting an ECE attempt a Stealth roll!) Furthermore,
operating the ECE requires an in-depth knowledge of
physics and a lot of patience for calibration work.

To sense ghosts within ten feet of an ECE, players first
must calibrate the machine (Dexterity + Physics, difficulty
7). Next, they roll the ECE's Perception rating (the current
model only has a Perception of 1) plus any successes in their
calibration roll vs. the Shroud rating where the ECE is
located. For every success, the ECE perceives one of the
ghosts present, if any (also remember that they have to be
within 10 feet of the machine in order to be detected).
Failure means no ghosts were detected, even if some were

Appenoix


- ~~
around, while a botch means the machine is broken and has
to be taken back to the lab to be repaired.

In order to convert ghosts to energy, the ECE must get
a lock-on, which means it must first perceive a ghost (as
above) and then target it (Dexterity + Firearms, difficulty
7). Next, the ECE rolls its Strength (current models have
a rating of 2) plus the number of targeting successes versus
the difficulty of the ghost's Stamina + 3. With one success,
the ghost's energy is converted and trapped in the ECE,
dissipating at a rate of 20% per hour. Every success there-
after stalls the dissipation process by an hour. Failure means
that the ECE either converted the ghost but failed to trap
its energy or did not get the ghost at all. A botch means the
conversion process flooded the trapping tank, the machine
catches fire, and all energy contained in the tank escapes in
a great explosion.

Kirlian Camera

Kirlian photography induces the production ofauralike
corona patterns through use of a high-frequency electronic
discharge. The technique was originally developed in the
1800s, but Soviet electrician Semyon Kirlian perfected it
in the 1940s. The method is not fully accepted by academic
parapsychologists, but ghosthunters with the appropriate
resources have made use of the cameras. Kirlian photogra-
phy has not advanced much since the '40s, but the
organizations that use it find that it is fairly successful.

This "spirit photography" focuses on the target wraith's
Corpusand Pathos, and is also affected by the Shroud. If the
wraith has high ratings in both Traits, and the Shroud is
very thin (say, in a Haunt on Halloween), the image may
be fairly distinct (facial features dimly discernible, etc.). If
any factor is less than ideal, the image may be blurry, or not
visible at all. Bear in mind that you usually must be able to
see a ghost before you can photograph it.

Kirlian photography can also be used to read the auras
of more corporeal beings. This may serve to expose a
person's emotional state, but will not reveal whether or not
she is supernatural. (An Intelligence + Occult roll is
ry to interpret the picture properly.)

necess

A Kirlian camera is a large view camera, and must be
steadied with a tripod for the longer-than-usual exposure
times required. Any shaking of the camera might blur the
picture, and thus destroy its value as proof. Each (very
expensive) roll of film will take about 10 shots. An experi-
mental Kirlian video camera is also in use, although very
rare. It weighs about 25 Ibs., is somewhat bulky, and also
requires a tripod. One tape holds about half an hour of
recording time.

Obviously, wraiths cannot be captured on normal film
unless Embodied, and even then the camera must be very
good (expensive) and very fast (more expensive).

Remote Database Terminal

This is a laptop-sized portable computer with a back-
pack-style satellite link-up antenna. It is capable of tapping
into communication satellites and, through them, access-
ing many of the United States' top information mainframes,
including the computers owned and maintained by such
organizations as the NSA and the FBI. Mere possession of
the remote terminal will not grant access to these store-
houses of information; one must also have knowledge of
the proper passwords and access codes.

Religious Gear

In order for ghosthunters to use the religious gear that
follows, they must have a Faith rating equal to the item's
within the same faith. Without these prerequisites, the item
will fail to work, work at less than maximum efficiency, or
actively do them harm.

Holy Symbol (Faith 1)

Tertullians and members of other faiths use holy
symbols to channel the energies of their faith. In the
Shadowlands, these symbols all appear differently (those of
Tertullians appear encrusted with a writhing, green, algae-
like substance). The truly faithful can use holy symbols as
weapons, doing Strength -1 damage (difficulty 7).

Tertullian Holy Water (Faith 1)

When dabbed on the eyes and brow, the Tertullians'
holy water allows them to see creatures from the
Shadowlands (including wraiths) for one scene on a suc-
cessful Faith roll (difficulty 6). The water feels icy cold to
anyone without Faith.

Sword of St. James (Faith 3)

A Sword of St. James is a sword carefully crafted by a
member of the Sect of St. James. Each sword is unique, but
when wielded by its creator, the weapon can do severe
harm to all "unholy" creatures.

The sword does Strength + 3 damage (difficulty 6) and
can only be properly wielded by its creator. Others of
sufficient Faith may use the item, but it is clumsy and
awkward in their hands (difficulty 9). Anyone with less
than three dots in Faith who attempts to use such a weapon.
immediately becomes violently nauseous, suffers an epilep-
tic seizure, or otherwise finds herself incapacitated for a
turn. Even if using Puppetry, wraiths attempting to use such
aweapon must fail an Angst check or experience Catharsis.

Liknon (Faith2)

The liknon is an oblong basket of wickerwork filled
with fruit or corn and chaff and covered with a cloth from
which protrudes what looks like a phallus; it is an ancient
symbol of fertility mythically invested with the power of
Dionysus. To the Orphic Circle, however, the liknon is of
more than just historical interest; it is a holy symbol.


Wy , i

Q SLM

rise

Unlike the holy symbols mentioned above, howeyer, it
cannot be used to harm wraiths. Rather, it is used to
reinvest them with a sense of the vitality they had in life.
Performing the liknon Ritual (usually involving orgiastic
behavior, dancing, and feasting), Orphics roll their Faith
rating (difficulty 2) to cause all ghosts within ten feet of
them to feel reinvigorated. For the rest of the scene,
affected wraiths have an extra Pathos to spend (which they
usually indulge in Puppetry). For every Faith point above
two, the area of effect increases by ten feet. The liknon may
also be used to cause sexual passions to arise in mortals
(Faith rating vs. subject's Willpower, although Orphics
rarely practice this on non-Orphics outside of the liknon
Ritual).

Cosmogonic Egg (Faith 1+)

The cosmogonic egg is another historical symbol of
life, the universe, and everything. Orphics see it as the
highest holy symbol of their religion and believe that the
great Orphic Oracles of legend used it to resurrect the dead
(this ability, if it ever existed, is now long lost). Nowadays,
the egg is used to channel the sicknesses of the living into
the Underworld, thereby healing them. What most Orphics
do not know is that the process adheres to a sort of law of
conservation of mass — the sickness is thrust out of the
living body, gets translated into its spiritual equivalent, and
afflicts an innocent wraith in the process (if a wraith is not
nearby, the healing attempt fails). Generally, the higher
the faith, the more serious the sickness that may be healed.
Orphics use the stone egg by holding it against the part of
the body needing healing while uttering a healing chant
(roll Faith vs. the difficulty of the sickness to be healed and
expend one Willpower point per level of difficulty starting
at five). For instance, to cure diabetes, the Orphic healer
would have to spend four Willpower.

Sickness Chart
Illness
Difficulty
Headaches, backaches, minor
pains
Migraine,

infections

sprain, flu, minor

Common cold, broken bones,
deep wounds
Chronic diseases (diabetes,

asthma, arthritis)

AIDS, cancer, meningitis


PS \Nef

Ordinary Gear
Sound-Activated Tape Recorder

Taping sounds emitted by ghosts haunting a locale is
another means commonly employed by ghosthunters to
obtain solid evidence of hauntings. Although easily faked,
the eeriness (especially when wraiths are Keening) of the
recorded sounds nevertheless wins over believers and helps
ghosthunters who cannot keep a location under 24 hour
surveillance determine which spots are most likely to be
haunted.

Motion Detectors

Some detectors are capable of picking up evidence of
the presence of ghosts when mortals are notaround to scout
for them, but only if that evidence involves physical
characteristics manifested by the ghost. Motion detectors
may sense objects being moved about using Outrage or
Inhabit, for instance, but they cannot sense the wraiths
doing the moving.

Amphed Patch

This patch of amphetamines ensures that the hunter
can stay awake for approximately 24 straight hours without
any difficulty. It is applied directly to the skin and is used
when the hunter simply must remain awake for whatever
reason (if, for example, she has a Sandman after her).

ST IaQay¥vy
SS
Sy

>

TarotGards, | Ching, Crystal Balls, Tea Leaves, etc.

There is some debate as to whether these items truly
constitute occult gear. Most ghosthunters agree that an
item is not considered occult (i-e., magical) gear unless it is
magical in and of itself, and most of these objects are not.
Nonetheless, they prove to be effective foci for Numina.

OccultGear
Telescope of Charibdes

This telescope of mysterious and unknown make is
said to have been found washed ashore after a sixteenth-
century Greek sailor sighted a ghostly foreign vessel sailing
nearby. When he looked through it, he did not see the
beautiful Greek isles he was expecting, but rather the
overcast Shadowland Greece teeming with silent ghosts.

Anyonewho looks through the Telescope of Charibdes
can automatically see into the Shadowlands, which is why
itis such a prized treasure. However, for every minute spent
looking through it, the telescope ages the viewer by a year
(portions thereof are prorated). Currently, a member of the
Arcanum's Boston Chapter House owns the telescope.

Orpheus' lyre
Legends speak of the beauty and power of this lyre's
music, which caused the ancient gods to weep and the dead
torise. When the wind touches its strings, it plays a melody


> ee ee
sweeter than mortal imagining. Anyone finding this lyre
(currently believed to have been swept into Arcadia) and
wishing to play it must first expend two Willpower points
to prevent themselves from being transfixed by its beauty.
Drawing one's fingers across its strings produces a haunting
melody that attracts and transfixes ghosts (they may at-
tempt to resist by making a Willpower roll, difficulty 8). At
the same time, wraiths lucky enough to become transfixed
gain a Fetter (the lyre) for an amount of time in years equal
to their successes on a Passion roll (difficulty 7). Because
the Lyre evokes Passions that resonate with a person's inner
being, wraiths usually roll against their strongest Passions
— thus, a transfixed wraith with a Faith Passion of 4 who
obtained one success on her Passion roll could have the
Lyre as a Fetter for one year.

Obviously, Orpheus' Lyre is a powerful piece of
ghosthunting gear, something that could form the basis for
an entire chronicle. In fact, it is an Artifact of legend even
among Stygian wraiths, many of whom would like to get
their hands on it so that they could return to the
Shadowlands.

BenandantiFennel Sword

Like Swords of St. James, these beautiful hand-crafted
swords are unique expressions of the Benandanti's indi-
vidual relationship with the Underworld. Level 5 or higher
talismans, they cause aggravated damage to Spectres and
other spirits of the Void. The mere touch of this sword in
the Skinlands can exorcise the spirits of the dead. Unlike
ordinary talismans, which "burn out" after several uses,
Benandanti swords are powered for a year from the date of
the Forging. Thereafter, Benandanti must dip their fennel
swords in a Nihil every new moon to repower them, or go
to the inconvenience of reforging the sword altogether.

While a Benandante's sword is extremely powerful, it
also has its drawbacks: because the sword causes damage to
Spectres and other malevolent Underworld spirits, dipping
itinto Nihils may endanger the Benandante. Additionally,
these swords are Named and bound to the existence of the
Benandante owner; if Spectres (or any other creature) ever
discover that Name, great harm can be done to the creator
of the sword. Some shades have Rituals that make use of the
Name to possess the Benandante or even pull him unwill-
ingly into the Tempest.

A fennel sword (talisman level 5) does Strength + 3
points of aggravated damage (difficulty 6) to Spectres and
other creatures of Oblivion. To wraiths with five to nine
points of temporary or permanent Angst, a fennel sword
causes Strength + 1 points of aggravated damage (difficulty
6). Wraiths with ten points of Angst are treated as Spec-
tres.

Used in the Skinlands, fennel swords have a 90 per-
cent chance of breaking because of necessary physical flaws
in their construct. However, they are useful against the
spirits of the dead (particularly Spectres) Skinriding the

Quick. A touch of the sword against a host, and the ghost
is usually exorcised from him. The Benandante rolls Will-
power + sword's talisman level — 4 (with a maximum total
of 10) vs. the ghost's Willpower. The ghost is expelled from
its host's body (which is considered mystically purified) for
an hour per success. If the ghost wins, it still must expend
a Willpower point to stay in the host's body.

For instance, the Benandante Peredur rolls his Will-
power 7 + 1 = 8 vs. a Skinriding Spectre's Willpower of 8.
With two successes, the Spectre cannot return to that body
for another two hours. A botch means that the host has
taken two points of damage.

On the down side, if the sword is ever broken, the
Benandante automatically loses three points of Willpower
(yet another reason not to risk using it in the Skinlands)
because of his mystical connection to it. Furthermore,
ghosts (and other creatures, including humans) may use
the Name of the sword to summon, possess, trap, or other-
wise incapacitate a Benandante by rolling their Wits +
Ritual vs. the Benandante's Willpower. All such Rituals
involve repetition of the sword's Name.

Security Systems

layers or Storytellers wishing to create
a headquarters with security systems
may use the information that follows as
a reference point.

HighTech Systems

Most advanced security systems
are audiovisual, comprised of cameras, closed-circuit tele-
visions, and microphones. Mikes are often tuned to pick up
certain sounds (breaking glass, voices, etc.). In general,
systems come in two types: on/off and perception-based.

On/OffSensors

On/off sensors do not require a roll to detect some-
thing. They either trigger or they don't. For instance, a
window breakage sensor will trigger if the window is bro-
ken. An electric eye will go off only if the light beam is
broken. There are no rolls for these sensors. The Storytell-
ersmust have the players describe theiractions very carefully,
and the sensors respond accordingly.

Perception-Based Sensors

These sensors have a Perception Attribute which is
used in the same manner as a character's Attribute. For
example, a thermal sensor might have a Perception rating
of 8. The sensor will roll eight dice (difficulty 6) to detect
a character and trigger an alarm. Obviously, an intruder
would have to be emitting heat for this thermal sensor to
detect him; a ghost would not set off the alarm (unless using
Materialize), but a skinridden consort might, assuming the
consort were an ordinary heat-emitting mortal.

Appenoix 99

Security Systems Chart
Perception
Microwave Sensor 8
Motion Sensor
Ward
Barriers
Window
Door
Door (metal)
Door Lock
Wall (cement)
Bulkhead 3

Dice Pool used to detect

(wood)

Perception: The
intruders.

Strength: The Dice Pool (see the Strength
Chart in Wraith: The Oblivion, p. 212
to break through the barrier

required

Magical Security Systems

Normally only the oldest and most powerful
ghosthunting organizations are capable of erecting magical
wards in their headquarters which alert members to the
presence of ghosts. Typically, wards such as these are fragile
and very limited in what they can detect. Storytellers
should require players to record these limitations and how
the wards themselves may be destroyed

For instance, a ward used to detect the presence of
wraiths cannot be used to detect Spectres, and vice versa;
each entity emits a mystically different type of energy (of
course, talented Dopplegangers can disguise even their
energy patterns...). A ward such as this is a level two (or
higher) talisman created using the rules for Fetishism (see
"Numina," Chapter 5). The higher the talisman level, the
better its Perception rating, starting at a Dice Pool of 5. It
may take whatever form that the Ritual prescribes for it, but
will only last as long in weeks as the successes rolled while
creating it plus its level. Obviously, to have continued
security surveillance, a ghosthunting organization must be
fairly proficient in the use of Enchantment (or its True
Faith equivalent). Moreover, because the device must
touch the Underworld in order to perceive it, it can also be
destroyed almost as easily by the Underworld's inhabitants
(who must roll Strength vs. the talisman's Dice Pool +
successes in creating it) as by physical beings.

100 Tue Quick ano THe Dean

Selected Bibliography

Primary Sources

pq) he Blue Boy. TV movie about a ghost-
child who appears toa woman involved
| in a troubled marriage while she is
} taking a holiday in Scotland.
Cahill, Robert Ellis. Haunted Hap-
| | penings. Salem, MA: Old Saltbox
Publishing House, Inc., 1992. Book by
a true-to-life ghosthunter in search of ghosts in haunted
New England. Includes photos. Order from Old Saltbox
Pub. House, 40 Felt St., Salem, MA 01970.

Gardner, John. Mickelsson's Ghosts. New York: Vin-
tage Books, 1985. Outstanding and intelligent fiction about
a troubled professor who buys a haunted house. Great for
atmosphere, psychology, and a metaphorical understand-
ing of ghosts.

Secondary Sources

Ancient Wisdom and Secret Sects. By the editors of
Time-Life Books. Alexandria, VA: Time-Life Books, 1989.
Part of "Mysteries of the Unknown" series. Good source for
organization ideas

Finucane, R. C. Appearances of the Dead: A Cultural
History of Ghosts. London: Junction Books Ltd., 1982.
Good section on 19th century paranormal phenomena, the
Fox sisters, and the SPR.

Guiley, Rosemary E. The Encyclopedia of Ghosts and
Spirits. New York: Facts on File, Inc., 1992. Recent and
extensive, with mention of numerous real parapsycholo-
as well as paranormal research organizations.
Chock-full of potential adventure seeds.

Kies, Cosette N. The Occult in the Western World: An
Annotated Bibliography. Hamden, CT: Library Professional
Publication, 1986. Great overall source for finding occult
material

Klaniczay, Gabor. The Uses of Supernatural Power: The
Transformation of Popular Religion in Medieval and Ear
Modern Europe. Princeton, NJ: Princeton Univ. Pre:
{990;;Seel chuiprer!@forcinformation about hlstorical
benandanti.

Leitner, Konradi. The Mystic World: A Popular History,
Explanation and Exposé of Occult Phenomena. Trans. Dr. A.
Gramatzky and George Stump. Boston: The Gorham Pre:
1927. Interesting and well-defined sections on many as:
pects of the occult. Would make an interesting prop.

gists,


Nilsson, Martin P. The Dionysiac Mysteries of the Hel-
lenistic and Roman Age. Lund, Sweden: C.W.K. Gleerup,
1957. Good information on Dionysian rituals and myster-
ies. Some info on Orphic mysteries (for Orphic Circle).

The Psychics. By the editors of Time-Life Books. Alex-
andria, VA: Tin ife Books, 1992. Part of "Mysteries of
the Unknown" series. Good supplement for psychic
Numina.

Sullivan, Lawrence E., ed. Death, Afterlife, and the
Soul. New York: Macmillan Publishing Co., 1989. Fasci-

nating articles on the title's subjects — not just limited to
Western culture.
Taillepied, Father Noe
The Fortune Press, 1540-
mers. A great book to us

Treatise of Ghosts. London
9. Trans. Montague Sum-
a prop. Contains an extensive

argument for the existence of spirits within a well-defined
Christian worldview. Great for Sons of Tertullian, etc
Webb, James. The Occult Underground. La Salle,

Open Court Publishing Co., 1974. Good source for ideas

on new organizations.

Name: Nature: Motivation:
Player: Demeanor: Chapter:

Chronicle Concept: Lodge:
eg Attributes le ae

Physical Social Mental
Strength_______@0000 Charisma. @0000 Perception @0000

Dexterity__.....@0000 Manipulation. @0000 intelligence___—- ®0000
Stamina. @0000 Appearance. @0000 Wits. @0000

Talents Skills Knowledge
00000 _ Body Reading 00000 Bureaucracy__ 00000
00000 Crafts, 00000 Computer. 00000
00000 Drive. 00000 _ Enigmas. 00000

00000 Etiquette. 00000 _Investigation__00000

00000 ‘Firearms. 00000 Law___§#§s§=___—- 900000

00000 _ Leadership_____ 00000 _Linguistics___00000

_00000_ Melee. 00000 __— Medicine. 00000

Spiritual Awareness__00000 _ Stealth 00000 Occult___ 00000
Streetwise. 00000 Survival____— 9070000 Politics____—=— 0000
Subterfuge. 00000 _ Technology__-00000 Science____———- 00000

ee pe At g@= Advantages
Other Traits Background Merits & Flaws
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 00000
00000 90000
00000 00000

00000 00000
00000 00000  ——— 4 Health —a~noeme

00000 00000
00000 90000

Willpower ==
oo000000000
OoO00000000

Combat —~=2—

Weapon Difficulty

oooo0o0o00


== Other Traits hime

History
es: PreLUdE mevmthntone

oo0000
oeo0000
ooo00o0
oo0000
o0000
== Associates Ste
| =
eucee

—— Contacts/Allies ~=

——= Status or Position Sm

|

Identifying Marks __
Nationality.

Equipment

Brawling Chart

Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Body Slam Dex + Brawl Special
Grapple Dex + Brawl Strength
Dex + Brawl Strength + 1
Punch Dex + Brawl Strength

Gear (carried)

Rank Roll Difficulty

Possessions (owned)


e Wraith Player's Guide The Quick andithe Dead


When the Prey Turns
on the Hunter...

Ever sinee the first dark discovery of its own mortality, B ctanity has

" been fascinated by the world of the spirit. There are those why would know

more of the afterlife. These mortal "pioneers of the spirit" come in search of

the secrets of life beyond the grave, yetknowledge is not all
that they seek af

It is Already Too L

From parapsychologists and spiritualists tot ih
ns of Tertullian, The Quick and the Deadiprovidles the information
s ktigwn as the Restless

o
rae
The Quick and the Dead is a "Year of the Huinter™ book, and includes:

PT es
All-new Numina, psychic abilitiegand equi ta for mortals;
¢ Information on the Benandanti, Sons of Tertullian,
other hunter organizations;
¢ Ideas for Storytellers on how to create ni
wraiths and mortals!

SuiTe 100
780 PARK NoRTH BLVD.
CLARKSTON, GA 30021 56504-61

WW 6008 $12.00 $

0

Printed in Canada
