# File: The Spirit Ways.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

& Guide to Shamans and Spirituality
in Mage: The Ascension®


NZS =e, ee!
Y

and Eric P. Taylor

By: Rachel Barth, Scott Cohen, John Snead

NG All

Credits

Writing: Rachel Barth, Scott Cohen, John Snead and Eric
P. Taylor

Development: Jess Heinig
Editing: Carl Bowen and Cynthia Summers
Art Direction: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Richard P. Clark, James Holt, Leif Jones,
Larry MacDougall, Drew Tucker

Cover Art: Ron Brown
Front and Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

WY" NS

Layout and Typesetting: Pauline Benney

© 1999 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction Ne
without the written permission of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except fq @ ae
for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be » . ed E SUITE 128
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, .

Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and CLARKSTON, GA 30021
Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Witte Wove} USA

Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the GAME STUDIO

Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, The Spirit Ways and Tradition Book Dreamspeakers are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are
copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at —

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN USA

739 PARK NORTH BLYD.


NV

/

VIN

INN

Table of Contents |
Prelude 4-
Introduction IO
Chapter One: A Life Apart [2

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 32
Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 54.
Chapter Four: Spirit Helpers 740)
Appendix 36

a


Dizzied by the arcing deep blue curves painted on the walls,Adam wished
for a Moment that his Mentor Apo were with him, but as quickly pushed the
thought away. Trapped, beaten, tied to a hloodstained chair while awaiting .
his Captor's pleasure, Adam knew that his Mentor would not have been so |
easily Caught. He'd thought his communion with spirits a necessary, even -
pleasant, avenue of insight; the fact that other magicians did magic so |
different from his own never bothered him Unfortunately, that meant that -
he never bothered to understand how their magic worked, and that left him .
vulnerable. Which, ultimately, (eft him tied to. a Chair awaitinges. something
at the hands of a cultist who babbled with corrupted spirits.

Letting out a sigh, Adam tried to stilt his breath. He'd certainly never |
expected anything like this! He was just a normal guy. The shaman avenue |
was all new to him Torture and sacrifice — that was ridiculous! "4

At least they hadn't blindfolded him. And he hadn'+ been hurt too badly; © |
the magics of the other mage had incapacitated him but left him largely
intact. He flexed his fingers; his wrists and ankles hurt from the bindings.
Turning his head as much as his bound shoulders would allow, Adam tried +o
get a better view of the room itself. The same swirling blue patterns Met his
eves everywhere he looked, even onthe thick wooden door. The floor, rough

Adam coughed once, trying to clear his dry throat, but the rising pain in
his head prevented any further such endeavors. He tried to remember what
Apo had taught him How could he get out of this? He just listened to what
the spirits had to say. He didn't do tricks the way Apo did. oe

"HEY, YOU," a guttural voice stabbed at Adaw's ears. "Yeah, you. You look -
like you can hear Me."

Adam turned his head slowly +0 avoid
he saw only the painted walls. "Who?"

"Down here, bud," grunted the voice ava

Shifting as best he could,Adam tilted his head a bit to one side and looked 4
down. Below, at the foot of the Chair, a single cockroach waggled its
antennae. /+ Measured perhaps a full two inches in (ength, and its shell was.
brown. Adam considered for a moment that he might be hallucinating, then
decided that it didn't matter at this point. A

"That's it," said the cockroach "You wouldn's+ happen to have anything oe
+0 eat, would you?" oe

inging further pain.To either side, -
e croaked.


* roaches formed into so

Adam would've laughed or even quirked an eyebrow had he the energy.

~ over to the jerky.

They trotted to Adam's n Mo
a Adaw's skin crawted reflexivety as the roaches climbed up the leg of his

ee ce SS

Feeling as tired and sore as he did, he barely Managed a hoarse chuckle
before answering, "I'm tied up in a chair awaiting my demise, and a
hallucinatory cockroach wants +o know if | have something +o eat?"

The roach simply twitched its antennae in reply.

Adam let his head drop back against the chair. He thought hurriedly for

a moment He didn'+ have much in the way of useful tools +0 begin withs just

his clothes and a few bits of random things for appeasing the spirits. A bit

of string for a bird or a cat, a piece of bone for a dog or a spirit of death...

and a pit of meat for a predator, like Lizard or Wolf.

"My pocket. /n wy pants. Jerky." Adam tried to motion with his head, failed. «>
The roach paused a Moment, then that croaking voice issued from it ——
~~ once More. "Hey, yeah

- time. Can't beat that."
went up the chair leg

a meat, allatthe same

felt i+ wiggling abou
Finally, it Fell out of his poet
Its legs waved in the air fo

Incredulous, Adam watched +
eve. The tiny beast scrambled ab
couldn'+ quite tell if it was eating

OOr, appearing from
sy dropping off the

5 a
die ine is memory as hi
the last pits of Meats or even u

gather into a si
Finally, the

ied up in a Chait don't see why not." The

ing resembling

abruptly straightened int

slacks. At least they weren't crawling up inside his pants. The roaches | :
stopped on top of his leg.
"You... you're going to chew through the ropes, right?" asked Adam

ee hat the spieits pen respected offerings, Adam hoped
feverishly that wasn't rorgty cegze " pided +o appeat +o the horde.

ering, "Well, seeing ashow .


ae og

The lead roach rose up on its
forelegs, almost as if staring up at
him Adam felt strangely Foolishe {
"What, you think we'd eat that? Nahy
it's totally synthetic. That's no good 4
at all. Open your mouth and close

your eyes."
~ A wave of nausea swept over

Adam, but he heard the approach of
a low, lilting chant from outside the
oom Shutting his eves tightly, he'.
opened his mouth and tried to think
of anything else as the roaches
scuttled in procession up his shirt,
along his neck, up his face, into his
mouth and down inside of him His
throat gagged and his stomach turned
as tiny feet and probing antennae
swept down his gullet, then spread
- OUt. Roaches massed throughout his
pody, oblivious +o muscles or bones
| or blood vessels or nerves. He was.a
- skin-sack full of roaches.

As Adam thought that he. might
lose consciousness, he felt the
roaches moving under his skin, gath-
ering in his arms. He looked downy.
watching the crawling bulge as they:
crept down his arms toward his.
hands, roach after roach, forcing —
themselves to his wrists. The ropes
tightened and bit into his skin until —
a fraying snap echoed once, and
then the pressure was gone. Blood
ran down his fingers as the roaches
scuttled Up to his shoulders, repeat- >:
ing the work there, then to his. <3
ankles, destroying those bindings. =

With the roaches still swarming ©.
inside of him, Adam stood woozily.
His balance seemed odd as the crit-
ters roamed apout his innards. At
the places of his bonds, his skin was
torn open, bleeding, but he hardly |
felt the pain. He took a step, stum-
bling, and turned, grabbing the chair.
| for batance.


ae

The susurrating chanting approached nearer. Gripping the chair tightly,
ws Adam hefted it up. I+ was Made of heavy wood. He waited for the door to
Le Opens then twisted hard to his right, bringing the chair up. His arms and legs
1. bulged unnaturally as the roaches Moved about, and the chair caught the |
— knife-wielding cultist in the jaw. The teeth in the man's sunken jaw cracked
. togethers and a few shards of white sprayed out of his Mouth as he slammed
- sideways into the doorjamb, then Collapsed.
- Breathing heavily, Adam stopped +o wipe his lips. He dropped the heavy
=" Chater and bent down to pick up the knife, stilt awkward with the scuttling
_.. tnside. Then, taking quick steps, he crossed over the unconscious Man and
" stepped into a perpendicular passage. He glanced in both directions and
settled on the right, spotting a rising staircase.
.. Moving quickly, Adam crossed the few feet to the stairway, glancing —
~ pack to make sure that nobody followed from behind. The steps were of
» hewn concrete, rough agains? his bare feet, and he peeked up slowly into —
. the room above. : |
The top of the stairs opened into.a.roughly rectangular room Mason jars
 Uined the shelves, storing peaches, pickles and (ess unidentifiable sub-
stances. To the left, Mechanical eng parts lay scattered across a stone

- 40 hope tha
Ge ebing u c
looked Upyh

nd, bloodstained

the cultist raised the cudgel, doubtless ready to add to the

splotches already on its bindings. Adam flinched, bringing up
din front of his face while he stabbed out with his stolen knife.
the blade thunked into the cultist's thigh, a Meaty thump like stabbing into
g,. 2 pork chop. Almost simultaneously, the cultist brought the cudgel down.
Bei The heavy weapon smashed into Adaty's arm. Adam stumbled back and fell
- heavily onto the floor, knife stilt stuck in his a sary's legs as brilliant
numbing pain flared up his arm. Head spinning, h rely Managed to grab
his wounded arm with his oth nds trying to his numbed limb from
flopping uselessiy about.
be With a staggering gait, the cultist shuffled forward. His right hand
. stretched out and he grimaced, spitting syllables that seemed to bend the
«Mery aire Adam looked on in horror as his swimming vision registered
—-tentacled balls of brown matter floating in the air. Spirits? More hallucina-
"tions? Monstrous servants? Whatever they were, they seemed to haze the


Sheath

Very aits waiting as the cultist continued his twisted chant. Blood oozed from = |;
the leg wound, but the cultist paid it no heed. For a moment, Adam felt sorry |
_ for the things, pressed into the service of a mad and misguided soul. A
"My master will be even more pleased with this," gurgled the cultist, eyes" |
calculating. "A sacrifice is one thing. A struggle, the tinge of fear, that is |
quite another." He waved his right hand forward, and the tentacles of the.
brownish lumps stithered out, reaching for Adam a4
Swatiowing once, Adam called out as Apo had taught him "Ahiya, kah |
emah," his voice lilted, almost singsong, and the lumps quivered in the air, |
unmoving. He continued his greeting, addressing them not as slaves but as. |
— equals, and they stopped. Unable to defy their master yet incapable of
breaking the ancient a of respect between spirit and man, they

Pve kitled
Fightin

welling ya wn
filling with ai

tdshed upi

out, running downs.
ack torrent. Skitte

"chitterings the roaches ran
oving Morass between him and
hen? Ss terror +0 observe the hideous |
forward again, scrabbling up his legs,
oes and crawling under his shirt. The
ed, batting ineffectually at the bugs
that swarmed over his skin. In waves they crawled up his face, entering his
nose and ears. Crunching and writhing, the cockroaches slid about under his
bulging skin. Tiny bites opened his flesh from the inside; a cockroach ate its:
way out through one of his eves. Bulging, crippled hands tore at hair that
_ Came away in clumps of tattered scalps /n Mere Moments, the Cultist seemed ~
‘40 Melt, his flesh sagging, his clothes unable to Maintain the shape of a body
~ ravaged from the inside. He re ched and a stream of noxious Vomit spewed
- forth with a tide of cockroaches jus fore his jaw fell off. Without even
a Minute of time, his cremains f bones with gobbets of partially- |
liquefied Flesh attached ~— collapsed in a heap.
_ Adam sighed and squeezed his eves shut. All about him, tiny feet echoed |
as they slid into the concealiment of the walls. Feeling about with his good.
hand,Adam pulled himself around the pile of entrails, clambering up the: stairs
to daylight and Friendtier spirits.

the cultist AG cultist had
collection before the roac



Introduction

Welcome to the other side of the world. No,
4 not another continent — the spirit world.

The Dream of the world that is.

In every culture, the shaman heard the
wisdom of that other world, heeded the call
of the spirits and became the mingling of
flesh and spirit. Pulled by the totem — the
] spirit that is guide, mentor and master — the
shaman serves the people with his power, yet
he is servant to the spirits, giving them a taste of the
material world that was once his home.

A shaman is more than a Dreamspeaker. The shaman
is mendicant, medic, wanderer, wise man, healer, helper,
servant and savior. The shaman is a normal man — or
woman — who becomes sick with the calling of spirit, who
lives the power that he must wield for the spirits. This isn't
just magic. This is life.

Whal's In This Book

The Spirit Ways details the entire craft of shamanism,
from the inside and outside. Turn one way, and it's a path of
power and wisdom. Turn another, and it's a road of service to
wandering spirits. This book tackles both angles: The world
inside of the shaman, and the view from the outside.

Chapter One: A Life Apart'relates the tales and trials
of shamanism, as might be told by one of the initiated. A
shaman isn't just a guy with sticks and feathers. Look at the
whole world through a shaman's eyes, and see it anew.

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits describes the
shaman from the outside — the worlds that the shaman
sees, the ways that they commune with spirits and the
means for describing shamanic thought and practice.

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit tells the tale of a
shamans trip through the spirit worlds, putting the various
parts of the spirit world into the shaman's words. Discover
how shamans interact with other travelers of the spirit road,
and how they overcome the obstacles of spirit journeys with
their unusual ways of thinking.

Chapter Four: Spirit Helpers continues to follow a
shamanic journey while exploring the sorts of minor
spirits that shamans might call upon or run afoul of. Here,
too, you can find notes about integrating such spirits into
your chronicle.

Appendix: By the Numbers offers several new toys for
shamans. Fetishes and talismans of many sorts are de-
scribed, as well as some new Merits and Flaws specifically for
shamanic characters.

Remember to follow the drumbeat!

Introduction 11

a —————_——_

NK


Chapter one:

A Life Apart

When the world hears the beat of my drum
Then the spirit of the gods will descend

I'm the drum
You're the drum
We're the drum

— Babatunde Olatunji

If you want to see what is inside of yourself, go up
to the darkness and the ice. Go there and sit. If
ae youdon'tdie, you will see what you went there to
‘\ see, and you will come back a different person.

That's all there is to know about how sha-
mans came to be. The rest is just embroidery.

Ah, you are not satisfied?

Good. Don't be. There's usually more, if
+ you dig under the ice for a while. But don't dig
too forcefully. You never know what's hiding there, resting,
waiting in the blue-black, maybe not too happy to get a
blow on the head from a shovel. Dig gently.

Pass me that bottle, already.

This is what I learned. Long, long ago, when our ances-
tors were still getting their bearings in this world, some went
west, some went east, some went south to the warmer places,
and the boldest and most adventurous went up to the ice.
They went up when the sun was shining, and a person could

hardly walk straight ahead because of all the fat, lazy seal in
the way, just sitting by the water waiting to become a meal.
Naturally, our ancestors thought this was the finest thing
they'd ever seen, and they prepared to settle down. But then
the sun went down. And the seal got sparser. And our
ancestors built a snow house and sat in it, darkness and cold
surrounding them on all sides. And that's how they sat.

After a while, the spirits that move around in the
darkness found them sitting there and tried to enter them.
Those hungry spirits had been waiting a long time for some
nice, gullible types to come along, and they weren't disap-
pointed. Soon all our ancestors were possessed. They
screamed and thrashed around. But our ancestor Ulgen was
different. He didn't just fall down and let the spirits have his
body. He fought against the spirits using every weapon at his
command. He shouted at the spirits to get their attention
and frighten them. He pierced his body with his knife to
drive them out. But it wasn't enough.

Chapter One: A Life Apart 13

TT __ eee

ee

ID.

SS

(AX

WZ

NG All

So Ulgen used his knife to remove his own liver and
offered it to the spirits. This attracted many, but not all of
them. So Ulgen next removed his lungs. Finally, he re-
moved his heart and set it out for the spirits. The hungry
spirits swarmed over and devoured our ancestor's organs.
With the last strength he had, he captured the distracted
spirits in an elk-hide bag and tied it shut. Then he lay
quietly, waiting to see the face of death.

As he lay there, a huge black seal appeared to him. It
said, "Kill me, and live. Make the proper use of me. I deserve
an excellent drum." Ulgen raised his blowgun to his lips and
blew a perfect shot up the nostril of the seal, killing it
immediately. He took its heart, lungs and liver and put
them into his own body. When he felt his strength return,
he immediately jumped up and shouted "Heyo, heyo!"

He made a drum from the black seal's hide as he had
been told to do. The spirit of the seal came and said to him,
"I will go back into my skin and be your guide." Ulgen said,
"Many thanks, Seal Brother."

He saw that all his brothers and sisters were in a trance
because of the spirits. He took his drum and began to play
and sing. He drummed the spirits out of his brothers and

sisters and trapped them in the elk-hide bag. When his
brothers and sisters awakened, each was more grateful
than the next. They gave him gifts of walrus tusk and elk
hide. But nobody wanted to sit with Ulgen anymore. They
couldn't forget that he was full of spirit power like a bad
smell. They felt afraid.

Ulgen saw this. So he took his son and blew his some
of his own power into his son's nose. Then he said, "My
family, I am going to visit our other relatives. I want to make
sure that they don't need my help. If you have any trouble
with the spirits around here, my son will help you out."
Then he laced up his boots and set off in his kayak. And
that's how Ulgen, the father of all shamans, came to leave
the first snow house and travel south to Altai.

The path of Ulgen's journey is lost to us now. But I like
to think he got a mighty long way, riding his drum just as we
do today.

Is all this true? What a stupid question! I ought to
come over there and smack you just for asking! And
anyway, who gives a shit? If you're still so curious after the
bear eats you, go back and see for yourself. You'll have your
own drum then.

Roots of Shamanism

I Mother's Thighs
R We whostill dwell up on the ice, Ammasalik
WF and Habakuk and Iglulik, listen carefully to
fe the rumbling voice of Takanakapsaluk, the

8) Mother of Sea Beasts. We are the angakut,

@ riding the drum under the blaze of the North-
ern lights. On the cold belly of the world,
every being knows its place. With the taste
of whale blubber on our lips, we keep an eye cocked for
storms and for the great bear, our worthy brother and foe.

Look into our eyes and see that we have seen our own
bones. Having seen this, we can see anything past and
anything to come. That is the gift of Tongarsoak, after
death. Ah, you are quick to look away. Does the dark
frighten you, the dark that lasts for months, pressing
outside the firelight with the weight of black water?
Swim into the dark ocean with us, lift your nose to the
aithole in the ice. Open your eyes and see the secret
colors of the water.

My body is all eyes.

Look at it! Be not afraid!

1 look in all directions.

We don't fear the white man's ways, but we will never
abandon the purifying fire of the ice, the burning until all
but the bones are gone.

14 The Spirit Ways

The Bronze Gong

To refer to "Asia" is only to mark yourself as a stinking
white ghost, as if ic weren't already obvious to us who can
see with opened eyes. Your stink of cheap cigarettes and
rubber shoes precedes you, forcing itself past the pleasant
scents of oolong, boiling fat, noodles and fish. We are Lolo,
Xingpah, Moso and Na-khi. Or, for your simple Western
eats, Chinese. We have climbed the ladder of knives and
navigated the path of white-hot plowshares. Can you go up
to the celestial places as we can? Do you know the three
areas of the world and the roots of the World Tree? We
remember how to fly, as we were taught long ago by Emperor
Yao's two daughters. We remember how to use a bear skin
to change our own shapes.

The coming of your people to our ancestral lands brought
opium, which we sometimes find useful, but its strength is too
much for the weak-souled. The Red Book persons think to
destroy us with weapons, but we know the Celestial Roads,
and it will take more than a few guns to finish us off.

The Green Heart

From the barrios around the feet of the Brazilian Christ
to the slopes of the Andes, we have kept hold of our sacred
ways in the face of so many invasions. We have snatched
our livelihood from the mouths of rats. Simon Bolivar
didn't kill us all, and neither will you. We fear the death of
our rainforest, and we work against it with all our strength.

a


a

We are Manasi, Taino, Yanomami, Tapirape, Tupinamba
and Yahgan; we are protecting our Mother's body with our
own bodies. The jungle is full of dreams, of drumming, of
spirits and wonderful danger. For us, the sky is no higher
than a house, the gods no more distant than neighbors. If
your soul runs off, who will find it, if not we? Of course, we
have reason to doubt if whites even have souls.

Drumming af the Waferline

Each of us was eaten by the tiger, crushed in his white
teeth. We Semang are little but fierce, like tiger's cubs
ourselves, along with our brothers the Sakai and the Jakun,
who came here before us. We came out from the tiger's belly
with the knowledge of his shape, having become halak.
Some of us were changed so far that they turned into
women, but their magic was all the stronger for the change.
Dancing in the tiger's eye, we hear the voices of the cenoi
and speak in their secret language with them. How would
anyone speak with the Wise Ones, if not for our dancing, if
not for our crystals?

We fly in our boats to accompany the souls of our
people into the Spirit World. We wouldn't let any Semang
make that journey alone, prey to any hungry spirit that
comes along. It's no wonder your people are beset by
difficulties, having no one to speak for you in that other
place. We watch over our people in life, as well, seeing their
troubles in a bowl of water.

Eating Dust, Drinking Dreams

We are the Shuswap, the Paviotso, the Lillooet, the
Sinkyone, Yurok, Wintu, Maidu, Yuki, Maricopa. You think
you know us, you slick-talking whites with your fake clothes,
but you don't know us any more than a child knows his
parents. You see what you want to see, wearing silly goggles
stuck on your eyes that Rousseau made for you. You see
nothing and go away happy to have a real, genuine Indian
dreamcatcher for your New Age decorations. As if a bit of
string was all it took tocatch adream. You'll never catch ours!

When the totem tells us to, we suck out an illness along
with the blood. Are we strong enough to suck the sickness
out of your blood? Perhaps there is nothing to be done for
you after all.

Look, shamanic power is like most things pertaining to
human life: It's the solution to a problem of sorts. The
problem is, the world is full of spirits, powers, strange forces
and inevitable events. People can get attacked by demons,
lose their souls while they sleep, who knows what. Even
Sleepers see how strange this world is, but they don't know
how to control it.

Ever looked into a dog's eyes after it got hit by acar? So
sad, in such pain, and yet utterly uncomprehending. The
dog cannot understand what has happened to it. What
makes us human is that we can understand what's happened
to us. We can try to fathom the mysteries surrounding us.

Humans have struggled with the spirit world and with their
own souls ever since someone built a fire and finally they
had a place to sit and be warm and think.

It's plain, you realize as you gaze into your own fire,
that sometimes a person's soul gets injured; you can see it
in the eyes, how the soul has been damaged. It's plain that
sometimes the body is attacking its owner with terrible
diseases and no one knows why. But why? What can be
done to help the sufferer? Why are demons lodged in that
person's body? What if the person dies — where does his
personhood go? If a person dies angry, will he come back
to finish what he started?

Our father Ulgen came to help answer those questions.
If you put on a shirt and shoes, | think you have to call this
metaphysics.

Our father Ulgen found his answers when he learned to
tide the drum. The shaman protects the souls of Sleepers.
Through the trance and the drum, sacred songs and drugs,
the shaman enters the spirit world and brings back a soul
that has wandered away, and stuffs it back into the left ear
where it belongs. A shaman comes between the Sleepers
and the crazy behavior of the spirit world.

Nowadays you may hear a lot about the Greeks and
the French with their fancy philosophy. But philoso-
phers are only guessing. A shaman knows the truth,
because she's gone there and had a good, hard look. She's
seen her own flesh rot, her own skeleton rattling white
and bare. Plato, that pompous old fuck, was theorizing —
him and his stupid cave. | actually died my own death.
Who do you think knows more, huh? That's why the
Sleepers will always need us, even though they are so
foolish these days that they've forgotten everything
useful that 10,000 years of work could produce. Stifling
away in these ridiculous beehive buildings. Sleepers!
Uma knows why they are so crazy. But they need us now
more than ever. The spirits are strong and they feed on
the craziness. We have to watch carefully for Sleepers
who are in trouble.

That's why we aren't like those navel-contemplat-
ing characters in their Council. They're looking at the
stars, at the roof of the world, at I don't know what. A
shaman is of the people. The Sleepers need caring for;
they have difficulties they aren't equipped to handle,
and they don't need some snobby types coming around
and looking down on them in that patronizing, I-know-
the-secrets-of-the-universe kind of way that certain folks
have. Cosmic manipulation is fun, but it's not the right
tool for a shaman. That's not going to bring back Mrs.
O'Shaughnessy's soul from where it's trapped inside her
Spirit Lake, is ic? A shaman pays attention to these sorts
of little things.

In the old days, folks knew when it was time to hunt up
a shaman for some help. You sat in the door of your hut
enjoying a good smoke until somebody came up with a few

Chapter One: A Life Apart 15

WN OK

D.WwYS


NG Ait

"

chickens or a wolverine pelt to ask for some assistance. A
lonely life, but not a bad one. Nowadays, you may have to
hunt up your own opportunities to exercise yourself, since

these silly big-city people no longer even understand that
they have souls. Chicago's chock full of people who can use
your help, so I reckon you'll do just fine.

Regarding the Matter of Names

1-4] Ahem. The word "shaman" originates from
4) the Tungu, and some ethnolinguists relate
this back to the Pali, "samana."

Make of that what you will. Myself, I
have little use for such matters.

What is a shaman? Most Sleepers think
of a wizened old geezer dressed in deerskin,
popping peyote buttons and waving a smudge
stick, chanting unintelligably. They're right,
and they're also wrong. As usual, the truth of a thing doesn't
lie in its surface manifestation.

A shaman is a person who has learned to influence
reality by manipulating sacred energy via the medium of
an ecstatic trance. That's the core of it, though not the
whole of it. It's not the ability to enter a trance — mystics
in both hemispheres use their own methods to enter
trances; this does not make a Zen master into a shaman.
The core is that the trance frees the shaman's power to act;
it collapses distances and time to the shaman's will and
opens the gates of death.

At the shaman's right hand is his totem spirit. At his
left hand is his key to the spirit world, anything from a
peyote button to an heirloom niggun, carrying the singer
toward the gate on a carpet of melody.

Yes, there's usually a drum, usually some smoke, usually
recognizable traces of his culture and training, but that's
just wrapping paper. What's inside the paper? A trance.

The trance is the gate to the spirit world. The trance is
the essence of the shaman's art. His ability to sustain the
rigors of the trance is the only limit to what he can
accomplish, theoretically. One says "theoretically" because
shamans are practical dealers in the difficulties of everyday
life, and in everyday life, hardly anything ever goes as it
theoretically should.

The Shamanic

"Tradition"

They see the elephant shit, they want to shit like an elephant.

— Traditional Thai saying

Most mages would say that shamans are a small subcul-
ture under the influence of the Dreamspeakers, war-painted
visionaries who certainly know their way around a sweat
lodge (although members of the Cult of Ecstasy might claim
sway over these ecstatic drummers). Many members of both
Traditions are well-trained in shamanic techniques and

16 The Spirit Ways

know how to enter the Otherworlds. Those grim-faced
Verbena types are well-educated, too. But are they sha-
mans? The excercise of other magical talents might be said
to put them beyond the bailiwick of traditional shamanism.

The shamans themselves would say that the reason a
Dreamspeaker isn't a shaman is that he wasn't initiated into
shamanism by another master shaman. Shamanism isn't
democratic; it's exclusive, even elitist. The choosing, test-
ing and initiatory processes are rigorous and occasionally
even fatal. There is no way to become a shaman without
enduring the process to the last, agonizing detail.

"Lots of people can talk with spirits," say the elders on
the slopes of Popocatépetl, "but that don't make ‘em sha-
mans. Just like lots of people fly these days, but that don't
make ‘em birds, now do it?"

On occasion, a shaman might seek membership among
more Traditional mages, but she'll be pursuing her own
agenda. Don't make the mistake of thinking that she'd be a
good person to enlist in your own fight. Like most shamans,
she has a highly individual sense of honor and proper behav-
ior, and she might have no trouble letting you down. She's
already faced death; she knows her priorities with grim
cettitude. Don't assume you're at the top of that list.

Become the
Psychopomp

The shaman's most solemn function is that of the
psychopomp: the soul's companion and guide. When a
person dies, his spirit needs to go on with its journey, but it
doesn't always do what it's supposed to. Spirits, like flesh,
can be stubborn, contrary or just plain stupid. They may
linger around like nasty smells in the garage, ruining
everyone's life in subtle ways. They might just be stuck and
not know what to do about it. The shamanic psychopomp
can aid these footloose spirits to find the path, of rif neces-
sary she can force them onward.

The flip side of the psychopompic coin is conception,
the process of inducing a spirit to take up the burden of flesh
again. The psychopomp is trained to solve this problem as
well. Make of that what you will.

Jack of All Trades

A shaman's basic function can be described in a
single simple sentence: She handles situations no one
else knows how to handle involving spiritual, mental or
physical well-being.

A


HN OK

Trouble conceiving? Sure, no problem. We'll find that
blockage and blow it right out. Spirit possession? Right up
our alley. Trouble with your mother-in-law, or worse yet,
her ghost? Give ashaman a call. Dying? 1-800-SHAMANS
for complete spiritual accompaniment services, courtesy of
the psychopomp extraordinaire. Birth to Earth and beyond,
as they say. That's what your basic, old-fashioned shaman
is trained to handle. Your new-fangled shamanic type will
have more experience with heavy narcotics, naturally —
unavoidable in these modern times, but those ancient
jungle-bound geezers can produce things from their hairy
armpits that'd really make you fly! Sure, ecstasy is nice, and
long-lasting, too, but iboga's really stood the test of time, in
my opinion. Ask any shaman along the Horn.

The Rising Sun
of Wesfern Life

Well, I went to Belovodia. I saw the fire burning
beneath the ice. But it was not as in the days of the
Old Kams. To me it looked like strobes, or even
like one of those flashing mirror balls from a
discoteque. It made me want to dance, so] danced
| and I sang. My totem is partial to Pet Shop Boys.
Over the last 100 years or so, medicine has
| expanded to cover a lot of areas traditionally
handled by shamans. Indeed, some might call
modern medicine an offshoot of shamanism. Where once wise
men combed the forests for useful plants, today wise scientists
peer into microscopes searching for specific DNA. The search
hasn't changed, though the searchers have. Anybody with a
heart condition or a broken leg should see a doctor. A couple
that's having trouble making a baby can find help in aisle 7 of
the local pharmacy now. And Prozac will help many people
more than a visit from the local midewiwin.

And yet, and yet, and yet... Every suburban housewife
can tell a story about a friend who fell through the cracks,
the chronic fatigue syndrome that just won't quit, the
daughter who suddenly went bad, the unexpected mela-
noma, the migraines, the man who can't stay married to
anybody, the uncle who lives on the Internet surrounded by
antique newspapers and who refuses to come out of his
house. Not to mention the possessed groundskeeper's cot-
tage, the nixie in the swimming pool, the bad smell in the
back room, the frog attacks. That's what a shaman is for —
the situations that no one else knows how to handle.

That, in a nutshell, is the history of shamanism. Once,
we were the only source for our people to turn to. But even
the deep rainforest isn't impenetrable to determined impe-
tialist bastards, and since the 13th century or so, those
money-hungty white guys have been mighty busy. Even our
brothers in the very coldest places have gotten a surprise visit
or two from a longjohn-wearing oil prospector. Those crazy

Chapter One: A Life Apart 17

O_O

J
\

NG Ail

Westerners will do just about anything to pile up money.
They're like a man with two heads. Neither one claims to
believe anything the other head says, but only in the secret
place of its minds, it worries that the other head might be
right. So the Catholic head, full of that dying god, says, "Be
good to your fellow man. Reap your reward in the kingdom
of Heaven. Suffer the children to come unto me. It's easier
for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than a rich man
through the gates of heaven." But secretly, the Catholic
head is afraid that there's more to life. So what happens? The
Medici popes had mistresses in the Vatican. And the Vatican
itself —whata treasure house of wealth! I guess nobody there
is really too worried about the gates of Heaven.

Meanwhile, the other head, full of imperialistic divine
right, says, "God Himself wants me to have everything I see.
In fact, it's my responsibility to enlighten my less fortunate,
savage brothers and bring them plumbing and smallpox,
while I have my way with their sisters, oh yeah." And he
pretends that religion means nothing to him, but inside he's
empty, so empty, so he keeps trying out new versions of
religion, praying that something will fill chat emptiness
that no amount of money can make up for. Communism —
that was a nice try. Seventy whole years. Let me tell you, if
Saint Paul had been a communist, we'd all be wearing red
now. Those idiots just had no organization. There you have
it, the history of Western society.

Both heads, sacred and profane, have one thing in
common — everything they do is a problem for shamans.
On the one hand, nosy missionaries invaded every poor
little village in South America, India, Africa, Australia. A
person couldn't spit without hitting a missionary, I swear —
not that I'd care if I did. It's hard for people to reconcile
multiple beliefs, especially when one is represented by a
kindly old lady who usually hides deep in the forest, while

the other has liquor and eventually death at the stake. So
the Catholic head drove many shamans deep into hiding. A
shaman doesn't fear death, even by fire, but it's inconve-
nient. Much better to avoid it.

The Modern Problem

Even a hundred years of smelly black cassocks was
nothing compared to what the other head was cooking up:
modernity. This idea, modernity, and all its trappings, has
possessed the hearts and minds of the people thoroughly.
They've put their head into the box and can't see out of it.
I'll give you an example. Once upon a time, if a person was
ill, she'd try to treat herself. If that failed, she'd try her
friends and relatives. If that failed, she'd seek out a shaman.
At each step, she tried something different.

What happens now? She feels sick. She tries to treat
herself. If that fails, she sees a doctor. All right, so far, so
good. But if that fails? She sees another doctor, then
another!-See what I mean? How desperate she'd have to be
before she finally smashes out of that box of modernity!

And this is terrible for shamans. It's terrible for practic-
ing shamans, because without someone who needs their art,
shamans may literally die. It's terrible for future shamans,
because if they can't pull their heads out of that damn box,
they'll die without ever learning what they could have been.

A truly powerful shaman can do much more than
shooing away a few pesky demons. She can travel through
time to see the future or the past, or go deep into the Spirit

Realm to speak with the dead. She works with the substance "

of reality itself. She manipulates and controls sacred energy
through the medium of the shamanic trance. What she can
accomplish is only bounded by her will and her skill, but the
essence of shamanism is practical applications.

A Choosing, Bul No Choice

"T tell you most solemnly, unless a man is born
through water and the Spirit, he can not enter the
kindom of God. What is born of flesh is flesh,
what is born of spirit is spirit. Do not be surprised
when I say, you must be born from above."

— John 3:5-7

The Siberian Kams say that all Kams are
really just part of one great Kam, and that a
future Kam is chosen by the Black Spirits,
who are the spirits of the Kams who went before. So if you
happened to be a Siberian from the Altai region, you'd be
chosen by the Black Spirits.

Among societies where shamanism is hereditary, fu-
ture shamans sometimes know their destiny before it arrives.
If you were lucky enough to be Samoyed, Zulu, Dyak,
Cobeno, Nez Perce or Ostyak, for example, you'd be ready
to tackle your initiation after your father passed on. It's nice

18 The Spirit Ways

when the novice shaman enters her training willingly, eyes
wide and spirit eager. This saves a lot of wear and tear,
especially on the shaman herself.

Unfortunately that's not always how it works. It's not
always begun voluntarily and it's not always quick. What if
you got stuck being, say, Tungu or Yakut? Or maybe even
Portuguese or Swedish? How do you know you're supposed
to become a shaman? How are you chosen? It could be
described in a couple of different ways. Some say that
something inside the fucure shaman calls to the spirits to
come and Awaken her. Others say that the spirits find the
future shaman on their own, drawn by the scent of power.
To these unwitting recruits falls the more usual route of
recruitment — spiritual attack.

The spirits aren't too subtle when they're trying to
reach the waking world. They throw things, create horrible
stenches, all that poltergeist-y sort of activity. When they're

a

HN OK

trying to convince a Sleeper to Awaken, they're just as
impatient. They might try something nice like dream
visitations or mirror apparitions. More typically, they just
make the Sleeper get very, very sick.

Sickness Onto Death

I went out to hunt caribou, saying that I would make my
mother some new buttons out of caribou antler. I went out and

followed tracks for three days. On the fourth day, I wanted to
i make a fire and rest. But my hands couldn't do it. Then a yellow
p

ID. WOH

dog came out of the trees and said, "Let me help you."
"Please, Yellow Dog, help me," I said to him.
He made me a fire and said, "Don't forget to leave out some
of that caribou for me." Then he went away.
? The next day I killed a fat bull caribou. I left out a big piece
f ] of it for Yellow Dog. Then I went home.

I was sick then. I was sick for three days and nights. On the
fourth day, a shaman came to see me. I saw Yellow Dog behind
him. I said, "Hey, Yellow Dog, I need your help again."

\ The shaman looked into my face and said, "Don't talk

about these things around people." He massaged my body for a
\\ while, then said, "When you feel better, come to see me."

So that's when | entered into my training as a shaman.

we A person who is chosen to become a shaman may simply

fall ill with a mysterious, incurable illness. He lies weakly in

bed, day after day. He tries every cure he can think of. He goes

i to many different doctors, following the chain of referrals

| > a from clinic to clinic. Some treatments might even work for

| anit | | 4 eee te a short while. Ever known someone who just couldn't get

ye | | ee seeper well, no matter what they tried? That bad back, sour belly,

ies (| fl i 1 ee ee = hacking cough that just kept coming back? How about that

BS ci; chronic fatigue syndrome? Seems like city people willdodam

\ = 4 > _ Rae ; kaw nearanything before they'll hear the voice of the spirit world.
%, = (| i S 4

\

—hL
4S

This process can be especially drawn out if the sufferer

a% ie = doesn't have access to a shaman or simply resists the whole

on. Waa notion because he lives in a more industrialized society. Try

My Z ; =. locating a shaman in Liverpool or Aspen on short notice.

\ VY) y. ee They're not typically in the yellow pages. Now try convinc-

4 Ry) fl a | t ing yourself that it's a good idea to consult a shaman about

Va PPR oop Meskes your chronic pinched nerve. Heck, try convincing anyone
A ae. you know that it's a good idea:

"Pve tried everything for my sciatica. | was thinking
about seeing a shaman I heard about."

"You mean one of those weird guys with the peace pipe and
the funny chanting? Do you think your insurance covers that?"
‘ Yep, there's no denying that an un-Awakened one has

—_— a long road to travel before he'll see the doors of death.
\ ti) The spirit world tries repeatedly to establish contact
$ with the future shaman. Until he somehow understands
1 f j what is happening to him and accepts his fate, the illness

| Bre Ae ae won't go into remission.

/ { Pee Tare | The sickness comes on strong sometimes, knocking the
e 4%
j

pie g RS sufferer flat unexpectedly, or else it may creep up, slowly

Chapter One: A Life Apart 19

=

NG Ail

\

sapping her strength until she never leaves her bed any-
more. It might be an identifiable sickness such as malaria,
or it might be a mystery illness that eludes all attempts to
cure it. "Well," says the bright-eyed pupil, "how can she tell
the difference between ‘real' malaria and ‘spirit' malaria?"
The wise person will watch for other symptoms of spirit
attack. The key thing is continual recurrence or incurability.
The victim might begin to act deranged. She might be
uncontrollable and have to be watched very carefully by her
family. If she's particularly unlucky, she might be locked up
at this stage, and if she is weak, she'll never recover. Stupid
spirits don't know when to quit.

It might be less drastic. Perhaps the victim will just be
incredibly picky about food or bizarrely emotional, rather
like a pregnant woman. The shamanic sickness is similar to
pregnancy, in a way — it forces the sufferer into physical
and psychic extremities and ultimately transforms her com-
pletely at the very deepest level of her personality. It lasts

quite a while; the time is not totally under the control of the
swelling body's owner. The embedded thing, the coming
sea-change grows and changes inside, out of sight but never
out of mind. Eventually, at the end of the ordeal comes
another, bloodier travail, also unavoidable, also uncontrol-
lable, often terrifying, as the Sleeper gives birth to the
shaman, squeezed wailing out of the dark into a dangerous
new world. The experienced midwife may help her along,
but ultimately, the sufferer endures and survives the ordeal
alone, or she dies alone, her gift stillborn.

Are these changes real? Imaginary? Mystical? The
initiated master knows the answer, but to her the question
has no meaning. In either case, the novice has undergone
an unfathomable change.

What if the novice rejects the gift? Perhaps a skilled
shaman might be able to chase away the disease. More
likely, the victim will just be sick forever, most likely he'll
die, unless he gives into the compulsion at last.

The Agony and The Ecstasy

Sky moving
as they sang
Spirits sang of salmon
| I was drowning
a) in the basin
aa the place of power
for curing

— Siwalxlelix, Bella Coola shaman
Finally, the future shaman gives into the pull of the
spirit world. She starts to shamanize. She may sing, dance,
drum, chant or any other activity as her soul moves her,
until she enters her first trance. Once in the spirit world,
she'll see her first spirits, with luck avoid any attacks, and
learn that she is to become a shaman. When she comes out
of her trance, the sickness abates.
At this point, she needs to find other, experienced
shamans. She can't proceed with her training without help.
Word travels quickly in the Otherworlds, though, and in all
likelihood, a hairy stranger is already knocking on her door
or lying in wait for her around the corner.

The Midewiwin

By nature, shamans are goats, not sheep: they like the
solitary road, the high peaks. Two shamans together means
that one of them is redundant. Still, it's good to be in the
company of one's true family, those who understand the
truth of one's life, and to be in a place that's almost totally
safe. Thus it comes about that most shamans belong to a
midewiwin society.

Every midewiwin has a fixed meeting place. It may be
extremely remote. Shamans capable of traveling vast

20 The Spirit ———

distances in trance will not mind attending a sweat session
in Nova Scotia, after all. Time and distance mean little to
a master. Some societies meet as often as monthly or even
weekly. Others meet yearly for a week-long bash that
leaves the surrounding pines reeking of smoke and shak-
ing with drums.

The societies help to keep shamans from stepping on
each others' toes, and they also help steer available sha-
mans toward open territory. Another function of the
midewiwin is watching for ripples of power among the
Sleepers. A shaman must learn her future craft through
apprenticeship under an experienced shaman. It's not an
easy life, so a shaman rarely seeks out an apprentice unless
he senses extraordinary power in her,- or if his guardian
points her out. The midewiwin helps to match up the
willing master with the needy pupil, conserving the magi-
cal resources of the shamanic community and preserving
the life and power of the future shaman as well.

Inifiation

Now the new shamans initiation begins in earnest. As any
Navaho can explain, a few visions and a trip to Spirits-R-Us do
notashaman make. The initiation process is what draws out and
strengthens a shaman's power, preparing her to handle, on her
own, anything the universe cares to throw at her.

This is the time when she sits at her teacher's side,
learning whatever he can teach her. Herbs, drugs, animal-
skin tanning techniques, proper use and care of weaponry,
martial arts, dance, foreign languages or secret tongues,
hunting and drumming, to name only a few, are some of the
things a shaman might want to know. Every shaman, bar
none, knows how to play at least one musical instrument —


a ————

the drum. Every shaman, bar none, knows at least one
technique for entering the spirit world and exiting it suc-
cessfully, still alive. Every shaman, bar none, is capable of
healing at least a few types of sicknesses. Above and beyond
that, it's a smorgasbord of individual choice.

Each master has a unique set of knowledge, much of it
inescapably environment-specific. Shamans born and raised
on the slopes of Popocatépetl are not typically experts on
hunting seal or building igloos. Shamans from Manchuria
will not have much to say about deep-sea fishing. Shamans

from the Outer Banks are cracker-jack on boats but not
necessarily on firearms.

Because environment-specific learning is the least
flexible sort, every sensible shaman constantly works to
expand her base of knowledge. After all, you never know
just when a deep understanding of the differences between
macaques and lemurs will turn up useful, or when you might
need to know how to build a hot air balloon from scratch.
Life is funny that way, and the world's a lot smaller than it
used to be.

The Death of the Flesh

] [The two white bears] took her away over the ice
| and forced her to descend into the water through
| a hole in the ice. For some time she was dragged
along through the water, only to be abandoned
when the bears came to another opening through
} | which they disappeared.
a Left on her own, the girl sank to the floor of
A the ocean. When her feet touched bottom she was
able to look about her. One side of the ocean
appeared to be darker, the opposite side seemed brighter. She
reasoned that the dark side must lie to the north so she began to
walk toward the south where the light was brighter.

While she was walking tiny sea animals surrounded her. They
bit into her body, tearing away strips of flesh. Little by little her body
was devoured. Eventually only her bones remained. [...] She was
nothing buta skeleton butresolutely she advanced toward the light. She
found a crevasse in the ice and was able to climb onto the ice surface.

— The Magic Drum

The shaman's bailiwick includes all aspects of the
soul's journey, including those portions that occur before
the body is created and after it is discarded. The psychopomp
must be ready to care for the soul at any point on the circle.

Every person has been born and carries the sacred
knowledge of mother's womb already in his hidden memo-

\\ a ale.

Chapter One: A Life Apart 21

ID.

"aS

ID.


NG Ail

ries. The road into the spirit world goes through the big,
black door of death, though, and that's why every shaman
has to pass through it. Shamans learn by doing the thing
they are learning. They often learn to cure an illness by
experiencing it. They learn to understand death by expe-
riencing it.

To an outsider, this portion of the initiation is difficult
to discuss, even more difficult to understand. This isn't
some fraternity house hoe-down with its group humilitations
and surreptitious buttock-fondling under cover of a chemi-
cally induced fog. It goes far beyond the deliberate sadism
of military enclaves, blood-drenched torsos in push-up
position, screams of pain mixed with howls of warlust,
bonding men together through the intentional destruction
of the ego. Shamanic initiation is all about death — dying,
being dead, then coming back. It's never pretty. It's always
thorough. It's as far beyond an ordinary initiation as the
next continent is beyond your backyard. Shamanic initia-
tion destroys and rebuilds the soul more thoroughly than
can possibly be imagined by a non-initiate.

To reach the spirit world, the novice breaks through
her own resistance using whatever technique her teacher
may recommend. These methods vary from pole to pole, but
they have one thing in common — they cut the senses off
from the everyday world and force them, whether suddenly
or gradually, to open up to the spirit world. A week floating
in an isolation tank, or a heavy dose of hallucinogens that

The Spirit Ways

Vee

bring Uma Herself out of the fire — either way the shaman's
perceptions are altered. Her eyes finally see the spirit world.

She may see her entire body dismembered limb by
limb, then reassembled. Perhaps the elder shamans will
operate on her body, replacing her internal organs with
mystical facsimiles or huge rock crystals. Among some
Eskimos, Tongfrsoak comes in the form of a great bear from
the lake and eats all her flesh. She contemplates her naked
skeleton until it reclothes itself in flesh.

Dayak shamans recount undergoing a literal brain-
washing: the head is severed, the brain cleansed and returned
to its cavity, the head restored. After a quick application of
gold dust to the eyes, the new shaman is ready to see the
Otherworld clearly. This is similar to the initiation of an
Ungarinyin shaman — suddenly abducted by spirits, he
simply gets a new brain, which lets him see the Spirit
Realm. Or how about having worms drain your blood out
until you die? Kalweit reports that this is "said to produce
highly gifted shamans." Maybe you'd prefer the fate of an
Arunta novice: pierced by ancestral Dreamtime spirits with
a spear through the back of the neck until the blade emerges
through the mouth, perforating the tongue. The tongue
piercing is permanent, too, as if one needed any reminders
of such an experience.

A Siberian shaman recalls that a huge blacksmith
chopped up his body and boiled it in a huge cauldron for


three years, at the end of which.time, he forged him a new
body on his three immense anvils. Did we forget to mention
that the initiation may not be fast?

Among the Arauca, the shaman and her master hold
the iniation ceremony publicly. Teacher and student each
tear off their nose, tongue and eyeballs, then swap. The
Buryat say that the novice's soul is taken by her shamanic
ancestors before a dread assembly of spirits. They torture
her cruelly, slashing and poking at her belly, cutting off big
gobbets of flesh, tossing around the bloody prizes. They
cook the flesh. While this goes on, the novice listens to her
heart beating as her breath slowly ceases and her skin turns
dark blue. Who can top that?

The thinker who is having difficulty extracting his
head from the box of modernity should consider this:
One of the most well-known men in all of Western

culture died a painful death of exposure, wounded with
a spear, tormented by his captors. He returned to life
three days later and changed all of history with the power
of his experience.

This is the truth — one person, one death, no limit to
the possible.

The act of dying strips away the trash, leaving only the
essence and the unleashed power of a full-fledged shaman.
Many people who have undergone a near-death experience
report a vivid clarity of sight and perception following the
unexpected return to life. Because of the deliberate and
magical nature of the event in a shaman's case, that intense
ferocity of vision never fades. The memories of the knives,
the anvil, the spear, the bear and the vast indifference of
death are always there, burning in the mind, searing away
the nonessential things.

Drowned in the Lake of Pain

Jimi surpassed my every expectation. He en-
tered the spirit world effortlessly on a tide of
; ecstasy the likes of which I've never seen
¥ _| before or since. The power of his music sent
"*| shudders to the soles of my feet. I half-ex-
pected to see a welcoming line of spirit
groupies, I swear, for all I should know better.
Well, things went about as you'd expect. He
: was climbing the Tree of Knives, reciting the
sacred phrases and chanting for the sheer joy of it. An immense
dragon popped up and began to rip him apart. Limb from limb,
then bone from bone, then shred from shred. It's almost as hard
to watch as it is to feel it. ] was queasy, but satisfied.
Suddenly, a much larger dragon came up and devoured
the first dragon. Where had it come from? It spied Jimi's

Falling from the Initiation ©

spirit, naked and unsuspecting. One bite. That's all it took.
Jimi never knew what happened.

The dragon looked at me maliciously and knowingly.
A horrible stench of Pittsburgh, steel foundries and despair,
poured off it. I gagged as I readied myself to attack. The
dragon only laughed and went back where it came from.

Tleft Jimi's body as he'd left it, in the bathtub. To see that
beautiful, sad face distended and choked with waste in death
saddened me, but what made my heart pound was the loss of
Jimi's power, that easy way he made the gates open for his
guitar. What shaman could have equaled him, had he sur-
vived? He'd have been worthy to drink with Old Red Papa.

Solhavecometothesourceoftheevilsmell,and] willnotleave
here until I find the dragon's master, and eat his heart, and grind his
body to paste, and feed it to my garden, and know some peace.

Ithappens on occasion that a novice fails the rites of passage in some way. The results of this depend on when she stumbles.
If she does not gain entry to the spirit world, then she simply never finishes her training. End of story. But if she missteps in the
spirit world itself, only she can save herself. The master will leave the student to her own devices, come what may.

A clueless human soul wandering about the Otherworlds smells absolutely irresistible to the hungry spirits there, sort

HN OK

\
Z

of the way a cheeseburger does to a human. It'll typically get the same treatment — chomp, chomp, chomp, bu-uurp.

Now, any master shaman is capable of rescuing a soul from hungry spirits, but to do so would be to compromise the ritual.
No matter what happens, the master may not intervene. He must leave the novice to her fate, no matter how grisly. After all,
she may well rally her forces and survive the experience, scarred and wiser for it. And, as they say, sometimes the bull wins.

Experienced shamans regard these occurrences dispassionately. A person who's gone this far through her initiation can hardly
go back to her previous life; the spirits will not release their grip on her. The only way to move is forward. What is the alternative?
A life of chronic illness, perhaps regarded by all as insane? Only a crazy big-city Westerner would think such a life preferable to
simply continuing along the Wheel. The novice must continue, come what may. If she failed at this stage, well, clearly she didn't
have what it takes to become a master, so true death was actually the only way for her life's progress to move onward anyway.

Still, once in while, a horrible accident transpires which leaves a reeking stain on the fabric of the spirit world.
Any shamans who come near it quickly depart, wary of the site of such an awful occurrence, since the lingering stench
often draws all sorts of undesirable types to its pall of misery.

Chapter One: A Life Apart 23

a

NG Ail

The Totem Covenant

3| A shaman without a totem is a legless mara-
| thon runner. She can still stay the course using
| the proper equipment, but it'll take a hell of lot
f more effort, and it won't ever come naturally
sy or easily. Thus, the key aim of a novice's first
"A journey, other than simple survival, is to meet
her totem. Luckily, it's usually not an over-
| powering effort to accomplish this. Often, the
8 totem will seek the novice out before she even
gets her bearings in the spirit world, or the totem will bump
into the novice on her path. It may seem strange that it could
be that straightforward, but in many cases it is.

Another way of finding a totem is via a ritual hunt. The
novice, under the aegis of her master, hunts and kills an
animal native to her area, in essence creating a brand-new
spirit. If she lives out in the country, she gets to choose
among noble animals such as elk, wolves and mountain
lions. A city dweller has less glamorous choices among rats,
mice, birds of various types, dogs and cats. A widely-
available and yet highly prestigious totem is the raven,
revered in cultures from Arizona to Manchuria. You can
find ravens snarfing garbage or robbing backpackers at just
about any park in America from Thompkins Square to
Yellowstone National. Leave out a few half-sealed packets
of food and see what turns up. Do it three days or more, it's
a good bet you'll fetch a raven or two.

Don't be fooled by an animal's lowly status. A weasel
totem can hold its own with an eagle totem. A spirit's power
is utterly unrelated to the body it once occupied.

I didn't meet my totem in the spirit world, and when I
came back and said so, Don Auracio just grinned at me.
"Guess you'll actually have to work for it, Ray. Maybe you
should go find one your own lazy self."

I stewed over that for a while. Where could I find
some animals around Astoria? Did I really want to have a
squirrel or a pigeon totem? Maybe somebody's ill-tem-
pered Rottweiler to share my Spirit Lake forever? I went
down to the subway and let my feet guide me, listening to
the drum of my heart. I sat on the trains a long time and
changed trains a few times. When | came up to air, it was
night. I sucked in some cool, crisp air, pungent with
exhaust fumes. I looked up at a big sign.

The Bronx Zoo.

Boy, I thought, Don Auracio's gonna fall down laughing
when he hears about this. Time was, a man went out into the
deep forest to hunt a totem, and here I am at the goddamn zoo.
Is this what we've come to?

But the drum beat strongly, sure and clear, and by now
I knew better than to disagree. I slipped over that gate as
smoothly as if I'd been busting into highly patrolled public
facilities since birth.

24 The Spirit Ways

a _

Most of the zoo was dark. Some animals were sleeping,
others awake and throwing down lots of animal chit-chat.
The drum didn't signal me to go anywhere in particular, so
I just kept strolling.

My feet led me to an area of the zoo that was dark and
quiet. A big house of some kind, all locked up. I popped the
lock like James Friggin' Bond — I have no earthly idea how,

The Totem Compact

The totem spirit and the shaman..collectively
come to an agreement about what their-relationship
will be. Usually, it's a simple arrangement: the totem
will watch out for the shaman, help her and increase
her power with its own, and the shaman will become
a healer, take-on all other shamanic sorts of responsi-

- bilities and more or less do as the totem recommends.
She accepts-a lifetime:of working in the Worldwide
Weirdness Rodeo as a professional craziness wrangler
andall-around psychopomp. Some totems have a weak-
_ ness for alcohol, sweets or fresh meat; it will be the
_ shaman's job to jump out of bed at two in the morning
to ‘satisfy these cravings on demand.
| Occasionally a totem spirit is much more demand-
_ ing. Some totems, particularly in Asia, will want to enter
a spirit marriage with their partner. This marriage would
be celebrated like a normal: marriage of the flesh and have
_ everything a normal marriage has — a house, sex, fights,
jealousy. A female totem paired with a male shaman
might even get pregnant and bear spirit children to her
husband; the children would live only in the Otherworlds,
though they might manifest in our world as eggs or
pebbles. A spirit marriage doesn't necessarily preclude a
real-world love life and marriage, but woe to the shaman
who gets stuck in-the middle of a problem between her
flesh husband and her spirit husband. The spirit husband
is absolutely capable of forcing the shaman to get rid of
her flesh spouse, or of simply killing him on its initiative.

Some ‘totems demand. a different kind of sexual
sacrifice — a'change to the opposite sex. As part of her

bargain with her totem, the shaman assumes all the
characteristics of the opposite sex*that she.can. She
wears only male clothing, tries to find traditionally male
sorts of work and conceals to the highest degree possible
that she is actually.a woman. She might even take a
woman as her wife. A male shaman who enters into such
a- bargain would spend his entire life in drag. That's a
mighty long time to. wear pantyhose, but the naked
truth is that a shaman will do just about anything his
totem-requires, because the alternative is at best loss of
power, and sometimes death.


a

The Ineffable Name

A mage would: unquestionably: call: the: Spirit
Guardian. an Avatar. He'd probably call the spirit
world the Middle Umbra, too. A shaman would un-
questionably reply, "Mind your own business, big-nose.
Ten thousand years ago, we:called it the spirit world
and we ain't changing our ways just ‘cause you went and
started a-club.and named yourselves king of the hill."

Any linguistics egghead will tell you.the name
you call a thing forever codifies it in your mind, and
subtly influences the manner in which you regard that
thing. It literally imprints itself into your neural
pathways, a flaming brand pressed.to your cortex. So,
no thank you to:all that talk of Avatars and what-
have-you. We prefer to keep to our own ways of
naming, our own ways of thinking. We don't need

__ your words messing up our brains...

except that I was wanted inside, so inside I had to go. The
air inside felt suffocatingly warm and humid. A nasty
shudder ran up my spine as I took in the still, silent glass
walls inside. The Large Reptile House.

The drum started beating harder and faster as it forced
me deeper into the room. | passed the crocodile pool, some
mystery-meat things that were hiding under their fake tree
stumps, even a big, fat Komodo dragon. The drum stopped.

I was face-to-face with the largest anaconda I'd ever
dreamed of.

Pale eyes of clouded jade surveyed me dispassionately.
I looked back, trapped like prey in the gaze of a being
who'd be only too happy to have me for dinner. Alone in
the dark, overheated room with this merciless predator, I
could not suppress a shudder of fear even though I was safe
outside the glass. I fought back the sweat and reached out
to the monster.

"ve come a long way to find you, Snake Brother."

Its voice in reply felt dry and raspy. "I've waited a long
time for you to come, Little Brother. A long time, even by
the reckoning of the cold-blooded, watching my rightful
prey walking by while I dine only on stinking scraps. What
is your name?"

"My name is Raymond Ignacio Fuentes, Snake Brother,
but my friends all call me Ray."

"Ray. Are you here to free me?"

"The only way I can free you, Snake Brother, is to set
your spirit free from your body. It would be quick, almost
painless, | promise."

"And in return?"

"You would join me, after leaving your body. You
would watch over me in the spirit world and lend me your
power. You would become my totem."

"You offer something good, but I will ask for more. I
require blood, Ray. Fresh blood, drawn greedily out from

Practice, Practice, Practice

The demands of a shaman's life are varied and
unpredictable. The one constant is a frequent need to
practice: When the itching fire begins to seep through
her veins and the drum begins to speak in her ribcage,
she'd better be able. to answer the call. This usually
means choosing a venue with at least a moderate choice
of willing subjects.

Many:shamans finda "day job" among environ-
mentalists and activists. The connection to the earth
is strong, and spending time nurturing it is pure plea-
sure. What's more, among the hippie tree-huggers,
your medicine bag and smelly old pipe won't seem so
out of place.

These solitary oddballs usually get along reason-
ably with any other natural creatures they may
encounter in such settings. A powerful shaman might
not be above tweaking the wolfs tail for his own
amusement on occasion, but most know better than to
poke their noses into someone else's caern. It's been
heard that-.a totem covenant was once reached be-
tween a shamanic novice and a dying Garou; such a
partnership would be formidable indeed, a trumpet
blast to shake the doorsills of Doissetep.

For big-city types, construction is a fine way to get
in touch with earth and open air. Digging, hammering,
lifting and carrying — such activities are almost trance-
inducing, and nobedy on the site expects erudite
conversation. This is.a favorite with shamans from the
high-altitude slopes of the Andes. Plumbing's good for
watery sorts of shamans, of course, not to mention that
favorite cushy job — pool boy.

Aim. for unstructured sorts of jobs that don't
require many years .of training. You just spent years
learning how to be a shaman. Are you really that keen
on going back to school?

Another great route is that of the professional
musician. What a great excuse to just start drumming
and singing. Occasional drug use? Sure, we're used to it!
Mumbling incoherently? Seen it. It's a tough job to get,
but the rewards are great. The downside is that the
wings are thronged with annoying persons who are
begging to be choked to death, and any self-respecting
shaman will have a tough time restraining herself from
unleashing mischievous spirits. Her spirit guardian will
keep her from falling into the ego-traps that catch so
many talented artists, though. There's nothing like an
angry dead animal crapping in your shoes for cutting
you down to size. A.good alternative in that same field
is nightclub work —a bartender, or better yet, a janitor.

As always, shamans prefer loose guidelines to rules.
Every shaman finds her own niche and reaches her own
accomodation with the big city's nasty ways.

Chapter One: A Life Apart 25


~< _Z
Va Te % the living being. You will provide me with this when I ask.

a If you will swear to give the blood, I will become your totem.
This I swear on the Egg that bore us all."

"I swear on my own heart's blood and on my drum to
give you the blood you require and to hear your voice
whenever you may call me. May I come in to you now,

See Snake Brother?"
— "Yes, you may enter." The slender tongue flicked in and
out. "But do not forget that I am still an anaconda."

_ I shook myself and went through the zookeepers' door
to get to the entrance of his cage. He lay coiled in the middle
of the floor, waiting patiently for me to come to him. In the
warm air of the reptile house, his movements were swift; it
didn't take him a second to trap me in his coils, each
muscular loop as fat as my thigh.

"Ah, Ray, you did not heed my warning." Blood thun-
dered behind my eyes as he squeezed. "I can smell the warm
animals outside the house now, waiting for me to devour
them. You will be hardly an appetizer for my long, long
hunger. You will be delicious, Ray."

I sucked hard for a tiny breath and grappled with my
pocket. I found what I needed and then had to force my —
hands out between the coils that were crushing my ribs. I
uncapped the syringe and stuck the snake blindly. I prayed
with my last breaths that the dose would be enough. How
much digitalis will kill a snake of that size? Distantly |
thought of the long hours fooling around with Don Auracio's
treasured foxgloves.

The room began to blacken, then the snake stiffened.
L heard his fading valediction. "Very good, little one. Not
only acobra may have a poison tooth." IJ struggled free of the
loosening loops and fell to my knees, coughing blood. I
could feel the tip of one broken rib pressing up against my
arm through skin. No time to think of that now.

When the black spots eased up before my eyes, |
emptied out a water bowl and sat down in the center of the
cage. I let my own blood flow into the bowl, then pressed my
hand over the cut and started to chant myself through the
black door. | knew he'd be there before me, and it's rude to
make a friend wait too long for you.

Going to the Spirit Lake

The Spirit Lake is where the still, small voice of power
dwells inside every person. It's the sacred water that nour-
ishes the burning bush, the drink the heart craves. Every
man and every woman has a Spirit Lake inside themselves.
It's here they store their dreams and all their magic power,
however little of it they may have. The shaman's totem
finds it a pleasant resting place, on occasion. The Spirit
Lake holds the moisture that refreshes the soul.

The Lake takes whatever form the person imagines.
Its banks may be clogged with memory-constructs of past
events, or pristinely tree-clad. Any person can visit her
own Spirit Lake; it isn't necessary to be initiated to do so.

26 The Spirit Ways

|


A shaman might bring a person suffering from mental
illness to spend time at the Lake. Alternately, the Lake
itself might be blocked or shrunken, causing illness, need-

ing the shaman's attention. So many Sleepers go their
whole lives with hardly a taste of the precious fluid of the
Lake. How do they survive?

Mysterious Ways

aN 1 walked inland from the harbor a little ways,
ij ; \ smelling that dirty city air, full of the scent of

Saetee drug-spirits and dead-women-sex-spirits with
| their feet on backward. I passed so many Sleep-
1 | ers that had lost access to the Spirit Lake; I
could see it in their faces. My totem didn't
speak up so I kept walking. After a while I saw
| a huge statue of a man; that seemed very

promising so I kept on walking. I smelled a big
smell of power, and I followed that odor into a huge building.
There, I came into a room full of men and women. They were
all shouting and chanting as loud as they could, and doing a

strange dance that had a lot of jumping. Some were chanting
"Buy, buy, buy," and others, "Sell, sell, sell." 1 watched; it
went on for hours, as long as any corroboree. They used
telephones. I didn't see any drums, but my fingers sure started
to itch. The power was thick in the air, and I could feel my
totem sit up and take notice. I knew I'd found myself a good
place to shamanize. Where else could I spend half the day in
the spirit world and attract no notice at all?

So I went out and got myself a three-piece suit and
became a trader. I won't pretend it was that easy; I had to
twist some gabardine-suited arms to get that seat. But all
that money pays very nicely for many trips back to Altai.

A Story of Wafer

She was dreaming of drowning. I could hear
the little choking sounds, see her chest jerk-
ing as her hands swished helplessly at black,
endless water. The Texas sun beat down on
my head. I just kept right on with the net,
scooping out leaves while the little whirring
pool machine made its rounds. Snails would
be both cheaper and more efficient than I am,
but the chlorine kills them. As I do for all my
customers, I tossed in a little "float" powder, the better to
keep the youngsters from an early grave. And why not? An
accidental death tends to put people off using the pool, and
then I have to hump around looking for a new job. Tch. An
ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.

Behind me on her chaise, the matron of the house twitched
and gasped a curse as she surged out of the dream's grasp. I
squinted at her over my shoulder. "You okay, Miz Shelley?"

She only stared at me, pale under her tan.

"Miz Shelley? You have bad dream?" | already knew that
answer, but the patient must participate in the diagnosis.

"Yes. A bad dream." Her eyes swam, glassy and unfo-
cused below the brim of her straw sun-visor.

"You have dream before, Miz Shelley?" I asked, easing a
little more old-country chumble into my accent. I don't really
understand why, but the whole wrinkly-geezer-with-two-teeth-
and-heavy-accent thing helps Sleepers get in touch with their
woes. Maybe because they don't feel like they have to be so
civilized around me. I gave Ms. Shelley my best wise-old-man
stare, beady and unblinking. Just like that, she opened up.

"I feel like I'm drowning. All the water is all black.
I can't even tell which way to swim. I'm struggling to

move, but my shoes are too heavy. I can't get them off. I
swim and swim until I wake up. God, each time I get
closer to drowning."

"Miz Shelley, you say okay, | help you. I know good
thing for bad dream." I gave her the beady-eyed geezer stare
some more, willing her to cooperate.

She sank back on the chaise with a sigh. "Okay, fine.
Whatever." Her eyelids sagged with sad exhaustion.

I sat on the tile by her chaise and pulled up an empty
plastic canister which once contained pool poisons of
some sort. "Okay, Miz Shelley, I make you some old-time
music now, music I learn many year. You close eyes, listen
music." I began to drum, not the goofy hey-hey of a social
titual but the rich syncopation that soon carries me deep
within, through the black doors. Miz Shelley, too worn
down by her bad dream to resist, lolled on the chaise like
a big, sepia rag doll.

Now I could see the whole scene from a spirit perspec-
tive, and boy, did things look different. The surface of the
pool looked slimy. Something sinuous moved idly below
the diving board. I reached into my pouch and tossed a
doggy treat into the water. Huge jaws razored up and
snatched the treat before it splashed. A narrow yellow eye
regarded me. "Who might you be, little man?"

"I'm the pool boy, selkie. What are you doing in there,
besides getting fat and sassy?"

"J live here. She used to put out milk for me, but now
nobody does anymore." It sounded very hurt. I tried to
think what it was talking about, then remembered that
Mrs. Cora Lyn O'Herlihy, formerly of Dublin, had re-
tired from her long-time position as housekeeper on this

Chapter One: A Life Apart 27

IND

S

\

y

a

VA

=

NG Ail

C
\

a _

spread about two months ago. "I want my mommy,"
sighed the selkie pitifully. I suppressed a gurgle of cynical
amusement. ‘

What would be the best course of action? Kill the poor,
dumb thing? Maybe send it to Florida to visit Mommy at her
retirement condo village? Hmmm. Much as I love a good
fight, I couldn't really see the need. I dug a couple more
doggy treats out of my pouch and swore the selkie to the
service of the family, to fight off any and all other encroach-
ing spirits and attackers of the Otherworld, in exchange for
a slight increase in living standard. Selkies aren't that
bright; you don't have to promise the sun, the moon and the
stars to close the deal.

I came down out of the clouds and went up to the
house, where I found Corazon Milagros, the new house-
keeper, deeply engrossed in reruns of "Sabodo Gigante."
Now, my Spanish is not terrific, and I'm not sure exactly
what she understood, but I got the point across. Milk, in a
bowl by the pool, every Monday night. Once a month, raw
meat. Her eyes rolled white at me, but she didn't argue.

I went back to the pool in time to see Ms. Shelley sit up,
disoriented. "Ah, Miz Shelley. You problem all gone. You
see? All gone." I deliberately bowed and scraped a little, to
ease her discomfort at having revealed her weakness to me.
Her blue eyes blinked uncomprehendingly. Times like this,
I miss the educated consumers I left behind in Bulgaria.

Returnfrom the Heartof Darkness

It felt mighty good to be out of Korea, that's for
sure. I love kimchee as much as the next girl, but
g | sure needed a change. I walked around Venice
f Beach, watching the self-obsessed perfecting their
| melanomas, and tried to figure out what todonow
N that I'd arrived at the Golden Mountain at long
last. The dream of generations, finally achieved by
me, Stinky Bho-Cho. Great. No doubt my ances-
tots are all torn between laughter and scorn.

I drifted down the beach and sat on a rock to watch
some bodybuilders puffing themselves up. That whole

Bring Mea Shrubbery!

Even the most ordinary shaman's life is rich with
Storytelling material. Shamans soon learn that every
person is living inside her own epic, her own song: Like
Alice down the rabbit hole, the.scale ofa shaman's
situation can shift rapidly.

A simple-seeming chronic tennis elbow on some
anorexic: debutante might reveal an incredibly power-
ful dragon-spirit curled-up in: her spleen, with its own
ugly agenda to discuss. How did it get there? What does
it want? Can the shaman negotiate with it, or will force
be necessary? Will killing the dragon harm the girl?
After the shaman handles that nasty obstacle, there's
still the immense spirit. construction the girl erected to
hide her.soul from the dragon Now she could use her
soul back, and she. doesn't know how to dismantle the
construct. What spirit guardians are protecting the
soul? Will it harm the girl to disable the guardians? Will
it be sufficient to extract the soul, or must the shaman
destroy the construct?

At first glance, no oné would suspect. the real
situation. But a shaman learns. to anticipate the ex-
traordinary; it's all part of the life of one.of the world's
professional weirdness wranglers.

28 The Spirit Ways

scene is pretty strange, but it's not any weirder than, say,
lip plates or penis sheaths, I guess. Humans just can't leave
their bodies alone, any more than monkeys can stop
picking fleas.

After an hour, another woman came along, dressed in
a hilarious outfit that featured lots of fringe, sequins, feath-
ers, scarves, you name it. She spread out a scarf and a little
sign saying "Madame Zalenskaya Sees All. $2.00." What
the hell, I said to myself, it's a good way to waste some time
until Old Father Crow finally wakes up, wants some plum
brandy and helps me get a clue about what to do next. You
might think that I should just exercise my brain and figure
it out on my own, right? No way. If I were to figure it out,
and go ahead and make some arrangements without con-
sulting him — let's just say, Old Father would let me know
of his disapproval in obvious ways.

I scrounged the money out of my pockets and settled
myself across from Madame Zalenskaya. She gave me this
intensely campy stare, caressing the cards in a manner no
doubt meant to be feline. I turned my eyes away from her
too-visible cleavage while she shuffled the cards. She drew.

I felt the unmistakeable tingle of magic. Once you've
felt it, you'd never miss it. Somewhere between a sudden
static shock and the taste of hot chocolate, for me at least.
I deliberately suffocated my own response, hoping she
wouldn't notice my nipples standing out like pebbles.
Madame Z went on reading the cards — the Devil, the
High Priestess (no big surprises for me so far), the Page of
Coins, blah blah blah. All totally accurate, worthy of a
true magic-wielder, but nothing I didn't already know.
The power flowed around the Celtic cross layout, tickling
my nodes sensually. I started to get the itch to drum.
Typical. Old Father always wakes up when I am in the
middle of something else. If I have the shits, he wants to
go out for a beer. Guess who wins that argument.

Anyway, Madame Z finally nattered on to the oh-so-
pretentious conclusion of her spiel. I thanked her. As I got


up, I leaned on her shoulder and let her feel my own power.
The power going out feels like waves rushing around my
ankles, like a feather boa, like getting good oral sex. Ma-
dame Z's head snapped up, and for a second her eyes shone
yellow as Baltic amber. I stared back calmly so she could see
I wasn't attacking her. Then I walked off down the street to
answer the call for beer that you-know-who was bound to be
wanting, the drunken old fart.

Abouta week later I woke up and realized that Madame
Z really had shown me my future. This was fucking Califor-
nia. I didn't need a day job as a Sunday school teacher at
Byul Duk Soong Baptist Church. I could just hang out my
shingle and shamanize, right out there in the open. This
blinding insight freaked me out so much I practically wet
the bed. At the back of my head, I could hear Old Father
laughing that creaky old laugh of his.

Depending Opon
the Kindness of Strangers

There's one way to stay cheap in the city and
find Sleepers who need help bad. Some do it
every winter as the wind starts to sharpen.

Just go downtown to a shopping center
and take off your clothes. Shout loudly about
| your mother or big snakes. Soon, some nice
people will come and attack you. Don't fight
too hard; they get awfully rough if you give
any excuse, but you have to fight some, or
they'll suspect you. These people will put you into a warm,
comfortable place where you'll get three free meals a day
and all the company you can stand and free drugs besides.
Who could refuse such a great deal? Many Sleepers you'll
meet there are desperately in need of your help.

The downside is having to sit through all that therapy, but
that's good practice for you, too, if you know what I mean. It's
anaughty kind of fun driving the shrinks crazy, even if it's not
nice. I've faced the sight of my own organs being devoured by
rats before my eyes. I can handle a little Jungian analysis. All
kidding aside, though, there is one serious downside. While
you're inside, they take away all your possessions. No hand-
made elk-hide drum, no bones, definitely no powdered bufo
sweat. You'll have to operate on your own steam. But when the
power's singing in your legs, pounding on the bottom of a
garbage can isall the music you really need. Besides, noonecan
take away your totem. Sometimes, you even wish they could.
Get that idea out of your head. The nice people who try to
"heal" you cannot break the covenant. Forget it. You're stuck.

Hiding in Plain Sight

The experience of initiation and psychic change can leave a shaman out. of touch with normal Western
behavior. He'd better dig out Emily Post and stimulate his memory if he ever wants to go back to town, though.
A shaman on the subway doesn't have to share his seat (except during rush hour, of course). It might be the
ozone scent of spirit power,.or more likely the stale reek of deer glands, but whatever the reason, it takes a little
effort to move unnoticed among Sleepers. It's a simple effort, using a skill a shaman ought to know: hiding the
true shape, Shamans know how to change their shapes to hunt spirits; wiser shamans have applied the same
skills to pass among Sleepers. Unmasked, a shaman often:makes Sleepers very uneasy.

Ifa shaman has settled into his role way off in a quiet backwater, surrounded by happy Siberian, Tungu or Dayak
tribesmen, he's got it made. He occupies a respected position in the tribe. He might even be supported by the tribe
in recompense for his services: He could marry, since anice tribal girl won't be put off by the occasional night attacks
of drumming or public displays of shamanizing. As.a ‘wise man once said,."Nice job, if you can get it."

Now let's talk about the rest of the world.

Experienced shamans say that the rule of thumb is, the closer you get to-an airport, the worse you'll be treated.
If you're actually in an aitport, don't call that raggedy sack your "medicine bundle." Call it your "valuable
collection. of quaint native artifacts," unless you want to‘spend a happy hour with airport security without your
pants. No rent-a-cop worth his.salt will let-some chanting, leaping, bear-grease-smeared freak onto the plane.
Wear a long-sleeved shirt to cover up those tattoos, and don't forget shoes. Camouflage-is key — if it's good

enough for nature's creatures, it's good enough for you.
yi

Once made, the effort pays off nicely. Any big city is a rich pool of Sleepers who need a'shaman's services.

Intuitive and wise, the shaman can make friends easily when he cares to, though the shallow, hypocritical
personalities of most Sleepers don't attract him. He can draw Sleepers to trust him as he can wild creatures.

Chapter One: A Life Apart 29

NOK

ESS ZZ

eee

The upside is that many of your fellow inmates will
happily try anything to get out. They will unflinchingly
agree to your ceremonies and not bat an eye at your
behavior. Not all of them are inside willingly, after all.
They remember their freedom and will fight for it, and
if chat means letting you sing and dance in their rooms,
no problem. It's also true that since Reagan cut funding
to so many institutions, most of what you'll find inside
will be people who really, really need help. Any help
they can get.
You have to be careful in your shamanizing in an
institution. If anybody catches you blowing sage smoke
around, you'll be in deep shit. Inside, no one is allowed.
to do any healing but people with badges and "author-
ity." They're very touchy about their "authority," too,
so don't go stepping on those toes unless you want to
get the Nurse Ratchett treatment. Practice safe
shamanizing, folks!

Man Child In the Promised Land _

I try to keep in contact with this soi-disant
"shaman" | ran across, one of those Dreamspeaker
characters. He's full of crazy ideas, but I like to listen
to him to hear how the wind is blowing up high. You
know what they say: "When elephants dance, the grass
gets trampled." Mostly I don't give a shit what those
fancy-pants are up to, but all that power sloshing around
gives me a big headache, so I like to know when to
rusticate myself. I'm telling you, when I hear about
activity at "Doisutep," I roll up my bivvy bag and head
for the Boundary Waters. I don't want to be around -
when the elephants dance.

The Burning Heart

Just as many shamans gain their vocation through a
painful illness or spiritual compulsion, so too they must
continually practice their art. Most shamans complain
of sickness or mental fuzziness if they :don't shamanize
regularly. The totem always has its own agenda. It is not
necessarily a benign entity, although it always looks out
for the shaman's. well-being; woe to the shaman who
somehow manages to overlook this brutal reality. Some-
times, the totem unabashedly coerces the shaman into
going along with its plans. The bottom. line is that
shamanizing is not.optional. The need to practice the
arts is like a dog that has to be walked every day or else
it gets frisky, then ageressive, then. finally you: come
home and find it's torn your bathroom to shreds.

If they resist the compulsion, some shamans expe-
rience a recurrence of the illness that forced them into
shamanism. Spirits, dreams, visions or acute pain tor-
ments them if they don't get busy and start drumming.

30 The Spirit Ways

a

a

The Red Shoes

It fucks up my attempts to be cool, if you
know what I mean. I mean, there I am trying
to relax and watch Bring Da' Funk, when I
hear my guardian urging me to dance. So I
don't want to, of course, knowing full well
what will happen. I hold back as long as |
can. Finally, as my windpipe starts squeezing
and icy sweat is pouring off me, I pop out of
my seat like a stuck pig.

Next thing, I start dancing, start chanting, sucking up
some of the stray spirits that are prowling around looking for
junkies to ride. I'm going "Heeeeey ow Uma, heeeeeey ow
ow," I'm leaping into the air, you know, standard shamanic
trance-dance coming on. The people on the stage all come to

_ahalt and watch me, but I can't stop now. Even as sweat starts

to leak into my eyes, Ican't help noticing that Savion Glover
has what looks suspiciously like a look of understanding on
his face. I make a mental note to look him up later.

I'm just getting into a groove — heeeeey ow Uma
ow — when three bulky ushers body-slam me into the
alley. Brand-new suede jacket, meet week-old cat urine.
And I wind up spending all night on the A train,
drumming out alcoholic demons until my arms shake
with exhaustion and my jeans are soaked with sweat.
Don't even ask about what my date had to say the next
day. Is this my idea of how to live? Not really, but the
elder shamans took my choice away from me when they
took me into the circle.

Chapter One: A Life Apart 31

Nig

IND

X

\

VA


Chapter Two:
The Tongue
of Spirits

Sleep fell upon him, washing his soul in a
brilliant, almost visible ecstasy. The serene
image of the grotto in which he sat, blurred
around him, trees like capricious brown strokes
: on green canvas. Deep within, he felt his soul
v3. Y detach from his physical being, a feeling al-
=A] most familiar but odd, like that of a word
we stuck on one's tongue. A moment passed, his
PY breathing becomi icker.
g ming quic
Suddenly, reality melted around him, rushing quickly by,
the feel of water swallowing a diver. Thrust into the lukewarm,
airy environment of the spirit world, he opened his eyes. Seeing
what appeared to be his body laying comatose, the Dreamer
began his walk into the unknown. The land sprang to life before
him, each step a leap into a virtual plethora of existence and

unspeakable being. Vibrant greens, dazzling reds, a shimmering
landscape lay before him, greeting him with a fragrance and
warmth that words failed to describe. The beauty, it seemed, had
devoured him, and he was shaken to the soul. Trying to cry, he
could only walk on, his virgin mind unable to comprehend this
foreign emotion.

Deeper and deeper he walked; the scenery began to change.
The luminescent glimmering light that once enveloped him gave
way toa bitter, tangible darkness. His heart and soul pierced with
a cold unknown, he shuddered, though still compelled to walk
on. Further and further he walked, frightened by the demented
images of tortured souls that passed him by. Humanity, he
thought, was being exposed as it truly was. Darker and darker it
got, the inky black nature of Man' s collective soul closing around
him, smothering him within its demonic folds.

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 33

a

EN eA

ZL 2

NG Ail

(
\

Fear gripped the traveler, his physical body twitching as
it lay hollow on the Earth. The darkness had consumed him,
light but a memory and joy only myth. Lo, before him
glimmered a small light on the horizon. Where before he had
moved slowly, the Dreamer now felt a sense of urgency. He
rushed toward the light within the darkness, feeling a passion-
ate desire to be touched by this energy that he'd never dreamed
of in waking life. Running now, every fiber of his being
longing for this light's gentle caress, his very essence racing to
it as if his soul had a mind of its own. Closer and closer the
light drew him near....

Finally, the Dreamer arrived at his goal. Sitting within the
wispy folds of the golden light was a woman, a woman whose
beauty rivaled, if not surpassed, the very cosmos. She looked
up at him, their souls meeting with their eyes. Suddenly, he

learned the secrets behind all that he'd seen. No, he didn' t learn
— he remembered. The knowledge poured over his mind, a
sweet enlightening shower of pure ecstasy. Then her gaze
became curious.

"I have shown you what I know,'
melodic voice. "Why are you still here?"

The Dreamer was caught off-guard by the question,
almost wondering why she needed to ask it. "I cannot bring
myself to leave your radiant presence, o Mother of the Ten
Thousand Things."

With infinite patience, she replied, "The longer you stay,
my child, the less of my radiance that remains. The time to stare
is done, the era of idle dreams over. Only the strong and
persevering are my servants. The time has come, my child — let
us Dream the world anew. Wake up!"

?

sang the woman's

Not Dead, but Dreaming

-| Some would say that they are outcasts; others
would call them charlatans, and still others
would say that they are merely primitive
fools, fools who know not the ignorance of
their ways. Well, look closer — closer at
yourself, at the world around you. Can you
deny the life of the world? Can you honestly
deafen yourself to the cries of our Mother?
Can you blind yourself to the vibrant and
luminescent colors of Gaia's Dream? Have you already?
For many, the answer "yes" to the latter question is
understandable. The Others have gone far to keep the
world at large unaware of its own insignificance, keep it
unaware of the fact that it is but an infinitesimally small
drop in the incomprehensible sea of realms. The unfortu-
nate majority has not even had the idea that there is
something "beyond," nor has it ever had the ability and
desire to experience this infinite wealth of bliss. We,
however, have. We are shamans; this is our world.

Hearing the Voices

The world of the shaman is rich and complex, both
religiously and magically. An oral tradition, shamanism is
passed from generation to generation, embellished by new
ideas and influences, and perhaps this accounts for the
diversity. Or, perhaps, the diversity exists because of the
shamanic worldview, one in which all things are alive and
all things, biological or otherwise, have a spiritual nature.
The former is the most likely explanation, although the
latter certainly plays its part, as we shall see.

It is commonly held that the shaman lives in two
worlds, that of the physical and that of the spirit. This is a
misunderstanding. The shaman lives in one world, a world

34 The Spirit Ways

that draws no distinction between the so-called physical
and spiritual realms. For them, waking life is the world's
Dream and, despite (or possibly in spite of) the world's
sterilization through technology, the shaman is still more
intimately connected to that Dream than most in modern
times. One wonders how good of a thing that really is,
however, as even the world's spiritual nature is being
tainted with the stain of "progress."

The shaman feels the pain of the planet, hears the
cries of the Mother calling to him in the darkness of the
wild, those lands untouched as of yet by the Technocracy's
digital hand. Now, on the brink of being overrun by the
Western world, these lands roar in retaliation. One can
see this on the nightly news. The very planet itself thrashes
in revolt, calling up cataclysmic earthquakes and terrible
storms side-by-side with drought and famine, most likely
in an attempt to curtail the Mother's progressive rape, or
perhaps to kill the problem completely. While ecologists
and the Traditions debate the answer, the shaman already
knows; we have angered the spirits and the mighty Mother.
We must pay for our sins.

Filled with love for the Mother and Her children and
the rage of the planet, it is the path of a healer that the
shaman walks. Locally, the shaman acts as wise man and
doctor to his dying peoples. Universally, the shaman
works to burn away the cancer of "progress," to bring the
Dream back to its glorious state of beauty and splendor.
While their wrath seems violent and retrogressive to the
modern world, the shaman knows better than to let pity
for the offenders enter his heart, lest he be led astray. The
shaman has heard the will of the Mother through the cries
of Her children, and takes up his quest as healer in earnest,
one thought guiding his actions: We have angered the
Mother; we must pay for our sins.


‘A Healer and Her Magic

| Poised on the brink of two worlds, the shaman
4 has only herself and the spirits to utilize in her
| path as a healer. Her relationship to the spirit
world is important, both in her duty to the
Mother and in her responsibility to her tribe
and planet. Playing both ends, she hears the
desires of the Earth, performing her tasks in
accord with this, and she offers supplication to

i d the Mother on behalf of her people, asking for
no more than the ability to survive. In fact, the whole of the
shaman's world centers on her relationship with the spirits,
and as such, she treats them with a respect that is commonly
described as reverence. Never will you find a shaman that is
"using the spirits"; more often than not, the spirits are using
her. Her role is that of a servant. She must learn to serve well
if she and her peoples are to survive.

The Nature of the
Oniverse, Shaman Style

Understanding the cosmology of the shaman is essen-
tial in understanding the role she sees herself playing.
Common to all shamanic lore is the idea of three primary

realms, that of the Earth, the Sky and the Underworld.

These three regions of reality are connected by way of the
Axis Mundi, the spiritual center of the universe, seen in
various cultures as the World Tree, the Tree of Life or, in
other instances, the Cosmic Mountain. Symbolically
speaking, it is climbing this tree that allows the shaman
access to the spirit worlds.

In reality, the Axis Mundi is a symbolic represen-
tation of the link that exists in all things, the link
between spiritual and physical realities, those facets of
reality of which all things partake. In the modern
world, most fail to recognize this aspect of self, and thus
are blind to its potential, or even to its existence. The
shaman, however, understands all too well the power of
the Axis Mundi and its use has become almost second
nature for her.

The Sacred Center
in Various Cultures

Every culture has its own view of the Axis Mundi, but
the World Tree is found in just about every myth across the
globe. Most commonly it is symbolized as a cosmic tree, an
image that can be found in places as varied as Africa, Siberia
and even among ancient Germans. Naturally, the exact
aspects of this symbol are unique to each culture. For

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 35

Se

NG Ail

IZ

Shamanic Verbena?

One interesting parallel between shamans and the
Verbena is the practice of keeping and guarding a
sacred tree that symbolizes the Cosmic Tree, the Axis
Mundi. It is not known which of the Traditions started
this practice, though after much ‘speculation, many
have come to the conclusion that shamanic peoples
began the custom. In fact, some believe that the Ver-
bena sprang from ancient forms of European shamanism,
though none can verify this. Still, the naturalistic ties
of Verbena and shamans keep them close in many ways
— some Verbena are still shamans.

instance, the Yakut of Siberia see the World Tree as having
eight branches and standing at the golden center of the
planet, whereas the Osmanli Turks imagined the tree as
having a million leaves, on which the fate of every person
was written.

Another common image is that of the Cosmic Moun-
tain, found also among many cultures of the world. Often
times it is described as a mountain at the center of the
world, the navel of the sky and usually has the gods of the
culture sitting atop. The Tatars of the Siberian Altai
region see this Cosmic Mountain as the golden center of
the Universe, and their supreme deity watches the world
from this point of points.

Other symbols for the sacred center include ropes,
pillars, the "Sky Nail"of the North Asian Samoyed and
variously termed "holes in the sky." All symbols, regardless
of origin, tend to share common characteristics, however.
The main idea is that the object touches the earth, the sky
and the Underworld in some way all at once. Thus, the
shaman, in his various rituals of initiation and healing,
generally climbs it. Remember, though, that the sacred
center is merely a symbol...

The Earth Realm

Describing the Earth Realm in terms of the Traditions'
view of the Tellurian is a difficult task. Each of the three
realms seem to have aspects in common with the various
parts of the Umbra. For instance, the Earth Realm can be
seen as a combination of the physical planet, the Penumbra
and the Middle Umbra. As one can see, converging these
two systems of thought can be troublesome.

In their own terms, describing the worlds of shamanic
cosmology becomes much easier. Remembering that sha-
mans make no teal distinction between the physical and
spiritual, we can safely say that the Earth Realm is the
planet and its constituent parts, ranging from the most
subtle of energies — the spirit — to the most rigid of
patterns, or matter.

The Heavens Above

Moving onward and upward, we come to the realm
of the Sky, also known as the heavens. Seen as the

36 The Spirit Ways

habitation of the gods in much of shamanic lore, the Sky
Realm is the proverbial "higher self," in a sense. It is
through ascending to this sacred place that the shaman
may attain the highest of truths, as well as the gifts of
divinity. Much like the High Umbra in the Telluric
explanation of reality, the Sky Realm is also a world
where ideas take on lives of their own, and it also houses
the Dreamscape, known to many as Maya. Each different
culture has its own view and peculiarities of the Sky
Realm; however, the aforementioned description serves
us well for the moment.

Land of the Dead

Finally is the Underworld, land of darkness and death.
Although it could be compared to the Christian idea of
Hell, the Underworld is markedly different in shamanic
lore. The Underworld is the final resting place of many
human souls, but rarely is it seen as a place of torture —
except, perhaps, to the newly departed, those who can't
accept their new "life." Most common is the pervading
theme of challenge and temptation, the Underworld be-
ing the flame by which the shaman is tempered. Also, it is
here that the shaman many times quests, particularly for
the lost soul of an ill person. It is believed that one of the
many sources of illness is the loss of one's soul. Stolen away
by theft, a soul might only be recovered if the shaman does
battle with an evil spirit. The careless wanderings of a
capricious spirit sometimes take the soul to other places as
well, in which case the shaman must coax it to return.

Roaming the Planes

Traversing the planes, and the methods thereof, are
what make the shaman truly different from the world
around him. Walking the spirit world comprises a large part
of his magical style, and it is what earns him the respect of
his fellow tribesmen. In common shamanic parlance, travel-
ing to and from the various worlds is a very different process
than that taken by Tradition mages. It is seen as a journey
through a primal wilderness, a journey fraught with danger
and peril, where around every corner awaits some hidden
nemesis who would stop the shaman in his quest. This is
especially true for travel to the Underworld, where many a
malicious spirit waits in anticipation to devour the flesh of
the living.

There is rarely an event, magically speaking, in which
the shaman does not spirit quest. This is why it is of grave
importance that his relationship with the spirit world be a
good one, lest he should find many of its inhabitants
opposed to his journey. Thus, from initiation onward, the
shaman finds himself learning about and befriending many
beings in the realm of spirit.

The Nature of Spirits

The true nature of spirits has fueled raging debates for
centuries. Mages and Sleepers alike have sought to explain

a S

the mysterious realm of spirit, and explanations vary about
as much as their explainers do. Views on the nature of
spiritual reality range from the total denial of its existence
(as is the case with mainstream scientific theory), to the
belief that the spirit realm is not only real, but more real
than physical reality (an idea commonly held throughout
the religions of the world, as well as the Traditions).

Despite their different views of spiritual reality, one
idea is shared by all of the Traditions. It is the fact that,
regardless of whether or not the spirit world is objectively
real, it functions as if it is. In fact, the only group of mages
that doesn't accept this are the Virtual Adepts, who often
scoff at the idea of spiritual reality, but this sentiment is
usually held only by younger initiates. It is only when they
actually encounter a spirit that they begin to believe.

In brief, there are four major ideas concerning the
world of spirits:

This is how it is....

Those who adopt this view believe that spirits and the
spirit world do not exist. They believe that spirits were all
that primitive people had to explain the world around
them, and that now, in our enlightened age of science and
reason, such nonsense is no longer needed to understand
the world. It is the physical laws and processes of science
that run the world, not the whims of spirits. This is the most
common belief among the vast majority of the

"civilized"world (which is no doubt the Technocracy's
doing). The only Tradition that staunchly supports this
attitude is the Virtual Adepts.

Molded of the Mind

Pioneered by the-Order of Hermes and later made

"scientific" by psychologist Carl Jung by way of his collec-
tive unconscious idea, is the theory that spiritual reality is
created directly by the myths and beliefs of humanity. This
would account for the common occurrence of deities and
other such beings in the Umbra, which are all obvious
human creation, as the Order says. The Cult of Ecstasy has
recently begun to adopt this philosophy, but most, like their
Wiccan cousins, still believe the old ways. Numerous neo-
pagans and their peers have adopted this view as well, but
the Verbena still hotly debate the validity of this approach
to spiritualism.

Forged in the Fire

The most common approach to shamanic spiritualism
is the basic tenet that the spirits, human and otherwise,
were created in the primordial fire of the Pure Ones'
explosive shattering. These beings, under the Celestines'
plan, were named and given purpose in their existence, just
as every human being. Shamans, as well as many Euthanatos,
most Cultists and nearly all Dreamspeakers, believe that it
is merely human pride to believe that we alone are the sole
inheritors of divine purpose.

To account for the fact that many "human myths" are
found in the Dreamland, the believers of this theory state

that humans were inspired by these beings to create myths
and lore. They point to the fact that relatively few arche-
types account for the vast majority of deities in the many
human pantheons, and that any variations among peoples
are merely cultural interpretations.

It is worth noting that the Celestial Chorus cleaves to
this interpretation of most spirits. For years, members of its
order have scorned the peoples of the Dreamspeaker Tradi-
tion, and other "primitive" groups as well, all the while
believing in the same basic structure. Perhaps now they are
finally seeing the error of their ways, but even the small
steps taken so far haven't been sufficient recourse for the
Chorus' victims. Many among the Dreamspeakers and
Verbena, as well as many shamanic peoples, still seek
revenge for past ills wrought upon their kind.

The Hollow Ones also believe that the spirit world is
real — as much as they can reach a consensus about
anything. As they typically discover their Avatars and
Awaken viaa spiritual experience, they have little room for
doubt in the existence of the spirit cosmology.

What TheyDon't Want You to Know

On the flip side, the Technocracy has its own views of
spirit. This is the fourth major theory, that of the Others.

In recent decades the Technocracy has made remark-
able strides in a "new" field they label dimensional science.
In effect, this new field of science allows "spiritual realms"
to fit into the Technocratic paradigm. Technocrats be-
lieve that the energies involved in producing these other
dimensions are of more subtle frequencies than those
previously measured and, as such, have proven difficult to
detect given past methods. Now the Union is beginning to
see that these other dimensions are the foundations for
our physical reality, an energy landslide of sorts that spills
into the physical realm.

As the Technocrats explore and pattern the various

"subdimensions," they realize more and more the danger of
what they're doing. If the average person were to find out
that there are indeed realms of existence beyond our own,
safe, physical world, there could be hell to pay in spades for
the Technocracy. This would throw all they have been
working for right out their sterile window. Not good.

Thus, the Technocracy is carefully guarding their se-
cret knowledge and never intends to let this information
become public. This may be harder than they thought,
however, as the Sons of Ether and, to a lesser degree, the
Virtual Adepts are catching on. As it stands, the Technoc-
racy can only hope that the Sons' reputation for "spoof
science" will precede them in regards to the common
populace of the world. If not, the time-table for the Pogrom
may have to be advanced a little...

In the End

Perhaps the debate on this subject will never end as
many mages don't even really care to know the truth. For

SF Two: The Tongue of Spirits 37

IND


NG Ail

"A

them, the actuality of the situation does not matter; the
simple truth is that, regardless of the spirit world's nature,
it works. Those few mages who do bother pondering the
question are, to their dismay, met with adversity. Usually
when a spirit is asked as to the truth of its nature, the reply
is, "Does it really matter?"

Vv v
Playing Op Paradigm

So, what does all this information mean for players?
It is a basic starting point for how characters view, and
thus, interact with the Other Side. Some time during the
development of any character, players should take the
time to consider how his character views the spirit world.
For instance, is she a Hermetic mage that holds true to
the Order's paradigm? If so, she will most likely treat
spirits more like objects or tools than actual beings. This
could be of major importance should the spirit be touchy
or easily offended.

It is recommended that the player come up with his or
her own particular twist on spirit world paradigm. In the
above example, perhaps our Hermetic mage believes that
most spirits are a psychological construct, but that some of
the more powerful and ancient of spirits actually exist
independent of humanity. Maybe she just doesn't deal with

spirits at all, seeing them as crutches for the weak. The
choice is yours.

For the Storyteller, paradigm presents an opportunity
to develop stories and plots based directly on character
motivation. What if the character experiences a situation
that requires her to reconsider her paradigm? A situation
like this, if done right, should affect the character trau-
matically. In the real world, when one is forced to take
their beliefs into consideration, it is often a painful expe-
rience. This should be no different for mages; after all,
they are human too.

When using a player's view of the spirit world as the
fulcrum for this type of plot, consider the idea of forcing a player
toconsider his view of spirits. One possibility is that ofa Virtual
Adept encountering a spirit for the first time. What will he do,
how will he react? Will he treat it as real, or will he wonder
what he ate earlier? To make things more interesting, what if
this shade is the wandering spirit of a dead loved one?

Keep in mind that many mages don't have an iron-clad
definition of what a spirit actually is. For many, the knowl-
edge that it exists and that it can be used is good enough. A
good guideline is that the answers to the many riddles of the
spirit world are just as elusive as spirit itself. It has been
called the World of Mists, has it not?

Dream Dances

In working their magic, shamans have found
the best route to the spirit world is ecstasy.
4 Throughout the various cultures of the
world, the methods and practices of attain-
jing the proper ecstatic state are many
indeed, but most fall into two general cat-
egories. First is the use of mind-altering
drugs, such as peyote, which allow the sha-

fs J man direct contact with the spirit world via
hallucinations, visions and dreams. The other most com-
mon method is that of ritual music and dancing. In these
rituals, the singing, dancing and drumming build to
ecstatic climaxes, which in turn call the spirits, or else
allow the shaman to transcend the physical world, enter-
ing into that of the spirits. Often, the shaman's ritual is
a combination of these two styles.

Ecstasy Brew

Psychoactive drugs have been used since time imme-
morial for making contact with the spirit world. All around
the world, in many different cultures, plants have been used
to make ecstatic brews for centuries, and this tradition is
still practiced today, especially by more primitive Cultists.
From the famous peyote cactus of the southwestern United
States to the various forms of the little-known henbane

38 The Spirit Ways

plant throughout the world, hallucinogens are used by
many to reach the Other Side.

The ideology surrounding the use of psychotropic plants
in shamanic ritual stems from the concept that all things have
spiritual counterparts, including plants. When the shaman
consumes these hallucinogens, it is believed that he actually
ingests the plant's spirit, and thus the visions received are
"teachings" from the plant. In the shaman's worldview, these
plant-induced visions aren't hallucinations; the visions are
sight into the spirit world, the true nature of things.

In typical shamanic ritual, where song and dance are
used ecstatically, the shaman is frequently "told" by spirits
the nature of the given situation; psychoactive plants
"show" the shaman his problem, often in vivid details,
visions that rival the natural splendor of the physical world.
In a sense, the shaman becomes possessed by the plant-
spirit and can then travel as the spirit travels, see what the
spirit sees, and know what the spirit knows. In this way, use
of the shaman's brew seems more suited for ritual. It offers
first-hand experience as opposed to asecond-hand account.
However, this is not to say that a shaman using this
particular method will be more successful. Indeed, what a
shaman does with the information gained from the spirit
world is of crucial importance. It is often believed, though,
that this method yields far more believable results.

a


a

Ayahuasca (And Other Fine
Drinks Served by Shamans)

The methods of preparing psychoactive plants for use in
ritual are varied and often include cultural overtones, but
generally the hallucinogen is boiled and then brewed, making
a tealike concoction of ecstasy. Other than straight ingestion,
this is the most often seen route to "psychedelic spirituality."

The brewing process is always done by the shaman, as
many of the plants involved in such ecstatic events are
extremely poisonous and any mistake in made may result in
a one-way ticket to the Other Side. Knowledge of ecstatic
brews is passed from generation to generation, shaman to
shaman, in order to ensure the safety of the participants, or
this, at least, is intended. In recent times the shaman's brew
is becoming rarer as the many institutions who would see
drug use banned have made attempts to stop these prac-
tices. Most, so far, have failed.

There are many plants used in these ecstatic esca-
pades. In North America we find two of the most famous
psychotropic plants in the world: the peyote cactus and
the psilocybin mushroom, two plants used for centuries to
attain visions of the Other Side. In fact, the former has an
entire religion attached to it in the southwestern US,
which developed as a mix of Celestial Chorus beliefs and
the lore of the native Navaho peoples concerning the
peyote cactus and its powers. Moving north and east
within the United States, we find the powwow tradition,
a mix of native shamanic practice and Verbena magical
knowledge. These peoples have, in the past, used the plant
atropa belladonna, also known as deadly nightshade. This
practice is almost never seen now, as the plant has ac-
quired a rather grim reputation. It is thought that the use
of deadly nightshade was imported from Europe by Ver-
bena escaping Inquisition persecution, along with use of
the henbane plant, another deadly brew.

The rainforests of the Amazon also provide many
plants with psychotic effects on the consciousness, chief
among them the plant banisteria cappi, the "vision vine,"
known variously as ayahuasca in Peru, caapi in Brazil and
natema in Ecuador. This is perhaps the most often-used
plant in the Amazon region, and the teachings of this plant
form the basis for much of the shamanic experience here.
Many other plants, some known to science, some not, are
used in this region, though the nature of many of these
experiences are not known. As for use of the ayahuasca, the
Peruvian shaman exercises a degree of control when using
this plant. It is said that he can dictate the nature of his
visions via the use of icaros, magical songs of power. With
these songs the shaman can influence his visions to achieve
a specific end, such as curing disease, calling lost spirits and
even performing marriages.

In other regions of the world, use of hallucinogens
among shamanic peoples is rare indeed. This is primarily

because of the lack of psychotropic plants in most temper-
ate areas. One plant used throughout the world, however,
is cannabis sativa, a mild hallucinogen commonly known
as marijuana. This plant has had reported use in places as
varied as the north-central United States, Europe, Asia
and even in the Arabic deserts of the Middle East. This
plant, unlike most psychoactives, was used to enhance
other forms of ecstasy, however, and not to produce
ecstasy in its own right. Used' in conjunction with more
standard ritual, like that described below, cannabis is a
world-class hallucinogen for ecstasy.
Can I Take Your Order?

With the advent of many new types of "highs" in the
world, modern city shamans are turning to less traditional
forms of psychoactives to achieve ecstasy. In fact, one of the
most common used of these new drugs is called XTC, or
ecstasy. Other drugs, like imitation cannabis, various phar-
maceuticals and LSD, are also taking their turns in the
hands of neo-shamans, and many are meeting with surpris-
ing success. Of course, there are many established institutions
who look down on this practice, including the many "Just
say no" organizations, as well as those who prefer purer
forms of the "old ways."

Plants For Those
Who Like fo Stay at Home

Not all plants used in shamanic practice are psychoac-
tive. Indeed, a lot of the flora used in ritual can be seen as
living symbols as these plants have been assigned associa-
tions with various aspects of the spirit world. These
correspondences have been developed through trial and
error conducted throughout the centuries. For instance,
apples, as well as basil, are used in rites of love.

Ordinarily the mystic attributes of plants are in some
way telated to the appearance, properties, or uses of the
plant. Cayenne, the extremely potent pepper, is used as a
curative among many native tribes of the southern United
States, for example, as it is seen as burning away the
offending malice. It should be noted, though, that while
psychotropic plants are unquestionably seen as teachers
throughout the world, other plant associations are hardly,
if ever, universal. Tobacco, used for centuries among those
in the US, has been labeled a gift of the gods by native
tribes, whereas most modern practitioners deem it a horrid
scourge, symbolizing addiction and death.

Augmenfation: The
True Art of Shamanism

The shaman rarely uses his own skills beyond his ability
to make contact with the spirit world. More often he
augments his own powers in a variety of ways. Commonly,
the shaman aids himself with plants, which are believed to

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 39

ID.NGD7

tS ZS


NG Ail

C
\

confer specific qualities to the shaman's rite. In effect, these
plants (as well as other items, including, but not limited to,
rocks, crystals, bones of various dead animals/humans and
metallic objects) increase the shaman's rating in a specific
Sphere, or otherwise decrease the difficulty of performing a
particular ritual or spell.

When using objects for augmentation, the item must
be handled in a specific way. For instance, when using
plants, the shaman may have to brew a tea, eat a specific
part of the plant, or make a satchel (called a gris-gris bag)
containing the powdered remains of the plant. Objects
used this way can only be used once, and it's generally
required that the object be found in some sort of quest or
under some mystically significant condition, such as on
the night of a full moon. In more moder shamanic
practice, these last two conditions are often dropped;
going to the store and buying whatever is needed suffices
to their more practical minds.

The other source of augmentation are the inhabit-
ants of the spirit world themselves. In this type of
augmentation, the shaman is possessed by a particular
otherworldly entity who then acts through the shaman,
enhancing his abilities and, in some cases, providing
access to Spheres the shaman does not know. In these
instances of augmentation, the shaman is very expected
to provide some service or other payment to the spirit
involved, usually in the form of sacrifice. If no payment
is forthcoming, the spirit enacts his own form of retribu-
tion against the indebted shaman, a fate feared almost
more than death.

All this talk of augmentation is primarily directed at
shaman charactets, but there is really nothing stopping any
character from augmenting himself. Many of the Traditions
use various forms of augmentation in their work. The
Verbena and the Cult of Ecstasy are two prime examples of
this, as well as the Dreamspeakers and Euthanatos. Again,
as with paradigm, the choice to augment is up to the player,
but it should keep in line with the role he is playing. After
all, the Virtual Adept carrying around a four-leaf clover is
likely to get laughed at by his elitist friends....

What this all means to the Storyteller should be clear:
augmentation is a wonderful way to bend the rules a bit,
but this bending should always have some price. It should
almost never be an easy thing for the shaman to augment
himself, otherwise who'd want to go the slow path of
learning the Spheres for themselves? Keeping a sense of
balance in the area of augmentation is the best route for
the Storyteller. Generally speaking, the quest to obtain
the "augmenter" should be roughly equal to the power of
the augmented effect. In the end, as with all aspects of the
game, the ultimate decision (even to include augmenta-
tion in the game) is the Storyteller's. Some Storytellers
may not like the idea that a shaman with Life 1 can heal
that horrible wound inflicted on his friend just by making

40 The Spirit Ways

a good deal with the spirits, and that is fine. The Story-
teller may find that the middle ground is better, such as
that no shaman may be augmented more than two points
above his total Spheres. In the end, do what works for you
and your game.

Waking the Dead

A shaman deals with many spirits along the way in
her career. Eventually, certain of these spirits become
her true companions, and it is these spirits she comes to
rely upon. In her rituals, the shaman attempts to call her
spirit helper, otherwise known as a totem, by way of her
song and dance. These songs of hers, often called icaros,
as well as the rhythm she plays on her drum, are generally
unique to each spirit, and they act to summon a particu-
lar entity, separating it from the massive host of
Otherworldly denizens.

When the spirit is finally summoned to the ritual area,
the shaman usually falls into an ecstatic trance, generally
brought on by the chants and dancing. She then begins
communicating with the spirits in the form of a monotone
dialogue, which can often be a grueling experience as she
attempts to persuade the spirit into providing the requested
information or services. Often the spirit is asked to diagnose
the cause of a problem and then offer a cure, or otherwise is
asked to augment the shaman with its powers.

This part comprises the main bulk of the ritual, and can
last hours or, in certain cases, days. It is very physically and
mentally taxing to the shaman, and during this portion of
her magic dance she may appear to be in pain or totally
oblivious to the world around her. This is perhaps why most
shamans practice their ritual in front of an audience, as
safeguard should something go wrong.

The last stage of the ritual, which may be combined
with the previous, is that of payment. This is almost
invariably a sacrifice of some sort, and this sacrifice can
take many forms. One common example, and the one
considered most abhorrent, is that of a living sacrifice, in
which an animal, or, more rarely, a human, is slain as a
present to the spirits. This practice apparently has influ-
ences from both the Euthanatos and the Verbena, as the
main focus is on the type of creature being slain and the
blood involved in the affair.

The death and blood of a creature are not always the
sacrifice demanded. Other forms of "sacrifice" include ritual
infliction of pain to oneself, such as walking on hot coals or
piercing the body with metallic objects, as is common prac-
tice among the Bon Po shamans of Tibet and among the
various tribes of Africa and South America. More on the safe
side, and much easier to perform, is the sacrifice of ritual
fasting and the cleansing or purifying of one's body and soul.
While this practice is becoming rarer now, it has been seen
in the shamanic rites of ancient Europe and China, as well as
among many peoples in the Middle East and the Amazon.


Elements of the Dance

Among the diverse shamanistic cultures of the world,
many common elements are found in the ecstatic dance.
Naturally, the specifics of the dance vary from culture to
culture, but certain tools and methods are used the world
over. Regardless of what the shaman is actually wearing,
speaking or doing, one goal is achieved — entering into the
proper state of being in which to deal with the spirits and
their world.

What Should! Wear?

When choosing what clothes to wear during the dance,
the shaman is hardly guided by the fashion sense of pop
culture. The costume he wears is sacred dress, constructed
specifically for the purpose of being used in ritual. This
costume is often embellished with symbolic elements pecu-
liar to the culture, and is many times infused with the power
of various spirits which enchant the clothes in much the
same way that various plants are used to augment the
shaman's powers, making them fit for use in ritual.

A Little on the Top

Certain aspects of the costume are found anywhere in
the world. One chief example is the shaman's cap or
headdress, an item that many believe is crucial to the
practice of shamanism. Most Siberian shamans feel that
magic is almost impossible to the shaman should he not don
his cap. In most northern climes, the symbolism of this cap
involves the horns of an animal, commonly a stag, though
feathers are more universal. Sometimes, as among the
Buryat shamans of Mongolia, the cap' can also signify a
rudimentary ranking system. The Buryat shaman, after
initiation, receives a cap shaped like the head of a lynx.
After his fifth ablution, or ritual cleansing, he then receives
an iron casque adorned with horns.

A note about headgear: the most common theme of the
shaman's costume is the idea that it "transforms" the wearer
into an animal, or, at very least, it grants the shaman that
animal's powers. Thus, the exact nature of the cap is
determined by the animal that the whole costume tries to
portray. It is safe to assume that caps with horns correspond
with costumes representing stag or reindeer, such as those
of the Mongolian Buryat, and that those caps dressed with
feathers are worn by cultures who seek to emulate birds, like
the many native tribes of the Americas, as well as in Siberia.

Those With Something to Hide

In some cultures, especially those of the North Ameri-
can southwest, masks are worn in place of the cap. Rather
than seeking to become an animal in their rites, these
shamans opt to become ancestors, heroes of legend or even
gods. Masks are also used to conceal the shaman's identity
as he deals with unfavorable spirits and those that "dwell in
places unspeakable and dead." In the modern era, however,
masks are almost unheard of. It is thought that this is due to

LSS 7

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 4]

Se *


NE Al

\

the fact that the costume is indeed an advanced mask of
sorts, as it has the ability to change the identity of the
shaman in his rituals, the ultimate point of costume in the
first place.

Spirit Style

Following suit, the next object, and perhaps the
most culturally varied, is the caftan, or ritual garment.
Primarily made from the skins of sacred animals, includ-
ing the stag and goat, the caftan provides the main bulk
of the costume. This isn't always the case, however;
many Eskimo tribes practice in ritual nudity, alehough
they are even found wearing the ritual cap and belt.
Essentially rather plain by itself, the caftan is often
enhanced with objects such as metal disks, feathers or
long strands of cloth that represent snakes or hair, among
other things.

The caftan is used in ritual to represent many distinct
ideas. First and foremost, the material and design of its
construction often corresponds to a member within the
animal kingdom, typically a bird, stag or bear, with the
bird being most common. There are instances within
specific cultures in which this animal changes from ritual
to ritual, as in the Tungus peoples of North Asia, where
reindeer and duck are interchangeable, fitting the situa-
tion. In any case, the animal choice has some intrinsic
meaning, from what the shaman is doing to what particu-
lar totems she has acquired.

Apart from the main animal the costume represents,
the long strands of cloth adorning the dress also possess
a certain significance. Whether interpreted as snakes or
hair, these strands generally signify the concentrated
magical power of the shaman. The choice of snake or
hair is usually a cultural one decided by the frequency in
which the tribe encounters snakes. In general, tribes
found in regions of the far north use hair to symbolize
magical strength, though the symbol of the snake is not
unheard of. In cases where a shaman of the north bears
images of snakes, it is usually the result of the inevitable
cultural sharing of ideas, but more on the subject of
cultural interaction later.

Other articles of clothing donned by the shaman in
her rituals include boots and belts. Typically these items
serve to flesh out the animal form implied by the cap and
caftan. Returning to the Tungus, you find boots that
resemble bird's feet. The important thing to remember is
that the costume functions as a prop-to "magically"
transform the shaman into a spirit being, thus making
her capable of the journeys to the Dreamland she is so
famous for.

What DoI Bring?

While the elements of the shaman's costume vary
significantly from culture to culture, there are many
tools common to the trade of spirit dealing that can be

42 The Spirit Ways

oe

found the world over. These items serve as trademark
objects in shamanism, and the methods of using these
tools, along with their purpose, seem to have almost no
variation among cultures.

Shake, Rattle and Bang

The melodies a shaman sings while making contact
with the world beyond are important in selecting what
spirit she wishes to assist her. However, it is the rhythm
that is the most essential part to the affair, and thus the
drum (or rattle or tambourine, depending on culture)
has risen to paramount importance in shamanic cul-
ture. The drum functions in a manifold way, one case
being its use in the initiation process, where the future
shaman is carried to the "center of the universe" to
produce her drum with a branch fallen from the Cosmic
Tree. Other primary uses within ritual include provid-
ing a focus for the shaman to concentrate and steady
her mind on, aid in "flying" to the spirit world and the
aforementioned use of making contact with and bind-
ing spirits to the shaman's will.

In her use of the drum as a focus, the shaman tends
to start the beat slow, and the song begins at a low, almost
harsh whisper. Gradually, she increases the intensity,
and now the dancing begins. As the melody takes a
definitive shape, the beat begins rising in intensity to
compliment her now loud singing. She starts to scream,
almost howl, her voice taking a forced, shrill quality, and
now the banging of her drum rises to an almost ecstatic
climax, her soul set free to fly. She is now ready to deal
with the spirits.

A cettain degree of-reverence is associated with the
shaman's drum, and thus much symbolic significance is
attached to the drum. As was said earlier, in the initiation
process the drum is symbolically carved from the Tree of
Life. The actual wood used in its construction comes from
a tree designated by the spirits, insuring the qualities of
purity and sacredness, ideas common to myths concerning
the World Tree. Such justifies the belief chat the drum is
sacred as the shaman was guided by the spirits in the drum's
construction. It is through this association with the Axis
Mundi and the spirits that the drum has given the shaman
his power to "ascend to heaven."

Costume Jewelry

Dealing with spirits is not always a simple business.
Many times the shaman encounters hostile, unknown
beings in his spirit,quests and, as such, he takes measures
to ensure these encounters are "safer," wearing many
metallic disks, chains and what not. These metallic items,
typically disks, carry with them symbols of protection and
guidance. Even the fact that they are metal implies this
protective quality.

Upon each disk there is usually an animal figure or
various planetary symbols, such as that of Father Sun
or Sister Moon. In general, the symbols are appropri-

My

fia " Doug ee oo

ID.

ate to both culture and also to those spirits the shaman
wishes to make contact with. Regardless of what sym-
bols these disks actually bear, it is only when the
shaman dances that they are "activated." The clang-
ing flurry of noise serves to frighten unwanted spirits
away and to heighten the shaman's ecstasy, much like
the drum or rattle. It is also common tradition that the
disks serve as a spiritual armor in a sense, deflecting
the attacks of hostile entities.

Other types of embellishments worn to substantiate
the costume include various metal rods and designs. For
instance, the Yakut costume of Siberia includes adorn-
ments of iron that imitate ribs, arm bones and miscellaneous
organs, such as the liver and the genitalia. Feathers are
also among the many embellishments that trim the
shaman's costume, as well as bones, rocks, staves (that
often bear the heads of animals at the tip) and different
types of plant matter.

Who's There?

In rites of healing, the shaman is almost always with his
patient, and they are surrounded by the tribe, which serves
both as an audience and as a safeguard should something go
wrong. In more esoteric journeys, the shaman is usually
seated by himself, away from the activities of the tribe. In
any case, the shaman is always accompanied by spirit
companions and their ilk.

Totems, a Shaman's Best Friends

In her journeys to the Other Side, the shaman deals
with many spirits that she must coax or otherwise convince
to aid her in her work. Most of these transactions are one-
time deals in which the spirit, in one way or another,
augments the shaman in return for some service or sacrifice.
However, there is one spirit that the shaman deals with
often enough that they form a bond and friendship. Often,
this spirit was in some way responsible for her Awakening.
This is her totem spirit.

For the spirit to qualify as a totem, the shaman must
know the being's True Name, and the two must trust one
another. That's what the relationship between the two is
all about: Trust. The shaman and her spirit must be
friends in the truest sense of the word, especially when
names are involved, since to know a spirit's name is to
have that spirit's power. This power is never to be
abused, as this may result in dire consequences for the
shaman. When dealing with totems, remember that it is
a two-way street. A totem that is abused may take its
power back from the shaman, or inflict illness upon him
once again. Shamans who are recalcitrant with their
totem spirits find that they lose the confidence and
power of the Otherworlds.

In most cultures, the totem takes the form of an
animal, usually one that bears some significance to the
culture in question. Animal forms typically adopted by

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 43

4


NG Ail

Ul
\

totems are those of stags, birds or bears, much like the
costume of the shaman. In fact, the style of costume a
shaman wears is commonly dictated by the nature of her
totem, though this doesn't always hold true. Many in-
stances are seen in which the costume is determined by
tradition and is an animal that has been revered within
the culture since the Dreamtime. Other common forms
a totem may take are those of the shaman's ancestors,
often found among animistic peoples and others who
revere the dead.
Other Guests Who Lack Bodies

While Totems are present in almost all shamanic
seances, many other spirits are also commonly found at
such functions. These include the spirits of dead ances-
tors, especially in the Far East, where animism is widely
ptacticed, and also the spirits of various animals and
geographical features of the region where the shaman
does his work. These spirits are a diverse lot indeed, and
the only certain thing when dealing with them is that
there is no certain way of dealing with them. While some
of these beings are beneficial and benign in nature, many
are also hostile, belligerent or just plain troublesome for
the shaman.

Making Sense of if All

All of the information on the shaman's drug use,
costume and seance is important not only to understand-
ing shamanic culture and fleshing out character, but also
to fueling stories involving shamans. The many elements
involved in the proper performance of the shaman's ritual
are often difficult to attain, and many trials may be
necessary for the character to earn the right to walk the
path of healer.

The costume is rarely just given to the would-be
shaman. It is usually buried with the former shaman,

and is thus not passed along in most cultures; the
shaman himself must craft it under the supervision of
the spirit world. As such, gathering the right materials,
contacting the right spirits and putting it all together
can be a trying task, one that may be played up by the
Storyteller, either in the prologue or in the actual
game. Even when the shaman has his general attire
complete, he may need to deal with a particular spirit
that requires different symbols to be donned; any good
Hermetic mage knows that symbols are rarely universal
in the spirit world.

Dealing with the spirits can be an obvious source to
draw upon for compelling plot fodder. As it was said,
not all spirits are akin to fairy godmothers. A great
many of them, in fact, have learned to not trust humans
due to the centuries of constant abuse the spirit world
has endured from Mankind. What if an apparently
benign being gives the shaman wrong information and
his patient dies? What if the information is right, but it
involves a perilous quest to the Other Side? Pull out all
the stops — what if one tribe is about to bring a spiritual
assault down upon the character's tribe that would put
Normandy to shame?

The Storyteller may want to make a list of correspon-
dences for dealing with spirits, especially individual beings.
Common to most spirit magic — predominately among
the Order of Hermes, the Verbena and most shamanic
types — is the belief that certain materials attract certain
spitits and avert others. Figuring out these correspon-
dences can prove to be quite a task for characters who wish
to deal with the Spirit Realms. Top off correspondences
with taboos that the spirit might hold, and you begin to see
just how fickle the Unborn are. Use this information
sparingly, though. There is a thin line between a challeng-
ing puzzle and 4 frustrating boggle, one that players will
definitely pick up on.

Dreams Within a Dream

\ The spirit world is everywhere. Of all the
} places on Earth, not one is isolated or left
4 untouched by the spirit's capricious caress.
| Because of this, those who hold council with
"| the world beyond are to be found in all
<4 places of our planet, serving as audience to
= the Mother's messengers and heeding the
;q cries of the dying Earth. In essence, shaman-

: 4 ism is not a cultural thing; it is a human
thing. While method and practice defines the shaman in
general, and also illustrates the universality of his Art, it
is culture that defines the individual shaman and normally
dictates how he views the Dream.

44 The Spirit Ways

Scarred by Progress:
A People Scorned

Shamanism's roots run deep into the origins of time, far
back into that period known to them as the Dreamtime.
From these depths, when men first heard the voices of
beyond, the shaman has kept to his road, defending his
people and keeping his legacy alive from generation to
generation. This has been no small feat, however, as his
road has been fraught with perilous adversity, winding
further into chaos, and even the shaman's own brothers
oppose him. Tried by fire and cleansed in the sea, the

a


shaman and his peoples have withstood the tests of time,
but as for how much longer these scorned people can
endure, only time will tell.

In days past, the shaman's world has been only moder-
ately affected by the onslaught of progress, surfacing mainly
in the form of religious proselytizing. Though many tribes
were infected by the Chorus' quest for divinity, especially in
the Americas, the life of many shamanic cultures remained
largely unaffected. Even after the British Empire had taken
Africa and the Far East, only moderate change befell the
world of the shaman. Reasons for this abound, but the most
frequent assumption was that traveling to the remote re-
gions of the world in which primitives lived was a dangerous
proposal, even to the tenacious Celestial Chorus, and thus
the shaman and his people were able to escape Western
ideology for many centuries. The shaman's paradise and
isolation, however, would not last forever.

With the advent of more efficient transportation
coupled with the infant industrial world's need for raw
resources, hunting season was flung wide open on the
land of the shaman and his tribes. In the Americas, for
example, the white man's relentless search for power
lead to the natives' eventual decline, a one-way ticket to
disgrace and lives in trailer parks or reservations. Those
who dared question the abuse were assimilated, con-
verted and shown the light, or, in more drastic situations,
systematically destroyed in an ethnic pogrom. This was
only the beginning.

The Truth and the Story

Everyone's tragedy is the worst.

The survivors of the living ways from the Americas lost
their lives and cultures to the invading Europeans. Roman
legions burned the sacred groves of the Celts on their arrival
to Britain and Gaul. The Asian immigrants settling Japan
displaced the native Ainu.

Who is at fault? Whose loss was the greatest?

Who can say?

Perhaps it is true that other mages or Technocrats
drove the extermination of shamanism. Mankind can be
more cruel than any individual mage, though; cultures war
with one another, and the losers are left to dust and history.

The bitter are the first to lay blame. If the Chorus or the
Technocracy or the Euthanatos destroyed the ways of
people, did not these magicians spring from their own
cultures? We cast blame, but we must remember: If a group
of mages has done a thing, then a group of people has done
so ten-thousand fold.

The American Dream

In the Americas, it began in 1492, when Columbus
sailed the ocean blue, bringing the first European expedi-
tion to the Americas and starting one of the greatest
massacres the world had ever seen. From the very start

Christopher Columbus began killing the native peoples
which began the legacy of death and destruction that
would befall these innocent peoples. From this shocking
start, explorer after explorer came to the Americas taking
advantage of the ignorance of the natives who, in some
instances, believed the visitors were glorious manifesta-
tions of their gods. Ever since, the first Americans have
been exploited, raped, killed, diseased and converted by
the white man's ways — even in modern times, this is still
the case. Granted, the civil rights movements have made
some headway in the equal treatmen of people, but this
once grand nation of Earth Dancers has been reduced to
tubble, shadows of their former glory.

Today, most tribal peoples of North America are will-
ing to forgive, but never forget. They have become pragmatic
in their degradation and only wish to move forward, hoping
to preserve as much of their culture as possible and making
only a few ripples in the collective sea of humanity. There
are those who wholeheartedly want to strike back against
those who've done them harm, but the real enemy is the
hate and ignorance that was largely responsible for their
people's downfall, and much more pressing issues are at
hand. The ecological death to which North America sub-
jects itself is a far more pressing issue on the minds of most
native shamans, and many feel that the rape of the Mother
must be avenged before the insignificant crimes committed
against their own people can be considered.

In North America, the tribes that still exist have
changed dramatically, both in form and practice. In
much the same way that they were forced to adapt in
lifestyle, so too did they have to adapt religiously, many
tribes adopting Christianized versions of their previous
Earth-worship beliefs. As was mentioned above, the
peyote religion of the Southwest is a mix of older ways
and Christian symbolism that almost seems paradoxical,
yet still thrives, with shamans of ancient lineage who
still govern the travels to the spirit world. Other tribal
practices have survived, albeit in a watered-down ver-
sion done more in lip-service to culture than anything,
though this is a broad generalization. Alongside these
"wannabes" still exists purer forms of the old ways, done
with the same reverence that has been attached to these
rituals for centuries. Helping to preserve these traditions
ate many social institutions provided by the govern-
ment, perhaps to alleviate themselves of the guilt of their
previous exploitations.

In South America the story starts the same: Spanish
explorers and exploiters come in, converting and killing
the native peoples, breaking their pride and destroying
their lifestyles. Fortunately for the natives here, however,
was the loving embrace of the Amazon rainforest, ulti-
mately their home and their source of well-being. The
blessed Amazon of the natives was the cursed Amazon to
those who would kill them, being vast, hot and very

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 45

EE

NOK

Z

/

dangerous, and thus offered ample protection for many
years. Because of their ability (and white man's inability)
to navigate and survive in such trying terrain, shamanic
culture in this region ultimately survived to the present
day, largely unchanged in the centuries in which the
natives lived here. Their fuse is burning shorter in modern
times, however.

Western civilization's growing need for resources and
land have pushed the boundaries of the rainforest ever
further into itself, and now the fate of the tribes in this area
of the world is becoming uncertain at best. Where once
there were trees, now lay overworked fields; where once
there were animals, now stand towns; where once was an
ancient holy site, there now sits a Christian church. Tribal
children wearing T-shirts brought by missionaries stand
next to their fathers donning traditional garb, and the
elders fear the worst. In fact, no other single region in the
world has been harder hit by the intruding Chorus than in
the rainforests of South America. Some would even goas far
as to say that the Celestial Chorus is working with the
Technocracy here to subdue the natives, but this is only
angered speculation.

As the rainforest dies, so too does the spirit of the
shamans in this area, but the Amazon is not the only
place in South America where the shaman still works his
Art. The barrios of Brazil, much like the urban areas in

46 The Spirit Ways

a

Mexico and the southwest U.S., are seeing a new phe-
nomena grip the young minds of the poor: city shamanism.
City shamans are about as varied a lot as any other, and
some say more so. This is because in the cities, where
tradition is lost to progress, there are many ways in which
to Awaken to the spirits around you, and credible men-
tors are rare indeed. Some groups have grown, despite
the odds, and are almost mainstream in Brazil. One
major example of this is the tradition known as Saint
Daime, a mixture of beliefs which can be described as
Incan Christianity. The practices of this pseudo-religion
include the use of the psychotropic ayahuasca teas to
commune with the holy spirit, as well as the spirit of the
Mother, symbolized by the Virgin Mary.

In the Caribbean and southern United States, perhaps
the oddest blend of shamanic lore is practiced today. almost
"pop culture" tradition widely known as voudoun, and it has
the most unlikely mix of traditions the world may have ever
seen. Voudoun (called "voodoo" by Hollywood and igno-
rant Sleepers) is a strain of pseudo-shamanic culture with
many influences: the ancient shamanic practices of the

_ Caribbean, spirit-talking, ecstatic trance, animistic thought

and, surprisingly enough, the Christian practices of early
settlers and missionaries, all mixed in a wild blend that may
have a priestess calling upon the Virgin Mary and the saints
as she enters trance, then being ridden by a very un-
Christian male spirit. The tradition survives today in Haiti


and New Orleans under somewhat squalid conditions.
While voodoo's trappings of dolls stuck with pins, zombies
and John-the-Conqueror powder are largely Sleeper inven-
tion, it is rumored that some mages draw upon darker
voudoun influence in their magics. Any true Dreamer knows,
though, that a religion so vibrant with life can only grow,
and the spines of such poisoned plants turn inward on their
twisted growers.

Thus is the Dream danced in the Americas.

Imaginary Lines, Real Hell in Africa

In Africa, where perhaps the Dream was first danced,
the French and British opened the slave trade around the
late 1500s, turning the indigenous tribes there into less
than inferior people. These people became objects, bought
and sold at the price of their souls. Treated with even less
compassion than cattle receive, these Dreamers' spirits
were broken, their ways erased, and their future left
uncertain, often coming at the crack of a whip. Brought
to the Americas, many were even forced to abandon
their beliefs, being educated to the ways of the white
man's cruel god.

Arguably, those who were left in their native land
faced a far more insidious fate. The British, with their
maps and pens, began drawing imaginary lines all over the
land of Africa, grouping tribe with tribe, often enemy with
enemy. These peoples, unaware of the concept of "own-
ing" land, found this change almost unbearable. Where
once they could roam the land freely, now these peoples
needed passes to cross the invisible lines of the British, or
else face swift and unmerciful reprisal. Even when the
attacks came not from the British, the natives were dying.
Forced to live within absurd new boundaries, tribes began
watring with each other over the limited resources far
more frequently than ever in the past. Countless lives lost,
the spirit of the Dream was becoming tainted with a black
darker than night, former Dancers becoming killers in the
name of survival.

The shamanic culture of Africa is dying fast. In the
northern edge of the continent, few nomadic tribes dot
the deserts, having been replaced by city dwellers dig-
ging for oil. At the opposite extreme, in southern Africa,
the once-populous tribes here are finding their lives
dictated by the development of cities and the growing
economic plight which is effecting the region. In be-
tween, the poverty-stricken tribal nations suffer shortages,
the crushing pressure of a world economy disinterested
in "primitives," the famine of a dying ecology and con-
stant war as outside nations attempt to enforce artificial
borders on the native peoples in the search for lines of
control over scant valuable resources or their own lead-
ers grow fat on corruption. In these overcrowded and
suffering regions, where much is left undeveloped, the
Technocracy has left its digital mark on the very souls of
the people themselves. Here the Prognitioners unleash

obscene diseases upon the populace, and rumors of things
far worse are drawing attention to the goings on in this
area. Rumors of genetic tamperings and clones are the
concern of much of the talk, and some say that the
Technocracy is attempting to develop the "Ubermensch"
(or, "super man") from these experiments. Any attempts
to validate these claims, however, have proved thus far
futile. Those who enter this region with the intent of
unveiling such supposed Technocratic abuses either leave
empty-handed or not at all.

As if humanity itself wasn't enough adversity for the
shamanic tribes of Africa, the very land cries in anguish
and rage. Droughts, plagues of ungodly proportions and
epidemics of unknown diseases cover the land, seeking
revenge for the ecological rape of the Mother. The land
withers away, cities to mark its scars, and once-fertile
regions become barren. Add this to the already harsh
conditions of the African wilderness, and one begins to
get a picture of the hell life is for tribes in this region.
Because of this, those natives that manage to eke a living
out of such squalid conditions are an unsavory, often
hostile lot, treating foreigners with contempt and an icy
shoulder at best, and attacking those who would dare pose
a threat, saving death only for those they like. Perhaps
these peoples know best the meaning of the phrase,
"drastic times call for drastic measures."

The Middle East region, partly belonging to Africa,
has never really had any cultures that can be called
"shamanic," though those peoples that would fit into this
category are long gone, consumed largely by the turbulent
religions of their region. This region is largely dominated
by the Chorus and its warring factions, such as Islam,
Judaism and Christianity, who are collectively playing out
the age old struggle to win the Holy Land. Those who
didn't want to play this game have been ignored or
destroyed, swallowed by the sea of time.

Thus is the Dream danced in Africa.

Oriental Express to Exile

In the Far East, the tune of genocide was played to a
different beat, and, surprisingly, the Akashic Brothers
held the drum. As Buddhism spread its way across the
land, the blood of the indigenous peoples began to flow,
opening the chapter of this "peaceful"religion with a
bang. Fortunately for these tribes in Tibet and in other
places of China, the massacres were short-lived, and, in
fact, Buddhism began to absorb ideas related to the Bon Po
shamanism, the indigenous beliefs of this area. The cul-
tural sharing was mutual, too, as the Bon Po began adopting
Buddhist teachings, forming a branch of Buddhism almost
unique to the Tibetan peoples. Still, many Buddhists
disdain the Bon Po, seeing their doctrine as almost hereti-
cal, despite the fact that one Dalai Lama said, "Any

teaching that brings greater peace and happiness is part of
the teachings of the Buddha."

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 47

\ SK

I.

=

NG Ail

IZ

In current times, the tables have turned against
both the Buddhists and the Bon Po shamans, as the
Chinese communist government has moved into the
Tibet, assimilating the peoples there into a new state
regime. Guided by communist policy, the government
condemns religions and traditional practices, instead
infusing its own brand of state loyalty and Legalism as
a mandatory faith for its citizens. Those who do not
conform, Buddhist or otherwise, are forced into exile,
fleeing to the Himalayas in India, where they can find
peace and practice their religions safely. Monasteries in
China are closed down, schools are forced to teach
politics and the ways of China's new government, and
those who don't are left broken, empty and abandoned.
The Akashic Brotherhood is taking this purge in stride,
however, seeing it as the karmic retribution for their
crimes against their brothers. Karmic or not, the Broth-
ers still believe that they see the root of the problem:
the Technocracy, who wishes to bring the modern
world full force into this almost-primitive land. This
region is a hotbed of social upheaval, and none know
how much longer the oppression will be tolerated, let
alone actually carried out.

In the Siberian region of the Far East, many of the
tribes here have found a bittersweet isolation that few
other peoples in the world have experienced. Left to
their own devices, the shamans here, known as Kam,
have been fortunate enough to practice as they have for
centuries. This isolation has left them safe, but perhaps
it has left them far too unaware of the world around
them, thus making them ignorant to the ways of the
outside world. Ignorant, but not stupid. Once a group of
missionaries came to the region, but there were no
conversions, and the missionaries were killed at the
first mention of their god. Despite these apparent suc-
cesses, mass civilization is ever encroaching upon their
world, as it has for years, and it is unknown how long
their paradise will last. As for the entire world of the
shaman, only time will tell.

Indonesia, Oceania and the other islands and groups
of islands in the Pacific have all faced similar fates to
their brothers in the rain forests of the Amazon. These
people, often times living in the shadow of Christianity,
have had to struggle to keep their ways from being
devoured by the monster of Western industrial ideology.
It can be confidently said that they are meeting with
more success than there Amazon counterparts, but, then
again, the modern world has only recently turned its eye
to these remote, floating paradises that drift peaceably in
the Pacific. Prospects are looking rather bright for them
as of now, as little interest is had for this region, other
than perhaps in the way of tourism, and this has pro-
duced a strange phenomena: pop culture shamanism, but
this will be described later.

48 The Spirit Ways

TV pet

Thus dance the Oriental shamans, their Dreams re-
maining strong....

The Land Down Under, Under Attack

The Southland, or Australia, has been the last great,
livable continent to see the white man's face. Starting in
the late 1700s, this land, barren as it was, became a
prison for British debtors, though it later became settled,
and is continuing to be settled today. While at first
skirmishes between natives and settlers were common,
things changed, and something remarkable happened
here that is practically unheard of else where in the
world: the indigenous peoples, known as aborigines,
gained the respect and the protection of the foreigners!
Some feel that this is because of the late development of
this land, as people were learning to become more toler-
ant of those different, and xenophobia was becoming less
common. As the first settlers were criminals, perhaps
being outcasts themselves allowed them to possess more
sympathy for their new neighbors, but what gained them
respect was how the aborigines had mastery over such a
harsh land. In many ways like the "Indians" to the
pilgrims, the aborigines have suffered persistent persecu-
tion and displacement in the face of onrushing settlers.

Eventually, as the Land Down Under became more
and more populated, this interaction between the aborigi-
nes and their pale-skinned friends became rarer and rarer.
Civilization here was taking the same course as the world
over, becoming industrial as opposed to agricultural, ur-
ban rather than rural. Cities began to dot the landscape,
burying nature under concrete. Finally, the natives aban-
doned the white man to his own devices, opting to return
to their untamed world. While still possessing the respect
of the white man, the aborigines went back to the way they
were, roaming the vast expanses of wilderness that remain
in Australia.

In modern times the ever increasing population and
urban development of Australia is pushing ever deeper into
the heart of this vast continent, ever closing in on the
aborigines and their lands. The two factions, at this point
in time, still have a healthy respect for one another, but
some predict that this all too soon will go sour. As cities
grow bigger, aborigine elders are becoming more wary of
white man, eyeing him with understandable suspicion, and
they are quickly growing paranoid as the wild fills with rhe
electric hum of motor vehicles traversing their sacred
plains. White man, too, is looking more at the natives with
what is termed pity, and one wonders how long he can
subdue his urge to "enlighten"the "primitives." For now,
the Dreamspeakers and their ilk watch, keeping their fin-
gers crossed, hoping perhaps that Australia can prove once
and for all that such a situation is possible, white man living
in harmony with his Dancing brothers.

However, where the clash of cultures has absorbed
people whole before, so it does in Australia. Though some


pockets of wilderness remain untouched by the spread of
"civilization," the slow and viral spread of cities and their
influence is pervasive. In a single generation, an entire
culture is swept away by the education of modern schools.
As the conveniences of technological life spread, even far-
away villages are left with the unmistakable stain of blue
jeans and cell phones. There is no clash of armies or
displacement from homelands, just an inexorable change as
the old ways are discarded and forgotten by youth who cling
to the promises of a faster, better, more entertaining life.
The Dream does not die — it simply becomes the vision of
a private few, passed on where it may and humming a quiet
tune, waiting to be found again.

Thus goes the dance, unhindered in Australia's Dream....

Dancing to a Different Tune: The European Dream

Many shamanic cultures have seen their rise and fall
on the ancient plains of the European continent. The
Celts and the little-known Cult of the Dead paraded
across Europe, staring wide-eyed at the heavens since
Neolithic times. Unfortunately, none of these cultures
actually exist in their true form today, the last actual
shamanic group to see the sun being the Lapps of
Scandinavia, which died out in the 18th century. How-
ever, the shamanic tradition has survived, albeit under a
very different name: the Verbena.

The Verbena can trace their roots far back into time,
with various places claiming to be this Tradition's point of
origin, but one fact cannot be denied: the Verbena did
indeed find their start in Europe. Their origins can be
found among ancient Italian peoples, the Celts, Gothic
Germans, as well as many other groups dotting the old
landscapes of Europe. How all these people came together
to form the Verbena is a fuzzy issue, but it is most likely
primarily due to the force of the Roman Catholic church,
which tried to eliminate the "heathens," who in turn
caused these groups to pull together if they were to
survive. Whatever the case may be, the Verbena absorbed
all the various tribes and peoples to make the Tradition we
see today, which can be said to be the modern shadow of
Europe's shamanic culture.

There are groups in the world today that claim to be
Druids and whatnot, and there has indeed been a revival of
ancient Celtic ways, but these sects are generally a far cry
from their namesakes. These groups are found in Verbena
and Sleepers alike, though the Verbena come closer to the
original concept. With this revival of ancient traditions in
the world, we have seen the rise of the oddest form of
shamanism to date.

Pop Culture Shamanism

It seems as if all things spiritual find their way into the
mainstream eventually, albeit in a rather broken-up and
watered-down version. Shamanism is no different. Today's
pop culture is slowly taking a look back at the old ways,
perhaps with the help of the Dreamspeakers and Verbena,

but the shamanism of pop culture is as different as times are
now compared to the dawn of time. Pop-shamanism is an
extremely weak and commercialized version of its name-
sake and, as such, is very misleading. The general trend of
spirituality in pop culture is very "New Age", and shaman-
ism is no different, having been usurped by the Sleepers as
another "feel-good religion for the ‘90s." Most true shamans
don't really mind as long as some of their message gets out,
but many feel that it is a petty attempt by humanity to
regain its self-made image.

Shamanism
and Mage Society

Most shamans do not call themselves mages. They
are healers, speakers of the land, the tongues of spirits,
the audience of the Mother, the keepers of tradition and
the Earth's warriors, not petty politicking mages. This
sentiment runs strong in the shaman's mind, as many see
the Traditions as no better than the Others, all fighting
to twist reality to their limited views. The shaman
disdains such, knowing full well that reality is the Earth's
dream, and that She makes the calls. Humans, insignifi-
cant parasites in the big picture, have an important part
in the scheme of things, but hardly one as special as they
try to make for themselves. The shaman knows this, and
takes it to heart.

While shamans hold a harsh attitude toward the
Traditions, this is not to say that they hate them or hold
them beyond a general contempt. In fact, they have family
within the ranks of the Council of Nine, four Traditions
that have walked the same path with them for centuries.
These are the Dreamspeakers, their brothers and voice in
the Council; the Cult of Ecstasy and Verbena, their
virtual children, who were birthed following the old ways;
and the Euthanatos, distant cousins in belief and practice.
Of these four, only the Dreamspeakers maintain active
ties with shamanicculture, though it is not too rare to see
the other three walking with shamans.

Bloody Past, Bitter Hate

Of all the Traditions, only one draws the deepest
rage from the shaman's heart, and this is the Celestial
Chorus. Through their own misunderstanding of
shamanic spirituality and the prostelyzation of their
native religions, the Choristers spread intolerant reli-
gion with them. Even those who Sing out with tolerance
are drowned by the masses of humanity, mage and Sleeper
alike, who declare that their one way is the only truth
and that all dissonance must be extinguished. Shamans
hold Choristers in hateful contempt for all the crimes
committed by this Tradition against their peoples. Shar-
ing this sentiment are the Dreamspeakers, who often
wonder why they sit in council with these vicious killers.

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 49

NOK

ID. WH

a

NG Ail

\

The heads of the Chorus proclaim their desire for peace
and conciliation, yet still the religious fanatics cry death
and hatred for the "heathens" — and all the while, the
Chorus accepts such erstwhile allies, instead of casting
out the intolerance that taints the spiritual heart.

Shamans' hate for the Celestial Chorus lies less in the
physical deaths that this Tradition has caused, and more in
the great spiritual murder that has taken place. Entire
tribes, as well as countless individuals, have all fallen prey
to the Chorus' spiritual monopoly in the recent centuries,
and there is little hope of this changing. Perhaps it'd be
easier were it only the Tradition's efforts, but Sleepers, too,
spend a great deal of time and effort trying to convert the
heathens. This, and the ever-banging drum of progress, are
the primary threats to the shaman's world. From the stand-
point of Dreamspeakers and shamans in general, the Chorus
and the Technocracy are no different in this light.

The Others Dance Softly

Aside from the Celestial Chorus, shamans hold the
Traditions in mixed regard. Openly, shamans consider the
other Traditions as power-hungry self-servers too caught up
in the affairs of the Sleeping world. Deep down is a different
story. On the inside, shamans possess an unspoken respect
for the other Traditions, a respect based almost solely on
those sects' willingness to stand up in the face of adversity.
Most shamans realize that they themselves lack the organi-
zation and drive to fight the good fight against the Others,
and thus they appreciate the fact that there are those who
can and do.

Walking the Path,

Hearing the Voices

Walking the path of the healer in the modern world
poses quite a challenge to today's shaman. Faced on all sides
with those who'd see his ways gone, the shaman's life is a
bitter struggle from start to end, a struggle made seemingly
in vain. On one hand there are the Traditions, often trying

o "enlighten" the primitive tribes to which the shaman
belongs on the other, there is the Technocracy pushing
ever deeper into the heart of the wild lands in which a
shaman lives. Even the depths of the mind hold no safety,
the shaman having to deal with the Earth's tainted spirit as
it blackens his psyche. It is no easy task to be a shaman, and
none said it would be.

As the Reckoning creeps nearer, shamans in modern
times have found ways to adapt, and several new phenom-
ena are being made manifest in the World of Darkness.
These new groups, akin to pseudo-Traditions, are now
banding together in dying wilds and barren cities alike,
struggling day by day to survive and make their presence felt
by the world around them. Many of these groups are signs
of the Traditions' ever-growing influence on spirituality in
the world; others are stark reflections of the spiritual black-

50 The a Ways

ness found in the very essence of the Dream itself. Regard-
less, one thing is for certain: The tongue that once whispered
is now bracing itself to roar.

Shamans
Brewed by Tradition
(and in darker pots)

It goes without saying that most shamans with Tra-
ditional training have been reared by the Dreamspeakers.
In fact, it can almost be said that all Dreamspeakers are
shamanistic, at least in essence. One cannot say, how-
ever, that all shamans are Dreamspeakers. Looking at
how things stand now, a shaman brought up in the
Dreamspeaker's paradigm is becoming a rare thing in-
deed. Many modern shamans are finding their way
through other Traditions, a trend that some call unnerv-
ing and others retrogressive. The fact of the matter
remains the same: Humanity as a whole, Traditions
included, is moving toward older ways and older meth-
ods to find the answers.

Shamans with Traditional backgrounds typically re-
flect the regressive trend the late 20th century has seen of
"digging into one's roots" and the whole New Age move-
ment, while other groups of shamans reflect more the
current state of affairs in the Dream. These shamans repre-
senting the darker side of life are variously called Dark
Dancers, Wyrm Tongues, Mad Seers and other unappealing
terms, but most often the Order of Descent. While some
breed decay and oblivion, most see the goal of "harnessing
the Beast" as the end of the road. Usually the end of one
road leads to another...

Those of Tradition

Twentieth-century spirituality has seen a regressive
tendency as of late. More and more people are turning their
eyes toward the past, looking fora sign that leads to even the
smallest kernel of truth. Sleepers in general are coming to
a point where they realize that something's missing; it's as
if there is no true inspiration left in the world. The mages
of the Traditions are no different. These, founded by
ancient legacies with lineages that span back hundreds or
thousands of years, feel that they've lost something great,
some divine radiance that the elders once possessed. The
New Age movement and the aforementioned "pop sha-
manism" are signs of this spiritual revival taking place on all
levels of humanity.

In the Traditions, this manifests as a look toward
shamanism, and how most of the Council has historical ties
to shamanic culture. This trend is especially common
among newer initiates, who are typically introduced to the
occult through mainstream spirituality, and who' ve come
to the Traditions looking for "older ways." From these


unlikely sources stirs now in the Dream a new, louder, and
more organized voice in shaman culture.

Shamans of the Brotherhood

As mentioned previously, the Akashic Brothers and
the shamans of Tibet have shared ideas for some time now,
mixing symbology and ideology. As a result, this area has
given rise to anew shamanism, one that still bears the name
Bon Po, but stands markedly different from its traditional
past. These new Bon Po, many forcibly educated by the
Chinese, are not so foreign to the ways of the modern world,
and are now organizing to stop communist oppression in
their lands. These neo-shamans are often found on the
front lines, protesting Chinese occupation, fighting Tech-
nocratic assimilation and resisting conversion, all the while
performing their duties to their tribes. Tibet is not the only
place to see such active Dreamers; Indonesia and Thailand
have their share as well.

Celestial Follies

In the Americas, where zealous conversion rivaled the
fanaticism of the Inquisition, the Celestial Chorus inad-
vertently provided the inspiration for several new shamanic
sects to form. These new sects, most notably the Saint
Daime of Brazil and the peyote religion of the United
States, combined Catholic teachings and ideas with the
methods and mythologies of earlier indigenous peoples.
The end result proved to the world once and for all that the
Chorus and so-called "barbarians" could coexist and even
see eye-to-eye. While such is considered a heresy in Sleep-
ing Celestial society, the Chorus has been left speechless,
though appeased. This is perhaps the most pragmatic inno-
vation since anyone can remember, and attracts many new
members daily. One may wonder, though, how all this
potential will be utilized...

Ecstasy Way

Most likely birthed in the ‘60s, these self-fashioned
"Aquarian Elite" mark the Cultist contribution to the
world of shamanism. Almost entirely found in industrial-
ized nations, these activists and civil pioneers are truly
committed to change, constantly striving to guide human-
ity to Utopia, though certainly not one as sterile as the
Technocracy's. Despite eyes set on Utopia, this practical lot
lives in the here and now, focusing on contemporary
change for the better and winning the small fights. Ranging
from ecological tree-hugger types to pro-cannabis activists,
this diverse group attracts a lot of attention, some good,
some bad, always controversial and timely, and definitely
appealing to the new generation of would-be mages. This is
perhaps the strongest of the neo-shaman sects, holding
sway in Sleeper and Tradition society alike.

Entropic Dreams

This sect is probably the most horrifying and danger-
ous scourge overlooked by the Council in recent ages.
Attracted to the entropy of the Euthanatos, it is in this
Tradition that these Dark Dancers are typically trained.

Not satisfied with the idea that Entropy is only a part of
reality, these twisted shamans, who've dubbed themselves
the Harbingers, see Entropy and Oblivion as the goal of
creation, pointing at Nature's upheaval as evidence. This
cult of darkness is sometimes considered more in rank with
the Order of Descent, though some say these vile souls are
worse. Walking with the legions of the Damned and the
wretched souls of Oblivion, these Harbingers of destruc-
tion wish to carry the Mother to her deepest sleep, the
dance of death.

Keepers of the Name

Though any good Hermetic would deny it, a pseudo-
shamanic rediscovery has been made among their ranks in
recent years. Labeled the "ancient Sumerian revival" in the
1970s, this research has made the Order push its origins
further back into time, and has forced them to reconsider
just how High their Art really is. As one presses into the
depths of time, the distinction between shamanism and
religio-magical beliefs becomes a very thin line, often
crossed. Likewise, when looking back upon the earliest
roots of the Order, one sees how similar their practices are
to those of ancient high priests, who were known to name
the names, enact ritualized movements akin to dancing,
and somehow, like the shamans, intoxicate themselves
through various means.

Mages studying under this branch of the Hermetic
Houses are an odd lot indeed. These pseudo-shamans hold
the spirits in higher regard than most in the Order, and
often attach themselves to ancient pantheons and old
forgotten spirits found within the pages of grimoires.
Dealing frequently with spirits, especially the types these
Sumerian revivalists prefer, seemingly brands the mage's
Avatar, inducing tremendous Quiets and possible insan-
ity. The most common source of these afflictions is the
constant light-versus-darkness drama playing out in their
paradigm, and the endless temptation to open the prover-
bial Gate to the Other Side. Truly, these mages walk a
dangerous path. ,

You Wear Goggles?

The Sons of Ether share no real ties with shamans or
their culture, but there is one sub-culture within this
Tradition that holds the vision of their primitive cousins.
Dubbed "Pantheists," these Sons claim that, if anything,
Nature itself is divine and the Universe is "Her" temple.
These serene Sons of Ether see no difference between Man
and the world around him, and feel that Man's creations
are, in a sense, holy. As such, the biggest enemy is the
Technocracy; their constructs are poisonous and defiling to
the planet, and are thus a detriment to all society.

Present since the Sons were known as Electrodyne
Engineers, Pantheists are known to challenge conven-
tional science with eco-friendly alternatives. One example
is their having developed the use of solar energy slightly
after the light bulb became popular in attempts to ease the

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 51

IDK

\

NG Ait

ecological strain of producing electricity. This and other
innovations, despite being more practical than most
techno-science, have been largely ignored. Sadly, even to
this day, this group remains unrewarded, most likely due
to being severed from the Technocracy and thrown into a
group that can't understand their odd approach. The
Pantheists, however, shed some light in hope's direction,
paving a pragmatic road of ecological friendliness that
many can relate to. Oddly enough in this respect, this sect
of the Sons of Ether and the Aquarians of the Ecstatics
often team up in battling the Others, along with other
peoples of the Earth. They've even gone so far as to
formulate the Gaia Hypothesis, an idea that stands in
good stead with many shamans across Traditional bound-
aries. Through the Gaia Hypothesis, the faction postulates
the living Earth as a whole entity, its microcosms of life
and ecology forming a great, interlinked existence that
binds all creatures together. Humanity is no more impor-
tant than any tree or bird —- humanity is simply the
consciousness through which Gaia turns an eye upon
Itself. As every creature depends upon others for suste-
nance and life, the chain is complete and wraps in upon
itself, a hypothesis that is clear and at once demonstrable
to any shaman.

Life as a Healer

The Verbena are well-known for their shamanic
ways. First and foremost in this Tradition are the keepers
of the old ways, healers and the closest thing to shamans
outside of the Dreamspeakers. These mages can hear the
call of their ancient Avatars, seeking to bring the pri-
mordial splendor of Gaia's Dream back to the modern
world. Like most Verbena, these almost-but-not-quite
shamans are vengeful and vindictive, craving the blood
of Man as retribution for Mother's rape. In accord with
this sentiment, some tend to be eco-terrorists, more
often doing less good than harm. Hardly pragmatic, this
group is surprisingly the largest growing shamanic sect,
and is quickly becoming the loudest. For these shamans,
spirits hold shotguns, and they're trigger-happy, looking
to ease the Mother's burden by relieving Her of the
parasite known as Man.

Techno-Shamans and Friends

While Virtual Adepts themselves tend to scoff at the
shaman and his culture, this former Convention has influ-
enced many would-be shamans immensely. The desolate
city streets are giving way to anew Dreamer, born in a new
Nature that has telephone poles for trees, sky-scraping
mountains and asphalt paths on which two-ton carriages
tote the dominant species around. This neo-shaman, per-
haps the latest addition to the legacy of Dreamers, sends his
smoke signals via e-mail, and deals with the spirits of the
land, namely steel, electricity and concrete. Whereas most
shamans despise the modern world, techno-shamans utilize
it, realizing it is no more or less natural than the rest of the

"a

52 The Spirit Ways

Ve


eee

planet. All this is enough to make the elders cry, "Oy!", but
at least discredits the claim that shamans must be primitive
or retrogressive.

No other Traditional shaman has made as big a splash
as this recent addition. Taking to the streets with force,
these techno-Dreamerts are less concerned with bringing
back the old ways and more involved with fighting battles
that can be won. There are many agendas this budding
group wishes to pursue, first and foremost being the idea of
putting Humanity in the seat of power when it comes to
technology, rather than the other way around. To put it
another way, this group won't tell you to kill your TV;
rather, they'll tell you to put it in its place, that of mere
entertainment, not a way of life. Related to this is their
desire to bring truly useful information to light, through
whatever means possible. The techno-shamans' idea of
"truly useful information" is anything that grants one more
personal power and freedom without being a drain to the
rest of society. The only problem in enacting their plans, as
of yet, is lack of organization.

The Order of Descent

Dreams are not always pretty, bright, hopeful flights
of fancy. Some hold our darkest fears, our most dreaded
ills and our most perverse desires. Others leave you
feeling empty, oblivious or worse. In these supposed end
times, there are those who would willingly plunge them-
selves into this nightmare of horror, those who take joy
in hearing the wailing soul of Mankind as it's dragged
into the Hell it has devised for itself. With Avatars
stained by despair and hearts darkened by powerlust, the
sect known formally as the Order of Descent delights in
these tortures.

As the Technocracy spans its digital fingers across the
globe and humanity revels in decadence, the very spiritual
nature of the Earth Realm has become stained, and it is
believed that these dark shamans are a sign of the impurity.

Rather than looking toward the Heavens and wanting to
heal the planet, the Order of Descent sees only the bloody
face of humanity and craves to drag it screaming to Hell
with them. Much like the Nephandi, the Ordersees Oblivion
as the ultimate perfection, entropy as the savior. What
makes them dangerous, however, is that they aren't lurking
deep within the Umbra; they prowl the streets, looking to
serve up souls on a tarnished platter and making prey of
those who unwittingly cross their path.

Rumors about this mysterious sect abound. The
most common idea about this group is that it wants to
reduce the world to a hellish pit of utter destruction, an
entire planet of the original primordial sludge. More and
more evidence is mounting to the contrary, however. It's
coming to be understood that this group wishes to har-
ness the powers of the darkside under the impression that
only through mastery of the Beast is one allowed to ride
it into battle. This may be too optimistic, though. The
terror that this group has brought to Mankind can barely
be equaled, let alone comprehended. Some think that
this group was responsible for the black magic lodges of
Germany (in conjunction with the Order of Hermes),
and thus at least partly to blame for the occult conspira-
cies and ties attributed to the lieutenants of the Third
Reich. As with all other aspects of this mysterious cult,
however, this idea lies in the land of mere speculation.
Anything heard from outside sources should be taken
with a healthy dose of salt.

This group has taken an intriguing leave of absence
in recent years, as if biding its time. With all the hysteria
brought about by the approaching millennium, one is
left to wonder what they are planning. Again, this
absence has rumors thriving. Perhaps the Order of De-
scent is plotting to make Armageddon a reality; maybe
something worse? None know for sure, but one thing is a
certainty: whatever it is, whenever it hits, the world may
never be the same again....

rs

Chapter Two: The Tongue of Spirits 53

NOK

N

MD


Chapter Three:
Walking the
Spirit

Running Deer cleared the path of the tree branches
that hung low overhead, less out of necessity than
@ | to prevent the obnoxious Hermetic behind him
_| from complaining.

: "Idon't believe this," the magus gasped. "Lostin
44 agoddamned spirit forest! Hey! Where are we going?"
. Running Deer sighed. He had found the erudite

"mage" —ascholar callinghimself Alexander LeSalle,
something something blah blah of the Shining Stone
blah blah blah — unconscious on a moon path. The werewolf pack
that ran into them minutes later was ready to kill the white-skinned
magus , but Running Deer managed to squeak both of them out of that
situation. LeSalle was apparently journeying to the Elemental Court
of something or other, but one of Thunderbird's storms had knocked
him all the way into the Middle Realm. Running Deer, being a
compassionate man, had agreed to lead LeSalle back to Earth.

It had seemed a good idea at the time.

"If I'm not back at my Covenant soon, who knows what
will happen! They'll send search parties out, they'll start an
incident, they'lI—"

Would it have been so bad to leave him to the werewolves?
he thought. A sharp pain in the back of his head answered that
question — his totem didn't share his sense of humor.

They came té a three-way fork in the path, of which
all three forks led into seemingly identical forest. The
Hermetic pulled out a pendulum, muttered some nonsense
and concentrated.

Running Deer sighed. Looking up in the trees, he spotted
an owl. Maybe...

The Hermetic's pendulum failed to move.

"Um... er..."

Reaching into his medicine bag, Running Deer whispered a
soft summons to Owl, asking for his assistance. He pulled a white
mouse out of the bag, which Running Deer set on the ground.

The owl flew down and snatched the mouse up, leaving a
single feather lying on the middle fork.

"This way," Running Deer said, starting up the middle fork.

"How do you know?" the confused Hermetic asked.

Running Deer smiled as he walked. "A little bird told me."

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 55

Ne

T\ SA


NG Ail

IWZXS

Journey's Beginning

~, | Adam pulled the Buick over to the side of
S| Beacon Street, narrowly missing compact cars.
'@.§ He hated driving in Boston, and he hated

{| parking most of all. Fortunately, he managed
J] to find a space right in front of Apo's apart-
ment building. It might have been luck, or it
‘) might have been the iwa intervening. Adam
| was betting on the iwa — no mortal force
J could find a good parking space in Boston.

Strange that it's all come down to today, he thought. It had
been a little over a year since the babawalo had read his
destiny and declared that he, Adam Goldstein, the slightly
skinny, slightly nerdy Jewish kid from Newton, would have
to be initiated into the Yoruba tradition as a child of
Obatala because of the toss of some shells. At first, Adam
had laughed. Then Adam got angry.— Does this guy really
expect me to join his religion just because his magic shells told him
so? And yet, deep inside, Adam had known that this was
right. Something in him stirred, something that he had
never recognized before... and yet, it was almost as if he had
known it his entire life. When they had dressed him in
white robes, he had known. When they had shaved his head
and made the incision on his scalp and cut the rooster's
throat, he'd felt the presence entering him, crowning him.
He knew what he had been missing his whole life.

Now, it was a year later. His hair was long again. He was
no longer required to wear all white. Apo had taught him
about the iwa, and now it was time to take a firsthand look.
He got goose pimples just thinking about it, despite his
doubts. His parents had finally spoken to him for the first
time since his initiation — his conversion to the Yoruba
tradition didn't go over well with his upper-middle-class,
conservative Jewish family. Talking to them had created
that old fear in his heart — the fear that he was doing a
stupid thing, that he had joined some sort of cult, that the

whole thing didn't make sense — Enough, stop it. I under-
stand. He was able to explain his whole experience, but
something still nagged him.

Adam entered the old building, climbed the stairs up to
Apo's apartment. After a knock, he let himself in. The
apartment was decorated with trinkets and tools from
nearly every culture imaginable, and Apo knelt before his
shrine to Eshu the Trickster, in the living room. Apo was in
his early 50s, an emigré from Nigeria who'd come to the
New World to remind it of the old one. Initiated into the
Yoruba tradition and then educated at Harvard, he was a
living bridge between two cultures. Which, of course, was
the role the iwa had selected for him.

"So. Youare ready then, eh?" Apo grinned without looking
up. His high-pitched voice was calm. "You've been called, and
you have died and left your old life behind. You have been
instructed in the ways of the iwa, their names and their customs.
You have learned the languages and the rituals. You have
leamed the divinations with the shells and how to build your
shrine. You have learned the Ghost Dance, and you have made
yourrattle. And now you want to walk among worlds, is that it"

"Yes, Apo."

"Sorry, you're not ready for that."

Adam recoiled in shock. Apo winked.

"Relax. I'm joking."

Adam slumped into a chair. "I hate it when you do that."

Apo burst out laughing. "It's all part of the adventure,
Adam. Eshu has his own peculiar sense of humor. But yes,
the time has come for you to see what lies beyond this... this
mortal, material world you've lived in for too long."

Apo grabbed a bag and headed for the door. "Well,
c'mon! What are you waiting for? We sure as hell aren't
going to do this in my apartment!"

Adam stumbled up, following his teacher.

The Shaman's Responsibility

Everything is laid out for you. Your path is
- | straight ahead of you. Sometimes it's invisible but
4) it's there. You may not know where it's going, but
| you have to follow that path. It's the path to the
«| Creator. It's the only path there is.
| — Chief Leon Shenandoah
: Apo directed his student north, toward a
Ci Jy place in Maine.
a "We've got some time before we get outside

the city, so listen. You can listen while you drive, can't you?"

"Yes, Apo. At least as long as traffic stays this light."

56 The Spirit Ways

Apo smiled. "You've probably heard this a thousand
times before. Well, you're gonna hear it again, and you'll
hear it again and again until the day you die. It's the most
important thing I'm ever gonna tell you, and it's the only
thing you have to know when dealing with the Umbrae.

"Remember your responsibility.

"Sounds easy, right? It isn't. You're not a sorcerer, you're
not a Hermetic, and you certainly aren't a Technocrat. When
any of them touch the spirit world, why do they do it? They
don't do it because they need something, they do it because
they want something. Verbena and Cultists might respect us,


__—ee—™

but when they awaken something, it's out of selfish desires.
Maybe they want some information, maybe they're lazy and
they want a servant. Maybe they just want a good lay."
Adam turned. "What? Is that possible?"
"Ofcourse that's possible. Wipe that smirk off your face.'
"Yes, Apo," Adam said, failing utterly.

+

"You know how I feel about Hermetics, so ] won't beat
that horse. And Technocrats — they just want the whole
thing gone, wiped from the dreams of all men."

Apo lit a cigarillo, imported at no small cost from
Havana. "When you go into the Otherworlds, you're not
joyriding. You're not going out there for a thrill. It is
thrilling to see the Umbrae, to see the true essence of the
world, but that's a bonus. You're going out there to help
your people, to speak with the spirits of the land and to bring
the wishes of the iwa to the world since they can't do it
themselves. And let me tell you, it's dangerous."

Apo's face, normally beatific, turned into a mask.
Adam knew this tone. It was rare when his master took it,
but when Apo got serious, it was important.

"The Technocracy wants to cut the whole thing
loose and send it adrift. The Nephandi and their poi-
soned iwa want to reduce the Dream to ashes. Shifters
live out there, and they're completely unpredictable.
Plus, you got spirits who all want different things,
Olodumare's storms which'll knock you on your ass into
who knows where, and what's more, the landscape's
always changing so you can never get your bearings. It's
your responsibility to deal with all these things, figure
out what the symbols and omens mean and bring that
knowledge to the people who count on you to keep
them safe."

Apo puffed on his cigarillo, managing to keep the
smoke and smell down remarkably well despite the con-
fines of Adam's compact. Especially with the windows up
and the air-conditioning on. "That's a heavy burden, and
a lot of shamans chafe under it. I know I did. But we're not
Joe Average anymore. We're medicine men, and we have
a sacred duty to guard the spirit ways and pass them on to
your descendants.

"Otherwise, we're dead, and the world dies with us."

The Tree of the World:
A Shamanic Cosmology

AN As they approached the site of their journey,

=) 4 Apo began lecturing. I hate when he does this,

(fq Adam thought. But he had to take the bad
with the good.

"All right. You've never met a sorcerer

@e — | mean, from another Tradition — so, let

4g me tell you something, a little warning in

Ve. advance. When they talk about the layout of
Le 4 the Umbrae, they're totally wrong."

"About all of it?"

"Okay, maybe not totally... I mean, the Verbena, the
Cultists and the Euthanatos have similar views on the Spirit
as we do. But the rest of them... forget it. Hermetics will try
and classify every last thing until they've Named the whole
damn world. They're almost as bad as Technocrats."

Adam nudged him. "You're doing it again."

"Yes, I know, I know," Apo said impatiently. "I'll stop.
Akashics will never give you a straight answer about any-
thing. Choristers are too busy seeing angels. The Euthanatos
deal almost exclusively with ghosts, so their knowledge of
the other aspects of the Spirit is lacking. And forget the
Ether Scientists or the Virtual Adepts — they'll babble for
hours about ‘alternate dimensions' and horse shit like that.

"See, none of them get it, because they've all cut
themselves off. They've all forgotten the primal spark, that
time when all things were one. They're working from rules

that came much too late in the game, after everything
fractured. Being a shaman is about realizing that all worlds
are one. Even though they seem totally disparate, they're all
different ways of looking at the same thing. We know this,
so it's easier for us to make the mental shift."

"So here's the deal. The world is a tree. This world
here, this is just the most obvious aspect of the tree. It's the
bark, it's the leaves, it's what you can touch. The spirit
world is the inside of the tree, the essence of it. You go
higher up, you reach.the sky, the ineffable. For simplicity's
sake, we'll call it the High Umbra. This is the realm of
ideas, abstract concepts and other nonsense. Pure theory,
Isay. We'll go there, but it's not a place suited for shamans.
Why would you want to sit on your ass and contemplate
the idea of something when you can step off your cloud
and actually experience the real thing?"

Adam nodded. "Makes sense, I suppose...."

"Now, you go in the middle, you're in the heart of the
tree. We'll call this the Middle Umbra. This is where we
spend most of our time. This is our domain. This realm
belongs to us — well, us and the shifters, anyway. It's the
primal urge, it's life and death and ecstasy rolled into one.
It's where the iwa are. Iwa, as opposed to Umbrood, who
exist out in the High Umbra. You'll get sorcerers who call
any spirit an Umbrood. Make sure to ignore them."

Adam grinned. "Yes, Apo."

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 57

NOK

ID.

) ne

"You go down, you're at the roots, with all the fallen leaves
and fruits decaying around you. This is the Underworld, the
Shadowlands, the whole kit and kaboodle. You saw a glimpse
of that when the spirits took you. Aside from speaking with the
spirits of our ancestors, youdon't want anything todo with that
place. Miserable doesn't begin to describe it, but there's no life
without death, right? Still, it's an atrocity, one I don't expect
you to visit too often. You aren't a Euthanatos, after all.

"And all through the tree are knots and irregularities
and weird branches that are just there. Those are Zones and
Realms and the like. And then, when you get to the top of
the tree, you can see the stars. That's the Dreamshell. You
can break the Dreamshell and walk to the stars, but not
until you're a lot tougher. Like me." Apo grinned, a fresh
cigarillo between his lips.

Adam gave him a look and drove on.

Looking Through the Veil

It was near dusk when they arrived at a
forgotten clearing in the Maine forest. Adam
built a fire as Apo unpacked blankets, drums,
masks, rum and other "tools of the trade" (as
Adam called them) from the car.

Apo grinned. "I love this place. You can
} feel it, can't you? The closeness of the spirit
world? Youcan't get that in the city, not even
in my sanctum. Plus, there are fewer eyes out
here. And I have friends watching."

Adam could feel the thinness of the Gauntlet here, the
power of Mother Earth beneath his feet. "What is this place?"

"It's a gate. I helped build it, along with some friends of
mine. It's a place where it's easier to make the leap across.
Now, start setting the place up like I taught you. We have

58 The Spirit Ways

a!

to prepare ourselves for what we're about to do. Just keep in
mind that you won't always have this luxury."

"What do you mean?"

Apo sighed. "All right, let me put it in perspective.
Even if you just look across to see the world beyond, that's
a spirit quest in and of itself. When you're looking, you are
gone from this world. That's what you've been training to
do — leave your body, leave the shell and experience the
vision. Like the Ecstatics, we break free from the constraints
of our physical selves and experience the spiritual. We just
have better reasons for doing so.

"And there are so many ways of getting there. I mean,
it's not always about jumping through the Gauntlet. I've
gone on many spirit quests when my body has stayed right
here. Whether it's through dancing, taking tobacco, going


into a trance or even going to sleep — whatever is necessary
to get your spirit out of your body and into the Othérworlds.

"And sometimes, you'll have visions when you're not
even trying. I've had more than my share of waking dreams.
Theiwacan be demanding, and sometimes it gets annoying,
but waking dreams are always important. If the iwa are
taking the risk to come to you and bless you with wisdom,
you better pay close attention."

Apo stood up.

"Now, you ready?"

Adam nodded.

"You sure?"

"Yes."

"Good. Drink this."

Adam opened his eyes. Apo was holding a wooden cup
in front of Adam's face. "Trust me."

"What is this, Alice in Wonderland?"

"No, this is better. Besides, Lewis Carroll was an Ecstatic."

Adam took the cup. It smelled like rancid grapefruit juice.

"Wait!" Aposaid."Youdidn'teat anything today, did you"

"Don't you trust me?" Adam grinned. He swallowed
the contents of the cup.

Almost immediately, a swirling cacophony of visions
assaulted Adam's brain. He heard Apo pick up his drum and
start playing... heard his mentor talk about concentrating,
floating... everything got brighter, more vivid as things
slowed around him....

Adam looked up. A rope ladder hung from the clouds.
He could see Apo already ascending it. Adam looked down.
Apo and Adam were sitting around the fire. Adam looked
up again. Apo waved for him to come up.

Swallowing, Adam gripped the rope ladder and be-
gan to ascend.

Walking the Spiril:
The Shaman
inthe Umbra

For as we have seen, a number of myths refer to a
22] Primordial time when all human beings could ascend
:| to heaven, by climbinga mountain, atree, or aladder,
| or flying by their own power, or being carried by birds.
/ — Mircea Elaide, Shamanism
Through sticky-sweet dry-ice chills,
g through tingles like his whole body had fallen
4 asleep, through a breakthrough, a mem-
brane... Adam opened his eyes and found
himself outside, but not quite. The trees were taller, and
they glowed with an energy he had never seen before...
even the rocks seemed alive... the air full of mist... the

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 59

EN


NG Ail

VAN

moona fat circle, glistening like a diamond... and there was
Apo, smiling, glowing like a beacon.

Adam took a step and promptly collapsed. Apo rushed
over and cradled him. "Careful! Easy, easy, easy... you're
not used to it yet, and it can be rather disorienting. The first
time's always the hardest."

Adam lay there, like a man shell-shocked. "I halluci-
nated... I was above myself... I saw everything... this... is
this... is this real?"

Apo smiled. "Well, here's a question for you: When you

saw yourself floating above your body — why is that a
hallucination? And does that mean this is a hallucination?
And where is the hallucination coming from? And in the
end, does it really matter? After all, if this is in your mind,

Getting There is Half the Fun

So how does a shaman.enter the Otherworlds? Well,
there are any number of means. The foci and techniques of
shamanic ecstasy are detailed in Chapter Two. Ingamespeak
terms, here are the ways ashaman may travel in the Umbra:

Spirit 1— Spirit Sight. What players tend to forget is that
while a character is peeking into the Umbra, he is oblivious to
the "real" world. A shaman understands that to look upon the
dream is sacred in and of itself, and he will never just. "turn on
his Spirit sense." The basic variation looks at the Penumbra
around the shaman. Correspondence 2 allows the shaman to
look anywhere in the Umbra that is accessible to him:

Spirit 2— The Sacred Touch. At Spirit 2, the shaman
can speak to, call and touch iwa on the other side. Keep in
mind that doing so does not compel spirits against their will.
The Sacred Touch is a method of asking, and if a shaman
isn't polite, the iwa will ignore him — or worse. Correspon-
dence 2, again, allows the shaman to interact completely
with spirits anywhere he can go. The shaman will appear as
a faint outline of himself when using this technique.

(The preceding methods are risky in that the shaman is
completely vulnerable' to anything that happens in the
material world, as with astral projection. A Dreamspeaker
employing this technique better have a secure sanctum or
friends watching him. Keep in mind, though, that these
rituals are considered asacred spirit quest in their own right.)

Time 2 — Swimming the River. Most people don't
believe Time magic has anything todo with spirits. Shamans
would heartily disagree. The gift of prophecy or second sight
is indeed a blessing of the iwa. Although not as adept with
zeitgeists as the Cult of Ecstasy, shamans still consider Time
2 as a vision granted for knowledge and wisdom.

Spirit 3 — Stepping Sideways. The shaman can now
enter the Umbra physically. When he does so, his body is
transformed into ephemera. Rules for spirit travel and
combat appear in the Mage rulebook. He can go any-
where in the Umbrae that will allow him, including

60 The Spirit Ways

then it doesn't matter, does it? But if this really is happening,
and you're actually in the Umbra, does that prove anything"
Adam turned the words over in his mind. "I guess not..."
"It's like I told you before: Alll distinctions between worlds are
pointless. They're mental walls, keeping you from seeing Creation.
You can believe that this is just an ayahuasca-induced vision—"
"I drank ayahuasca? No wonder I feel so wobbly."
"Yes, bless my Amazonian friends for their wisdom. Now, as I
was saying, you can believe this is fantasy, or you can believe you're
dreaming thiswholething, oryoucan believe you're physicallyhere.
Either way, you're here. So why bring theory into it? You're blessed
with this experience — why fill your heart with doubt"
Apo helped his young pupil up. Adam wasn't so shaky
anymore. Apo gave him a hug. "You are my student, and

Maya, the Dream Realms. (Remember that shamans are
the only mages who can step sideways into Maya — see
Dreamspeakers, page 66.)

Mind 4 — Walk in Dreams. The shaman can astrally
project himself into the Umbra while asleep —— in ‘es-
sence, having a guided dream. into the Otherworlds.

Spirit 4 — Breach the Gauntlet. The shaman can
bring other people into the Umbta.as well.

Mind 5—— Untether. The shaman can astrally project
anywhere, anytime.

Spirit 5 Break the Dreamshell. A shaman with Spirit
5.can pass through the Horizon and walk among the stars. It
helps ifhe starts at an Anchorhead, but it's possible anywhere
along the Horizon. Of course, just because he can, doesn't
mean he should — that is, unless he has lots of Quintessence,
a good sense of navigation and plenty of patience.

Shamans usually use Spirit magic as opposed to astral
projection when visiting the Otherworlds, as they're
more concerned with preserving the heart of Mother
Earth than with visiting the fortress of government in the
Epiphamies: Still, it's always good to have alternatives...

The key here, however, is that shamans need time and
preparation to embark on any spiritual undertaking, even
if it's justa quick peek through the Gauntlet. Asashaman's
Arete increases, of course, his ability tosee the Otherworlds
comes more naturally. A newly initiated shaman, however,
must focus all of his concentration to break the Gauntlet
and see the other side. In an emergency (such as combat),
a shaman can call upon the iwa to bless his eyes or open a
passage to the Otherworlds, but the results are not as potent
or clear. And, lest the medicine-worker forget, the spirits
have excellent memories when it comes to who begged for
their help in a pinch, and they will not let a shaman forget
that they saved him from the HIT Mark....

For the complete rules to Umbral travel, please refer
to The Book of Worlds, pages.184-6.


you are a blessed being. I knew you would make the
journey safely."

And with that, they started walking off into a dream
made real.

The Real Side of Reality

"So where are we now?" Adam asked as they
made their way through the forest.

"The world closest to our own, the mirror
WAY of ours, unclouded by sweet lies and shrugs.
/ Here, everything appears as it truly is. Some
call this place the Penumbra. They claim that
™@ it is merely the reflection of Earth, but I tell
*41 you, this is the essence of what we call reality."
Adam marveled at his surroundings. "The
trees are huge here."

Apo laughed. "That's because nature is more powerful
than men want to believe. This is how the forest was from
the beginnings of time, before the Europeans came and cut
everything down. I bet you didn't know that the settlers
clear-cut the entire eastern seaboard."

"No, I didn't."

Apo shook his head. "Well, while in the white man's

nightmare reality, all the trees are relatively small and young, the.

original remain here in the Penumbra — a reminder that there
are some things stronger than man. This area isa Glen, a purified
area untouched by the evil in men's hearts. Here, there is power,
the natural power of the Earth Mother. Youcan feel the love the
Earth has for Her children, even as spoiled and rude as they are."

"So is there a Penumbra in the city?" Adam asked.

"Oh yes," Apo answered. "Much different from here.
There, the concrete and asphalt chokes the spirit world,
and iwa breed like maggots, feeding on the pollution spill-
ing into the air. There are areas called Blights there,
perverse inversions of Glens. There, the poisoned spirits
rise up from a spawning pool of filth, attempting to degrade
people who hold themselves too proudly. Humility," Apo
said, "is a must in this line of work."

"So there's nothing good in the city?"

Apo sighed. "Well, it depends. There are spirits every-
where, of course, and some shamans deal with the modern ones
— steel, glass, plastic, those sorts of things. But those shamans
have amuch harder time dealing with the Otherworlds. For one
thing, it's harder to cross. For another, the Penumbra of a city is
more hazardous to a shaman who's connected with nature."

Adam frowned. "But you live in the city. Isn't that kind
of hypocritical?"

"I suppose it is. But ] am an instructor, and my clients
are in the city —- convenience weighs down even on a
shaman." Apo laughed, frightening off a squirrel spirit.
"Besides, my apartment is a sacred space, so I am protected
from the dangers of the city — spiritually, anyway."

"Yeah. Just keep those doors locked, okay?" Adam
said, grinning.

Marking the Trail

They had been walking through the for-
Sest for about half an hour when Apo
suddenly declared that it was time to visit
the Middle Umbra.

"Sure," said Adam. "How do we get there?"

"How do you get anywhere?" Apo asked.
ug "You follow the path."

"Okay, so where's the path?"
"Damned if I know," Apo shrugged.

Adam gaped. "What?"

"Like I said before, the spiritual geography changes.
There's been a path here in the past, so there might be one
here again. Then again, maybe not. It's almost a full moon,
though, so it shouldn't be hard to find."

Adam sighed. He knew when Apo wanted him to do
something for himself. All part of the teaching, I guess....
He started looking through the forest, looking at the
moon, which shone with an unearthly intensity... looked
at the trees...

TS _ =e

And then he found it. Runes carved into a tree. He
recognized the language.
"It's the language of the iwa... "

»
"Yes, it is. Another Dreamspeaker carved it into this
tree for his brothers to read. What does it say?"

Adam bit his lip, concentrated. "Um... Journey here...
this way to reach the middle of the world.' There's gotta be
a path around here."

Apo smiled while Adam looked around the tree. Soon,
however, Adam's pride turned into frustration. There didn't
seem to be a trail anywhere near him.

"The side of the tree," called Apo.

"I'm looking there," Adam said.

"No, no, no — the side of the tree," Apo repeated.

Adam sat up. He looked around. Finally, he saw the
three-foot-wide hole in the tree. "Oh. It didn't occur to me."

Apo laughed. "That's because you're thinking like a
human, not an animal. Come on."

And Apo walked into the hole and disappeared.
Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 61

IDK

ISS Ze

NG Ail
q The Blessings and Curses of Being a Shaman
b/

Shamans have an instinctive closeness to the spirit world. They are the undisputed masters of all things spiritual.
This closefiess to the Dream, however, has both benefits and curses.

Blessings
Animal Mind — When dealing with the Umbra, the Middle Realm in particular, shamans have a distinct

advantage over anyone else because they have an innate understanding of how.the logic in these worlds works. A

shaman removes himself froma structured (i.e, logical, orderly and otherwise Technocratic) mindset and acts on

instinct and "animal sense." (Buy those Intuition scores up!) The shaman acts inthe realm of myth:and archetype

—the example of Adam climbing the tree to reach the Aetherian Reaches is an example of how this illogical logic

works. Abstract thought only hinders the intuitive nature of the Middle-Realm, and only shamans have been

trained properly in how to break free and achieve the animal brain. Reaching this state occurs mostly through

roleplaying, although the Storyteller might allow a roll of Perception + Intuition, Cosmology or Enigmas to reduce

navigation difficulties.

(Yes, it is confusing to other members of a cabal when a shaman starts acting like a dog. Yes; this will raise many eyebrows

among witnesses. And yes, it's a hell of alot of fun to roleplay.)

Binding the Will — Shamans are experts at making fetishes. The difficulty for them to ¢create'a fetish decreases

by one, as long as they are respectful and polite — and they ask the spirit beforehand.

Dreamwalking — As described in the Dreamspeaker Tradition book, shamans ++ and only shamans:

can step sideways into Maya using Spirit medicine. Other mages must use Mind 3 to visit the Dream Realms.

Note that shamanism isn't exclusive to the Dreamspeakers — there are certainly various Disparate shamans
as shamans.

Iwapo' — The sacred language of the spirits, lwapo', was taught to the sacred representatives of the iwa —

the shamans -— at the beginning of time. Since then, every shaman has passed the language down to his pupils.

Spirits, even High Umbral ones, respond instinctively when a shaman addresses them in Iwapo'. The language

also exists in.a written version, which shamans use to leave spirit markings for'their brethren, indicating

warnings and directions. (Iwapo' bears a slight resemblance to Garou glyphs difficulty 10 to translate between

the two. Also, lwapo' and Enochian (see Order of Hermes) share the same ancient linguistic base, so there is

a chance — with five successes on an Intelligence + appropriate Knowledge roll (difficulty 9) — that someone

who knows one might be able to grasp the basics of the other. The extent of either of those translations is limited,

however. Think of bad English subtitles of a Japanese B-movie gone to hell, and you have an idea of what might

and even a few shamanistic types in the Verbena and Order of Hermes — but almost.all Dreamspeakers count
be communicated.)

Knowing the Dream's Desires — Shamans are trained for years on the nature of spirits and what they want. Most
shamans are familiar with the various sorts of spirits, their powers and their limitations: For those of you who use the
ubiquitous "Lore" Abilities, a shaman typically begins play with some Spirit Lore, and he can learn more: easily,
without the painstaking study and trial-and-error more common to other types of magicians.

The Primal Root —- Shamans make little to no distinction between the Umbrae. The High, Middle, and Low
Realms flow seamlessly into.each other— they're all part of the same tree, just different sections. Shamans find it easier
to cross from one Umbral aspect to another (i.e., from Middle to High Umbra). The difficulty of the appropriate dice
rolls reduces by one.

Respect of the Iwa —Most importantly, a shaman will automatically hold more weight with spirits than anyone
else. Ifa cabal with an Akashic, a Hermetic, a Virtual Adept anda Dreamspeaker approaches a spirit, the spirit will almost
certainly address the Dreamspeaker first. Moreover, ifa shaman and another mage are:competing for the services of a
spirit, all things being equal, the spirit will side with the shaman. The spirit knows that the shaman is the least likely to
go back on his word when: a bargain is struck.

Unfettered Vision — Because of this primal affinity with the spirit world, shamans can see almost every aspect
of the Umbra. The only exceptions'are the Epiphamies (unless the shaman has Mind 4) and afew Realms of the Middle
Umbra (specifically; Erebus, Pangaea, Summer Country and Wolfhome, which are the exclusive domain of the
Garou) —- shamanscan only travel in strange overlaps between these Realms.

62 The Spirit Ways

——


Walking with Spirits —- When a shaman enters the Umbra, those spirits that walk with him become visible.
Totems emerge, providing power (and intimidation in:some cases) to the shaman. If the shaman has five dots in his
Avatar background, that aspect of his own spirit. becomes visible as well. (A Native American shaman walking
through the Umbral plains with Thunderbird stretched above him and a potent Ancestor Spirit beside him makes
a tremendous impression.) Familiars generally grow to at least twice their size, unless their spirits emphasize stealth
or cunning. Also, a shaman will receive respect (and possibly assistance) from other spirits of their totem's Brood (see

Axis Mundi.)

Of course, blessings wouldn't be complete without...

Curses

Bleedover — Too much exposure to the spirit world has-another price. Bleedover occurs when the shaman's
affinity with the spirit world intrudes on his mundane perceptions. What is real and what is dream intersect for a few
moments, confusing the hell out of the shaman who sees the Addiction Bane hovering around a chain smoker.
Meditation (on the material side of the Gauntlet) will usually sort these problems out. However, bleedover is also the
first step toward Quiet.

Disconnection — A shaman who spends too much time in the Otherworlds (anywhere from four months toa
year without contact with Earth) will eventually lose his mortal body and become a spirit. While a few shamans might
want to cultivate this step (Dreamspeaker lore is full of legends of mortal men who became iwa), players should ask
themselves if they really want to lose their characters in this fashion. Storytellers should also consider the possible
pitfalls of this sort of metamorphosis, and they may bar it from their games outright (especially with the potential
headache of crossovers).

Quiet — As mages who interact with two worlds at once, shamans are notoriously prone to this state of mind.
Paradox backlashes almost always take this form. When a Paradox backlash isn't.an angry spirit or a bizarre Flaw, it
should be an episode of dreamlike Quiet.

Western anthropologists used to classify shamans as insane. While doing so was arrogant presumption on the part
of those who cannot see the Dream, a shaman will occasionally sink into his own pocket of reality. The shaman sees
spirits everywhere. The Gauntlet becomes meaningless to him. He may believe he is in'a Mythic World when he's
sitting in a coffeehouse. Worse yet, the hobgoblins of insane shamans.aren't just extensions of his own insanity, but
also material spirits that feed from the shaman's Quintessence. A shaman in Quiet is.a beacon to every iwa in a mile
radius — good and bad.

The big problem. with trying to cure shamans in Quiet is that they. don't want to be cured. After all, the
reunification of spirit and matter is one of the goals of the Dreamspeakers. Their sympathy for Wyld mages sometimes
borders-on jealousy. Insane shamans tend to go Marauder at'an astounding rate. Hopefully, the shaman has friends
willing to bring him back to this world....

Too Much Respect — Since all-iwa (save the poisoned spirits of the Wyrm/ Nephandi/ Darkness) are sacred,
shamans feel an obligation to appease and treat all spirits with respect: While doing so does not present a problem
with friendly spirits, it makes dealing with the more dangerous spirits (Griffin, Stag, Falcon, etc.) a hazardous
proposition. In some cases, Void Engineers have an edge on shamans. They're much more willing to blast a charging
spirit than to attempt to outwit it. And.a tomahawk does.a lot less damage than a Ghostduster...

What's more, shamans can fall into the trap of trying to appease every spirit they come across. Most novices
become walking feed stores, bringing way too many herbs, seeds and other foci into the Umbra just in case. Again,
a discriminating sense of the word "no" comes in handy here.

Voice of the iwa (Constantly) — A shaman's responsibility isto make the wishes of the Iwa known. Spirits have
little patience and less tact. Once a shaman begins speaking for a. few spirits, he'll find that they besiege him
continually with all sorts of tasks. Unless a shaman learns how to say "no" in a polite manner, spirits will swarm around
him constantly. (The Spirit Magnet Flaw is quite appropriate for shamans. Coupled with the Medium Merit, acharacter
might go insane.)

Waking Dreams --- Sometimes,-an Avatar, a totem or a rather powerful spirit has.its own ideas of when a shaman
should be in the Otherworlds. Waking dreams, powerful visions that overtake a shaman, aré common occurrences.
Unfortunately, they tend to happen at exactly the wrong times, like when the shaman is doing 80 down I-95, making
love or sneaking through a Progenitor Lab. (Couple this curse with the Strangeness Flaw for supér-wacky fun...)

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 63

a ————_—

IND

My

NG All|

TheMiddleRealm

I have been to the end of the earth.
‘ I have been to the end of the waters.
ya] I have been to the end of the sky.
WW I have been to the end of the mountains.
I have found none that were not my friends.
f')| — Traditional Navaho song
; After Adam entered the hole in the tree,
& he found himself on a path that glowed like
silver beneath his feet. Apo stood there as well, his essence
glowing even stronger. Adam could almost make out the
Trickster surrounding him, grinning.
Then it was gone. The glow disappeared from Apo.
"Ready?" he asked.
"What happened?"
Apo tilted his head in confusion, then: "Oh! I dimmed
my aura. No need attracting attention from the spirits."
Adam frowned. "I thought that was what we came here for."
Apo took Adam by the arm and started walking down
the path. "Well, yes and no... we don't need every spirit in
the whole Umbra swarming me with requests. It's always best
to keep as low a profile as possible. Humility, remember?"

As the path continued, the mist crept up around
their feet. The big bright moon — was there a face in
there? Adam couldn't tell — illuminated a vast land-
scape. Mountains off in the horizon, a frothing river
visible from their location... the mist couldn't conceal
the ten thousand eyes blinking at them from the dark-
ness, watching them, sizing them up, possibly respectful...
somewhere, off in the distance, a wolf howled. It might
be one of those werewolves Apo mentioned, the Stride
Riters. (Yeah, Adam, you bigmoron, he thought, awerewolf —
tribe named after a shoe store, what's wrong with you?). Just
the scope of the land before him, the faint glimmer
through the mist of the paths winding their way through
the world... around him the evergreens reached impos-
sible heights, nearly touching the myriad stars that shone
with an unreal intensity above him.

And as Adam stood there, in the Middle Realm, he
realized there was no way anyone could view this and feel
hubris. Here, the Earth Mother — Gaia, the Goddess, what-
ever you wanted to call it — ruled. Here, a human was just
another component of Nature, no better than anything else.

Humility, indeed.

Dealing with Dream Figures

| OfferingsandPyres

The path continued through the mists. Apo
led on, pointing things out as they went
along. The tree they went through to get
there was called an airt. They were appar-
ently walking on a moon path, made from
silver and moonlight. Occasionally a silver

' blur would race past them ~~ Apo said they
were servants of the Moon, but they had nothing to fear, for
Apo made a propitiation to Luna when they crossed over
and received her blessing. Still, it was disconcerting to see
a blur of quicksilver blow past you.

"This is amazing, Apo. This whole realm. .. it's astounding."

Apo chuckled. "Of course it is. Didn't I tell you so?"

Adam smiled. "How far does it go?"

"It's endless. Just like the world. It can go on forever, to
the horizon, to wherever you wish to go."

A noisy flight of birds caught Adam's attention. They
flew overhead and perched on a cloud. Adam blinked.
"How did they do that?"

Apo followed Adam's gaze. "Ah. That is the Aetherian
Reaches. It's a Realm within this world."

"Really? Can we go there?"

64 The Spirit Ways

"T don't know. Can we?"

Adam looked at his mentor. "Oh, fine."

He sat down among the roots and took out his rattle.
Closing his eyes, he began chanting in Yoruba, asking the
orishas and iwa for assistance. A robin swooped down from
a tree and landed in front of him.

"The human has a question," the robin said.

Adam nodded. "Yes, the human does."

The robin cocked its head. "The human knows the
ancient words. Does the human have some food for me?"

Adam searched his bag, looking for something a robin
might want. Apo nudged him. In his hand he held a big,
slimy worm. Adam made a face, but took it. It writhed in its
fingers as he set it before the robin. The robin quickly
lunged at it, capturing it perfectly in its beak.

"Ask your question, human."

"How does one get to the Aetherian Reaches?"

The bird cocked its head.

"Up there." Adam pointed to the clouds.

The robin nodded. "To reach clouds, you must leap off
trees." And with a hop, the robin flew away.

Adam stared, confused. "Um, Apo...
posed to help?"

was that sup-


Apo laughed. "Adam, the bird told you exactly what you
wanted. Think about it — you're talking to an animal spirit, not a
human. The animal will not befuddle you. Unless you talk to a
Trickster spirit like Fox or Raven (or Eshu)—" Apo winked "—a
spirit will tell you directly and bluntly how to achieve your goal. In
order to get around in the Middle Realm, you have to think like a
natural being and not an urban yuppie. It is a more primal way of
thinking, but that's how the Middle Realm works. Now, the clouds
are up. You want to get up. What's the quickest way to get up?"

Adam sputtered. "Um... grow wings... ask for a wind
spirit... um..."

"You're thinking too complex. Think simple. How do
you go up?"

"You fly... you lift up... you... you climb a tree. Of
course. To reach clouds, you must leap off trees!"

"Exactly. Keep abstractions and surrealism for the High
Umbra. Here, you have to think like the animal you are."

"Allright. Well, I'm gonna see the Aetherian Reaches.
Wanna come?" Adam asked as he began climbing a tree.

"Of course," Apo said. He levitated gently up through
the air and into the clouds.

Adam stared, cursed under his breath, and contin-
ued climbing.

Propitiation _

No one gets something for nothing. If a shaman
wants a spirit to perform a service for him, the spirit has
a long list of demands to choose from. And the shaman
had better be willing to-keep his side of the bargain.

Each spirit has its own ways of being appeased (see
Axis Mundi: The Book of Spirits for an exhaustive list
of spirits a shaman will encounter in the Middle Um-
bra). The medicine bags shamans carry contain more
than foci. They hold offerings to any spirit a shaman
might come. across.

When a shaman wishes to appease a spirit, the
player makes a Spirit Lore roll (difficulty based on the
rarity of the spirit) to figure out what the best:appease-
ment-is. Take the example at the beginning ‘of the
chapter. Running Deer needs to figure out which path
to take. He sees an owl spirit sitting in a tree. Knowing
that Owl probably knows the lay of the land, Running
Deer conjures up a mouse —.a tasty treat the owl spirit
will be sure to like. In exchange for the mouse, Owl
points the correct way. That's how propitiation works.

Of course, propitiation and chiminage can get out
of hand quickly, especially when dealing with some of
the more violent spirits. At this point, being a shaman
(rather than a Hermetic or Void Engineer) gets tricky.
It's easier fora Technomancer to blast an attacking spirit
than to bargain with it: Sometimes, the patience and
humility that shamans practice can backfire on them.

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 65

EO


NG Ail

Willworkers in the Mist

i WGN It took Adam 15 minutes to get to the top of
f \"N/¥% the pine tree. Once up there, he found Apo,
] lounging on a cloud, puffing contentedly on
4 a cigarillo.
: Adam's eyes bored into Apo. "You could
fy fly up here that whole time? What about all
#4 that talk of acting like an animal?"

Apo blew a perfect smoke ring. "You
acted like an animal just fine." He grinned
like the Cheshire cat as he extended a hand to Adam.

Once safely on the cloud, Adam looked around. The
Umbrascape extended to the horizon below him, a mist-
enshrouded world with a barely visible layout of silver
pathways going everywhere. It was astonishing — but not
as astonishing as when he looked up.

Adam was looking into the deepest eye of infinity.

The moonand the sun just hanging there, close enough
to touch, to hold in his palm... he could see planets — he
swore he could hear the stars talking to him. It was unreal
— a faint jeweled rainbow enveloped the sky... and the
faint outline of a zeppelin floated above.

Adam shook his head. The zeppelin was still there.

"Apo? Why is there a blimp above us?"

Wentto the Middle Universe,

Apo looked up. "Ohhhbh... looks like an Ethership.
Don't worry, it's just the Sons out for a joyride."

"They're here in the Reaches?"

"No no no... technology doesn't work in this Realm.
We're looking up directly at the High Umbra. Top of the
trees, remember? The Sons of Ether seem to love it there.
You'll also find some Virtual Adepts, when they deign to
step out of the Digital Web."

Apo got up and walked out on a beam of nothing. After.
cautiously testing to make sure he wouldn't plummet to his
death, Adam followed.

They passed another cloud where... something... was |.
going on. After looking over to see what the commotion
was, Adam quickly looked away.

"Ah. Ecstatics."

Apo chuckled. They kept strolling.

"So Apo, are we the only ones here? 1 mean, besides them..."

"No, not at all. The Verbena also enjoy this place,
although they seem more interested in their bloody-handed
rites than in serving the iwa. Not all Verbena are bad,
though. Most of them remember to appease the old gods.
Some Ecstatics like it, as you have seen. Even the Euthanatos
will grace the Realm with thei ion. But

and All Got Was This Gaping Head Wound

Dreamspeakers and other mages who travel the Middle Umbra often wonder where their erstwhile foes, the Void
Engineers, are. After all, the rest of the spirit world seems to crawl with orange-jumpsuited geeks with spaceships and
laser pistols. Yet they are conspicuously absent in the Middle Realms.

.The Void Engineers loathe the Middle Umbra. In their eyes, it's the bottom of the barrel when it comes to exploration.

The Penumbra offers Node sanitation and Qui La Machinae, the High Umbra is a conceptual playground — hell, at least
Darkside Moonbase, for all its suicidal Resonance, hasan interesting view! To the VEs, the Middle Umbra (otherwise known
as the Middle Universe, the Savage Land, the Lost Continent of Mu and That Shithole) is the worst place to be assigned.
The environment is hostile, the shamanic RDs are on their home turf, and homicidal werebeasts roam the terrain.

There'salso not much here that the Void Engineers need. The Middle Umbra is considered a telic, a ghostly museum clinging
tenuously to an Earth that has surpassed it. The VEs may do a rare favor for the Progenitors, who may need an unavailable (i.e.,
extinct on Earth) species for one of their experiments. However, the only real reason the VEs pay attention tothis part of the Umbra
is that the Garou pass freely between the Middle Umbra and Earth ~~ a violation of the Gauntlet that cannot be tolerated.

Therefore, Void Engineers.assigned to Middle Universe duty are either misfits who screwed up one too many times
ot psychotic slabs of beef with heavy weaponry. It takes a certain mindset to want to march into an extradimensional
forest filled with wild animals and hunt packs of Garou. The battles here are sporadic, yet legendary in their sheer
carnage. Moon paths have been annihilated because of Garou-VE battles.

The Convention keeps a small battalion assigned to the outskirts of the Cyberrealm/ Dystopia, ostensibly to keep
unauthorized personnel from entering the Realm. The attrition rate for this unit is appalling — when you're trying to prevent
Glass Walkers from entering their native Realm, things get very ugly very quickly. The unspoken purpose of the patrol unit
is to provide an efficient and guilt-free way for DESATC to rid the Convention of its problem cases. The rank-and-file
Engineers are quite aware of this purpose, and an assignment to the Cyberrealm unit prompts smart VEs to get in touch with
their contacts in the other three factions of the war. The not-so-smart ones come back in Ziploc bags —- if at all.

66 The Spirit Ways

a

this place is our home, our soul, our nurturing mother.
Along with the shifters, this is our domain to defend against
any who try to intrude. It's also the place where we come
looking for answers. If you are ever filled with doubt, with
uncertainty — as you will be, as everyone gets sometimes —
come here. You will find the answers you seek here, away
from the bang and clatter of the modern world."

Adam nodded. "But doesn't the Technocracy come
here? Don't I have to worry about them?"

"It's odd," said Apo. "I have traveled all the different
aspects of the Umbra. And I've found the Void Engineers
everywhere — the Penumbra, High Umbra, even out in the
Dreamshell — but I've never come across one here. I don't
understand why — perhaps the place isn't to their liking.
But that is a tremendous advantage, my boy. If they're not
invading here, this might just be the last refuge for the
planet from the coming storm."

Adam raised an eyebrow. "Storm?"

Apo sighed. "I'll tell you about this later. Let's just say
that if the end does come — which a great many people
believe is happening — we will be prepared."

"That's rather cryptic."

Apo shrugged. "Life isn't straightforward."

Adam nodded. "So that's it? Just us and some naked
Ecstatics, maybe the occasional Verbena?"

"Oh, no," said Apo. "That's just the beginning. You also
have other mages coming here. The priests of the Bata'a and
the Kopa Loei know this place quite well. I'd avoid both of
them, though. While we respect their dedication and dreams,
they're very insular groups — more so than we are — and they
don't respond well to outsiders. Of course, they're changing
these days. They have no choice but to make friends, since the
Technocracy is turning into everybody's enemy.

"And then, the Nephandi and Marauders are here, too.
If you see a Nephandus — and you will, because the poisoned
iwa will swarm around him like hornets — kill him. No
talking, no reasoning, just stick a knife in his black heart and
watch him die." Adam was amazed —- Apo had never talked
this way before. Not even about the Technocracy.

"The Marauders, though, have a gift that the rest of us
could never understand. They carry their Dream with them
at all times. They've thrown off the shackles of the mundane.
Insane, yes, but also fiercely in touch with the primal nature.
They traverse this world often, looking for allies and subjects.
Be cautious when dealing with them — they might uninten-
tionally lash out, or even pull you into their dreams."

Other Dreamers

-§] Suddenly, a large, ebon bird landed on a
1.) cloud in front of them. Before either could
4] react, the glossy creature became a wiry young
\{ girl in leather pants and a halter-top.
"Hey!" she said in abrassy, Brooklyn, New
| York accent. "You guys are wizards, right?"
Adam bristled. "Who's asking?"

"Name's Razor Wire," said the girl. "I'ma
raven... more ot less. And if 1 were you, I'd get
the fuck out of here pronto."

Adam got angry despite himself. "What the hell's that
supposed to mean?"

The girl met him straight on. "It means that a pack of
werewolves are about to tear through here. I'm faster than
them, sol can warnall you sorcery-types, but you've got about
three minutes to vamoose before they turn you into jerky."

Apostepped forward. "Is there anything we can dotohelp"

"Not unless you wanna die," said Razor Wire. "These guys
are lunatics. I gotta warn everybody here, including the 'gazers
up top there. Go, get out of here." And then she was a bird again,
flying away. Apo took Adam by the arm, pulled a feather out of
his medicine bag, and called upon Oya, the orisha of the wind.

A gust of wind pushed them off the cloud. Adam nearly
lost his composure until he realized that Apo was control-
ling the wind, and they were flying instead of falling. He
stole a look back at the Aetherian Reaches. He could make

out four or five black-furred wolves running through the
clouds behind them.

"I thought the werewolves were our friends!" Adam
shouted over the din of the wind. "What the hell are we
running away for?"

"We're not running, we're flying!"

"Always with the jokes!"

Apo forced a chuckle. "It's not as easy as that.
Things are quite complicated in that world. So unless
you know exactly what's going on, stay the hell out. They
got their own agenda, and they don't like people butting
in on them."

"So they're not our friends?"

"It depends. Don't assume that a pack of werewolves
will cut youslack just because you're a Dreamspeaker. You'll
wind up dead that way."

"And what about that bird-woman?"

"Hell, the shifters come in all stripes. Who knows how
many species there are? Birds, wolves, cats, spiders, snakes,
squirrels... They're not exactly open with that kind of
thing. Tell you what, if you meet one, treat him as a person
and not a potential bodyguard, and he'll treat you like a
person and not a meat popsicle."

They flew on, and one thing kept racing through
Adam's head:

Meat popsicle?

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 67

NK

MD


Z|
C
\
x

Shamans and Shifters

The relationship between shamans and Gaia's Children has been exaggerated and distorted in the lore of the
Traditions. Some mages seem to think that a shaman can summon a werewolf with the snap of his fingers. Obviously,
the truth is much more complex than that.

It is true that shamans are perhaps the only mages that shifters respect. They honor Gaia (or Mother Earth, Goddess,
or the myriad of other names She is referred to by). They share many of the same goals and visions as Gaia's Children do.
And there have been many instances where Dreamspeakers and shifters have teamed up to achieve a common end, But
the relationship is hardly egalitarian or even friendly. By and large, a major crisis has to occut to get these two groups working
together. Shamans and shifters do not get along all the time. Most shamans don't even know of the existence of shifters.
At this point in time, the werecreatures are so rare that (for the most part) they éxist only in the realm of legend for most
indigenous people, shamans included. Those who interact with the Changing Breeds, however, do so carefully and quietly.

Native American shamans might know one Wendigo — maybe a Corax or a Nuwisha. South American shamans
might correspond with an Uktena or a Bastet. A Slavic shaman might know of the nearby Shadow Lord sept, but he
certainly wouldn't trust any Garou that lived there. A Kopa Loei may know of the Rokea, but that won't stop him
from becoming the weresharks' next meal if he's not careful. The point is that shamans and shifters don't sit around
the campfire in the middle of the Caern cracking jokes and drinking Gnosis/ Quintessence with bendy straws, plotting
how they're gonna go on the warpath and destroy both Pentex and the Syndicate's SPD.

In the eyes of the shifters, shamans are merely lucky humans, gifted by Gaia with limited insight. They are not Gaia's
Chosen. Some of them haven't even heard of Gaia. Besides, a shaman has to struggle for years to learn how to cross the
Gauntlet — something even a metis can do from adolescence. Shifters see shamans as slow-witted nephews who are still
learning what the proper names for things are. What's more, the close company shamans keep (or are presumed to keep)
with "sorcerers" makes them suspect, especially among those shifters who have suffered directly at the hands of conquerors.

It's also important to realize that some shifters will-never acknowledge a shaman's right to. traverse the
Otherworlds. A Get of Fenris will have little to no respect for a Cuban santero. A Silver Fang will not condescend
to share her domain with a voudon priestess. And the Red Talons will kill any human they find on one of their moon
paths — shaman or otherwise. There are some lines that will never be crossed, no matter whose goals will be achieved.
However, not all the prejudice comes from the Garou end of the spectrum, A Realm controlled by Hopi won't be the
most hospitable place for a Glass Walker.to end up.

That being said, some of the Changing Breeds are very interested in shamans and their travels. Children of Gaia tend
to get along best with shamans-——simply because they're not as arrogant as the other tribes — but Uktena are always looking
for new spells and rituals. Bastet and Corax have been known to suck up to, stalk or slavishly follow a shaman in the Middle
Umbra just to get a secret. The few remaining Gurahl have ancient ties with the shamans of their lands. And it's rumored
that the most powerful shamans of the Amazonian rainforest forged pacts with the Mokole long ago.

On the other side of the Gauntlet, it's a matter of avoidance and mutual respect. Unless the parties in question are
obnoxious, stupid or suicidal, shamans and shifters tend to stay out of each other's way. When dealing with shifters
(especially werewolves), a smart shaman knows that the pleasant-looking man in front of him could transform into a
nine-foot-tall engine of death and tear him limb from limb in the blink of an eye —and he acts accordingly. Experienced
shamans know that the spirits aren't the only things that have to be appeased. Then again, an experienced shaman can
take care of himself if a confrontation occurs — if not through combat, then through médicine.

Aspecis of Dream

The first peace, which is the most important, They glided through the cool, misty sky. All around
is that which comes within the souls of men them was the lush terrain of the Middle Realm, except...
when they realize their relationship, their Adam spied ic — a slight fissure in the ground,

oneness, with the universe and all its pow- growing larger as it ran off toward the horizon. "What is
ers, and when they realize that at the center that?" he asked.

of the universe dwells Wakan-Tanka, and Apo looked ahead. "That... is an unfortunate circum-
that this center is really everywhere, it is stance. It's a fissure in the Realm, leading to the Chasm."
within each of us. "The what?"

— Black Elk Apo sighed. "Maybe we should start at the beginning...."

68 The Spirit Ways

The Aetherian Reaches

"Apart from the Middle Realm," began Apo, "there are
seven distinct subrealms here. They're not so much isolated
worlds as much as they are different geographies. You were
already in one of them— the Aetherian Reaches, the realm
of Thunderbird and Oludumare, the last pinnacle of sky
before you hit Heaven. From there, you can look straight
into Paradise."

"Or outer space," Adam remarked.

"Outer space. What a joyless concept. When you
looked out there, tell me you didn't see the eternity of
Creation before you."

"I... yes. Yes, I did."

Apo smiled, a warm understanding smile. "There
resides Father Sun and Sister Moon, mighty spirits who
smile on the work we do. That rainbow you saw — that
was the Dreamshell. You can follow a lightbeam — be it
sun or moon — all the way up through the Reaches and
the High Umbra to the Dreamshell and walk among the
stars. You could talk to the Sun or the Moon, you could
teach the Shenti of creation, you could jog to Cerberus
and back — it's all there. Besides walking among the
clouds, that is.

"There's also the Lodge of the Sky," Apo continued,
lighting a cigarillo as he glided, "which I didn't get a chance
to show you because of the werewolves. But there lies a
grand council of iwa — bird-spirits, thunder totems, wind
elementals from the First World. There are similar places
for other spirits, but they're harder to get to.

"And the best part is," Apo continued, "no one who
believes in science can get there. Not even a Son of Ether."

"Why not?"

Apo grinned. "Because if the men of science say that people
cannot fly, the iwa will make sure they never get the chance."

The Chasm

"Amazing," Adam said. "But what about that crack in
the Realm? What was that?"

A gust of wind blew them toward the gash in the
ground. Now that they were closer, Adam could make out
other crevasses in the land, all converging on something
obscured by the mist.

"It leads to the Chasm," said Apo. "Pray to the iwa that
you never end up there."

"What, like the Grand Canyon?"

Apo's laugh this time was harsh. "More like the abyss
that that Nietzsche fellow wrote about. It's a gash in the
universe, a living wound in Mother Earth's body. It's the
cancer of the darkness, and it's spreading. Slowly, to be sure,
but it's spreading."

"Holy... What's in there?"

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 69

NOK

SS

MD

NE All

"I've been there twice. Both times, the same thing —
just a huge canyon, leading into darkness. The thing is,"
Apo continued, his voice taking an edge of confusion, "it's
the depression and hopelessness one feels there. Like it's all
for nothing." Apo looked like he might say something else,
but he was silent.

Dystopia
After a few more minutes, Adam swore he could see a
huge building off in the distance.

»
——

"What's that out there, that skyscraper-looking thing?"

"That's a skyscraper," Apo answered, unsmiling.

"What? Here? I thought this Realm was just nature!"

"The nightmares of men blight even the dreams of the
world," Apo said. "That is the Realm known as Dystopia. Don't
go there. It's a dank, depressing pit. It's bad enough people live
that kind of life, but to think that there's a whole world dedicated
totharshit, a living monument to greed, stupidity and hate, here
in this Realm... Okay, don't get me started."

As the mist parted, Adam could make out several
other skyscrapers — ultra-modern, sleek and soulless,
the bland fluorescent glow shining off them — and
lower, the red glow of flame. The pristine mist chat
blanketed the rest of the Middle Realm thinned, and, for
the first cime since he arrived here, Adam could smell the
acrid sting of pollution.

The Spirit Ways
y

"It looks like Blade Runner mixed with Dante's In-
ferno," he said.

"A good observation," Apo replied. "Here, the dreams
of the Technoctacy and the Nephandi overlap each other.
I have only been there once, and that was because
Olodumare's storms blew me there. I barely survived."

"Is it growing as well?"

"Possibly, although you won't get me close enough
to measure."

¥
Hy-Brasil

"So are there any Realms that aren't Blights?"
Adam asked.

"Two Realms. You saw two ugly Realms. Don't let that
cloud your mind. The Aetherian Reaches were beautiful,
weren't they? And what of the rest of the Middle Realm?"

"Okay, okay... stereotype gone."

"For example," Apo continued, overlapping his stu-
dent, "there's the Realm called Hy-Brasil. It was made by
the faeries, many centuries ago."

"Faeries? Like sprites and elves and whatnot?"

"Something like that," Apo answered. "To be honest,
I don't know as much about the fae as I'd like. They claim
that they're living dreams, which would certainly make
them blessed beings in the eyes of the iwa, but I haven't
been able to find one to talk to."


"Dreams are fragile. Maybe they're too fragile for real-
ity," Adam said.

Apo looked at his protégé in a new light. "Hey, you're
finally thinking! Thank the orishas."

"Very funny. But if there's anything that this trip has
taught me, it's that if these worlds are the living dream, and
they're cut off from the ‘waking' world, then any dream
being that walked in the waking world is suicidal."

Apo frowned. "I hope you're wrong. Maybe that's why
they built a world here."

They hovered above a strange-looking land that gave
Adam the distinct impression of a snow globe. On one side,
agallant castle, framed by the sun on the horizon, filled with
life and cheer and brightness. On the other, a dark and
gloomy structure, silhouetted against a yellow moon, sur-
rounded by lands shaded in purple and red, dotted with
gnarled dead trees.

"It almost looks like a movie set," said Adam. "As if
someone build what Faerieland is supposed to look like."

"It does look a little static," admitted Apo. "But per-
haps Faerieland is too wild even for the Middle Realm.
Anyway, who knows? I'm simply telling you that all is not
squalor and rot in this world."

"I never said it was, Apo."

"Calling the spirit world squalor and rot..

"Apo, I never said —"

"Squalor and rot, huh?" Apo winked.

The Mythic Worlds

"Hey, you wanna see something funny?" Apo asked
as they continued flying. "I'll show you Joseph Campbell's
idea of paradise." They flew towards a vast plain, strewn
with a hundred different areas: a Greek temple, a medi-
eval castle, a run-down bar — every imaginable scenario
possible.

"What is this place?" Adam asked.

"The Mythic Worlds. Home of the Hero." Apo
laughed. "Here, you can be Hercules or Luke Skywalker or
anyone else you want to be. Like I said, Joseph Campbell
would love it here."

Adam grinned. "Not a big Campbell fan, huh?"

"The fact that he conveniently ignored everything
south and east of Mesopotamia makes me wonder about
him. Plus, there's his focusing so much on the hero
archetype. In Africa and Asia, the good guy doesn't
always win.'

"Does the good guy always win down there?"

"Depends on which one you go into. There used to be
a few of these Realms — they contained the mythology of
every culture on Earth. The stories were passed down from
generation to generation, and the Realms grew in strength.

Now, however, you have professors and critics and who
knows who else deconstructing stories, rewriting history to
suit their own whims. So now you have a hundred different
versions of the legend of King Arthur. Lots of different
beliefs show up here. It annoys me to see a thousand bad
versions of the Star Wars universe — they all look like those
comic books, if you ask me — but none of these kids willing
to venture into the Diaspora mythologies. Ah well — I'm
just a cranky African," Apo said with a laugh.

"The danger, though," Apo continued, "is that once
you enter a world, you can't leave until the adventure's
done. For instance, 1 once wandered into a Star Trek
world. I hate Star Trek, but I was having the time of my life.
I was flying my spaceship and fighting Romulans and
Borgs and who knows what else, and I couldn't leave — I
didn't want to leave — until I had united all these people
in the Galactic Federation or whatever. Plus, this isn't like
a virtual-reality Digital Web thing in there. If you get hurt
in there, you really get hurt.

"So watch where you step, okay?"

The Wasfeland

"There is one place that I can't show you, though I
know it exists: a Realm known as the Wasteland. You can't
find it intentionally, not that you would want to. It's a place
of death and rebirth."

"No thanks — been through that once already." Adam
was smiling. Apo wasn't. "Listen to me, Adam — the iwa
have initiated you once. Sometimes we forget who we serve.
Sometimes we forget we serve anyone at all. That's when
the iwa will take you to the Wasteland.

"We all carry pain within us, Adam. The shaman, he
tries to rid himself of pain as best he can. We are not afraid
to sing, to cry, to mourn — after all, we have already died
once, so what is there to fear? There are times, however,
when we gather pain, we harvest it like the farmer harvests
grain, and the orishas and iwa, they don't want to see us in
pain. They love us too much to see our hearts turned to
stone. So if you're not letting go of the pain, the iwa will
drop you off in the Wasteland, where you'll understand
your pain.

"T'm not gonna tell you what happened to me. All I can
tell you is at the end, I died. I died again, and was reborn
outside. And it hurt, Adam, even after I was reborn. But the
sadness, the anger I held in my heart, was gone. It took me
a long time to realize what happened, but everyone else I
talked to who had been in the Wasteland had the same story

— they died and were reborn, cleansed. It's not an easy
ordeal, as you know, but if you carry around a death wish in
your heart, the iwa will be happy to oblige you and remind
you of what death is like."

Adam had nothing to say.

Chapter Three: Walking the > 71

NOK

Y

IZ

a

INGE Al

New Dreams:
The Digital Web

The pair flew on, looking for a good place to land. As
they descended, Adam caught a glimpse of the sky of what
looked like a huge chrome wheel, spinning slowly.

"\..the hell?!2!"

Apo looked up. Even he was startled, although he
soon regained his cool. "That — that right there is the
Digital Web."

Adam's eyes boggled. "That's the Digital Web?1 thought
it... well, I thought it didn't exist as such... I chought it was
just a virtual place..."

"Every place has a spiritual reflection, even a place that
doesn't exist."

"So why is it floating here?"

"It's not. It's everywhere and nowhere, if I understand
it correctly. It's a strange Correspondence Realm, made
from pure Prime. It floats throughout the Three Realms,
going everywhere and nowhere at once. I understand that
it used to be connected to a place called Mount Qaf, but
who can say for sure?"

"Strange," Adam said. "Can we go in there?"

"We could," answered Apo, "but it's too dangerous to
just walk in. The place is quite unstable, especially if you
just walk in, as opposed to jacking on."

Adam tried not to laugh. "That's jacking in."

"Is it? Whatever."

Anima Mundi:
Maya,Radiance, Midrealm,
the Null Zone and the
Ancestral Homelands

Dark young pine,

At the center of the earth originating,

I have made your sacrifice.

— from a traditional Navaho prayer

"So now, we shall try to find Maya, the realm of dreams,
the only spirit world that everyone goes to," said Apo as
they glided toward the ground.

"But isn't this all the Dream?" asked Adam.

"It's one of those questions we must ask ourselves; a
brain teaser, I believe you call it. Is this part of Maya, or is
Maya distinct? Is there a difference between a sleeping
dream and being conscious, walking around, thinking our
elected officials' sex lives are important? Aren't they both
expressions of belief, desire and love?"

"So... is there a difference?"

72 The Spirit Ways

"How should I know? I'm just a backwards shaman."
Apo grinned. "But there is a distinct Realm called Maya,
and that's where the sleeping dreams of humanity reside.
The catch is, of course, trying to find it."

As they descended, Adam felt the wind suddenly pick
up "Is that you?"

"No," said Apo. "Oh, no, it must be—"

And his words were cut off as an Umbral Storm
reached over the mountain. The winds blasted them
apart. Adam tried to reach for his mentor, struggling
against the insane wind, but he was being blown back at
an astonishing rate.

"APO!"

It was hopeless. Adam could see Apo, flying away from
him as the whole Umbra blurred around his head, the wind
tearing at his skin, propelled to who knows where.

Something struck Adam on the head, and black
silence swallowed him.

The Ancestral Homelands

Adam came to consciousness in a field of grass. The
moon still shined on the land, but the sun was soon to rise.
A light breeze caressed his face, bringing the whispers of
wind spirits to his ears. His head pounded, his throat was dry
— where the hell was he? He stood up and looked around.
Off to the north, he could see evergreens and pines gathered
around a mountain's feet. To the south, the jungle en-
croached. West lay red desert. Nothing here made sense,
and yet it did.

Adam felt a tug on his soul, coming from the east. As
he started walking, he heard thunder. Great, another storm,
he thought. But thunder doesn't get louder, and it doesn't go on
for this long. He turned a slow circle, looking for the source
of the sound. When he found it, his heart began to pound
in time with the sound.

A herd of buffalo was charging right at him.

Tt was a few seconds before Adam was able to run. He
panted as he tried to elude the oncoming rush. Over the din
of hoofbeats he heard the shouts of humans, though the
words were unintelligible. Adam kept running...

...and then the din died down. Adam kept running,
but looked behind him.

The buffalo herd had stopped. A white buffalo was
staring at Adam with watery eyes. At the sides of the herd,
a Sioux brave painted for the hunt... a Peruvian shaman,
then a huge Slavic man on a warhorse. Looking beyond the
herd, he could see a village... a huge village... and in the
middle of the village, a wall, pure energy. Adam stumbled,
slowed and finally stopped.

"Where... where am 1?"

From the hunters emerged an African woman, un-
naturally beautiful, skin of pure ebony. Beside her walked


a Native American man with an n eagle perched on his
right shoulder.

They approached Adam, giving a short bow of respect
which Adam duly returned.

"Who are... um... please, tell me... where am I?"

The African woman smiled. "Adam Goldsmith, bride
of Obatala... you are home."

@eoe

"These are the Ancestral Homelands. We are the
Heart, the Paradise, the Lost Dream that humanity has
forgotten. We are the First World, the primal link with the
Earth Mother. We are the archetype and the subconscious.
And you have returned to us.

"Your name was not Adam Goldstein, obviously, when
you first came here. But you have been here, hundreds —
thousands — of times before. You have walked in a number
of guises. You have been all people, you have walked
through all worlds.

"Long ago, when we first walked the Earth, we were
blessed. We mingled freely with the iwa and the animals. But
that does not mean life was safe — after all, nature is chaos,
and the cycles of life hold their own share of blood. That is
when the fear first entered our hearts. We saw a cycle we
could not control, and yet we tried to stop it out of fear.

"When I say us, I mean all people. All humans. We are
as one. Can you tell me my skin color makes me different
than you? Of course not. It means I won't get a sunburn as
easily — a thoughtful gift of the Mother when one lives by
Her waist, don't you think? And yet fear is a subtle thing.
After all, we are still animals, despite our vanities, and
animals always fear a disruption in what they know. It could
spell doom, after all. So when we saw those who appeared
different from us, we felt the fear grip our hearts.

"The iwa wept when they saw us divide. They told us
that the highest duty was love, not fear, for our brothers and
sisters. And yet we divided. We split into tribes and villages,
nations and cultures, each one forgetting the link they had
with all the others. Worse yet, we forgot the iwa. The fear
had grown in our hearts so that the spirit split from the
material, and we decided we would not respect the cycle of
the Earth any longer. So we buried ourselves and cut the
heart of the world from our breasts.

"Yes, L include the medicine workers in my indictment.
Even though we were gifted by the iwa, even though we kept
our people together and tried to teach love rather than
instill fear, we cannot think of ourselves as superior to those
that we minister to. We are still in the grips of fear we try to
shake off every day. I can see the fear and doubt in your
heart, my brother. You are afraid of the path that has been
chosen for you. It is understandable — but you have already
died, and you are reborn as a babawalo, a priest of the ashe,
and the mouth of the orishas. This is an awesome responsi-
bility, but it is the greatest privilege a person may have.

Indeed, in these hate-filled days, it is hard to act with love.
But this you must do, for to do otherwise is to condemn
humanity worse than it has condemned itself.

"When humans began to forsake the Dream, when
their prayers went to their tools and to a god that would
deliver them from their Mother, the World Tree hid
from the earth. The source of the earth's soul pulled its
own Gauntlet around it and made sure the nightmares
of men would never touch it. The Earth-Mother, the
Moon-Sister and Father-Sky all worked together to
make sure no harm would come to it. And they made a
Realm where the ancestors and the wisest medicine
men could remember the dream of the First World and
bring this wisdom to those who could change the world
for the better. This was no accident, my brother. The
vision you are beholding was chosen for you by the iwa
out of the love they feel for you.

"This is where you are now, Adam Goldstein. Obatala,
the King of the White Cloth, has brought you here. The
Ancestral Homelands welcome you."

eee

"The World Tree — it's beyond that barrier, isn't it?"
Adam asked. It was a shimmering rainbow wall in the middle
of the village. The people — infinite faces, infinite colors —
stood around him, watching as he approached the barrier.

The African woman nodded.

Adam could feel Obatala urging him on. He approached
the wall, touched it. It gave way. He stepped through.

"The Alder Bole, or the World Tree, the Tree of
Knowledge of Good and Evil, et cetera," he heard a voice
say, "isa useful analogy for the cosmological structure of the
Umbrae, but we certainly don't mean to accept it asa literal
model for how the world is structured—"

An aborigine sung, "Tree... he watching you. You look at
tree, he listen to you. He got no finger, he can't speak. But that
leaf... he pumping, growing, growing in the night. While you
sleeping you dream something. Tree and grass same thing.
They grow with your body, with your feeling—"

A shriek, a howl from somewhere below, then the
calm, patient hum of absolute nothingness.

Then something flew to the top, and his eyes opened.

eee

The tree reached beyond his vision. It seemed to touch
stars. Its branches were so dense he couldn't see the trunk.
They were dripping with golden honey, which hit the
leaves from (oh, iwa, give my eyes the reach) a cave, a vast
cave made from stars and cosmic dust. Honey dripped down
the branches of the tree to the trunk. The trunk was an
insane circle where everything was possible, and he could
see people in the circle. Golden fruit dangled from the
branches of the tree, almost close enough to touch, to carry
and eat and receive the divine wisdom of the Creator. The

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 73

eee

ING

4;

INN ZS

The World Tree and the Ancestral Homelands.

Of all the visions that a shaman may receive during his life, none is more sacred than the World Tree, the living
heart of all Creation. It extends everywhere — nothing escapes its touch. It is, has and always will be — it's possible
it was the first manifestation of Earth before anything else was created.
It has a few specific manifestations within the Umbra: the Well of Souls in the High Umbra, the Radiance in
the Middle Umbra, the Labyrinth and Oblivion in the Low: Umbra (or Shadowlands). The enigmatic place
described as Midrealm in The Book of Worlds is its most blatant manifestation, and the Null Zone exists within
its trunk and branches (literally inside the tree). Maya, the Dream Realms, are a mirror of the World Tree — in
dream, everything is possible and played out. Here, the eternal cycle — Dynamism, Stasis and Entropy — continues
as it has for millennia,

(
\

When the humans rejected the spirit ways in favor of the material world, the World Tree pulled itself into the
spirit world, hiding itself out of fear that humanity would want to chop it down or steal its fruits for selfish purposes.
Its servants keep the eternal cycle going, each performing their eternal duties of birth, life, death and rebirth.

A journey to the World Tree should NEVER be taken lightly. The number of living shamans who have seen
the Heart can be counted on one hand. To behold it is to be changed forever. Storytellers are advised not to turn
the World Tree into "just another adventure" — it is a life-shattering phenomenon that will profoundly alter
any chronicle.

The Ancestral Homelands are exactly that — the living Earth that existed before the rending of spirit
and matter. Surrounding the World Tree, they are the true essence of reality. Here, spirit and matter coexist
as they did so long ago. Ancestor-spirits, primal iwa, Transcended wraiths from First World cultures,
Oracles of Spirit, Bygones — the inhabitants of these lands defy imagination. (By the way, these Realms
may coincide with the Tribal Homelands and the Summer Country that the Garou are familiar with — at
the Storyteller's discretion, as always.) Here, the lessons of the iwa have been learned, and all are at peace
with each other — and themselves.

Needless to say, this Realm is spoken of in legend, if at all. Trying to find it is not an option — if the iwa
think you deserve such a powerful vision, you'll receive one. Those who have returned from the Realm have
shared their knowledge, of course, and many shamans have made pilgrimages into the Otherworlds to find the
Tree. If the shaman is not ready, he won't find it. No rolls, no medicine, nothing will bring him here unless the
iwa believe the shaman is worthy.

And what about other magi? While Hermetics also have a World Tree that they use, they believe it to be a
metaphor (and so it shall be). The Verbena also worship the World Tree, but their insistence on the Sacred Self eo
usually blinds them to the possibility of the Realm. Other Traditions either don't believe in it, or they have their own
substitutes (like the Digital Web). Marauders and Nephandi are barred from this Realm, for they would surely destroy
the Tree (the Marauders chopping at the dark roots, the Nephandi poisoning the golden branches). And, needless
to say, no Technocrat will ever set foot here.

For more information, please consult The Book of Worlds.

oS

ee

tree stood tall all the way down to its gnarled and tangled
roots which tore through the earth down to unseen depths.
Four rivers — north, south, east, west — ran at the base of
the tree. Adam could see people move through the tree, up
and down the roots, and he knew that this tree reached all
places, that it connected everything and everyone to-
gether, that this tree was the dream of the entire world, that
this was the living heart of the Earth.

Blurred vision. Sound moving in slow-motion. Skin
tingles like pins on needles as the world depressurizes and
the merry-go-round ends...

Adam stood on a moon path. The sun illuminated the
golden landscape. Butterfly spirits fluttered amongst flow-

74 The Spirit Ways

ets, doing nothing and everything at once. Somewhere, the
distant how] of a wolf resonated within him.

I know that howl well, he thought.

Suddenly, a bright blue-silver figure materialized in
front of him.

"You are he, known as Adam?"

Adam nearly hada heart attack. The Lune didn't blink.

"You are he, known as Adam?"

"Yes, yes, yes... I'm Adam... "

"Apo seeks you. I have found you. You must come with
me to see Apo."

"Is he all right?"

"Apo is a shaman."

ee

Always expect a straight answer from a spirit.
eee

"Adam!" Apo exclaimed, embracing his pupil. "Thank
the heavens, I thought I had lost you forever! It is good to
see you all in one piece."

Adam smiled. "It's good to be seen."

Apo released him. "When Olodumare's storm blew you
away, I tried to follow you. But it was like you disappeared
into thin air. I had assumed the worst. Oh, bless the orishas
for keeping you safe!"

"Perhaps it's time to return to reality. I think I've had
enough adventure for one day."

"Certainly, certainly. But where were you?"

"That," said Adam, "is a long story."

eee

On the drive home. Adam recounted his vision — of
the Homelands, the Tree, the people. Apo listened in
stunned silence. When Adam was done, Apo's eyes were
brimming with tears.

"Apo, why are you crying?"

"I... lam overwhelmed... with joy. To receive such a
vision... it is... incomparable. To see it... and the Native
American had an eagle on his shoulder? You're sure?"

"Quite. It was them."

"I... words fail me. Such a thing cannot be compre-
hended through words."

"I was feeling that way myself. Unsure of how to
describe it. But I just had to speak from the heart. It was
incredible. Beyond anything I could imagine, and yet
there it was."

"So what will you do now?" Apo asked.

Adam sighed. "I don't know... I'm not going to process
it too much... I suppose I'll have to become some sort of
wacko cult leader now."

Apo whirled in confusion, ready to scream at Adam,
when he saw the shit-eating grin plastered on his student's
face. "Ahhh, you almost had me! You should learn not to
grin when you lie, it's a dead giveaway."

The city of Boston broke through the skyline. The
sun bouncing off the John Hancock Tower almost made
it presentable.

"The people are there," Adam said, indicating the city.
"They live in fear — constant, unremitting fear of the
unknown. They'll fear anything that's different or unusual
or even remotely threatening to the life they've built for
themselves — and had built for them.

"What can I do? I saw that the world is all connected.
Everything gets equal billing with everything else. Every
one of those people, regardless of color, belief, age, wealth
— they're all blessed beings.

"It's easy to be territorial — too easy. We must think
like animals at times, but we should always act like humans.
It's not about just saving the Native Americans or just
preserving the Amazon or just reclaiming Africa. It's about
saving the entire world."

"Sounds like a mighty big job," said Apo, lighting his
last cigarillo.

"Well, what am I gonna do? I'm a priest of ifa who's
just had a big dream. But I'll do what I can. You know
that stupid phrase that was popular a while back, ‘global
village'? As corny as it is, it's true. It's not just about
saving a tribe or a country or a forest — it's about the
world. If that vision showed me anything, it's that the
world will go on regardless of what we do to ourselves.
We can nuke the whole damn thing, kill everything on
the surface, and the world will go on. The Tree will still
be there. It'll start over.

"Do you know what I'm feeling right now? Love. Hope.
Faith. Cynicism's easy. Nihilism's even easier. That's going
with the flow. That's allowing yourself to be a pawn of the
Technocracy and the Nephandi. That's doing nothing
because nothing's worth doing. I can see why people would
feel that way — hell, I felt that way before my calling — but
with that attitude, we might as well hand the world over to
the Vision Mockers and get it over with.

"We walk in the dream. That has so many meanings.
Humanity forgot the dream millennia ago, and now it
needs to remember. What can I do? I'm just one lousy
shaman. But if I can show people the miracle beyond the
Gauntlet — if people could experience just one of the
things that I saw today — then there might be some hope,
you know? People might realize it's not just about them —
it's about the whole damn world, and the dreams we hold
dear. That's what I-can do."

Apo smiled. "Your words are wise, babawalo. Myself, |
might be too old and cynical for my own good — that's for
the orishas to decide. But you — you're a bridge between
worlds. Just like I was."

Adam grinned. "That's the first time you've called
me babawalo."

Apo laughed. "I'm not about to disagree with the iwa, am 1?"

And the car drove on, into the city, where dreams
carried their own hope with them.

Chapter Three: Walking the Spirit 75

TTT ee

IND

TS ZX


WN OK

ISS 22

Chapter Four:
Spirit Helpers

- @| Even though it wasn't the first time Adam had dealt "Do they all talk like that? What was it?" he'd asked.

| withareal, honest-to- s talking animal spirit , he "Of course they all talk," said Apo. "And that's your

A still nearly fell out of the tree he'd been climbing when totem. Your personal spirit."

| the animal opened its mouth and words came out. Adam's eyes widened. "A squirrel? My totem is a squirrel?"

"You," the squirrel addressed him, "climb Apo chuckled with his characteristic grin. "No, of course

\ out of my way!" not. I just wanted to see your face when I said that."

4 Adam had to grab a branch to steady him- Seating himself on the ground, Adam prepared for a

\#| self, and he nearly slipped anyway. Once he got longer explanation.

—" his bearings, he fixed the squirrel with a rather,‘ gnoring him for a moment, Apo turned and wiggled his

unbelieving gaze. fingers at the squirrel. It made its way back up the mighty tree

trunk, into the bright foliage, where it disappeared.
"Your totem could be a squirrel — but that wasn't it."
"How will I know?"

"You'll know," Apo answered. "You'll know because it will
be more annoying than me."

"You," the squirrel saidagain, "getaway frommy winterstores!"
Shortly after the initial shock wore off, Adam found the presence
of mind to climb down out of the spirit tree. He'd turned to Apo,
looking for some sort of guidance in the midst of the surreal experience.

Chapter Four: Spirit Helpers 71

a

NG fl

The Spirit Ways

Ye

Totems

Totems ate powerful archetypal spirits that embody
some quality or drive. Being associated with a totem irrevo-
cably associates the shaman with this quality or drive. A
number of shamans find that their relationship with their
totem is the closest and most intimate relationship they
have. Certainly, when a totem chooses to ally with a
shaman, it's not a simple or light decision — it's done for
life, and sometimes beyond.

There are almost as many different methods of becom-
ing allied with a totem as there are shamans. In some
traditions the shaman's mentor chooses her totem, based
upon the mentor's evaluation of the shaman. Other sha-
mans choose their own totems, or are actively chosen by the
totem. Often, the totem is "chosen" by the shaman's Ava-
tar, though that's rather one-sided. A totem won't have
anything to do with a mage if it doesn't want to!

With rare exceptions, shamans ally themselves with
totems either during their Awakening, or while they are
being trained by their mentor (though the shaman-to-be
may not be aware that he's getting training in advance).
The shaman's totem then helps shape the shaman's
magic. Shamans with violent or aggressive totems find
themselves increasingly drawn to learn the more violent
and active Spheres. However, since few violent totems
ally with peaceful ages, the totem's influence is often
quite subtle.

Technically, totems are Incarna, the most powerful
servants of the Celestines. Most Verbena, as well as many
Akashics, Ecstatics and Euthanatos regard the Celestines as
gods. The Incarna are seen as their angels and devas.
Shamans see the situation somewhat differently. Shamans
look at the vast hierarchy of the Umbra and see allegiances,
lineages and clans, but the concept of gods who are ap-
proached with worshipful devotion is completely foreign to
their paradigm.

To shamans, Celestines like Luna, Helios, Ogma,
Sophia and the Monkey King are spirits who have at-
tained great wisdom and more power. However, few
shamans attempt to work with Celestines directly. Sha-
mans know that all visitors must learn to respect and
understand the structure and hierarchy of this realm in
order to prosper in the Umbra.

Incarna, like totems, elementals and ascended mor-
tals (such as the shaman, Vainamoinen) ally themselves
with the Celestines. Mages, Garou and Jagglings ally
themselves with the Incarna, and minor spirits (like
Gafflings) ally themselves to Jagglings, mages and
werecreatures.

The Celestines are creatures of pure, brilliant power.
Luna, for example, contains the spiritual essence of
everything connected with the moon. Similarly, the
Roman god Mars understands everything about bloody


combat, strife and chaos, but he is almost incapable of
communicating about or understanding any other top-
ics. While a being that is a pure archetype possesses an
incredibly powerful understanding of its own nature, it
cannot conceive of anything outside its nature except as
either tools to assist in its own goals, or obstacles which
block it from its goals.

While extremely powerful and daring shamans seek
aid from Celestines, all shamans understand that the vast
difference between humanity and these incredible be-
ings restricts significant interactions to either distant
worship or temporary alliances when the needs of mor-
tals temporarily coincide with the desires of these
inhuman creatures. Conversations with Celestines are
exceedingly limited. While Celestines are more brilliant
and more insightful than any mortals, everything said to
a Celestine must be put in terms comprehensible to the
being's nature. Attempting to talk to the god Mars about
limiting pollution and rainforest destruction will result
in brilliant strategies for attacking the polluters, but the
entire discussion will be framed in terms of warfare and
frenzied battle.

Instead, most shamans realize that they need an Um-
bral patron in order to truly become a part of the Umbra.
The powerful (but still comprehensible) Incarna are perfect
for this task. Just as numerous Garou, Jagglings and similar
beings swear allegiance to the Incarna, shamans pledge
their loyalty to these beings.

Though the Incarna are wiser and more powerful
than any mortal, they are substantially less limited and
more comprehensible than the distant Celestines. The
Celestines created the Incarna to act as their agents in
the Umbra, and to a lesser extent in the mortal world.
While all spirits havea distinct archetypal nature, Incarna
have natures which are broader and more diverse than
those of the Celestines, and they are also capable of
understanding beings with different natures. An Incarna
Earth elemental is inexorably linked to earth, but it has
a definite (if somewhat limited) concept of the other
three elements and how they relate to earth. While
Incarna are both less deep and less perceptive than
Celestines, they are also much more capable of under-
standing diversity and complexity, largely because they
are more diverse and complex beings.

While it is difficult (and it requires some thought on
the part of the shaman), it is actually possible to hold
something resembling a normal conversation with a
totem or other Incarna. Of course, with both Celestines
and Incarna, a single mortal, even a mage, never talks
with or even perceives the entire spirit. These powerful
entities have a single unified nature, but this nature is so
vast that they can interact with dozens, or even hundreds
of mortals simultaneously. Each mortal will seem to be

dealing with the entire spirit, and each one will almost
certainly perceive the spirit in her own idiosyncratic
way. For one shaman, Falcon might be a noble peregrine
as large as a golden eagle, while another would see a vast
bird the size of a small plane, with feathers the color of
brightest moonlight.

When dealing with their allies, a combination of
experience in dealing with a specific human and the
exact nature of the bargain effect between the totem and
each individual shaman means that each shaman who
takes a particular totem effectively has a slightly differ-
ent version of the same totem. The totem itself does not
change, but it appears to, and it interacts with each of its
allies in a slightly different fashion. The nature of the
relationship between totem and shaman determines a
great deal about what the totem is willing to do for the
shaman, what services it asks in return, and how the
shaman perceives it.

Out of all the many possible variations, there are
three primary motivations for shamans to select a par-
ticular totem. Some shamans are drawn to a totem that
either represents some quality that is also a deep and
important part of their own nature. Others are drawn to
a totem that represents some quality they aspire to, and
occasionally shamans are drawn to totems that they hope
will help them solve some serious problem or right some
dire wrong.

In the first case, the shaman sees the totem as the
perfect embodiment of the shaman's most treasured
traits. This type of relationship is especially common to
shamans with Primordial Avatars. Shamans of this type
often perform services for the totem by doing what they
feel is right. Sometimes the shaman sees herself as a
mortal extension of the totem. Others see themselves as
the totem's champions in the mundane world. Totems
are usually quite willing to aid such shamans, especially
since the aid asked is usually an action the totem would
have considered performing anyway. The relationship
between totems and this type of shaman is one of
intense loyalty, especially on the part of the shaman.
However, while the rewards of this type of relationship
are great, so are the responsibilities. If the shaman ever
acts in a way that is antithetical to the totem's nature
— such as a martial shaman with a totem of war
becoming afraid and fleeing a battle — the totem will
demand great restitution before it will be willing to
forgive the shaman's indiscretion.

However, most shamans are not so devoted and pure
in their purpose that they align themselves so clearly with
the goals of a totem. Of these, some wish to aspire to the
traits symbolized by the totem. A young warrior-shaman
may try to take a totem of war in an effort to gain prowess
in battle, while a sheltered and somewhat naive shaman

Chapter Four: Spirit Helpers 19

IRN

lS Zp

IO

NG Ail

IS

may take a totem of wisdom to help her on her quest for
deeper insights. Such shamans tend to see their totems as
ideals to be aspired to. As beings of archetypal power,
totems are often somewhat flattered by individuals who
wish to follow their path. Many of the services the totem
will ask of such a shaman will both aid the totem and help
the shaman better learn to emulate the totem. Shamans
with Dynamic or Questing Avatars often have this sort of
relationship to their totem.

One exceedingly common relationship between sha-
man and totem is one in which the shaman needs or
wishes the totem to help with some long-term goal. A
shaman from a conquered tribe who wishes to either free
her people or exact vengeance on her people's oppressors
might seek a totem of war to aid in her struggle. Simi-
larly, a shaman who wishes to understand some
particularly difficult mystery, such as discovering an-
other habitable world deep in the Deep Umbra, might
ally herself with a totem of wisdom to gain aid in this
endeavor. Shamans with Pattern of Questing Avatars
maintain this type of alliance with their totems. In this
sort of relationship all of the normal give-and-take and
minor services which occur between shamans and their
totems occur, but the shaman also asks the totem for
periodic aid or advice on her project, and the totem
expects substantial favors in return.

Regardless of-the motivations behind this relation-
ship, shamans often end up closer to their totems than to
their mentors. Totems are often their shamans' spiritual
parents, their wise and elderly friends or their oath-
sworn leaders. Also, in all cases, this relationship is
reciprocal. Just as shamans ask for aid from their totems,
totems ask their shamans for services in return. The more
a shaman asks, the more his totem will ask of him. Some
shamans maintain a strict and formal relationship with
their totems such that tasks will usually be performed on
aservice-for-service basis. However, many shamans have
a closer relationship with their totem, in which each
party exchanges services on an informal basis. Both
shaman and totem ask what they need, and both assume
the total will balance out.

Storytellers must take care to help the player work out
the exact nature of the alliance between a shaman and her
totem. This relationship will depend on a multitude of
factors including the personality and wishes of the sha-
man, the nature of the shaman's Avatar and the number
of points put in the Totem Background (see page 109 for
details). The more points put into the Totem Background,
the closer the relationship. However, one of the most
important of these factors is the nature of the totem.
While Lion will demand obedience, honor and formal
respect from its allies, Fox will usually have a more casual
and joking relationship, whereas totems like Dolphin
tend to be more nurturing and parental.

80 The Spirit Ways

oe

Aides and Confederates

While most shamans have totems, and some also
occasionally deal with other Incarna and Celestines, all
agree that these beings are vastly more powerful than any
mortal mage. However, a multitude of more modest entities
lives in the Umbra. Jagglings are widely regarded as beings
whose nature, consciousness and basic power level are quite
similar to most shamans. Just as Incarna can sometimes be
parents or leaders, Jagglings are occasionally friends, allies
and even spiritual siblings.

While shamans regularly deal with numerous Jagglings,
sometimes this relationship becomes more formalized and
permanent. Ina manner similar to mundane blood brothers
or sisters, shamans and Jagglings can join together in the
bond of shaman and familiar. :

Unlike Incarna and Celestines, Jagglings and other —
lesser spirits are singular beings. They cannot commu-
nicate with hundreds of different shamans spread over
the entire Umbra. Instead, Jagglings have limits similar
to those experienced by most mages. Also, Jagglings are
very diverse and complex entities. Just as they lack the
raw power and profound insights of the more powerful
spirits, they also lack these spirits' conceptual limits. In
general, a Jaggling is capable of understanding any-
thing a mortal can. While some Jagglings are mere
extensions of an Incarna or a Celestine, most such
beings (especially those that have existed for many
decades or centuries) are fully independent, free-willed
entities tied to the Incarna or Celestines by alliances
very similar to those found between shamans and their

‘totems. Just as shamans who share the same totem

frequently form alliances and even close friendships,
Jagglings and shamans who serve the same Incarna
often have similar associations.

Having a familiar is like having a close friend, a
sibling or even a lover. While the two parties may differ
somewhat in power and experience, both realize they are
on an essentially equal level, and they agree to work
together because each can aid the other, and because
they are bound by ties of mutual respect, caring and even
love. A number of shamans have multiple familiars, and
some are closer to their spirit companions than they are
to any mortal. There is no fundamental problem with
having multiple familiars. However, shamans must make
sure that their familiars get along, and they must work to
alleviate jealousy and rivalries among them. Solving
such problems can even become the basis of short sce-
narios set entirely in the Umbra.

One problem some shamans face is that while most
Jagglings have only a limited interest in the mundane
world, Jagglings who become familiars learn more about
our world from their shaman, and those who possess the
capability to materialize in our world without aid some-


times decide to go exploring. These erstwhile explorers
can cause large amount of havoc in a remarkably short
time, especially if they come to the shaman for help or
advice once they become aware they are causing prob-
lems. Having a material Jaggling show up with angry
mages or Technocrats on its heals is the nightmare of
many shamans with familiars.

Below the Jagglings, the least of the spirits are the
Gafflings. Regarded by many greater spirits and some
shamans as little more than spiritual animals or tools,
most Gafflings lack the same degree of choice and free
will Jagglings or shamans possess. Just as Jagglings are the
spirits that become shaman's familiars, shamans often
make Gafflings into fetishes and talens. While some
mages in other Traditions see creating fetishes as a
violent and coercive act during which the shaman im-
prisons a spirit in a material cage and forces it to do her
bidding, the reality is far different. Dangerous spirits are
imprisoned in this fashion occasionally, but such a pun-
ishment is very rare, and it is normally done only to
isolate a spirit which has caused great harm. The vast
majority of fetishes are inhabited by Gafflings who are
more than happy to live there.

ISS ZZ

In general, Gafflings are quite weak compared to
other spirits, and the only way to ensure a long and
pleasant existence is for them to have a patron. Sha-
mans work quite well as patrons for Gafflings, and
living in a fetish protects the spirit from rivals and
predators. Of course, talens and fetishes must be finely
made enough to please the prospective tenant, and they
must be properly attuned to the spirit being housed
inside. A fetish designed to house a spirit that can heal
living beings is entirely unsuitable for housing a spirit
which helps a shaman slay her enemies. These neces-
sary correspondences are the reason that talens and
fetishes are almost always made in a form which relates
directly to their function. A fetish designed to open
barriers will look like a key (or perhaps like an ID card
fora techno-shaman), but it will not look like a weapon
or a container.

Making alliances with Gafflings is very similar to
forging a bond with a totem, except in this case, the
shaman is patron and not the client. This patronage
offers minor spirits a number of important benefits.
Most importantly, many Gafflings, especially those
whose Celestine or Incarna has been destroyed, are
effectively adrift without alliances or protection. Being
able to state that it is allied to some more powerful
entity protects a Gaffling from many minor problems
and torments. To gain this protection, Gafflings often
agree to protracted alliances with shamans. Some
Gafflings agree to act as long-term talens for shamans.
Once the talen is used and their spiritual energy freed,
they will agree to place their energy into another talen.

Chapter Four: Spirit Helpers 81

IO


Ne Ail

During the time before the new talen is created, this
spirit may come to the shaman for minor aid and
assistance. In general most services asked by a Gaffling
are little trouble to a well-trained shaman.

Other Gafflings seek the even more permanent bond of
becoming a fetish. Mages from other traditions often ask
why a spirit would be content to be imprisoned for the
shaman's pleasure. However, shamans know that this rela-
tionship is never that simple.

All sentient beings wish to feel useful, and becoming a
treasured fetish makes the Gaffling both useful and exceed-
ingly valuable. Also, dwelling in a material object protects
the spirit from all ordinary Umbral attacks, giving weary
and embattled spirits a chance to recuperate from the
stresses of Umbral life. In many ways, for a spirit becoming
a fetish is analogous to a mortal deciding to become a monk.
A life of quiet dedicated contemplation is not for everyone,
but it is an excellent decision for some.

Of equal importance is the fact that, while in a
fetish, a spirit will be able to perceive and learn about the
mundane world in a much more direct and long-term
fashion than it could otherwise. Shamans also realize
that fetishes are not just magical tools. Fetishes talk to
and advise their owners. Some give useful counsel, oth-
ets ask questions about the mundane world, and some
enjoy talking. While shamans' relationships with their
fetishes are not as deep or complex as with a totem or a
Familiar, it is still quite important and worth devoting
some roleplaying to define.

The process of actually creating a fetish is an impor-
tant roleplaying opportunity. The shaman must first
convince the Gaffling that its services are greatly needed
and that it will be treasured and valued. Then, some
spirits will wish to bargain for elaborate and expensively
decorated dwellings, while others will discuss how their
powers are to be used and will ask to help perform certain
tasks such as defeating a mutual foe. In some cases, the
spirit will ask the shaman to perform some service before
agreeing to inhabit a fetish.

In addition to long-term Umbral allies and assis-
tants, shamans also interact with a wide variety of spiritual
denizens regularly. While most Dreamspeakers use magic
almost as often as any other mage, they also have a
different option. Dreamspeakers, lesser shamans, and
similar practitioners can ask a spirit to use one of its
charms on their behalf. Only two dots in Spirit are
necessary to communicate with nearby spirits, and two
dots in Correspondence (at most) may be necessary to
help locate distant spirits. However, these abilities are
enough to request aid from everything from a minute
Gaffling to a vast Celestine. If the shaman can find a
spirit with the desired Charm, she can request help
accomplishing a wide variety of goals. However, such
requests are almost never granted without question.

IZ

82 The Spirit Ways

Ye

To gain the cooperation of a spirit, the shaman has
three possible options. Lesser spirits can be threatened into
obedience or awed with the promise of minor rewards.
Other spirits can either be convinced of the rightness of the
shaman's actions and will volunteer to help, or they can be
paid with the promise of useful good or services. The exact
nature of the service determines much about the form of
these negotiations.

Saving a prominent Caern from being overrun by evil
Banes or distilled by soulless Technocrats is a goal which
interests many spirits. Concerned Jagglings, or even
Incarna, may assist after nothing more than the promise of
minimal rewards, such as a small offering of Quintessence.
In contrast, controlling the electrical system of an office
building so that a techno-shaman can break in and steal a
land-developer's secret financial records is a task most
spirits have no interest in. Convincing a Jaggling to
perform such a minor (but uninteresting) service would
require offerings of a service in return or moderate amounts
of tass. Complex and lengthy endeavors (such as convinc-
ing a spirit to possess a politician and destroy his campaign)
would require a single large reward or an offer of a similarly
impressive service. However, since most such services do
not put the spirit at risk, the shaman is essentially paying
for the being's time and effort. A few well-spoken and
clever shamans manage to convince spirits to perform
lengthy and menial tasks by convincing them of the value
or importance of such a service. However, most spirits are
not stupid, and only the most silver-tongued shamans can
craft such convincing arguments.

Services which require spirits to oppose mages or
other powerful Awakened beings who could imprison or
destroy them are even more costly. Praise and flattery:
about how only the bravest or most powerful spirits could
perform such a mission may convince a spirit to help
(and it might even reduce the cost), but very few spirits
will risk their freedom or their existence purely for
acclaim and glory. Any task that requires the spirit to
materialize on its own or to be brought through the
Umbra physically is counted as highly dangerous by most
spirits, since they will then be at the mercy of aggressive
Sleepers and other alien threats.

The advantages to shamans who use spirits to per-
form magic are numerous. Since merely communicating
with a spirit is never obvious and rarely even vulgar,
asking help from a spirit is usually a Paradox-free way to
perform powerful effects. Also, spirits can perform these
effects far from the shaman. They may even perform
their magic while the shaman is performing a com-
pletely separate ritual. Using spirits in this way allows
shamans to both multiply their efforts and to accom-
plish powerful effects without risk of having the effect
traced back to them (unless someone captures and
interrogates the spirit).

F
i
|
|


Storytellers should assume that it takes no more than
an hour or two to locate a spirit with any of the more
common Charms, less if the shaman knows such a spirit
already. Since many shamans have extensive contacts in
the Umbra, an Allies or even an Influence Background
roll should turn up a Jaggling or Gaffling with the desired
ability easily. Except for requesting aid from a totem,
acquiring the assistance of Incarna or Celestines almost
always involves the shaman entering the Umbra and
journeying to the being's Realm. Such journeys should
usually be roleplayed out. Searching for a spirit with a
specific rare and exotic ability can also be a difficult task
that can take many days to accomplish.

Once the appropriate spirit has been contacted, some
sort of agreement must be reached.

As stated previously, Gafflings can usually be tempted
with minor rewards like a small amount of quintessence or
tass, or minor services. Jagglings usually request services of
some sort, and Incarna and Celestines ask almost anything
in return for their services. Such requests range from elabo-
rate taboos against some act (such as eating meat or lying
ever again) to pledges that the shaman will undertake some
lengthy action or quest to elaborate offerings. On one
occasion, a shaman summoned an Incarna that was once
worshipped as a god, and the Incarna asked the shaman to
slay seven perfectly white bulls then offer up their dripping
hearts. In general, the magnitude of the service required of
the shaman is directly related to difficulty of the service
asked of the spirit, as well as the relative power and influ-
ence of the spirit.

A number of shamans attempt to avoid this lengthy
and difficult process of bargaining by making their
bargains in advance. Most spirits, like most humans, are
loath to accept payment and then agree to perform an
unspecified service at an unspecified time. In general,
the exact nature of the service (such as attacking a
single target or defeating a single alarm system) must be
specified when the bargain is made. The time and target
need not be set, but spirits will not agree to requests
like, "Attack the next person sneaking up on me,"
unless the duration of this guardianship is set at a day or
less. Normally, to call on this bargain, the shaman must
call out a command, break or set fire to a small item or
sometimes even play a special song to call the spirit to

fulfill its bargain. The spirit will then arrive within a

turn or two. Regardless of the exact nature of such pre-
emptive bargains, spirits will always ask larger payments
than they would for services performed when the bar-
gain is made.

Another drawback of using spirits to perform your
magic is the fact that few spirits truly understand the mortal
world. Unless the shaman accompanies the spirit to the
location where the magic is to be performed and advises it
on how exactly to work its charms, a spirit being asked to

perform a complex task in the mortal world may easily do
either too much or too little. Sometimes spirits misunder-
stand the situation enough to cause unusual and even
dangerous problems while performing the desired task. As
always, asking others to do your dirty work can result in
unforeseen consequences.

In spite of the various problems involved, some
Dreamspeakers seek to use their own magic and attempt to
avoid the twin dangers of Paradox and drawing Techno-
cratic attention by relying largely on spirits to perform
desired effects. While such an approach to magic can
work, if the shaman desires spirits to perform powerful
effects she may find herself asked to cast powerful magic in
return, as well as having to go on frequent dangerous
quests into the far reaches of the Umbra. As every
Dreamspeaker knows, there is no easy or safe path for a
true shaman. Shamans are the intermediaries between
humanity and the Umbra. They must always worry about
dangers coming from both.

Nuisances and Enemies

While shamans work with many spirits and are ig-
nored by most of the rest, every shaman makes enemies in
the Umbra. These enemies can range from disgruntled
Gafflings who spread false rumors about the shaman, to
Incarna and Celestines whose plans the shaman has been
unfortunate enough to oppose or thwart. The Umbra is as
complex and political an environment as any large mortal
nation. Careless shamans can offend powerful spirits un-
knowingly in a multitude of ways. When a shaman asks a
powerful spirit for a favor, some unscrupulous spirits re-
quest seemingly simple services without telling the shaman
that such a quest will almost certainly anger another
Incarna (or even a Celestine) greatly.

While totems will never ask such services of their
allies, Incarna contacted by previously unknown shamans
may ask such a service both as a way to hamper a rival
without drawing the blame, or to teach an improperly
humble shaman a lesson. Clever shamans who take the
time to ask the correct questions (or whose contacts in the
spirit world inform them of problems with accomplishing
the desired task) usually earn the respect of the spirit and are
given less dangerous tasks to perform.

A shaman who is unfortunate enough to earn the ire
of a powerful spirit has a few options. A shaman with
powerful allies like totems and familiars can attempt to
have these allies work out some resolution to the problem.
If the enemy is powerful enough to warrant such action, it
is likely that the shaman will end up owing a number of
spirits large favors in return. If the shaman wishes to deal
with the problem herself, contacting this spirit directly is
the only answer. The rules of propriety observed by most
powerful spirits dictate that a properly humble and dedi-
cated visitor can visit a spirit's home safely. However,

Chapter Four: Spirit Helpers 83

EO

HN OK

JZ

HSS ZB

mx 7 |

IZ

once she is in enemy territory, the shaman must be
extremely careful to avoid giving offense, or she may
provide the spirit with an opportunity to politely devour
her on the spot. Some spirits can be placated with large
and lavish offerings of tass, exotic substances, several
talens and perhaps even a fetish. Other spirits will forgive
offenses only if the shaman agrees to perform a significant
service, or even to swear loyalty to the spirit.

Some spirits oppose certain actions of shamans by
their very nature. Pattern spiders resist disruption of the
perfect order of the Weaver, disease spirits exist to bring
sickness to the weak so the mortal world will not become
crowded beyond all reason, and hungry spirits feed on
tass at Nodes, including Nodes owned by the shaman.
Responsible shamans distinguish between spirits that
oppose their wishes through conscious choice and spirits
whose very nature makes them problematic. The first
can be negotiated with. The second type must either be
destroyed or worked around. Since most shamans recog-
nize that disease spirits, patterns spiders and similar
creatures are necessary for the health of both the Umbra
and the Tellurian, the accepted policy is to placate,
misdirect or imprison such spirits temporarily rather
than to destroy them.

The lore of the Dreamspeakers contains numerous
cautionary tales about powerful but foolish shamans who
brought famine, drought and other disasters on their own
people by destroying malevolent spirits and thereby dis-
rupting the natural order. Driving out a spirit that is
haunting a house or possessing a person is perfectly ac-
ceptable. If other methods fail, it is even acceptable to
destroy such a spirit. However, most shamans and their
spirit allies frown on casually slaying spirits that have a
place in the natural order.

Going on a campaign to destroy disease spirits and
similar entities will eventually attract the attention of
powerful Incarna and Celestines who are associated with
death, entropy and decay. These powerful entities do not
look kindly upon a shaman endeavoring to exterminate
their minions. Since most Incarna also grow concerned
when the ecology and society of the Umbra is seriously
disrupted, such a foolish shaman's totem will likely agree to
help her only against such threats in return for a promise to
cease such endeavors.

However, some spirits are considered wholly un-
natural. Dreamspeakers agree that such entities should
be destroyed on sight. The clearest examples of such
spirits are the alien creatures from the far reaches of the
Deep Umbra which work with the Nephandi. When-
ever such a creature penetrates the Horizon, Incarna
and powerful shamans become aware of the distur-
bances in the Umbra and seek to track down and
destroy this intruder. If the problem is serious enough,

84 The Spirit Ways

T pet

neophyte shamans may be recruited by either their
Mentors or their totems to aid is tracking down and
slaying the invading spirit.

Hunting down such creatures is one of the few times
Dreamspeakers work with the Void Engineers. While both
groups seek to explore the Umbra and to protect humanity
from dangerous Umbrood, normally each group sees the
other as almost as serious a problem as malevolent spirits
and Nephandi. However, if there is a serious threat to the
mortal world, Dreamspeakers and Void Engineers will tem-
porarily put aside their differences and work together to slay
these dangerous beasts.

The only other time that shamans will actively seek
to destroy large numbers of spirits occurs when. large
outbreaks of the Wyrm threaten the natural order of
both the Umbra and the Tellurian. Unlike the Garou
who are often caught up in a blind hatred of the Wyrm,
shamans realize that Banes and other spirits of the Wyrm
are necessary for the health of both worlds. Unfortu-
nately, the Wyrm went mad countless eons ago, and
outbreaks of Wyrm spirits threaten to overwhelm por-
tions of the mortal world occasionally. Often such attacks
are led by powerful Banes like Nexus Crawlers or Scrags
(see Werewolf: The Apocalypse for further details).
When such infestations break out, shamans will attempt
to identify and slay the spirits leading such attacks. Once
these spirits have been destroyed, shamans are then
usually content to drive off the minor spirits.

Notoriety

Just like the changing breeds, shamans can garner
Notoriety among spirits. In game terms, notoriety is a
measure of the character's negative reputation with spirit
entities. A high rating in Notoriety means that the char-
acter has a harder time dealing with spirits, since they
don't trust her!

Most of the usual deals involving spirits — securing a
totem, creating a talen, asking for advice — are fairly
routine, as long as the shaman performs the appropriate
appeasements. However, certain actions may garner Noto-
riety, and some actions are almost guaranteed to do so. The
following list shows some of the things that can gather a
point of Notoriety (severe infractions, almost certain to
cause Notoriety, are marked with an asterisk):

Insulting a powerful spirit

Offering a spirit an obviously bad deal

*Compelling a spirit's servitude with magic

*Trapping a spirit in a spirit prison or bottle
*Destroying a spirit permanently

Disobeying one's totem

*Failing to uphold one's end of a spirit bargain
Breaking a spirit's taboo or ban in that spirit's presence


*Breaking the taboo or ban of one's totem
Deliberately lying to a spirit (not including contrariness,
trickery or games of wit)
Allying with two opposing spirits

As a shaman gains Notoriety, her reputation as an
untrustworthy trickster spreads. Few spirits respect this sort
of thing. Add the shaman's Notoriety total to the difficulty

IN

of all Social rolls when he interacts with spirits. If this
penalty raises the difficulty past nine, remove one success
from the roll for each additional point.

Shamans can remove notoriety only by atonement and
chiminage. The shaman must make appropriate repara-
tions to the spirits, certainly in the form of an interesting
story and quest.

ca

Chapter Four: Spirit Helpers 85

AE

a


Appendix

Regardless of creed or Tradition, many spiti-
tual and shamanistic mages share particular
magical practices. Since congress with the
spirits is so central to many cultures, many
mages share means to appease, communicate
with and banish those spirits that favor — or
haunt — their kind. Though these rites often
differ in outward appearance, they usually
share a common purpose.

Shamanic Rotes

Awaken Flame

(¢* or °° Forces, © © © Spirit, sometimes * ¢ Prime)
Fire is a talkative and hungry spirit, easily aroused and
quick to take action. With a few words or a pinch of spirit
dust, a shaman can awaken that spirit, giving the fire its own

direction and life. Once awakened, the fire retains its essen-
tial nature, which is to burn and grow. However, it now
possesses a limited capacity to grow in certain directions and
not in others. Once awake, this elemental being has its own
desires and wishes, so the shaman must convince it to
cooperate. Awakened Fire is chaotic and dangerous, but Fire
has long been a friend of man, so it can sometimes be helpful.

[Once Fire is awake, the shaman must communicate
and barter with it. Fire is often temperamental, quick and
hungry, but it can be tricked or enticed by a clever shaman
(with a sufficient Manipulation + Subterfuge roll). The
addition of Forces 3 and Prime 2 allows the mage to actually
create the fire she wishes to awaken. Most versions of this
rote require the mage to throw some offering into the fire,
or sometimes to sing for it. Once Fire is awake, the mage
may talk to it as she talks to any other spirit.]

Appendix 87

SS *

IN All

C
\

Possess Flame

(** or © °° Forces, ¢¢ © © Mind, sometimes * © Prime)

Instead of awakening the spirit of a fire, some shamans
prefer to actually become the fire. While her body lies in a
deep trance, the mage extends her mind and possesses a
living fire. At this point, she can control the flame and
sense its surroundings. While possessing a fire, the mage can
cause it to move over any flammable surface, to reach out
tongues of flame that ignite nearby objects, and to flare up
or die down.

[As a thought-in-flame, the mage can control the
direction and action of the fire, though the flame can be
extinguished, snuffing out a part of the mage's strength.
Unless the mage ends the possession before the fire is
extinguished, (and the player successfully rolls Wits +
Alertness [difficulty 7]), she loses a point of Willpower.
The Forces 2 version allows the shaman to possess any fire
up to the size of a large bonfire or small burning house.
Larger fires, which engulf entire mansions, apartment
complexes or office buildings, require Forces 4 to possess.
Prime 2 is necessary if the mage wishes to also create the
fire being possessed.]

Spirit Journey

(¢¢ Spirit, © ¢ Correspondence)

Entering an ecstatic trance through which spirits can
be contacted and their worlds understood is one of the

88 The Spirit Ways

most basic rites of shamanism. The shaman first enters a
deep trance though drugs, dancing, drumming or medita-
tion. Next, the magician untethers her perceptions and
wanders the Umbra mentally. This rote allows the mage to
explore any region of the Umbra, including the Deep
Umbra. Separated from her body's limitations, the mage's
spirit casts about various realms of perception. The sha-
man can visit even those strange and bizarre places of the
High Umbra that escape the comprehension of most other
mages, as long as she takes the proper steps to prepare her
consciousness.

[The mage's perceptions are located directly above
her body initially. However, she can shift her percep-
tions in any direction at great speed or choose to
perceive any well-known location in the Umbra (or the
Umbral equivalent of any well-known terrestrial loca-
tion). The standard Correspondence difficulties apply,
but the rote incurs a difficulty modifier of one if the
mage attempts to view the Umbral equivalents of ordi-
nary locations. While mages can theoretically use this
rote to visit any portion of the Umbra, some regions are
intensely confusing, while others are magically warded
or guarded by fierce Umbrood who attempt to chase
away all intruders. Also, travel is either purely linear or
limited to appearing in well-known locations. Trying
to find a place that is not well-known can be a long and
fruitless task.

a


[Using this rote, the mage can also communicate with
all spirits she encounters and even work magic (+1 to all
difficulty modifiers). While this ritual itself is usually
coincidental, since the mage's mind and body remain in
the mortal world, vulgar magic worked while using this
spell remains vulgar. Also, spirits that notice the mage's
wandering perceptions can attack the mage directly though
the link. However, all such attacks also suffer a difficulty
penalty of one.]

Spirit Warding

(¢° or ee e8 Spirit, ¢* Prime)

Hostile spirits and ghostly manifestations are no strang-
ers to mages. Such apparitions plague many areas of power,
of sometimes return to haunt their family or enemies. This
aspect of a shaman's fearsome power is often welcomed in
the community, for the shaman can protect against spirits
that possess people, cause mischief or destroy property.

Most versions of this rote can be cast by drawing a circle
around the area to be protected with a special tool or special
ink. Other versions protect the region for as long as some
activity continues, like keeping a blessed candle or fire
burning, drumming or chanting for the duration of the
ritual. Techno-fetishists and Void Engineers use a variety of
bizarre trinkets — techno-shamans draw upon the warding
and binding power in reflective surfaces, twisted chunks of
metal and painted spiral patterns, while Void Engineers
draw upon dimensional-stabilizing equipment. Like most
rotes that affect only spirits, this rote is almost always
coincidental magic.

[Spirit Warding seals an area of the mundane world
from spiritual attack and interference. The Spirit 2
version of this ritual raises the level of the Gauntlet by
one per success (to a maximum of 10). In addition, while
this version of the rote does not prevent spirits in the
Umbra from entering the region, the addition of Prime
causes damage to any spirit entering the area. If the spirit
has materialized, this rote does normal damage. If the
spirit has not materialized, this rote does five times that
much damage to the spirit's Power. The Spirit 4 version
actually creates an Umbral shield around the protected
region, preventing all spirits from either materializing
inside or otherwise entering the area. Once again, the
Prime component of this rote damages any spirit that
touches the barrier.]

Animal Riding

(ee Mind, or ¢** Mind, ¢* Correspondence)

Shamans and certain animals have deep mythic bonds.
This rote allows shamans use of these bonds to contact the
mind of a specific animal. By tugging on the mystic threads
of animal totems, ancient animal kings and pacts made with
the animal kingdom in days long past, the shaman can
communicate with and influence natural creatures. Once
in contact with the animal's mind, the mage can use its
senses as if these senses were her own. In addition, the mage

can influence the animal's emotions. This communication
is relatively imprecise, but animals can be convinced to
perform many relatively simple actions.

A mage using this rote must communicate with the
"ridden" animal and attempt to convince it to do his
bidding. This magic is not so much a form of control as
a sort of barter. Typically, the shaman makes an offer-
ing to the animal — a bit of food, a promise of freedom
or knowledge — and asks the animal's aid in return.
This sort of cooperation is most common with the
animals familiar to the shaman's family and culture. A
mage from northern Africa would be more at home with
snakes, jackals and cheetahs than an eastern-European
shaman, who would commune with various sorts of
birds and wolves.

[If the mage wishes the animal to do something obvi-
ously dangerous, he must either convince it todo so (probably
requiring a Manipulation + Animal Ken roll), or the player
must roll a contest of Willpower to force it to do so. If the
mage wants to force the animal to do something highly
dangerous or obviously suicidal, the player must also ex-
pend one Willpower point. In either case, forcing the
animal to perform any action makes the animal unwilling
to cooperate with any further suggestions. A shaman who
relies on animal servants too much may acquire a poor
reputation with totem and animal spirits.

[If the mage uses the version of rote that includes
Correspondence, she may "ride" any animal she knows,
regardless of distance. Mages who know this rote often have
many pampered pets and work animals that they use for
these purposes. Note, though, that a shaman can commune
with animals of this sort due to a profound and natural
respect. No shaman would consider trying to make animals
into slaves or tools with this magic.]

Coerce Spirit

(¢*° Mind, ¢¢ Spirit or ¢¢¢ © Spirit)

Though spirits are often friendly and cooperative to
mages who address them properly, some mages are un-
aware of the proper forms of address, or they prefer to
deal from a (perceived) position of strength. Other
spirits are disagreeable by nature. When a mage wishes to
deal with such a spirit, a lengthy dialogue or physical
duel is sometimes too demanding. In such cases, a mage
can resort to magical means of coercion, forcing the
spirit to obey his will. Naturally, this sort of magic is
risky, and continued behavior of this sort will certainly
attract negative attention.

[There are two basic rotes for coercing and controlling
spirits. Their effects are essentially identical, but their exact
methodology differs. The version that uses Mind 3 and
Spirit 2 affects the spirit's "mind," while the Spirit 4 version
affects its Umbral nature directly. While different in tech-
nique, the results of both techniques are nearly identical:
The spirit is compelled to obey the mage.

Appendix 89

IND

lS Zp

=

NG@w Ail

C
\

[Mages use this rote frequently to force spirits into a
spirit bottle. This rote can also summon a spirit and cause
it to perform a single action. To force a spirit to perform
some action, the caster's player must achieve a number of
successes equal to the spirit's Power score. The exact
nature and difficulty of the task asked of the spirit
determines the difficulty of this roll. Compelling a vio-
lent spirit to attack someone is relatively easy, while
asking a fire elemental to help put out a fire could
necessitate a difficulty of 8 or 9. Extended rituals are
often necessary to compel powerful spirits. However,
spirits know instantly if someone is attempting to per-
form such a ritual. Unless the shaman is in some way
protected from the spirit, the spirit may attack before the
ritual is complete.

[Mages who use this Effect too often risk alienating
spirits entirely. Such mages gain Notoriety.]

Create Talen

(eee Spirit, or e¢© Spirit, ¢¢ Prime)

Talens are essentially single-use fetishes. Both sha-
mans and the Changing Breeds make use of talens as
simple, portable, easily created items of magical power.
Creating a talen involves either awakening the spirit of
the object that will become the talen, or persuading a
lesser spirit to lend the object some of its Power. Once a
shaman uses or destroys the object, its power is released,
infusing the user with the appropriate power. Obviously,
talens are most effective when their powers mirror some of
the item's archetypal properties.

[Whether a talen incorporates an awakened spirit or
merely a bit of a patron spirit's Power, the talen must
incorporate some tass, or else the shaman must use Prime 2
to infuse the item with Quintessence to fix the magic
within the object. In many cases, talens are destroyed when
they are used. The ritual necessary to create a single talen
takes a minimum of eight to 12 hours to perform.]

Death Curse

(¢¢ Life, © © Spirit, sometimes © * Correspondence)

Whether caused by pointing a killing bone, making a
"voodoo doll" or sending the target a deadly dream, sha-
mans use this curse to slay their enemies. Regardless of how
the curse is performed, the results are similar. The target
will experience a serious illness (which can vary from a
sudden heart attack that kills the target within minutes, to
deadly fever that saps the target's strength until death) or
possibly a fatal accident.

[In most cases, the Death Curse rote is performed as an
extended ritual, with the shaman gradually accumulating
the successes needed to slay the target. Typically, the caster
must score enough successes on an extended damage ritual
to overcome the target's total Stamina and health levels.
This ritual usually takes at least a full hour to perform. If the
caster uses Correspondence magic for targeting, she can slay

90 The Spirit Ways

ee ee

a distant target as long as she possesses some arcane connec-
tion to the target — preferably hair, blood or some other
physical item. Without Correspondence magic, the caster
must confront the target and actually point the death bone
at him, curse him verbally or otherwise direct the curse
personally once the ritual is complete.

[Once successfully unleashed, the curse makes the
target suffer from a debilitating disease, taking away one
health level per day. Alternately, the target may be in-
volved in a serious accident within the next 24 hours.
Regardless of cause, the ritual is almost always coincidental.
Life magic or even immediate medical attention can some-
times save the life of the victim.]

Luck Blessing/Curse

(*ee Spirit, ¢* Entropy)

By awakening the spirits of an area, the shaman draws
their attention to the place's inhabitants and calls down
luck or curses. The shaman needs only leave a small
symbol or trinket that attracts the spirit's attention, so
that it stirs and seeks the object out. Most such blessings
ot hexes affect the area for a short time before the spirit
returns to its business. Longer-duration blessings or curses
of this type are possible, but they require that the shaman
negotiate with the now-awakened spirit and provide it
with some service worthy of continuing to enforce this
blessing or curse for a longer time. Curses are often
produced by arcane pictograms drawn on walls, or by
strange bundles buried in a field or hidden under a building's
floorboards. Most blessings are tied to attractive charms
attached to a wall or door, or even to a scarecrow.
Dreamspeakers tend to use small medicine bundles or
pictograms, while Verbena often effect this rote with a
blooded staff or sacrifice of a particular animal.

[A blessing or cursing rote must be cast on a specific
place, no larger than a single building. The actual size of
the region affected determines the number of successes
needed. One success affects a small one- or two-bedroom
house or a barn, while a mansion might take four suc-
cesses, and a large building as many as six or seven. If
performed successfully, this rote provides the inhabit-
ants with a general feeling of good will or ill will, and it
grants a -1 reduction (for a blessing) or a +1 increase in
difficulty (for a curse) for all routine activities performed
in this space. This bonus or penalty helps (or harms)
productivity and morale. A related version of this rote
blesses or curses up to several acres of fields, orchards or
other agricultural land.

[Both versions of this rote can also be performed so that
they affect only asingle activity. When used in this fashion,
the rote provides a bonus (or penalty) of three to all task
difficulties directly related to this specified activity. Fields
could be blessed so that the difficulty of all rolls related

directly to farming reduce by three, or a Progenitor labora-


tory could be given a curse that imposes a difficulty penalty
of three to all Science rolls. In all cases, the effects of this
rote last no longer than three months (one season). Casters
often use extended rituals to provide the maximum dura-
tion to this blessing. This rote cannot boost the success of
any type of magic.]

Physical Exorcism (¢¢¢ Spirit, ¢* © Life, ¢* Prime)

According to the shamanic paradigm, curses, bad
luck, illnesses and many similar problems come from the
influence of malefic spirits. While driving off such spirits
is usually sufficient, sometimes it is necessary to slay
them so that they will never return. This powerful rote
exorcises a possessing spirit and gives it a physical form
that may then be killed. The spirit is bound in this
physical form for the duration of the rote. When killed in
this fashion, the spirit is destroyed permanently. In
addition, shamans also can use this rote to physically
personify bad habits, mental illnesses, physical diseases
or even destructive emotions like hatred or jealousy. If
the rote works, the trait or illness is removed from the
person and must then be killed by the Dreamspeaker and
her associates. Once slain, the spirit leaves the patient
completely free of the illness or bad habit.

If the spirit, trait or illness survives this attack, it will
possess its victim again as soon as the duration of the rote
expires. Sometimes, the spirit will affect one (or even
several) of the people who attacked it instead. Often, if this
rote fails, the entity will affect its target with renewed vigor.

While Physical Exorcism provides a very direct
method of solving problems, it also carries many risks.
A bad flu may become a small predator like a bobcat,
and a somewhat more severe illness (like pneumonia or
TB) may become a large venomous snake. However, a
deadly curse or an extremely serious illness (like the
AIDS virus) may manifest as a large dangerous creature
potentially as dangerous as a vampire or a bear. Since
the spirit is called forth specifically to battle the sha-
man, the creature is often hostile and unnaturally
aggressive. Some particularly subtle or canny manifes-
tations may choose to flee the shaman, hoping to
escape and infect others.

[Physical Exorcism is often vulgar. To make it coinci-
dental, the creature must become a normal animal and the
location must be such that a normal animal could reason-
ably show up. For these reasons, this rote is usually performed
in wilderness areas.

[The Storyteller determines the severity of the prob-
lem to be overcome. If the rote succeeds, the problem
manifests as a physical creature, as described previously,
and the shaman must take steps to deal with the creature.
Generally, the spirit must be defeated in physical combat
without the use of additional magic. The duration of the
Effect determines how much time the shaman has in which
to fight the creature.]

Appendix 91

IS Zs

=

NG Ail

C
\

Animal Possession

(eee Mind, or ¢¢°¢Mind, © © Correspondence)

Though communication with animals is a mainstay of
shamanic lore, potent mages can even borrow the forms and
perceptions of animals. When using this rote, the magician's
body lapses into a deep trance while her mind occupies the
body of an animal. For all intents and purposes, the mage
becomes the animal for the duration of the ritual. She can
operate its body, guided by its instincts, as well as using its
senses to her advantage.

To use this rote, the mage must first find an appro-
priate animal and bring it into the ritual space. Many
Dreamspeakers (and other animal-kin) believe that the
animal should come willingly. To attract animals, many
shamans use gifts of food and space, setting aside a place
for the animals to come to them. Obviously, setting up
this rote isn't something one does on the spur of the
moment. Waiting for the animal may require several
hours of silent observation. "

Most versions of this rote require the mage to touch the
animal's head or to gaze deeply into its eyes. Whatever the case,
the mage must allow his anima to move, then let the dream-
trance pull his consciousness into the body of the beast.

{If the animal is injured, the player must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 6) or lose a Willpower point due
to the stress of controlling an injured beast. If the animal
dies while possessed, the player must score two or more
successes on a Willpower roll (difficulty 7), lest the shaman
snap back into his own body and enter a coma. Even if he
lives, the mage loses three Willpower points and suffers a
level of damage. The mage can leave the body at any time,
though a roll of Wits + Alertness (difficulty 7) may be
necessary to escape under duress or attack.

[Most shamans consider any animal they are possess-
ing to be under their care, and they see allowing it to be
injured as unjust and wrong. Violating the values of the
shamanic animal pacts can bring consequences. A sha-
man who uses animals blithely with no regard for their
welfare — or who manages to get many killed — is likely
to draw down the wrath of animal spirits. Like Animal
Riding, the version of Animal Possession that uses Corre-
spondence 2 allows the mage to possess a well-known
animal regardless of distance.]

Dreamquest

(ee¢ or eeee Spirit, ¢* Prime, ** Entropy, °¢
Mind or ¢¢¢¢ Mind, *¢ Prime, ¢* Entropy)

When Dreamspeakers call on ritual, they often use
soothing drums or trances to commune with the spirit
world, so that they may extend their powers over an area.
The frail mortal husk can only withstand so much exer-
tion, though, and many shamans have died while
attempting to create Effects of phenomenal strength.
Dreamspeakers long ago acknowledged the power of the

92 The Spirit Ways

spirit over the material, though, and through the
Dreamquest, they learned to call out to the Umbra and
cause the living world to respond in turn. Many shamans
know of this ritual, but the power and danger inherent in
its use makes it a rarely invoked rote.

Using the linkage of material and spiritual, it is possible
to find the Umbral effects that will cause the desired result
to occur in the mundane world. Tocause an earthquake, the
Dreamspeaker might have to do. battle with a powerful
Earth spirit. To cure a plague, the Dreamspeaker might
have to go on a lengthy quest into the far reaches of the
Umbra for a special healing herb. Similarly, causing a city
to collapse under social unrest and economic upheaval
might require that the Dreamspeaker gather an army of
Umbrood to storm the city's spiritual counterpart.

A Dreamquest rote is designed specifically to produce
large-scale effects. In its most extreme forms, it can start or
stop wars, topple governments, unleash or banish wide-
spread famine and pestilence. However, the difficulty of the
Umbral quest is directly proportional to the magnitude of
the desired change. A Dreamspeaker who casts this rote
successfully will know the quest that she must undertake
and approximately how difficult it will be. Mages who fail
ot who abandon the quest before it is complete accomplish
nothing at all. They may even draw down the ire of spirits
roused for the task and then left astray. Furthermore, while
the quest is in motion, other great forces may mobilize to
maintain the status quo. A Dreamspeaker could go on a
Dreamquest to rid his city of Technocratic influence, but
the Technocracy would certainly send its Pan-Dimensional
Corps to intervene.

{The Dreamquest is one of the oldest of the shamanic
rituals, as well as one of the most unusual. This rote
essentially allows the Dreamspeaker to make powerful,
coincidental changes in static reality by altering the Um-
bra. Powerful magic that has a profound effect on the
mundane world is often exceedingly difficult. Loosing or
curing a huge plague, destroying a city or causing a large
earthquake can often involve rituals that require as many as
a dozen successes and difficulties of 8 or higher. Such rituals
also risk completely destroying the mage with paradox.
However, Dreamspeakers know that every action taken in
the Umbra affects the mundane world just as every action
taken in the mundane world affects the Umbra.

[When a mage performs this ritual, the Storyteller is
under no obligation to make this quest easy, or even
possible. This rote could theoretically be used to start a
global thermonuclear war, ruin the economy of the United
States, cure the AIDS virus or produce a lasting world
peace. However, such extreme quests might take many
months or even years, and they would be far too difficult
for anything but a large group of the most powerful mages
in the world. As a general guideline, a normal group of

mage characters should, after much work, be able to affect

I

the fate of a single moderately large city. A quest of this
magnitude should be an epic event, not merely a matter of
a few die rolls.

{The mage or mages involved enter the Umbra (ei-
ther by using the Stepping Sideways, Breach the Gauntlet
or Untether Effect), then begin their quest. As soon as the
mage who actually performs the ritual enters the Umbra,
she will have a vision of the quest which must be under-
taken to accomplish the desired goal. At this point, the
mages involved can either decide that the quest appears
too difficult and dangerous, or they can set off. Such quests
form an entire story's worth of events, and they involve a
series of heroic endeavors like slaying foul Umbrood,
capturing valuable treasures or helping important spirits
in their hour of need. The nature of the quest should relate
indirectly to the task being performed. Causing social
chaos in a city or producing some other disaster usually
requires a quest that involves slaying or destroying some-
thing; blessing a city or solving some social problem
usually involves rescuing a spirit or repairing some dam-
aged object of value.

In all cases, the mundane results of such a quest occur
by purely coincidental means, over which the mages
involved have no control. A doctor might discover the
vaccine for a plague, a city's economy could be bolstered
by new businesses moving in, or social chaos may increase
when new gangs (or possibly even reckless vampires)
move into a city. Only a few powerful spirits, mages with
both Entropy and Spirit scores of 2 or higher and individu-
als with an Awareness talent of 4 or more will notice that
these events have a magical cause. While some brave or
foolhardy shamans attempt such quests on their own by
merely Stepping Sideways, most use Untether or Breach
the Gauntlet to allow them to bring their companions
along to aid them.]

Tools
Drugs

Various drugs have long been a part of shamanic
practice. Amazonian Dreamspeakers learned to use their
tich pharmacopoeia of jungle hallucinogens, while their
Central Asian counterparts used exotic, potentially deadly
mushrooms. Unlike the members of the Cult of Ecstasy,
Dreamspeakers rarely use powerful mind-altering drugs for
entertainment. Instead, shamans the world over have de-
veloped a rich lore of the various magical and medicinal
uses for a wide variety of leaves, roots, mushrooms and
herbal potions.

Today, the Progenitors, as well as a large number of
mundane doctors and biologists, journey to isolated parts
of the globe regularly to attempt to learn this lore and to
find and make use of these various plants and drugs. The
infamous "zombie powder" from Haiti is merely one of a

vast array of these drugs. Fortunately, the native sha-
mans have developed ways of protecting their knowledge
from outsiders.

While there are a number of plants, fungi and even
animal parts that are useful on their own, the most potent
shamanic drugs are all complex mixtures prepared in lengthy,
highly ritualistic ceremonies. Without the ceremony, the
effects of the drugs are much more subdued and usually
much less useful for anything other than mere entertain-
ment. Many of these drugs are also tass. This tass must come
from natural sources that have aspects related to the drug's
use. Thus, the natural sources absorb resonance that multi-
plies their own properties and augments it with magical
power. Few Progenitors and other outsiders have easy access
to these varieties of tass, and even fewer know the rituals
that allow it to be incorporated into the drug.

All of the following drugs are the shamanistic equiva-
lent to talens. They are materials that are infused with
spiritual power, and which are only effective for a single use.

Talen drugs derive their spiritual power from the awak-
ening of the spirit of the drug. To make a drug talen, the
Shaman must spend several days performing elaborate
rituals, and he must incorporate at least one point of
Quintessence into the drug. Awakening the drug usually
requires a Spirit 3 effect.

Curse Powder

Unlike the other drugs listed here, this one is designed
for use against the shaman's enemies. Despite the name,
this drug can take almost any form. One version is a
colorless mild-tasting liquid, another is a powder that works
on contact with the skin, and one of the most common
types is incense that must be burned.

Anyone affected by curse powder becomes sleepy and
falls into an exceedingly deep sleep within an hour. This
sleep seems perfectly natural, and victims can stay awake
during combat or other emergencies. However, victims
immediately fall asleep and become difficult to awaken
once the crisis is ver. While asleep, victims have extremely
vivid dreams and become highly susceptible to magical
dream control. An unscrupulous mage can shape the subject's
dreams, even causing an unsuspecting somnambulist to fall
prey to her own dreaming actions. Conversely, the sleep
induced by this powder is deep and refreshing, as long as the
mage does not take advantage of it to send nightmares or
injure the subject.

[The difficulty of all rolls to use Mind magic to control
the subject's dreams or otherwise influence his mind
decreases by two. In addition, the mage can cause the
subject to lose the paralysis that holds most people immo-
bile while they sleep. The mage can cause the subject to
act out the actions he performs in dreams. Since the same
mage can also use Mind magic to control the content of
these dreams, the subject can be tricked into performing
almost any action.

Appendix 93

I

DYE

IS

ID.


NG Ail

IZ

a

[However, if the subject is injured while under the
influence of this drug, the player can make a Willpower
roll (difficulty of 9 minus the number of health levels of
damage taken) in order to wake up. Subjects who suc-
ceed in this roll throw off all effects of the drug
immediately. Otherwise, a single dose of this drug lasts
for 6 hours, after which time, the subject sleeps normally
and wakes up when fully rested.]

Dream Powder

Almost every Dreamspeaker knows how to make at
least one version of dream powder. This most basic shaman-
istic drug opens the gateways of perception and allows the
user to perceive and interact with the spirit world more
easily. It is also an extremely strong hallucinogen.

There are many forms of dream powder. Some are
ingested, others smoked, and many of the versions made by
Amazonian Dreamspeakers must be inhaled. Each version
of this drug uses a strong local hallucinogen like peyote,
ayahuasca or even LSD (for techno-shamans), Like soma,
Dreamspeakers who manufacture dream powder often run
into legal trouble. The Technocracy's end of the war on
drugs is part of a concerted effort to prohibit the Masses
from perceiving the spirit world.

[Dream Powder adds one temporary dot to the user's
Spirit rating (up to the limit of her Arete) and reduces
the difficulty of all Spirit Magic rolls by one. Asa part of
this bonus, the user receives the Merit Spirit Sight, and
the Flaw Spiritually Noticeable temporarily. In addition,
the hallucinations and sensory distortions increase the
difficulty of all mundane Perception rolls by two. Sleep-
ers who take this drug receive the aforementioned Merit
and Flaw for the duration of the effect and suffer from the
hallucinations. However, since few Sleepers believe in
spirits, most will assume that the spirits are also halluci-
nations. Similarly, this drug aids the magic of only those
mages who are willing to accept that dreams and hallu-
cinations are real and valid. Mages other than
Dreamspeakers, Cultists of Ecstasy and Verbena who use
this drug receive no bonuses to their magic. Techno-
crats, Virtual Adepts and most Sons of Ether actually
increase the difficulty of all magic rolls by two while
under the influence of dream powder.

[Since dream powder is largely unrefined, new users
often find it too harsh to breathe. The player must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty 5) for the character to inhale the
drug without sneezing or vomiting it up. Characters who
have used the drug successfully on more than one occasion
are acclimated to its use, and their players need not make
such a roll.}

Flying Ointment

Unlike the "flying ointments" used by the Verbena,
this concoction — one of the most powerful drugs known
to the Dreamspeakers and kin — does not empower
physical flight, but rather untethers the spirit. Mages can

94 The Spirit Ways

use this drug to observe the spirit world in the vicinity of
any familiar mundane locations. Someone who takes this
drug while visiting Java can use it to observe the spirit
world in the vicinity of her home in Maine, or even a
familiar cafe in London. Of course, since this aspect of the
spirit world is a reflection of the material world, some
details may be hard to see. However, the mage can see
spirits and (in some cases) the emotional resonance that
clings to an area.

Taking this drug also drops the user into a deep, trance.
Until the drug has run its course, users cannot be awakened
from this trance without dangerously strong stimulants or
powerful Life magic.

Sleepers who take this drug experience the same effects
as mages. Unfortunately, they have no control over the
spiritual locations they see. Instead, they might potentially
view any location in the spirit world, from the most won-
drous to the most horrific. The more upset and distressed
the Sleeper is before taking the drug, the more unpleasant
the experience is likely to be. Some Dreamspeakers and
Verbena use this drug as a way to help Awaken promising
Sleepers. Sometimes it works; sometimes flying ointment
leaves the Sleeper with vivid memories of intense halluci-
nations, and sometimes it drives Sleepers who take it
permanently insane.

Both the Verbena and the Dreamspeakers use this
drug, but Dreamspeaker legends assert that the Verbena
learned the secret of making this drug several thousand
years ago from the native shamanistic traditions that evolved

‘into the Dreamspeakers. Most likely, the drug was discov-

ered in some long-ago date lost to history, when the
proto-Verbena and Dreamspeakers were one and the same.

Like all other shamanic drugs, flying ointment comes
in many forms. The most common form of this drug is an
ointment that the user smears over her entire body. Recipes
for flying ointments differ, and they include everything
from jimsonweed to hashish. However, all versions contain
several powerful euphotics and a few hallucinogens.

The Technocracy fears flying ointment since it can
allow even the Masses to perceive (and perhaps catch the
attention of) dread creatures lurking in the furthest reaches
of the Deep Umbra. Similarly, inexperienced Nephandi
often attempt to learn the secret of creating this drug since
it allows them to visit and communicate with the realms of
their masters.

[Flying ointment allows any Awakened character to
view the spirit world by using a conjunctional Spirit 2,
Correspondence 2 effect. Under the sway of the drug, the
Effect is considered coincidental magic. Furthermore,
the imbiber can slip into the spirit realms easily without
any special knowledge. The player needs only make an
Arete roll (difficulty 5) for the mage to see the spirit
realms. Each dose of this drug usually lasts between one
to two hours.]


Shomi

Until recently, shomi was only known to a few tribes
living in the depths of the Amazonian jungle. However,
increased contact between various groups of Dreamspeakers
has spread knowledge of this drug throughout the world.
Prepared from a mixture of tass and the South American
ayahuasca plant, this drug allows an Awakened user to
contact anyone she knows well, anywhere in the world.
Creating this drug requires at least an ounce of fresh or
dried ayahuasca, as well as knowledge of the rather propri-
etary formula. Once learned, though, its creation ritual is
fairly simple.

Shomi produces intense and vivid hallucinations
of a vast and somewhat threatening network of twining
things that, depending on the user, may appear to be
pipes, vines or even an enormous nest of large snakes.
The secret of these vines or snakes is that they actually
represent the myriad paths connecting humanity's col-
lective unconscious. The way to use this drug successfully
is to make close physical contact with this network.
The imbiber must allow one of the vines to wrap around
her and grow into her flesh, or allow one of the snakes
to bite her. Once that happens, she can then use the
power of the dream to communicate with another liv-
ing or spiritual (but not undead) being anywhere on
earth, as long as that entity is somehow connected to
human consciousness.

Sleepers contacted using this drug will most often
experience the message as a dream, a brief daydream or
possibly a particularly vivid bout of talking to themselves.
When used to contact another mage or other Awakened
being, the drug allows normal conversation. However,
numerous vivid impressions of vines or snakes and similar
hallucinatory images creep into any communication that
involves this drug. Sleepers who use this drug merely
experience intense hallucinations of snakes, vines or other
long, slender twining objects.

[Shomi effectively creates a coincidental conjunc-
tional Effect of Mind, Correspondence and Spirit, allowing
the user to communicate with other beings through dream-
speech. The mage need not know any of these Spheres to
perform this effect, but only mages with an Arete score of at
least one can use this drug effectively. This drug does not
allow the user to contact werecreatures or vampires, since
such beings are not connected to the rest of humanity in the
same fashion.]

Soma

Using secret recipes learned millennia ago from mem-
bets of the (now) Cult of Ecstasy, Dreamspeakers the
world over make and use soma as a potent physical drug.
While most of the drugs known to shamans aid spiritual
perceptions and mystical understanding, soma improves
the user's body. Legends tell of how Dreamspeakers made
soma for ancient heroes long ago, to allow them to fight

Appendix 95

Se

NG Ail

IZ

the most deadly magical beasts. Numerous pre-Columbian
tribes in North America used a variant of soma to allow
messengers to run for days without stopping or even
slowing down. In Central Asia, Mongol shamans gave
their version of soma to their bravest warriors. Today, few
know the secret of its manufacture, but it is prized by all
who know its power.

While there are many different recipes for soma (and
the drug takes multiple forms), it is most often found as
some sort of small cake or paste that is eaten. When the
user takes the drug, she must have some definite physical
goal in mind. This goal may be almost anything that is
purely physical, like running to the next city, fighting a
HIT Mark, lifting a huge weight or guarding a house
against all attackers.

Once eaten, soma takes effect rapidly. The eater spends
a few seconds focusing upon his feats to come, and the drug
disseminates throughout the body, pushing him to incred-
ible feats of endurance. As long as the drug lasts, the user is
nearly indefatigable, with single-minded dedication and
potent resistance to pain. Of course, once the heightened
state ends, the user must recover, but the benefits often
outweigh the costs.

There are almost as many different recipes for soma as
there are different shamanic cultures. However, all of the
recipes have many features in common. All soma recipes
contain one or more strong natural stimulants, as well as a
number of mild euphorics. Most known recipes for soma
involve using materials that are illegal under most first
world drug laws.

[Once eaten, soma takes effect within a number of
turns equal to the user's Stamina. Soma raises the user's
Strength, Dexterity and Appearance each by one, and it
adds three points to the user's Stamina. The user literally
seethes with life and health. The drug negates all penalties
from damage while it is in effect, and it allows the user to do
killing damage with her hands. Best of all, when performing
the specified task — the one task on which the user
concentrated immediately after ingesting the soma — the
difficulty of all rolls relating directly to performing this task
decreases by two. Using soma, someone can run for days at
twice normal speed without resting or even slowing. A
normal human using soma even stands a good chance of
winning a fight against a vampire or other supernatural
adversary. However, the affects of a single dose of soma last
a maximum of three days.

[Using soma is a mixed blessing. The focus and
single-mindedness produced by the drug reduce the user's
Manipulation and Charisma each by one, and the user
has a +2 difficulty modifier to all rolls that are not related
to the focused task. In addition, once the user is finished
with her task, she immediately loses all bonuses from the
drug. Once the drug wears off, each of the user's physical
attributes drops by one point for a full day. Also, the user

96 The Spirit Ways

T eee

is physically and mentally exhausted, and he must rest
for several hours before being able to perform any further
strenuous activities. Humans can safely use soma no
more than once a month. If soma is used without a clear
objective, it merely gives the user a bonus of one to
Strength, Dexterity and Stamina. In addition, using
soma more than once in a month produces severe shakes
and fatigue in the user, without granting any concomi-
tant benefit.

[Creating soma requires that the Dreamspeaker learn
the recipe and know Life 2 in addition to Spirit 3. Also,
while the ingredients take only a single day to prepare, the
drug must age for a full lunar month before it can be used.
The finished drug then remains potent for only another full
lunar month. Both mages and Sleepers can use this drug,
but it does not affect werecreatures or vampires.]

Spirit Smoke

Much like flying ointment, spirit smoke loosens the
ties that keep mind, body and spirit in close communion.
Inhaled as a form of incense, the smoke causes a mage's
perceptions to expand until his mind is free from its physical
confines, allowing the mind to roam about the various
layers of existence. While the dreamer explores the higher
planes of consciousness, his body remains comatose. Though
Sleepers often misunderstand the visions imbued by spirit
smoke, its use allows many mages to explore realms that
would otherwise be barred to them.

Spirit smoke is made from a mixture of raw opium,
hashish and several rare herbs, as well as a small quantity of
tass. To create it, a mage must then infuse the mixture with
Quintessence. After it has been infused with power, the
drug must then age fora full lunar month. Only a single dose
of this drug can be made at a time, as larger quantities do not
"set" properly.

This drug must be burned in an open container, like
incense in order to work. Spirit smoke produces large
quantities of thick, sweet-smelling smoke. Any Sleeper
who breathes this smoke will fall into a deep stupor filled
with half-remembered visions and hallucinations. A prop-
erly trained mage, though, can guide his consciousness,
sending it out to experience other places.

Of course, like many hallucinogens, spirit smoke has
some side effects. Even in Sleepers, the drug causes fatigue.
Excessive use can be physically debilitating as well.

[Any mage who knows at least Mind 3 and Spirit 2
experiences the Mind 5 Effect Untether while using
spirit smoke. This effect lasts 7 - Stamina hours (with a
minimum of two hours). None of the affected mages
may return to their bodies until this duration is up.
However, other mages can use Life 3 effects to cleanse
the drug from a subject's systems and cancel the effects
of this drug in a few minutes. While affected by this
drug, the subjects are entirely unaware of their bodies,
but they are able make full use of their untethered


condition to travel the far reaches of the Umbra. Since
the drug is breathed in as smoke, it can be used to affect
groups of mages who all inhale the fumes from the
burning drug. Generally, up to half a dozen mages can
partake of one dose of this drug.

(Unfortunately, using spirit smoke is quite exhausting.
After this drug wears off, the user becomes groggy and
somewhat nauseous. The user's player suffers a difficulty
penalty of two to all Physical Attribute rolls until the
character has slept for at least eight hours and eaten a full
meal. Also, using spirit smoke more than twice a month
risks serious health consequences. After the mage takes
three or more doses in a month, the player must make a
Stamina roll with a difficulty of 6 plus one for every dose
beyond the second. Failure means the user becomes vio-
lently ill with no beneficial effects, remaining nauseous for
several days. A botch indicates that the character loses one
point of Stamina permanently.]

Magicalltems

Spirit Bottle

Used to keep naughty spirits under control, the spirit
bottle is thought to be a creation "borrowed" from the lost
Taftani mages. The Taftani consorted with various sorts of
djinn and efrits, spirits from Arabia, Persia and the Middle
East. With a spirit bottle, a spirit could be stored, often
trapping a hostile spirit so that it could not wreak havoc in
the material world.

Some mages use spirit bottles as a method of capturing
dangerous spirits. Others wish to have ready access to the
knowledge and wisdom possessed by spirits, and many
mages use spirit bottles as emergency defenses. Most
spirits object to being placed in a spirit bottle, and they
will readily bargain for their freedom. Some spirits offer
advice and counsel, but the most standard bargain is for
either one or three services to be performed by the spirit
when it is freed. The magical structure of the spirit bottle
itself helps enforce this contract, and it ensures that the
spirit keeps any bargain it makes.

Spirit bottles must be physical objects, and opening
them requires some physical alteration. A spirit stored in
a bottle or jar is freed if the object is broken or the lid is
removed. If a gemstone is made into a spirit bottle, the
spirit is freed when the gem is broken. A spirit trapped in
a tattoo is freed if the tattoo is damaged. While both
stoppered gourds painted with intricate patterns and
hollowed bones are traditional forms of spirit bottles
used by Dreamspeakers, today glass pop bottles and
mason jars (usually decorated with strands of beads) also
function as spirit bottles.

Creating a spirit bottle involves lengthy preparation of
the object being used. In general, creating a temporary spirit
bottle requires at least a full day of work.

Shamans who craft or carry too many spirit bottles, or
just use them often, risk Notoriety. Many spirits dislike
being trapped, and a mage who makes a practice of doing so
can earn the spirits' enmity.

{Any mage with Spirit 3 and Prime 2 can make a
temporary spirit bottle. A temporary spirit bottle must
be specifically designed to contain a single variety of
spirit. Once a spirit of this type has been tricked or
coerced into entering this bottle, the bottle is sealed
and the spirit is trapped. Once inside the bottle, the
spirit can communicate normally with other spirits,
mediums or mages, but it cannot use any of its powers or
abilities. A spirit can be stored in a spirit bottle indefi-
nitely. However, some exceptionally powerful spirits
like the Umbrood lords are simply too powerful to be
trapped in temporary spirit bottles.]

Fetishes

While most Traditions concentrate on making talis-
mans, shamans create a wide range of powerful fetishes. A
fetish is a sacred object, since a spirit chooses (hopefully
willingly) to inhabit it. As stated in mage: The Ascension,
creating a fetish requires both a willing spirit and Spirit 4
magic. Mages can also force an unwilling spirit into a fetish,
but doing so is considered a vile act unless the spirit is
otherwise too dangerous to let loose. (In any case, forcing
spirits into bonds against their will is, again, a good source
of Notoriety.)

A mage must attune a fetish before using it. The maker
of a fetish is automatically attuned to it. Other mages can
attunea fetish if the player succeeds iri rolling the charactet's
Arete with a difficulty equal to the fetish's Gnosis rating.
Every point of Quintessence or tass used in this roll lowers
the difficulty by one point, up to three. Success of any type
indicates attunement, failure indicates that the mage can-
not attempt attunement with the fetish again until her
Arete increases, and a botch indicates that either the fetish
in. some way attacks the mage or that the spirit has been
freed from the fetish.

One attuned, a fetish can be used at will. To activate a
fetish the player must make another Arete roll with the
fetish's Gnosis as the difficulty. Success indicates that the
fetish is active; failure indicates that the power does not
function, but the mage may try again on the next turn. A
botch means that the shaman must wait a full day before
attempting to activate the fetish again. If desired, ashaman
may also spend Quintessence to lower the difficulty of this
roll (up to 3 points, as usual).

Many of the fetishes listed in Werewolf: The Apoca-
lypse and its supplements may be both created and used by
Dreamspeakers, at the discretion of the Storyteller. Obvi-
ously, some are too "werewolf-oriented" to be useful to a
mage, while others depend on ancestral werewolf-spirits or
specific shapeshifter rituals. Of course, mages create a

Appendix 97

Ee

ING

Va

G


number of fetishes themselves. Though Dreamspeakers are
the primary architects of fetishes, Verbena and Hermetic
mages ate known to barter with spirits to make objects of
power in this fashion as well.

®® to eee (Depending on the Spirit) Spirit Pos-
session Masks (Gnosis 5-8)

Masks allow shamans to become someone else, to leta
different entity be responsible for the wearer's actions.
They also channel the visage and power of the entity
pictured. Spirit possession masks, then, are perhaps the
most free expression of that principle. The shaman literally
becomes a conduit for the mask's patron spirit. The particu-
lar spirit's essence is connected to the mask directly, and the
spirit rides the shaman's body when the shaman wears the
mask. Though the controlled shaman may perform inimical
actions while under the sway of the spirit, the spirit can also
exercise its miracles through its host.

[Putting on the mask and activating it successfully
allows the mage to be possessed by the spirit associated
with the mask. One advantage of using such a mask is
that an unasked-for spirit cannot possess the user, even
if the activation roll botches. Instead, a botch usually
means that the mask is destroyed or that the correct spirit
arrives in a truly foul mood. While possessed, the user
gains one dot in all Physical Attributes, as well as the
ability to use any of the spirit's powers. Both wraiths and
Umbrood can possess people using such masks. However,

98 The Spirit Ways

| ae

shamans with no knowledge of Mind magic have no
awareness of the physical events occurring while they are
possessed. They may communicate with the spirit, but
the spirit is under no obligation to be truthful in its
statements.

[Mages possessed using these masks may also attempt to
force the possessing spirit to leave (make contested Will-
power rolls once per hour if the mage is trying to evict the
spirit). Shamans who have at least one dot in Mind may
maintain physical awareness of their surroundings, and the
players may make a Willpower roll (with a difficulty equal
to the spirit's Willpower) to take control of their own body
for one scene. While possession by some spirits is quite
risky, spirits who have a positive relationship with the
shaman usually perform the actions desired by the shaman,
and leave when requested. However, such spirits will ex-
pect certain payment or favors in return.

[As long as a nearby mage's player makes the necessary
Arete roll, this mask can also be activated when a Sleeper
puts it on, allowing the spirit to possess the Sleeper.]

¢e¢ Fire Shirt (Gnosis 6)

Speaking with fire is one of the basic skills that
most shamans learn. The fire shirt is a fetish that helps
novice shamans deal effectively with fire. Created with
the aid of a powerful spirit of fire, che most common
form of this item is as a highly decorated shirt. How-
ever, this fetish can also be found in the form of an


elaborately woven sash or a belt adorned with disks of
metal and shell. The fire shirt calls upon its inhabiting
spirit of flame to dull the effects of heat, to ward against
burns and to defend against the ravaging effects of fire.
Of course, the shaman will still feel the heat, but she
won't suffer the usual injuries.

[When a fire shirt is worn and activated (regardless of
its actual form) the wearer and everything else she is
wearing or carrying receives three points of armor against
all fires, as well as all attacks based on flame or heat. Once
activated, this protection lasts for an hour.]

ee Spirit Snake (Gnosis 6)

Those who walk in dreams and among spirits may
find their bodies left behind. Fortunately, Snake has
long been a powerful friend of medicine men. Lairing in
the earth, Snake knows much of the Underworld, and he
can guard a shaman against harm while his spirit wanders
there or elsewhere. This fetish is often used to guard a
shaman's body. It normally has the form of a slightly
wavy wooden staff or cane ornamented with bits of
copper, shell, feathers or other similar objects. However,
when it is activated, the staff transforms into a venomous
serpent between two and four feet long. If instructed to
do so, this snake will guard the shaman's body against all
interference. Once activated, the snake remains on duty
until the next sunrise or sunset. After this time, it returns
to the form of a staff or cane.

[A spirit snake has the following Attributes and Abilities:
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Mental: Perception 3. Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Dodge Pool: 3; Attack Pool: 5
Willpower 5
Health Levels: OK, Injured (-1), Mauled (-2), Crippled (-
5), Dead
Its bite does one health level of damage, and if the bite
actually damages the target, the snake's poison does one
health level of damage every 10 minutes, up to (eight minus
the victim's Stamina) health levels of damage.]

ee Spirit Steed (Gnosis 5)

In the mundane world, a spirit steed resembles a
hand-carved and decorated hobbyhorse. Spiritually,
though, the spirit steed is a creature of speed and beauty
—— a powerful horse that travels the Umbral byways with
surety. To use this device, the shaman must mount the
steed and physically enter the Umbra. Once in the
Umbra, the spirit steed becomes a horse-like creature
that allows the rider to move at approximately twice
normal speed, jumping easily over any obstacle. This
steed outruns all but the fasted Umbrood, and it travels
long distances without need for rest. Also, unless delib-
erately misled, it is impossible to become lost when
riding a spirit steed to a location the shaman has visited
previously. This device is another common item used by

powerful shamans, especially those trained in Central
Asia and Siberia.

{Spirit steeds are nearly tireless, loyal horse compan-
ions. A spirit steed uses its own energy to empower its
travels, and thus is valuable because it does not require
any Quintessence. Since the spirit is usually a spirit of
travel or horses in any case, the steed garners pleasure
from fulfilling its role as a horse. Thus, such steeds can
even be ridden by inexperienced characters without any
affinity to animals.]

e° Spirit Sword (Gnosis 5)

Manya mage runs afoul of hostile spirits at some point, and
a potent weapon makes for a good defense. Properly enchanted,
a fetish blade can deter spirits and drain them of their Power.

Of course, a spirit sword need not be an actual, physical
blade — only the weapon's spiritual component is impor-
tant. One common form of Asian spirit sword is made of
Chinese copper cash strung together with a silk cord into
the form of a sword.

[A spirit sword is simply a weapon that can do
aggravated damage to all spirits, even completely imma-
terial ones. A spirit sword does sword damage (Strength
+4) to any spirit is strikes. The blade does aggravated
damage to Umbrood, ghosts, zombies (Risen) and even
vampires. It can also be used to strike though the Gaunt-
let and attack any creature in the Umbra, including
Garou. If a spirit has no health levels, this weapon does
quadruple damage to the spirit's Power. Reducing a spirit
to zero Power with this weapon destroys the spirit.
However, since many Dreamspeakers see spirits as the
opposite of the living, the vast majority of spirit blades
cannot be used to effectively attack ordinary living
beings. When used on living beings these weapons gen-
erally inflict Strength +1 lethal damage.

[A few extremely rare spirit swords are made in the
form of ordinary weapons that do aggravated damage to all
living and ephemeral targets, but such special items must be
found — they cannot be made or bought as fetishes by
ordinary mages. Some spirit swords have been designed so
that even Sleepers can use them, but such weapons are also
quite rare.]

eee Storm Whistle (Gnosis 6)

"*Whistling up the weather" is not so far off from shamanic
tradition. While song and dance may rouse the wind and
earth spirits to action, a simple whistle channels and calls to
the air much more effectively. This fetish is always made in
the form of a whistle, recorder or other such musical instru-
ment. Once activated, the shaman can play a variety of tunes
that then produce almost any reasonable weather.

A storm whistle can produce only weather appropriate
to the season and location. It cannot cause heat waves
during an Alaskan winter or hurricanes in Nebraska, but
different tunes can produce winds, storms, rain or drought.

Appendix 99

eee

IND

TS ZS


Nell

acer Te:
mn te Ae, a,
is: ae
ME Goa

100 = The Spirit Ways

[Using this Whistle requires that the player spend
three points of Quintessence or tass. Weather produced by
this item generally lasts until the next sunrise or sunset, at
which point it fades naturally. This item does not allow the
shaman to control or direct the weather precisely. It cannot
be used to direct lightning strikes or tornadoes. However,
general effects such as roughly controlling the direction of
winds are possible.

[This item cannot be used more than once a day ina
single location without a risk of producing extreme and
unpredictable weather.]

eeee Drum of Madness (Gnosis 6)

Though shamans are often healers and arbiters, some
follow a more malevolent path. Certainly, a drum of mad-
ness stems from such shamans, for its use cannot be construed
as anything more than a device of terror. Almost always
appearing as a hand-held drum, a drum of madness seems
unassuming enough, at least until a shaman plays it with
malicious intent. The reverberations of this drum flow
through the minds of surrounding listeners, tugging at their
inner demons and awakening manifestations of the most
negative aspects of their personalities.

[When a skilled shaman beats a drum of madness and
its activation roll succeeds, every person standing within
clear earshot (usually around 30 feet) is subjected to its
power. Each player must make a Willpower roll with a
difficulty of 8, or the affected characters become tempo-
rarily insane. This insanity lasts for the next full day, unless
the listener botches the Willpower roll, in which case the
madness lasts for the next full lunar month. The shaman
cannot determine the exact form of madness produced.
Each listener will have the flaws and defects in his own
personality magnified to such a degree that quirks and
eccentricities can become full-blown psychoses. See the list
of derangements in Mage for further ideas on the types of
madness produced by this item. In general, the madness
produced by this item is violent and disruptive, with emo-
tional breakdowns, paranoia and severe delusions being
common results.]

eeeee Death Mask (Gnosis 7)

Worn to let the wearer see through different eyes and
into the realms of the inhuman, a death mask's eerie and
often gruesome visage is but a small fraction of its true
nature. This item always has the appearance of a wooden or
metal mask made in the form of the face of a corpse. Asa
release from the normal constraints of the body and a grim
visage of the afterworld, the mask allows communication
and contact with the Underworld of ghosts.

Furthermore, the death mask allows a shaman to
perform the Orphic journey, to traverse the barriers of
worlds and step into.the lands of the dead. By diving
into a pool of water until reaching a point where no
light penetrates, or by walking into a cavern until
reaching the depths of blackness, the shaman can liter-


ally walk or swim into the Shadowlands. By climbing
back out toward the light, the shaman can even return
from death — although the mask's power is insufficient
to bring anyone or anything back with the shaman.
Deliberately, anyway....

[The wearer of a death mask can see and communicate
with all wraiths within his normal line of vision automati-
cally, as long as they are in the Shadowlands. In addition,
if the wearer either walks into a large body of water, or goes
underground, she may travel into the Shadowlands imme-
diately if the player spends one point of tass or Quintessence.
Once in the Shadowlands, this mask makes the wearer
appear to be a perfectly ordinary wraith. Unless otherwise
told, most wraiths will not know that the wearer is actually
a living shaman.

{However, working magic in the Shadowlands often
gives away the shaman's true identity. See Beyond the
Barrier: The Book of Worlds (p. 191) for information
about working magic in the Shadowlands. To return to the
land of the living, the wearer must climb above the ground,
such as by climbing stairs or a tree, and the player must
spend two points of Quintessence or tass.]

Talismans

Talismans are ordinary magical creations that are pow-
ered by Quintessence instead of spiritual energy. While
fetishes are quite versatile, most items that involve control-
ling spirits, manipulating the Umbra or traveling into (or
through) the Umbra are Talismans.

ee Permanent Spirit Bottle

Arete 3, Quintessence 20, Cost 2

Even the most fearsome of Umbral spirits are wary
around the heavily enchanted spirit bottles. Since a cursory
physical examination usually cannot tell a simple talen
bottle from a more effective version, mages must often
experiment to discover the true power of these sorts of spirit
bottles. Spirits themselves can usually tell this potent sort
of trap from the specialized versions, and they make them-

' selves scarce when these bottles crop up.

A talisman spirit bottle is a more powerful and more
durable version of a standard spirit bottle. Unlike ordinary
spirit bottles, permanent spirit bottles can hold a vast
variety of spirits, including (in some cases) the most
powerful Umbrood lords. Using a permanent spirit bottle
requires no special preparations, and any such bottle can
hold any spirit.

Like "ordinary" spirit bottles, permanent spirit bottles
must be altered physically to free the spirit. If a talisman of
this type is broken or destroyed, the spirit escapes automati-
cally. All such talismans are designed to be physically
reusable, and most take the form of some sort of container
with a stopper or lid.

Talisman spirit bottles are potent artifacts, and the
secrets of their creation are thought lost with the death

of the Taftani. Still, they do tend to show up in the
oddest places....

{Each time a permanent spirit bottle is used to capture
a spirit the cost of this talisman must be paid. However,
questioning, bargaining with or freeing the spirit costs no
Quintessence. Naturally, just owning a bottle of this sort is
usually enough to attract some Notoriety.]

eeee Spirit Barrier

Arete 4, Quintessence 25, Cost 4

Designed specifically to ward an area against harmful
spirit manifestations, this Talisman usually takes the form
of a set of four small silver charms made in the shapes of
small gates or doors. When not using them, shamans often
wear them as jewelry. To use this item, one of these wards
is placed at each corner of a room, house, yard or other
region no larger than a single city block. Next, the appro-
priate ritual is used to activate the device. Once activated,
all spirits inside the warded area are driven out, and no
new spirits can enter the region for an entire lunar month.
No Umbrood, regardless of its power level, can enter a
region bounded by these wards. Even Umbrood in physi-
cal form are barred from entering. The wards are
traditionally placed on or near roads, pathways or walk-
ways to a dwelling. If any of the wards are moved once they
ate activated, then the protection is negated. Spirits
cannot attempt to move these wards, but they can attempt
to convince mortals to do so.

[Particularly powerful Umbrood may be able to batter
down a spirit barrier, but most of the sorts of spirits that
mages deal with will be unable to cross this boundary. Of
course, operating this talisman can garner Notoriety, espe-
cially if a shaman bars a spirit from its natural home.]

eee Spirit Door

Arete 4, Quintessence 25, Cost 4

Sleepers would laugh at the idea of an empty doorframe
opening into other worlds. Shamans and science-fiction
aficionados alike know better. This talisman usually takes
the form of a false door ina wall. It appears to be a doorframe
surrounding a blank wall instead of a door. A mage activates
this talen by singing special chants, performing certain
dances near it or by writing certain symbols along the
doorframe. Just as the doorframe represents a gateway, it
allows passage to the other side — but in this case, the other
side of the Gauntlet.

[When activated, a spirit door opens a gateway into the
Umbra. Anyone or anything that can fit through the
doorway physically can enter or leave the Umbra through
it. The portal remains open for a full lunar month, but it can
be closed at any time with no additional Quintessence cost
by anyone who knows the secret of opening it. Most
Dreamspeakers do not leave such doors standing open since
doing so can invite the attentions of dangerous Umbrood.
Many Dreamspeakers place such doorways in their Sanc-
tums where rending the Gauntlet is not vulgar magic.]

Appendix 101

ID.ND,

tS ZX

RF 54

NG Ail

"le

eeeee Umbral Horse
Arete 5, Quintessence 32, Cost 8

This powerful talisman is a specially made version of
the more common spirit steed fetish (see p. 99). Like the
spirit steed, this device takes the form of an elaborately
carved and decorated hobbyhorse. When the
Dreamspeaker mounts the Umbral horse and utters the
correct chant, the steed takes her anywhere in the Um-
bra or Deep Umbra, almost instantly. In addition, it can
carry its rider though the Umbra at almost any speed
desired, keeping pace with even the fastest Umbrood.
While the person directing the horse must be a shaman,
the rider can take along one additional passenger with-
out risking any reduction in speed.

[The Umbral horse is, of course, a rather potent trans-
port, but it is not flawless. Magical wards can stop it, and it
cannot pull a shaman out of an area with special exiting
requirements. Still, it makes for excellent transport, espe-
cially when the shaman and a passenger need to get
somewhere in the Umbra in a hurry.]

Lesser Talismans

Lesser talismans are magical aids that help a mage
perform a single rote. Unlike an ordinary focus, a lesser
talisman is a specially crafted object that allows the user to
perform only a single, well-defined rote. A mask that
allows the user to change into a polar bear could not also
be used to heal the user, or even to allow her to change
into a black bear. In power, the lesser talisman is more
heavily enchanted than a simple focus, but not quite the
equal of a true talisman — a device keyed to make a single
Effect easier, rather than a device that holds and invokes
an Effect on its own.

Lesser talismans typically reduce the difficulty of
their special rote by three. In addition, lesser talismans
can be designed to boost one of the user's Spheres by
one, but only for purposes of casting that particular
rote. For example, a lesser talisman of shapeshifting
could allow a mage with Life 3 to shapeshift (which
normally requires Life 4). The only limit on this boost-
ing is that the boosted Sphere can still not exceed the
mage's Arete (in the previous example, the mage would
still need an Arete of four or more). Any mage who is
a part of the maker's Tradition can use lesser talismans
to reduce the difficulty for a rote. Lesser talismans that
actually boost a Sphere must be specially made for the
wearer. This property may seem potent, but it's far from
the power of a greater talisman, which could conceiv-
ably allow a mage to perform Effects far outside the
reach of her understanding.

Lesser talisman creation is similar to other forms of
talisman enchantment, but somewhat simpler. The mage
need only build an object that resonates with the rote's
principle characteristics, according to the mage's Tradi-

102 The Spirit Ways

ee ee

tional beliefs. A small forked rod may become a dowsing
talisman, or a holy symbol could become a focus for Prime
energy. The object's natural resonance as a focus increases,
making it even better for its form of magic.

In general, lesser talismans take at least a week to
create. Part of this week is spent in ritual purification or
similar magical activities, depending on the exact na-
ture of the mage's Tradition. Once the object is
completed, the mage must then awaken it with a Spirit
3 effect. The awakened spirit of the item functions
according to its nature, assisting in magic where the
item is used appropriately.

A mage cannot create a lesser talisman for an Effect
that she cannot produce herself. To obtain such an item,
the mage must have it made for her — though the point is
generally moot, since lesser talismans rarely allow a mage to
actually perform an effect outside her reach. Lesser talis-
mans can be bought during character creation just like
fetishes or greater talismans, but they only cost one Back-
ground point per dot.

eee Healing Tube

Shamans often act as healers. Many shamans heal by
touching short, narrow metal or bone tubes to their patient's
bodies and sucking out the illness. This magical device
enables shamans fairly inexperienced with the mysteries of
Life to heal others.

[When used on a patient, this device allows shamans
with Life 2 to heal any living thing the tube is touching.
Each success heals two health levels of damage. Sucking
out the illness or injury is part of a fairly elaborate ritual
which takes a minimum of 15 minutes to perform, so this
device cannot be used during combat or in other rushed
and active situations.]

e@eee Animal Masks

One common shamanic power is the ability to
assume the form of an animal. Fetishes for transforming
into animals are almost always masks or costumes made
in the form of the desired animal. To use these items,
the shaman must actually wear the mask. Other variet-
ies of animal mask used by shamans allow the wearer to
use the Ride Animal (Mind 3) or Possess Animal
(Mind 4) rotes. See the section on Rotes (pp. 87-93) for
further details.

Masks

Masks are.one of the more.common shamanic
talismans. While wearing a mask, ashaman can take on
another identity, change his shape or even perceive
things that are normally imperceptible. Shamans, es-
pecially Dreamspeakers, make masks that are talismans,
lesser talismans or fetishes. The listings here are small
samplings of the vast diversity of the multitudes of
masks that they-use.


eeee Traveling Drum

Shamans often use drums to induce the trances neces-
sary to enter the spirit world.

This powerful lesser talisman was designed to aid
entering the spirit world. One version gives a bonus to all
attempts to either step sideways or rend the Gauntlet, as
well as granting the mage an additional level in func-
tional Spirit magic to attempt these feats. Another
version of this item gives a bonus on all rolls to Untether
using either Mind 4 or Mind 5, and a bonus of one dot in
Mind to assist these journeys. To use either form of this
item, the Dreamspeaker must play certain specific rhythms
on the drum quite loudly, often for up to an hour or more.
At the end of this time the desired effect occurs (assum-
ing that the roll succeeds, of course). Among many
shamanic cultures, the shaman's drum is the true symbol
of her power.

Dreamspeakers usually receive their drums from their
teachers. Creation of a traveling drum requires both
Spirit 3 and Prime 3 — no mean feat, which explains
their relative scarcity. Most drums of this type are wide,
flat and small enough to fit in one hand. However, any
sort of drum may be fashioned into a traveling drum. A
few techno-shamans have made traveling drums out of
ordinary rock music drums or even from small hand-held
electronic drum units.

Merits andFlaws

By their very natures, shamans are frequently oddballs
and outcasts. Thus, most shamans have one or more
Merits or Flaws. Merits like Medium, Past Life, Spirit Sight,
Spirit Magnet, and Spirit Mentor are quite common. Also,
physical deformities and mental illness are extremely
prevalent among shamans. In many cultures shamans seek
their apprentices among the physically unusual and the
insane. A large number of shamans possess Flaws like
Obsession, Absent Minded, Blind, Deaf, Transvestite, Bard's
Tongue, Disfigured, Deformity, Lame or One Arm. How-
ever, none of these Merits or Flaws are required. In some
cultures, strong, attractive and even heroically propor-
tioned shamans are the norm.

Like all mages, actual Dreamspeakers are relatively
rare, and the vast majority of practicing shamans are not
Awakened mages. Instead, many shamans are mediums,
hedge wizards or ordinary Sleepers with Merits like Lesser
Shaman, Medium or Spirit Sight.

Bonus From Props (1-3 point Merit)

You receive a +1 bonus to all of you magic rolls when
using props. Many shamans who possess this Merit also
have the Dependence on Props Flaw.

Communicate with Animals (2 pt Merit)

Through your deep and profound understanding of the
spirits within all life, you can communicate with any

normal animal. This communication is not as detailed or
exact as ordinary speech, nor does it necessary involve you
actually speaking. Instead, the animal you are communicat-
ing with understands you through acombination of posture,
facial expressions, smell and speech, while you can under-
stand it on an equally primal level.

Even if the animal noticed such things, you cannot
use this ability to ask an animal the license plate number
of a car, or the cut of someone's suit. However, most
mammals and birds can tell you basic information like
how many people passed by, as well as possibly odd details
like what these people had eaten tecently or if they
smelled afraid. To determine the actual degree of commu-
nication, roll Charisma + Intuition. Finding out extremely
simple information has a difficulty of 4 or 5. However,
anything more complex than vague information about
recent events, or questions about the animal's own activi-
ties, will have a higher difficulty.

Since so few people bother to really attempt to com-
municate with animals, even wild animals that are not
normally interested in humans will usually wish to re-
spond to a mage with this ability. This Merit is largely
limited to Dreamspeakers and Verbena, although a few
Akashics also know it. (See also the Beast Speech Ability
in The Sorcerers Crusade Companion. By the modern
age, of course, speaking with animals is so unusual as to
require this Merit or some sort of magic.)

Dual Perception (2 point Merit)

Using you status as an intermediary between the spirit
world and the mortal world, you can easily switch your
awareness back and forth between these two realms. When
using any spirit magic that involves perceiving the spirit
world, you can cease using this ability and observe the
mortal world at any time. Then, if the duration of the
duration of the magic is not yet up, you can continue using
it without additional rolls. Also, when you are in the
Umbra, you can choose to observe the mortal world instead
of the spirit world'without needing to make additional rolls.
Since this ability is innate, you suffer no disorientation or
other penalty associated with switching your perceptions.

Transvestites and contraries often possess Dual Percep-
tion due to their own dual natures. If you take this Merit in
addition to the Medium or Spirit Sight Merit, you can
effectively turn the appropriate Merit on or off at will.

Mastery of Fire (2 point Merit)

Having control over fire and flame is one of the
powers traditionally associated with shamans. Many cul-
tures consider fire to be a natural force with a strong
connection to the spirit world. As a shaman, you have a
closer connection to the powers of fire than most. You
are considerably more resistant to damage from fire than
most people, and you receive three extra dice to all
Stamina rolls to resist damage caused by fire. You can
soak fire damage normally. In addition, you also receive

———— 103

HN OK

a

NG Ail

N

a one-point bonus on all magic rolls to create, destroy or
manipulate fire.

Shamanic Authority (2-4 pt Merit)

You are recognized as a true shaman by a select group
of people. This Merit carries both significant mundane
influence and substantial responsibility. These people
(who can be anything from a small, isolated band or tribe,
toa local ethnic community in a large American city) aid
you in any reasonable fashion that they can. Among other
advantages, these people will support you with cash, goods
or services. The larger and less isolated the community,
the greater the cost of the Merit. Being the shaman for an
isolated tribe of 60 people would be worth only two points,
whereas being a recognized shaman for an ethnic commu-
nity of several thousand people living in a major city is
worth four points. Your people will aid arid support you in
a style appropriate to their own resources. If you are living
among a small community, you may have a one-room
home and regular (if bland) food, plus a. marginal income
of trinkets and gifts. Your flock will also attempt to protect
you and aid you.

However, in return for protection and sustenance, you
are expected to act as the spiritual guide and intermediary
of your community. You will be expected to heal the sick,
contact spirits of the departed, bless the community's mem-
bers and allies and possibly to curse their enemies. Failure
to meet these obligations will result in losing all benefits

104 — The Spirit Ways

from this Merit (at best), and it may even cause the people
to turn against you and attempt to find another shaman to
cast a curse on you.

Most Dreamspeakers with this Merit live full-time in
their community. Those who do not usually have assis-
tants or allies, such as lesser shamans, who help manage
the spiritual affairs of the community while the
Dreamspeaker is absent. In the vast majority of cases,
shamans with this Merit were born and raised in the
community to which they minister.

Gift of Tongues (3 point Merit)

All spirits that can communicate with mortals natu-
rally possess the ability to communicate in any language.
Like these spirits, you also have the natural ability to
transcend language. When speaking with any sentient
being (from Earth), you can understand its language as if it
were your own.

Due to the limits of the human mind, you can only
understand and speak one language at a time. If two people
who speak different languages are talking to you at once you
can only understand one of them. Using a coincidental
Mind 1 Effect can allow you to understand multiple lan-
guages at once. Magically augmenting this gift to allow
speech in multiple different tongues simultaneously is, of
course, vulgar.

The Gift of Tongues Merit works only for conversation
held in person, where you and the person you are speaking


to can actually hear each other's unaltered voices. You
cannot use this ability to read another language or to
communicate by telephone, microphone or any other elec-
tronic or mechanical medium.

Spirit Sight (4 point Merit)

You can see and hear all varieties of spirits, change-
lings, wraiths and similar entities. This Merit provides
all of the advantages granted by the Merit Medium (The
Book of Shadows, page 36). Like the Medium Merit,
Spirit Sight reduces the difficulties of all Spirit magic by
two. Nevertheless, this ability is a mixed blessing. Seeing
these beings is not a choice; it is a normal part of your
vision. You cannot help but see them. Being yelled at by
an irate wraith who is shaking her fist in your face can be
extremely distracting if you are attempting to hold a
conversation with a Sleeper, and it's even worse if you
are driving a car in bad weather!

Many shamans have this Merit, and shamans often
look for people with Spirit Sight as potential students.
Unfortunately, most Sleepers with this Merit conceal it
poorly and instead end up in asylums.

Shamanic Traditionalist (4 or 6 point Merit)

Though you are a member of one of the Traditions,
you had a shamanic Awakening, a calling through the
spirits that took you to death's door and thence to realiza-
tion of the single world. Perhaps a silicon spirit infected
you before you joined the Virtual Adepts, or maybe you
fell ill under the eye of a spirit of knowledge and then came
through the fire to join the Order of Hermes. Whatever
the case, you have some shamanic understanding com-
bined with your Tradition ties.

With the four-point version of this Merit, you can take
the Totem Background. You likely have a totem spirit —
not necessarily an animal, if you're a modern shaman — and
you can speak with it just like a Dreamspeaker. You may
choose to make Spirit your specialty Sphere in lieu of your
Tradition's normal specialty.

With the six-point version of Shamanic Traditionalist,
you may have a totem, and you get Spirit as a specialty in
addition to your normal Tradition Sphere! You don't start
with an extra dot of Spirit (though you should certainly put
one of your starting dots there), but it's easier for you to
improve with experience points.

Obviously, the Shamanic Traditionalist Merit is point-
less for Dreamspeakers, who get all of its advantages
already. Similarly, it's too far afield mystically to be
appropriate for Technocrats.

Lesser Shaman (6 point Merit)

Only Sleepers can take this Merit. Lesser shamans
make up the majority of shamans found in the world
today. While they have considerable power, they are
considerably less able than even the weakest
Dreamspeaker. Still, the power to speak with the spirits

is formidable, even if the will behind it is not Awakened.
Imbued with a sort of calling by the spirits, a shaman of
this sort still has many spiritual powers, though he
ultimately must gain such from the spirits, not from an
internal wellspring of enlightenment. ;

Lesser shamans all possess the Merit Spirit Sight at no
additional cost. In addition, they can summon and banish
spirits, raise or lower the Gauntlet (up to two points, but
never below two or above 10) over asmall area, and awaken
the spirits inherent in objects or places.

Performing any magical actions requires long and elabo-
rate rituals for a lesser shaman. Without the force of
Awakened will, the shaman must rely on careful rituals and
the good will of the spirits. Such rituals generally last
between two and three hours. At the end of a ritual, the
lesser shaman's player makes a roll using Charisma + Rituals
(with a difficulty of no less than 6) and spends a point of
Willpower. Once summoned or awakened, spirits may do as
they will, but temporary actions like raising or lowering the
Gauntlet only last until the next sunrise or sunset.

A number of Dreamspeakers who are connected toa
tribe, band or other community have one or more lesser
shamans who watch over the community while they are
away. Any Sleeper who possesses the Spirit Sight Merit
can be trained to be a lesser shaman. However, this
training process often takes years. Still, the benefits of
having shamanic acolytes often outweigh the invest-
ment costs in time and effort, especially because a few
rare students may actually Awaken. Dreamspeakers gen-
erally know how to train apprentices (though how well
the shaman teaches is a function of the Instruction
Ability), and Verbena have been known to train Sleep-
ets in this fashion as well.

Spirit-Trained (1-2 pt Flaw)

Spirit-trained mages have had no mortal teachers.
Instead, one or more spirits select them as an appropri-
ate candidate for Awakening. Sometimes spirits select
mages to act as-their agents in the mundane world,
however, spirits Awaken a few mages for no readily
discernable reason.

Awakening without mortal aid is much more diffi-
cult. The only aid and advice you received was from the
voices in your head, voices which you may have at first
believed were signs of growing insanity. Even more prob-
lematic is the fact that the primary information you
possess about other mages (and the supernatural in gen-
eral} comes from spirits. While some spirits are quite
well-intentioned and helpful, all Umbrood are fundamen-
tally inhuman and their perspective on people and events
is not a human one. Anyone trained by a spirit is likely to
have some rather unusual ideas about the supernatural.
Because of your unusual training, you receive a free dot in
either Cosmology or Enigmas, but you cannot begin play
with more than two dots in any Lore. Also, you must take

Appendix 105

a

HN OK

<
Z


NG Ail

"a

the Totem or Familiar Background instead of the Mentor
Background (if you have a Mentor, it's a spirit). Spirit-
trained mages in the First World often also have the
Mental Patient Flaw, and they are usually very poorly
connected to other mages. A lack of traditional training
makes it hard to relate, after all.

Being a Spirit-Trained mage with significant misin-
formation is a two-point Flaw. Shamans who are trained
by spirits with a strong ulterior motive often have very
unusually and significantly incorrect views about other
mages and the supernatural. Dreamspeakers believe that
spirits Awaken such mages to serve as tools for a specific
purpose. In one instance, a mage was Awakened and told
that a certain Node was becoming so unstable that it
would unleash a vast magical catastrophe unless it was
destroyed. The mage used her magic to attempt to de-
stroy it, and he was badly injured by the Garou who
protected the Node. It turned out that the Node was
perfectly normal, but it happened to be the dwelling of a
powerful spirit inimical to the mage's patron.

Spiritual Duty (1-4 point Flaw)

You owe allegiance to a powerful spirit. This Flaw is
often possessed by Dreamspeakers who also have the
Spirit-Trained Flaw, though any mage who has dealt with
spirits extensively may take it. While you are not always
at this spirit's beck and call, it asks you for favors or
assistance frequently. This relationship may be one of
mutual aid, in which case you can take the spirit as one of
your allies. However, your connection to the spirit could
be one-way or even unwilling. Perhaps you swore alle-
giance to it in return for it saving your life when you were
lost in the Umbra. Alternatively, maybe you attempted to
bargain with it for some service, and it tricked you into
swearing eternal servitude.

Spirits who are willing to trick mortals into serving
them often do not have the most pleasant motives for
doing so. Such spirits also rarely care if the servants
survive the tasks asked of them. Add one point to this Flaw
(to a maximum of four points) if your service to the spirit
is a result of trickery or coercion. The rest of the value of
this Flaw depends on the exact frequency and nature of
the services it requires of you.

Minor services of an infrequent and usually non-dan-
gerous nature are worth only one point. More frequent,
dangerous, expensive or elaborate services are worth addi-
tional points. Remember that unlike mortals, spirits have
odd and sometime inexplicable desires. Sometimes a spirit
will request relatively ordinary forms of aid, such as protect-
ing a family or a location. However, these services could
easily include regular offerings, which could involve any-
thing from flowers to cash to animal sacrifice.

A mage who takes this Flaw will have a long-term
relationship with this spirit, so the Storyteller should en-
deavor to give the spirit a deep personality, including

106 The Spirit Ways

ee ee

complex wants and needs. Of course, most spirits are, by
their nature, fairly straightforward — but a spirit may have
reasons to achieve its goals through intermediaries or in
ways that a human wouldn't approach the same goal.

Transvestite (2 point Flaw)

Since roles and perceptions have power, shamans often
break those stereotypes to gain special insight. Gender roles
are only one of the more obvious stereotypes to break....

You are a transvestite. Your chosen mode of dress and
behavior is that of your opposite gender. Transvestite men
dress and act as their own culture's idea of women, and vice
versa. In many traditional cultures, including a number of
highly patriarchal Asian cultures, transvestites have a spe-
cific social role (often as performers or holy people). While
most people in these cultures regard transvestites as odd,
they are also respected. Unfortunately, in Western Europe
and North America, transvestites are often regarded as
deviants, oddities and freaks.

Transvestites, known among traditional cultures by
many local names like Berdache, are seen by many as
intermediaries between men and women, just as shamans
act as intermediaries between humans and spirits. This
intermediate position makes transvestites natural candi-
dates for becoming shamans. Some Central Asian shamans
will take only transvestites as students!

While many transvestites are happy with their inter-
mediate role, some actually wish to physically assume the
other gender. Today shamans can achieve this desire through
either powerful Life Effects or medical solutions like hor-
mones and surgery. However, so drastic a step not anecessary
part of this role. A transvestite's functions as a shaman or
magician are more important as a matter of changing
perceptions than as a function of physical characteristics.

Shamanic transvestites, who are heavily indoctri-
nated into their roles (sometimes with powerful spiritual
taboos), have great difficulty pretending to be "normal"
members of their physical gender. Transvestites who at-
tempt to dress and act like ordinary members of their
physical gender increase the difficulty of all Social rolls by
two. Transvestites who wish to avoid both the difficulty of
acting "normal" and the problems most sexual minorities
experience in Western Culture usually attempt to dress
and act so that they pass as members of their chosen
gender. Doing so typically involves a Charisma + Expres-
sion (Crossdressing) roll (difficulty 7) to pull off a
reasonable guise, and it is resisted by onlookers with their
Perception + Alertness or Empathy.

Mental Patient (2 or 5 point Flaw)

Sometime before or during your Awakening, you ran
afoul of the mental health authorities. Seeing and talking to .
beings that no one else can perceive, and hearing voices
that may tell you frightening and disturbing things, is far
outside the paradigm of most First- World Sleepers. Anyone
who does such things must be crazy!


FT

Because you seemed delusional and incoherent, you
were locked up as a possible danger to yourself or others.
Since schizophrenia is the most common diagnosis for such
problems, you may even have been on powerful anti-
psychotic drugsfora time. Worse still, because of Progenitor
influence in the mental health community, some of these
drugs can even hinder a mage's magical abilities.

If you managed to convince the officials that you are no
longer a danger to yourself or others and you were released,
this Flaw is worth only two points. However, if you actually
escaped from a mental institution and are on the run from
the authorities, then the Flaw is worth five points.

Even if you were legally released from care, the mod-
ern mental health system does not consider an illness like
schizophrenia curable. Anyone who has ever been institu-
tionalized against his will has this fact noted in his records.
Prospective employers, landlords and similar personnel
usually look askance at anyone who was "crazy." Also,
some minor Technocracy functionaries keep track of
mental patients who look like they might develop magical
power. The Technocracy often considers such mages to be
potential Marauders.

The discrimination and problems for "mental cases"
are much worse if you were not released. Escaped men-
tal patients are regarded in much the same light as
escaped convicts. Most people see them as little better
than dangerous animals. Everyone, from the police to
the general public, will consider you to be a potential
killer, even if you have no history of violence. In this
age of nation-wide databases, any background-check
using your name, social security number or fingerprints
will reveal your status.

Dependence On Props (2-6 point Flaw)

While all mages must use foci to work their magic,
shamanism often focuses on highly ritualistic traditions.
Therefore, some shamans have additional requirements on
top of their foci. Unlike foci that vary from Sphere to
Sphere, props must be used for all Spheres.

Regardless of the specific type of prop, you can work
magic only while using your chosen prop. Props like
crossdressing and being able to work magic only while
standing above (or below) ground level, are only two-point
Flaws. More extensive props — like being able to work
magic only while under the influence of a mild drug (which
would subtract one die from all Dexterity and Perception
rolls) or only when wearing a special costume — are three-
point Flaws. Being able to work magic only while sitting on
a specially made stool, or while riding an intricately carved
hobbyhorse, are six-point Flaws. All costumes and other
physical props must be made according to special ritual
requirements. These items are elaborately decorated, often
with shell, copper, iron, feathers and bells. None of these
garments or items can pass as ordinary First-World gar-
ments, furniture or toys.

Distinctive Shamanic Appearance (3 point Flaw)

Either through magical prohibitions or personal
choice, you appear very unusual. Some mages with this
Flaw intentionally crossdress in a manner that makes it
impossible to pass as a member of the other gender (such
as a bearded man wearing a dress). Others continually
wear traditional shamanic costumes covered with fringe,
shells and metal ornaments. This Flaw also covers
Techno-shamans with spiked mohawks and multiple
piercings, or people covered with large obvious tattoos,
especially on their face or hands.

While the exact nature of your Distinctive Shamanic
Appearance is highly variable, the results are all similar.
Most middle-class citizens of the First World will regard
you as a freak and an outcast. Except for a few profes-
sions, you will have difficulty finding any but the most
menial work. People will stare at you, and police and
security guards are much more likely to harass you. In
most cases, you will experience a difficulty penalty of two
to all Social rolls relating to normal interactions with
mainstream society.

In some cases, members of eccentric subcultures dress
and act in a similar fashion. Such people are generally
quite favorably inclined to you. However, all members of
these subcultures experience the same social problems
that you do.

There are also artistic and bohemian subcultures where
you can be accepted, but even they are likely to regard you
as somewhat odd. Essentially, if you take this Flaw, normal
social interactions will become more difficult, and you will
be extremely noticeable.

Spiritually Noticeable (3 pt Flaw)

Only mages who possess either the Medium or Spirit
Sight Merit can take this Flaw. Spirits automatically notice
that mages with this Flaw can always perceive them. Unlike
the Spirit Magnet Merit or Flaw, Spiritually Noticeable mages
are known to be able to interact easily with spirits. While
most spirits will ignore you, wraiths who need aid in the
mortal world, nature spirits who are upset with environ-
mental destruction and odd spirits who merely want to talk
toa human will flock to you. These spirits may be annoyed,
or they may be honestly friendly, but they all want some-
thing from you.

While having spirits frequently hitting you up for
favors can be annoying, having them do so when you are
involved in some potentially hazardous activity can be
extremely dangerous. Many mages with this Flaw either
ward their dwellings against spiritual intrusions or make
deals with one or more spirits to act as guardians.

Trance Requirement (3 pt Flaw)

In order to use one of your Spheres of magic, you must
enter a deep and moderately long trance. The trance must
last a minimum of 15 minutes. You cannot use the chosen

Appendix 107

NOK

ZZ

4


The Spirit Ways

S ae ee

Sphere in any way, including conjunctional magic, with-
out entering a trance. You can enter the trance though
dancing, drumming, taking euphoric drugs or deep medi-
tation. However, while in the trance, you are completely
unaware of the outside world. If someone shakes you and
attempts to get your attention, you must succeed in a
Perception + Awareness roll with a difficulty of 8 to notice
the interruption.

Even if you overcome the need for foci with your trance
Sphere, the need to enter a trace remains. Fortunately, to
most Sleepers, someone in a trance induced by mediation or
self-hypnosis merely appears to be napping. Similarly, go-
ing into trance through dancing can be easily done at any
party or nightclub. While dancing, you will usually avoid
bumping into others, but you will still be completely oblivi-
ous to the outside world.

Contrary (5 pt Flaw)

You are one of the oddest and most enigmatic types
of shaman, a contrary. Contraries attempt to live their
lives in ways diametrically opposed to the ordinary fash-
ion. Most say exactly the opposite of what they mean and
attempt to live in reverse by sitting the wrong way in
chairs, traveling only in the hottest part of the day,
eating at unusual times, attempting to pass outrageous
lies for the truth or speaking only in riddles. Many also
dress as the other gender (though players gain no addi-
tional points for doing so).

Contraries are sacred clowns and fools whose existence
helps to show that reality is not as solid and immutable as
most Sleepers believe. Not all contraries are magicians —
they are social outlets, showing the reverses of "normal"
behavior. However, their dedication to change and oppo-
sition to static behavior certainly bolsters the Awakened
insights of contrary mages. Asa result, they gain an unusual
level of magical power. When a contrary acts appropriately,
reduce the difficulty of all magic rolls by one. Also, given
how oddly they normally act, using their foci to perform
magic often seems entirely in character. A contrary may
even take contrary behavior as a focus for a particular
Sphere — often Mind or Spirit.

Because contraries' magic is highly tied to their un-'
usual behavior, they must be careful to always uphold their
diametric actions. If a contrary ever ceases to act in an
appropriate manner, increase the difficulty of all magic rolls
by two. This penalty continues until the contrary resumes
diametric behavior for a full scene.

In modern Western culture, many people assume that
a contrary is either insane or exceedingly annoying and
confusing. Some contraries work as entertainers of various
sorts, but holding ordinary jobs is usually impossible. The
Technocracy is especially wary of contrary mages, assuming
they are all potential Marauders. However, most contraries
have no actual magical power, so contraries are usually just
watched, not actively harassed.


Playing a contrary is not something to be undertaken
lightly. Always saying the opposite of what you mean, only
answering direct questions with another question or spout-
ing long nonsense rhymes is difficult to play, and it may well
annoy the Storyteller and the other players. It is best if you
talk to your Storyteller about playing such a character, and
that you are certain you can do it correctly.

New Background: Totem

One extremely common ability among shamans of all
sorts is having a close tie to some totemic spirit. Many
shamans, including both Dreamspeakers and lesser sha-
mans, have totems. On the shamans side, the totem offers
advice, wisdom and assistance. On the spirit's side, the
shaman acts asa living intermediary for the totem, and he
gifts the totem with power through adherence to the
totem's beliefs and patterns.

No shaman can have more than one totem spirit.
While it is possible for a shaman to acquire a totem
later in life, most shamans acquire their totem spirits
either during their Awakening, or shortly afterwards,
while their Mentors are training them. Since the
totem relationship is intensely personal, the totem of
a student may be entirely different from that of his
master. Rarely, a Dreamspeaker is Awakened without
the assistance of a mortal mentor and is entirely
trained by a totem spirit that contacts her in a vision.
Such an individual should take both the Totem Back-
ground and the Spirit-Trained Flaw.

Like the Talisman Background, every level bought in
Totem costs two Background or freebie points.

Dreamspeakers can take any of the totem spirits nor-
mally taken by Garou or any of the other changing Breeds,
as well as having some of their own. (See Werewolf: The
Apocalypse, The Werewolf Players Guide and Axis Mundi
for further information about Garou totems.) Verbena
sometimes (though rarely) take a totem, and a few odd
Virtual Adepts are known to consort with more modern
spirits. Most other mages consider totems nothing more
than abstractions, and, in any case, only Dreamspeakers
usually have the spiritual fortitude to make favorable deals
with a potential totem.

An alliance with a totem spirit is somewhat differ-
ent for mages than for Garou and the other changing
breeds. All Garou who are members of the same pack
share the same totem. However, the essence of being a
shaman is being a solitary traveler into the Umbra.
Therefore, Dreamspeakers and other shamans have
personal totems.

Acquiring a totem is a complex and difficult pro-
cess, during which the mage enters or otherwise contacts
the Umbra and searches for a powerful spirit to be her
patron. The shaman must convince the spirit of his

favorable intentions and offer up something so that the
spirit will listen to his petition. The spirit may choose
to listen to the shaman, or it may dismiss him. The
shaman then has the choice of renewing the petition
later with a new gift or seeking out a different spirit.
Once the spirit listens to the shaman's petition, it
usually requires a special service to cement the shaman's
allegiance. Finally, a binding oath is sworn, and the
shaman promises to uphold the spirit's ways while the
spirit, in return, gifts the shaman with some of its
powers. This is no simple exchange. Rather, the process

NK

N

MD

p
Z

is a melding of the two, as the shaman literally takes on
some of the spirit's aspect.

In addition to the bans and taboos placed on others
who ally with a totem, totem spirits sometimes ask
Dreamspeakers for aid and assistance with various en-
deavors. If this aid is infrequent, or asked only in return for
specific services performed by the totem, then the player
gains no points for it. However, a more frequent require-
ment for service does allow the Dreamspeaker to acquire
the Spiritual Duty Flaw.

In addition to specific abilities granted by each indi-
vidual totem, the points spent in the Totem Background
"purchase" specific abilities for the mage's totem. It is
important to remember that each individual totem spirit
is only a partial aspect of the overall spiritual archetype.
Any number of mages can share the same totem, but each
spirit is a completely. separate spiritual manifestation of
the same archetype. In practice, this statement means that
two Dreamspeakers could each have the same totem, and
the totem could have completely different powers for
each. The only constants lie in the spirit's basic personal-
ity and motives, as well as the type of aid and innate
abilities they provide.

All Shamanic totems start out with 10 points to
divide between Willpower, Rage and Gnosis, and 10

points of Power. Also, all Shamanic totems receive the
Charms: Airt Sense and Reform, as well as the ability to
speak with the shaman. Select the additional character-
istics of the mage's totem from the Totem Background
Chart. The cost listed refers to the freebie-point cost of
the Power. Since one dot of Totem costs two freebie
points, spending four points would give the Dreamspeaker
a two-point totem.

Cost

oe

Power

Per 6additional points in Willpower, Rage, orGnosis
Per 10 additional points of Power

Totem can almost always rapidly find the Shaman
Totem is respected by other Umbrood

Per Charm possessed (except Materialize)

Per Innate Abilities the totem grants tothe Shaman
Totem can Materialize

Appendix — 109

RX

NG? All

"A

Totems can possess any of the Charms listed in
Werewolf: The Apocalypse or one of its supplements, or in
mage: The Ascension or The Book of Mirrors.

The totem's Innate Abilities are listed with the to-
tem. When converting totems from Werewolf: The
Apocalypse, disregard the listed Background Cost and
total up the number of Innate Abilities or boosted At-
tributes granted by the totem and add them into the cost
of the totem. There are also several totem spirits that are
usually unique to shamans.

Horse (2 Innate Abilities)

Horse is the trusty and fierce steed that carries the
shaman into the Umbra and throughout its vast expanses.
Unlike mortal horses, the Shamanic Horse has eight legs.
In addition to being a tireless traveler, Horse is a fierce
warrior and attempts to defend its allies from harm. Horse
grants some portion of its powers to its allies. Anyone with
Horse as a totem receives an additional dot of Intimida-
tion, and is able to run as fast as a galloping horse over any
terrain in the Umbra.

Horse is especially common among Dreamspeakers
trained in Siberia and Central Asia, but it is quite
widely known.

Ban: Horse is fierce and independent and expects its
allies to behave ina similar fashion. Shamans with Horse as
their totem may never act in a cowardly fashion and may
never abandon their comrades or allies in battle. Also,
while shamans with this totem may sacrifice or otherwise
kill horses if necessary, abusing a horse or treating one
without respect earns the wrath of this totem.

Bird Mother (3 Innate Abilities)

The Bird Mother is an enormous bird with long,
hooked claws, iron feathers and a razor-sharp curving
iron beak. The Bird Mother takes the spirits of the
departed to the land of the dead. As part of her Awak-
ening, the Bird Mother also takes her Dreamspeaker
allies to the land of the dead and hangs their souls on a
tree, where they are devoured by spirits and then care-
fully reassembled by the Bird Mother. During the
terrifying and lengthy ordeal the shaman's body lies in
acoma, while the shaman's spirit learns the mysteries of
life and death.

The Bird Mother is grim and unforgiving as befits a
spirit strongly associated with death and the dead, but she
is also compassionate and will reward selfless acts which
result in lives being saved or deaths being made more
dignified. Shamans with this totem are expected to act as
intermediaries between the land of the living and the land
of the dead. As such, many of them have spent a consid-

110 The Spirit Ways

erable amount of time in the Shadowlands. Shamans with
this totem gain a -1 difficulty modifier to all rolls to either
heal the living or to summon, contact, or visit the spirits
of the dead. All Shamans with this totem receive two dots
in Wraith Lore. In addition, the mark of Bird Mother
shows the shaman as a friend to ghosts and the dead. The
shaman's player gains three extra dice in all Social deal-
ings with wraiths.

Ban: Shamans with this totem must heal any sick or
injured people who come to them for aid, comfort any dying
people they encounter and aid wraiths visiting the Skinlands,
if the ghost's purposes are moral and good.

Shaman (4 Innate Abilities)

This is one of the rarest and most powerful totems
available to Dreamspeakers. Many shamans assume that
this Incarna is the spirit of an ancient and powerful shaman.
This shaman may be a revered tribal ancestor, or even a
figure from legend like the Finnish shaman, Vainamoinen.
Regardless of this being's identity, ics Dreamspeaker ally
gains the equivalent of a two-point Mentor (additional
points spent on this totem can be used to raise this Mentor
rating). Also, mages who have Shaman as their patron
receive an extra dot in both Cosmology and Enigmas due to
the vast wisdom it imparts.

Shaman is a very demanding totem, frequently
asking services of the Shaman, but offering much wis-
dom and many secrets in return. Dreamspeakers who
take the Shaman totem must also take the Spiritual Duty
Flaw. The value in this Flaw must be at least one less
than the spirit's granted Mentor level — possibly more.
Depending on the exact personality of the shaman, this
totem can be everything from a wise old master who
asks much but provides commensurate rewards to an
eccentric contrary who answers questions with riddles
and requests that its ally perform seemingly meaning-
less tasks. However, in all cases, the more this totem
gives, the more it asks of its Dreamspeaker ally. While
no one knows for sure, some Dreamspeakers claim that
many Dreamspeaker Oracles of Spirit ultimately be-
come a part of this totem. .

Ban: Allies of the Shaman totem must always aid
other Dreamspeakers in need. Also, Shaman protects the
world from evil and deranged mages of all types. Allies of
Shaman must always oppose any Nephandi or Marauders
that they encounter. Shamans whose spirits have per-
sisted long enough to become a part of this totem do so
because of their unwavering dedication to their Shamanic
duties. They expect their mortal allies to show a similar
level of dedication.

a


GLEN FABRY


Feel What It Is
To Be Immortal.

i

AM PIR

THE [JASQUERADE

GEDECDPTION

"Best of E" "BPE of £3" "BPC of Shon"

~ Adrenaline Vault, Game Spy, ~ IGN.com, All Games Network,

~ E3.net

Gameprix.com Voodoo Extreme

Live as.a vampire, feeding on human prey while Build your own thrilfing adventure with Survive @ stunhing 3-0 world over 300 years
struggiing, to maintain your humanity. aunique storytelling system. from medieval Prague'to modern New York.

Coming this Winter

www es tivision,com

A I 1V ISION Whi a e registived Wadertarks and Vanipie: The Masquarade-—-Redempion is 8 trademark of White Wolf Publi
‘ od ‘i E blished and distibilted by ACsion: Attivision fs a registered trademark af Activision, Inc AU rights resend

Fait » te sof uare # g teed respective owners,


Anzan, dan ji! Wey~wey,oh oh!

The secrets of the spirit world reflect every corner of reality.
Show respect to the spirits, and they answer your dances and
songs. Bring reverence to the spirits, and you may walk in their
world. No man's flawed magic compares to the spirits, archetypes
of all creation. Let the barriers between flesh and spirit fall away,
and answer the call of the world made whole.

When the Shaman Calls,
the Spirits Answer
For shamans and spiritualists of all Traditions, the
compromises, bargains and rituals of magic are
rooted in ties between human and nature. Shamans
from all cultures call upon spirits across the world
to empower them and grant wisdom. See what
awaits in the Mirror World with new Abilities,
Merits and Flaws for shamanic characters, an
in-depth look at shamanistic cultures across
the world, and a host of spirits and their

realms, plus, fetishes, rotes and spiritual
investments for the truly devoted seekers.

1
043

N

il
