# File: The Ashen Thief.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------



Authors: Geoffrey C. Grabowski (Prelude, Flames of
the Furores) and Sarah Roark (In Darkened Streets,
Wearing the Wolf's Head, Appendix).

Developer: Philippe R. Boule

Additional Development: Richard E. Dansky

Editor: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout & Typesetting: Pauline Benney

Interior Art: Mich Byrd, David Leri, and Brad Rigney
Front Cover Art: William O'Connor

Front & Back Cover Design: Pauline Benney

©2000 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Repro-
785 PARK NORTH BLYD. ction without the written permission ofthe publisher is expressly
E SUITE N28 forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank charac-
R ter sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
ClanxsTOn, CA 3002 Ascension, World of Darkness and Aberrant are registered trade-
USA marks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf
the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
PUBLISHING Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcer-
ers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Trinity, The Ashen Thief, Cainite Heresy, Jerusalem by Night and Wolves
of the Sea are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Alll characters, names, places and

text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark

or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements
are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Fora free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

hetp://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp storyteller

PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.


CONTENTS
PRELUDE: Al RAT IN THE KITCHEN

INTRODUCTION: BENEATH THE NOTICE OF KINGS

CHAPTER ONE: IN DARKENED STREETS

CHAPTER

CHAPTER

‘wo: WEARING THE WoLrF's HEAD

"HREE: FLAMES OF THE FURORES

Appenprx: MAVERICKS AND CuTPURSES



3 think, as J sink my davesinto the vocoden
support bear, that 3 arm out of my cdernent

Jama ereatuce of the city -— 2 like horse Sit Pf

and easy necks, facecns and hangings. )
This is one of those moments vohen J am VW
most geateh wl that 32 ama creature of Sead
flesh Why body dees not shiver in the vointer
night. The moon is hidden in the overcast
night yet in the faint fight veflectisig off the
srIove-covered pines, my eyes see coery grain
of the vooed with dim buf pectect cavity.
HF wore alive, and climbing band over
hand along this endless eave, my aris and
shoulders vooud have gone hild-vocak: voith
fatigue J wood have been paralyzed by the
icorrtoothed wind. 3 voould have long ago
dSvopped screaming into the couctyard belove,
into the midst of those things the ovoner of
this insane chateau uses in the place of dogs.


If were mornal, the rorten spots would bother me
more. I have found three so far. The first one left me
hanging by one armand calmlyreaching iota morceolid
hold with che hand that had just pulled away a 10-inch
strip of oak with greasy ease. The next two were easier to
spoe-and by carerully testing my holds: belleve thae |
Mill be able to detect any further such weak spots.

Isinkmyclawsin. tes: Iplace weighton che hand. Soutdy
—nosolepor pings frotortemntesIsharemy weight
beeen hance and then release the cuher ip and ving that
hand forward, | eet. If| were @ mortal, would be praying
sincerely that did not miss another rotten spot and fall tomy
death below. Asa damned ching, lan only hope.

Another foot covered: T am nol counfing how many
times [have done this, lam not counting how many more
timesit will be requited toreach my goal, {willdo this thing
untill reach the window, and then {will do the next thing.
ThisisthewayTimusedoxandthisisthe way wlbedone

: i

Dinner is being a bore. Again. It's barely struggling,
evenafter the szlachta told me it was ready for another bout.
Theservantsare telling me things they think will please me.
I wish they weren't so difficult to train. Perhaps if | im-
planted dog organs of some sort, they would transmit some
of that species' inbred loyalty. Unfortunately, they would
probably become as distempered as all such lesser beasts do
in the presence of their true natural masters. [ wonder about
this sometimes. Caine was a farmer and a murderer, not a
hunter. Ifanything, one imagines that humans should fear
us, and animals show us trust, yet this is clearly not the case.

‘Academic speculation, and in any case the flesh of the new
Garden will be remade to whatever shapes we need and desire. I
know this, for the Dracon has informed me of it in his dream-
visitations. My schedule is clearforsome time, and am sure there
are dogs ofsomesortnearby I can secure formy research. [shall just
take one of the more worn sglachta — perhaps the one trying to
pour honey in my ears —and see if various levels of replacement
with canine parts engender the sort of behavior I desire.

I toss my dinner to the hounds. This is pathetic, and
there's little better to do. All the missives that need
attention are long digested and responded to. If I kee}
reading over thea, Ill jus stare second guessing mysel. 1
send some lackey — his identity is so defaced I doubt even
he remembers who he is — to fetch my love. Perhaps the
ecstasy of the Kiss will make thenighta Title lessagonizing.

+ +

Tam wore my legs so that they will function again.

The damned flesh freezes easily in the cold, and so | must
work blood into it so I can move my limbs again. This is
important to remember. If | were to forget and attempt to
move my feet, | would find they were quite stiff. Given that
I must climb into a window soon, this would be a terrible
revelation, but not one that would trouble me for long.
First, however, I must get the window open, and that'sno
easy task. I could always wrench or claw it open, even one-
handed, but the commotion would surely draw the attention
of the beasts below, to say nothing of the inhabitants of this
delightful pile of black stone. Likewise, the window opens
‘onto what is doubtless a staircase — if I stick something
through the shutters and flip the bar up, it is possible the

ASHEN THIEF

tapestry will catch it. Itisalso possible that the bar will goend-
over-enddowna longflightof steps, and that | will dieshortly
thereafter. Not the sort of wager I'm eager to make, particu-
larly because if I lose it, my mission goes unaccomplished.

I came prepared for this. It seemed much easier when |
mademy original plans, however. [reach tothe back of my belt
and draw outa thin, flat pry bar. First, | must gently work the
shutter loose from the nails that hold it to the hinges. Then, |
must gently tear it loose with a single hand, and work the bar
so that itis centered in the loose shutter's staple. Then I must
slide it into the window (which is thankfully quite deep), slip
quietly inside and then be off on my bloody little errand.

And, of course, | must do this while hanging one-
handed in this wire-edged winter wind. Ifl movesuddenly
of drop the'shuter, then that isthe end ofimesl ave
thanks for the strength and surety of the Blood, and curse
it, because I'll need to murder someone shortly after
getting inside. | must put a monster to its rest before the
night is through, a very old and determined monster.
After the struggle of getting through this window, I will
be in no shape to do it without fresh nourishment

$ +

Some might consider it masturbation of a grotesque
46% of blasphieeny -but Ido noe leis my'loves The slory
of the reshaping of the flesh is ours. If the master cannot
bear to reshape his seed, is this not hubris? The Blood is
great and glorious, true, but by no means is it infallible.
Tt must be perfected. It can, if necessary, be differenti-
ated. Specialized. Made suitable for specific tasks.

For love.

Her embrace is perfection. I know, because I sculpted itas
such. Itisnot beautiful by simple human standards. Mortals, all
they want is chalk-white skin and hair. But this is not the
imagined purity of false virginity, it is the very real excellence
of aform absolutely suited to its function. There are nosacks of
fatanderectile tissue tosatisfy infancy'sremaininghungers, and
the curves are not the barely concealed functionality of child-
bearing, but those which mate most closely to my body. No
clumsy fingers, but a thousand caressing cilia, and fangs to
pierce mein theplace that] mostenjoy—the back oftheneck,
where the spine meets the collarbone.

She isnot intelligent, my love, but | would not be without
her. Ourexchange of luids i the revivification of my blood, and
sheremindsmealwaysoftheideal thatTholdhighest. Shecannot
betray me, only love me, as I can only love her with the master's

fect love of that which he has wrought. As the selacha carry
er to her resting-crypt | stretch: The boredom of the evening
has been alleviated. I think that I will read some Juvenal, an
then retire early. Afterall, with a mission so grand as ours, we
voivodes cannot stint ourselves a litle leisure. Relaxation keeps
the predatory appetite sharp for when itis most needed.
i $ +

The window proved dificult, the murder less so, Still hot
with theefforrofenty, Imade one of thedeformed inhabitants
ofthis foul chateau my celebratory feast I hid the body vinere
iEwauld notbe exaly found of couse Corcaes we remadelly
eazy tofeldonce the vital fdshave been removed —mastof
the fesh's weight and resilience seems to reside within them.

As for the master, | must first get into his chambers. This
{sien aid than dates There aren tool fox this anne


itcomectly. Imustdo ithe wrong way, and hope that lam
Bets estaah thar, even doing ie the orone way, ean succeed,
Iwould verymuch like o live through the night, and the
f@eanie that] huntisnotstupid, but ammo weakling either.
Tamnanurally asstrong as lam ugly. I learned the welf-claw
tick tom Bors, who leamed it from hissire. From Magdalena,
ieaeladiffercneuick, — Ileamedhaw tobe very, very
The Fiend walks right past me, blood streaking the back
Palis ler shite I have no idea what he has been doing, but
Bee: whisling This cheery, human sound coming rom that
perfect, emotionless mask is perhaps the most disturbing thing
Baie fas yehesed in years [rave rio dohcthar he coulleasily
Bessctme, but lam noc relying on the blood for my sealth. {
amhiding behind a door with hinges oiled myself while [laid
Faovait The most imoortant thing is that the noise of the
combat be muifled. If fight him here, in the hall, they will be
Brite beforchisach hasevenhittheficor idonotwanctomoet
fiver here, noc don thave to, These are other monsters
Ee bit down, and too few hands to do the job es iti
Ghaling, [le the door swing tioiselesely open and sep
Be bahind him, Luckily, he is not the sort of Fiend who
embedseyesin the back ofhis head. He opens his door with
Pie coblskey—— she lockmusthavecosafornme He
Be through the door, and I follow him, my bare fect
nokelescon the flagstone floor. My body isburning with the
Rie ofthe Blood, and as his hand sends the door swinging
inward, Islash brutally at the limb, What follows is chaos.

Tara caught off guand by che dhaciécing Glow tomy anal
bue-my surprise is only the ose ofa. mortal heartbeat
Unfortunately itis heartbeat ehac alimose Goses me tty
existence. Lucy, the blood of a Tainisce knows full vel
the value of nmipve,and | havespentmany years preparing
for such decasions. | dodge as best as | am able and let my
body flow into itsbattle form, ‘Thanks be to our Progenitor,
that he created us uperior to all ocher Cainites and gave us
the blessing of the battle-body.
My arm is useless, and that is fine

AIL wish to do is gain distance, and I succeed, though I
take another rake from his claws in doing so. The might of my
bloodline begins to run through me, and I show hima trick of
the flesh that I have mastered — the extension of the tongue
inthe mannerof the Children of Set. They wouldnotteachme
willingly, but the blood is the life, and also the knowledge.

With his eyes removed, he is a markedly less danger-
ous foe. He can obviously fight through his Disciplines,
but he has not trained to do so. He is awkward, and
uncertain when relying on sound, on smell, on air pressure.

I puncture his skull twice with my tongue and begin to
feed from the convulsing body before it strikes the stone floor
Ttooam acquainted with the trick of inhuman quickness, and
soon, | will be acquainted with who sent this talented but
obviously amateur killer to my abode. Particularly, I will
know if he has any friends. The act of devouring the soul is
unpleasant, butsometimes there is no other remedy. Steeling

myself, I drink, and with the draught comes understanding



introduction:

enenth the ,
Votice of oinns

i)
i
|
|
|

ao Nove dees he feel his title

Dang loose about hirn like a giants robe h

Upona dwoattish thief i

- Willian Ghakespeace, Wiacbeth b
WY


New Domain

Kingly courts. Dark monasteries. Tournaments of clash-
ing knights. Battles for the Holy Land. Ancient keeps in
the blood-spattered Carpathians, These are the domains of
the childer of Caine — the places of power and intrigue,
conquest and ambition.

Or so they think.

In reality the Damned thrive in other corners of the
night. Amidst the filth and press of the cities, on the
darkened forest roads, a different breed of vampire stalks its
prey. Just as mortals profit from the lust, greed and hate of
kingsand merchants, so Cainite gutter-dwellers profit from
the needs and weaknesses of princes. If the mighty elder
believes that leprous beggars are beneath contempt, so
much the better for the neonate who rules as king of the
mendicants. And when the beggar-king makes his move,
the royal prince may learn the folly of his dismissal.

FAASHEN THIEVES

Third sons, lost childer, discarded wretches — these are
the "ashen thieves" of this book. Dark Medieval Europe is in
the midst of a vampiric overpopulation; elders and lucky
ancillae have established domain over many cities, shires
and monasteries. To the young neonate it can seem that
every corner of the night belongs to someone else, someone

too powerful to divest of their claim any time soon.

And yet — save in the case of some Ventrue — to a
Cainite, the blood of a beggar is as sweet as a king's.
Vampires are nobles by nature, supreme predators and
manipulators who gravitate toward centers of power and
prestige. The young, the wretched and the desperate react
to this trend by turning to the debased, the poor and ne'er-
do-wells for their feeding stock. Among the brigands and
harlots, the beggars and mountebanks, they move like
sharks swimming in filthy waters.

These ashen thieves are not fools barred from power
and influence. In a repetition of an eternal cycle of rule
from above and revolt from below, they have found that
there is power to be had amidst those princes do not deign
to acknowledge. A "base cur" who knows the trick of
entering impenetrable havens or riling a mob to terrible,
torch-wielding violence can be more useful than any num-
ber of landed nobles and monks.

SCOUNDRELS

A large number of the vampires who move among
mortal thieves and charlatans share much in motivation
with their prey. They are scoundrels and tricksters because
that is the way they have found to survive and thrive. They
break into houses (and havens) to take what they want
because they can. They don't have the skills or opportunity
to play the game of prince and Elysium, and so lead a

ASHEN THIEF

rougher unlife. They like violence, and so move in circles
where life (and blood) is cheap.

Some are mere thugs, riding the knife's edge of the
Beast and indulging in every dark desire, taking what they
want and going where they care. Greed and self-gratifica-
tion rule their damned souls. Othersare wretches with little
other choice. The childe of a disgraced sire, a Nosferatu in
the fief of a prince who doesn't tolerate stench, a thrall who
has freed himself from a powerful (and vengeful) regnant—
the variations are endless.

Of course, most Cainites fall somewhere in bevween
those two moral extremes. Like mortals, a combination of
inclination and external factors guide them toward roguery.
For some it is a way station on the path to true power; for
others itis just where destiny has put them. If they happen to
be highly skilled at killing or robbing fools, then so be it.

ROBBER KINGS

The other major group among vampires in the gutters
and robber dens shares much with the princes of the Long
Night. Their logic is simple: If the established princes have
a lock on the royal courts and powerful abbeys, ambitious
Cainites just have to find other domains to make their own.
Brigand bands, crowded city streets and brothels make fine
bases for power if you know how to use them.

These robber kings play a game of accommodation and
deception with the established power structure. They de-
fine their domain socially as well as geographically (claiming
the beggars and curpurses of Reims, for example) but the
established elder (the prince of Reims) rarely acknowledges
this. So accommodation comes into play; the robber king
pays tribute to the prince, provides him with information
and favors he might not otherwise have access to (beggars
make fine spies, after all), and gains a certain sanction in
return. The deception is that the robber king is satisfied
with his place as a subordinate. While paying lip service to
the prince, these Cainites slowly build up their position
until (hopefully) they are so indispensable that they can
make demands of the prince instead of the other way
around — or replace His Highness altogether.

REVOLUTIONARIES

The last group of ashen thieves are the smallest but cast
the largest shadow. Like robber kings they use mortal ne'er-
do-wells to gain power, but instead of simply seeking to gain
prestige and place, the revolutionaries want to tear the whole
bloody order down. They believe in a better way and in doing
whatever it takes to get there. Most are disenfranchised
neonates seeking vengeance, but some are skilled politicians
with real plans for the future.

Cainite revolutionaries come in two general breeds:
the subtle and the blatant. Subtle revolutionaries play the
long game; as vampires they have a great deal of time
ahead of them, and they are using it to patiently ready
their master stroke. The problem is that centuries of work
can be for naught if a single elder catches on. The
Prometheans, who dream of a new Carthaginian utopia,


are a prime example of subtle revolutionaries; they are
establishing a wide-ranging influence over urban crimi-
nals across Europe in the expectation that they can make
their move when urban centers swell anew.

The blatant revolutionary is less patient. She is ready
totake to the streets and burn down the elders' havensnow.
In Cainite circles, these raging radicals are called Furores,
more a catch-all term than an actual sect. Every few years
a principality sees neonates try to kill the prince and
establish some utopia; the other princes mutter about the
Furore threat, and then go on about their business. The
truth is that the most successful Furores are less blatant than
most would believe — they too lay the groundwork for
revolt, but they function on the scale of years, not lifetimes.

How To
Usk Tuts Book

The Ashen Thief is your guide to what stands for the
medieval "criminal underworld" and the vampires who move
amongit. Of course, there isnotan underworld in the modern
sense in 1197 —laws are too loose and variable for there to be
truly organized crime. But there isa stratum of society in both
the cities and countryside that subsists through activities
called illegal or immoral by their supposed betters. Cutpurses
and conartistsdivest urban dwellers of theircoin; housebreak-
ers and murderers do worse. Outside the city walls, brigands
and pirates take advantage of travelers foolish enough to trust
theirsafety tofate, Andamidst these miscreants lurk monsters.

CHAPTER BY CHAPTER

Chapter One: In Darkened Streets focuses on crime in
the cities of Dark Medieval Europe. It examines the various
criminal (and legal-but-immoral) activities that goon in these
crowded streets, as well as the laws that govern medieval life.
Discussion of mortal laws and crimes appear side by side with
insight into the Cainite perspective on such matters. The
chapter concludes with a look at the Prometheans, the sect of
so-called Firebringers who are using urban thieves as the basis
for their campaign to create a new Carthage.

Chapter Two: Wearing the Wolf's Head takes you
into the woods and forests between the cities. The brigands,
poachers and other scoundrels of the rural landscape come
to center stage. The chapter focuses principally on the
vampiric role, on how brigandage can serve to challenge
the power of elders. Discussions of piracy and Islamic
banditry round out the chapter.

Chapter Three: Flames of the Furores puts the revolu-
tionaries in the spotlight. The Furores are not an organized
sect, but rather a disparate agglomeration of vampires fighting
to bring down the elders in their own communities. As such,
the chapter examines the process of vampiric revolution, from
the first motivation through the establishment of a supposed
utopia. Sample Furore communities and guidelines for run-
ning Furore chronicles complete the survey of bloody revolt.

Appendix: Mavericks and Cutpurses provides you with
four ready-to-play characters. These ashen thieves exemplify
the themes and trends that appear throughout the book.

Some CIseru SOURCES

Thannkfully, there is no dearth of text written about
medieval Europe. Crime and criminality have not alwaysbeen
the most respected of topics, but they have their fair share of
scholars as well. The following sources should help get you
started on your own research, if you feel so inclined.

Books

Daily Livingin the Twelfth Century: Based on the Obser-
vations of Alexander Neckam in London and Paris by Urban
Tigner Holmes — Wonderfully detailed and readable
account of daily life in the two cities mentioned, with
short discussions of related topics; much of the informa-
tion in the book can apply to the rest of Western Europe.
An excellent quick-reference.

Hearth & Home: A History of Material Culeureby Norman
J. G. Pounds — Actually covers all the ages of human
civilization, but the chapters on the medieval period are
quite useful and might nipa host of anachronisms in the bud.
One chapter is devoted to the development of urban life.

The Medieval Underworld by Andrew McCall — This
book is 20 years old, and the research might bea bit out of date
(it's not always easy to tell); but it seems to be the most
accessible and comprehensive introduction to medieval
naughtiness out there. It covers not only the people we think
of as "criminals" today, but also the oppressed in general —
heretics, "witches," Jews, etc. There is also a survey of
medieval law. Numerous juicy tidbits and facts

Medieval Crime and Social Control, edited by Barbara A.
Hanawalt and David Wallace — Rather than an overall
introduction, this book is a collection of papers on highly
specific topics, including adultery in medieval Spain, rape
in Burgundian France and the sociology of London taverns.
Somewhat denser reading than the other references, but
full of useful facts and interesting discussions, and very
painstakingly documented.

INTERNET RESOURCES

Online Reference Book for Medieval Studies (edited by
Carolyn Schriber) at http:/Jorb.thodes.eduy) — A very
informative site. It also has quick-links to the other major
web sites for medieval research, such as the Labyrinth,
NerSerf, Argos and the Internet Mediewal Sourcebooks; the last
is an especially rich treasure trove of period literature,
documents and essays.

Medieval English Towns by Stephen Alsford at http://
orb.rhodes.edu/encyclop/culture/towns/towns.html —
Unfortunately, the site's content deals only with, well,
English towns; but within that area, an incredible wealth of
history and documents is presented. The site also has
several very useful lists of sites dealing with medieval urban
life throughout Europe.

BENEATH THE NOTICE OF KINGS



Look on us six that ave hanging thus,
Gnifor thellesh that so much voe cherished {;
Bove it is eaten of birds and perished,

Gnd ashes and dust fill our bones' place,
Wieck not at us that so feeble be

But pray Jod pardon us out of Bis grace

- Skancois Villon, "Che Ballad of the Gibbet'
Cleans. Anidceve Lang)


Ai Journe F
THROUGH THE City's CINDERBELLY

Professor Aymeric stopped sanding his quill and
listened. It was difficult to tell, but he thought he'd heard
a noise. Perhaps Nicholas was knocking about down-
stairs doing something

After a few moments of silence, he went back to his
work, blowing the dust off the quill, then blowing on his
fingers for good measure in an attempt to warm them up.
Not good enough. He cupped his right hand around the
candle flame and glanced wistfully at the brazier in the
comer. He could move it closer, but ever since he'd
knocked it over six months ago, igniting a good quarter
of his gloss on Cyprian, he felt little inclined to dare.

Especially since this was an important letter. He
reviewed the next few sentences in his head, mumbling
them to himself several times to make sure they were
sufficiently eloquent. Then he set pen to parchment for
the first long stroke of a capital B.

"Magister."

Aymeric started violently, ruining his letter in an in-
stant. On the good vellum! He cursed aloud and gazed
helplessly at the damage. But there was a slightly more

pressing issue, wasn't there? The voice had been low, smil-
ing... and did not belong toNicholas. Who was behind him?

He turned. The figure in the doorway was a mystery,
the hood ofa weathered cloak pulled down low enough to
obscure his face even in the dimmingafternoon sun. It was
aman, a young man, of that much Aymeric was sure.

"You look surprised, maitre," the man went on amiably.
"Were you not expecting to receive a call from me? Maybe
youhoped I would bid my money farewell after I learned that
there isn't any Pierre of Blois staying at the Weeping Maid?"

"Your money?" Aymeric retorted, though he was
indeed beginning to place the fellow. "I have no idea
what you're talking about."

The man smiled again and took astep into the room
Aymeric half-rose; his heart leaped even further within
him. He was too old for this sort of adventure now. Why
this week of all weeks? Why the hell hadn't Nicholas or
Marie stopped this man at the door?

"Come, maitre. You don'thonestly suppose a cap to hide
yourtonsureandabrighttunicare enough todisguise you? Do
you think the students don't gamble in the same houses?"

"saw no one I recognized," Aymericsaid, his cheeks
reddening a little.

"Then you should have been paying more attention."

"Which one of them was it? Which one of the little
miscreants told you?"

"Now, maitre..."

ASHEN THIEF

"I owe you nothing anyway! You cheated me. You
switched the dice for loaded ones."

"That's not what you said at the time." The man was
unmoved, almost bored. Nodoubt he went through count-
less such scenes. He reached for the dagger at his belt and
took another step; Aymeric put out a warding hand.

"Wait— wait, my good fellow." Miraculously, the
"good fellow" did. Aymeric took the opportunity to draw
in a much-needed breath.

"| maintain that the game was not a fair one. None-
theless, I'm prepared to drop that objection—"

"How very good of you."

"seeing that if youso chose, you could break faith with
me further, by spreading the story about." And though
Aymeric'stenure lecturing in theology hadbeen longenough
that he felt he could defend himself against the charge if
necessary, he certainly didn'tneed the additional distraction.
Evenanunsubstantiatedrumorofprofligacy mightbe enough
to draw unwanted attention to his leisure hours.

"('m glad yousee things my way, maitre. You being in
such a reasonable humor, no doubt | can expect my first
payment immediately."

"First payment? Don't get over-ambitious. I'll pay
you the agreed-upon sum, which is already more than |
can spare right now."

"You'll have to do better than that, I think."

"J shall. You shall have the original amount, half
now, half on Saint Cecilia's Feast. Then within another
few months I'm expecting to come into a little money. I
can now promise you 40 sous of it. On the condition, of
course, that you leave me alone both before and after."

Even through the shadow of the hood, Aymeric could see
the man's brow folding, weighing the merits of the proposal.

"You've already run out on me once," he rumbled.

"Yes, but you know who I am. How can I get away
from you now?" Aymeric put his hands behind his back,
the great debater making his point.

: + +

Pepin glanced again at the old man and thoughtit over.
Of course he'd raise the price. No doubt the professor was
offering far less than he could really afford. But then again
itwas already well above what Pepin himself could make in
12 holidays, and all in a lump sum. If he pressed too hard,
Aymeric might decide to have him ambushed and arrested
for robbery instead of paying up. His word against the word
of a lecturer at the University: how far would that go?

"You might just spend it all before I get to you."

"Nonsense. I'm sure whichever student told you
about me will tell you the moment I collect."

"Yes, and he'll expect his share of the payment. 60 sous."

"50."


He ran the dagger's edge along his thumb, just as a
reminder to the old man.

"Very well," Aymeric shrugged. "50."

"If you pay me that first half now."

"Yes, yes. Go downstairs and I'll meet you with it there."

Pepin went, obediently, but with a suspicious glance
backward. After a few minutes, the professor emerged,
his palm glittering: several silver coins and a little gold
ring with a modest stone set in it.

"Here you are, my lad, much good may it do you.
This bauble sat on the finger of my dear niece who died
last year, the last family I had."

"That's a sad story, maitre," Pepin grinned, looking
the thing over.

"You remember the agreement. | don't want to see
you till Saint Cecilia's Day, after Vespers."

"J remember, maitre."

¢ + +

"What sort of luck?" Jehanne wanted to know. Her
breasts, somewhat over-large butstill quite lovely, swayed
back and forth as she rocked on top of Pepin.

Pepin shook his head. "A business arrangement," he
managed through his increasing bliss. Of course that was
all the detail she was likely to get.

She grinned. "Is that what you're celebrating tonight?"

"Will you shut up and move?"

"Aren't moving?" She gave aslightly deeper thrust.
"There. Is that what you want?"

"Nh."

"And that? And that?"

"Ah, Jesu." He clutched her round buttocks, digging
in his fingernails, his whole body locked in ecstatic rigor
for a moment; then he fell back onto the mattresses,
exhausted. She slid off him gently and laid her head on
his chest, listening to the rhythm of his breathing.

Well, that had taken somewhat longer than it should
have, but what else could you expect when you gotaman
drunk? All she'd needed was a single look at his wide
smile and well-worn clothes to realize that here was a
fellow on an unaccustomed splurge. Within a few min-
utes he was sound asleep.

She scooted herself over to the edge of the bed and felt
around on the floor for his purse. It had looked nicely full;
saints be praised, it felt heavy as well. She opened it and
looked inside, manipulating the bottom of it with one hand
so she could shift its contents silently within: the gleam of
silver caught the moonlight. She putitdown carefully, then
got up, went over to the window and leaned out, not even
bothering to slip on her undertunic first

"Well?" came the hissing whisper.

"Atleast 25 sous!" she whispered back. "I want eightofit."

"You'll see to him?"

"Trust me, he'll be too busy trying to walk straight to
notice you."

"Good. I'll be back at Prime."

+ + +

"And where do you think you're going?" Mathilde
sent Jehanne a stare which should have fixed her to the
spot, but the girl kept going, trying to pretend she hadn't
heard. The madam's instinct for profit was instantly
aroused. They only avoided her when they'd done better
than usual. She took hold of the girl's arm.

"Let go of me, you swine!"

"There, there, daughter..." Mathilde knew Jehanne
hated to be called that, but it served to remind her of her
place. "I only wanted to know what could be taking you
away from us so early in the day."

"{''m going to visit my mother. And I'm not giving
you a single denier of it!"

Mathilde maneuvered her over to a trestle table,
forcing her to sit down on the bench. "Is that so? Is your
mother the only woman in Paris who needs to eat? What
about us? What about dear Agnes, who slaves to cook for
you even when you're behind on the rent?"

"{''m not behind on it now!"

"No, but I've no doubt you will be before too long,"
said Mathilde dryly. "If you've had a stroke of good
fortune this week, share it now and it'll be remembered
later on. Bear in mind, my girl, we didn'thave to take you
on, did we? You're a burden to us, a danger, in fact. Pretty,
yes, but if the sergeant ever finds out where you came
from... or worse yet, if your husband should hear of it..."

Jehanne flushed. This time last year, the mention ofher
hated husband had been enough to send her into a terror,
but now it only made her furious. Tears leapt to her eyes.

"Well, all right then. If you're going to be that great
a pig—," she thrust her hand into her purse.

"Let's see what you've got first, then we'll see how
great a pig I choose to be." Mathilde examined the little
pile Jehanne held out, picking up the ring and trying it
‘on. A covetous gleam came into her eyes.

"Ie's for my mother!" Jehanne exclaimed.

"Itlooks better on my white hand than it would on her
spotted one," Mathilde answered smugly. "Now youshould
be off — you mustn't keep the old woman waiting."

+ x t

"That girl has got a flogging coming to her!" Renaud
declared later that afternoon. A trickle of blood seeped
out from beneath the poultice he was holding to his
cheek. "And if you don't administer it, I will."

Mathilde wrung her hands. "I am sorry, sir. She's
young—she'snew —and | can'tsuffer her to be marked.
She's the favorite of a very important customer."

"Oh, and what am I, ifnota sergeant of the Chatelet?
Little Spanish tart. What did you give her to me for, ifyou
knew she was such a hellion?"

IN DARKENED STREETS


"But I didn't, sir, honestly I didn't. She's been gentle
as a lamb ever since she came. I don't know what could
have gotten into her. She'll be made to understand how
wicked it was, believe me."

Renaud glowered, although he knew perfectly well what
had gotten into the girl. Even the whores were reluctant to
accommodate his deepest desires. He had barely gotten his
hands around her neck — hadn't even begun to squeeze —
before she'd driven her knee into his side and lashed out with
her fingernails for good measure. She trembled in the corner
now, staring with those wide dark Moorish eyes of hers,
probably only understanding one or two words in 10.

Mathilde was fitfully twisting a ring on her finger. "I
assume this is going to raise your fee."

"You can be sure it is."

"I could give you over to Berthe. She doesn't see
anyone but a few regulars anymore, but I'm sure I could
persuade her to see you later this week, since your
friendship means so much to us."

"That would be an excellent start." The provost
himselfknew Berthe's well-deserved legend, orso Renaud
had heard. She was getting ona bit now. Still, there was
no reason to suppose her skills had dulled. "But today?"

"Today..." Mathilde dithered a few moments more,
struggling with herself, then dropped her shoulders in resigna-
tion. "Today youcantake this. Itwasapresentfroman admirer,
and I cherishit, but!'msure youcan getsomethingforit." With
that, she drew the ring she'd been fidgeting with off her finger.
He picked it up. A small but flavless sapphire, cabochon-cut
and polished toa mirror shine. Hadn't his mistress been saying
just the other day how much she liked sapphires?

Renaud made himself frown. "I suppose it'll do."

Ks # +

The youth with the long locks never stirred from his
spot before the statue in the Lady-chapel — never even
raised his head. He spared the man who came to kneel
beside him barely a sidewise glance.

"We offer it to you first," he murmured, "because my
master knows how much he owes you."

Renaud snorted. "Just you remember that. A word
from me, and this place would be so tightly besieged that
you couldn't even get your pricks out the door to take a
piss. What have you got for me this time?"

"Something special. Look at this."

With a flowing, surreptitious motion, something
cold and flat and smooth was pressed into Renaud's
hand. He glanced at it.

"The king's seal. And pristine. But I can get these on
my own if | want."

"Ah." The youth smiled tolerantly. "The king's seal, say
you? Look, if you will, sir. That seal was made with this stamp."

Renaud took the leaden stamp from the boy's other hand,

glancing quickly around to see if anyone might be watching.

ASHEN THIEF

They seemed to be alone: the deacon in the nave outside was
polishing candlesticks or some such. His slightly out-of-tune
humming drifted into their little chamber, providing adequate
(perhaps deliberate?) cover for their conversation.

"You have... forged the royal seal?"

"We believe so, yes, sit. For a reasonable price, you may
take thissample with youandsee for yourself how itcompares."

Renaud looked over stamp and seal, pressing one into
the other to match them up, his hands trembling slightly.

"And the stamp itself?"

"Will cost somewhat more. After all, to have the
royal seal at one's command, without having to waylay
and butcher genuine writs to get it.... But we can discuss
that later, when you've satisfied yourself ofits... fidelity."

"Isee. Well,  haven't gota lot on me at the moment."

"That is unfortunate." The boy was the Christ Child;
he was St. Cyr; he was a Holy Innocent.

"1 suppose you'll be letting others bid on these in
the meantime?"

"But of course."

Renaud then remembered the littleringin hispurse. Ah,
well, Adele could hardly miss a giftshe didn't yet know about.
He drew it out, polishing it a bit on the edge of his tunic.

"Here. Will this do? For the seal."

The boy held itup to the candlelight, cle:
Perhaps he too had some lady-love.

"Consider it earnest money for the stamp as well," the
officeradded, sensing that he now had the leverage to press
alittle harder. "Naturally I must check this against the real
thing. But it looks like a fine likeness to me."

"Very well. For the seal. And I shall tell my master
that you were sincerely interested."

"Do that, my lad." Renaud got up, patting the youth's
head as he did so. He had the gratifying, if short-lived, reward
of seeing that icy complacence crack for a moment, the
waxen face darkening, and then he was out, heading against
the winter breeze that rushed in through the church doors.

+ t +

Heloise listened for the whisper of mortal feetin leather
shoes, but most of her attention was on the view before her.
Itwasn'tworthy ofa queen, orevenaduchess. No lush vistas
greeted her eye, no barbered gardens with flowery bowers in
which young lovers might make their decorous trysts. Itwas
simply the city, nothing more or less than that. Rows of
squeezed-together half-timbered houses, rotting mazes of
alleyways, a constant stream of muck running down the
center of the street, meandering inch by inch back to the
river where it could dump its bounty of filth. Here, directly
below her, a drunken student had just pinned his equally
drunken friend to the wall, and the two of them were now
reinventing the sodomitical wheel — their barking laughs
of pleasure no less sharp than the haranguing their con-
sciences would give them tomorrow. There, off in the

ly tempted.


distance, a woman was picking over the body ofan old man
that she'd just found in an alleyway. Somewhere across
town, in a room whose dimensions and character Heloise
could till only imagine, a creature called Alexandre lay on
an old Roman couch and fancied himself ruler of all this.

She smiled, and turned. "Geoffrey."

"Madame." The boy bowed, touching one knee to the
ground, gazing upather with the same lambentadoration he'd
vouchsafed the Virgin 10 minutes ago. Then, with no further
ceremony, he came forward. She extended her wrist to him,
opening a gash in it with her teeth first. He closed his mouth
over the wound. Never mind that the arm he clutched was
withered and covered with leprousscabs, or that the silhouette
that leaned over him bore an unhappy resemblance to the
gargoyle carvings at the eaves, As far as his mortal senses were
concemed, the former was white as alabaster and supple as a
young branch, the latter as finely drawn as a gilded acanthus
border in apsalter. She let her weight settle back on her heels,
relishing the feel of his hot little tongue scraping on her skin,
butsteeledherselfnottomakeanynoise ortouchhiminretum.
Iewouldn't do to leva slave know he had power of any sort.

After a few moments, she gently pulled away. He
hesitated before letting go, flicking the tip of his tongue
tocatch the last droplet of blood that beaded on his lips.

"What news, Geoffrey?"

"All is well, madame. He took our bait. I have no
doubt he'll buy the stamp."

"Good. And once he has the wherewithal to really
overstep himself, he'll surely hasten to do it. You see,
Geoffrey? Patience is a virtue. "

"Indeed, madame. I told Monsieur Hugues just that.
Heis, of course, eager to see his cousin get himselfhanged
and thus vacate his very lucrative post." Geoffrey's
hungry gaze traveled again to her wrist.

"Pay attention, my dear. Now the honorable Renaud,
what payment did he give?"

"Oh." Suddenly the youth was alight with excite-
ment. "I bargained for this, madame. He was going to
give it to his wife, but I persuaded him."

With that, he deposited the ringinto her cuppedhands,
eager forher word of approval. Shenoddedandslipped iton
"Lovely. But how gallant of you, Geoffrey, to acquire such
a thing for me." Then she leaned down and kissed him on
the forehead. As she did, she couldn't help noticing little
sore just under his smooth jaw, the first flowering of the
Nosferatucurse. Ah, well; itwasbound tohappen. "Nowgo.
Although the night is long, we both have much to do."

"Yes, madame." He bowed twice as he withdrew. His
lovesick, triumphant grin was the last part of him to
disappear into the darkness

IN DARKENED STREETS


Heloise stood silent in the bare chamber, letting her
perception move deep into the stone. The Toreador
thought they monopolized this power, just as Alexandre
thoughthe monopolized the beating mortal heartsaround
him. Flecks of color danced at the edges of her vision as
she bored deeper, deeper, and found what she had
suspected: the subtly wavering density of glass.

She put her ungainly head back and laughed.

"A counterfeit, for a counterfeit counterfeiter," she
proclaimed to the birds roosting in the rafters above her.
She raised her fist toward them so they could see it. "I
think it suits me, don't you?"

CRIME IN THE DARK
MepbrIEVAL WorLD

First, a little debunking: The "urban underworld," as
modern people understand the term, does not yet exist in the
Dark Medieval world. Even legitimate civil government has
only begun to fumble its way toward a semblance of order.
(Indeed, the most telling evidence of the absence of an
organized criminal class is the absence of an organized police
force.) You will search this chapter in vain for a Dickensian
community of mortal rogues who all use the same slang,
follow the same unwritten codes, and maintain relations
with brother communities in neighboring towns. What you
willfind, however, is an attempt to show some of the colorful
panoply of urban medieval crime and suggest the numerous
waysinwhich enterprising Cainitesmightexploitit. "Crime"
in the Dark Medieval world is defined slightly differently
than in modem times. For practical purposes, a crime is any
action of which the local authority — which also tends to be
the most influential authority — disapproves.

It's a little more complicated than that, of course.
Accordingly, the first section deals with medieval law and
some ofits unexpected quirks. The nextsection brings forth
a wide assortment of mortal medieval criminals (by no
means exhaustive, but hopefully at least representative).

In the final section, the reader is cordially invited to
sit in on a meeting of the Prometheans, a Cainite
brotherhood that hopes to harness the skills and power
of the cities' human refuse in creating a newer, better
incarnation of great Carthage. The Prometheans' own
activities will naturally be discussed, as well as the
activities of various other vampires who, for one reason
or another, choose the low road to success.

Keep an eye on your purse, and follow...

Meprevan Law

Medieval criminals must fear the law, just as their
moderi.counterparts will in centuriesto come, but the threat
is of a distinctly different character. The most obvious

ASHEN THIE

difference isthat in the Middle Ages, the task of usticeissplit
between two separate bodies: canon law and secular law.

CANON LAW

Christianity was born in an outpost of the Roman
Empire; perhaps it's only fitting that its laws should come
from the civilization which once ruled Judea along with
much of the rest of the world. Moreover, the empire is
Europe's one common property, the only cultural au-
thority to which nearly everyone bows. What else could
possibly induce Irish monks to agree with French prel-
ates? In the old imperial law, particularly in the
Theodosian and Justinian codes, canonists have discov-
ered a system of logic that they can adapt to their own
administrative needs. Gratian's recently published De-
cretum, a brilliant summing-up of their efforts to date,
now spreads this legal gospel throughout the Continent.

JurisDICTION

For those who give themselves in service to the faith,
canon law governs every aspect of life. Naturally, it claims
jurisdiction on all matters relating to their religious duties;
should one of these shepherds so forget his vows as to
engage in theftormurder, only the Church may judge him.
‘Onirare occasions, a bishop mayo loathe thecctimes of an
accused cleric that he strips the offender of his status and
hands him over to the secular arm for trial. However, the
Church normally guards its legal rights quite jealously.
Thus the recent dispute between Archbishop (and now

CamniTE Law

The Six Traditions form a rough legal framework
for the courts of most European. princes ‘and ‘other
Cainite potentates, at least in theory. In reality, the
Tradition of Domain — which clearly establishes the
power of an elder in his area of influence —tends to be
the only one that counts. The local prince then inter-
prets the other Traditions-as/he sees fit. Mortal legal
traditions move into the hidden Cainite world as those
versed in law gain the Embrace and the recognition of
the local potentate. Most legal appeals in\a Cainite
court will cite the Six Traditions, but the form of the
court, the nature of sentences and even the nature of
the crimes are usually based on mortal foundations.

Of course, ifa Cainite is dragged before a mortal
court, then no appeal to the Six Traditions is possible.
The vampire is just another criminal to be dealt with.
While certain Disciplines (Dominate and Presence)
can make a mortal.trial less than threatening to a
Cainite, the mere fact that proceedings occur during
the day means that few vampires wish to tangle with
the mortal authorities. Cainites generally arrange to
have charges dismissed, witnesses yanish or simply to
escape before any actual proceedings occur.


martyr) Thomas & Becket and King Henry II of England
over, among other things, the proper procedure for deal-
ing with "criminous clerks" — a dispute that ended, but
only for the nonce, with episcopal brains scandalously
littered on the holy floor of Canterbury Cathedral.
Canon law applies not only to those under lifelong
vows (priests, monks, nuns and the rest of the panoply), but
also to those whose employment with God is only tempo-
rary — Crusaders, pilgrims and so forth. And its reach
extends further yet, into the affairs of laymen. Widows and
orphans take legal refuge under the Church's protective
wing. The Church has the power to condemn anyone for
heresy, sacrilege or oath-breaking. Laymen may bring per-
sonal actions against each other in ecclesiastical court. On
top of all this, canon law enjoys jurisdiction in a number of
matters the modern man would consider purely civil: wills,
annulments (the one form of divorce acceptable to the
Church) and suits of slander, to mention only a few.

TRIAL Process

Bishops, cardinals, archdeacons and vicars-general all
maintain their own courts, anda metropolitan (the primate of
an ecclesiastical province) can further call a panel of his
bishops to sit on a special court called the provincial council.
The procedure fora Church trial, in 1197, isincreasingly based
onthe old Roman inquest. Thatis, rather than employingone
of the traditional barbarian methods of establishing guilt or
innocence — which will be discussed below — the court
conducts a series of examinations and cross-examinations.
The burden of proof rests, theoretically, with the accuser.
‘Appeals may be carried all the way to a conclave of the Pope
and cardinals (or, speaking more realistically, to the highest
level a man's personal finances will allow).

Ancientimperial law forbade the use of torture against
free men except in cases of treason and, from the fourth
century onward, sorcery. In any case, Church leadership
presently agrees with St. Augustine that confessions pro-
duced under torture are meaningless. However, beginning
in 1209 with Innocent IIs crusade against the Cathars of
Languedoc (which in turn leads to the founding of the
Inquisition in 1231), the papacy will discover detours
around its canonical prohibitions of torture.

PUNISHMENTS

Canon law is generally kinder than secular law.
Thus the rush by otherwise venal folk to secure the
benefit of clergy by taking minor orders —astatus which
can be proved (or faked) by displaying a tonsured head
or reading aloud in Latin.

(An intriguing side note: since universities developed
from the old cathedral schools, university students are by
definition clerks — i.e. minor clergy. This renders them
immune to secular law, which may explain why medieval
scholars enjoy such a reputation for roguery. Of course, civil
authoritiessometimes choose to ignore this privilege, espe-

cially when confronted with a "town and gown" riot; thus
the need for secular decrees confirming it, such as the one
King Philippe will grant to the University of Paris in 1208.)

The Church nominally concerns itself with the welfare
of souls rather than the settling of earthly scores; thus, the
sentences it hands down tend to have a penitential quality.
Fasts and pilgrimages are common, and of course alms serve
the double purpose of remitting sin and helping out one's
fellow man. However, judges also order more public forms of
penance, such as flogging, the better to impress upon every-
one the steep price for defying God's word. A combination
may even be employed: For instance, a convict might be
whipped through the streets to his local church, where he
would then lament his errors to the gathered crowd before
departing on a pilgrimage to a prescribed series of shrines.

While heresy is without a doubt the blackest possible
sin against Holy Mother Church, actual punishments for it
tun the gamut from light to severe, depending on the depth
of the offense and the convict's willingness to name accom-
plices. In any case, a convicted heretic forfeits all rights to
property — a fact not lost on cynical observers, who have
noticed thatrich hereticsseem to elicit farmore prosecutorial
zeal from the local lords and clerics than poor ones. More-
over, any kindness shown to a contrite first-time offender
certainly won't be extended again should he relapse.

Technically, an ecclesiastical judge may not condemn
anyone to death — even a heretic. Instead, he excommuni-
cates and then regretfully "abandons" the wretch to the
secular government, which of course hastens to carry out its
pious duty. In 1197, with the Albigensian Crusade still
waiting in the wings, most Church authorities favor the "civil
ban" as the ultimate secular punishment for an unrepentant
heretic. This consists of stripping the offender of all legal
rights, then exilinghim from the realm. Quite often hishouse
is bummed down as well, just to help speed him along.
Nonetheless, many feudal lords prefer to send their heretics
tothestake; the Church iscertainly well aware of this, and it's
arare prelate who will step in to stop the proceedings.

Truly heinous criminals among the clergy may also be
"abandoned" to secular execution (though, as noted above,
they must be defrocked first). More often, they end their
days ina Church prison, forbidden even to speak to another
human being. Many monasteries have a row of cells built
alongside the abbey infirmary for just this purpose. Official
documentscall such close confinement thecarcerstrictissimus,
butwaggish monkshave dubbed itin pace —asin, Requiescat
In Pace — since it's effectively a tomb for the living.

Even the carcer strictissimus, however, pales beside the
horror ofa sentence of excommunication. In the lesser version
ofthe curse, the unhappy victim is forbidden the comfort ofthe
sacraments as well as Christian burial; in the greater version,
anyone who trafficks in any way with the condemned risks
excommunication as well. Those who make their living by
commerce rightly dread such a fate. Indeed, when a city ers

IN DARKENED STREETS


greatly in the Church's eyes and thus falls under mass interdict,
it can nuin the local economy for years.

Excommunication begins with a Church rite — the
bell is rung, the book closed, and the candle snuffed out to
show that the condemned is now dead to the body of the
faithful. For a particularly influential victim, the ceremony
may be read in many churches far and wide; and evena poor
excommunicate can expect his local priest to pronounce
sentence repeatedly in order to keep public memory alive
on the subject. From that point on, the reprobate has one
year to make amends with God or else become a heretic in
the eyes of the law. And should he have the misfortune to
die still excommunicate, his soul will certainly end up in
one of the hotter corners of Hell. Or so the priests say.

Even so, people occasionally take it into their heads
todefy the ban. After all, a Cathar certainly doesn't care
what the Church of Babylon thinks of his kind. And
since it's so easy to defraud or frame a person who no
longer has any rights under law, everyone realizes that
some excommunications are pronounced for less-than-
holy reasons. But defiance takes great bravery, not to
mention resourcefulness, when even the baker on the
corner risks his soul by selling bread to the condemned.
Although an excommunicate might try to escape his fate

OFFICIAL WARNING

The Fourth Lateran Council (which won'tactually
meet till 1215, butwill certainly know its business when
it does) declares that the excommunicate may not be
"admitted to public offices or councils ortoelect others
tothe same or to give testimony. Heshall be intestable,
thatishe shall not have the freedom to make a will nor
shall succeed to an inheritance. Moreover nobody shall
| be compelled to answer to him on any business what-
ever, but he may be compelled to answer to them: Ifhe
isajudge, sentericesspronounced by him shall have no
force and cases may not be brought before him; if an
advocate, he may not be allowed to defend anyone; ifa
notary, documents drawn up by him shall be worthless
and'condemned along with their condemned author;
andin similar matters we order the same to be observed.
Ifhowever he is acleric, let him be deposed from every
officeand benefice, so that the greater the fault»the
greater be the punishment. If any refuse to avoidsuch
personsafter they have been pointed outby theChurch,
let them bepunishedwith the sentence of excommuni-
cation until they make suitable satisfaction."

Modern readers who doubt the Church's power
to make good on:this extravagant threat would do
well to reread the section on jurisdiction, above,
and then further remember that medieval people
tend to fear as much for their souls as for their lives.
The ruling of the mightiest secular judge only

carries as much weight as other Christians give it.

by fleeing (bear in mind that he can't sell his land or
possessions to raise travel funds), such journeys are
hazardous, and people often treat strangers with deep but
justifiable suspicion. In the Dark Medieval world, a man
depends on his social ties to survive — and society
likewise depends on that fact to keep him honest.

Needless to say, the bureaucracy that exercises all this
fearsome authority puts a great strain on Church coffers. For
this reason, convicts can often buy off or lighten even the
harshest sentences with sufficiently generous alms. The in-
creasing traffickinsuch indulgencesnodoubtcomfortstherich
malefactorsofthe world greatly;of course, secular governments
are just as guilty of putting justice on sale, if not more so.

SANCTUARY

For the miscreant who can't pay the price of her feudal
lord's mercy, the tradition of sanctuary provides a free (if not
always reliable) refuge. If she can make it past a church
threshold, the secular law is forbidden to go in after her, on
pain of excommunication. In a few places, the protection is
even extended past the church walls, to as much as a mile's
radius (the border of this radius being marked by stone
crosses). Elsewhere, the requirements are stricter, and the
fugitive must not only get inside the church but also touch a
brass knocker-ring or sit in a special seat — called the "frith-
stool" in England —toclaim herright. Sanctuary technically
expiresafteramonth or40 days, dependingon local tradition,
after which the felon must face justice or go into exile.

The custom is heavily abused in both directions. As
noted above, sentences of excommunication are hardly
irrevocable; if an official still doesn't dare risk divine
anger, he can always surround the church with an armed
guard and settle back to wait. On the other hand, court
summoners and sergeants constantly complain of the
thieves, gamblers, murderers, forgers, errant apprentices
and chronic debtors who use their local cathedral as a
more or less permanent home base for criminal endeavor.
As for the clergy who protect these felons, one can usually
count on them to stand firm, whether they be motivated
bya sense of duty to the poor in spirit, zeal for guarding the
Church's prerogatives or a small financial consideration.

SecULar Law

Since Christendom has no one supremesecular ruler,
secular law varies a great deal from place to place. In
Italy, the heart of old Rome, the imperial codes survive
largely intact. Further north and west, ancient barbarian
custom still carries great weight, but even there the
Roman model is hardly unknown, and the Church has
successfully convinced many feudal lords to look to
canon law as their exemplar of good government.

JURISDICTION

Briefly put, the secular law has jurisdiction over
everything and everyone not claimed under canon law.


Amicus Usqur Ap Aras

To the fair and noble Dame Rosamunde, from
your humble clanfellow, Brother John of St. Albans,
greetings in the Blood.

Irejoice to inform you that your excellent cousin
is alive and well and under the protection of a Brujah
colleague at Norwich Cathedral. As you may know,
Norwich is among those churches whose right to give
sanctuary is specially recognized by the Crown, so you
need have no fear. Dominus may well persuade the
reeve to go after your cousin — I hear he has all the
royal ministers in Norfolk under his.thumb— but
even if they are hard-hearted-enough to defy God's
curse, they will not so easily give the lie to their king's
honor, tosaynothingofthescandal which would arise
from having such rare blood spilt on holy ground.

The time this grants usshould bemore than enough
to arrange young Robert's safe rerum, provided of course
that Your Ladyship has considered and agreed to our
price. For now, he enjoys the hospitality of my colleague
andhismerrylittle lock. Iam told thathe isin good spirits
and has made many fast friends. No doubt he shall know
how tocutapurse-string with the bestof them bythetime
hefindshis way backto YourLadyship'sarms. Orperhaps
Deacon Aelfred, ivho is reportedly fond of the lid will
persuade him to.a holier calling:

We await your'word with all eagerness, and in

the meantime ourearnest prayers fly up to Heaven
on behalf of Your Ladyship and the esteemed fugi-
tive at Norwich. Choose swiftly, and choose well.

By my hand at St. Albans, at the calends of
May, Year of Our Lord 1197.

However, this isn't always a clear-cut distinction. In
1197, the relative authority of monarch and prelate is
still very much under debate, and some sorts of cases may
be validly tried in either court. The Church currently
has the upper hand in this struggle for legal territory,
mainly because secular justice is so unpopular.

Authority to judge disputes is, like land, parceled out
according to the feudal hierarchy. The royal courts decide
particularly important cases, especially cases of treason, but
in ordinary affairs, each lord exercises justice in his own
holdings. (The right of high justice — that is, the power to
divest people of life or limb — is sometimes withheld from
minor barons, and may be withdrawn from greater lords as
apunishment. In such a case, all felony trials go to the next
court up.) Towns enjoy, along with their other chartered
rights, the power to institute their own courts; merchant
guilds in a town usually reserve the right to prosecute their
own members for breaking trade regulations.

Although no one's really determined the precise ins
and outs of the procedure, unsatisfactory rulings can usually

be appealed to ahigher court. Furthermore, amonarch may
dispense pardons more ot less at whim. Every so often one
hearsof the kinggivingmass amnesty in observance ofsome
special occasion, or offering to pardon anyone who will pay
a certain fine or serve in the war du jour.

Note that bishop or abbot can also be a feudal lord.
In sucha case, the lord appoints a representative, called
an avoué, to oversee his secular court.

Pouce Powe!

Although there existafew typesofofficial charged with
keeping the peace — sheriffs and bailiffs, volunteer watch-
menreluctantly recruited from the merchants' guilds, knights
of the watch and their serjanz —rulers primarily look to the
people of a community to discover and produce the offend-
ers among them. If a community fails in this duty, it can be
forced to make restitution or stripped of privileges. Such a
citizens' manhunt is known as the hue-and-cry.

In England, this self-policing is formalized in the insti-
tution of the tithing, also known as a frankpledge. Each
tithing group consists of 10 free men; members in a tithing
must stand surety for the other members — which includes
making certain that those who are summoned to court
actually appear —and can be held liable for their offenses.
Tithingsare themselves gathered into largeradministrative
units, called hundreds, which have similar obligations
(knights ina hundred, especially, are expected to round up
any malefactors in their midst). Englishmen tend to regard
any stranger who can't immediately name his tithing and
hundred as a suspicious character, possibly even an outlaw.

TRIAL PROCESS

Men of reason everywhere struggle to reform the secular
trial, but it's slow going. While the inquest method of exami-
nation and cross-examination has become commonplace,
torture and starvation diets are still considered perfectly re-
spectable for obtaining confessions from suspects. Although
judges sometimes ask for an advisory ruling from a panel of
leading citizens, the right toa "jury of one's peers" is pretty well
undreamed-of. Moreover, the inquest trial itself still competes
with even more ancient methods of ascertaining truth.

The method of compurgation, in which accuser or
defendant either swears multiple oaths in multiple
churches, or convinces a number of associates to swear to
their faith in his word, is no longer generally trusted —
although atrial witness may choose compurgation asa way
of lending greater weight to his testimony. Many, how-
ever, yet believe that God makes His own judgement
known in the trial by combat and the trial by ordeal.

Any of the principals or witnesses in a case may
challenge each other to a trial by combat. If a witness
loses such a duel, his testimony becomes void. In France,
the latter stratagem has become so common that wit-
nesses who plainly can't hope to defeat a challenger are
often barred from testifying in the first place.

IN DARKENED STREETS


CAINITES AND CANON LAW

Although the faithful guardians of the Church would be
disheartened to know so, the childer of Caine often look to
canon law for inspiration and precedent. Some vampires
would argue that this hasmore todo with the system'sRoman
roots than any ecclesiastical matters; indeed, mostof the dark
princesofEurope feelabond towardRome. But the Lasombra
adoption ofthe Catholic Churchasone ofitsfiefdomsand the
importance most neonatesand ancillae still put on matters of
eternal souls and religious dogma mean that Church author
ityaddsextraweighttotheclassical legal tradition. Furthermore,
Cappadocians, Tremere and other scholarly vampires were
often literate in life and so used to being able to claim status
(fraudulently ornot) undercanon law and expectsome of the
same privileges inunlife:

In some principalities, canon law and its Roman prede-
cessor are the main tools used for interpreting the Six
Traditions determiningpunishments,andestablishingother
laws and regulations. Lasombra bishops use this policy most
of all. Other courts preserve the kine distinction: between
secular and canon law, often-applying: harsher ‘secularly
inspired justice to'vampires of lesser status. This status Can
reflect disfavored "inferior" clans (often Gangrel, Ravnosand

| Nosferatu) or having a disgraced sire or Cosanguineus. Furore
| activity and other forms of dissent are often strong in princi-
palities that use stich'a double standard.

‘VAMPIRES TIN' ECCLESIASTICAL, COURT
MostCainitesmove silently through hurhan circlesand
(atleastsomeofthe time) pass themselves offaskine. Assuch,
it's very possible for them to bedragged into an ecclesiastical
courtiftheycommitacrimeand¢anclaimstatus undercanon:
law. A vampire of status can quickly dispense of such a
problem by greasing' the right hand (and using the right
Bistiblined haven ewlynotiecce satel wercemethite

out, ules his elders actively oppose it

For those unfortunateswho must face an actual inquest,
Unlife becomes much more difficult. For one thing, such
events usually occur during the day, although any vampire
masquueradingasaman will have already created acoverstory

to explain daylight absences. The matter of faith can also be
troubling. Although they are not so common as some might
think, there are religious men and women whose very gaze
can force a Cainite to back down. Church bells'and other
artifacts can also make the Beastrile inside the Cainite form.

Alllthiscan make resisting questioning quite difficult. The
problem is not for the vampire to lie (or even answerhonestly)
buttonotreveal hertruenature. Oneslipandthecourtwillknow
it is dealing with "hellspawn'" of some form, and many of the
regular rules fly oubthe proverbial window. In aminor court, a
vampiremight well Fer fgsactleexcttahaslei.
But word will spread, inguisitors and exorcists will eventually
arrive, and the vampire's mortal identity will shatter. In a
provincial or other high court, it is all the more likely that
someone who can deal with sucha monstrosity will be on hand.

"Thetis punddhinenisofeation vere iptoblemeie
"Thecivilbananclexcomnuunication areseriousmatnrsindeed
= veanpiesnererlebueniigbavend lghtly-—-biivemple
havenothingifnoctime to rebuild. Backedby the blood cath,
and pethaps veehil Disciplines like Preserie, Dominate ot
Obfiscate rbuildinganew identity orreestablidhingonesslin
age letlisnoc all thar dificult Only ifthe vampire has also
Be oinite prince can heexpect to become aparch,
dod den rete have to deal with a blood hunt agg
Kettimestke advantage ofthe tradition oeeageoury
Fife vlige dogiln is church preure can wel eepgoret
ibang Feugflom Kine auchoritic, Buca vane seeking
encase always be wary forsomesantarceore
devielytixedaforable wo the chide eave

Canon Law AND LEXTALIONIS

Significant elements of canon law have migrated into the
interpretations of the Six Traditions, especially in' Lasombra
courts, Mest notably, ideas of appropriate punishment often
cross-pollinatefrommortal bishopstotheirMagistercounterparts
(and those of other clans, as well). Princes often find it useful to
havea variety ofpunishmentsavailable tothem besidesthe blood
bunt oran enforced blood oath, and these are drawn from canon
law.

Excommunication strips a vampire of status within the
principality. The protection inherentin the Six Traditionsno
Jongerexténdsto him, althoughhemustfollow them himself.
He may no longer claim domain, is subject to destruction
(without attackers facingjustice ) and may not create childer.
Hisghoulsmaybe imprisoned or destroyed. Likea mortal, the
vampire has'a year to make amends'to the prince (and any
other offended party) before the' decision becomes irrevo-
cable: Lesserexcommunication—in whichthe vampire may
still deal with others — isnot uncommon for serious breaches
of the Traditions. Greater excommunication (in which the
vampire becomes untouchable) is rarer.

The vampiric equivalent of the civil ban is exile. The
prince strips the vampire of status and forces her to leave his
principality. He bums her'haven, takes her possessions,
destroysherghoulsand unreleased childer,andwams that her
retum will lead to a blood hunt. This is @ rare punishment
because it usually inspires desire for revenge in the exile;
princes use it when a vampire to whom they owe agreat debt
‘commits some crime deserving of destruction.

Most princes havé'long sinée adopted and adapted the
ecclesiastical tradition of sanctuary because it nicely resolves a
long-standing problén surrounding the. vanipitic Tradition of
Domain. Ifa vampire in good standing sheltersa wanted Cainite
in his haven or labyrinth, itis unclear whethiét his domain over
the haven or the prince's domain. over the principality takes
precedence. Cana prince violate ahaven toextractafugitive?In
mostpartsofEurope, theanswerisnow "onlyafter40nights." Like
achurch, ahaven can provide (atthe owner' discretion) shelter
for that long after which time the fugitive must leave or see his
host's claim to domain fall by the wayside.


Certain classes of people are forbidden the trial by
combat. Children may not fight; neither may the lame, the
diseased or women. (Actually, this last prohibition isn't
always observed. Women do occasionally fight and defeat
opponents in judicial duels. However, these are excep-
tional events. When they do occur, the male opponent is
usually forced to take a handicap.) Clergy, too, are exempt,
although this has only been so since a papal ban of 1140.
Finally, serfsand bastard sons may not challenge those more
honorably born. In some places, such as London, the trial
by combat has been completely abolished.

If the person thus challenged to fight is legally unable to
respond, a chosen champion may defend the charge instead.
This custom has produced a class of professional champions,
butthe man who makes his living in this way must bea reckless
sort indeed; in many places, the shame of losing a trial by
combat is immediately followed by the further discomfort ofa
death sentence. The profession thus attracts more than its
share of felons and ne'er-do-wells. This is doubly unsurprising
when one considers the general lack of dignity of the proceed-
ings: trials by combat can take place with the participants
mounted or on foot, usingalmost any weapon or combination
of weapons imaginable, from lances and shields to clubs, rocks
and teeth. The actual rules vary greatly from place to place.

The trial by ordeal is an even more direct appeal to
Heavenly aid, since, in its most usual forms, few could hope
to pass it without God's intervention. The ordeal, like the
trial by combat, is prefaced by oaths on holy relics and a
special Mass for the participants. Next, the priest blesses the
implements of the ordeal, and only then can the trial begin.
There is an ordeal of boiling water, in which the accused
must thrust a hand or arm into a cauldron up to a specified
depth, and an ordeal by fire, in which he must walk overred-
hot plowshares or carry a heated lump of iron a certain
distance. Following the ordeal, the wound is bound up and
sealed with a signet, and then examined again after a
prescribed interval (three days is traditional). If an open
sore remains, the accused has failed the ordeal.

Magical treatises prescribe various ointments for fend-
ing off the heat of the ordeal. However, for those disinclined
to trust sorcery, a sufficient expenditure can often ensure
either a false report of the wound'sstate, ora lower tempera
ture for the water or iron. Then there are other forms of
ordeal which are much easier to beat: the ordeal by cold
water, in which the accused is bound hand and foot and
lowered into the water, sinking being the necessary proof of
innocence (hopefully, a rescue follows shortly thereafter);
and the ordeal of swallowing a hunk of consecrated bread
orcheese (which only aCainite need fear; indeed, a popular
Lombard folktale recounts the misfortune of a "devil in
man's pleasing form" — that is to say, a Lasombra neonate
— who was narrowly prevented from marrying into the
Visconti family by a rival suitor who accused him of murder
and challenged him to submit to that very test. The
Visconti, for the record, have dubbed this utter nonsense).

Clergy are forbidden to undergo the ordeal, and
within a decade, they will be further prohibited from
officiating at the ordeals of laymen. Since the ordeal is
primarily a religious proof, the withdrawal of the clergy
will effectively put an end to its use in most of Europe.

PUNISHMENTS
As might be expected, secular punishments vary
according to the severity of the crime and the social
status of the convict. The old custom of paying a fine
directly to the victim (or his survivors) has finally died
out; crime is now an offense against the state, and the
state demands recompense. From this, it follows that
punishments must not only revenge the wrong, but also
publicly demonstrate that justice has been served.
Accordingly, judges design their sentences with spec-
tacle in mind. Imprisonment is tare — although less so in
England than on the Continent — except for those
awaiting trial. (If one is poor, imprisonment can amount
toasentence of death by starvation, as most inmates must
pay for their own upkeep. However, charity provides some
funds for prison relief, and certain convicts are granted the
privilege of begging at the prison gate or about town.)
Felonies, which include theft, rape, vagrancy and
murder, are capital crimes. Usually, this means hanging,
but if the judge deems it fit to inflict a greater or longer
agony, that can certainly be arranged as well. The really
creative methods, like quartering and boiling, are gener-
ally reserved for treason. However, evenamedieval hanging
ishardly apicnic; the long swift drop designed to break the
neck and thus make a quick end won't come about for
centuries yet. Even after the malefactor is dead, his body
can continue to serve as an object lesson. Generally, it
hangs all day in the place of execution before being
removed to the town gibbet and left for the carrion birds.
Loved ones may, in several years' time, be permitted to
take down whatever's left and give it a decent burial.
On the other hand, a court may be convinced to issue
alesser sentence, such as flogging, branding or mutilation,
particularly on the first offense. Mutilations often serve
poetic justice by removing the body part responsible for
the crime in question. (Unfortunately, it's easy to mistake
amaimed innocent for such a convict, which is why many
cripples prudently carry papers from their liege lord affirm-
ing their good names.) Branding is less debilitating, but it
suffices to mark the condemned for all time, unless he
happens to know a sympathetic Tzimisce.
Misdemeanors are expiated by any of a number of petty
harassments, most commonly the stocks, the pillory or the
ducking-stool. These artifacts of humiliation stand in places
where they can enjoy the largest possible audience —in the
market, in front of the church or on the common green.
Finally, there's outlawry, which will be covered in
more depth in the next chapter. Outlawry condemns a
man in absentia, after he's fled his trial or his just sen-

IN DARKENED STREETS


From the memoirs of Urraca Beguy-Urdina:
and it tumed, out that a Provengal:judgesis even
gloomierthanan AndalusianqadisI hadrecovered wellenough
from the loss of my. hand some months before, but now Lwas:
condemned tobe hungat theendofatope until the breath was
chokedoutofme.Ihadtohidemyheadandshakemyshoulders
with false sobsso as to hide my. amusement. L knew that my,
undying mastet could avéime from anyiinjury.

Iwassure that he would contrive to visit me that night
in my cell, butonly'the fat confessor camé. Havingnaught
else todo, told him ofall my thieving and fornication and
thuswhiledawayseveral hours; yet within myself] trembled.
Why hadmy lord abandoned me? Was he displeased with.
me for getting caught twice in so short a space?

Butthen theconféssorspoke tome intum,andthewords
werenothisown, butmy belovedmaster's:"My daughter, "he
said, "I cannotcome toyou,fortherulerofthe Damnedin this
city has cleverly summoned me to pay court tonight so as to

SUSPENDATUR

keep you from strangling for the many hours you must hang.
And yet for love of you, have founda way tosave you." Then
the insensible priest slit myneck open with his knife; the life
drained out ofme intothefilthystraw;andfinally, fromalittle
glassvial, [received the gift ofSetwhich'l had so long desired.

Llay there fora long time, burning withhanger but
far too;weak to getup: Then at dawn | woke to the
guards' prodding and elucking. There were 200 people
gathered outside the prison; and how were they to get
their sport:now? In the end) they-decided to' hang
another prisoner who would have died the next day; me
they wrapped.up.in a \winding-cloth and carried out.

T could'feel\ tiny lancets-of sunlight»pricking me
through the cracks in the shroud, overcast though the
morning was. I:bit my lip to keep silent-T'had to trust in
my master's design and pray that he would find a way to
getmetosafety before the men unwrapped me again. The
soldiers were surprised, though I Was not, when they
heard savage shouts from the alleyway alongside us...

prevent me. The blood strength you possess now will never

tence. Anyone with a mind to may kill an outlaw and
collect the price set on his head (The base bounty on an

outlaw in England is, symbolically, the same as that
for sl
s all le

ing a wolf). An outlaw, like a heretic,

=

ly the right to property.

Most sentences, even hanging, can be bought off for
a fine; and even if a court refuses to be persuaded of the
earthly benefits of forgiveness, the monarch may be far
wiser. All too often, the pitiful corpses at the gibbet are
condemned for a failure of the purse, not of the soul.


JUSTICE IN THE East

Byzantine law, like that of Western Europe, is based on
the old Roman codes. There is also a distinction between
religious and secular courts. In Byzantine cities, the eparch
(prefect) oversees trade and guild matters, which includes
judging trials having to do with trade regulations; the
symponos (assessor), his assistant, is charged with keeping
orderand maintains the troops for this purpose; thelogothete
assists the eparch in administering the courts of law. (In
rural areas, things are considerably less organized, although
there isa body of men who serve informally as the police.)
As in the West, imprisonment is a fairly uncommon
punishment compared to floggings and mutilations, largely

ause of the belief that imprisonment unfairly punishes
the offender's dependents. For similar reasons, fines are
likewise uncommon (unlike in the West).

Slavic law, in general, owes much of its form to the
Byzantines. However, Russian law regards physical punish-
ment with unique distaste. Even for murderers, fines and
penancesarea more commonsentence than lossoflifeorlimb.
Ecclesiastical lords as well as secular princes and city officials

(dukes, aldermen, etc.) maintain courts oflaw. Trial by ordeal
and combatare highly regarded, although Westemers, whoare
used to carrying hot irons and boiling their hands, might well
regard the Russian ordeal of kissing the cross as a travesty of
justice. In Novgorod at least, and no doubt in other Russian
cities along the caravan trade route, German merchants are
granted special protections under the law, and trials for their
offenses are conducted differently than trials of the citizenry.

AA CATALOGUE OF
Drvers ROGUES

Scholarly tradition divides society into the three
eternal estates of warrior, priest and peasant. Merchants
and artisans are, to their betters, simply a new and more
presumptuous species of peasant; but one only has to look
at the many cities already bursting out of their first walls
— not to mention the swelling traffic along the trade
routes reopened by the Crusades — to know that the
bourgeoisie have become a force to be reckoned with.

Mortal secular law,and-traditional"Cainite law.
have much intcommon--The prince is.the tiltimate
legal authority just as the mortal monarchis. Codes of
lawand traditions haveweight, but ultimately it isthe.
elder's personal pawet andprivilevethat wins the day
(or the night, as the casé'may-be). Both systems also
| rely heavily on ordeals and-combats and -believesin,
brutally final justice. Cainite courts routinely use trial
| by combat and ordeals of fire and'sunlight:

Even in Cainite principalities where Roman or canon.
lawhashadan influence, the harsher forms of justice remain
in play. Indeed, inquest, exile and excommunication are
only useful when one is dealing with a "civilized" criminal.
Asavage Gangreloraunderhanded Serpenteai'tbe trusted
in such circumstances. Or so the princes claim.

The English institution of the tithing also has echoes
in many Cainite principalities. The longstanding Tradi-
tion of Accounting makes asire responsible for his childer
until their release; this has been expanded among English
andother Cainitéprifcipalities thata sire remains reégpon-
sible for his childet facing justice. Although the childeig
stillaccountableforhis own actionsafter release —itishe,
not his sire, who faces retribution for his crimes —his sire
must ensure that be appears before the prince to face
justice ang afbep i esbunishment imggped. In some
places, those vampires who form coteriesbecomea form of
tithing, responsible for each other'sactions.

/AMPIRES AND KINE JUSTICE
Vampitescan face mortal secular justice just as they
can ecclesiastical, and they face the'same major prob-

CAINITES AND SECULAR-LAW

lems' Proceedings occur during the day, and any expo-
suite of monstrosity will likely lead to a quick trip to the
stake, Because of this;princes usually manipulate events
to deal with troublesome Cainites themselves.

Those who do end up. in a secular trial (and
somehow manage to haye it oceur at night) face fewer
problems than in a Church-trial. For one thing, the
dangers of faith aré-rarely ‘a problem. Those with
Disciplines like Dominate'can-usually influence the
presiding lord®tovfind in their favor, but even those
‘without can usually get through atrial. Mortal trials by
combatare rarely a problem unless the vampire is truly
unskilled or blood-starved; even a lowly neonate can
make short work of an equally armed kine. Trial by
ordeals also far easier when backed by Cainite blood,
with the notable exception of trial by fire.

Even if found guilty, secular punishment need not
be the endfor the vampire. Hanging is hardly a problem
at'all—blood will heal a stretched neck and ceasing to
breathe is quite easy. Mutilation, drawing and quarter-
ing, and other more traumatic punishments can be fatal
even to vampires, but not necessarily so.

Ironically itis not the intensity, but the duration
of the punishment that is most problematic. The
Cainite vulnerability, to sunlight means that even a
short stint in a pillory or having one's hanged "body"
exposed for days and weeks'on end is a sentence of
Final Death. In these eases, the-vampire either ar-
ranges to be spared the expostife orescapes before it
is too late.


It'steally the most pressing question ofa military man's
existence: What to do in between wars? Some are rich
enough toamuse themselves with the sortofentertainment
nobles prefer. However, it takes many men to fight a
campaign, and not all of those trained to fight enjoy the
privileges of knighthood and land; furthermore, even arich
man.can succumb to the lure of shining gold languishing in
the purses of the weak. For the most part, larcenous soldiers
fall into brigandage, which takes them outside the scope of
this chapter (although brigands do frequently go into the
towns to spend their loot, or even to raid the market on
market-days). For those who do become city-dwellers,
employment can often be found with a noble, politician or
merchant who has enemies to get rid of and no more
Christian means fordoingso. Alternatively, they may goto
work for the government; the best graft is naturally reserved
forhigh officials (whose posts are effectively a grant of legal
immunity from themselves, their relatives and their richer
friends), but even a humble sergeant of the watch may be
able to extract a little silver here and there from ne'er-do-
wells who wish to purchase his inattention.

Tuos— Wuo Pray

The medieval Church could be described, by the un-
godly of course, as a very efficient machine for converting
piety into currency. Collected tithes must filter their way

upward through asteep bureaucratic pyramid, and the book-
keeping is sufficiently obtuse to hide any number of sins —
especially since said books are kept in Roman numerals.
Simony, a grave yet popular offense against canon law,
includes such diverse crimes as selling relics, blessed oils,
rosaries and holy water; charging for the performance of the
sacraments; and trafficking in benefices. However, since
"charginga fee" looks remarkably like "acceptingalms" tothe
careless observer, most simony can and does go unpunished.

Added to thisare frequent opportunities to mismanage
the large bequests that govern hospitals (which serve as free
shelters for paupers and travelers, as well as the infirm) and
lazar-houses; prelates repeatedly condemn the many re-
ports of clerics renting out the rooms and beds for personal
profit, or even of harboring criminals, harlots and Jews. All
these practices, though perhaps not as widespread as hereti-
cal rabble-rousers like to claim, are common enough that
most folk simply take them for granted.

Should one's cupidity need further accommodation,
‘one can always take up a more actively sinful sideline.
Simony can be compounded with out-and-out deceit by
doctoring up fake relics, or simply bottling and selling more
oil than one could ever have time to consecrate. Then there
are those evildoers who pass themselves off as one of the
Pope's pardoners (quaestores), offering remission for this or
thatsin foras little as halfpenny apiece. Afterall, how many

fishmongers and wheelwrights know what areal indulgence
ASHEN THIEF

from Rome looks like? Should such an impostor feel the prick
ofguiltathiscrimes, hecan comfort himselfthateven bishops
occasionally forge the papal seal in order to expedite a
transaction. Pardoners also have the right to preach; many
have been known to station themselves in front of churches
and shout their sermons so loudly as to drown out the service
going on inside, thus diverting the alms that would normally
go to the poor-box into their pockets.

A fair number of clerics never really intended to give
Mother Church their sacred devotion — or even their
honest labor—in the first place. Instead, they see their vows
mainly as cover for a criminal career. Such people usually
take minor orders, the minimum commitment needed to
secure benefit of clergy. (Minor orders confer one of four
titles: acolyte, exorcist, lector or doorkeeper. However, the
percentage of clerks who actually perform those duties is
embarrassingly low. It's seen mainly as a pledge of intent to
enter the priesthood.) These minor clerks, like priests, can
be stripped of their status, but a ceremony is required to do
so, and frankly, most of them aren'tworth the bother so long
as they confine their mischief to the secular world.

Then there are others who didn't actively set out to fall
from grace, but found their way down easily enough. Stu-
dents who belatedly realize their distaste for the trivium;
other students who like the trivium well enough but reach
the bottom of their fathers' purses by the end of the first year;
students who've finished their degrees but can't find two
benefices to rub together; runaway and expelled monks and
nuns; mendicant preachers trying to live on meageralms—
all these folk swell the ranks of unruly clergy. To theircredit,
however, they've also produced a class of wandering poets
called goliards, whose exquisite verse almost manages to
elevate its usual subjects of dicing, sex and drink.

THos—E WHo Work
Cr THey Must)

Considering the example set by the more privileged
classes, it's not all that surprising that some laborers and
tradesmen decide they, too, are entitled to whatever
their cleverness can earn them.

‘VAGRANCY

Most citizens manage to get along well enough on the
revenues fromalegitimate trade (orseveral legitimate trades).
But wars, plagues, famines and other vagaries periodically
dampen a town's economy, putting large numbers of people
out of work, and when one town suffers, its refugees scatter
into others, Nor are refugees the only people on the run in
Dark Medieval society. Runaway serfs and apprentices also
seek cover in the tangle of foreign streets, lest they be caught
and prosecuted by their former masters,

Such folk can often find no other means of living but
begging, yet society frowns on begging by the able-bodied. As
a result, many have tumed to fraud of one sort or another.


Sores or amputations can be faked by cooking up colored
uunguents and draping the clothes to hide bound-up limbs;
darker rumors circulate of men and women deliberately
maiming themselves or their children. Alternatively, one
can sew a badge onto one's cloak and pose as a wanderer on
holy pilgrimage, ora foreign merchantwho'sjustbeen robbed
orevenan escaped Christian slave of the infidels, desperately
inneed of funds for ransoming fellow slaves. In an age where
charity given on Earth isdirectly depositedtoone'sHeavenly
account, a fine career can be made on public pity.

FALSE-SEEMING

Forthose too good tobeg, other forms of deception may
permit a more dignified lifestyle. Some outwardly respect-
able merchants clip a little off the edge of the coins they're
paid in, then melt down the collected shavings into ingots
—or, should they feel ready to darea charge of treason, they
might alloy it with a cheaper metal and use the alloy to
counterfeit coins. (If they do, they're in good company. The
officials who mint the royal coinage are frequently accused
ofthe same crime; indeed, Henry I became so convinced of
widespread corruption among his moneyers that in 1134 he
gave orders foreach of them tobe deprived of right hand and
testicles.) For this reason, visitors to a city should expect
their coin to be bitten, bent and rung on the counter to
withinan inch ofits life. Other tradesmen skim off the other
end of the transaction by adulterating their scale-weights;
millers are especially notorious for this offense.

Ifa man knows how to read and write, he can forge
official documents — credentials, writs of novel dissei-
sin, etc. — and thereby defraud others of money or land.
Nor is this talent useful only among mortals. However,
inorder to succeed in his task, aforger must not only copy

MisERICORDIE

To Her Most Génerous Worthiness, Heloise of
Paris, from-your sister in-suffering, Genevieve of
London, heartfelt greetings.

This poor humble Jew who comes to you, Hétouyn
deSessane (youmnayreadilyidenitifyhim by thescar in the
shap¢ of an upsilon which mounts his left cheek), is the
manImentionedwhenwe metonSt. Aquinas Feast, and
whom you urgently wished to see. He hasbegged outside
the synagogue at Troyes for the past 15 years and heard
much of the conversation within and without. Nodoubt
he can shed considerable light upon thedoings of your
rival Mosse. My Brujah colleague was loath: to part with
such an informative companion, especially one who can
spy for him in the Jewish. quarter; but Iypressed your
petition until he gave in. | now:commend this man to
your care) hoping that-you-willcremembéc kindly your
Ragged Jenny and all-her small services to you.

By my handat- London, Quasimodo Sunday,
Year of Our Lord 1197:

CAINITES HND' VAGRANCY:

Vagrancy is a blessing to those Cainites who feed at
the bottom of the medieval social order and thase who
wish to move about unseen. Nosferatu are infamous for
feeding on beggars, lepersand the infirm, but many other
young childerdosoas well. Intimesoffamineoreconomic
downtum, when refugees move actoss Europe, enterpris-
ing Ravnos and Setites can-much ‘more ¢asily sneak
through principalities that have banned their kind.

For those who rule the night fromon high — the
Magister, Patrician and Attisan princes — vagrancy is
apox forthesame reasons. Crowdsofhuman refuse can
hide enemies and undesirables, and they create need-
less disorder among the principality's sedentary herd.
Few Cainites pritices can eliminate vagrancy itself, so
the most successful tactic is to findallies who can move
about the wretches. Several upstanding Ventrue princes
employ Nosferatu scourges who seek out unwelcome
visitors among refugees and beggars.

the appropriate court hand, he must affix a convincing
seal to the document as well. Many simply purchase a
legitimate writ from a crooked official and transfer the
seal from the old parchment to the new. Others steal or
manufacture a stamp, but this, like counterfeiting, is
usually considered a treasonable activity —and one who
stands accused of treason may not claim the benefit of
clergy normally granted to the literate.

The illiterate, meanwhile, can content themselves
with actually impersonating an official, or even aservant
of an official. Mortal governments operate on influence-
peddling, just like Cainite principalities; those who work
forabishop, a rich abbess ora provost can make a fortune
simply by promising to whisper a few words in their
employers' ears. A suitable wardrobe, a bulging purse and
a bit of patter often suffice to convince the gullible that
they're dealing with someone important.

Other breeds of impostor include the quack doctor,
who can quote just enough Galen to ape a university
education (and, given the state of Western medicine, may
have a success rate depressingly similar to that of his bona
fide colleagues). The quack sorcerer, too, can prescribe
cures for various ailments; or, showing off his alchemist's
apparatus and cabalistic seals, he might persuade a young
wife or freshman student to give him gold and jewelry,
which he promises by enchantment to double or triple in
quantity. Needless to say, he then absconds with the
treasure or else returns with a heap of cut glass and bras:
Far less effort is required for a man to make his living
cheating with loaded dice or misrepresenting his skill at
draughts, ringing-the-bull or some other tavern game.

Finally, there are those who use deception to lure a mark
into parting with bodily caution as wellas money. In La6n, for

IN DARKENED STREETS


example, according to Guibert of Nogent, the townsfolk like
to pose as grain merchants, carrying around cups of corn or
barley, which they show to interested shoppers as proof of
their wares' quality. They then make a deal for a larger
purchase, but naturally the canny buyer will demand to see
the rest of the grain before money changes hands. He is duly
led toa tall grain bin and invited to look down inside; while
thus occupied, the "merchant" pushes him off-balance so
thathe falls into the bin. From there, his only way of escaping
is to pay whatever price his captor demands.

HARLOTRY

Few would dare claim that prostitution is anything but
a vile sin. Of course it is — it combines lust with greed.
However, even venerable theologians agree with St. Augus-
tine that if it were not for the harlot, men's dammed-up lusts
would burst loose and destroy the public order. Although she
damns herself in the process, she ultimately benefits society.
Thus, prostitution is legal throughout Western Europe.

Men of gentle birth keep their own private harems, sized
and assembled to suit personal taste. (In 1170, the Abbot of
San Pelayo reportedly had 70 girls soemployed.) Most others
seek their adventure in the districts specially set aside for it,

CAINITES AND FALSE-SEEMING

By dint of the Sixth Tradition — the Silence of
Blood — and the mere fact that passing amongst
humans is easier as.one of them, most Cainites are
skilled at some form of disguise and false-seeming.
(Disciplines like Obfuscate and Vicissitude bring
this practice to'a whole new level.) Vampires (as
previously noted) are also better able than many
humans to arrive inva new atea and rapidly establish
a new identity, if only by the powers of their blood.

False-seeming within Cainite circles is a more
serious matter. Because the "mark" may well have
Auspex, fraud through simple Disciplines is far from
reliable. Most princes put a great deal of importance
on lineage (both in terms of clan, and also specific
sires and grandsires), which creates an incentive for
some to misrepresent themselves — and for the
prince to punish sucha erime most severely. In many
courts, false-seeming leads to blood hunts.

Followers of Set and Ravnos are masters of false-
seeming, if only because many courts ban their kind
outright. They are not the only vampires to hide their
true selves, however. In Hungary, Tzimisce voivodes,
Ventrue princesand Tremere regents alike have royally
feted a certain well-spoken Ventrue, apparently a
defrocked priest, whoclaimed to have beensentby their
enemies to negotiate a truce and bore what looked like
genuine letters of credence. Of course, they alll leamed
months after his departure that none of their goodwill
gifts or urgent messages reached their destinations.

ASHEN THIEF

which may sport descriptive names for the tourists' benefit:
Gropecuntlane inLondonand theRue Pousse-Penil (Pushprick
Alley) in Blois are but two examples. Such districts are often,
but not always, located just outside the city walls.

Public baths—called "stew-houses" in England—serve
double duty as whorehouses. Many inns and taverns also
operate more or less openly in this capacity. Some houses,
however, exist solely as brothels, and city governments,
universities and churchmen do not blush to be their official
landlords. In fact, investing ina fine brothel is rightly seen as
an excellent way to raise funds for worthier endeavors.

Regulations for the tolerated houses and harlots vary
from area to area. The Italian states are the most severe
in their requirements, and thus have the most trouble
enforcing them; the rest of Western Europe contents
itself with laws meant to ensure that business is con-
ducted in a relatively orderly and taxable fashion.

It should go without saying, but doesn't: Priests may
not frequent prostitutes. Jews are usually forbidden as well.
Ofcourse, regulations do no good if they're unenforceable;
thus, licensed prostitutes may be required to wear some
sort of identifying badge, such as a special ribbon or cloak.

Plainly, prostitution isn't the moneymaker for criminals
that it will become in future nights— how canitbe, when the
tuling class openly and jealously profits from it? However,
outside the recognized bawdy houses, one can find a huge
number of unsanctioned operators. Some brothels try to
divert official notice, lest they be forced to observe all the
tiresome rules and taxes or, as is more likely, pay for the
selective enforcement of the same. This is especially true for
those houses that cater to clients with unusually sinful tastes.
Then there are all the unlicensed (and frequently larcenous)
streetwalkersand courtesans, some full-time, some part-time,
who for whatever reason don't wish to declare as prostitutes,
and their procurers and procuresses, who actually attract
more scorn from the courts than the girls themselves.

The foregoing has only mentioned the prostitution of
women, but certainly no slight is intended to the thousands
of catamites similarly employed throughout Europe. (Ca-
reer prostitutes who cater to female customers are unheard
of, although ladies of wealth and influence certainly have
little trouble attracting companionship whenever they
wish.) Although secular authorities prescribe the death
penalty for homosexuality — whether professional orama-
teur — and Church penitentials list harsh penances for
sodomy, relatively few cases are ever brought to trial.
Indeed, sodomy (and the less examined, but still definitely
wicked, Sapphic vice) flourishes as never before in a num-
ber of settings, including monasteries, convents and royal
courts — at least, if the moralists are to be believed.

THIEVERY
Thievery is practiced in much the same forms that it has

been for centuries. Pockets per se don't yet exist, but purses
and cutpursescertainly do, Moreover, valuables are carried in


OscaLuM. INFAME

FromThe Tridl'of Rixenda de Luzia, Concubine wo the
Deuily1242 (Bib.etTab.deS.Leopold,65C-2802AD 1242):

‘Then he took her tothe question again and said,
You have told me that during your immoral congress
with the men.of the city, you frequently drink of their
blood, and this is whatsecures your etemal youth? And
she said, Yes, sir, that isso. And he asked, How is it that
they donot die? And she said, sir, the pain is sharp but
the wound I make is small; behold the teeth the Devil
gave me for the purpose. And he'said, Methinks they
wouldstill seek to find the source of that pricking. And
she answered, They are lost in the supernal joy of my
caresses, and they notice it not, nordoithey see how |
divest them of theirjewelry. Andhe said; No doubt you
wereawhore even before youwentto the Devil, andshe
answered, Sir, it is true; but even if | had been a nun, |
should have turned to this trade upon gaining my
immortality, for no one questions why a harlot should
be about after curfew, and my prey come to me eagerly,
which they wouldnotifl mademy truenature known. ...

the ends of knotted sleeves or in the skirts of the undertunic
(called the chainse); although these are harder to get at by
sleight-of-hand, brute force can accomplish the feat nicely.

Housebreaking is a trickier endeavor. Locks on doors
are a privilege for the well-to-do, but many people have
locking chests for their valuables, and some even carry

CAINITES AND HARLOTRY

Brothels and stew-hotises are among the best of all
urban feeding grounds for the childer of Caine. An.
assortmentof men visit and are supremely distracted —
endingavisitsomewhatweakandpale hardly causesany
concer at all in a:satisfied customer. The type of
whorehousea vampire frequents oroversees dependson
hisorhertaste for blood and herd—some lounge in the
hareths of the tppercrust, others rit in the stew-houses
(legaland otherwise) of the lower class.

These feeding grounds areso desirable that they can
be thesité of dangerous tettitorial struggles: Imagine the
case of a-Cainité who nuns a brothel and feeds on the
customers,andanotherwho uses the brothel and feeds on.
the girls; a better recipe for disaster is hard to come by. In
many of the larger cities of Europe, the'prinice (or his
representative) has had to lay. down the law to keep the
peace. Insomeplacesall the major brothelsaredésignated
Elysiuim and open toll who remain inthe prince's good
graces. In other areas, each brothel is recognized as the
domain ofa particular Cainite — others may use it only
at herpleasure. Those who would violate suchaban have
toface the brothel's ruler (andthe many harlotghoulsshe

padlocks for mobile security. Keys are generally worn on
someone's belt all day, whether that of the lady of the house
or of the seneschal. The locking mechanisms themselves,
however, are far cruder than they will be in the coming
centuries, so much so that locksmiths frequently resort to
hidden keyholes as an additional protective measure.
Heavy bars secure the outer (typically double) doors
ofa good house. Inner doors usually havea latch only, but
the latchstring which hangs on the outside, permitting
someone to work it from the other side, is drawn back
inside whenever the family retires or simply wishes
privacy. Even those too poor fora proper latch can secure
their doors with knotted rope. Windows are shuttered on
at least the lower floors. Since shop fronts are not
boarded up at night, merchants generally take every-
thing they can upstairs to be locked up. Finally, and most
importantly, houses are rarely completely empty. In this

CAINITES AND THIEVERY |

Cainites have all the mortal motivations for thiev-
ery and housebreaking, and a few supernatural ones.
Some enter homes to feed, others to use various blood |
arts to enslave or torment the (often sleeping) kine |
within. Madmen may twist the dreams of their victims,
while Patricians slowly create slaves of burghers and
wealthy merchants:Bitthiee nights of forceful blood |
feeding can create a convenient thrall as well. |

‘Armed with the right Disciplines} vampire makes
anexcellentsnatch-thief Obfuscate and Chimerstry are
supremely well-tailored forthis purpose, butthe strength
of Potence andspéed of Gelerity cat help divest almost
anyone of whatever they may be carrying, Housebreak-
ingisalittlembrecomplex, Certainlycertain applications |
of Protean and Obtenebration can make-entering a
house simple, but few vampires have access to such arts |
— and fewer' still who would lower themselves to |
thievery in‘ a city. It is most common--for Cainite |
housebreakers to simply use their superior strength and
endurance to climb up to less well-locked windows or to
use stealth to sneak past any guards. A band of Cainite
thieves ¢an also bring to beara variety of skills.

For the most part, stealing from: mortals and break-
ingintotheirhomes—as longasit doesn' tinterfere with
an eldet's games or cause undue panicsisallowable as
faras the prince concernéd; violating vampire's haven |
is another ihattet entifely. To brealyinto'a labyrinth or |
havenisaclearviolation of the Tradition of Domainand
punishable by blood hunt in most areas. That isnottosay |
that such violations do.not occur, only that they are |
dangerous indeed. The Assafnites' reported ability to get
into havens regardless of any defenses is one of the main
reasons the "Saracen threat" causes terror in many
European principalities.

| has on hand) and ultimately the wrath of the prince.

IN DARKENED STREETS


era, gangs of thieves tend to be fairly small and indepen-
dent, although they may certainly have dealings with
any number of people, from fences to court summoners.

Marder

Murder for hire is another ancient enterprise. Men
of rank can usually find a way to justify any killing they
may perform or order, and thus tend to use the forces
already at their disposal to do so, ie., their troops and
bodyguards. However, as any Lasombra could tell you,
there are times when itsimply won't do to have the blood
traced back to one's own doorstep — for example, when
one is plotting against one's own liege lord; and even
commoners occasionally go to the expense of hiring a
thug to satisfy some injury for them. As with thieves,
however, no large-scale order of professional assassins
existsin the West. Would-be employers must take whom-
ever they can find among the professional champions,
tavern rowdies and so forth — the men collectively
known as ribauz (good-for-nothings) in France.

Sometimesbloodshed ona larger scale is required. In the
cities, one can bring this about by riling up the nascent craft-
guilds, whorarely hesitate todefend their hard-won privileges
—orberter yet, the masses of unprivileged workers (appren-
tices and journeymen, members of unrepresented trades, and
other menials), whose hatred of merchants and clerics is all
too easily ignited. (literally — setting buildings ablaze is a
time-honored method of voicing public displeasure, and
considering how rapidly fires spread in the wooden bramble
ofa medieval city, Cainites have every right to quake at the

CAINITES AND, MurDER

Predators and)parasites; Cainites aré some of the
greatest murderers of Dark Medieval Europe. While
many ‘vampires feed carefully, leaving theit prey
weak but alive,.not everyone is so discriminating.
Accidents do happenas well and, the Beast can be
strong.Because of this, most Gainites are quiteskilled
at~disposing. of bodies, usually stripping them. of
clothes, defacing them and dropping them. in poor
areas of the‘city or'at the bottom of some marsh.

Cainites can anddo makea living as hired killers.
Murder proyidesan excellent yenue forfeeding, anda
Cainité can gaina great deal of influence by remem
bering who has hited him to kill whomSuccessful
murderers often form bands, sending ghouls outto do
the actual killing while they-reap the rewards.

Murdét.of fellow-vampires-is obviously much
more serious as it violates the Tradition of Destruc-
tion. Those who Can'kill and-get away with it are
supremely skilled and' stealthy They can become
quite powerful becausé the séryice they provide is
invaluable to an ambitious elder who wishes to
eliminate rivals without going to war.

prospect of mob violence.) Heretics, too, cherish the vision
of a utopia where the god Mammon is overturned and
impious rulers receive their just due; a clever orator can win
himself an instant army by appealing to it.

PRINCES OF THIEVES:
AWN iG AMONG
THE PROMETHEANS

Oh, do hurry up. Yes, yes, it's lovely piece. Belonged to
the Emperor Justinian. Many men have died for the privilege
of holding it, gloating overit, listing itin their account books,
imagining briefly that it was theirs. How fleeting fortune, ch?
Ifwedidn'thave real business to attend to tonight, I'dlet your
Toreador senses revel in it for as long as they pleased. Come
along now, or must I blindfold you again?

Here weare. Remember this knock. Twice in the middle
of the door, wait a moment, then three times on the frame.

Peter, good evening. This is Peter the Lombard of Clan
Ventrue, mycompanion inarms. Mademoiselle Urraca Beguy-
Urdina belongs to the snake-clan—ah, excuse me, my dear—
the Egyptians, yes. Don't trouble yourself over her; even a
serpent may be charmed by the right tune, isn't that so,
mademoiselle? Our two Johns: John of St. Albans, your clan
brother, and John 6 Conlae of the Brujah. I'm afraid Monsieur
Berengar cannot doff his enchanted hood to you, not until we
know how farwe can trust you. His masters in Ceoris would be
most displeased to leam of his secret allegiance. Nor will yoube
seeing the true face of our Ragged Jenny, but for that you're
undoubtedly grateful. We are lucky to have Madame Divya
here to report on our progress in the eastern reaches. Have you
ever heard of the Ravnos clan? Well, now you have.

Sit down. Please understand that we don't usually
invite outsiders to these meetings. It's only because I've
told them we would benefit greatly from your joining...
and because I know that a man with your penchant for
honor would never betray one to whom he owed his life.

Yes, you do indeed owe me your life... or your exist-
ence, I should say. I'll elaborate, but first, listen and learn.

Maen Nominis UMBRA

Wecall ourselves Prometheans. Truth be told, you've
actually deduced quite alot about us already. As Cainites
and Cainite brotherhoods go, we are quite young. The
name lends a certain aura of antique sophistication, but
you mustn't think we're pretending to be something
we're not. We borrowed the name purely for its allegory.
As Prometheus stole fire from the gods and brought it to
Man, so we will bring the flame of a new society.

Similarly, we borrow the legend of Carthage. As a
dutiful son, you've no doubt heard all the familiar bogey-
stories Toreador and Ventrue grandsires like to tell about


the place. Well, frankly, | find them irrelevant. Perhaps it
was an eighth wonder of the world, a vision of harmony;
perhaps it was a monument to hubris, built upon the
corpses of human children. Does it really matter? Nothing
remains of Carthage now but magni nominis umbra— the
shadow ofa great name. That dream is what we quest after,
since the historical truth is now lost to us.

Please. Sit, sir. You misunderstand. At present, we
don't betray the ancient injunction of Silence — any
more than anyone else does, anyway. We choose a
trusted few to receive our blood and be bound into our
service. The time for a wider revelation will come.

Why, the time when our ends have been achieved,
that's what. Think for a moment. Think of those you
serve. What have they wrought with the power granted to
them? Have they shepherded the mortals as they should?
Have they guided you and your siblings to the heights
worthy of your immortality, or have they set you one
against the other, laughing up their sleeves as you fight for
whatever little scraps of sustenance their greed leaves you?

Well, that can change, my friend. The mere fact that we
flourish right under their noses — not only here, but in towns
great and small throughout Christendom —should prove to
you that your elders neither know all nor control all. There are
many feasts laid for us, ifwe only have the patience to look for
them. The fare's less hearty, perhaps, but all the better to keep

us lean and tough. Can you afford to disdain it? Do you not
appreciate the poetry of dispossessed Cainites ruling dispos-
sessed mortals, and conqueringthrough theircombined might?

But enough of rhetoric. You will get a better idea
from listening to the particulars — Peter, perhaps you'd
like to speak of your endeavors?

EXPLOITS AND EXPLOITERS

VENTRUE AND LASOMBRA

My endeavors, eh? Perhaps I owe a word of explanation
toour guest first. Youstarteda bitwhen yousaw me, sir. Don't
tell me you've never seen a man come back from the dead?

Yes, | arranged it all. The fire, everything. I was well
out of there by the time the blaze flared up, Lassure you. My
sire has always accused me of impatience. I suppose it got
the better of me at last. But consider this: would you care
to wait a century and a half to be trusted and enfeoffed,
treated as a cherished vassal rather than a slave?

That is true, sit: Ventrue don't normally care to deal
with human rabble. They aim their intrigues directly at
the throne. Why settle for anything less than your true
desire? Itis a testament to my sire's mightand tenacity that
no rival has ever broken his hold on the dukes. Obviously,
Thad no hope of opposing him with the resources then at
my disposal — the resources he allowed me to possess.


Wuo ARE THE PROMETHEANS?
Allright, inplain English now: The Prometheans
are a loose band of Cainite visionaries and revolu-
tionaries that has cropped up in the cities of the Dark
Medieval world. They believe in a semi-utopian
‘New Carthage," a new covenant between Cainite
| and kine that (they believe) would be mutually
beneficial. Their dreams ofthe future are not terribly
well-developed, but they'stand in contrast to the
established system of prince and lackey, of the Si-
lence of Blood and of the power of the clans.

The Firebringets (as they are sometimes called)
have managed to grow by operating among the messy
fringes of urban society. Most of the powerful princes
whom they despise use the power offeudal lords or the
Chiirch Sa front, goby feeding from and manipulating
harlots and thieves the Prometheans have thus far
avoided a great deal of notice. They have also been
quite cautigus, prepating the! wayifor a‘tevolt of sorts
but not yet going through with it.

The Prometheans' are, present, in most of the
significant European cities, including Paris, London,
Venice and Milan. They do not control the criminal
world in these places, but have influence and contacts
within it. In some places they are the predominant
vampiric influence over one of more types of mortal
miscreants, in other areas they are in active competi-
tion with various other Cainites: Local Prometheans
are responsible for ensuring their own influence.

RUMORS AND SapposiTIONs

Anyone talking about New, Carthage is going to
attractattention from the Brujah. Thereare those Zealots
wholookonwhat should just be another band of Furores
and see the workings of their brethren. Rumors run wild
thatoneelderBrujah oranothetereated the Prometheans
as a way to advance his or her utopian ideal'

Such rumors bubble up inside the movement as
well. Although a council of various Firebringers sup-
posedly directs the movement, many members wonder
if an elder isn't pulling the strings from some hidden
labyrinth, as such ancient creatures are wont to do.

For the time being the truth remains a mystery.

What was it to me to rule a barony or county under him,
when I knew he'd never let me rule as I saw fit?

My new charge is much more to my liking. Anthony
studies the old legendsand moderates the dialogues by which
we arrive at our philosophy. He talks about how these
miserable creatures, these thieves, murderersand vagabonds,
may be shaped into men and made to serve a higher cause. I,
however, put theory into practice. When they come to me,
they know how to cut the throat of a fat merchant and little
ASHEN THIEF

more; by the time I'm finished, they can cause a knight to be
thrown from his horse, defend themselves against his lance,
sword and mace, and even hold a formation under cavalry
charge. I am assisted in this by my serjanz, good men all,
fighting men who've fallen on hard times.

Of course few of them realize what they're really being
trained for. They know only that our little guild cares for
their welfare. But the same skills that allow them todispatch
abailifforknightof the watch will also prepare them tofight
as true soldiers when the inevitable night arrives. And for
the nonce, they serve a more immediate purpose. I require
every man who trains under me to serve once a week in our
own version of the city watch. Should they hear the hue-
and-cry raised in their area, they are to rescue the miscreant
and bring him to us; in their reliefat finding that their necks
haveslipped the noose, many men—anda few ladiesas well
— have agreed to join us on the spot.

While I have the floor, I should proceed to my
report, my true task for the evening. If our dear guest will
suffer me to do so? Thank you.

My brothers and sisters, I've studied the letters of our
missionaries, and journeyed to over a dozen towns to
speak with various prospects, and I must tell you that I
despair of recruiting many more of my blood. Although
enough of them chafe as I did under the burdens of their
elders, they're too proud yet to pursue glory by such
"indirect and ignoble" means as we propose.

Peace, friends; the words are theirs, not mine, and of
course it's pure hypocrisy. Do my Ventrue colleagues dis-
dain to attach themselves to corrupt royal ministers and
crooked sheriffs, to have the tax collectors assess the people
for outrageous amounts, and then bury their thievery in a
mountain of parchment? Do they mind being landlords for
whores, or purchasing benefices from simoniacal priests?
No. They profit from evil as much as we do, and with no
higher purpose in mind than lining their own purses; but so
long as their foul proxies are at least well-born, they're
perfectly satisfied. The tragedy of it is they make more from
these gentlemen'scrimesin one month than Jenny's thieves
and beggars could produce in a year!

And if the Ventrue fancy ita debasement to become
Prometheans, you can well imagine what the Lasombra
say; their vanity forbids them to traffic overmuch with
Cainites of lesser blood, to say nothing of mortal com-
moners. Most of the shadow-mongers | tried to approach
wouldn't even hear me out.

Even so, Saint Jude be praised, I can boast a modest
success — particularly with those trod under Dame
Fortune's heel. There is a Lasombra, who once served as
vizier for an Andalusian prince but then fell out of favor.
He longs for revenge against his former liege, and would
bargain with the Devil himself to obtain that end. Then
in Lombardy | met a pair of Ventrue brothers who have
had the blood hunt called on them for revealing them-


selves to their mortal family. There are a few others, all
in need, all deprived forever of the clan honor which
might otherwise prevent them from joining us.

Yes, I realize that desperation alone isnot sufficient to
recommend these men to our cause. They must accept the
idea that a ruler serves the interests of his people, not vice
versa; or else they'll turn and crush their mortal tools as
soonas they have what they want, and there goes our new
Carthage. I further concede thatsuchanotion comes hard
to these noble Cainites. But they are eager to prove
themselves tous... Isay we give them the chance. Besides,
I prodded them as subtly as I could before revealing my
true intentions, and their thoughts on the subject of
justice showed that they already knew the essential truth.

Ah, and what is the essential truth, our guest wants to
know? Why, I thoughtit had become plain by now, dear sir.
Both a king and a street thief get into your purse whether
you like it or no; the only difference between them is that
society abets one and condemns the other. Should the
whim of society change, a street thief may become a king
and vice versa. This is not idle speculation, but historical
fact. Trace any great lineage back far enough and you will
find the unscrupulous commoner who started it all.

And now, my brothers and sisters, you have the pith
of my report. Since the summer nights are short, | will
observe the virtue of brevity and give the floor to our
librarian of St. Albans.

TOREADOR

Assistant librarian, now. Would that | could continue
to enjoy my former honors, but as they say, man proposes
and God disposes; I have not shown my face openly in the
cloister for many years. Dominus vobiscum, my son.

As you all know, the Church harbors a number of
Toreador. Unfortunately, despite their lofty talk of char-
ity toward the mortals, most of them are too well-fed and
luxurious to wish a place among us. They prefer to take
their little slice from the top, ensconcing themselves in
arich abbey or cultivating a bishop's chamberlain. And
yet exceptions abound. In the great archbishoprics, our
elders have spawned large broods to help them adminis-
trate theirholdings, and there simply isn'tenough revenue
or prestige to go round. Such scarcity calls clever men to
more extreme measures; Deo gratias, | have convinced
several of these to bring their resources to our aid.

In Reims, I found a fellow Benedictine and his three
childer who have all turned their exquisite skills of callig-
raphy to forging episcopal and even papal writs. A veritable
swarm of mortal counterfeiters huddles in their little hospi-
talin the foreign quarter. In Paris, a Toreador barely 50 years
in the Blood has made such a successful venture of procur-
ingforthe humbler grades of cleric that he knows the pillow
talk of every penny-grubbing vicar and starving lecturer in
the city. Even better, the poorer clerks on the bishop's staff
have begun coming to him. As part of the price of his

initiation, he provided me with a half-dozen letters, corre-
spondence between the bishop and a papal legate, which
these ladshad copied on the sly for him; by comparing them
with other intelligence in my possession, I believe | have
uncovered another of my grandsire's wicked plots. But I'll
save that account for later in the evening.

Sacrilege, say you? Well, if Holy Mother Church truly
were Christ's vicar on earth still, | might agree. Buteven if you
havenotbeen tothe Papal States yourself, yousurely know that
they areaden of Lasombra cozenage. Have you ever kissed the
ring of the Archbishop of Canterbury? Would you do it again,
if I told you his household has more blood-slaves in it than
untainted men? Then don't speak to me of sacrilege. My
grandsire battens on the corruption of king and prelate; I shall
profit from the sins of humbler men, and use those profits to
liberate them. It may not look like it, but this is God's work.

Pardon me, sir, | must return to my catalog of recruits.
At Anthony's fervent pleading, I have finally begun to
search among the laymen of my clan, and am pleased to
report that a young Minnesinger has joined us. That may
not sound like much of an accomplishment, until you
consider that by virtue of his melting voice, he is wel-
comed in courts all over the Holy Roman Empire. Such
menare rarely slow with news. Moreover, he promises that
he will cultivate any kindred spirits he may run across.
Afterall, society treats a poor goliard or vagante singer little
better than a thief, and what inflames the hearts of the
downtrodden better than a bit of satiric verse?

Our most promising acquisition, however, dwells in
Rouen. He is the ruler of a group of mendicant preachers,
too dirty and heretical to interest anyone else. With
regular infusions of his vitae and a little training, these
men have learned to move sinning souls so deeply that
even a crowd of stonecutters will weep and give up their
hard-earned wages. He told me that if he wished it, his
brothers could whip the people into such a fury that the
city would topple ina day. I have urged him to be careful;
after all, the same city burned Eudes de L'Etoile a mere
lifetime ago, and he wasn't nearly as radical. Still, when
the time comes, would it not be helpful to have an order
of preachers ready to stir our brewing pot? I have asked
him to send one of them to us to learn the Saxon tongue.

Which brings me to my final item. From heresy that is
heresy merely because itdares to teach the true humility and
poverty of Christ, I turn to the Cathars of Languedoc. Some
of our colleagues like to insist that the Toreador who belong
to this — I hardly dare call it "faith" — would make
excellent allies, because they have turned their backs on
luxury. I would suggest to you that the riches of Toulouse,
the grandeur of their heretic cathedral, the finely wrought
yet morally debased poems of their troubadours, indicate
otherwise. If we must have Albigensiansamongus, letthem
at least be sincere in their asceticism, like the Nosferatu
perfecti that Ragged Jenny has brought into our fold.

IN DARKENED STREETS


I'm sure Jenny has many other such successes to
recount tonight, so | will now yield to her. Milady.

NosFERATU AND CAPPADOCIANS

My, we are polite. Yes, it's true — there are many of my
blood among the Cathars, and a good two dozen of those
support our cause most fervently. But why does it surprise you
that we tolerate such folk among us? Although we don'tagree
with them onal points, we certainly believe that the modem
Church has fallen from grace, perhaps forever. And for their
part, as they question the Whore of Rome, often enough they
come to question the other whores who rule us— mortal and
immortal. Thesamegoesforotherhereticsaswell: Waldensians,
Manicheans, even the infidel Sufis of Spain. Al dare fiery
death to preach a world of true brotherhood, and some go
further yet. Though L'Etoile, as Brother John remarked, came
to a bad end, he and his raging followers did quite a job of
redistributing the wealth of Brittany... but | see I'm upsetting
you. Shall I move on to less presumptuous forms of mischief?

Very well. Let us discuss the beggars and cutpurses. I've
begun following 6 Conlae's suggestions on the matter. The
beggar-bands we rule are now organized on the model of the
trade guild. Each beggar, upon joining us, must choose a
specialty and stick to it, and their dues to the guild are graded
according to their expected income. For instance,amanwho
plays the part of a robbed merchant must pay more than a
woman who simply stands in front of the church and feigns
anattack of the fallingsickness, andshe in tum shall pay more
than a genuine leper. A portion of the dues goes to Peter's
menfortheirgallantprotection, while the remainder issaved
up for bribes and expenses. Guild members have been
expressly forbidden to quarrel among themselves for territory
and so forth; should there be a dispute, they must bring it
before one of our blood-servants for judgement or else suffer
the penalty of traitors. These changes do seem to be for the
better. Indeed, I've begun to notice a remarkable swelling
of... well, I would almost deem it civic pride, which has
stirred my soul to the utmost. For so many years I've longed
to instill in my dear liteleribauz the same fellow-feelingwhich
has preserved my clan down through the ages.

The thieves, alas, are another matter. They've already
bundled up into their own little bands. After all, one needs
accomplices to pull offeven the simplest housebreaking in
safety —a pairing of burglar and lookout, at least. And once
aman joins a gang, he tends to look upon other gangs with
the envious hatred most folk save for invading barbarians.
Youwon'tbeseeingany thieves' guildsin our cities for many
years, I'm afraid; and yet I have made some progress.

As you know, I've been training mortals in the
larcenous arts for some decades now. Most never live to
pass on their skills, of course; but every generation, some
few of them reach the age where they can no longer
squeeze through a window or silently cut a purse string
themselves. At that point, they have nothing to lose and

everything to gain by teaching others. I now have 10
ASHEN THI

fe ee 8


master thieves, all graduates of my little school, who've
begun to instruct others in their turn; and several of my
colleagues can boast similar accomplishments.

No, their students don't pay a percentage; they would
never stand for that, I'm afraid. Just a flat fee for the lessons.
But this is about much more than filthy lucre. Thieving
teaches a body to be wary, deft and clever, and we need folk
like that. Besides, many of them come to have fond feelings
for their teachers, and approach them even years later for
advice on whom to rob and what to take. Naturally I make
sure that the master thieves are well-provided with sugges-
tions. Behold our latest success. | had my Nicholas mention
toapupil thatthe deaconofSaintLeonard's was getting quite
deaf, and that the toe-bone of a saint could fetch a lofty price
in the right circles. Now we possess yet another relic — and
its gem-studded reliquary — around which to rally the
people. Oh, don't worry. I've been carrying it all night and it
hasn't hurt me yet. Saint Leonard is a gentleman.

Then there are the children. Some of our very youngest
housebreakers are so adept that I cannot bear to lose their
talents to puberty. Accordingly, we've made them blood-
servants of the clan. Think about it. They're small, they're
fleet, and hardly anyone pays attention to them. With our
help, they'll stay that way evens their wisdom increases. I'm
training mine to read and understand Norman, after which
they should be fit to undertake all sorts of spy-work for us. I
will have them dangling from eaves all over England!

Ah, yes, Cainite recruits. I'm afraid that while many
Nosferatu do shepherd exactly the sort of mortal folk we
seek, most of them already have an arrangement with their
princes and don't want to jeopardize it. Gold and informa-
tion for the privilege of wallowing in the gutter with their
charges. You might think they'd balk at such injustice but
—heh! — the Nosferatu expect no less from this world.
The youngest ones, the ones who feel the sting and disgrace
of the curse very keenly still, listen a bit more readily. They
also have the least to contribute, though that'll change! At
any rate, we've added six Nosferatu to the roster recently, all
young, most estranged from their sires, most with no more
than a half-dozen mortals at their command.

As for the Cappadocians: We've gained only one
since the last meeting, but he's certainly the mostinterest-
ing so far. He has a gang of thieves and cutthroats in the
catacombs under Naples. More importantly, he says he
knows a fellow clansman who makes a hobby of raiding
ancient havens and elder tombs. The booty from these
expeditions is naturally up for bids —he tried to tempt me
with tablets from old Carthage. I asked him why he hadn't
already sold them to some Idealist Brujah with a fatter
purse than I could ever wave at him, and I'm not sure that
his answer entirely satisfied me. Still, he's been given his
task, and it's a steep one; if he fulfills it, I'll be happy to
sponsor his membership. Anything we learn about grave-
robbing could come in handy down the road.

But that's enough of my nattering. O Conlae's been
positively itching to speak for some time now. Go on, dear.

BruJAH AND MALKAVIANS

Stadtluft macht frei, my friends — breathe the city air and
be free. This is not simply a proverb. A serf who manages to
dwell within city wallsforayearandaday withoutbeingcaught
earns his freedom under the law. You'll pardon me, Jenny, but
I can't believe you forgot to mention our new "lazar-houses,"
where we hide such folk and thus earn their lifelong gratitude!
A tincture of Nosferatu blood and certain herbs in a flagon of
wine, and they eruptin boils which would satisfy even adoctor
of Bologna. Not that the authorities come all that often to
inspect. My idea, if you'll forgive my vanity in saying so.

Ontoeven better tidings. My colleagues and have helped
to obtain recognition for poor tradesmen's guilds in eight
different towns. Indeed. Why should only London'sbakershave
rights? Why should Parisalone be just toward her butchers?Must
a man own so much property before he may have a say in
governinghisown trade? Your pardon; my feelingson the matter
arestrong. Anyway, itseems that for the right fee, our feudal lords
are willing to defy even the rich burgesses and their town-guilds
— though I fear too many of them are equally ready to reverse
themselves again should the enemy make them a better offer. If
any does, he shall have the bloodiest workers' rioteverknownon
hishands, I promise you that! It'll take time, my friends, butwith
every new guild we establish, that many more people are freed
from virtual slavery; and more importantly, the iron grip of our
elders and their mercantile proxies is loosened by another inch.
Insome places, my colleagues seek trade protections notonly for
non-citizens, but even for serfs.

Ah, look, Anthony, I've brought a smile to the face
of our guest at last. In our new Carthage, sir, everyone
shall have an honest living; even among Jenny's ribauz
there are men who know a craft and would practice it,
except they can't scrape together the exorbitant price
their betters demand for allowing them the privilege. We
don't create criminals. There are already more than
enough, and of those, far too many are already under the
control of Cainite masters who have no plans whatso-
ever of raising them out of infamy.

But back to my report. Recruitment proceeds apace.
Ican go Jenny one better and tell you that we now have
seven more Brujah under us, many of whom were
already laboring to better the lot of the poor tradesmen
when I found them. Well, after all, it was Brujah who
pressed the monarchs to start granting town charters in
the first place. But our elders imagine that they've
rendered adequate service to mankind in so doing, and
now they can simply sit back and reap the material
benefits. They ignore all the other work that's left to be
done. To be fair, there are afew elders of my clan who've
found out about us and have stated their approval.
Critias himself writes constantly to lecture me on this
and that. Wants to be made an honorary member. Huh!

IN DARKENED STR


‘VERBUM SAPIENTI

From the correspondence of Critias (Bib.
Reg. Sol. Tute. Hort. 1572B 778 Vol. 1):

...and, as usual, I urge patience. It could well be
worse. At least these childerhave some idea of what they
plan to do after they-bum usall out of our havens. | have
begun a correspondence with one of their founding
members, a distant'consanguineus of mine. Of course I
shallneveractually beadmitted into their little society —
norindeed do | wish to be — but I have made a point of
asking hit nonetheless) and the flattery seems to have
loosened his tongue, Lastyear he wrote to ask myadvice
on behalf of a Nosferatu refugee who had run afoubof
Okulos (and touching on that subject, have you heard
aught of what thatold heretic is. up, to these days?).
Pérhiaps | shall soon be able to give youabetter picture of
these folk and their activities!" Meanwhile, let these
"Prometheans" have théir human rabble if that appeases
their lust forconittol! Theyreadily acknowledge that they
must spend some years building up their strength before
they can hope to take on their elders;and I think youwill
find, my friend, that as they wax in influence they will
inevitably become more conservative;arrangements will
be made with the powers that be...

If they want to help, they can just withhold their aid
from the princes when the night of fire and reckoning
comes. That will be enough.

Yes, the Malkavian. I haven't forgotten her, believe
me. As you all know, the Malkavians are no more worldly
a folk than the Cappadocians. Though they often dwell
among the downtrodden, they rarely attempt to cultivate
them for any purpose other than nutrition. Certainly I
knowofno Madmen beggar-kingsor master thieves. There's
the occasional heresiarch, but they doom themselves and
their followers to the stake all too quickly. For these reasons,
among others, we'd all but given up on the Malkavians.

But last fall, when I was visiting in Ligge, one of that
bloodapproached me, asisterof the Beguines. Shespends her
nights, ironically enough, tending the insane and infirm in
several hospitals throughout town. Seemed to already know
cof my purpose in that uncanny way they have. Her manner
was gentle as could be; true, she spoke to Saint Benedict
several times during our conversation, but as Malkavians go,
I think you'll agree it's a minor fault. She has influence not
only in the hospitals where she ministers, but in her Beguine
houseaswell, and remember that the Beguine movementhas
begun to spread. What say all of you —should I set hera task
and see, or does the prospect frighten you too much? Ah, |
should have known. Nothing frightens you. After all, we
welcomed Mademoiselle Urraca readily enough.

There, did you see the look she gave me? I suppose
T'll have to let her go next.

ASHEN THIEF

Idid notgive youa look. How jumpy you Irishmenare.

Yes, lam of the so-called snake-clan, but not by choice.
My Embrace was simply the culmination of a long battle of
wits between myself and my sire. He could not seduce me to
his side any other way. Even now, | disgrace him by joining
forces with you, and I dare to do more yet, to undermine my
brothers and sisters in blood by revealing their secrets to you.

Firstly, and most shamefully, my clan deliberately aids
and abets the traffick in slaves. | am not merely speaking of
the selling Christians to Saracens, or vice versa. In clear
defiance of the Church's prohibition, we sell Christian to
Christian. Or have you not heard what a strong English lad
can fetch in Armagh? Fortunately, the Prometheans have
chivalrously sworn to help me put an end to this vile
practice. I shall get as close as I can to the slavers, induce
them to count meas one of their own, and then choose the
moment to betray them one by one. Of course the slaves I
purchase will be manumitted and given sanctuary with you.

Itis the slavery that most wounds my heart, but you may
take my word for it, friends: Name a pernicious commerce, and
there is a Follower of Set involved somewhere along the way.
They attach themselves to Oriental merchants, Venetians,
Genoans and men of the Hanse; thus they acquire gold, silk,
spices and other luxuries with which to corrupt mortal and
immortal alike. Worse still, our valiant Crusaders are tempted
in the East with Saracen learning which is rightly condemned
by the Church, and darker secrets from religions which even
the Mohammedanscondemn. Then, notsatisfied with lyingin
wait for the innocent, my clansmen see to it that these books
of forbidden lore find their way back along the Silk Road, into
the monasteries of the West, where some monk or nun with
more curiosity than piety may stumble across them. You have
no doubt heard of this or that Cainite prince bragging that he
possesses a page or chapter of the fabled Book of Nod? | tell you
now, it is a forgery, and I can introduce you to the man in
Constantinople who acquired it for him. What? You really
would like to meet him? Well, yes, I can see the potential for
havoc in a false scrap of Noddist lore, how it might be used to
set elder against elder... I simply hadn't thought of it before.
You see, even if wished to I wouldn't be a very good priestess
of Typhon. I'm not even as clever as the Ventrue.

In the cities where my blood dwell, they certainly
take over as many thieves, strumpets and murderers as
they can. Not only do such folk bring evil and chaos to
society in general through their crimes, they are also the
perfect tools for corrupting city officials. Frequently,
however, other vampires already claim that niche; in
such cases, being the patient creatures that they are, my
clansmen are usually content to wait, and chip away at
their rivals' influence little by little. After all, it is the
seduction of other Cainites which they prize above all
other goals. Anything that doesn't directly contribute to
that process is merely an additional devotion. And those


Followers of Set whodo enjoy sovereignty over the ribauz
in their domains — well, I myself would not trust them
even to deal squarely with us, to say nothing of joining

1 am abashed, mesdames et messieurs... 1 wish I had
more to say, but as you know, I am very new to your
brotherhood. Perhaps next time I shall have victories of
my own to recount. For now, | will resume my seat, listen,
and humbly learn from yours

RAvNos, ASSAMITE AND TZIMISCE

In that case, little Divya will take up the tale. The
task you charge me with is a heavy one, Anthony; how
could even one who has traveled as many roads as | tell
you everything about the malcontents of the East? I can
say this much: Wherever you find the content, you are
certain to find malcontents.

But yes, I know, details, details. We Ravnos enjoy a
reputation for thievery and trickery. To some extent, it's
true. Theso-called nobles of the Cainites abuse us terribly,
and we return the favor with interest. I say they deserve it.
Here they are, gifted with immortality anda wide world to
explore, and yet they have nothing better to do than sit in
their moldy castles and hoard wealth and power. Frankly,
they could use a little shaking-up... orshaking-down. On
that much, all of us here agree, yes? If you want them, a
round dozen of my brothers and sisters stand ready to join

SERPENT'S TOOTH

To my inexorable sire, from your little magpie, a
thousandkissesandall theblessingsoftheRed-HairedOne.

The work goes well. This group of rebels is not
quiteascleveras we had hoped —itwasalmosttoo easy
to convince them of my good intent — but their
numbersare growing, and their colonies ofhuman filth
reach further eastward. Indeed, Volchok in Balgrad
already complains that every filthy Saxon inthe Em-
pire has‘come to toost in his alleyways and steal all the
trade away from his whores and assassins: For that, you
have my colleague Godelinda of the Nosferatu to
thank. In time, I hope, these Prometheans shall be-
come a'sword pointed at the throats of all'your rivals.

As for Marzuq and Galjin: tell them that they have
anew customer, Evidently my Ventrue friend wants a
sctapof the First. Book to seta couple of Frankish princes
quarreling. The textshould besomething on the subject
of Saulot and his vision of his own shameful end. | am
hoping to spread the report of this parchment's "discov-
ery" toseveral other elders as well, andwith any luck the
Christian Cainites will soon have an all-out war on their
hands. Orifnot, itisstill one more corruption, one more
deception; and as the Great Father teaches us, they add
up, like grains of sand in a storm, to wear down even a
Sphinx in time. lam, asever, yourslave and fellowslave,
lusting endlessly for your touch

IN DARKENED STREETS


you in your endeavors. They ask only your regard and
protection. Manyhave neverbeen west ofConstantinople,
and would fain see the lands of the Franks at last.

Moreover, they possess skills that might be of aid to
you. For instance, those who make their way by creating
false relics to sell to gullible Crusaders could teach even
Brother John's forgers a thing or two about deception.
Mademoiselle Urraca was speaking of the Byzantine
Serpent who deals in spurious Cainite treasures — you
surely don't think he made them himself, do you?

We wander too much to actually cultivate great
numbers of mortals, but we know the great scoundrels of
cities all over the Levant, and | daresay that if you give us
the chance we'll soon accomplish the same feat in the
West. So, for instance, if one of Jenny's thieves should
manage to rob the duke himself, he needn't riskselling the
booty in his own town. We can take it off his hands, for a
reasonable fee, and carry it elsewhere. No trouble at all.
The wilderness holds no more peril than the city for our
cursed folk; as long as we're traveling, we may as well
perform a service. Likewise, we'll be happy to carry mes-
sages from one Promethean to another, alongwith tales of
any clever trickery we may have heard of or perpetrated,
and we can all learn from each other that much faster.

The offer stands — we await only your word and, of
course, your tasks. Challenge us! We shan't let you down.

Now letme move onto the childer of Assam. Despite the
wars, they still rule much of the Levant, just as the Ventrue do
here. And like the Ventrue, many regard themselves as a
chosen elite and won't sully themselves by trafficking with the
lower grades of mortal — cutthroats, cutpurses, Christian.
slavesand whatnot. However, Saracens come in many shapes,
more than most of you realize. There are scholars who need
secrets pilfered, outcast warriors willing to become killers for
hire, even blood sorcerers with their own hidden agendas.
These Saracens can be useful to us, but would beware: While
none can surpass them at spying and destroying the undead,
they seem to hate all other vampires witha rare passion. Ihave
heard that even an outcast Assamite might be able to eam his
way back into the Old Man's graces if he can retum with
enough Cainite blood on his hands. He would not care
whether that blood belonged to you, or to your enemies.

I know Monsieur Berengar is eager to hear about the
Tzimisce. I must tell you honestly that! myselfhave had few
enough dealings with the Fiends. Nordo I wish more. They,
too, are rulers in their own lands; though other clans do
dwell there, they dance to the tune the Tzimisce call. The
Fiends take precious little interest in mortals — they regard
them as food, or at best, amusing playthings. So I doubt you
will have much luck finding many to populate your new
Carthage, especially since you evidently plan to harbor
Tremere within itas well. However, I do know one who has
sworn to me that he wants to give up the blood-war and its
dangers. You will have to get him free of his sire somehow,

ASHEN THIEF

but if you do, you would have among you a man who can
reshape the face of anyone, even intoa likeness of someone
else. Of course | can performasimilar trick, butitdoesn'tlast
that long. Think of the mischief you could cause! Youcould
make a thief up to look like a treasury guard, your ghoul to
look like the prince's ghoul. Why huddle in the alleyway
trying to listen througha window when youcan simply stroll
in and find out everything you need to know?

That offer, likewise, stands. I shall leave it to Your
Worships to consider. Monsieur Berengar? Only you are
left, for I'm sure Anthony will wish to go last.

TREMERE

Yes. Ahem. I must apologize to our guest for my
rudeness. No doubt it seems cowardly to you, that I hide
my face while the others here show theirs. But it was a
condition | set when I joined, that my identity should
never be revealed to any who had not been fully initi-
ated. If you'd ever seen the punishments Ceoris metes
out to traitors, you'd understand. Most clans content
themselves with simply reducing them to ash, but the
Tremere have better... uses for the condemned.

Many of youare unfamiliar with my brotherhood. I shall
explain to you something of our structure and why it's so
difficult to convince other Tremere tojoinus. Yet I must keep
trying, for there is much we could do to further the cause.

Among the Prometheans, I've already begun to hear
complaints about the threefold division of rank. Appren-
tice, journeyman, master: a Promethean progresses up
through the ranks through the performance of increas
ingly difficult tasks. Speaking of that, I must congratulate
Brother John on his recent masterpiece. Mine is still in
progress, alas — but I shall elaborate in a moment. Of
course there are always those who will grouse anytime
they're asked to earn their keep. Yet imagine, for a mo-
ment, that the Prometheans have not three grades, but
seven, and that to ascend in rank you must not only prove
your loyalty and utility by braving ever-greater dangers,
but also demonstrate your mastery of dread occult arts.

Imagine further that at each stage of this process, you are
considered the chattel of your immediate superior. You can
be ordered to move from this city to that with no waming, no
matter your attachments, or to betray your friends outside the
clan, orto goon crusade against the Fiends in Hungary. Even
more: imagine that upon your initiation, you must straight-
away give up some of your vitae as a guarantee of your good
behavior, so that your masters may practice their blood-arts
against you should you ever disobey; and that even the
smallest sign of disobedience can be taken for treason, for
which youshall be pursued by yourbrothersin the orderto the
ends of the earth and beyond. Have I satisfied you that it's no
easy thing to defy House and Clan Tremere?

Yet I know that I'm not the only one among my blood
who resents his fate. There are many others who, like me,


never agreed to forfeit our lives for the sake of our magic;
many who feel cheated out of the true immortality which
theirartsmighthave won them in time. Many more, I'msure,
who joined knowing full well what they would become, but
have grown disillusioned as they continue to bear the indif-
ference of their elders and the hatred of other Cainites.

Do the Tremere ever make use of mortal unfortu-
nates? Well, yes, certainly —as food, for one thing. Even
in cities where the prince grants us a chantry, we're rarely
allowed to hunt among the choicer vessels. But I daresay
that's not what you meant. No, true unfortunates, the so-
called deserving poor, have little to offer us but their
blood. Mountebanks, however, abound among our mortal
servants: fake doctors, false sorcerers and not-so-wise-
women, purveyors of penny-magicsand stinking unguents.
They tell us about the people who come to them for spells
and physic, and usually we simply nod and tell them to do
as they like. But when someone important comes to them
— someone who could be blackmailed, or, better yet,
obliged to us — then we take over. After all, it's no great
trouble to us to mix up a potion so that a burgomaster's
mistress may rid her womb of an unwanted babe, or an
alderman dispose of a rival alderman. Some of us can even.
restore maidenheads, remove branding-marksandso forth.
I'm wooing one such magus right now, but I must move
carefully. If he should prove loyal after all, and betray me,
then I will be hard-pressed indeed to avoid capture.

Finally, on the subject of my masterpiece: Work
progresses. As Anthony can attest, I have my spell. With but
adrop of blood and a secret phrase, a Promethean may briefly
touch minds with a Promethean in a neighboring city. Each
of you may devise your own secret phrase, whatever you will
best remember — only make sure it's not something your
enemies can easily guess. However, I'm still having trouble
getting the spell to stick to the mirror for longer than a night
ortwo, It's most odd; afterall, I'm adaptinga very simple, very
oldritual which my clan brethren use to speak to one another
from a distance. I suspect the sluggishness with which our
magic flows through non-Tremere blood may be to blame.

Yes, I realize how vital it is that I succeed in the
enchantment. After all, it does us little good to take a
city by revolt or coup, if it's only going to be over-
whelmed by reinforcements a few days later. We must be
prepared to let loose chaos in several towns at once,
grouped togetheras tightly as possible, so that the prince
of any town will be too busy dealing with the mess in his
own domain to go to anyone else's aid. Especially impor-
tant given how the Patricians like to stick together in
such matters. Trust me: When my research is ended, I
shall be able to provide each of you with a magic mirror
by which you may inform your brethren when you feel
that you and your mortals are ready to seize the advan-
tage. I will not rest until it is achieved.

Anthony, the floor is yours.

Sagas

Quo Vans?

Before I call the next item on the agenda, has our
guest any questions?
GANGREL AND CAITIFF

Ah, yes, the Gangrel. Alas, they exclude themselves by
their philosophy. We believe the well-ordered city —with
the requisite orchards and crops in the surroundingcontada,
of course—to be the best hope for Cainite and mortal alike.
Leave the wilderness to the wild things who belong in it; we
here are concemed with civilization. Some of us say we
should institute, after our victory, a body of folk entrusted
with guarding the roads between our cities; and there has
been talk of entrusting Gangrel with this task. From what |
hear, however, practically the only Gangrel who concem
themselves with mortals at all are bandit-kings.

What's that? My own clan? My dear fellow, there's a
reason it hasn't been mentioned. I have none. No, I have no
idea who she was, nor do | feel any burning need to know. It
hardly matters. Without the sponsorship of a sire, I may as
well be clanless as far as everyone's concerned, So you see, |
don't champion the dispossessed as a moral exercise; it's a
subjectnear and dear tomy heart. Like theserf, [have existed,
till now, only at the pleasure of great lords who deem it more
worthwhile to use me than kill me. But I tell you this: In their
cruelty to the orphaned, our masters plant the seeds of their
own doom. We're just as immortal as they, bastard and weak-
blooded as we are, and those of us who survive shall never
forget the injustices heaped upon us. Small wonder that we
Prometheans have nearly as many Caitiff as Brujah!

ORGANIZATION

But let me forge ahead, to the things you must know
before you can take your place among us. As Berengar
explained, we model ourselves after the trade guilds.
Anyone less than two centuries old may join us (no, we
don't cast anyone out forreaching that age; we simply can't
be bothered to teach old dogs new tricks). Once a man
joins, he becomes an apprentice, and receives assignments
and guidance from those above him in rank. From there,
it takes three proven successes to advance to journeyman.

Who gets to judge, you mean? A panel of at least three
masters. As to what constitutes a "success," I can tell you
that bringing in a recruit who's at least your equal in power
and influence usually suffices; stripping some elder of a
valuable tool is naturally even better. As a rule, we frown
on blatant violence against other Damned — it's too
dangerous for that yet. When the time comes, we will
strike unflinchingly, but first we must gather our strength.

A journeyman chooses his own tasks and pursues them as
hesees fit. Don't worry; after you start attending our meetings,
you'll quickly come to see what sorts of tasks we deem appro-
priate for a journeyman. Finally, in order to become a master,
you must furnish a masterpiece, just as in a mortal guild — in

IN DARKENED STREETS


our case, of course, a "masterpiece" is an especially impressive
success — and a quorum of seven masters awards that honor.

In our meetings, everyone has a vote. Yes, even
apprentices, though any masters attending can vote
twice to break a tie; and anyone can make a motion. We
never gather more than a dozen of the order together at
once, for safety and secrecy. Nor do we encourage our
apprentices to meet Prometheans of other cities until
they've shown themselves to be prudent.

No, there is no Grand Master, no King, no Prince of
the order. At least, there'd better not be. Leave that tripe
to the elders. Our most senior members come to know a
great deal of what's going on in their areas, of course, and
they keep in contact with each other to make sure
they're not working at cross-purposes. But they have no
more power under our code than any other master.

The code... . shall be taught to you immediately after your

initiation. For now, know that the penalty for betraying one's
brethren is swift and final, though merciful, and our journey-

PROMETHEANS IN COTERIE |

If you've been reading alongand wondering how to ||
fit one of these socially conscious rascals into a coterie, |
rest assured that there's more than one way todo it. _ |

In the first place, a Promethean needn't reveal
her other ties to her coterie-mates, Indeed, if they too }
belong to the criminal world — where distrust is a }
vital occupational skill, and issues of gang loyalty are
well worth killing over —suddenly declaring oneself |]
arobber-prophetwitha vision forthe New Carthage
is probably a bad idea. On the ‘other hand, a
Promethean with sufficient charisma might be able
to subtly bring her friends around to her way of |
thinking, and even persuade them to convert. |

Even in coteries where the other members aren't |
hoodlums by trade, however, a character's Promethean ||
allegiance can come into conflict with the demands of
friendship. This becomeseven more likely ifthe coterie }
or its members should begin pursuing and attaining
status in "legitimate" Cainite society. (In fact,
Prometheans have been known to join ambitious cote- |
ties for the sole purpose of playing agents provocateur.)
Still, with patience and negotiation, a character's cote-
riecanoftendevelopalivable, ifnot mutually beneficial,
relationship with the Promethean order, which afterall
can always use a few more allies.

Lastly, there is the possibility of an all-
Promethean coterie, which should suggest all sorts of
wicked inspirations to the Storyteller. After all, the
order considers itselflucky to recruit vampires singly;
how could it possibly resist the temptation to take full
advantage of a tight-knit band of Cainites and all the
complex missions such a group might perform?

ASHEN THIEF

menthinknothing of traveling hundreds of miles to help bring
anoath-breaker to justice. Princesaren'tthe only oneswhocan
calla blood hunt! Lesser offensesare left to the discretion of the
local masters. As a rule, you won't be punished for honest
mistakes,so longas they donoreal harm tothe order. We want
to encourage invention, not suppress it as our lieges do.

Your initiation is already devised. We tailor it to the
individual, butit'salwaysatask that requiresonetobreak Cainite
law or betray an elder — preferably both. We want no lapdogs
here. Ourspies watch over youas you work, and we acquire proof
of your treachery if at all possible. Once the task is fulfilled, you
must recite and sign an oath, then carry the parchment next to
your breast forno less than three daysand nights. Any elder with
second sight who touches it will know that the document is no
forgery. Finally, we take all this blackmail and give it to another
apprentice in the guild. You will not know whom. We find this
an admirable method of ensuring loyalty.

Don'tshake your head. Our elders keep peace among
themselves in much the same fashion, and their aims
aren't half as lofty.

As it happens, we already have one of your secrets,
so we're not all that worried about compromising you
further. Well, I did say you owed me your existence. Is the
name of Fra Beggio familiar? I rather fancied it was. But
you never imagined he'd tracked you this far north, did
you? Never fear him and his burning cross again. He's in
our hands. His will is far too strong to be bent even by our
eldest Ventrue, butiron and stone holds him well enough.
How close he came to penetrating your haven!

I leave it to you. From observing you, I've come to
believe that you sympathize with our aims. You, too,
hoped for more from immortality. Youremember Caine's
admonition to use our power over mankind responsibly.
You weep to see how civilization and justice suffer under
the government of our brittle marble gods. Up till now,
you've simply lacked a viable alternative. Isn't it so?

Certainly you can choose not to join. And we can
choose to release the poor old Fra. But I'm afraid we
simply haven't been able to convince him that youaren't
responsible for his imprisonment. Stubborn fellow. I
hate to think what might happen if he were to fall into
the hands of your prince. Should you join us, we'll
naturally deliver him to whatever fate you deem fit.

Your task? Nothing too dangerous, I assure you.
After all, a man of your status and talents is far more
valuable as a spy. Jenny, bring the girl in, would you?

This is Margot, one of Jenny's most accomplished
students. We'd originally thought she'd become her
childe as well, but think you'll agree it would be ashame
to lose such beauty to the Nosferatu curse, especially
considering the uses to which it might be put. Besides,
you're over a century old. Isn't it time you became aire?

Of course. Take a moment to consider. But consider
swiftly —we're eager for your opinion ona number of subjects.


THE PROMETHEANS: DESTINY

In 1197, the official'ordemis less than 80 years old; the reader has just witnessed them in their infancy. Over
the next few centutiés;they cautiously expand their influence with various subsets of the urban underclass. Some
operate fairly openly-as vice lords, arranging a regular bribe in order to stay in business and concealing nothing
from their princes éxcept their ultimate intent. Others keep their criminal involvement secret for the sake of
reputation; still'othets, who for whatever reason don't wish to be known, simply keep out of sight altogether.

The order's‘efforts certainly shape the developing underworlds of the cities it operates in, but the success is
hardly unqualified: © Conlae's Brujah gradually lose influence in the burgeoning craft-guilds as the guilds grow
wealthier and more powerful +and thus more attractive to elder Cainites; of course, each time they're crowded
out, they concentrate their éfforts on the next level down, and soon cities all over Europe are troubled by Brujah-
incited riots and strikes among thé unskilled laborers. (The Black Death doesn't exactly help matters, either.)

Despite these troubles, Promethean criminal.networks continue growing (thanks partially to the
Ravnos and Monsieur Berengar's ritual); and by the mid-l4th'century, many agree that the time is finally
right to make their move. Using thé Black Death and other crises as‘cover, they stir up mob violence in city
and countryside alike. Unfortunately, though) the results, are satisfyingly devastating to the mortal
authorities, they fail to shake the réins of Cainite power loose from the grip of theelders. Several of the most
influential Prometheans, mostly Nosferatu and Brujah, lose their unlives in-the ensuing strife, and worse,
the secret of the order's existence is exploded for good.

Fortunately, their lack of hirarehy saves the Prometheans from the worst of the/purge that follows. Four of
the order's senior members consign themselves to the flames in order to avoid being captured and made to betray
their fellows (according to rumér, notallofthem make this heroic sacrifice willingly); the rest go underground,
severing their ties to the others and:concerning themselves with their own affairs only, hoping that in time the
heat will die down. A feeding frenzy ensues among the beggar-queens and robhet-kings of the Cainite world as
everyone tries to snatch up all the abandoned mortal syndicates.

||
||



ayy A
Ar LS :

Cr Wearing the |
lex 2Uolf's Send |

Chan bespake hyn gode Kobyrt |
EGll that 3 hace som bolde baron,
Or som unkouth gest" nx
- Ghomymous, AGest of Robyn Bode ( Y

RAMBER CASTLE,
RST WATCH

Come closer, lad. Youcan'tsee a thing if you hang back.
Just inch you out along this limb. Steady on, I've got you.

THE HILtroe

Now. Everyone knowsthatcastle overtherebelongstode
Braose. But he's not the only lord who dwells there, nor even
thechiefone:ReynerFitzPaynisoneofourkind,andheclaims
the entire shire for his domain. Mark that bricked-up window
there? That's his room. He poses as the lord's invalid nephew,
even caries a crutch. Except when he hunts, of course.

Heh. That's not what I meant. He's got his bevy of
vessels stashed among the ladies-in-waiting, but no, I was
speaking of the special occasions, when His Highness
holds court. On such nights, Lord de Braose's gaol is
emptied. Fitz Payn gives them a half-hour's head start,
usually; tells them that if they can survive till dawn
without leaving the wood, they'll earn a pardon. Then all

the fine, dead lords and ladies mount up and head after
them. You'd never heard the tales? Ah, but you were
above such old woman's talk. I don't think the lord likes
it much, not that he would ever dare defy. People die in
gaol of di

ase and darkness. It happens all the time.

Tauty-Ho |

From the correspondence of Marco de San |
Pablo (private collection) —

...You shamed me, you shamed your husband and
you shamed. youtself.. For the'sake-of your honor, I
betrothed you td the son-by-Blood ofthe greatest prince
in the Rhineland! Out of paternal love I contributed a
generous dowry and then some, that youmnighthave the
most extravagant festivities known to the Cainites in
those parts for the past two hundred years!'And:do not
forget, youpromisedme that youwwould gird up yourspirit
| when the time came for the obligatory hunt.

But the news has come to me that you weptas the
Ritter returned to the clearing, their cheeks flushed with
| vitae and victory, bringing the kills made in your honor;
that you dampened their joyous exultation witlPweak
maidenly:tears, Haye I taught you nothing? Ifa woman
enjoysany advantage in this hard world, iris the willing-
ness of men to shed blood for her. You are no longer a
childe, and should certainly be able to look upon‘a few
corpses with equanimity. Further, | am told thar the
Rhinelandets choose only outlaws for their sport, men
who shall not and should not be missed from the world.
What were they to you, that you should weep? A gentle
heart isa fine virtue, butit will be of precious little use to
you in our society, of which you are now truly a part.

ASHEN THIEF

ve lost some good men that way.

When the hunt is on, you must stay out of this copse no
matter what. Don't ever let me hear that youcame here when
His Highness had his hell-mount saddled — do you under-
stand me?Good. Come down this way, there's more toshow.

THE FIELDS ;

Look at this crop. Sad sight, eh? A hail out of season,
andall their labor is wasted. Of course, the lord muststill be
paid for his investment. Once he's taken his share, what'll
be left to live on? The coming moons will see poaching
aplenty. Now thisis old Hereward's kennel. Scratcher there
—hst! Quiet, Scratcher! — was lawed a long time ago, as
washis bitch. .. butd'yousee there, in the curve of her belly?
I'd wager thruppence at least one of those puppies escapes
the knife somehow. As for the rest of the villeins, they'll
hide their bows and arrows as best they can.

Noteveryone in the lord's service is past trusting, my
boy. These are stout folk. John atte Well brews ale, and
he's sold it to my fellows when they were thirsty. Once he
even let usstop and water our horses. The widow Gunnora
has a kind heart. Her second son Ham is one of our lads.
Broke him out of prison along with Philip a few years
back because I knew he shot so well.

No, it's the foresters and their men that outlaws must be
wary of hereabouts. Always showing up where they're not
wanted, always ready toslapamanin irons. Alwaysthumbing
their noses at the law they're supposed to be protecting, too,
or do you really think that rascal Fulk paid for the wood he
chopped down for his new shed, or the roasted boar he had at
his son's knighting? Eh? But who's going to report him?

Ishouldn'tcare about such things anymore, I know. The
real trouble is that whilst riding hither and yon in search of
humble poachers, they're like as not to find us instead. Dear
Fulk is good friends with the sheriff, too, and while he may
lack the courage to take us on, he'd gladly testify in the
shrieval court against us. We mustn't give him the chance.

Hurry now, back to the horses.

THE Hicuway,
SECOND WATCH

Now thisllttle stand of trees is royal forest, if youask the
royal archives. But ask the people who come through here
— they'll tell you it'sall ours, Perfect for our purpose as well:
just bigenough tohidea rough company in, and witha little
ridge that gives us a hawk's-eye view of the highway.

Trackadeer,and youmustsearch the brush forhoofprints
Menare far kinder. Look there; they've outlined their path for
us, broadened it, smoothed it out till you can see it even from
thisheight. We have only towatch and wait. Not much traffic
alongitatnight, ofcourse. That's why itso important to train
the lads well. They carry on most of the work without us.


Forest vs. Woop
| These two terms are not synonymous in the Dark Ages. "Forest" is actually short for forestis, meaning
"outdoor" or "outside," and is used to designate areas held in personal reserve by lord or king, which thus fell
"outside" the common land of the realm. (The original, longer phrase forestis silva did refer specifically to
woodland, but only because of the word silva.) Thus an area referred to as "forest" in medieval times might actually
| be barren heath—not too barren, however; after all, the main reason to set aside an area as forest is to ensure
| the preservation' of.game, particularly the herbivorous deer and wild boars.
Ta'?197; forest law is at its most formal in England — King Henry certainly believed in tight administration —
but the'basf¢ mechanisms described here have parallels on the Continent. Punishments for infractions range from a
modest fine to blinding, the removal of bow-drawing fingers, or even (occasionally) death; in particularly serious cases
regarding the royalforests, offenders might languish in prison for years waiting for their cases to come up before the
properauthority. Howéverstrict the enforcement, though, the law itselfisalways open to financial negotiation. Barons
can purchase thesright to take royal venison, or buy a tract of land (a chase) within a royal forest for their private use
and jurisdiction; and even humble villeins can be licensed to gather extra wood or hunt small game (called the right
of warren; small game is considered harmful to deer anyway, so lords tend to be fairly'freewith this right).

A Poncuer's Lexicon

The following terminology for English poachers can add flavor to your chtonicle?

agigt: The pasturing of animals, especially swine (who are most fohdiof'acorns) in the wood. Also called
pannage/Anyone wishing to exercise this right must pay a fee to the collector, called'thelagistér; who counts the
pigs as,they go in and takesup'the toll.as they come out.

back bear: An unhappy'Sifuation to get catightin— carrying.a dead deer on one's back)

bloody hand:An even tinhappier situation to get caught in — literally red-handedyovera fresh-slain deer.

dog draw: Thel6ffense of tracking deer with a dog.

eyre: The High'Court of royal forest law, composed of barons and knights who tout the countie8 every seven years to
hear especially grievous cases. Lower courts, thankfully, meet farmore often-Swainmotes, so called because of their usual
occupation' with thepasturing of swine, convene thitee times a yearyand local courts meet as oftenias every several weeks.
Evidence of offenses, from antlers and'skins to greyhounds, is saved as longias necessary. to be presented 'at the trial.

firebote: The right to gather dead branches for firewood.

forester: Ohe appointed to oversee a forest, whether royallor privately owned, Vatious.types afd degrees of
|]| forest official exist in Dark Medieval/England: stewards are high-level administrators; bailiffs are the next grade
down (the term also applies to a'sheriff's assistants); surveyors set forest boundaries; regarders report encroach-
ménts on those boundaries, particularly building or clearing; Keepers are-in charge of gatne; bow-hearérs attest
trespassers; woodwards are chief officials‘over private forests; and lardiners.store deer caréasses for the king (a
position of considerable trust). Foresters alsohhunt game for the table whenever their employerdeesn'ticare to
expend the'effort himself. Forest officialstend to,be chosen from the nobility,and yéomanty.

lawing: The practice of removing the first three talons from the front paws of a mastiff hound, sothat it can't
be used for unlicensed hunting. Also called expeditation.

stable stand: The offense of drawing a bow without license.

venison: In this period, the word actually refers to the right to hunt deer, not to the meat itself. Thus the
phrase offense against the venison.

vert: The growing things of the wood. The trees themselves, their fallen branches — even the acorns on the
ground and the honey in the hive. Gathering or harming any of these things without permission constitutes an
offense against the vert. A verderer is a man appointed specifically to guard the vert.

"Som CINKOUTH GEST" fourpeasants with naught but cudgels and rope trip a knight's

horse and have him down before you could say by-our-lady.
Priests and monks make far better victims than knights, of

There'll be the lone travelers. Those are the easiest. course, Ifyouseeone, don't letpietyhold youback. Nomatter
We're blessed, ad, tohave anumber ofstoutyeomenamong ow poor he looks, he's bound to have coin on him.

us, and a few who squired for years and can ride and use a
sword as well as the lord's own guard; but I've seen a gang of

Ah, the work. The prey.

Then there'll be plenty of merchants as well. Cagey lot.
They like to travel under guard when they can afford it, and
FARING THE WOLFS HEAD


Furry Lucre

Highwaymen, briganids and pirates alike may com-
fort themselves on~One score: Europe, is enjoying a
tremendous silver fish at thissmoment in/history, and
silver coin now' flows more freely than' ever before.
Numerous strikes in the Black Forest, Bohernia, Hun-
gary, Morayiaand Sardinia lie in the fecent pastandnear
future. Ofcourse, such strikesexertan irresistible siren call
on fortune-hunters from all over the Gontinent(particu-
larly Saxon miners, whose expertise is eagerly sought),
and local nulets are generally only too happy to let the
prospectots dig, for.a handsome. comamissiony"of course.
A\ll the liquid cash generated by these efforts goes to fuel
laudable social improvements in all'the major nations of
Europe, but.a considerable portion" of"it is certainly
diverted into brigand'and pirate hoards far and wide.

together with other merchants if possible. The bright side to
itis they don't like bloodshed. Everything's got its price with
them, and their lives bear the highest price of all. Now, lad,
T'll tell you how to handle a merchant. Most of them'll give
you a portion as tribute readily enough, if it'll get them back
on their way with no fuss; they just mark it down as one more
tax. The trick is not to bite off more than you can chew. Ifhe
has any good coin on him, you'll naturally want that. Don't
take anything you can't spend hereabouts unless you know a
man that can melt it down and another man who'll buy it.
The same thing goes for the goods in the wagon. Don't take
it if you can't sell it. Now I knew a fellow once who had the
most marvelous trick; he'd stop every wool merchant he saw
until he had enough to make up a wagon himself, and then
he'd pack upand head tomarket! Butthat'salot of effort. Too
much like honest labor for most of us.

Worst comes to worst, a rich enough merchant may
himself be taken for ransom, just like a noble; don't take
too rich a one, though, because great lords listen when
other great men start screaming. You see, if the lord or
Fitz Payn really wanted to stop us — enough to pay what
it would cost, that is — they could do it. The might of
arms is on their side. But we're only a nuisance, a fly
buzzing round in the corner, and until we cause enough
trouble that they have to swat us, we're all right.

That, my lad, is why we can't let any other robber
share this stretch of road. Any who won't join me, I show
them on their way. If this place should ever become such
a hazard that the commerce stops altogether, His Lord-
ship and His Highness would take that ill indeed.

THE CAINITE TRAVELER
T'llrell you another thing His Highness would take ill.
One can't be a great lord all alone in a cold little room
with the window bricked up, you know. There must be
festivities, panoply... and an immortal audience to appre-

ciate it, And since only a few of our kind can fly — hal
ASHEN THIEF

most of that audience takes the highway to reach Fitz Payn.
His vassals make the journey every year to pay homage, and
there are the feasts and hunts, as I said. Sometimes, other
Cainite lords send emissaries to hammer out treaties and
whatnot. Sometimes, though, they're just travelers heading
further north who mean to stop at the castle for hospitality.
Mind you, I've never stopped one of these precious
guests myself... not yet. But | must admit that now I'm
tempted. I've got you by my side, fully in the Blood, and
more men in the band than ever before; and I hear Fitz
Payn will be hosting a grand mélée in just a few weeks.
Eh? Well, it's always wise to have an ear somewhere in
the castle. In our case, it's a kitchen slut who's tumbling
half His Lordship's squires. One takes what one can get.
I promise you, at least one young Ventrue fool will be
riding out here in his bright new mail to try his luck. Hissire
isa man] know, a man who's dwelt in peace from me for far
too long. And what scandal it would cause Fitz Payn, whose
protection supposedly covers all Sussex! No doubt they'd
both pay a handsome fee to get the little bully back...
Don'tlooksoworried, lad. I''vesurvived thislongthrough
caution and quick wits. If we try this bold caper — if — we'll
have our plans well-laid indeed, and our escape waiting forus.
We can go deeper into the ancient wilds of Anderida if we
must, and a good number of the men would even follow us.
What? Dragons? Hogwash! There are dangerous
beasts there, I'll grant, but no dragons. Besides, you are
one of the night-things now. It can be done; I've done it
myself. The wilderness can harbor our kind. Ride with
me now and I'll show you.

T. LEONARDS Woop,
OURTH WATCH

When Fitz Payn first declared the blood hunt against
me, it didn't even occur to me to go a-robbing. I'd never
dwelt in anything but servitude, and what's a yeoman
without his liege? I was heading off to London to beg refuge
from one of His Highness' enemies when my lads — well,
they weren't my lads just yet — tried to stop me. Good thing
they did! I stood there, watching ‘em writhe on the ground
holding their bruised heads, and it suddenly struck me that
it would be far better not to go to another prince. After all,
that's the first place anyone would look for me, isn't it? And
these woods are the last place anyone would look.

You'd never guess how many of us there are, skulking
around Sussex, Kent and Surrey. A lot of Gangrel, of course
— the wilderness calls to their blood. The others have their
reasons. Some of them are outlaw. They don't dare show
their faces in an English court, but they don't want to leave
the lands of their birth either. Others never broke one of the
Six Traditions, buthave made themselves so odious tosome
great lord that they must disappear or die.


Then I knew a Toreador who came all the way down
from Wales, gathered up a band and took to the woods,
all for the sole purpose of worrying away at his enem
wealth and good name. Had his men outfitted with fine
green livery and shields with his own device blazoned on
them. Even hired a trowvére to write a poem about the
time he managed to seize some sorcerous Tremere
thingummy from a Usurper ambassador's wagon and
ransom it back for some other sorcerous thingummy to
help him turn invisible. Heylyn of the Oaken Tower
Grand fellow — the humble Dorset folk treated him like
aking. He was made to greet the sunrise recently...

Ah, well. Whatever their first intent, they all be-
come bandit-chiefs in time. It's the best way to stay fed.
I've heard tales of vampires who could survive on the
blood of beasts, but try itonce and you'll see why few turn
to that sort of fare. You can raid the villages, but unless
you've a band of rowdies with you, so that your meal gets
lost in all the mayhem, someone's bound to realize what
you're doing. Any Cainite with an ounce of wit keeps
both ears pricked for tales of mysterious wasting maladies
in his holdings — and Cainites don't like poaching on
their hunting grounds any more than living lords do.

For that matter, you must also be careful of taking
too many poachers and hunters as they wander in the
woods. Accidents do happen, but there's a limit to bad
luck. As for feeding on your own men, I wouldn't do it
unless it meant my death otherwise. The risks are too
great — of killing one by mistake, of being discovered in
the wrong fashion. Bad business.

No, the best thing is to take the highwayman's part
and prey on travelers, on foreigners. Fewer care what
happens to them, so many hazards await them on the
road, and unless they're writing home at every stop,
who's to know exactly where they met their end?

THe MAINTENANCE
or Merry MEN

Oh, my lads probably have a vague fancy that their
master's made a pact with the Devil. They'te rough
fellows, and I've taught them not to fear their Maker
overmuch. As long as the Devil's on their side for now,
they're content to die rich men with generous wills and
settle their souls' accounts that way. Heh.

Not all Cainite robber-kings take that tack, of course.
Some don'teven let their men know they exist; they just put
ablood-slave or two in charge and then sneak into camp at
night to claim their share of the booty. On the other hand,
Iheardaballad once abouta Lasombra lady in Provence who
revealed herselfoutright as the Daughter of Satan; demanded
that the whole band sell her their immortal souls; chanted a
litle gibberish to convince them the deal was struck; and
thenproceeded toenslaveas many in Bloodasher vitae could
support. Heh! Now that's steel. Hm? Her name? Clotild. In


the ballad, she ends up marrying the prince of Toulouse, or
something like that. I don't know if that's true.

But back to my subject, which is managing the men.
Mortals aren't any more fitted to the wild than we, as you
well know. Yes, meat can be had in abundance, but bread
doesn't grow on trees, nor do wenches. The men must go
into town or village for provisions, if nothing else. And
what's the point of stealing a mountain of coin if you can't
purchase a few pleasures with it? There's no way to stop
them taking their little furloughs; you can only teach
them to be smart about it and hope the lessons stick.

Friends, then, friends among the settled folk. You
need them, especially when the authorities press harder
than usual, and that's the best reason not to go raiding the
villages in your territory. Now usually we make do with the
likes of Gunnora and John. The taverns of Horsham and
Arundel, though, are a suitable reward for an especially
good haul. Be sure to gamble, at least a little. If you don't,
the men will think something's very wrong with you!

Eh? Yes. Yes, that's true. It sometimes comes to pass
that a lord or freeholder adopts a gang of bandits, so to
speak, and even receives them into his home. Indeed itcan

OuTLAWRY

The word outlaw, though loosely applied to criminals in general, actually has specific legal meaning in the
Dark Medieval world.

Criminal justice inthe Middle Ages isa haphazard affaif at best. Since they lack an organized police force
to carty out their dictates, courts have very little power to actually compel defendants to-appear. Yes, local
communities (like the English tithings and hundreds) are held legally responsible for.their fugitives, but this
provides only middling motivation, particularly to the offenderA {ter all, everyone knows that the overwhelm-
ing majority of trials end in conviction (sincé criminal cases only proceed that far when the powers that be wish
itso). Given the harshness of felony sentences, itshould come as nosurprise that defendants whocan't or won't
produce the funds nécessary.to buy off the authorities very rarely appear for their trials.

Outlawry, then, is the formal punishment visited upon such delinquents. An outlaw is'effectively a non-

person — certainly anonecitizen. He loses all legal rights, including the right to own property. Any land or
chattel he holds is escheated back to his-liege. His life is likewise forfeit. Anyone who wishes to may kill him
with (legal) impunity, and collect a'bounty for so doing.

Although an outlaw's pariah status, as far as day-to-day living goes, only-carries the fotcé the local

community gives it, it's still an unenviable situation — particularly for a person of high social standing. Class
manifests through property; a noble deprived of land and inheritance, inthis period, is no longer noble in any
practical sense of the word. Such a degradation is bound to come as a stinging humiliation. And with the
humiliation comesa question: How to make aliving now, when one only possesses the skills suited to aristocracy?

Perhaps that's why the romancesare so full of wronged noblemen who embark on their criminal careers only
after becoming outlaw at the instigation of usurping enemies (a reversal of what one hopes is the more usual
process: the crimes first, then the sentence). Eustace the Monk and Fouke le Fitz Warin are good 13th-century
examples of the type, and historical to boot — though the reader should be warned that their conduct in the
ballads falls a good deal short of Arthurian chivalry. (Eustace, in fact, manages to dabble not only in woodland
brigandry but also piracy and even necromancy over the course of his impressive career.)

Another commonplace of the ballads is that the outlaw's king or liege invariably pardons him at story's end,
and even rewards him with land and honors. This idea may-strain modern credulity, but actually, a number of
medieval outlaws are able to earn pardons forthemselves ‘some on multiple occasions! — by aiding their
sovereign with either money or military might. Indeed, a scandalous number go on, to become officials,
particularly lawmen: The general rule in the Middle Ages is that if someone important needs your services badly
enough, even mass murder and pillage can be forgiven. Clever criminals, take note.

Unfortunately, Robin Hood, the 20th century's consummate gentleman thief, seems to be a yeoman rather
than an earl in his earliest incarnations. Nor does he routinely share his earnings with the poor. On the other
hand, he has astylish way of demanding his due: He courteously "invites" his victims to dine with him, and waits
till afterward to shake them down.

Onamore encouraging note, for those players yearning to portray a Cainite Maid Marian: Womendo sometimes
join robber bands in the medieval period, according to surviving court records, and are outlawed just as readily as their
male counterparts. Joining and leading (as a.vampire would surely expect to do) are two different things, true; quite
afewheads migheneed to be cracked before a gang of bandits accepts a woman's authority — or, ifshe prefersagentler
approach, itmay be more practical tojoinasa regular member and gradually earn recognition through impressive feats.

ASHEN THIEF


be difficult to tell such outlaws from a lord's regular men,
for they oft behave the same. We have no such arrange-
ments with anyone. Fitz Payn's got the lord under his
thumb, and the lord has every freeholder within miles
under his. But that's the most comfortable way to go about
things, I'll grant. A nice warm home for the lads to return
to at night, and influence over the great men who might
otherwise persecute you. Of course, you have to give up a
fat portion of the take in exchange for such privileges.

You can also let some of the men stay with their own
families, if they haven't been outlawed yet, and if their fame
as bandits hasn't reached the wrong ears. That eases the
burden somewhat. A good half-dozen of my lads can dwell at
home safely enough, and of course they do. Better cooking
there. They join us when they can. All the rest, | fear, are too
widely wanted. Usually they stay at an old deserted hunting
lodge a few miles south of that lookout I showed you. It's not
much, but it's big enough to have a fire in.

Let's tether the horses here. We must geta little further
in before the night's done, and all the vampire blood in the
world can't fit these beasts for riding down into that ravine.

Tue DEN

Which is the whole point, of course. This is the
Icome when I don't want to be followed. Even a woods-
man born and bred won't tarry here. Give me your hand.
Mark me, you don't want to fall into that swift stream.

There. Now look across the ravine... see that crack in
the stone's face? You can't see it from higher up because of
thesheltering ledge. Itopens out intoa little cave after afew
feet. Wrap yourself up in a cloak, and you've gota haven for
the day. There are nice little nooks like that all along here.

Well, it's far better than burying yourself in the
forest floor. Carrion-birds and burrowing creatures can't
always tell the difference between a dead man and a
sleeping Cainite, as I've learned to my sorrow. A hound
or pig might dig you half up before you even realize it. I
understand that Gangrel can sink into the earth at dawn
and pop up again at sunset fresh as daisies, but | haven't
managed to talk any into teaching me that trick.

Tue Beast's Lar

Hush. Now, youwere worried about dragons —here, we
must be wary of something far more dangerous. You should
tread quietly, out of respect for the dead if naught else.

You've only been in the Blood a few nights, my lad, but
surely in your breathing days you heard the stories they tell
about this deep wood. Yes, of poor Elton and his vanished
family. You thought perhaps those of the Blood were behind
his murder, did you? Well, I don't blame you, but know that
there are even worse things that that which you have become.

As you grow older, you'll come to hear many terrible
stories of the werewolf and its savagery. Listen well. You see,

they, like we, are a legend proved true; and though little
remains for you to fear, they're surely among that remainder.

What's worse, they run in packs, like their bestial
cousins. There were a pack of them living right here last
year when Elton and his children went a-wandering. Heh!
Your eyes are starting out of your head. Don't worry. The
demons are gone now. Alured the Gangrel speaks with
beasts and learned that they have left on some devilish
endeavor or another. Perhaps more will come sniffing
along someday, but I for one hope not. To face them in
single combat is to ask for destruction, or so Alured says.

In the time since their departure, I have noted a few
signs left behind by the demons. Do you see that stone
there, stood up on end? There are a few more about, and
I believe they mark their territory. That's a silent com-
mand to stay away, and I suggest you keep it. The earth
was also marked with hellish glyphs when I first surveyed
it, but they have faded with the rain. | believe they
marked some form of altar, surely where Elton was fed to
whatever corner of Hell such beasts serve.

Well may you shudder. Let us hope, lad, that you
never see one of these creatures. But if you do, run. They
are powerful, but your blood can make you fast and strong
as well. Fend them off and make for the night.

It's getting close to dawn now; time for bed. Where do
youthink you're going? Look here —the old oak's rotting out
from within, and the trunk's hollow can fit two quite comfort-
ably. Squeeze in under the root there, and we'll block it up
with a stone once we're both within, Of course it works. It
worked for Alured and I when we first saw this place.

D'youknow, the last time I slepthere, I dreamed. We
vampires dream so rarely. Some magic left in the tree, I
suppose. Perhaps it'll happen again today. If you dream
too, you must tell me what it was about. Mayhap it'll hold
something of our future in it.

BRAMBER CASTLE,
FVUDIENCE CHAMBER,
THe Next EVEN

Really.

I confess myself fascinated. A dream, you say.

No, no, I believe you, sir. Scripture recounts many
episodes of prophecy in dreams. If only Pilate had heeded
as well as you do.

Yes, young Baldwin has been invited the mélée;
indeed, we look forward to seeing him. And yes, he is
much as you describe, golden hair and a red beard, a
portion of flesh missing from the lobe of his left ear. He
lost it to a Saracen blade just before his Embrace. He
almost as new in the Blood as you are, sir; a finer, more
valiant vassal could hardly be imagined.

WEARING THE WOLF'S HEAD


I take it very kindly that you come to warn us of the
threat against him. By God's grace, perhaps the tragedy
you foresee shall be averted. Neither he nor youneed die
for the sake of your sire's foolish vendetta.

Hm? Ah, your sire. Well, you must understand, he
has committed crimes against his liege's honor, and more
importantly, against the Traditions of Caine. | cannot
afford to overlook such things. If he were to sue for
pardon, to offer me suitable recompense, that would be
another matter; but you have said it yourself. He is too
proud, and will never bow to me willingly. It is...
regrettable. I understand he is your mortal cousin? Ah.
Doubly regrettable, then. My clan believes very strongly
in the sacredness of the blood tie.

Nevertheless, you must ask yourself if you are prepared
tojoin him on his dark path to perdition. You did say he has
no idea you're here? Ah, that was clever of you. Good.

Let me have a look at you, my young fellow. Your
profile is pleasing, and I notice that you "can of cour-
tesy,"as they say. Your grandfathera knight? A Crusader?
That speaks well of you. And you have dreamed to do the
same? Well, I have precious little influence with the
Pope, I'm afraid, so you might have to wait a while for
that... but the knighthood might be seen to. In time. If
you prove yourself worthy of it. In the meantime, you
shall have to content yourself with serving me as the new
captain of that bandit regiment.

Ofcourse. As I said, there'll always be banditry. I could

try to stamp these little vermin out. Perhaps I would even

succeed, for a time — though it's not as easy as you might
think. I know that my sheriff is indeed mine. He is pledged
tome in blood. But when it comes to his bailiffs, I can only
do so much to ensure their honesty and courage. expect at
least a few of them have arrangements with your cousin.

No, one simply can't rely on the wheel of justice to
tread such men under. Bounty hunters are far more
dependable. Such expertise doesn't come cheaply, natu-
rally. My neighbor prince in Kent once managed to rid
himself of a particularly stubborn robber gang through
the clever device of pardoning a condemned robber to
lead a force against them. However, the man also
demanded to be made chief forester as a reward. Which
he was, until he died mysteriously a few months later.
Yet —and this is the salient point — another gang has
appeared right in the old one's place, along the same
stretch of highway.

As for your cousin's men, of course, | could have sent
all the bounty hunters I liked against them, and all in
vain. Do you know, it had begun to occur to me that they
were much cleverer than most bandits? I should hardly
be surprised to find a childe of Caine in charge.

And a childe of Caine will remain in charge. You
will prevent the men from harassing my guests, of course;
indeed, you will keep a watch on the highway and inform

ASHEN THIEF

me of any Cainites you see traveling along it, so that I
may send them escorts as appropriate. You will also
ensure that the robbers' greed and bloodthirst stays
within reasonable limits. You will report to me on the
goings-on in the wilder corners of Sussex. And it may
come about, now and again, that I ask you to waylay some
particular victim. There are times when an enemy's tools
must be disposed of discreetly, and if their misfortune can
be blamed on an accident of travel, so much the better.

Don't be ridiculous. Arrangements like these are
hardly a novelty among our kind. You've no doubt heard
of this or that company of brigands being maintained by
this or that mortal lord. Well, the benefits are the same
for us as for them. For one thing, there are only so many
legitimate ways to profit from the commerce which
passes through one's realm. Through you I shall effec-
tively be putting another tariff in place, and one for
which no account need be made anywhere. Is it really
just that so much wealth should pour through this area,
using our highways and waterways, without benefiting
the local folk and especially the local ruler?

Thave heard of worse usesand abuses, certainly. I don't
suppose you know of Mithras yet — your sire hasn't
mentioned him. No. Well, understand that on more than
‘one occasion, great Mithras himself has caused the forma-
tion of Cainite-led robberbandsin the north—particularly
Yorkshire — as a way of distracting his vassals and en-
emies. You see, a prince's prestige rests on his ability to
follow through on promises and threats. Ifhe cannot even
convene a summer court in safety, how can he dare hope
that any real business of state shall be conducted in his
domain? And if nothing of importance takes place in his
domain, well, how important can his domain be?

Bandit gangs may serve asa form of extortion against
‘one's neighbors, as well. Mortals rely on this trick con-
stantly. One lord puts forth some proposal or treaty to
another lord; the second lord refuses; lo and behold, he
finds that his merchants who trade within the first lord's
territory are plagued as never before by thieves and
murderers. If he complains, he receives nothing but a
shrug of the shoulders in return. Being an observant
fellow, or so one hopes, eventually he's sure to notice
that no one else's citizens endure such treatment — but
that's because they, unlike him, have agreed to be rea-
sonable. Soon afterward, he too shall concede whatever
is requested of him. This ruse has also served many a
Cainite master well.

Then, though you may not believe it, there are afew
Cainites who host robbers against their will. Indeed.
Well, young sir, as you come to learn more about our
ways, you will understand. Most of us labor under various
obligations of honor. For instance, an age-old Ventrue
tradition dictates that if another of the clan should
formally request hospitality from me, I am compelled to


give him at least a night and a day's worth, even if the
petitioner is an ancient enemy. Only if the petitioner is
guilty of breaking a Tradition is this obligation lifted.
Not that one night of hospitality is all that useful to a
bandit, unless he happens to be on the run.

And there are certainly other situations in which one
finds oneself forced to keep company with the disrepu-
table. You've already encountered one, alas. | daresay you
didn't realize, when you agreed to the Embrace, that your
site was wanted by Cainite as well as mortal authorities?
Heneglected to mention it? Well, there youhave it. Blood
is thicker than water, as they say. And it works the other
way as well. Hardly an elder in Christendom is without...
embarrassments among his childer. But if he disowns
them, refuses to receive them when they call, it only draws
further attention to the scandal; and in any case, petty
immoralities like robbing and killing mortals are hardly
considered sufficient grounds for such a rejection. Ties of
marriage can be similarly entangling. And finally, there
are obligations of prestation. Even an unasked-for favor
must be repaid upon demand. Asa result, I know of several
princes in England who must play host, willy-nilly, to
scoundrels and mercenaries. Of course, if one must, re-
gardless of whether one profits by it or not, then one may
as well profit.

That's good advice for you as well.

Besides, there are matters of security at stake. You
must learn to think of yourself as one of a ruling class,

young sir. We rule over the humans, even if they don't
realize it. And like all subjects, they have a tendency to

become... discontented now and again. Most of them
are cattle by nature, too cowardly ever to rebel against
their betters. But far too many know quite well how to
take up arms and get what they want by force.

By managing these bandits for me, you shall mollify
one of the more shiftless and dangerous populations of
men in my realm. That protects all of us. Heylyn of the
Oaken Tower — ah, have you heard of him? A bold
leader, but also a careless one. It seems one of his squires
came to realize what he truly was, took control of the
band, and led the men on a raiding tour of Dorsetshire.
Somehow he managed to wrest a number of secrets out
of his former master. Three Cainites were burned to
death in their own havens before the massacre could be
stopped, and I firmly believe that blasted squire is still
running around some corner of England with that blasted
Tremere trinket. An object lesson in caution, young sir;
take it to heart.

Now come. We must have our plans well-laid. 1
want your sire to survive to stand trial if at all possible.
Let me summon my scourge now, for he's very clever at
the strategy for this sort of thing. What's that? A
scullery maid? Treachery in my kitchen! Well, you
can't trust anyone anymore...

TORYTELLING FOR
RIGHND

Oh, sure, it sounds as though it should be ea:

Hood with fangs, right? The idea has an immediate swash-
buckling appeal. However, actually structuring a chronicle
around a band of Cainite merry men (or even one Cainite
plus ghouls/mortal consorts) presents a number of logistical
and dramatic difficulties. A few obstacles to be aware of:

* Isolation. The traditional theater of vampiric
conflict is the court, that infamous nest of intrigue.
Although players' characters need not be habituates of
Elysium to become involved in such plots, they must
either dwell in close proximity, or have reliable means of
keeping informed of events and influencing them in
turn. Cainite courts certainly exist outside the major
cities and towns of Europe, but they tend to be far
smaller; indeed, they often consist simply of a prince and
his personal brood, with occasional visiting guests. The
opportunities for direct vampire-versus-vampire rivalry
are thus spread far thinner for rural characters, particu-
larly Cainite "outlaws" and officials like the scourge who
spend a great deal of time under starlight.

¢ The Outlaw Coterie. When you think aboutit, there
are very few reasons for Cainites to take up the brigand's way
enmasse. Yes, it'sa quick path to riches, ifdone strategicall
However, steep problems face such characters as well,
particularly feeding and shelter. The more vampires in the
group, the less local vitae there is to go around. Nor does it
take multiple immortals to overpower the usual prey of
brigands, and more substantial victims (such as fellow
Cainites) probably pass through only occasionally. Thus,
while it might make sense for a coterie to contrive a few
ambushes against specific targets, the justification for a
whole gang dwelling in the forest full-time is fairly thin.

* The Silence of Blood. Cainites who wish to make
their fortunes as brigands will certainly want a substantial
group of mortals in their employ. After all, clear superiority
of numbers is the best way to ensure victims' speedy and
bloodlesssurrender. Smallershares of loot, yes, butit's worth
the greater chance of living to rob again, isn't it? And while
awould-be robber-king can insulate himself from having to
deal closely with his men if necessary (by using ghoul
proxies for example), that deprives a character who is
already largely isolated from Cainite society of another
major opportunity for social interaction. On the other
hand, ifthe character usesa more hands-on style of manage-
ment (more fun for all concerned), then he must contend
almost nightly with the question of how to either conceal
his true nature or put it in the most flattering light possible.

© Torchlight vs. Halogen. The true curse of Dark Ages
vampires: mortals simply aren't as active in the evening as
they will be in centuries to come. That especially applies to

WEARING THE WOLFS HEAD


travel. People don't ride at night when they can help it,
evenonthesmoothesthighway. Non-ghoul horsesstumble
inthedark, and during the new moon or on overcast nights,
human beings can't see past the few yards of illumination a
lamp or torch provides. Even most raids take place during
the day (particularly raids on markets, a favorite tactic of
medieval brigands), although there's at least some strategic
justification for descending upon a sleeping inn ot village.
The day-to-day business of brigandry is just that — day to
day — which cuts vampires out of much of the fun.

SOLUTIONS

All that said, there are a number of ways to overcome,
or, more to the point, sidestep these obstacles while milking
the outlaw legend for every drop of story potential:

© Deeper Characterization. Since the cast of charac-
ters for a Sherwood Forest chronicle is likely to be smaller
than that for oneset in, say, Constantinople, the Storyteller
must ensure that all the dramatis personae, including the
players' coterie, are even more richly layered than usual.

Nota single character should go to waste, most espe-
cially not the villain. The device of a shadowy,
nigh-invincible nemesis who is suggested largely through
the actions of her pawns and henchmen won't give nearly
as much mileage here as in a city chronicle. You need a
villain whois truly fun to hate — even if she's not intended
toserveaschief villain for the entire chronicle, lechermake
the most of the spotlight while she's got it. Try making her
as clever and powerful as the combined coterie, so that the
chronicle can careen satisfyingly to and fro as heroes and
villain exchange tenuous victories and narrow defeats. Feel
free to provide lucky breaks as needed, within reason. Give
everyone in the setting a detailed past, as well as strong
feelings about a number of issues (religion, class, current
mortal wars, royal successions, the elders of the region, etc.).

* Mortals, Mortals, Mortals. An extension of the
same principle. As noted above, your Cainite brigands are
likely to be dealing more closely with mortals than most
other vampires. Make their cohorts and victims colorful
(especially the more despicable types), and spend a lot of
time demonstrating how the vagaries of these people's petty
existences affect the characters. Yes, the cheapness of
mortal life is a potent theme for Vampire games in general
and Dark Ages games in particular, but the theme is doubly
potent when demonstrated on mortals that the characters
have come to appreciate, even as comic relief. Robin
wouldn't have been much good at all without Little John
and Much the Miller's Son; don't let anybody forget that.

Don't let the myriad rural settings where mortals can be
encountered gotowaste, either. The woodscan host hermits,
poaching villeins and royal huntsmen alike; the local mon-
astery and its neighboring village are bound to be hotbeds of |
minor dramas; ditto for the local manor and its neighboring
village, whether or not any Cainites reside there.

ASHEN THIEF

A band of human brigands with a vampire chief is far
more plausible than one with multiple Cainites. If your
chronicle's robber band fits this model, consider letting
the other players in the troupe create mortal characters
in the brigand band for part-time or even full-time play.

* Sponsorship. It's all too common for brigands and
highwaymen to collude with local lords, magnates and
officials. If your players' characters have made such
arrangements with a nearby vampire, thatcanserve both
asaconnection to the wider circles of Cainite society and
as a source of endless story hooks. The characters will
certainly end up getting entangled in their patron's
intrigues whether they like it or not (after all, they're too
useful a tool to ignore), particularly if their patron also
supports a brood or a Cainite court.

Alternatively, you might cast the characters them-
selvesas the lordly sponsors, which gives you, as Storyteller,
more freedom. The characters can take an active role in the
brigand band more or less as it pleases them — he who pays
the rent runs the show — and then leave it in the hands of
surrogates when they must attend to more traditional plot
linesin their elders' city and country courts. (Make sure that
their patronage of criminals gets them into political trouble
more than once!) This approach also helps solve some of
the logistical problems, since the characters will have a
manor house or perhaps even a fortified castle at their
disposal. On the other hand, it does undercut the mystique
of rebels living by their wits in the wild greenwood.

¢ Rebels With A Cause. On that subject: If your
chronicle is built around a gang of bona fide woodland
robber-vampires who must get along without easy access
to well-fed vessels and soft havens, they'd better have a
good reason to be doing what they're doing.

Is it survival? Do they literally have no other option? Is
there some reason why they can't simply leave the area and
try to find a more comfortable existence elsewhere? Is ita
burning vendetta, and if so, why do they all share this
common hatred? And how long can youas Storyteller keep
the vendetta from being satisfied, and what happens after
that? Is it greed, and ifso, why are they taking this particular
get-rich-quick route? What do they plan todo with theirill-
gotten gains? How did they meet? Were they fellow-brigands
in mortal life who got Embraced together somehow and just
haven't thought to change careers, or were they all origi-
nally captains of separate bands who have now agreed to
combine forces? The better the answers to these questions,
the more easily plot lines will develop.

Anoble cause is, of course, the very stuff of legend, so it's
worth it to your players to try to find one. .. or to make their
characters paint their cause as noble, whatever the reality of
the matter. Rebellions have a tendency tolive on in story and
song, even when the historical truth isnowhere nearaspretty.
Moreover, there are always (at least) two sides to every story,
and most criminals are justified in their own minds.


An outlaw chronicle that takes on such moral over-
tones provides a perfect opportunity to show the
disturbingly fine distinctions between warand brigandage
(picture, for instance, an Outremer chronicle where the
characters, as Crusaders, are essentially brigands for Christ);
beeween true justice and suppression of dissidence; be-
tween legitimate and de facto authority; between violence
in the name of whatever and violence for its own sake (if
your coterie consists of hopeless idealists, consider letting
their precious cause degenerate horribly over time as they
and their followers lose touch with their roots); between
real vampiric depredations and the metaphorical vampir-
ism of mortal authorities; and much, much more.

Have fun.

RIGANDS
EYOND THE Woop

This chapter has focused on those criminals most associ-
ated with the term "brigand": robbers and highwaymen who
preyontravelersthrough the forestsand countryside ofEurope.
And given the importance of this setting to Vampire: The
Dark Ages, that's quite appropriate. There are other places
where bandits and thieves ply their trade, however, and some
mention needs to be made of them. The following sections
should serve as primers for your own imagination.

Tue TALES oF DEAD MEN:
Dark MEpIEVAL Prracy

Some mention deserves to be made of what is, after all,
atrade as old as seafaring, which itself is practically as old as
civilization. Alas, 1197 is not a peak year for piracy (al-
though it certainly continues to plague every ocean known
to man). In Outremer, the Crusades once again freshly
haunt local memory, ever since King Richard recently
marauded up the coast of Palestine — taking the island of
Cyprus in the process. Still, the peace treaty he signed
afterward with Saladin isstill in effect (though not forlong).

The Hospitalers retain only Tripoli from their major
holdings. By the end of the coming century, they are
further exiled to Cyprus; upon becoming compulsory
islanders, they turn their military genius more and more
to naval pursuits, and by the 14th century, under their
new name of the Knights of Rhodes, they number among
the most notorious pirates and corsairs of the Mediterra-
nean. All thatis far in the future, of course. Still, passions
in the Holy Land run high in the wake of the war, and
where there's ill will, there's inevitably privateering, on
the part of Christians and Muslims both. No doubt the
Hospitalers contribute their fair share to the effort even
at this early date. The diminished Crusader States, now
hemmed in on a narrow strip of freshly regained coast-
line, depend heavily upon Italian shipping for their trade

goods. Cutting off that supply line would undoubtedly
devastate them, perhaps even crush them for all time.

The Balearic Islands of Spain, particularly Majorca, are
under strong Islamic rule at the moment. Indeed, Majorca
itself is now powerful enough to offer its protection (which,
obviously, comes with strings attached) toanumberof ports
on the African coast with which it trades extensively. Ithas
become astonishingly rich on thiscommerce, and Palma, its
majorcity, is famous for its bakeries, bathhousesand palaces.

However, trouble brews even in this paradise. The
eternally feuding maritime states of Pisa and Genoa
continue to harass each other for dominance over the
Mediterranean trade routes; Majorca is a prize either of
them would pay dearly to get, not only because of its
importance as a trade port, but also because it would
serve as an excellent launching pad for corsair attacks
against either city's ships. Majorca's government also has.
an ongoing rivalry with the mainland Muslims. In the
face of these multiple conflicts, it becomes progressively
weaker and more vulnerable to piracy, particularly after
a revolt and subsequent conquest by the Almohads.

Sicily and Malta have been back in Christian hands for
a little over a century, but their nobles still remember the
lessons learned under the Muslim pirates and corsairs.
Indeed, the current Count of Malta (the Genoese captain
Guglielmo Grasso) and hisrecently deposed predecessorare
both famed for their piratical exploits. While the Maltese
fleets raid Muslim ships with great gusto, they don't neces-
sarily forbear from attacking Christian merchantmen and
cities either — particularly those belonging to the hated
Venetian/Byzantine mercantile empire. The King of Sicily,
forhispart, seems perfectly happy with thesituation. Atany
rate, his corsairs continue to enjoy their customary privilege
of not having to pay import tax on foods. Corsica and
Sardinia, while not at their apogee, remain eternally attrac-
tive to pirates seeking a base of operations.

On the Adriatic Sea, Venice and Hungary vie for
control of the Dalmatian ports. Venice being good for
business, the port cities tend to favor the Italians at
present. Although Venice makes a point of clamping
down on piracy (the piracy of others, that is), and has
indeed succeeded in crushing the vast Narentan fleets, the
Omis raiders continue to practice their hereditary craft

Meanwhile, on the North and Baltic Seas, one of the
great mercantile empires of the world is about to be born.
The marriage of Hamburg's salt trade to Liibeck's herring
trade has propelled both of them onto the stage of world
commerce. In the years to come, a number of German and
Baltic ports will join their budding association: the Hanseatic
League. Not only will the Hansa eventually come to domi-
nate trade as far away as Russia, it will also prove a staunch
(and well-funded) foe of piracy in northern waters. Of
course, many merchants come to regard the Hansa's aggres-
sive trade strategies as little more than the civilized version
of a Viking raid, but that is beside the point.

WEARING THE WOLFS HEAD


You Say Prrare, | Say Corsair...

As with'the line between a soldier and a brigand,

the line bétivéen a corsair (or privateer) and a pirate is

| a slender-one indeed. In theory, all-of & corsair's or

privateer's deeds ate rightful acts of war or reprisal,

conducted against a recognized enemy. In practice,

the majotity of seafaring raiders end up preying on

| friendly and hostile vessels both; so the definition of

any one Taidler as.a corsair, privateer ot pirate depends
largely on the attitude of the present speaker.

Pirate Tactics

Many of the basic concerns facing land-based brigands
also bedevil pirates: where to comer the foe, how to
overwhelm the foe without getting oneself killed, how to
obtain booty in a negotiable form, where to hide afterward.
However,although there certainly existsa maritime equiva-
lent of the king's highway (trade routes are relatively fixed
in these dark days, since sailors remain at the mercy of
seasonal winds and currents, as well as their primitive
navigation methods), travel by sea presents its own unique
challenges. Asa result, pirates must employ methods some-
what different from those of their earthbound colleagues:

* Maneuverability: Pirates don't always have the ad-
vantage of numbers. Merchant ships, particularly large cargo
ships, prefer to travel in convoys whenever possible. Clever

ASHEN THIEF

seamanship, however, can make up for a lack of raw force.
Thus, piratestend toprefersmaller, defter, lighter vessels. The
superior handling makes all sorts of clever tactics possible,
such as darting in between enemy ships to break up theit
formation, pulling up close to board aship orram its sides and
circling rapidly around for repeated archery attacks.

* Deception: Although national flags per se are not yet
in use, ships do fly colors; flying under false colors, then, is
certainly a valid strategy even at this early date. A captured
or copied flag can allow the pirate vessel to sail right up to
its victims without fear; once they are close enough that the
enemy's vessel (which is usually clumsier, particularly if
loaded down with cargo) can't get away quickly, the pirates
reveal their true nature and make their demands.

Other forms of bluffing are equally important tools in
the pirate's arsenal: Pirate vessels should be well-armed in
order to frighten the enemy into surrender, but in truth,
it's to the pirate's advantage to damage the ship and its
occupants as little as possible. Damage to the ship can
result in the loss of booty and prisoners, by the same token,
can be held for ransom (if they're rich), hired on as
crewmen (if they'te skilled) or enslaved (if they're neither
rich nor skilled). Waste not, want not is the pirate's way

* Mercy: Believe it or not, a reputation for going easy on
captured victims (once they're overpowered, of course) can
work topirates' advantage. Afterall, the majority of peopleon
a ship are usually crew, who, unless they too happen to be


raiders, often have only their wages to motivate them. If they
know they won't be harmed, many will gladly surrender
withouta fight. Even merchant captains whose own cargo is
at stake can frequently be persuaded to give up a portion of
their treasure if it will avoid bloodshed and the devastating
losses that a battle might bring; but if they have reason to
suspect that the pirates won't honor a promise of mercy,
they're far less likely to be reasonable.

* Friends in High (and Low) Places: As with
landlubber thieves, all the loot in the world isn't much
good ifyoucan'tspend it. Although pirates prefer, in times
of real desperation, to seek out remote havens protected
by mountainous coastline (this is why they love Wales so
dearly) and treacherously narrow marine passages, the
merchants willing to sail out to such godforsaken locales
to buy stolen goods are a sparse and stingy lot.

Fortunately, any number of seafaring nations count
themselves privileged to take pirate custom: to repair
their ships, buy their wares, change their foreign silver,
ply them with a constant stream of venal pleasures and
so forth. Governors of outlying territories, unhappy with
the relative meagerness of their lot and eager to make
useful friends, are often particularly accommodating.
Monarchs, for their part, happily overlook and even abet
piracy as long as it causes more trouble to their current
enemies than to themselves. Corsairs should always be
wary of their powerful patrons, however; politics in the
Dark Medieval world are notoriously unstable, and a
man can find himself degraded from needed ally to
superfluous embarrassment in less than a heartbeat.

* Cowardice: Don't tell the poets, but most pirate
ships simply sail away if their victims begin to put up a
determined resistance. After all, as has been pointed out,
pirate ships generally enjoy greater maneuverability —
no reason not to use it. Unless there's some specific
reason to suspect that a particular enemy holds a cargo
worth the risk of dying to discover, of course.

TooLs OF THE TRADE

A few ship types for the main Dark Ages period
(note that the difference between a pirate ship and a
legitimate ship is largely in how it's used and armed):

buss: A more up-to-date version of the knarr (see
below). Chiefly used for fishing and coastal trade.

cog: A workhorse ofa merchantship, witha rightstem
and high sides (which discourages unwanted boarding).
When weighted at the bottom with cargo or ballast, the cog
is exceptionally stable. A good choice for longer voyages

dhow: An ancient style of lateen-rigged ship, widely
used throughout the Muslim world. (Lateen sails repre-
sent a great advance over the square sail, but it will take
the Westerners some time yet to incorporate it.) Can be
single- or double-masted. Traditionally, planks are sewn
together with coconut fiber rather than nailed, a practice

which Arab shipwrights gradually abandon as they begin
to experiment with Western construction techniques.
galea: A smaller, lighter, faster version of the Byzan-
tine galley, originally designed for spy missions, which
makes it quite useful as a pirate vessel.
galley: An ancient form of vessel, primarily propelled by
cars and used mainly in the Mediterranean where the dol-
drums (a lack of wind to propel a sailing ship) are common.
hulk: Similar to the cog, and often confused with it.
knarr: The classic Viking-style longship, which con-
tinues to be used, though less and less widely, throughout
the Middle Ages. A fleet ship, its shallow draft permits it
to be beached easily almost anywhere, thus providing
pirate captains with a convenient method for escaping
enemies and raiding coastal settlements. (Particularly
determined raiders have even been known to convey it
overland across an isthmus in order to confound pursuit.)
nef: A generic French word for "ship," but in this
period it most often refers to a common type of Western
European single-masted square-sailed ship with a high
stern and prow, astarboard rudder, and sometimes one or
more "castles" fore and aft.

Tue BANU SASAN:

ROGUES OF ARABY

"Eehas sleptwith the Sufis, has banged his food-bagon the side
of the mihrab, and has slept under the rush mats in the mosques..."

—Beggar proverb

Although itis the focusof The Ashen Thief, Western
Europe certainly has no monopoly on brigands and other
ne'er-do-wells. Indeed, the tremendous civic and techno-
logical achievements of Islamic society are not without
their dark reflection. When (and if) Crusaders wash back
upon the western shores of the Bosphorus, their awe-filled
tales recount not only the ingenuity of the Arab physi-
cians, but also that of the Arab scoundrels. Arguably the
most remarkable of these are the Banu Sasan.

The "Sons of Sasan' like to claim descent from Persian
royalty — Shaikh Sasan was supposedly an imperial heir
who, upon being cheated out of his succession, took to the
vagabond life; but whatever the original truth of that
legend, the Banu Sasan brotherhood now encompasses a
multitude of ethnicities and professions. It shelters Arabs,
Kurds, Persians, Bedouins, Kabulisand Rrom; blind beggars,
false cripples, bear-trainers, astrologers, street-preachers,
housebreakers and hardened killers all find their place in its
thronging masses. Even the term "brotherhood" is amisno-
mer, for many women belong as well (as the jargon attests
— for instance, baz refers to a beggar woman who is faking
paralysis, baghla to one faking blindness).

Thecommondenominator, ifthere isone, isdeceit. Even
in 1197, a burgeoning literature testifies to the cleverness of
Sasani tricks — now with ostensible disapproval, now with

WEARING THE WOLFS HEAD


| THe Canire Perspecrive: A
CRUSADER ADMIRAL'S GLOAT

... and s6 yousee, my dearest sister in Blood, that

| al-Din Bakr al-Mubarrak because he is a godlessinfidel,
1 may'certainly pursue him, for the wanton breach of
| Tradition, and the Amici will be well satisfied:
Now, thanks be to Him that died for us — and to
your cleverness, of course — my enemy has provided us
| that opening. All that remains is to prove his careless-
ness to the Amici. It is my sincere belief that ifhis mortal
! lieutenant isshipwreckedand finds that he must either
| drink from the wristofa Frank or succumb to the decay
that has awaited him so long, he will drink; and then 1
shall have all the secrets Irequire from him. Accord-
ingly, [have spoken to the Venetian, who hasagreed to
captain the effort on my behalf.

I can fairly hear you now, cautioning me to be
| wary with the scoundrel. Never fear! I have sailed on
expeditions of war and parley quite often enough to
know a pirate when I see one, and that he undoubt-
edly is. But unless his necromancy has taught him
tricks even the Devil would blush to know, none of his
pasty ilk will ever be able to:match one of the
Magister's blood in seamanship. Can they call up the
void to blacken the waters so that even Cainite ships
run aground thinking they have not yet reached their
depth, and make a cloaking gloom descend over an
entire convoy of vessels? Can they call up false silhou-
ettes of villages on the shore ‘and sirens on the rock, to
lure unwary sailors totheirdoom? Does the great Deep
flow through their heart and soul,as it does ours? Until
it does, and until he can, he dare not betray me.

He has, of course, requested a favor from me in
exchange for seeing to it that the Tres Magos of Tay
meets its unfortunate end. It seems there is a certain
young student in Toledo—some little Norman barbar-
ian from the wilds of the Boulonnais, named Eustace —
who presently seeks'to ingratiate himself with that
notorious cabal of sorcerers at the University, and with-
outmuch luck. My Venetian friend wishes me toarrange
forthe youngman'sremoval tohis care. You would think
there were enough aspiring wizards in his own miserable
swamp! Perhaps he hopes to disrupt his clan's mortal
enemiesin Toledo, or pethaps he hassome other wicked
thing in mind entirely. In any case, it is a simple, even
modest request, and I do not see how I can deny it him
when my enemy is so nearly within my grasp...

outright admiration, but always with the titillating details.
The chroniclers devote special attention to the ways in which
Arabic science can be put to wicked use. A concoction of
dragon's blood, gum arabic and gum tragacanth can raise

ASHEN THIEF

piteous sores; indigo-leaf, basil, cubeb and green vitriol, when
boiled up and smeared on the skin, produces the effect of
leprosy. Should mere leprosy fail to elicit onlookers' charity,
razor bladescan produce wounds "delivered by the jinn," while
evenmoreradical procedures involvinganimal windpipescan
simulate severe hemorrhoids. Ground mustard in a cloth or
olive oilcan help the false pilgrim to Meccaconjure upastorm
ofconvincing tears. Clevermetallurgy candressupaworthless
bronze trinket with a precious-looking veneer. (If all this
industry seems excessive, bear in mind whatahighly competi-
tive profession false-seeming can be. After all, there's only so
much coin out there, and it always goes to whoever seems the
most deserving.)

Yet despite the numerous exposés, the akhshan — the
dupes—keep flocking back togetfleeced. Asin the Christian
world, almsgiving is recognized as a prerequisite to Muslim
piety. The Prophet himself reportedly admonished the faith-
ful, "Give to a beggar, even if he appears before you mounted
on horseback!" And like Christians, Muslims have a roman-
tic attachment to the figure of the mendicant holy man. This
mystique cloaks and protects the able-bodied beggars of the
Banu Sasan somewhat. Asfor the other disreputables, as long
as they cansteer clear of themuhtasib (an official charged with
maintenance of order in markets and other public spaces,
among other things) and the shurta (city guard), they can
enjoy all the riches a gullible world has to offer. Or so the
Sasani poets would have one believe.

A LEXICON OF SHRACEN THIEVERY

If only to provide a glimmer of the variety of Sasani
endeavors, following are a few definitions and jargon
terms. Use them to pepper a visit to the East and to spark
ideas for deceptions far and wide.

akhshan: (sing. khushni) Outsiders, dupes.

anbar: A place for dividing up or storing spoils.
Sometimes a rented space, in which case the owner is
sure to demand a cut of the take.

buhlul: A master beggar. Beggar-men in particular are
expected totakeon young ladsas "squires" (and, ifyoubelieve
the poets, catamites). Accounts also speak of Sasani shaikhs,
hinting at another, higher level of organization. Presumably
these bosses would organize a system for collecting dues in
exchange for their "protection" and arbitration. (After all,
what good is a fancy title if it doesn't net you anything?)

dar al-qaum: A beggars' house. These are usually
transient affairs at best, but while the dar al-qaum is in use,
beggars who are too sick to work their usual rounds can
come to it for soup and other handouts from their fellows.

ghazi: A fighter for the faith. Many a beggar takes on
the persona of a ghazi, raising funds to return to the front,
to ransom captured colleagues or to mounta renewed war
effort somewhere. Posingasa refugee can bring much the
same results. Some beggars even swallow their tongues
and, via a companion or wax tablet, explain that the
enemy has mutilated them.


hadhur: A circle of mountebanks, astrologers, quacks,
amulet-makers and other such charlatan miracle-workers.

hakiya: A mimic, especially one who can pretend to
be a foreigner or converted infidel in order to work a
confidence game.

khannaq: A "strangler" — that is, a thief who
murders his victims. Most operate by either befriending
and betraying or else drugging their marks; many pose as
travelers or pilgrims, which gives them a convenient
excuse to hook up with other travelers.

mastaba: A raised platform in front of a mosque. The
Banu Sasan.can'tpractice their trade in the mosque itself, but
the mastaba and the suffa (the mosque's portico) are marvel-
ousstaging grounds for tricks ofall sorts. Fake relics of Muslim
heroes' tombs are easily sold there, and pickpockets can take
advantage of many distractions (whetherreal orstaged).One
classof beggars specializes in creating obnoxiousdisturbances
just outside the mosque until the beleaguered worshippers
pay them to go away. Others, in a medieval version of the
windshield-cleaning, sprinkle rosewater on passerby and
then demand payment for services rendered. Mosques are a
popular place for paupers to spend the night; the stokeholds
ofbathhouses and kitchens, however, are warmer —one can
frequently tell a beggar from the ashes on his back.

muna"is: Shoplifters who prey on market carts.

munaghat: Cant, argot.

musta'rid: A con artist posing as a "distressed gentle-
man" who has lost everything to fire or infidels. Musta'rids are
highly respected, being comparatively big-time operators.

muzankil: One who preys upon pilgrims to Mecca. A
common ruse is to offer to complete the arduous journey
ona weary pilgrim's spiritual behalf — for a fee, of course.
Another is for the trickster to stand by the road weeping
over the carcass of a dead camel, and explain to passing
"fellow pilgrims" that without money fora new mount, his
holy mission is doomed to failure; in a more gruesome
version, he might stand over the corpse of a man instead,
and beg money for his "friend's" funeral shroud.

nabbash: A grave-robber. (Evidently this is a com-
mon occupation. Cappadocians, beware.)

naggab: A thief who specializes in tunneling intopeople's
cellars. Other housebreakers employ an accomplice to distract
the targets — for instance, by posing asa member of the shurta
city-guard and leading the family off on "official business."

ass: (also ww''az) A streetpreacher andstoryteller. Like
the wandering friars of Europe, these Muslim orators are
condemned by the higher religious authorities; but, as in
Europe, this hardly hurts their popularity. A wise qasscan tell
stories of the A lids' martyrdom to gain Shi'ite sympathiesand
pontificate on the virtues of Abu Bakr to get Sunni coin. If
he is especially clever, he might plant a kan (stooge) in the
audience to whip up enthusiasm, or even aganna' (one who
pretends to be an infidel and is "converted" to Islam over the
course of the sermon). Beggars also frequently pose as Sufi

wise men or dervishes, and perform any number of "super-
natural" feats to prove their mystic power.

sahib at-tarig: A "gentleman of the road" — ie., a
highwayman. Mutashabbiha is an old term for masked bandits.

tarrar: A common pickpocket. Other simple variants
of the thiefs trade include the practice of standing on
rooftops with a hooked pole and fishing from passing
wagons, as well as the delightfully simple ruse of stopping in
the street to urinate, and when the folk nearby avert their
eyes out of modesty, grabbing their goods and running off.

zakuriyyun: Beggars who carry a special food-bag for
going door-to-door. Door-to-door begging is a highly
prestigious, specialized and competitive field: mughallis,
for instance, catch people on their way to work, while the
‘isha'an catch families at suppertime.

IsatMic CAINITES,
CRIME AND THE BANU SASAN

Christian Cainites have no monopoly on roguery.
A wide variety of Islamic vampires gain benefit from
mortal thieves, beggars.and con artists or partake in
these crimes themsélves. Spécialized skills like the
naggab'sproficiencae@tering Yaderpround dwellings
can be very useful in violating an enemy's haven, for
example. The Followers of Set are quite numerous in
Islamic regions and donorhesitate to use false-seeming
and other practices inthe setvie@of their dark god.

Clan Assamité — moresproperly, the Children of
Haqim — usually try to limit these activities in the
areas they influence, much like Ventrue and Lasombra
princes do in Europe, Thesclan's vizier caste includes a
fair number of legal scholars from many traditions, and
they have'little tolerance for thieves and charlatans.
The warrior caste, despite an increasing willingness to
partake in- murder for hire, has embraced.a certain
Islami¢ militancy. Vampitic muzankil and qais had best
bewarecéspeelally etventhar many ochétlocal Cainites
also have strong feelings about Islam.

‘The-Banu Sasan thémselves are:largely a. mortal
phenomenon, although one that hasattracted Cainite
attention. A wide variety of vampires have piggy-
backedontothe brotherhood, makingghoulsorseryants
of vafiods thienibers;for theintain purposes" After all,
skilled:thieves, beggars and con artists make excellent
spies. A'Ravnos‘named Abu-Jamal has-been more
ambitious' than most; trying to gain influence over
larger parts of the brotherhood. So far he and his brood
have managed to impact the flow of coin in parts of
Egypt, and they are expanding into the Levant. How-
ever, hisattemptstomoveinfo Damascusand Jerusalem
have attracted the unwanted attention of his powerful
clanmate Varsik (sce Jerusalem by Night). A reckon:
ing between the two Charlatans — with the Banu
Sasan caught in the middle — may well be in order.



apter Three}
2° Slames of =k

Violence and injucy enclose in their
net all that do such things, anid genec—
ally cefucn upon hirn voho began.

- Lucretius, De Reeum Vietuca


The hatchet rose, its edge a glittering line in the torch-
light. The ghoul stood stolidly on the gravel of the courtyard
The elder Cainite stroked his chin.

"Do you understand how you have failed me, Philippe?"

The young Cainite grimaced, his wrist laid across the
hatchet-scarred stump where the manor's chickens tradition-
ally shuffled off the mortal coil. "Yes, sire."

"Do you understand that I do not tolerate failure, that
it breeds more failure?"

"Yes, sire."

"Amputate the hand, Artur."

The ghoul brought the hatchet down with practiced skill.
The hand twitched for amoment on the block, as ifit, like the
chickens, might scuttle off. Then it collapsed into ash.

"You might think your little faux pas was minor,
Philippe, and you might hate me for what I do, but my sire
did it to me, and I think there's a lesson to be learned.
Everything is critical — we don't live in a world that's
tolerant of failure."

"I dripped wax on your cloak, master."

"Our world is not very tolerant of insolence either,
Philippe. Artur, take the other hand as well."

The ghoul nodded, and the white-faced young Cainite
placed his other wrist on the block. Inside, he boiled, but not
now, and not here. There would come a time, though.
Someday, there would come a time.

For the young neonate, Cainite society is often quite
oppressive. Vampires are usually strongly overmatched by
theirsires, and their society asa whole favors the old over the
young, the strong over the weak. For every Cainite forwhom
unlife isa gift ora liberation, there is another who spends her
existenceasa virtual slave to hersire and elders, either bound
bythe blood oath orsimply hopelessly in theirdebtand thrall.

This servitude doesn't necessarily mean that the vam-
pire is her sire's servant and lackey (though it often does).
Being the object of a hopelessly enraptured elder Cainite's
affection is at least as terrible a fate as being his servant —
indeed, it is quite likely worse. The elder is far more likely to
subjecthis"true love" to the blood oath than amere catspaw.

For unfortunates, immortality means an eternity of
servitude. They cannot escape, ot dare not. While this
may seem like cowardice, it is not. Many paramours and
minions know all too much about their sires' comings and
goings and plans to be allowed to flee. After having seen

How Bap Can Ir Br?

Reading this section, you can easily get the
impression that every young Cainite is a maltreated
wretch whose site lies to, manipulates and shame-
lessly exploits him. Obviously, this isn't the case.
Some sires treat their childer quite well. However,
very few of the fortunate childer end up becoming
Furores, and so this section isn't going to talk about
them very much. Thatdoesn't mean they don't exist,
only that they're not germane to the material at hand.

the way elder Cainites deal with the disloyal, many such
childer choose to suffer an agonizing night-to-night exist-
ence rather than the wrath of their sires and broodmates.

Other Cainites restrain their childer from rebellion
by misinformation. Some teach their childer that diablerie
is the common custom of Cainites, that the childer must
lay in a particular grave or tomb under pain of death, or
that there are a bare handful of vampires in the world,
and that flight means an eternity alone.

Finally, there are those who simply cannot run.
Some are held under the blood oath and thus cannot
conscience the thought ofabandoning theirsires. Others
have something they love, typically mortal relatives or
paramours, who will suffer at their sires' hands if they
flee. Others are just too well-watched.

Between witch-hunters and Lupines, territorial fel-
low-vampires and the simple difficulty of surviving on the
road, the lot of a traveling vampire is a difficult one. A
sensible and experienced Cainite is unlikely to bolt with-
out preparation — hoarded funds, a moderately safe,
pre-arranged haven in a new location and ghouls or other
servants to watch overand protecthim during the daylight
hours. A paranoid sire (and most sires who abuse or
ruthlessly manipulate their childerare quite paranoid) can
make it very difficult indeed for these vampires to get the
wherewithal to flee and have any real chance of survival.

Yet some doflee rather than endure the tyranny of their
sires. Some run without preparation and are fast and lucky
enough to get away with it. Others wait until their masters
become casualties in the War of Ages, slip into torpor or
become distracted with some new plaything or pet project.
Some lucky few even manage tosecretly scrape together the
resources necessary to make an honest go of existence
elsewhere, and a tiny handful manage to destroy their sires.

Inevery case, the young vampire typically endures years
or decades of abuse and servitude prior to making his break.
Regardlessofhow the Cainite gainshis freedom, hesoon finds
himself in an unpleasant position. Vampiric peers are every-
where — the Church, temporal governments, even criminal
gangs and mortal trade associations. Now, without his sire's
power and influence, he must make his own way in a society
that goes out of its way to punish impudent youth.

Some do succeed, scrabbling their way upward to
legitimacy, either through the established channels or by
seeking new ways to expand their might. Most often, these
Cainites end up perpetuating the very system from which
they fled — siring broods of childer to look after their
affairs and falling prey to increasing paranoia as they
become swept up in the intrigues of the War of Ages. Such
vampires are dealt with elsewhere — indeed, they are the
basic character type for Vampire: The Dark Ages.

The vampires that are dealt with here are those who
attempt to break with this cycle and find a new mode of
existence. Like the Prometheans, the Furores wish to build
autopian world, but unlike the Firebringers, they have no
desire to stand as equals to the kine. Like the Autarkis, they


Farores AND. MODERN FREEDOM

Atthetum ofthe millennium, westand atthe end
of almost four centuries of serious debate about free-
dom, liberty and the responsibilities of the individual
and conifitinitysMlost Furstes IGhow none of this —
they existelong centuries before any of the thinkers
who laid:the groundwork for the modem world.

While the Furores want liberty, they do not
necessarily wantiton terms that we would be comfort-
]| able with. There isnoteason for the average Furore to
||| favor democracy or socialism over enlightened autoc-
acl) comibuinisnty bureaucraty of any éther-form of
government. Likewise, there is no reason to.assume
that these Cainites will perceive any difference be-
tween Churchrand State, Theseideals are very much
products of the modém era, and willinor begin devel-
oping it earnest until after the Reformation: Indeed,
fewarelikely tohave even tead the Classical works of
Aristotle, Platorand Thuycidides.

When portraying a Furore, try keep in mind
that while we have well-developed preconceptions
about liberty, justice and individual ;tights, the
character almost cértainly does not. She is the
product of a militarized, theocratic aristocracy who
has never really known anything else, stabbing in
the dark to build a better tomorrow.

‘Wir Liperty ANp Justice For SOME
While some Furores may campaign for a utopian
world of peace and justice for both Cainite and kine
alike, this sentiment is in no way universal. Just
becatise the Furores believe that the oligarchy of the
Cainite elders is wrong and unjust doesn't neces
ily mean they disagree with the idea that Cainitesare
natufally superiont6 kine.

Indeed, it's quite likely that they can embrace both
viewpoints without necessarily perceiving them as mu-
tually¢ontradictory, Itis only ourperception that makes
thisseem hypocritical —the ideaofasystem that wasnot
naturally hieratic is probably as foreign tothe characters
as the idea of a system based on aristocratic lineage is to
the average inhabitant of the modem Western world:

Even those trained in Classical politics can find
plentiful justification forsuch a view-Plato's Repub-
Ji@pis a meritocracy of thémost severe sort, and
Atistotle's apologia for slavery could justas easily be
extended to embrace Cainite-kine relations.

Just because the character and the player both use
words like»rights, freedom, justice and/€quality doesn't
mean that they,mean the same thing. In different times
and different places, it has been seenas perfectly natural to
narrowly award and tightly restrictrightsand privileges —
Dark Medieval Europe is one such time and place.

wish to bring the War of Ages toaclose, butunlike the Self-
Ruled, they are unwilling to just opt out of the system. The
Furores are revolutionaries. There are many voices and
many solutions, but the pressing need to change, to find a
better way even at the cost of war, unites these Cainites.

HISTORY

"And so you're telling me that this is somehow unavoid-
able, that we should just lay down and let these thugs — our
un progeny — have their way with us?"

The Brujah elder shook his head. "No, what I'm sayingis that
they're partof the naral process. That this has happened before.
That the more we push them, the harder they'll push back."

"That is foolish. They are in rebellion. One squashes
rebels. That is how one deals with them."

"No, Your Majesty, thatis how onedeals with them fone would
like more rebels. If we accommodate them somewhat, we can steal
‘away the ones that are only somewhat committed to the rebellion."

"That is givingin. If | give in now, E'Uhave a thousand
so-called ‘rebels' at my doorstep by tomorrownight. Go back
to your training hall, Hemocles. Politics doesn't suit you."

But violence did suit Hemocles, at least as well as scholar-
ship. Before the sum rose the next morning, messengers had been
dispatched to local Furores from the newly crowned prince.
‘There would be negotiations, and there would be amnesties, and
inthe end, a few of Hemocles' peers would sleep with the dead.
Who said the political career of the Brujah clan was in its sunset?

Cainite social history has a distinctly cyclical pat-
tern. Ever since the fall of the Second City, there has
been a pattern of organized vampiric groups forming,
then breaking apart from ego pressures, conflicting agen-
das and the tensions caused by the War of Ages. During
the periods of fragmentation, the social pressures that
prevent elders from grossly mistreating their progeny
dissipate. The result is a wave of unrest that generally
results in the destruction of the worst offenders at the
hands of mobs of unhappy ancillae and neonates, and the
formation of some new Cainite social structure.

Rome, Constantinople, Carthage —all are examples
of such a structure. In the East, the crumbling F i
Dream and its powerful defenders still hold even elder
vampires in check, though Michael's control deteriorates
abit each year. But in the West, Rome and its standards
of behavior are long-faded memories, nothing but stories
passed down from sires and grandsires, often long since
rendered into dust by the feuds of the Children of Caine.

With social controls a historical footnote, the lot of
many young vampires is best described as poor. Obviously,
even in the Roman era it was not easy to be a neonate or
ancilla, and there were always elders who could flaunt the
tules. Still, since the end of the Roman milieu, the
prospects of the young have grown progressively dimmer.

By 732 CE, when Charles Martel turned back the
paynim at the Battle of Tours and Poitiers, there were
already a fairly large number of disaffected young vampires.

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


Atthat time, these dispossessed Cainites had few places to
go — most cities were dropping dramatically in popula-
tion fromsack and famine, and the vampires who controlled
them were clinging desperately to their thrones. Far from
welcoming refugees, these Cainites were in many cases
exiling their own childer rather than place undue burden
on the vastly reduced local population.

Obviously, not all of these down-at-heel Cainites
were devoted revolutionaries. Most just wanted a place to
call their own, but there were a fair number — especially
among those exiled by their own sires — whose experi-
ences had left them determined to change the way the
system worked. By 800 CE, the urban population had
begun to rebound, and there was a large population of
dissatisfied Cainites. Many of the toughest, those able to
survive the post-Roman population crash, had founded
communities of various sorts on the fringes of settled
society, and the ranks of the dissatisfied grew each year as
elders, now free to mistreat their offspring, began to create
new progeny to take advantage of expanding populations.

RECENT EVENTS

The Furores have been a real and going concern
since the ninth century. Every few decades brings news
of some fresh outrage of the young against the old, of
labyrinths invaded and Elysiums burnt, of revolutionary
states and angry youths eager to commit diablerie. These
rebels are the cause for many sleepless days for the elders
of western Europe, particularly those whose mistreated
progeny have flown the coop, as it were. These dissatis-
fied youths are ripe for use as catspaws, and many receive
financial backing from other elder Cainites.

But repressive elders are not the only ones who fear.
The Furores often use sharp, brutal violence — any
vampire unfortunate enough to be caught in an uprising
can meet the Final Death. Regardless if the Cainite is
one of the guilty or an innocent bystander, war doesn't
care. Asa result, the reaction to these open rebellions is
often brutal repression with the support of even com-
paratively open-minded Cainites.

And the elders know no shame is using this to their
advantage. "No matter how justified the Furores are in their
outrage," they say to their childer and fellows, "to bow to their
demands is to encourage and empower them." Give the
Furoresan inch, the eldersclaim,and they'll takeamile; ifone
elder is handed over to the angry mob, then there will soon
be a hundred calls for every vampire's head. Cainites will
have no choice but to point the mob at their enemies and
rivals before their enemies and rivals point the mob at them.

But the real threat isn't so simple. By bowing to the
demands of the Furores, the elders compromise their
authority, admitting that some actions are "right" and
some are "wrong" or "improper," and thus make them-
selves subject to an external code of morality. It could be
argued that the emergence of sucha code is inevitable, but
no Cainite savvy enough to become an elder is going to

ASHEN THIEF

willingly speed along a process that creates a system that
a political rival could use to box him in. The Six Tradi-
tions are more than enough common law for most princes.

As a result, the events of recent centuries have had a
distinct pattern, as discontent slowly rises in a region. Elders,
unwilling to legitimize the rebels by negotiating with them,
instead attempt to suppress the discontent with increasingly
violent and repressive measures. Each measure hardens the
rebels, generating more discontent and more sympathizers for
the Furore cause. Eventually, either an outrage or an infusion
of aid from an established Furore community enables a
charismatic or cunning rebel to bring together the Furores of
the area, and take the fight to the elders.

Often, but not always, the elder Cainites of the area
close ranks and squash the rebels. Sometimes the rebels are
too powerful or too numerous to be crushed. In other cases,
the elders fail to close ranks in time, either because they
don't recognize the threat, or because they fall prey to that
ancient bane of oligarchies: divide-and-tule politics. It only
takes one or two elders willing to betray their fellows to the
rebels for political gain to doom resistance to an uprising.

The result is often chaos. The average Furore defines
herself by her opposition to the existing power structure.
Success, when it comes, is often sudden, and the rebels are
totally unprepared for the responsibilities thrust upon them.
Usually, especially when enough politically savvy represen-
tatives of the old regime survive to provide continuity, the
system quickly returns to business as usual. Confronted
unexpectedly with the need for effective administration,
the Furores find themselves assuming the very roles and
methodologies of the elders they so recently displaced.

However, this is not always the case. Sometimes there
are no survivors of the old guard, or the revolutionaries are
ideologically committed enough to consciously reject the
status quo. Over the last 300 years, a fair number of such
radical communities have established themselves. Often,
the vampires who make up these utopian experiments find
that they agree on less than they believed they did. Other
Cainites turn out to be more interested in making them-
selves powerful than actually effecting change. Between
infighting over which political agenda will be implemented
and the machinations of the compulsively ambitious, many
(but by no means all) of these revolutionary communities
tear themselves apart in short order.

But the rebels aren't always the sole responsible par-
ties for these failures. The primary export ofsuch ideological
strongholds is revolutionary ideology, and elders dwelling
nearby cannot help but notice this sudden, blatant threat
to their position. The ancient Cainites who were backing
the revolutionaries just months ago are often the first to
encourage divisiveness and factional infighting in the
infant sect. What may have been an excellent catspaw
against political rivals isa terrible neighbor. Nearby elders
carry out every sort of subversion against young Furore
communities, from assassination and encouraging mortal
witch-hunters and Inquisitors to become active in the


area, to the subversion of the political process through
paid agents and open military campaigns. (The latter is
especially popular in the Tzimisce-dominated Balkans.)

THeEseE NicuTs

Furores today are much like Furores of 300 years ago,
just more numerous. The average Furore is a young
creature, and experiences events asa human would, not
asan elder Cainite long conditioned to the ebb and flow
of the historical process would. As a result, the move-
ment — even where there are established communities
— exists in a distinctly mortal mode.

Those few rebels that have heard of Carthage know of
it as a concept only, a name for a mythical golden age
when all Cainites were equal. Many do not even know its
general location, and those that do know enough Class
cal history to be familiar with the story are unable to tell
what is folktale, what is Cainite myth, and what is truth.

More recent events are often just as misty. All Furores
know that there have been places where the rebels have
won, and many have even been to one, or even taken part
in failed (or successful) rebellions. This is perhaps the one
benefit of being a Furore — practically every rebel knows
that there are others out there with similar goals and
ambitions. But few rebels —and even fewer elders —have
agood picture of recent events as a whole, or of historical
trends in the ongoing rebellion of the young against the old.

Those few who do have such a picture have good
reason for high spirits or grave worry, depending on their
loyalties. With every passingnight, Cainite society stumbles
alittle further toward the brink. Today, the Traditions are
honored more in the breach than in the practice. Elders

HUNTING THE HUNTERS

Because.these-revolutionaries seek to.convert
neonates and-ancillae to their cause. as well as to
assassinate.elders, eldet Cainites are reluctant to
allowcontact between theiroffspringand the rebels,
even confrontational contact, Even a brief conver-
| sation at sword's'point can sow seeds of disloyalty
that will hatch in adecade of three.

Indeed, in many cases the elders ofan ateaactively
‘conspire to coneéal evidence-of Furore activity from
theirown progeny. Instead, combat-trained ghouls are
used. In places where Furore activityis rife, there are
often ghouls whose entire purpose isto Scourge the city
in' search. of strangers and subversives. Ghouls can
hunt during the day, and are much more difficult to
detect than Cainites. Confined by the blood oath,
their loyalty is,pérfect, and their deaths, while regret-
table, are hatdly-heartrending. Better to lose several
such ghouls than the loyalty of a prized offspring:
(Who says eldérs do not value their childer?)

eager to have many servants and warriors create ever-larger
broods of offspring, and manipulate them more ruthlessly
than before, competing brutally with their peers for re-
sources, for power and for prestige. Three hundred years ago,
rebellious vampires were almost certainly either crushed
immediately or brought into the fold. Buteach decade there
are more — and more successful — rebellions. The proto-
sects that have emerged have in many cases persisted, even
prospered, and the draconian measures used to quell the tide
of discontent have only sown the seeds of future discord.

Unlesssomething changes (and changessignificantly)
in the next few centuries, the fabric of Cainite society will
be rent asunder. Either there will be a Furore uprising
strong enough to achieve widespread success and spawn a
new social order, or the constant conflicts will awaken the
mortals to the menace of the Cainites. Either way, unless
matters improve, there will come a day of judgement, and
that day, by vampiric standards, is not far off.

THE FURORE
CINDERGROUND

Thedark-clad vampires tumnedon Michael almost in unison

"What in the name of Christ's bleeding wounds are you
telling us? That you're a Furore?"

Michael nodded, "Yes, Uwe, that is precisely what I
am telling you."

"You pox-rotten dog, you'll get us all set out for the sun!
Do you think we bought this operation, laid out all this silver,
lost three ghouls fair and fine, so that you could make some
political point, die trying to get your fangs into some elder,
and ruin everything? Is that what you think?"

"No — yes. Damn you, this is important! Do you just
wantto live as slaves forever? Is thatit? Until you geta chance
to be like them and take it?"

The knives were out, and Uwe advanced on Michael.
"Yes, Michael, because that's all there is. More and more of
that until the Day of Judgement. More control, more power,
more violence and more money. It's not about God, or the
Devil, or good or evil. It's about who holds the whip and the
knife and the purse. There's no reason, and no rhyme"

"You want to spend forever locked in the same routine,
living the same miserable existence as your sire?"

"Changing the system is a loser's game, Michael. The
people who want to change the rules are the ones too weak to
win. Tell me the elders don' live in luxury. Tell me they can't
do what they want when they want."

The young Cainite gulped by reflex, and remained silent.

Uwe continued, "Maybe you are right. Maybe it is
wrong. But so is the life we lead. I'm not going to steal a
‘woman's life one minute and then wring my hands about
justice the next. If you're really right, Saint Peter will
understand." Uwe looked to his men, "Kill him."

And they tore Michael to pieces.

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


ON THE Run

Where they do not rule, those who are openly known
to support the Furore cause are often quite unwelcome.
Because they seek to abolish the rule of the elders, and
because their rebellion almost always involves the use of
force, the rebels themselves are often the targets of violence.

No Honor Awone THIEVES

Just because many of the vampires who move among
rural brigands and urban thieves are not a part of the ruling
oligarchy doesn't mean that they are automatically allied
with the Furores. Indeed, the hierarchies of these groups are
often just as repressive as the society that ostracizes them,
and many members of these groups entertain ambitions of
their own. These groupsare not so much rebels as underdog
competitors for the power that the elders currently hold

The last thing these outcasts want is the attention of
the elders focused squarely on the ever-so-narrow shad-
ows where they hide. Furore activity, violent and
subversive as it so often is, is just the thing to bring that
attention to bear. All it takes is a single assassinated
ghoul or poached childe to bring down the wrath of the
elders. And with that attention will almost surely come
reprisals and the exposure of whatever plots the local
bottom-feeders among the Cainite population has been
laying to grab their own little piece of the pie.

As a result, the Furores must be careful to conceal
their identities when notactually "on the job." Rebels who
are discovered by their fellow ne'er-do-wells may be ha-

rassed and driven out of an area, possibly with a missing
arm to remind them not to return. Indeed, if a Cainite
bandit is currying favor with the powers that be, a trouble-
some Futore left staked on the doorstep of some influential
elders would make an excellent placatory gesture.

The Furores retum these sentiments, and in places
where the Cainite underworld is hostile to their activities,
the rebels often harbor more ill will for their fellow criminals
than for the elders. Elders, the Furores reason, are just
holdingontoagood thing, whereas the local scum bear arms
against the rebels for a few debased coins and the possibility
that some day they might have a tiny little mouthful of the
elders' success. In addition, many Furores land in "outlaw"
groups prior to joining the rebel cause, and these vampires
may have been treated as badly or worse than during the
time they were in the thrall of their sires. Outlaws of various
sorts who find themselves in a community ruled by Furores
would do well to keep a low profile — many Furores are
waiting for an excuse to even up the score for some past
slight, and woe unto the Cainite that gives it to them.

FLuRTING WITH THE CAUSE

The core of the Furore movement is rebellion against
theestablished powerstructures. There are "Sunday Furores,"
but the rebels are a dangerous crowd to run with. Neonates
and ancillae whose sires find they've been associating with
known Furores can expect punishment. They may lose


privileges or come under close scrutiny. Those with para-
noid sires or dwelling in areas where rebellions are real
worries can expect worse: torture, domination, the blood
oath or possibly even destruction at their sires' talons.

But these sorts of draconian treatments are to be
expected only in areas where the conflict is constant, or
from sires of the worst sort. Most neonates and ancillae flirt
with rebellion and the underworld at some point, and most
sires accept this, though they may administer pro forma
punishments — usually to avoid censure by their fellows or
to teach the childe discretion. In places where ghouls are
turning up dead and labyrinths are burning down, however,
Cainites flirting with the rebel cause had better hope that
the vampire who catches them on the wrong side of the line
is either a close friend or a closet sympathizer.

REVOLT

Sarah cutan imposing figure from the top of the tm. When she
had been alive, men had said she looked like a dray. Now she could
coldcock a carthorse and shatter its skull, and everyone in the room
was perfectly aware of it. "How long have they kept us down?"

"Too long!" the dozen vampires shouted back. It wasn't
ragged. It had been at the start, but Sarah had given them
discipline and the sense of being part of something larger.
Blood ran to her face, reddening her skin with pride.

"Will we take it anymore?"

"No!"

"What will we have instead?"

"Freedom!"

Shenodded curtly and jumped smoothly doum from the barrel.
"Nowlet's go over what we'llbe doing. Since Christophe and Henri
killed his ghouls last week, Arnulfhasn'tlefthis labyrinth. He'sbeen
sending out for his herd. Two ghouls go outand get three of the boys,
take them in, and bring them out about an hour later. Avis thinks
hehas one of his progeny in there." She nodded to the Malkavian,
who mumbled behind her stained blindfold.

"Avis also found the pattem behind who gets fedon, and she's
called it correctly for the last three nights. Tomorrow night, three
of us will be replacing the vessels. Avis, Fangdog and Mole will
mask themselves and replace his dinner. Once past the gate, they'll
slay their escortas soon as they're alone. They'll take the gate from
behind, and open it for the rest of us. Then it's all of us against
Amulf, and we never have a fight where we're outclassed."

The group nodded. They clearly thought it was a good
plan. Sarah certainly hoped it was. Of course, if it wasn't,
there wouldn't exactly be any recriminations afterward.

GOALS

The average Furore has two goals. First, she wants
revenge — revenge on her sire, her broodmates, other
elders, whoever is standing too close. The thing that
separates her from a driven and embittered Autarkis on
the road to diablerie is that she also want revolutions. For
the rebels, their actions aren't just a matter of payback,
they are an attempt to establish a system where neither

they nor any others will be subjected to the same abuses.
Generally, but not always, revenge comes first, utopia
second. After all, the natural place to start overthrowing
a tyranny is the place that you know best, and that
generally means the vampire's sire and his fellow elders.

REVENGE

Hatred is a cold mistress indeed, and most Furores are
well-versed in her icy embrace. For most Furores, unlife as
a neonate was either indebted servitude or concubinage of
indefinite duration. Their sires enslaved them, abused them
and quite possibly threw them away as a pawn in some
private war. Or an amorous sire may simply have discarded
them when she discovered her next "perfect love."

Those who escape these chains can swap tales of
physical torture for disobedience, of their sires and elder
broodmates' psychological games, and of the endless and
often fatal bickering between older Cainites. Th
are an underground railroad for these escapees, and a
society of like-minded allies to help them obtain the only
restitution that matters from their sires

Some rebels simply want their sires to experience
one final morning at their hands, while others want their
sires' heart blood, for the satisfaction of actually consum-
ing the ones who inflicted such pain on them. This latter
option is quite popular —diablerie has a visceral appeal
as a form of revenge, particularly to vampires influenced
by the Cainite Heresy. The increased power certainly
doesn't make it unattractive, either.

To the elders, who already fear the Amaranth at the
hands of their peers and progeny, this Furore blood-
hunger is particularly terrifying, especially after several
retellings have made it even more blasphemous and
common than it already is. Most elder Cainites can
envision all too well the scene as they are held down by
a half-dozen thuggish Furores and their very souls con-
sumed to feed their childer's insurgency. These sorts of
images certainly don't do anything to engender dialogue
between the elders and their rebellious offspring.

REVOLUTION

The Furores' ambitions aren't limited to a simple
thirst for revenge and elder vitae. They genuinely want
to build a brighter future for themselves and their peers.
Yet where the Furores are united in their desire for
revenge, it is the desire to build a social edifice of greater
justice that most divides them.

Every Furore, it would seem, has her own utopian
dream. In most cases, they also have a candidate for leader
of that perfect sect in mind — most often themselves, but
sometimes the leader of their gang or social circle. While
the Furores are largely ignorant of "modern" government,
all of the basic human forms except age-based oligarchy
are represented in their ranks. The most common forms
are merit-based oligarchy, simple democracy and agricultural-
commune socialism. However, there are aristocrats,

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


republicans, theocrats and every other sort of government
represented somewhere among the rebels.

The process of determining what the final form of
government for a rebel community will be like is often
one of the critical moments for a successful uprising. As
discussed elsewhere, these squabbles sometimes destroy
young Furore communities before they have even fin-
ished their victory celebrations. This isn't as common as
one might believe, however. Most Furore uprisings are
led by one band, and that band is generally united in its
belief regarding the ideal state, if for no other reason
than the members may never have been exposed to any
other possibilities. It's only when the rebels are of several
distinct factions that serious clashes tend to develop.

Tactics

Intheirrevolt against the elders, the Furoresare typically
the underdogs. They can't just march up toan elder's haven,
kick down the door, drag him out and cut his head off in the
street. Such open hostility is only possible late in the game,
when the Furores' victory is already complete or nearly so.
Done too early, a blatant act simply provokes the local
powers-that-be to hunt the rebels down like mad dogs. In
place of simple bloodshed, the Furores must use cunning.
Those who can't or won't are shortly former Furores.

Fase LINEHGE

The most important trick to being a successful and
long-lived Furore is not looking like what you are. Some
rebels are cunning, strong or fast enough to live outside the
cities and demesnes controlled by the princes and elders.
Many, however, are not cut out for the big wide world of
snakes, bugs and Lupines — which leaves them with an
unpleasant choice. They can introduce themselves and
attempt to live in the elders' lands under false pretenses
while pursuing their own agenda, or they can try to live
unrecognized on the fringes of society and hope toavoid the
local sheriff, scourge and other interested citizens.

Living under false pretenses is difficult, and for every
Furore who makesasuccessful habit ofit, there'sanother who
meets the sunrise for her trouble. The mistake that kills the
largest number is to vastly underestimate the connections
between various Cainite principalities. Webs ofalliance and
consanguinity tie elders together across much of Europe, and
most princes can obtain some basic information about a
newcomer either through a formal request or by calling in a
favorwith well-placedaid ina foreign court. The Warof Ages
and other conflicts sometimes cut these lines of communica-
tion, but relying on such things is a recipe for disaster. Many
ayoung rebel has brashly introduced themselves as who they
actually are, thinking that a thousand miles would have
protected them from word ofa murdered sire orstolen riches.
Little did they realize that the prince they soughtshelter with
shared a grandsire with the one they stole from.

The trick to successfully living under false pretenses
is to know what you're doing before you try it. While

ASHEN THIEF

Tue Canyite, HERESY

A vampiric perversion of various Gnostic beliefs,
the Cainite Heresy preaches that the blood of Caine is}
holy, and that Caineghimself:was punished for his
rebellion againstlaldabaoth, the oppressive lord of the
material world. To drink the blood of Caine is to drink}
the holy elixir of rebellion against the tainted world of|
flesh. Unsurprisingly, these beliefs are propagated by
many Cainites in order to secure! herds and mortal
influence.

However, not every vampire is in on the joke, and
there are a certain number of younger Cainites who
actually believe the tenets of the Heresy. Many of these
firebrands are active among the Furores, carrying the
fight to their elders, who they feel have themselves
become corrupted by the temptations of Ialdabaoth's
fleshy prison. Hungry forthe blood of their elders, these,
vampires seck to bfing themselves closer to Caine
through diablerie, both as a spiritual experience and to
gain more power for their crusades against the corrupt
elders, and against the blandishments of the material
world-as a-whole,

For more, seé) the Wampire:.TheoDark Ages
supplement, Cainite Heresy.

every vampire isn't expected to be able to produce a
complete pedigree, Cainites who wander into a city must
know their lineage and sire. There are, after all, only so
many vampires. The smart Furore will know the names
of a few reclusive and surly Cainites they can claim as
their sires. The more likely the claimed sire is to simply
eat any messenger who comes to ask about his progeny,
the better. Sires known to be destroyed also work well.

The reason the wise Furore knows several such
vampires is because the smart rebel spends some time
incognito before he introduces himself. This allows him
to assure himself that he will not have the misfortune to
encounter any of his "siblings."

Regardless of how it's done, living under false pre-
tenses is a gamble. No matter how good the story is, the
local authorities are going to be suspicious of new arrivals,
especially in an area suffering from Furore activity. While
not every city is a nest of informants and suspicion, some
are, and some Cainites make a tidy living from noticing
what people would rather they didn't and then charging
for their silence. A Cainite whose facade slips one too
many times can easily end up under official scrutiny, orelse
a blackmailed puppet. The latter is particularly trouble-
some — what does the blackmailer want, and how long
have they known? Can the Furores afford to eliminate this
nuisance, or does the cause demand that they act as the
servants of some greedy but observant Cainite?

Suapow UNLIFE

Those Cainites not competent enough to pass them-
selves off as someone else's progeny (or those too


SHADES OF GRAY

It's certainly péssible tofpaint Furore characters as strong-jawed, gleaming-fanged heroes and the elders as black- |
hearted manipulators whose minions are lickspittles or violent goons. But real revolutions never work out that way.

Sometimes the péople fighting for the cause of justice and right are otherwise completely reprehensible. They may
just be out for number one andusing the cause as a cover, or simply vile people who are doing the right thing just this once.
Likewise, good even ‘admirable — people can end up on opposite sides of the line for perfectly understandable reasons.

In vampitic Citclesyall Tecakes-is\one careless sip too many, and a perfectly admirable, even heroic Cainite
does his very,best to send the rebels to their Final Death. Even without the device of the blood oath, there are
perfectly good reasons tooppose the Furores.

For starters, many Furores are bloodthirsty fanatics at least as interested in taking down the sires they hate than
in actually building a better tomorrow. Whatever they may profess, their "revolution" has a lot more to do with red-
handed murder than justi¢eandéquality. They found some ramshackle republic of the blood that lastsayearor 10. Then |
it turns into a dictatorship, or the professional politicians rot it out from the inside, or the neighboring elders march
in during a moment of weakness, put everyone to the sword and have their favored progeny take over tule of the area
In the end, they do nothing but cause hardship-and strife and push Gainite affairs all too close to mortal scrutiny.
| Even those who agree with the goals‘of the Furores may find theniselves On.the other side. Personal loyalty to
asingle elder or ancilla likely to be putto the pyré:in any glorious utopia can make'an enemy of anally, ascana desire
to preserve some part of the old regime — like a prized treasure trove of art orinfluéncetover a mortal institution.

And neither are the princes and'élders wholly reprehensible: Indeed, they are-very.experienced at the
business of rulership and knowhow tomiaintain the Silence of Blood, to keep Lupines at bay and to stave off witch-
hunters. Furore "utopias," often heralded by quite public slaughter, clearly have some problems\in those regards.

In the argument of security versus freedom, some Will always choose security, no matter what they have to give
up to get it. For them, better a balance of terror berwéen the elders than a tottering would-be Carthage with prospects
as dim as a vampire's chance of catching noon Mass. That doesn't necessarily make them contemptible, it just means
they choose to see matters differently: There can be few things as moving as the ¢onflict between two persons or

of the line — don't be afraid to do it in your games.

groups who know that, in the othertian's shoes, they'd be doing exactly the same thing.
Itboils down to this: Conflicts, particularly social conflicts, inevitably put goodand bad people on both sides

well-known to risk such a masquerade) have only one
alternative. They must lurk on the fringes of society,
feeding when they can, hiding from their fellow Cainites
asbestas they are able, and striking out against the elders
when possible. This sort of lifestyle breeds fierce Cainites
— the weak die off quickly and the tough get tougher.

Thereare twomainrequirementsforwhere these Cainites
live. There must bea secure place for them tosleep, and there
must be food nearby. Because few European forests are wild,
and even fewer are safe for Cainites to wander in, "food"
generally equates to "mortals." A safe place to sleep is harder
still — a Gangrel can meld with the earth, but that costs
blood and means the Cainite must feed more often, once
every day ot so, rather than once every two or three days.

Some of these rebels live urban existences. While
medieval cities are generally not very large, theconditions
of the poor and the forgotten are often miserable indeed.
Furores can often carve outa safe little haven and herd for
themselvesamongthe mortal dispossessed, provided they're
careful to avoid the turf of slumming elders and not raise
the ire of the populace. It's a hazardous existence, but no
more hazardous than living openly among the city's
Cainite population under an assumed identity.

The majority ofsuch Furores, however, live what is best
described as a semi-rural existence. Avoiding the walled

cities with their high Cainite and ghoul populations, these
creatures instead dwell in places thathave high populations
of mortals but that wouldn't necessarily attract Cainite
habitation otherwise. Hostels for pilgrims, isolated abbeys,
county seats, market towns, popular inns and rural dens of
iniquity all make excellent bases of operations for Furores
who want to avoid major urban areas.

Most of these locales have the advantage of a small
number of mortals who must be manipulated to secure the
Cainite'ssafety, and large transient populations that allow
the Cainite to exist withouta local herd. Even if the place
has a Cainite already in residence, a band of determined
Furores can usually claim the place as its own, either by
destroying the current residents, dominating them, sub-
jecting them to the blood oath or otherwise setting them
up as a front. With large numbers of pilgrims and mer-
chants going in and out, the rebels have a ready-made
source of spies and messengers, and can easily tag along
with a traveling band if they must move across-country.

Elders know this, of course — it's an old trick. In areas
of heavy Furore activity, the local powers that be often
sponsor their own witch-hunters, either ghouls or duped
mortals, to slog through the boondocks in search of Furore
strongholds. Others plant ghouls or mortal agents among
the residents of particularly favorable locations to look for

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


the telltale signs of Cainite habitation. These agents are far
more difficult to deal with than the regular run of snooping
churchmen and burghers concerned over a wife's sudden
anemia. They know what they're looking for, and a terrible
accident isn't really an option. The elders who sent them
are going to take the agent's unfortunate demise as a sure
sign of Furore activity and land on the area with both feet.

Regardless of the risks, these high-traffic areas pro-
vide excellent staging grounds and strongholds for
Furores. Easily controlled and well-provided with prey,
a large hostelry or market town can easily provide a
dwelling for six or 10 well-disciplined Cainites who take
care not to bite too deep, as it were.

RESOURCES

Determination is not enough — you cannot fight a
war without resources. Mortal agents and tangible riches
are the two things that elders have in plenty and that
Furores lack. Motivation and a willingness to break the
rules and get their own hands dirty can go a long way to
making up this deficit, but directness is potentially quite
costly and can easily trigger an open conflict long before
the rebels are prepared.

Rebels who wish to succeed must find a regular source
of income. Blackmail is popular — being the dark lord of a
market town lets you put the screws to the successful local
merchants. The revenue could also be control of some sort

ASHEN THIEF

of lucrative holding, or skimmed from the tax coffers of a
market town, or even tolls on a bridge or river. Regardless,
revenue means flexibility. It means the ability for the rebels
to buy, bribe and hire as necessary. Disciplines can substi-
tute for money, of course, but owning your own cart means
never causing the sort of highly visible ruckus sure to kick
up when local farmers start taking their cabbage wagons to
the local city once a week and are unable to remember why.

Ie's foolish to assume that most Furores are dumb young
thugs; dumb young thugs rarely merit the Embrace in the
first place. The sort of vampires who become Furores are
different from the sort of vampires who become ancillae
only in that they have a lower tolerance for being used and
abused by their elders. Just because they leave the gutted
ghoul servants of elder Cainites hanging upside down at the
crosstoads doesn't mean the rebels can't operate a finan-
cially successful operation at the same time.

SuBVERSION FIND RECRUITING

Itisnatural thatFuroresattemptto win others totheircause.
Once yourealize that youwere held in chains, it'svery hard tonot
to spread the gospel of freedom. The overall outcome of these
recruiting and education attempts is generally mixed.

You may need resources to fight a war, but you need
troops just as badly. If the Furores did not spread their
message, there wouldn't be nearly as many of them. Even if
a Cainite is not persuaded to openly join their cause, a


turned head or tipped hand at the appropriate moment can
prove the difference between victory and defeat, or be-
tween flightand the Final Death. Evena vampire under the
blood oath has some free will. The seed of rebellion planted
today can blossom over the decades into a broken blood
oath or one so strained the thrall can work passively toward
the regnant's downfall. This alone makes up for the nega-
tive aspects of recruitment, and that'sa good thing, because
the negative aspects are legion.

EXPOSURE

The first and most obvious negative aspect is the fact
that attempting to proselytize exposes the existence and
identity of the Furores. While it is possible that one or two
neonates or ancillae might be approached without the cat
getting out of the bag, the fact that the local Furores are on
a recruiting drive is just not going to stay secret for long.
Once more thana few vampires know that there are Furores
in the area, it will only be a few nights (or hours) until the
only Cainites in the region who might possibly not have
heard are the ones in torpor. Once the local elders know,
they can start taking precautions, assuming they're the sort
of elders who worry about such matters. In the case of
Furores pretending to be someone they aren't, one false step
attempting to recruitallies means, at best, aflightintoexile.

Also, the rebels can't sent just any old Cainite to
attempt to convert neonates and ancillae to the Furore
cause. Recruiting requires sending intelligent and persua-
sive advocates of the cause into harm's way. Worse,
attempts at recruiting require communication, which
generally means face-to-face contact under circumstances
that aren't favorable to the rebel spokesman — nobody
goes to listen to the bloodthirsty brigands in the middle of
the bandit encampment. These contacts are perfect op-
portunities for elders to set up ambushes, assassination.
attempts, kidnappings and what have you

The sort of vampires who make good recruiters are
generally the ones whose demise would be the worst blow for
therevolution. All ittakesis one poor assessment ofarecruit's
potential to lead a valuable Furore into a death trap or worse.
Worse, avampire capable ofmakingadecentrecruitingpitch
probably isn't just a useful spokesman for the rebels; she's
likely closely involved in most everything the Furore band
does. If the prince's agents can get her to talk, it can
compromise everything the agent's band is doing.

SOpHISTRY

Worse than being lured into an ambush is being lured
into open debate. If the Furores are recruiting, there is the
distinct possibility that some elder will draw or challenge
them into a public dialogue. In many cases, this is the worst
thing that can possibly happen. The worry of ambush or
betrayal, which is the primary concem of most rebels, isnot
thereal danger (though itis there). The danger is that most
elders have spent centuries mastering their ability to ma-
nipulate mortals and Cainitesalike, even without Disciplines.

The righteousness of the rebel's argument will generally
matter little when pitted against decade upon decade of skill
at debate. Certainly the rebels can sometimes out-argue their
elders, and occasionally the older vampire's obviously rigged
arguments may work against him. Generally, however, an.
open debate is an invitation to a public relations disaster for
the young Furores, and that danger is subtle enough that
many rebels don't see the pitfall until it's too late.

INTERNAL DISSENT

Openly proclaiming the doctrine of revolt also has
another, albeit less dramatic, drawback. Too much re-
cruiting can easily expose just how little most Furores
actually have in common. While several rebel gangs
might exist in the same region and even work together
despite their differences, attempting to make converts to
the cause often strains an already-tenuous relationship.

First, it is easy for other rebel groups' recruitment
attempts to be seen as poaching. Rebellions and resistance
movements require strong personalitiesat the helm. These
are the sorts of people who tend to interpret attempts to
gain more members as a threat or personal slight. And in
some cases, they're quite correct. The wise rebel plans for
what happens after the revolution. If two Furore bands
have diametrically opposed visions for the future, it is
natural (if not necessarily wise) for each to attempt to grab
all the resources they can so that when it comes time to
fight over the spoils, they have a decisive edge.

Of course, the public spectacle of such conflicts dam-
ages the reputation of all the rebel groups involved and
creates an open invitation for meddling by elders interested
in divide-and-tule politics. Why risk your childer to fight
the rebels when some other Furores will gladly meet the
Final Death opposing them? Even without recruiting and
meddling by the elders, it's already all too likely that matters
will come to blows between two up-and-coming gangs in a
region. With competition for recruits and elders tossing in
the occasional golden apple, it's even worse. Even if one
organization is victorious, it has probably bled itself white
smashing the opposition, and the elders can pick up an easy
victory against their weakened, overextended foes.

TERROR

Going hand-in-hand with conversion is terror. Ter-
ror is the best weapon of the Furores. By striking a few
well-placed blows, the rebels can make the night seem
full of watching eyes and hungry fangs

Terror has a number of goals. The first is simple
revenge. By making them slaves to fear, the Furores make
the elders suffer as they themselves suffered. The impor-
tance of this as a goal shouldn't be underestimated. As
discussed above, the average Furore is a hateful creature,
typically with good reason.

Thesecond goal of terror tactics isto damage the elders'
position. Assassinated ghouls, burnt or destroyed holdings

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


and terrified herds all lead elders to take action, spending
their finite resources to search for an elusive target.

Elders typically have resources aplenty, but at any
given time, most of these are committed to one endeavor
or another. Terror attacks not only reduce an elder's
might, they force her to pull out of prior commitments,
losing face and forgoing the opportunity to use those
resources for profit. Instead, the elder must use them to
chase down an elusive target and protect her other
holdings. Also, the rebels have a significant advantage,
in that they are almost sure to have the initiative. They
can concentrate on any one target, but the elder must
attempt to guard all her holdings well enough to stop a
full-scale attack. To do otherwise invites the Furores to
pick off targets one at a time. Not only would such an
elder lose the target itself, but the rebels could quite
possibly annihilate the inadequate security guarding it
with no loss to themselves. Between the constant drain
from increasing security and the cost of the assets actu-
ally destroyed in the attacks, one or even several elders
can quickly find themselves stretched thin indeed.

But the elder's physical property isn't the only thing
that the Furores target. Their mental stability and their
image are just as much a target as their ghouls and
investments. A frightened, angry elder is an erratic elder,
prone to short-term thinking and fixating on what they
perceive as "the problem." Like bullfighters, the rebels
seek to reduce the elders to an insensible rage during
which they can casually slip in the fatal sword. Likewise,
an elder who is the target of repeated attacks can lose face.
Obviously, their ability to protect their followers comes
into question. Pethaps more seriously, a weakened elder
may well be attacked or even destroyed by her rivals or
disgruntled progeny, who may attempt to dress it up as a
Furore attack, or may just show their hand and laugh
heartlessly at their enemy's poor luck — the War of Ages
is brutal and played for keeps, after all.

Tertor's third goal is to make the elders more repres-
sive. This seems paradoxical, but it makes sense from a
brutally practical point of view. The very first thing most
elders do when they realize there is Furore activity in their
region is to lighten up on their progeny. Progeny whose
existences are rewarding have little reason to risk Final
Death by throwing in with the Furores. By striking repeat-
edly at the elders, the Furores seek to create a climate of
suspicion and anger in which elders are likely to clamp
down on their childer. They may become angry over real
or imagined failures, suspicious about their childer's loy-
alty or simply frustrated. Regardless, if they are frightened
and angry enough, most elders will lash out at the nearest
target. And the more the elders lash out, the more those
targets are likely to see the merits of the Furore arguments.

ASSASSINATION

Actually assassinating elders or their favored progeny
isa tricky business. Done too early, it will bring down the

ASHEN THIEF

wrath of an entire region on the rebels' heads. Delayed too
long, it deprives the mounting cycle of terror and repres-
sion of its impact and gives the local elders a chance to
regain their footing and prepare counterblows. Not only is
the timing critical, but the actual process of assassination
can be very difficult, particularly ifthe target dwells within
a labyrinth or other elaborately defended haven.

For some rebels, this makes elders with labyrinths the
most attractive targets. By destroying the most well-
defended target, the Furores show that they can strike
anywhere, no matter how secure. The assassination of a
well-defended elder increases the level of anxiety consid-
erably among his surviving peers. Resources nearby elders
would have used to hunt the Furores or maintain their day-
to-day operations are used instead to protect themselves.
This grants the Furores increased freedom of activity, to
strike again at a place and time of their choosing.

The actual manner of the assassination is of course
strictly dependent on the elder and the Furores. One
question that is always difficult for a Furore band is how
many of their number to send after an elder. The more
they send, presumably the greater their chance of suc-
cess. But killing an elder is never easy, and a wise Furore
plans for failure — if a failed assassination weakens the
band too greatly, they will be easy picking for the target's
revenge. And an elder's revenge is a terrible thing.

What is important is to maximize the impact of the
assassination. An attack on an elder involves a great expen-
diture of resources, quite probably including the Final
Deaths of one or more critical member of the Furore band.
At such a cost, the rebels must wring every possible drop of
benefit from the destruction. This means fully exploiting
the psychological effects on other elders and their followers.
The Furores make it clear that the elder died by diablerie,
even if they didn't. The rebels also make certain that they
don't leave the ashes of their own destroyed fighters at the
site of the battle — the matter must look as one-sided as
possible. Because ghouls are essentially impossible to terrify,
the Furores kill them in whatever fashion will most terrify
their owners —as if they were no threat at all, or else with
gut-wrenching brutality.

How to deal with the progeny and other vampiric
minions of an elder targeted for assassination is a matter
of much debate. Obviously if they are under the blood
oath, there won't be much choice. They'll have to be
staked or destroyed. Staking is better, because they'll
probably be free of the blood oath when the stake is
removed after the elder's death. Rebels would, however,
do well to make sure that whoever discovers the scene of
the assassination can't arrange matters to their own ben-
efit, for example by decapitating the staked progeny and
then claiming the rebels immobilized and executed them.

Progeny and Cainite underlings who aren't bound by
the blood oath are more complicated to deal with. Letting
them go can mean they fight another day, or imply weak-
ness on the parts of the Furores. Destroying them can make


the Furores seem too bloodthirsty when it comes to dealing
with neonates and ancillae — nobody wants to work with
the people who butchered a friend or close peer. The actual
decision will hinge on the situation, and on what sort of
vampires the Furores really are, other than rebellious ones.

REVOLUTIONARY
(OVERNMENT

"You're leaving!" His tone was accusatory

"Lam."

"You're abandoning us! We need you!"

"No, you don't." I started to keep walking down the
road, but he blocked my path. "I have a long way to walk
tonight, Erik. Let me go."

"It's just ego, isn't it? We don't want you to lead us
anymore, and so you're going to leave. Who'll be our
general? Who'll lead us in battle?"

"Aurelius is good. Sven's good, too."

"You bastard! You're leavingme!" He punched me, but just
out of anger, not to injure. He certainly had reason to be angry.

I grabbed him by the collar and picked him up off the
ground without trying. That shocked some sense into him

"Listen to me, and listen well. You can come if you want.
Go, pack your things, and we'll go together. But I am not staying
here, and it has nothing to do with an offended ego. You elected
Aurelius as your leader. I don'tagree with it, but I don't think it's
aterrible choice either. But I know there are some people who do
disagree with it, and that there are some other people who wishthey
had been selected. If stay here, Aurelius will never be able to rule
withouteveryone looking tome for my approval, or without people
bitter over their own lack of success whispering behind his back
about what a better job I'd do. He can't do his job that way, and
I care too much about what I've built to cripple him. Do you
understand that?" I shook hima few times to drive the point home.
Maybel shouldn'thave, but] did. Hewas crying —tears of blood.
I should never have hooked up with a kid like that.

Iset him down. "Now, either run off and join Aurelius'
victory celebration, or go pack your things while they're all at
the party and meet me here, but choose."

He nodded, stood up straight, and said, as calmly as he
could, "I'll be back." I nodded as he ran off, mostly to myself.
Stupid kid — he was going to get himself killed

Ifthe rebels are not exterminated, and they actively
pursue victory, sooner or later they will achieve it. What
the rebels do when they stand on the verge of victory —
how they divide the spoils if there are several bands
working together, how they deal with elders who surren-
derand how quickly they take over the elders' mortal and
supernatural concerns — all shape the government to
come. Make no mistake: Actually carrying out the
revolution is as critical as all of the rebellion that led up
to it. If the end result is no different or no better than
what came before, then the whole exercise has been just
another bloody little footnote in the War of Ages.

THe REAL SITUATION

Many elders entertain the belief that the Furores are
totally unsuited to govern — that if they somehow do
end up in control of things, that they'll make a hopeless
botch of matters. While it is true that the Furores are
usually inexperienced with the reins of power, the idea
that they're dramatically unsuited to it couldn't be far-
ther from the truth. While it is understandable that the
average elder might want to take comfort in the idea of
indispensability, it's not the fact of the matter.

Most Cainites are Embraced because they possess useful
skills, and those skills very often relate toadministration. A fair
number of young vampires were once highly competent
nobles, abbots or merchants before they became neonates. Just
because they are younger than their sires does not necessarily
mean that they are totally inexperienced, only that they are
inexperienced as Cainites. While obviously not every Furore
was once a merchant prince, any given rebel community is
likely to have some members in it who are experienced
administrators. Lack of skills is not the obstacle that these
vampiresmust surmount. Theirchallengeshave much more to
do with the opposition the Furores encounter, and the lack of
established institutions with which to meet that opposition.

To be completely honest, their sires are not neces-
sarily any great shakes either. For all that most princes
would like to lay claim to the ancient wisdom of the
Cainite brotherhood, the truth of the matter is that most
"elder" vampires are at most a few hundred years old.
Admittedly, this is a long time by mortal standards, and
elders who diligently apply themselves can master many
fields of endeavor. Of course, elders can also create a
brood of progeny to do all their work for them and spend
those centuries in scheming and self-indulgence, learn-
ing essentially nothing. Truth be told, there are probably
more elders of the latter type than of the former.

The Furores also often do not face the full might of the
prince and elders they target. Dealing with troublesome
rebels usually falls to a prince's minions —a sheriff, scourge
or other agent. These Cainites, although skilled, lack the
near-infinite patience and instinctive resilience and flexibil-
ity in devising plans that typifies the most successful elders.
Still ancillae, princely agents become angry, act impulsively
and take their defeats to heart. To the Furores, this is useful
— if they have access to a gifted politician (or the advice of
atrulyancientCainite), therebelscan takeadvantage of their
enemy's political inexperience. However, it isn'tall positive.
A sheriff who can be led by the nose isalsoa vampire who can
and will become fixated on Furore communities that thwart
him or destroy favored pawns and progeny.

Even when the Furores attract direct attention from
elders, they may not bedone for. Indeed, Cainites, by theirown
natures, are static creatures. As the years and the centuries roll
by, they become more and more set in their ways. Most
typically, this manifests as an inability to understand changes
in the world around them — indeed, this lack of ability to

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


ASHEN THIEF

connect with the world is one ofthe reasons most elders create
progeny. Elders from the Classical Era are products of a
freewheelinggroup ofsocieties and have been through enough
trialsthat the particularly inflexible have longagomet the Final
Death. But the post-Roman elders are products of a relatively
simple world, thatoflanded feudalism, and the Warof Ageshas
yet to weed out those who are unable to change. Quite often,
the elders the Furores face have difficulty even grasping the
concepts behind the tactics the rebels use against them.

CHALLENGES

Itoften seemsas if every weapon is drawn against a young
tebel holding. Most obviously, there are neighboring elders
worried about their safety and the safety of their power bases.
Butthere are othermenacesas well —dispossessed elders and
Methuselahs looking for a place to roost, local Lupines and
even witch-hunters drawn by the reports of vampiric activity
canall make the life ofthe community adifficultone. Indeed,
such threats bring an end to many Furore groups within a
decade or two of their initial success.

IfaFurorecommunity does the idealisticthing, wipingout
or driving off the surviving elders rather than incorporating
them into the new government, the rebels must then establish
their government from scratch. A certain amount of mortal
influencecan be retained ifthe young Turksare quick torebind
the ghouls of destroyed Cainites and pick up vacated social
contacts, but sometimes this is not an option. The elders'
resourcesand ghouls may have been destroyed in the rebellion,
or the Furores may not know what exactly the elders had their
hands in until it's too late to pick up the threads.

Mortal influence is only a tiny part of what a Furore
community needs, however. The real menace to a nascent
sectis in othersupernatural creatures, and this isamenacenot
so easily addressed as mortal interference. The primary worry
isthe wrath of neighboring Cainites, and their manipulations
are dealt with specifically in "Power Plays and Subversion,"
below. But, sometimes there is no subtle undermining of the
political structure; there is just open war.

A young Furore community must be able to somehow
repel attacks on its members or on the community itself by
the ghouls and progeny of nearby elders, and even occa-
sionally by the elders themselves. If the Furores do not all
make their havens in close physical proximity, the attacks
will almost certainly resemble guerilla tactics. This is not
because the elders are cowardly, but because they're intel-
ligent. It's much less of a drain on the elders' resources to
have a ghoul set a Furore's haven ablaze in the middle of
the day than to try to draw the rebels into open battle.

If the Furores all dwell in a fortress or compound of
some sort, or if the elder is of a particularly combative
inclination (like many voivodes or former knights), mat-
ters aren't going to stop with a little arson and some
daylight ghoul attacks. Instead, a full-scale assault is
likely. Ghouls may undertake this raid during the da
light or they may be joined by vampires for a night-time

k; especially chivalrous elders may even issue a
challenge to battle on the open field. Such a battle is a


serious matter — the elders are sure to put everything
they can muster into it, and losing it means a drastic
setback for the rebels, at the very least. On the other
hand, such attacks take time and effort for the elders to
muster — Furores with spies or sympathizers in the
prince's court will probably know about an assault in
advance, and may even be able to ambush their enemies
while they're preparing or on the march.

Power PLAYS AND SUBVERSION

The first priority of a successful rebellion, one that
must be tended to even before the first elder has withered
to dust in the morning sun, is forming a government.
Wartime administration cannot substitute for this —
wars are won with organization and discipline, but if the
victory is to be something more than a prelude to a
totalitarian state, there must be an accountable, egalitar-
ian structure to take the place of the wartime hierarchy.

Building that structure is the single most difficult task
that a successful Furore community must undertake, and
it is the one most likely to go wrong. Resisting attacks is
easy — most Furores are seasoned fighters. Building a
stable government is hard, and building one that doesn't
base its stability on iron-handed authority is harder still.

Flurocracy

Most successful rebellions come to fruition because of
the efforts of a few talented and driven individuals taking
leadership roles. Because vampires are deathless, it is
tempting to place all authority in the people (or person)
who carried the revolution to fruition. This is one of the
most common, and commonly fatal, Furore errors.

First, basing a governmenton the principle of "we do
what she tells us" assumes that "she" will be there in
perpetuity. Vampires are unaging, but not immortal.
They can and do succumb to the Final Death and torpor.
They are also not indefatigable, or infallible, or immune
tothe temptations of power. A particular Cainite may be
a viable leader now, but what happens in 10 years or a
hundred when she becomes weary of the post, succumbs
to the Beast, proves corrupt or when her leadership style
becomes unsuited to changing political conditions:

Similarly, whatever hisfollowerscall him, asingleCainite
running the operation is the prince. He might be a friendly
prince, but it's still essentially the same situation as before,
just with different people in the various chairs. In the short
term, this can seem beneficial — neighboring elders are
likely to see the leader as someone reasonable they can deal
with. In the long term, it's disastrous. The community is still
going to be troubled by and take part in the same conflicts as
before, and in the same fashion, except that now the leaders
will have considerably less knowledge and experience.

The error of the one-man show is by no means
obvious in the short term. Keep in mind that the vampire
in question is often a heroic figure, and that while democ-
racy is by no means unknown in Dark Medieval Europe,

it is not inculcated into their culture the way it is in ours.
Of those Furore communities that do exist, a large number
areone-vampire shows, run by an unelected leader with no
real provisions for succession or removal should they
prove unfit. When and while this system works, these
benevolent despots provide the best government they're
capable of giving. When it fails, asit almost certainly must,
it typically marks the end of the community.

AUruoriTARIANISM

Another common path to failure is the authoritarian
state. Most typically, a powerful Cainite, either the leader of
the revolution or someone who came along afterward, uses
a small cadre of loyal followers to terrorize local Cainites
intosubmission. Sometimes this is simply repressive, and no
improvementatall over the previoussituation. Othertimes
it is much, much worse. All it takes to reduce the commu-
nity toa black carnival of Amaranth isa ruler who has no
ambition but the gratification of her own sick urges. It can
and does happen that these hopeful young communities
end their existences (or at least their free existences) as the
playthings of powerful infernalists, demented Methuselahs
or a Cainite who is simply crafty and brutal enough to
impose his will on all those unable to escape.

But thisisn'talways the road to tyranny. Many dictator-
ships happen one seemingly justified step at a time. With
neighboring elders eager to subvert the government, those
in power must act to preserve their rule. The rulers must
ferret out those who have become beholden to outside
powers. They must suppress dissent so that the enemies of
the community cannot use it as a lever to tear the body
politic apart. They must prevent vampires from doing
things that will endanger the community as a whole. If the
community has reason to fear infernalism or some other sort
of black practice, then that must be policed for as well.

Measures taken to protect the community and preserve
its freedom are often a slippery slope toward repression —
the goal can easily shift from preserving freedom through
protecting the state to preserving the state for its own sake.
The habits of wartime thinking are hard to break, but unless
they are broken, any attempt to find an egalitarian solution
to the problems of Cainite existence is likely to degenerate
into a self-perpetuating exercise in power.

While it may have stated goals far superior to the
average elder's, an authoritarian Furore community is
really just another player in the War of Ages. Having
long compromised its ideals, it becomes no different than
its opponents. If a vampiric sect will use any tactic to
expand its power and assure its internal security, does the
thetoric it uses to justify its excesses really matter?

INFIGHTING

Perhaps the most popular way fora potential utopia to
come to an untimely end, political infighting has brought
ruin to many a carefully laid plan. As has been said before,
successful revolutionsare typically led by ambitious people
with powerful personalities. Often, several of them must

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


& WORLD OF THE FINITE

Keep in mind that elders are working with finite
resources, Unless youspecifically want the game torun
that way, they shouldn't be cartoon villains with
endless hordes of minions to throw at the characters in |
this week's insidious plot. Cainites have only so many
disposable resources, and once they run out, there |
aren't any more. Few elders are stupid, and fewer still
are playing the game for anything but keeps: They will
aim their blows to kill)and=when they-haye-the
advantage, they will pushrit to the fullest.

However, the average elder hasalotofotherthings
on his mind. You don't-get-to-be'a powerful‘Cainite
lord by sitting around'and twiddling your thumbs.
Even if the characters ‘have' eamed ‘the immortal
enmity of aprince, hisptgeny.and ghouls are going to
be spread out, taking'eate of his interests; Iewill rake
time, effortand probably greatexpense to concentrate
everything arelder controls todeal with an unusually
tenaciousproblem, Whilethe elders will be strikingto
kill,theywillinmost cases attempt to doso in the most
economical fashion possible. Victory is meaningless if
it btings nothing to the weakened winner but Final
Death at the fangs of rival.

‘Als, mostéldershavénidthingbut time. Not that
they don't understand urgency, but without acompel-
lingtedson, why should they hurry?Some will resort to
force our6fhabit or angerorimmediateneed, but most
are willing"to»pbrsue mat"ong:térm, economical
paths to their goals. Why sacrifice a few ghouls or a
childe when a few years planting an infiltrator, fo-
menting unrest or provoking a mortal witch-hunt will
pay off just as well, for a much smaller investment?

unite to lead their followers to victory. While the needs of
the rebellion hold these vampires together against a
common foe, what happens afterward isa different story.

The one thing that Furores have in common is the
desire to live outside their elders' tyrannical grasp. Be-
yond that, they agree on very little indeed. Left with
nothing to hold them together but the promise of brighter
tomorrows, a fervently Catholic Lasombra and a Brujah
yearning to return to the glory of the Hellenic age are not
going to get along well, and neither are their followers.

Slightly (but only slightly) worse is the specter of politi-
cal opportunism. In any social group, there will be those who
want to better themselves regardless of the cost to the system.
The chance to get in at the founding of what is essentially a
new sect brings these vampires out of the woodwork. Given
the small size of young Furore communities and their often
tenuous position, it only takes one or two social climbers or
tribe splitters to destroy the rebels' chanc

Of course, and unfortunately, the only alternative is
to suppress, exile or destroy these Cainites. This forces
the leaders of these infant sects to make painful choices.

ASHEN THIEF

How much dissent can be suppressed in the name of
keeping out people whose only motivation is to increase
their status irregardless if they tear apart the community
as they do it? How often can a leader attempting to forge
a better way of life silence those who oppose her before
opposition in and of itself becomes grounds for silencing?
This situation is exacerbated by the fact that elder
vampires excel at encouraging precisely this sort of thing.
A young community of Furores shouldn't just expect to be
beset by compulsive power-grabbers. Itshould realize that
these political predators are backed by the money, advice
and if necessary the armed retainers of one or more local
elders. Maybe the elder is interested in securing the
borders of his domain, or maybe he want to extend his
holdings. Either way, he is likely very good at spotting the
one (or more) Furore who can convince herself that she
can take his resources without compromising herself. By
the time she is disabused of such a notion, it's too late.

ExportiING REVOLUTION

The enmity that elders hold for Furore communities
is well-merited. Often, the first thing that a newly
established utopian community does is attempt to spread
its creed. Indeed, often before the pyres of the last elders
are cold, spies and agents have fanned out across the
landscape to spread the news of freedom.

This is both understandable and unavoidable. Vam-
pires who have fought so long and so hard to gain their
independence are likely to look abroad to find others
locked in similar struggles. Likewise, Cainites driven by
a compulsion to take revenge against elders as a group
aren't likely to stop with just one city or small region.

There are two ways to export rebellion. The first is by
actually subverting and attacking neighboring fiefdoms.
This is really little more than war, and not terribly
dissimilar to the rebels' original revolutionary battles.
The differences lie mostly in the fact that the rebels are
now almost certainly more secure, possessed of more
extensive resources, and hopelessly overconfident.

In this regard, the reach of these young communities
exceeds their grasp. It is not uncommon for such vampires
to have almost their whole strength out stirring up havoc
while the weak sisters and the ghouls keep the home fires
burning. The result is obvious: A huge amount of effort is
spentstirring up trouble, and that trouble then lands on the
unprepared community with both feet. Many successful
Furore groups make this error, and it destroys many of them.

The second manner Furores export rebellion is by
providing aid and advice to other Furore bands. Some
tebel communities are very particular about who they
will aid, only assisting those Cainites in complete ideo-
logical agreement with them. Others are more generous,
and will aid even groups they find objectionable. The
enemy of their enemy is their friend, or tool at least.

Regardless, this the safer method of supporting revolu-
tion. Theaid dispatched may besilver, advisorsorwell-trained


ghouls to bolster the rebel forces. Regardless, a Furore com-
munity can give other rebel bands a much better chance of
success without necessarily weakening itself or drawing the
wrath of the elders down onto its newly unbowed head.
There are downsides, of course. It's only a short step
from supporting other rebel groups to actingas their patron,
and from acting as their patron to using them as catspaws.
It's easy to play the War of Ages game — without any
conscious effort, a Furore community can easily become an
alliance of elder Cainites who differ from those they oppose
only in that they use rhetoric to justify their actions.
Ona more practical level, these efforts must be carefully
balanced. While they further the Furore cause and give
neighboring elders something to worry about other than
squashing the infant Furore state, they are not free. Advisors,
silver and ghouls sent out to help another Furore band fight
their war are not available to the rebel community from
whence they originate. These young rebel communities are
often operating ina hand-to-mouth fashion as it is,and many
can scarcely afford to subsidize the efforts of others. Likewise,
while offering advice and support is less likely than direct
attack to bring down retribution, itis still possible to go too
farand bring about a concerted attack by anumber of princes.

FURORE GROUPS
AND PERSONALITIES

"You're bringing in a fanatic!"

"Yes."

"This is not about the Church, and if it was, that...
priestis a Heretic! He thinks Jesus Christ the Lord and Savior
was a savior for Cainites only!"

SYes?

"What is this shit? Are you going to pour vitae into a
chalice and pass it out at the local church?"

"They are offering to back us up. In case you missed it,
Horsingas died last month at the hand of what may possibly
be the best Cainite blood-hunter on this side of the Pyrenees."

"They are Heretics!"

"They are sending us one of their missionary priests, who just
so happens to have trained under the same person who educated
Jack of the Chase, and who has killed more elders than there are
people in this poxed army of ours. Don't be stupid. Do you want
to get us all killed? He'll try to convert us — so what? We know
they won't be forceful about it, and I've met him myself. He's
legitimate, he just happens to have some very strange beliefs
Longinus' spear, Shannon, if we stand on our principles, we'll be
gone insixmonths! Ashin the moming sun, justlike Horsingas!"

"Fine. I'll listen, but I won't like it."

"You don't have to like it — you just have to learn."

The following section talks about the sorts of Cainites
who make up the Furores, and briefly describes various
Furore communities that have established themselves in
Europe. These societies make interesting additions to an
ongoing chronicle — they can serve as a setting for play,

as a location for adventure, or simply as an unusual
background element that shapes play.

What has been omitted is the specific location of
these communities. As a courtesy to Storytellers who
don't wish to find a band of fervent revolutionaries set
down in the middle of their ongoing Dark Ages chronicle,
only their general location is specified.

COMMON CLANS

There are Furores from every clan — it's notas if any
clan's elders have a monopoly on being good or bad
people. There are rebellious Assamites, Setites, Tremere
and Cappadocians. But by and large, the majority of
Furores come from one of four clans. Depending on
location, these clans taken together make up between 40
and 70 percent of the rebel population. Because there are
more of them than of any other Furores, members of
these clans also most often occupy a leadership position.
However, just as there are Furores from each clan, so are
there Furore leaders from each of them as well.

BRWAH

Zealots unsurprisingly make up a large proportion of
the Furores. A goodly numberare rebelling directly against
theirsires—just because they preach a rhetoric of equality
bynomeans exempts Brujah elders from using and abusing
their progeny. Others are rebelling indirectly, against the
clan as a whole rather than any specific elder — these
vampires reject the introspective elders of their clan and
seek to shame them into action by their own success.
Indeed, the Brujah are one of the few clans whose mem-
bers join the Furores without a long history of abuse.

The result is often more than a little awkward. The
Brujah are charismatic speakers and excellent warriors, but
they're often involved for academic and not personal rea-
sons. Some are fair-weather revolutionaries who vanish
when they realize that Final Death is forever, but most
soldier on at hopeless tasks to which they have only
ideological commitments. This is often met with a mixture
of admiration, puzzlement and derision, depending on the
vampire doing the assessment: Many Furores believe that
someone who hasn't been treated terribly has no business or
reason to be fighting a revolution. On the other hand,
chronically short tempers and powerful combat Disciplines
mean these Cainites are rarely insulted to their faces.

Philosophically motivated Brujah often have very
stormy relationships with their sires. These young Cainites
are clearly acting with their hearts and not their heads,
which makes them foolish, but on the other hand, they're
basically doing the right thing, and both sides know it.
Unfortunately, the youths make it explicitly clear, often at
inconvenient moments, just how they're doing the right
thing. The result is huge public spats, followed by unspo-
kenapologiesand (often but notalways) the quiet provision
of assistance or care packages, culminating in another
public showdown as Zealot tempers flare again.

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


VENTRUE

Itisperhapsnosurprise that the Patricians produce a large
numberof Furores. A number of those selected for the "natural
nobility" of their blood and taken into the clan of "natural
rulers" eventually wonder when their chance to nule will come.
In most cases, the answer is not fora long, long time. Physical
abuse aside, the realization that the Embrace was essentially a
giant scam is enough to send many Ventrue over the edge.

Envy isn't the sole cause, however, or even the prime
one. Many young Ventrue have their heads filled with
stories of the daeva, insidious creatures whom the Ventrue
believe lurk in the shadows behind the world and spin out
webs of black-hearted intrigue. It is often rather difficult
for young Ventrue, trained to see the plots of sinister
demonic beings behind every events, to not see that their
own clan and society is also most likely adaevic ploy. After
concluding that elder Patricians who participate in
vampiric society are either minions or dupes enabling the
menace even as they allege to fight against it, what real
choice do the clan's ancillae have but to attempt to stop
it? It's their duty by right of blood, after all.

This somewhat unusual fervor puts the Ventrue near
par with Brujah for vampires who join the Furores for
ideological reasons. Like the Brujah, their power in battle
and their leadership abilities make them feared, if not
necessarily respected, by their compatriots. However, while
the Brujah will typically hold forth on the righteous nature
of their cause for as long as anyone is willing to listen,
Ventrue Furores are more taciturn. They fight without

giving explanation, remain ever-vigilant for spies and por-
tents, and fear threats they choose not to share with their
comrades. Better, believe many of these silent crusaders, if
others do not know the gravity of the situation.

LASOMBRA

Justas the Ventrue produce many dissatisfied young
vampires, so do their dark likenesses, the Lasombra. If
anything, Magister society produces significantly more
such rebels, and those rebels are considerably more bitter
about the situation.

The Lasombra practice of recruiting second sons
and promising might-have-beens bases itself on the
promise of recognition and accomplishment after the
Embrace. Yet many Lasombra sires mock and punish
their progeny for failing to measure up. The clan's
collective penchant for overcompensation assures that
for these elders, good enough will never be good enough.

Those neonates who persevere until their sires release
them find that little more awaits than further chances to be
disgraced and passed over yet again. The Magisters divide
themselves into an array of social cliques. Just being skilled is
notenough—one mustalso become one of the Friends of the
Night. To be otherwise is simply failure dressed up as an
acceptable performance. Decades of ruthless exploitation by
their sires and brutal competition with their peers embitters
many members of this clan, and many of those hateful,
ambitious castaways go to join the ranks of the Furores.
ASHEN THIEF

TZIMISCcE

Just as with the Lasombra, the Fiends' high expecta-
tions and brutal competition produces a lot of Cainite
refuse. The nighted roads of Eastern Europe are seemingly
thronged by ragged bands of Tzimisce refugees, castoffs from
the wars of the voivodes. Most are young Fiends whose sires
were destroyed, or who disappointed their masters and were
disfigured and cast into exile as punishment. Others were
mercenaries or accidental victims of the conflicts, thrown
into the harsh, dark world by unlucky circumstance.

These Eastern European refugees are in some ways
markedly differentthan their fellow Furores. Coloredstrongly
by the eldritch bloodlettings of their parent clan, these
Cainites hold strange beliefs about the sharing of blood, and
often share vitae as a ritual of unity. Because they are so
fierce in battle, Tzimisce are welcome among the Furores.
Indeed, in many places, their blood-sharing rituals have
been adopted as a way to encourage loyalty between mem-
bers of a Furore band. Though most Furores discourage true
blood oaths inside the band, the positive emotions engen-
dered by sharing blood once or twice are often encouraged,
as they create a sense of unity and discourage betrayal.

New LACADAEMONIA
(THE GREEK ISLANDS)

New Lacadaemonia exists on the border marches of
the Byzantine Empire, just outside the influence of the
Toreador Methuselah Michael of Constantinople. Dur-
ing the early years of the 11th century, an elder Brujah
named Hektor (no relation to the Trojan hero) awak-
ened from a sleep of several centuries to find the world
around him radically changed. The Muslim Caliphate,
which had been at its zenith, was now shattered, and the
Dream of the Methuselah Michael was clearly on the
wane, along with Cainite society as a whole.

It seemed as if the time might be ripe for a new
beginning to the Brujah vision of utopia. Hektor had
nothing but contempt for the posturing and reflection of
his clanmates; he had taken the sleep of centuries because
he couldn't convince them to act. Now, the once-strong
Cainite social edifices had crumbled to the point where he
could operate on his own without bringing down the
wrath the elders. The time was ripe for action.

Hektor gathered together a group of disaffected
young Cainites. The recruits were mostly unhappy Brujah,
grandchilder and great-grandchilder of his own rivals —
an irony he did not fail to appreciate. There were also a
number of Lasombra recruited from the ranks of that
clan's seafaring members, and Tzimisce driven from the
border marches by the bloodlettings of the Byzantine-
Slav wars and the conflicts between the voivodes.

Though Hektor was no Methuselah, he was still old
enough to have known most of the local elders' sires, and
his power had grown significantly during his long slumber.
With him at their head, the Furores' rebellion was short,


bloody and successful — one of the most to date. Most
neighboring elders discounted it as just bloody-handed
politics, but New Lacadaemonia was soon providing covert
aid toa dozen rebel bands around the Mediterranean basin.
By the time potential rivals realized the Brujah elder had an
agenda other than amassing personal power, the rebels were
too well entrenched to be dislodged without support from
Byzantium — support which was unlikely to be forthcom-
ing unless Hektor misplayed his cards terribly and
antagonized the city's ancient inhabitants.

Since then, New Lacadaemonia has prospered. While
itisnot terribly different from anormal Cainite commu-
nity, itdoes have amuch stronger democratic component
than is typical. In addition, young vampires may not be
mistreated prior to their release, and Cainites who fall
into difficulties can plead for relief from the state.

In terms of faith and belief, Hektor and his priestess
Maureen preserve pagan practices from pre-Christian days,
but many of the citizens retain their Byzantine Orthodoxy.
To follow the faith of the dictator, however, has a certain
status attached to it, and a growing cabal of Cainites have
been initiated into the secrets of their mystery cult.

STRUCTURE

New Lacadaemonia is located on a large island with
about 20,000 inhabitants spread across a small city,
several market towns and a large number of agricultural
hamlets. These mortals are essentially serfs of the 40 or
so Cainites who make up the citizenry of the vampiric
state. The mortal inhabitants (whom the vampires call
"helots") are allowed to retain their own rituals and
religion, but are not allowed to move elsewhere.

The island remits the proper tax revenues to the
Byzantine Empire, and the Lacadaemonians assure them-
selves that the tax-farming governors appointed to
administer it are scrupulously honest, hopelessly domi-
nated and totally ignorant of the true situation on the
island. In this way, the utopia is preserved.

Hektor is the dictator of New Lacadaemonia, and
theoretically he holds all power. In reality he serves as a
sort of manager, arbitrating between factions and giving
assent to decisions of the Assembly, a body made up of
every Cainite citizen released by their sire. All of these
vampires have a legally equal voice and the Assembly
can recommend any action it feels necessary for the
community's wellbeing. This includes but is not limited
to raising tax revenues and the conscription, exile or
even death of a Cainite. Hektor must sanction a recom-
mendation for it to be enacted.

New Lacadaemonia generally abides by several of
the Six Traditions: Hektor (and the Assembly) approve
every Embrace and review any destruction, sires are
responsible (and still release) their childer, havens re-
main largely sacrosanct, and the community preserves
the Silence of Blood to avoid outside attention. But

there is no strict legal code, and all these policies exist at
the whim of the citizenry and dictator.

This, of course, is the system's greatest weakness.
Everything ultimately relies on the Assembly exhibiting
self-control and havinga dictator wise and distantenough
to mediate any disputes. Hektor is already forced to
mediate constantly in the Assembly, and there are no
Cainites of his caliber to replace him if he suffers some
mishap. The elder Brujah already slips in and out of short
torpors regularly, and when he returns to the sleep of
centuries, as he inevitably must, his structure will have a

great deal of difficulty standing without him.

HEKTOR,
Dicrator oF New LacaDAEMONIA

6th generation, childe of Philogos

Clan: Brujah

Nature: Autocrat

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 375 CE

Apparent Age: late 30s

Sired during the fall of the Western Roman Empire and
the rise of the Byzantine state, Hektor spent his time as a
neonate listening to tales of Greek and Carthaginian glory
passed down from sire to childe from his great-grandsire,
who had once held an important post in Sparta, and who
had served as a functionary in Carthage prior to the First
Punic War. Frustrated with his sire's and his peers' lack of
willingness to actually do anything about the decline of his
clan or of the world in general, Hektor cast about angrily for
something he could seize on to give meaning to his exist-
ence. Failing to find anything, he laid down to sleep the
morning after he heard the news of Attila's entrance into
the Po Valley, and slept away the centuries, never knowing
that the Hun had been turned be

TRORES


While a valiant warrior and skilled leader, Hektor is
possessed of two faults. The first is that he subconsciously
greatly enjoys being the dictator of New Lacadaemonia:
While he doesn't think about it very much, his failure to
set up a form of government that can continue without
him is at least somewhat deliberate.

Hektor's more severe flaw is the fact that his great-
grandsire also inculcated in his descendents a tremendous
respect for the religion of the Carthaginians, the worship
of Baal-Haman in rituals involving human sacrifice.
Hektor has very quietly but persistently sought out a
Baali priest (see Maureen, below) for his community,
and is gradually initiating those he trusts most into the
true mysteries of their ancient beliefs.

Atiocuus, THE VoIcE OF REHSON

10th generation, childe of Lumilla

Clan: Brujah

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 1011

Apparent Age: late 40s

Antiochus and his followers form the loyal opposi-
tion to Hektor's rule. A Brujah sired in the first year of
the 11th century, Antiochus was one of Hektor's first
followers. Over the last few decades, Antiochus has been
the leading voice urging Hektor to set up a more sustain-
able form of government

Asa result, Antiochus has fallen somewhat out of

favor. While he is still a respected voice in the Assembly,
one too many intractable disputes over the same matter
have cost him hisonce-preeminent popularity. Antiochus
is no more happy about his intractability than his peers,
and has been spending as much time as possible attending

to his duties by advising rebel groups across Europe. The
Zealot is taking unnecessary risks, and he doesn't care —
the alternative is to tear apart a community he helped
found. If nothing changes, Antiochus is going to meet
the Final Death sooner or later, and most of the hope for
reform in New Lacadaemonia will die with him.

Antiochus is a relatively devout Orthodox Christian
responsible forkeepingthe island free of the Cainite Heresy,
despite the degree to which it would be convenient for the
rulership. He knows Hektor and some of his cronies are
practicing pagan beliefs, and he can deal with the idea of
them groveling to statues of Zeus. However, if the Cainite
ever finds out precisely what is required to placate Baal-
Haman, it will not be something he can abide.

Maureen, Dark PRIESTESS

8th generation, childe of Sugareg

Bloodline: Bali

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Fanatic

Embrace: 681 CE

Apparent Age: early 20s

Maureen was a young Baali of traditional training who
dwelt in North Africa during the early years of the Muslim
Caliphate. She took advantage of the early Muslim heresies
tomakeacomfortable existence, buta Tuaregattack on her
followers left her without sustenance, stranded in a desert
cave and eventually trapped in hunger-torpor.

Itwas Hektor who unearthed herafter immense research,
andaskedherto become thepriestessofhisNewLacadaemonia.
With her own followers centuries dead, she quickly agreed.
Hektor introduced her as the childe of a companion of his
deceased sire, and none saw reason to dispute it.


Since her awakening, Maureen has been growing
her congregation in New Lacadaemonia. It currently
numbers slightly overa half-dozen, and itis growing very
gradually, adding another member every few years. None
of those involved are devil-worshippers — all are quite
sincere in their placation of the Children. Not that this
will matter if the blasphemous faith is discovered.

Tue Ciry Or Gop

(PYRENEES MounTaIns)

Founded in 1120 by the (late) Bishop Hugh, this
splinter of the Cainite Heresy has proved troublesome to
many elders, particularly those involved in the actual
direction of the Heresy itself.

The great fortified monastery thathas become the City of
God was originally held by the Crimson Curia in trust for the
Heresy. That was, of course, until a small number of Lasombra
took it as their own. The directors of the Heresy had no idea
that the three vampires they had invited to the monastery as
assistants in keeping it under control were themselves mem-
bers of a splinter faith — the Red Temptation.

This faith preached that the appearance of Christ as the
Second Caine had signaled the beginning of a great uprising
against laldabaoth, the devilish creator of the corrupt physical
world. All former rules were to be abolished, and the followers
of the True Faith were to grant Gnosis (in the form of the
Embrace) toas many as possible, indulge in as much license as
they were able and tear down all structures that served make
Cainitesand mortals alike dependenton laldabaoth's world of
clayand accountability. Italso taught thatmany of the Second
Christ'schilderhad been corrupted, and that opposition tothe
False Creator required opposition to elder Cainites, most of
whom were in some ways pawns of dark forces.

This faith was popular among the Ophites, but the sect
was largely destroyed early in the Christian Era— mostly by
Cainites who quite sensibly saw it as a terrible threat. The
three Lasombra had uncovered Red Temptation holy writ-
ings while in southern Italy and taken them for revelation.
After carefully searching out a well-fortified base whose
inhabitants had experienced one too many Red Pentecosts,
the three arranged to become its guardians and the provid-
ers of its vitae. Given that there were almost 300 monks in
the monastery, this had already proven problematic, and
the Heresy was glad to have them.

It was only a matter of a few years until the entire
populace of the monastery was converted to the Red
Temptation, and only a few years after that that the City
of God was proclaimed and the monastery freed from the
yoke of laldabaoth's pawn, the "true" Cainite Heresy.
The Heresy sent a number of Cainite warriors and their
retainers to the monastery to inquire into the heretical
outburst, and only one Cainite and two retainers re-
turned, bearing news that the Lasombra had been
Embracing freely and that there were legions of heretics.

Shortly afterward, outposts of the Heresy began to
receive missionaries from the City of God. Where the

missionaries were rebuked or destroyed, assassins fol-
lowed. For the last 50 years, the Heresy has been casting
around to find way to deal with this festering sore

(Not unexpectedly, the Cainite Heresy supplement
has more information on the Heresy itself.)

SrrucTureE

There are currently around 240 monks in the City of
God, about 18 of whom are Lasombra embraced by the
original three vampires. The rest are ghouls. The City of
God consumes an immense amount of resources keeping all
the ghouls fed, given the regularity that Cainites feed on
them and their distinctly unhealthy lifestyles. The vast
sums of silver flowing in from enfeoffed lands have long ago
ceased flowing out to jewelers and merchants of rare delica-
cies, and begun flowing out to herdsmen. The quantity of
meat consumed by the monastery in asingle year isamazing,
even by thestandardsofadecadentmonastery. Theamount
of bone meal and leather that flows back out has made the
monastery locally notable, though the stink from the tan-
ning vats has made it widely avoided as well —a calculated
decision on the part of the bishops.

The City of God isa monastery and generally follows
the Benedictine Rule, although not in those instances
where the rule teaches a morality that would go against
the City's heretical beliefs The two remaining Lasombra
founders now rule the community (the third having died
at Heretic hands), and it continues to prosper — it is
careful to conceal the blasphemous truth of its existence
from mortal eyes, though it is all too well-known among
Cainites for hundreds of miles.

Red Temptation missionaries are active in southern
France and northern Spain. A half-dozen Cainites and
twice that many ghouls routinely try to sway Heretical
congregations and debate theology with Heretical priests.
Normally, the missionaries are tolerable, but occasionally
internal politics reach the point where they become
violent, and a few years of tit-for-tat assassinations result.

The Red Temptation is happy to provide assistance to
other Furore groups. Alll they ask is that their advisor-mission-
aries be given the opportunity to preach and not be persecuted
for their beliefs. In the eyes of the Red Temptation, it's more
important to pull down Ialdabaoth's world than to make sure
everyone recites the right psalms. Indeed, the Temptation sees
itself as having far more in common with the average Furore
than with the average Heretic. Most Furores would beg to
differ, however, and despite their generosity the inhabitants of
the City of God are not well-loved by their fellow rebels.

BisHop ARNAUD, THE FALLEN HERETIC
8th generation, childe of Marie-Claire
Clan: Lasombra
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Fanatic
Embrace: 999 CE
Apparent Age: late 30s

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


Bishop Amaud has a terrible secret — he
doesn't actually believe any of this. Maybe he did once,
or maybe he just convinced himself he did for the sake of
blood and power. Whatever the case may be, he doesn't
believe now, and he isn't exactly in the sort of position
that permits crises of faith. To Arnaud, existence in the
Red Temptation is like an unending nightmare. Never
for aminute can he let it slip that he finds the almost 20
vampires who surround him to be grotesque freaks.

Amaud slipped once, and confessed his weakness to
thenow-late Bishop Hugh. Hugh wasincensed that Arnaud
could turn his face away from the faith and stormed off to
the mission trail, there to debate what to do with his weak-
willed brother. The next night, Arnaud informed Heresy
agents of Hugh's itinerary and arranged his destruction.

Amaud is constantly struggling with Josephus for
control of the City of God. If it was up to Josephus, they'd
have swarmed into Rome like locusts by now. Only
Arnaud's constant pleas for secrecy, to wait until the time
is right, have postponed Josephus' holy crusade. Arnaud
cannot even imagine what Josephus would do if had had
even the slightest inkling of his doubts. What frightens
him the most is that if Josephus is "touched", a blue bolt
from the Heavensseems|ike an entirely possible response.

Bishop JosEPHUs, THE CHOSEN VOICE
8th generation, childe of Hugh
Clan: Lasombra
Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Fanatic
Embrace: 901 CE
Apparent Age: early 20s
Josephus is a fanatic, and what is worse, he would

appear to be a fanatic on the right side. When Josephus
was just an ancilla, he and his two broodmates discovered

ASHEN THIEF

the ancient holy writings of the true faith, and Josephus
knew that it was his sacred mission to bring those teach-
ings to the world and see them come to fruition.

And something powerful, it would seem, agrees with
him. Josephus practically glows from within with the light
ofhis faith. Miracleshappen around him— chalicesof wine
turn to blood, crucified figures writhe in agony, the sick are
made whole and unbelievers are sometimes consumed from
within by the fires of the Lord, Josephus himselfis a walking
tapestry of Ialdabaoth's wrath — his hands bleed with
stigmata, there is a gash in his side, foul things nest in his
flesh, but somehow whatever favor he enjoys protects him
from the negative sides of these horrific afflictions

The inhabitants of the monastery worship him as an
unliving saint. Monks beg to receive the Kiss and Em-
brace from him, and he grants it when he is able. Josephus
is beatific in his perfect faith. This is all ordained, and
everything will work out well. It vexes him sometimes
that Arnaud worries so, but he understands that those
who do not know are often plagued with doubts great and
small. As for Arnaud's reluctance to march on Rome and
proclaim the glory of the faith from the Papal seat,
Josephus understands that there must be time for prepa-
ration. That is why he lets Arnaud stop him. One day,
Amnaud's worries will no longer be reasonable, and
Josephus will at that point proclaim to him the glory of
the faith in the words that the angels have taught him.
Until then, Josephus can wait.

THE FREE STATE CFINLAND)

The coming of the Christ-god has not been notkind to
the Norse. In just a few centuries, their fiercely individual-
istic culture has been displaced by Christianity and a
Christian social structure that is a poor reproduction of
western Europe. While local democracy persists even as the


Wuat Is Josepnus'' Story?

In gameterms, Josephus has the 5-poitit Merit
Miracles of the Faith, and the 5-point Flaw Scourged By
God, both from Cainite Heresy. You don't need to
own Cainite Heresy to use him, because the joint
effect of these Traits taken togetheris pretty clearly
depicted in Josephus' description. What is causing this
phenomena to happen —be it infernal power, strange
Chimerstrylike effects that Josephus doesn't even
realize he's doing, or a genuine miraculous event — is
up to the Storyteller. Whatever is behind Josephus,
however, it is clearly potent and focused on him.

Josephus in his full glory is a terrible thing to
behold and best reseryed for chronicles where horrors
ofthe faith are manifest.In the same way.that the most
twisted of Tzimisce fiends can ruin a story about
personal struggle, so Josephus can ruin a more visceral
tale. Use your best judgment as to whether he is
appropriate for your troupe or not (and feel free to tone
himdown if you like—there could just bea Malkavian
or Ravnos thrall "behind the curtain" after all).

population is gradually reduced to serfdom and peasantry,
the days of the Petty King and the war band are long past

But these days are not necessarily past for the land's
Cainite inhabitants. Most of the einherjar (as Norse

vampires call themselves) believed as fervently as any of
the poor bastards who went toe-to-toe with Christian
warriors to prove the strength of their faith. And most of

them learned, just as the heroes who supported the old
ways did, that the Christians (and their Cainite support-
ets) kept on coming.

Some died fighting the Christians, some converted
and some gave up and slipped into the dark slumber of
torpor, hoping to awaken in a world where the Christ-
god was forgotten and the old ways remembered.

But some did not. Some tried to preserve the old ways
in their own somewhat unwholesome way. In 1160, after
gathering about them a large number of mortal fanatics,
these einherjar retreated into then-pagan Finland to set up
a utopian state of their own, from whence they would
hopefully oppose or outlive the weak religion of the south.

Inall, there were a dozen Cainites, three times that
many ghouls and several hundred mortals who wished to
cling to the old faith. The band gathered together as
secretly as possible, made a great show of setting of for
Greenland, and then very carefully sank their boats sev-
eral fjords up the coast and set off into the interior on foot.

A year later, after losing several einherjar and ghouls
toLupine attacks, the settlement was relatively stable. It
did some farming, but depended, like the native Lapps,
primarily on reindeer herding. With their support struc-
ture in place, some of the more emotional members of
the community began looking toward striking back
against the followers of the Christ-god, and thus was the
Free State's support of the Furores born.

(For more on the einherjar, see Wolves of the Sea.)

Srrucrur

The Free State isa traditional Norse democracy, more or
less. There isan assembly where all adult males are allowed to
speak. The Cainitesactas the local lords, with their ghouls as
their thegns (the Norse equivalent of liege men), overseeing
the process of debate, gathering taxes and enforcing legal
rulings but otherwise letting the community steer itself.

Ofcourse, given that there isn'tmuch to dootherthan
adjudicate law and gather taxes, the assembly is largely a
debating club for settling disputes over livestock owner-
ship. The Cainites encourage it nevertheless — they
believe it's important to keep the old ways alive while in
exile. While the mortals don't really understand just how
long the wait may be, the Cainites are estimating they may
have to camp out for 300 or 400 years. To this end, they've
been carefully grooming the mortals. Those who become
discouraged or start to lose respect for the old ways are
quietly conditioned with Dominate. They don't believe
they'll need it, but the einherjarhave laid preliminary plans
to condition the entire colony, just in case the culture
begins to wander unduly. After all, if the old ways are to be
preserved, they must remain intact.

Whenever possible, the Cainites feed on reindeer and
animals to reduce the load on their people. Almost all the
einherjar are Gangrel and those who are not have leamed
Protean—asaresult, they are generally only present fornine
months of the year, sleeping in the earth during the brief but
bright northern summer. The einherjar actamong themselves
asa rough democracy and anarchy in the Norse style. So far
there have been none of the lethal duels that are used to
resolve the worse disputes in such a system, but it's always a
possibility. Thisis particularly true ifthe Cainites continue to
support Furores across the Baltic and in Norway.

These support operations require tremendous re-
sources (at least tremendous by the standards of a small
town), and the thing that the Free State can best provide
— free haven — is the thing it can least afford to give. If
the location of the community becomes known among
Furores, the knowledge will ripple quickly outward, first
to Cainites and then to mortal leaders and missionaries.
Then there will be an army, and one more bastion of free
men will flicker out in the tundra. There are some who
would rather lash out, and some who would rather try to
preserve the community, and the two groups, while still
coexisting, may well come to blows soon.

Errik LONGTOoTH, FURORE CRUSADER
10th generation, childe of Kostbera
Clan: Gangrel
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Barbarian
Embrace: 903 CE
Apparent Age: mid 30s

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


Perhaps the most virulent advocate of intervention on
the part of the Furores, Eirik Longtooth is an unliving
legendamong the einherjarof Scandinavia. Embraced while
in outlawry for his opposition to Harald Fairhair's conquest
of Norway, Longtooth killed almost 50 men before and after
his Embrace. As a vargr ("wolf," a wilderness-dwelling
Norse Gangrel), he roamed the entire length and breadth
of Scandinavia, Lupines and fellow Cainites be damned,

Eirik is a hunted creature in Norway, but one with a
deservedly deadly reputation. His open alliance with the
Free State kept it free from open attack, and it was he and
his three progeny who guided them to the eventual site
of the settlement, scouted out and chased in the first
reindeer herds, and generally did everything in their
power to make the settlement prosper.

Now, it is he who is the closest to destroying it.
Longtooth is fervently, irrationally anti-Christian. He sees
Christianity as the apotheosis of the centralizing, control-
ling way oflife that destroyed the traditional, individualistic
Norse world, and hates it even more than he hated Harald
Fairhair for conquering Norway. He and his progeny travel
constantly, sometimes going south to sell their aid to the
pagan voivodes of the Tzimisce, other times scouring Nor-
way from north to south in just a few weeks, destroying any
Cainite unwise enough to cross their path.

Eirik is the great advocate of the Furores, who he sees as
tools in destroying or distracting the southern Lasombra and
Ventrue whom he feels keep his people in bondage. Maybe
theyreally do, or maybe they're justan accessible target—it's
unlikely that even he knows whathe thinks, other than that
he hates them. Regardless, Eirik is constantly pushing for a
greater community involvement against the Christian
Cainites, and sooner or later, he's going to either push the
Free State into a war, or push someone (probably Ulfsdottir)
into killing him in a holmgang (a formal duel).

ASHEN THIEF

KARL THE BLUE,
AARCHITECT OF THE FREE STATE

1th generation, childe of Mustafah ibn-Jubair

Clan: Toreador

Nature Defender

Demeanor: Judge

Embrace: 861 CE

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Karl the Blue was a sagaman, a tale-teller who kept the
old stories of fame and war and feud alive, to educate and to
entertain. He traveled south with Bjém Ironside in search of
riches and adventure, and was Embraced in Egyptian Alex-
andria by a disbelieving Toreador. After a time with his sire,
learning the stories of the Arabs, Karl made his own way
home and began using his now-endless existence to catalog
and gather all the stories of the Norse tradition, long before
the Fleimskringla was a twinkle in Snorri Sturlusson's eye.

With the comingof Christianity, Karl saw the traditions,
the stories, the very culture of his people vanish, as the
followers of the thrice-poxed Christ-god suppressed stories
the told thestoriesofthe gods or that they believe taught "un-
Christian virtues." He was at first a great advocate of the old
wayand convinced men to fight the Christian tide, but Karl's
spirit broke with the burning of the Norse bastion of Uppsala
and the disappearance of the All-High, the progenitor of the
vagr. He cast about for some way to save his culture from the
encroaching tide of forgetfulness, and came up with the idea
of the "time capsule" of the Free State.

In many ways, Karl is the heart of the Free State. He
originated the idea, and he was the one daring enough to track
down Eirik Longtooth in his outlawry and ask him in on the
adventure. Karl is also the prime motivator behind the forced
conditioningofthe Free State'sinhabitants. HeandLongtooth
have struck an uneasy alliance —Longtooth will not object to


the conditioning, if the sagaman will allow Eirik and his
progeny toraidwhereandwhen theyplease. WhileKarl refuses
toconsent to involving the community directly, he is willing
to give the most famous and deadly of the vargr free reign if
that's what it takes to protect his culture from Christianity.

CILFSpoTTIR, CHOOSER OF THE SLAIN

5th generation, childe of the All-High

Clan: Gangrel

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Loner

Embrace: 808 CE

Apparent Age: late 20s

Unfsdottir is the most mysterious of the major voices in
the Free State. She appeared in the camp just prior to its
departure. Obviously a former walkurie, she would not
discus her past, or where she had been since the fall of the
Uppsala temple. She simply asked permission to accom-
pany the community on its way, and offered her services as
awarrior in exchange. Karl, in awe of the All-High and his
wallurie progeny, accepted the beautiful Gangrel's offer.

Ulfsdottir is a direct offspring of the All-High, and
as such, she has some remarkably potent blood in her
veins. Though she is relatively young in Cainite terms,
she still has three centuries of constant practice at
warfare and wayfaring under her belt, and she is quite
possibly Eirik Longtooth's superior in combat.

The walkurie attempts to remain silent on most issues.
She is moderately opposed to both the conditioning of the
mortal inhabitants and to Eirik placing the community at
risk to carry out his personal vendetta. In neither case,
however, doesshe feel compelled toact. Whatshe hasmade
her feelings clear on, however, is that there will be not open
violence among the Cainites of the Free State, unless it

happens over her ashes. So far, none of the inhabitants of
the State have pushed her into action, but if Longtooth
keeps pushing for more open involvement, tensions will to
continue mounting until eventually she must take a stand
or stand aside. Ulfsdottir keeps no counsel but her own,
however, and so none know her plans.

FUEL FOR THE PYRES:
STORYTELLING
THE FURORES

A chronicle featuring the Furores — either as the
troupe's characters oras Storyteller characters—need not be
that far removed from a mainstream Vampire: The Dark
Ages yarn. Themes like the loss of Humanity, the quest for
power and glory, the conflict with dark forces and the chaos
slowly tearingthe LongNightasunderare appropriate whether
the players portray budding revolutionaries or lords of the
night. The storytelling advice in the main rulebook (and in
variousother supplements) is very much applicable to tales of
blood and revolt. A bloody revolt is not the same asa war or
campaign of intrigue, however, and this section should help
you prepare for those differences.

NOTES FROM THE
BATTLEMENTS

The prospect and reality of revolt shifts the priorities in
achronicle. The typical Cainite intrigue and factionalism
reaches unprecedented heights as the stakes grow. Once the
pyres start burning, survival becomes the overriding goal.
Ideology fights it out with bloody-handed vengeance. To
properly run such an intense chronicle, you need to keep a
variety of points in mind when planning and running it.

BATTLE?

Furores are violent revolutionaries. That makes it
hard to tell a story about them that is not, at some level,
awar story. Think ahead of time about exactly what sort
of war story it will be. There's a world of difference
between The Sands of Iwo Jima and Saving Private Ryan,
or Go Tell the Spartans and Full Metal Jacket.

Before the first combat, decide if the action will be
heroic or gritty. Do the characters go into sword-swing-
ing toe-to-toe combat with the bad guys, or are the fights
squalid little ally brawls where two Cainites grab a
ghoul's arms and a third vampire guts her with Wolf
Claws? Likewise, how much does the narrative focus on
the realistic effects of violence, and how much of itis just
conflict in the abstract? Are you running a game about a
daring gallows rescue or about the hysterical panic of a
prisoner being dragged out to execution? Do you indulge
in a harrowing description of the slow expiration of
someone the characters mortally wounded and left to

FLAMES OF THE FURORES


die, or is it all stage blood and torso wounds discreetly
concealed from the camera?

Finally, you should decide just how human the
opponents are. Are they sacks of warm oatmeal who rush.
at the characters because it's time for a combat scene, or
do they have at least a rudimentary personality and an
annoying tendency tostick up their hands and beg to live
when seriously outmatched?

The style of combat you choose has a serious affect on
the rest of the chronicle. Cinematic, merrily-lopping-off-
heads battles will make it very difficult to create personal
horror; why should the players care about their characters'
souls if the world is just a stage for them to play upon? On
the other, gritty and visceral combat each and every time
can weigh down a chronicle, making it so morose that
nothing ever gets done. What's the point of taking on the
elders if dealing with a single ghoul isa soul-flaying trauma?

A middle road is probably best, occasionally dipping
to either end of spectrum. Keep the combat fast and
furious when the Beast is raging and the stakes are high,
but inject hints of personality and terror into the scene
when you can. As the characters rampage through the
inn controlled by the prince's sheriff, the mortals scatter;
one man raises a sword and looks ready to fight, but then
darts to pick up his terrified son and get away.

When the dust clears after a battle, you can bring the
gritty reality of the situation home. As the Beast recedes,
the characters hear the whimpers of the wounded and
the cries of the widows. The prince has lost some re-

sources, but these peasants have lost their livelihoods
(and some their lives). Was it all worth it?

IDEOLOGY AND REALITY

Any Furores chronicle should tackle the conflict
between belief and action, ideology and reality. Furores,
and those who fight them, are constantly placed in moral
quandaries. Do they do the thing they believe in, or do
they sacrifice their ethics "just this once" in order to take
the best possible option? This isn't just a problem for the
Furores — a Cainite on the Road of Chivalry is going to
have to face some tough choices when confronted with
the necessity of stopping a Furore terror campaign. Rebels
fight dirty; they can't afford not to. How far willa religious
or chivalrous vampire stoop to meet them on their own,
turf? How far will the rebels themselves go? Blackmail of
the innocent? Threatening mortal families? Forcing the
blood oath on the unwilling? Necessity is the mother of
invention, but she's also an ice-cold mistress. How tightly
will the character embrace her in the name of expediency?

These aren't just questions of battlefield ethics. How
do the rebels and their opponents deal with the fact that
the other side may well believe in what they're doing? Do
they demonize them, and if they do, what happens when
they can no longer pretend their opponent is wholly
monstrous? If they accept their opponentasa fellow being,
how do they justify conflict rather than negotiations, and

ASHEN THIEF

more importantly, how do they answer accusations that
they have compromised the ideals they claim to be fight-
ing for in pursuit of momentary advantage?

IDEALISM, OR Not

The Furores are essentially a movement of optimists
—they believe that by political and military action, they
can builda better system than the one they currently live
in. But their elders beg to differ. As any of them will
explain, the world is a place where might makes right,
where the strong devour the weak and where guilt and
innocence are not nearly so important as power and
alliances. At their heart, most Furore stories are about
this conflict between the need to believe versus the
moral exhaustion engendered by warfare against oppo-
nents, the Beast and the uncaring hazards of existence.

But it isn't a matter of idealistic young heroes versus
the evil old grumps. Many elders (even most) believe
very strongly in what they do. The War of Ages isn't
fought entirely to avoid yawning boredom. Itis a struggle
to advance families, cities, nations and ideals. No war
can be fought without soldiers and no army can march
without discipline. Even a heartless elder with faith only
in his Cainite existence can claim that without the stern
hand of this authority, vampires would quickly draw the
wrath of mortals and bring down a persecution on them-
selves the likes of which they have never seen. Who is
more cynical, the elder who struggles nightly to keep the
wheels of Cainite society in motion, or the Furore who
condemns the elders one and all as morally bereft?

Similarly, the Furores aren't fonts of purity. No one
intelligent enough to write propaganda or speak persua-
sively cannot know that at some level, they're lying
while they do it. Similarly, for all their talk about ethics,
expediency nevertheless always figures (to some degree)
in Furore planning. Are they really that much better
than the elders, or at they just less honest about it?

Motivations

Furores games are about revolutions, and civil insur-
gencies are never pretty. They pit sire against childe,
broodmate against broodmate, paramour against par-
amour. You need to develop a coherent idea, not just of
what the main characters are doing, but of why. Are an
elder's childer sticking by him because they're afraid of
him, because they're afraid of the Furores, because they
think he'll win, because they're thralls, because they love
their sire or their broodmates or because it looks like a
good deal for now? Each motivation generates a totally
different response to a number of common situations. If
the only reason they're present is because the villain
needs some henchmen and their response to seeing
Furores is to shout, "Yaaaaargh! Get 'em!," it's probably
not going to be as compelling a game as it could be.

This goes likewise for the Furores. With rare excep-
tions, Cainites don't just jump on the revolutionary
bandwagon because they're bored. Every Furore is there


for their own reasons. They may be in love with someone,
fulfillingadebt ofhonor, out to get even, outto change the
world or just caught up in the situation because their
friends got involved and now they are too. Even if a
character's motivation is as archetypal as having been
abused by his sire, there are a lot of options. Being used as
afoot soldier in some arcane feud is a different experience
than being forced to exchange blood with your sire in the
name of a love you don't feel until the third sip. Depend-
ing on the sort of person it happened to, either could
engender any number of reactions.

And all this goes for players' characters, too. If
they're playing in something as complex and thorny asa
revolution game, you should make sure that their char-
acters are interesting. It isn't any fun if nobody ever
wonders why they're doing this. During character cre-
ation and the prelude, make sure to examine the reasons
these vampires want to change the system (or fight to
preserve it). Build your stories around their motivations,
challenging them and further drawing them out.

MAKING Ginp TAKING) OFFENSE

Furores games are about politics back in the days
when it was inseparable from religion. Worse than that,
they're about bloody, extremist, revolutionary politics.
It is not unlikely then, that your chronicle will wander
into sensitive territory and offend or disturb a player.

When that point comes, you should know what
you're going to do. How are you going to deal with the
fact that one or more of your players sympathizes more
with the villain than the heroes, and isn't happy about
the fact that their personal beliefs are dressed up in a
snazzy black hat and boots?

Icisstrongly suggested that you discuss ahead of time
(meaning prior to the start of play) what sort of rough
direction the game will be taking. Make sure that the
players know the level of grittiness and cynicism in the
game, and make sure that they all know the general
political thesis, if any. In all honesty, if you think letting
them in on the secret that socialism is evil will spoil the
denouement of the game, just think how much worse it

will be when they tell you to fuck offand walk out at the
climax of the chronicle.

Dealingwithpolitical themesisonething,butastorytelling
game is not a proper venue for attempted conversion.

TERROR

A lot of this chapter has been about terrorism as a
political tool, but it's been talked about in a fairly
abstract way. As a Storyteller, you want to make it real,
and visceral, and as scary as you possibly can.

From the receiving end, a terror campaign is a
delightful combination of random violence against things
you need or love, mixed with carefully calculated, obvi-
ously staged violence against things you really need and
really love. Nothing you care about is safe, it seems, and
there's nowhere the enemy can't strike. And none of it
comes with any warning, unless it's deliberately given
too late for you to be able to do anythin;

All around you, ghouls die, havens burn down and
mortal contacts are dominated into thumb-sucking mo-
rons. The head-cracking stress of the desperate struggle
for clues that will let you seize the initiative mixes with
the constant terror of an assassination attempt that
might come at any second until paranoia becomes a way
of life (or unlife).

From the giving end, it isn't much easier. Terrorist
are typically overworked, outgunned, short on resources
and just as paranoid as their targets, because they know
that priority number one for the targets is turning the
tables and giving back a little bit of what they've so
recently received. Information for the attacks typically
comes from one or two spies or sympathizers who are
putting their heads into the noose to provide you with
targets, and desperately attempting to make sure that they
aren't caught or the target of some sort of misinformation
campaign deigned to make them reveal their identities.

In short, terrorism is terrifying, and living in an
environment where you are trying to dish it out or avoid
receiving it is possibly one of the most stressful, least
enjoyable existences possible. It's not easy to bring off, but
if you do it properly, you can tell some excellent stories.



"Mavericis |
and Cutpurses }

Hf you give mie sit lines vocittenby
the most honest man, 2 voill find
something in them to hang him

- Cardinal Richelieu


g ma—~5 de
SS O-S

Quote: Better to reign in hell...

History: You had a bright mortal career ahead of you. You'd done your time asa squire in the ducal household; you'd been
knighted; you'd even leamed to write and figure well enough to prove that your father's reeve had been cheating him for 12
years. You were finally ready to start life as a true nobleman, and then the widowed lady of Montenegro changed everything.

ed you to consider, your passion
howed it, orpethapsshe simply

Purely because she was nothing like the simpering towheads whom your father pre
forherblazedhigher than any other you'd known. Perhapshersdidas well, though sheneve
knew a trusty servant when she saw one. At any rate, she Embraced you into Clan
Lasombra. You loved her too much to quail at the prospect of damnation.

You belonged to a clan of rulers now, she said, and she promised that in time —
when she tired of reigning from the dark alcove behind the duke's throne — she'd ¥
retire to the conventand you'd take her place. Years went by, then decades. You were
given asmall manor house and a dirty little village to oversee, but that wasall.

You were hardly the only Cainite in town to resent the lady's iron rule,
butas her first-chosen childe, you were the only one with any right to expect fly
more from her. As love gradually curdled into bitter envy, you resolved to
penetrate her defenses from undemeath, the one angle of attack she would
never expect from a fellow Magister and noble.

You started off with a protection racket against the beggars. A few
ghoul spies and several mysterious murders were enough to convince
most to pay up. You then used that notoriety to acquaint yourself with,
the cutpurses and highwaymen who dropped in occasionally. Through
them, you managed to get your thumb over a few corrupt officials —
just a few, and not very important ones, but enough to keep you
informed of what really goes on in the city. Every new acquisition,
however small, is a resource at your disposal

Concept: You lead a double unlife: Smiling as you dutifully report
onall your trifling assignments in court, then sneaking over the walls
and into the city to consort with your ever-growing network of spies.
You watch, wait and slowly send out your tendrils, groping toward
the eventual discovery of your sire's haven and the method by which
it may be overtaken. There's no hurry; evidently, you and your
career aren't going anywhere anyway if the lady has anything to do
with it. Besides, she's the most subtle creature you've ever known.
If you hope to defeat her, your plan must be foolproof.

Roleplaying Hints: The rabble who pay tribute to you as
their terrible and somehow all-knowing "Beggar-King" are, of
course, useless except as a possible distraction when you make
your final move. Still, you take a certain pleasure in their
fawning adoration. Guard your operations jealously, and let
no vampire stumble onto the secret of your little sub-
kingdom without obtaining equal blackmail orprestation fj
to protect yourself. Do everything by proxy. No doubt
the lady would laugh to hear of your slumming, but the
laughter would quickly end if she realized how close
you are to uncovering her own network of puppets.

Equipment: Sword, mail, court clothing,
shabby clothing
ASHEN THIEF

NAME:
PLAYER:
CHRONICLE:

Nature: Autocrat
DEMEANOR: Rogue
CLAN: Lasombra

GENERATION: 1th
HAVEN:
ConceEPT! Beggar-King

ATTRIBUTES

Puy
Strength___
Dexterity.
Stamina.

@000000

Soci

Manipulation.

MEN

e Te) OOOO Charisma. @e@000000 Perception
@000000 Intelligence.
@00000 Appearance_e@OO00000 Wits____@#ee00000

ABILITIES

TALENTS
Acting. @000000
Alertness___O 0000000
Athletics___@ @0 0OO0O000
Brawl__®0000000
Dodge. OO0OO0O00000
Empathy. 00000000
Intimidation_@ ®OO0000
Larceny. @0000000
Leadership 000000
Subterfuge_—_e @ ®OO0000

SKILLS
Animal Ken-O0O0O00000
Achery___0 O00 00000
Crafts___0 0000000
Etiquette___@@@®O0OO0OO
Herbalism__O 00 00 000
Melee____@@®®00000
Music. OO0000000
Rida____@®ee00000
Stealth @0000000
Survival___0 0000000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics, @0000000
Hearth Wisdom.0 0000000

Law. OOOOOOON X

Linguistics. OO0O000000
Medicine____0 00 00000
Occult____0 0000000
Politics_____@® @000000
Science. OO0O000000
Seneschal. @®0000000

ADVANTAGES

DISCIPLINES

ominate _@e@000000 Allics —®0000000 Conscience
Obtencbratine0000000 Contacts _e@e®00000
Potence _@0000000 Influence © ®000000 Self-Control

BACKGROUNDS

"VIRTUES
@@000

ee0ee0

_ 00000000 Mentor _e0000000

——_—___ 90000000

OO0000000

Courage.

=OTHER TRAITS

ROAD

HEALTH

Resources @@®O000000

Srarus @@000000
OO0000000

—___ 90000000
CO OO00000
90000000
90000000
O0000000
2 SOOO 00000
90000000
= 3900000000
90000000

Chivalry
eoeeee0000
WILLPOWER

@oe02e000
OO

ee
Oo

=== B100p P

Bruised
Hurt

Injured -l
Wounded = 2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

-l

‘WEAKNESS ==


Quote: Conduct our guests to their... rooms down below. If my grandsire is so solicitous as to inquire after my well-being,
the least I can do is entertain those she sends to me.

History: You were born to the Obertus revenant family and stood out even in childhood as a candidate for the
Embrace. For one thing, you already spoke to the spirits of earth, wood, bone and water; or rather, they spoke to you
and you didn't know any better than to answer.

You were apprenticed to a noted koldien; when she felt you had learned all
a mortal could, she gifted you with the "dead water" — the Embrace. That
silenced the spirits, for a little while, although they came back soon enough in
amuch worse temper. Your sire was also an ardent Metamorphosist, and taught
you to see yourself as.a nascent dark god whose highest duty was to pursue self-
cultivation. You advanced rapidly in your studies. You subdued anyone
who dared mutter against you, man or spitit, swiftly and mercilessly.

Unfortunately, those same skillsmade you the perfectchoice toleadher
troops against a Tremere incursion. The fight was bloody and demoralizing
— you lost most of your men, and you were horribly wounded by enemy
balefire yourself — but you won. The Usurpers fled into the night. You
returned home for your reward; but instead of praising you before all the

brood, yoursire called youacoward, spitting on the floorbefore you, and
had you taken to her chambers to answer for your failure to pursue _
A
aN
~

Privileged and pampered as you had been till that moment,
you could not comprehend her reaction. Had you truly been
expected to sacrifice your precious immortality, your progress (i
along the sacred path, merely to kill a few more worthless

(LUsupermacson? Yousuvived herrass, buewerechangedand JEAN
blasted by the knowledge ofher hypocrisy. The next time the
Tremere came, you suppressed your protesting, blood-mad-
dened emotions forjust long enough to provide them =)

t

the wizards all the way back to their miserable chantry.

opening. As your sire died shrieking, you whipped you
horse into bloody foam and rode away, finally free toseek
the revelations you'd been promised for so long.

Concept: You've spent most of yourexistence (4
under the blood oath, and though you were taught
the divinity ofthe vampire (orat least the Tzimisce) /
as a philosophical principle, only now do you (ak
explore that principle to its fullest. You belong to
the Furores for supremely selfish reasons: Youknow
that your eternal essence is not yet purified enough
for you to face the wrath of your elders alone.

Roleplaying Hints: You are an arrogant liege at
heart, and have little patience for fine talk of eternal
brotherhood. Meritocracy is your vision for Cainite
society, and of course you have firm opinions about
Hf) who possesses merit and who doesn't.

Equipment: Several chests stuffed with
old books and scrolls, various fetishes and
animal bones, vials of opium

ASHEN THIEF


NAME: Narare: Tyrant GENERATION: 72th
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Celebrant HAVEN:
CHRONICLE: CLAN: Tzimisce ConcEeT: Furore Fiend

ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SoclAL MENTAL

Strength. @@000000 Charisma @@e@e@00000 Perception__@e@e@O00000

Dexterity___@@@®O00000 Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence_e@@00000

Stamina___@®0000000 Appearance_e@@®O0O0000 Wits____ee000000

= ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Acting 00000000 Animal Ken-e0000000 Academics @@e@00000
Alertness, @0000000 Achery- OO0000000 Hearth Wisdom-e @000000
Athletics OO0000000 Crafts Baty) 0000000 Investigation__@ @0 00000
Brawl OO000000O Etiquette__O0000000 Law——___0 0000000
Dodge @@000000 Herbalism__@ 0000000 Linguistics @0000000
Empathy___O 0000000 Melee. @@000000 Medicine___@# 0 000000
Intimidation_@@®OOO000 Music. O00000000 Occult____@@@®00000
Larceny. 00000000 Ride___®#0000000 Politics____0 0000000
Leadership__@@OOO0O0O0 Stealth 00000000 Science____®0000000
Subterfuge__@ 0000000 Survival__@®0000000 Seneschal 00000000

ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Animalism__@0000000 Contacts __@®000000 (Conviction eeeco

@e@000000 heard __ e0000000 Sela y
i 0000000 Resources @€0000000 Instinct @0000
Vicissitude @ OOO 0000 Retainers eO0000000
00000000 _______00000000 Courage____@@@0 0

——= OTHER TRAITS Road HEALTH
00000000 Beast Bruised

00000000 iat Ei
00000000 eecoee eooo injured 4

00000000 ___yw, : Wounded 2
00000000 WILLBOWER Mauled 2
O0O000000 eeeee@ee000 Crippled "5

00000000 Incapacitated
O0000000 Be :

= WEAKNESS
00000000 ———Broop Poor——= Pie

00000000
oooooooo DHO0OOO

00000000 oOo
MAVERICKS HND CUTPURSES


Tne hicnaayMan

Quote: Yourobawagon fulloftithes for Rome, and thisisall you find? Come now, Sigurd —youknow better than to tr that game...

History: You were a wanderer long before you became a Gangrel. Born to a lowly tenant farmer, you attracted
your lord's attention by dint of your great size and strength. After distinguishing yourself in several local skirmishes,
you left home and began travelling throughout the country, offering your services. Your cool head and firm courage
kept many a shield-wall tight that might otherwise have crumbled under the cavalry charge.

When the Second Crusade was levied, you eagerly set out for the Holy Land, filled with glorious visions of the

honor you'd win and the rich loot you'd bring back. Unfortunately, the Christian forces were rather unceremoniously
routed, and as you lay dying on the field, having stood your ground in vain, you silently cursed the Pope and emperor
both for sending you on this fool's errand.
Your sire-to-be had come upon the battlefield the previous night and stayed on to see the outcome; that evening,
he found you breathing your last at the center of a wide circle of corpses. Stirred by your
ardor for battle — and not tealizing that it had just been extinguished forever —he
dragged you back from death into unlife. You accompanied him on the last leg of his
pilgtimage, then followed him back West, where he was promptly de-
stroyed by a longtime Patrician rival.

You escaped, and now you lurk in the woods on the edge
of the Ventrue's estates, head of a band of robbers. Your
sire died without mortal issue; as far as you're concerned,
that makes youheir to everything he owned —namely,
a locked chest full of Saracen gems. You certainly

mean torevenge yourselfon the one who robbed and
murdered him. In the meantime, you console your-
self by harassing your enemy with banditry.

Concept: You enjoy what youdo. Infact, you've

wondered for some time now whether ruling from

"s castle could really be pleasanter than

the Ventrue's
dwellingin thedeep woods. You take greatpainsnot
to let your enemy know you're still in the area.
Whenever youjoin oneof your raiding parties, you
let some other man pose as leader. You also
conceal your identity witha cloth tied over your
face from the nose down, and require the other
banditstodo thesame. Your ill-gotten gains go
not only to entertaining the men, but also to
aiding certain Cainites and mortals whom you
expect to become valuable allies in time. Alas
for the local peasantry, you're not much of a
Robin-Hood type. You always took care of
yourself — let other men do the same.

Roleplaying Hints: You comport your-
selfwith the cheerful irony ofan old mercenary
who's seen and done it all. The spirit of the
wild wood is exerting its pull on your Gangrel
soul, however, and you suspect that one night
it will claim you completely.

Equipment: Well-nicked sword, staff,
dark clothing, courser, hawk, treasure chest


NAME:
PLAYER:
CHRONICLE:

NATURE! Survivor
DEMEANOR: Survivor
CLAN: Gangrel

GENERATION: nth
HAVEN:
CONCEPT? highwayman

PHYSICAL
@00e@0000
000000
e@0000

Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina___

ATTRIBUTES
SoclaL
Charisma.
Manipulation,
Appearance.

@0000000 Perception__
@000000 Intelligence__
e000000 Wits____.

MENTAL
@@000000
@000000
000000

AABILITIES

TALENTS
Acting. 00000000
Alertness___@ ®@®O0O0000
Athletics, 00000000
Brawl, @@e@00000
Dodge @0000000
Empathy, @0000000
Intimidation, @00000
Larceny, @000000
Leadership__@@® 000000
Subterfuge__O0 OO 00000

SKILLS
Animal Ken_@@®®O0OO0O0O0
Achery. @0000000
Crafts, OO0000000
Etiquette__OOO0O0O0000
Herbalism__O OO OOO000
Melee. @@e@00000
Music. o000000
Ride. @000000
@000000

Stealth,
Survival. O00000

KNOWLEDGES
Academics. 00000000
Hearth Wisdom_@ @O 00000
Investigation__
Law. @o0000000
Linguistics, @o0000000
Medicine___O OO0O00000
Occult OO0000000
Politics, OO0000000

OO0000000

Science
Seneschal. OO0O000000

FAADVANTAGES

DISCIPLINES
Animalism_e@000000

00000000
00000000

BACKGROUNDS
@0000000 Conscience.

fortitude e0000000 Generation e0000000

Protean _@0000000 Resources @®000000 Self-Control,

Alli

"VIRTUES
@@000

@0e00

00000000

O0000000

Courage

== OTHER TRAITS

Roap

HEALTH

Oo0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
O0000000
O0000000
00000000
00000000
00000000
O0000000
O0000000

lumanity
@ee3@a@ae00000
=== WILLPOWER

@eeeee00000

Oo

== Boop

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

=== WEAKNESS

e0000000

The DRoMEThEAD
CaRohnip

Quote: Remember, when the time comes: Our Lord said the meek shall inherit the Earth as well as the heavenly kingdom
You didn't really intend to rebel, not at first. Circumstances nudged you into it. You were a young lass
on the eve of your Embrace, the child of a poor couple who'd fled war in one city only to
find even greater hardships in the next. Slipping in and out of the crowds on market-
days, you never failed to make off with a at purse or a bag of spices or produce. Your sire
had been watching you for months, entranced not only by your dove-gray eyes but also
by the consummate grace with which you exercised your profession. It was art of a sort,
he declared, and marked you for immortality
Well and good, but the other Artisans didn't see it that way. They mocked you
for your rude manners, your foreign accent, your permanent scrawniness. After a
while, your sire recovered from the disgrace enough to be permitted to make
another, more palatable childe. All too soon, even he could no longer find any
time to spare you. Angry and lonely, you retreated to your old haunts, the
alleyways and churchyards. Your skills were better appreciated among the
mortals there, although they still teased you about your size.
Within a few years, you were the mastermind of a highly successful
burglary ring, In a moment of glory, your gang managed to break into the
archbishop's treasury, and that was when the Prometheans noticed and
approached you. Had you perhaps gotten into his library as well, they
asked? No, you hadn's; what use could a bunch of books be to you? They
laughed, and then offered to teach youtoreadso that youcould findout,
Concept: Like many Cainites, you've come a long way from
unpromising beginnings. However, your waifish looks and rough
behavior keep you from making real political headway. The
Prometheans, however, respect both your skills and the Artisan
pride you take in them. Moreover, they freely share their
knowledge and wisdom, as well as their dream of a world
where the iniquities of both mortal and vampire worlds are
righted. You would gladly die to bring that new world about.
Roleplaying Hints: You're a little unsure of yourself still,
caughtbetween the unwelcome brat youwere and the wise, fearless
leader you aspire to be. Sometimes you go a bit too far trying to
impress others with your new leaning, but you really are quick to
grasp things —and quick tobecome impassionedabout them.
a Promethean, your ethics compel you to take blood only from
those who give permission or those who deserve it; the latter
category, fortunately, includes just about any mortal with high
status in society, or those who work for such. When on the
prowl, spying or robbing for your new compatriots, you are a
vision of sly fluidity, a true master of your profession.
Equipment: Daggers, rope, crowbar, bribe money,
dark clothing, well-thumbed and thoroughly glossed
Latin classics


Nature: Rebel

i DEMEANOR: Defender HAVEN:
CHRONICLE: CLAN: Toreador CoNncEPT! Promethean Urchin
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SociaL MENTAL

Strength___ 000000 Charisma @e@000000 Perception__@@®000000
Dexterity___ @@ @@® @000 Manipulation. @OOO00000 Intelligence_e@OOO0000
Stamina____@@@®0OO0O0O Appearance_@@@O0000 Wits____eeee0000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting. @0000000 Animal Ken_OOO000000 Academics. e@e@000000

Alertness. @e@000000 Achery. 00000000 Hearth Wisdom.@ 0000000
Athletics. @0000000 Caafts(Capenm)@ OO00000 Investigation __0O 0000000
Brawl. @0000000 Etiquete__O0000000 Law_____®0000000
Dodge. @@000000 Herbalism__0 0000000 Linguistics @0000000
Empathy. OOO0O00OOO Melee @00000 Medicine. OO0O000000
Intimidation_OOOO0O0000 Music 00000000 Occult, OO0000000
Larceny. @3@eee0000 Ride. 00000000 Politics. 00000000
Leadership__@@000000 Stealth. @0000 Science. OO0000000
Subterfuge__@ OO00000 Survival___@ ®000000 Seneschal. 00000000

ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Auspex__e@@ 000000 Contacts _@@®00000 Gprccience
Celerity _e0000000 Influence e0000000 a Aa
Presence @0000000 Mentor _®0000000 Self-Control
00000000 Resources @@®00000
00000000 Retainers @@®00000 Courage

Roap HEALTH

——OrtTner TRAITS

operons ——__ humanity ____ Bruised

000 Hi -l

eeeeeee000 oe

ppoueeas Injured 1
pata 7 Wounded 2

00000000 WIEGEOWER Mauled 2

00000000 e@aeee@e#e0000 Crippled 5 O

00000000 ono00 Incapacitated

00000000 Ww

00000000 .——_paes poor EAKNESS

00000000

ooo00000 OU

00000000 Oo

TES agp MAVERICKS HND CUTPURSES


t sis ANU CC I IR ATS

Stolen blood, stolen coin and stolen lives, the childer of Caine know | | .
| all three. Beyond the courts of princes and voivodes, vampires earn |j)*
| their bloody way in the city streets and bandit warrens. Murder, |
larceny and trickery are their tools — often used against the very |

elders who consider them beneath notice.

t r RE VC LI I :

The Ashen Thief is a complete auld for players and Storytellers of,
the unliving tricksters, bandits and thieves of Vampire:
The Dark Ages*. It covers vampiric involvement in
banditry and in the growing panoply of crimes in
medieval cities. It also covers the sects that
use crime and larceny as a cover for their

struggle against the princes of the Long | u/
Nghe

© Details on crimes grandiose and
petty, and the vampiric involvement
therein;

¢ A survey of medieval law, bot
mortal and Cainite;

© Information on the subtle
Prometheans and the violent (|
Furores, revolutionaries of the Longyi
Natt:

i,
