# File: Thousand Whispers.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

Ma "iis di ev

ASAMOKAGE


; D CUTS.


if 7 a

fos
the time you read this, I will be gone.
is as it must be.

Tam sorry, but you asked too many
questions that should not have been
& asked. Now that you have the answers,
y you know why I must leave.

as a!


QD



ight I
would never see you again!

S
i)
=
+
H
o
ca
Ss
ne
°
ed


ae ~ x

(T know that my ) a ud NX And I could not bear
a benving hurt you, ab \ \ to leave you in pain.




Counmisss Masks Upon a Sjngie Face
By Steve Kenson ae


2 © Thovsann Wijserrs

Author: Stevé\Kenson Ljve-Actjon ApartaTjons
Mind's Eye Theatre Adaptations: Bruce»Baugh, Peter ) FoR Laws or THe Easr
Woodworth

Like previous Dharma Books, this book contains

Developer: Philippe R. Boulle sidebatsiito,let you integrate the material herein with

Mind's Eye Theatre Developer: Cynthia Summers ff) Laws of the East, the Mind's Eye Theatre supplement

Editor: John Chambers for the Middle Kingdom. Whether you use dice or rock-

Art Director: Richard Thomas papet-scissors, you'll find all you need to portray follow-

Layout,Typesetting & Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles ets of the Path of a Thousand Whispers in these pages:

Interior Art: Brian LeBlanc, Charles Rouse, Melissa Uran Look for the live action sidebar at the end of the

Front Cover Art: Melissa Uran "Wearing the Mask" chapter. Remember that the Story-
teller has the final say as to which systems are available
in her game.

735 PARK NORTH BLID.
b Sue 128

CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Alll rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the publisher is
expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be reproduced for personal use
only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and
Aberrant are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the
Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Huntér the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the
Great War, Trinity, Dharma Book Thousand Whispers}Dharma Book Bone Flowers, Dharma Book Devil-Tigers, Kindredof the
East, Kindred of the East Companion, Laws of the East, Shadow War and The Thousand Hells are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, placesand text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company,or product in these. pages is not a challenge to the trademark or copyright
concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are fiction and
intended for entertainment purposes only. Readendiseretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED IN‘THE UNITED STATES.

ConrTENTS

Manga: & Thousanp Curs

Leaving No Trace (Overview)

Kung THE BuppHa (The Broken Masx_Tecnjque)
Tue Evprjness jusjpe (Trapjtons & Tenets)
Beconjng Nosopy (Organjzarjon)

Wearyng THe Masx (Ruurs & Apvice)

Lice Winn ann Warer (Tenpiates)

Appenpjx: Auspjcjous Wise CENT}PEDES

16
26

68
80


CRAVING
MO TRALE

When you do something,
‘youshould burn yourself completely,
like a good bonfire, 3
leaving no trace of yourself.

— Shunryu Suzuki

LetTers FROM THE Deap

It is common for Rootless Trees to write letters to the
people they have knownin alparticular life before bringing
that life to an endand moving on. These writings help the
Kuei-jin to understand the lessons that existence has
taught them: "By explainingstheir way, they come to
understand it more fully.

The following text, which continues in subsequent
chapters, is:one such ritual letter.

~ Dearest Michiko, '

As I put pen to paper to write of this life, I realize there is
somuich totell. The thoughts andmemories hammer at the gates
of my mind, crowding to rush onto the paper. Like a general,
Tmust marshal and control them, setting thenvinto orderly rows
to. await their time in turn. There wassomuch to say, and there
is so litele time lefe.

The first thatis clear tome —standing apart from everything
else —is that I love-yout. I hope it will carry me through everything
else I must say. You have taught me about love, and I hope I have
shown it to you in equal measure. That makes following my path
all the more difficult and all. the more important:

Tam not the man you believed me to be. More accurately ,
I qwas that man, but I will not be for much longer. Jotaro was
your love, and I will kill him. Some might say Jotaro was
~ nothing more than a mask I wore: They do not understand
because they were notJotaro. I was. I was Jotaro in every way
that'mattered. I lived his life; wore his skin and loved and hated
with his heart. Now he is dead.

That is the Dharma we my ind We are the Kuen,
reborn by taking the Second Breath. I follow, the'Path of a
Thousand Whispers. While most of my kind are reborn only ©
once from the Thousand Hells of Yomi, followers of my path,
are reborn over and over agains Wellive a thousarid ives befor
reaching the slopes of the mountain of en tenment — a long
climb on the Road Back. We learn of many lives,
and the most important of these is As of life.

Itjs the hardest lesson of all, my love. Even now, T struggle in.
my heart to accept it. Jotaro's life, your life aby i isonlyan
illusion. We are born, we live, hd ict Piya rics Slag i
and retuming to nothing, existing in and between nothingness
knowing this, in letting go, we are made free | and we break the
chains that bind us to existence. My teachers toldmethis, and they
toldme it would bedifficult t let go of my lives, asdifficult as it was
toletgo of my very first life, to fallmto death. Wedie over and over
until we no longer fear death, until all the masks are Stripped away.

Others donot understand us. Tam sure now yoware saying
you do not ‘understand, and it is difficult for me to explain.
Other Kuei-jin think we are mad for our beliefs, for choosing to
die a thousand different times, discarding everything we have
gained in each life before moving on. They look at our actions
and shake their heads in confusion but only because they have
not walked our path. They have not seen through other evies,,
and so, they cannot understand. F Pe

They call us Rootless. Trees shel is what we are. Not
rootless because welack grounding, butrootless beeause we are


not.bound' by the past, not ensnared by our lives. We grow
upward, always reaching toward Heaven, giving no more
thought to what was than a tree gives to the soil.

And we do not leave everything of our lives behind. We take
the lessons each life gives us and leave the rest behind, separating
the high from the low. The others, they sway so far inone direction
or another they cannot see any other way. We stand at the center.
Our branches reach out to east and west, north and south, but our
trunk always stands tall, in balance between all things. 3

We may do things that seem extreme, like how Ihave treated
‘you, buralways, we retum tothe quiet and stillness of the center,
the Still Earth Flowing. Others become tangled in the roots of
their way, as they slowly dig deeper and deeper into the earth,
tying them down and hardening their minds, their hearts, and
their spirits. We pull up our roots and continue following the
road, always moving forward, always returning to balance.

Thatis where I must go now, Jotaro's love. Through death,
Tretum to balance; the state of peace denied me in my first death.
From that place of peace, I will choose my next life and follow it
to its end. I thank you for the lessons you have taught me, and I

honor your place under Heaven. I will say a prayer for your spirit.
these

to carry it on its way as I continue alongmine. When Ltqueh
papers to the flame, it will turn them to ash, likeJotaro's life, and
the smoke will carry your spirit to Heaven.

Farewell.

Taxe Up THe Masr.

They live a thousand lives, moving through the: world

like shadows, only to die and rise again to repeat the cycle.
The Kuei-jin following the Path of a Thousand Whispers.

are the most mysterious and inscrutable of their kind.

Many Kuei-jin call them mad and treacherous and say it _

is impossible to know what one of the Rootless Trees will
do from-one moment to the next.

The followers of the Whispering Way know the truth.
While other paths describe themselves with sutras,and
koans, the Rootless Trees have seen the emptiness within.
and embraced it. Their lives, their riddles, their words are
all nothing more than masks worn to cover the Void. The
Rootless Trees use the technique of the Broken Mask to
slowly strip away these things, to become aware of the
emptiness, embrace it and finally become one with it. In
this way, they achieve enlightenment.

OL Lives, Broxen Mass
The Broken Mask Technique is at the heart of the Path

ofa Thousand Whispers. [tis the art of adopting new mortal

lives following the Second Breath, living among mortals as

one of them: The lives ofa Rootless Tree ate ideallyas many

and varied as possible. Whispers often adopt multiple lives
atonce, living them as fully as possible and learning all the
lessons life has to teach them. Where many Kuei-jin hold
themselves aloof from mortals, seeing them as only pawns
or prey, the Rootless Trees plunge into the sea of humanity
like pearl divers, rising only occasionally for breath, with
pearls of wisdom clutched in their hands. |

~ Thousano Wayspers

. More important than the ability to adopt the many
livescalled for by their pathis the ability to end those lives ~
graceful - The Broken Mask teaches Kuei-jin detachment
and the ability to face death without fear, seeing it as an ally
and teacher instead, A Rootless Tree must live each life to
the fullest, then bring it to.an end. Inso doing, the vampire
gives up everything she gained in that life save for her
memories and experience. She sacrifices friends, family,
possessions andall other ties on the altar of enlightenment.
Only by learning to break such'ties can the Rootless Trees
achieve wisdom and true understanding.

This causes some concern for other Kuei-jin, since it
makes the Whispers not only unpredictable, but even dan-
gerous if they decide the ties they must ctit include their wu
orcourt. Fortunately, Whispers begin their journey with their
mortal masks, maintaining their immortal existence among
Kuei-jin as-a kind of fabric through which to weave the
threads of their other lives. Only when they have achieved a
great deal of wisdom do Whispers see the need to destroy the
fabric as well as the pattern. Thus, the more advanced

followers ofthe Dharmaare also the most feared, because they

are the least predictable. A true master of the Dharma is like
a force of flature, uncaring and unpredictable.

Stu Earth Flowing
The Path of a Thousand Whispers embodies equilib-
rium between the forces of Yin and Yang, Hun and P'o. It

sis aligned with the center direction, between all the

opposing forces that war within the Kuei-jin. Surrounded
omall sides by Dharmas devoted to one aspect of Kuei-jin
nature or another, the Hollow Reeds consider. themselves
responsible for maintaining balance.

Balance for, the Whispers is not cold, emotionless

_ asceticism. That is the way of Yin and the Song of the

Shadow. For the Hollow Reeds, balance allows forcomplete
freedom. They can follow any of the virtues or directions,

but they must always compensate for their actions and

feturn to the center. This balance is often not apparent to
others, even those as long-lived as fellow Kuei-jin. A
Rootless' Tree in one life might be as monstrous as a Devil-
Tiger, then in another life as kind and devoted to virtue as
the most saintly Resplendent Crane. Balance comes over a
period of time, not from counting every single thought and
action like scattered grains of rice.

Still, the Wise Centipede is aware of every action and
its place in the/path. It is all.too easy to mistake the mask
for the truth and fall into imbalance with respect to a
particular virtue. The Path of a Thousand Whispers is
ttered with Kuei-jin who have fallen victim to that
particular trap, unable to see their own imbalance, but
gladly pointing out such failings in others.

_ Where other Kuei-jin fear the imminent aftival of the
Sixth Age, the followers of the Path of a Thousand Whispers
welcome it (merely confirming their madness in the minds of
some). Tothem, the Age of Sorrow isnot the end of the world,


Leaving No Trace

butmerely another ritual death. Theses ‘the changing of the
Ages as similar to their own cycle of many lives. Although
each Age is radically different from the oné before it, itis still
a natural part of the path, a new existence offering its own
unique lessons and wisdom, and not a thing to be feared.
Because of this, the Hollow Reeds are remarkably
~ unperturbed by the signs and omens of the Sixth Age. They
go about their business much as they have for millennia,

ignoring the scurrying and wailing of other Kuei-jin. Al- °

though someaccuse them ofignoring their Heavenly duties
altogether, the Rootless Trees know they are doing just the
opposite, keeping faith with their Dharma no matter the
circumstances. The. Whispers have compromised few of
their tenets and traditional ways out of feelings of urgency.

Some young Reeds have shown atendency to changemasks
more often, a trend quietly frowned upon by their elders,
who stress patience and encourage their students to explore
each lifein'depth. "Taste fully of each dish before moving
on to the next:in the banquet," d

How ro Use Tijs Boor.

The Path of a Thousand Whispers is eee the most
difficult Dharma, both to play and toinclude in aKindred of
the East game. The ways of the Hollow Reeds are complex

and often apparently at odds wich the beliefs and traditions of —

Kuei-jin society. example, does a Rootless Tree
maintain ties with her wu and court over the course of
multiple lives? When do the Whispers choose to move from
one life to another, and what happens to them when they do?

This book provides answers —and guidelines — exam-
ining the Path of a Thousand Whispers in more depth,
looking at the Rootless Trees' relations to others and to
Kuei-jin society in general'and offering advice on playing
and running them, along with additional information on
their unique rites and abilitiesMost of the information in
this book takes the form of writings from a Hollow Reed as
he prepares to end one life and move to the next. While the:
words of thisnameless vampire are largely accurate, they are
colored by a particular point of view (even the Hollow
Reeds can be only so objective). Storytellers should feel free
to modify the ideas behind the words in this book. Like the
followers of the Path of a Thousand Whispers, listen to not
only the words, but also the meaning behind them, and
consider how best to include them in your game.

Killing the Buddha talks about the Broken Mask
Technique, how and i why the Thousand Whispers adopt

their different livesand how they end them,

The Emptiness Inside looks at the history, traditions
and tenets of the Path ofa Thousand ' —how the
Dharma began and what the Hollow]
their path.

Becoming Nobody desctibes the diversity within the
path, along with the Rootless Trees'.relationships with
other Dharmas.and factions of the Middle Kingdom. It
looks at the as concems of the Rootless Trees, and

how they are. dealing with "eh chariges Raping in the

Middle Kingdom and elsewhere in the World of Darkness.
Wearing the Mask contains rules and advice for
playing Thousand Whispers. characters, including new
Merits, Flaws and rites.
Thie book concludes with Like Wind and Water, a
collection of templates, and Auspicious Wise Centi-

pedes, descriptions of some renowned followers of the
Path of a Thousand Whispers.

LExjcon

Over their many lives, the Whispers have built a com-
mon vocabulary. Some of it is shared or adopted by other
Kuei-jin, while other parts of it remain a mystery to them.

Bunraku: "Invisible Puppeteers." The Bunraku are
Rootless Trees of the north direction. They enforce and
maintain balance, usually operating behind the scenes.

Broken Mask, the: The central technique of the Path
of a Thousand Whispets, where a Kuei-jin adopts onellife
after another, learning its lessons, then undergoing a ritual
death before moving on.

Dancing Peacocks: Thousand Whispers of the east
direction. They act to'watch over mortal society and are
strongly drawn to mortal life.

Dark Jade Lover, the: Hollow Reed personification
of death, viewed as the Kuei-jin's ally, teacher and con-
stant companion.

"Exalted Jade Masks: Thousand Whispers of the west

direction. They redress ancient imbalances signaled by

the spirits of the dead and send on ghosts who linger too
long, earning them the nickname "ghost-killers."

Hollow Reed, The: Important sutra of the Path of a
Thousand Whispers, praising the value of moderation and
emptiness. Followers of the Dharma often refer to them
selves as Hollow Reeds.

- Rootless Trees: A name for followers of the Path of
a Thousand Whispers.

Scarlet Centipedes: Thousand Whispers of the south
direction. Associated with rebellion and rabble-rousing
but also skillful warriors.

siddhis: Disciplines. Abilities the enlightened de-
velop as they progress along their path. Some Rootless
Trees consider them more a distraction from the path than
a blessing. :

Still Earth Flowing: A metaphor for the state sought
by the Whispers: solid and firm like the earth, but alsoever
changing, as the earth itself changes.

Void; the: Thenothingness that underlies all things,
which the Whispers seek through the Broken Mask
Technique. *

Wisdom of the Centipede, The: Important sutra of the
Path of a Thousand Whispers, involving observationson the
life ofa centipede andthe lessons they offer follows of the way.

Wise Centipedes: Aname for followers of the Path of
a Thousand Whispers. It both‘honors their teachings and
serves as a warning of their unpredictable behavior.


Ww

KICCING | NE
EKUDDNA

If you meet the Buddha along the road, kill him.

— Buddhist saying

You will never see these words that I write, my love,
but tharmakesthem néless important. | write tomake you
understand, so that | might'understand. And if the smoke
rising from the ashes carries some of what Ihave written
up to Heaven, then so much the better forus.both.

TAKING up THE Masr.

The key to understanding our path is the technique of
the' Broken Mask. When you step onto the Path of a
Thousand Whispers,yowthust put aside your self and learn
to'become something other,.as I have done.

Since taking the Second Breath, we are ageless. In my
meditations, I haye begun tonotice a separation from the

currents of time. How many years has it been since I
clawed my way back up from Hell to reunite with this dead
flesh? I do not know for certain — the years have begun to
pass like smoke on the wind.

An ageless body and spirit are the keys to following
the path, because they allow us to take up the Broken
Mask, to live new lives and learn all they have to offer,
before moving on to other lives and still others after that.
It is our humble emulation of the Wheel of rebirth all
living things enjoy but from which we are forever barred.
A thousand lives make up the path before me, a thousand
lifetimes to walk the Road Back and join with the Hun-
dred Clouds, if 1 am worthy. The road is long, but it is the
journey itself that matters most.

10

Tue First Masks

The creation of new life is not an easy t
dead. I lived my first existence, before the Second Br ¥
with as little thought about what I was doing and wl
any mortal — perhaps even less than most. Truthibetold,
that lack of awareness is one of the reasons that Inwalk
path now. I realize now both the importance and the
ultimate futility of identity. All our lives are masks, t6 be,
worn and later discarded.

My sensei gave me my first masks, as his sensei before
him, and hers before her. From them, I learned how to
weave the pattern of a life. By living it, I learned all the
nuances involved becoming someone else, knowledge
that helped me to create Jotaro and to be him. It is like
being reborn. We Hollow Reeds have a deeper under
standing of life than any others because we must know
how to create life and shape it like an artist's brush
captures the world/on paper.

But we cannot forger that,wevareynolonger of th
world of the living. Although we move among yi
not'of you. While maintaining our mortal identities
becoming part of them»,we must also remain apart fro1

them. Detachmentisa centralpart of the patheAlthough
we feel and see andido many things in our lives, we m
always know that we are empty inside, a vessel w waiting t
be filled. That.is why Jotaro had to die, be
he never would havellived,. MAE is
promise of death?

Maxing Lives

After discarding the first masks given to us by our
teachers}»we create' neW ones on our own. Once our
teachersigive us those fitst'gifts, they move on and give us
nothing more. What moré"€an one ask from a parent, an
elder, than life?

Part of the creationof a new life involves building up
the many small things to which mortals give little or no
thought: a legal identity, a home, a source of history and
legitimacy in the eyes of society. This is more difficult now
than ever. In days past, it was easy for a stranger to establish
a life in a far away place, but now it is necessary to go to
great lengths to create a life. These new challenges keep us
from becoming complacent, and I welcome them.

Influence in the mortal world is one of the reasons we
maintain close ties with the courts of the unliving and use
the mortal agents they call Scarlet Screens. They give us
the means to take up new lives when the time comes. We
even maintain Scarlet Screens specially trained to handle
the mundane details of moving from one life to another,
from paperwork to covering up any minor inconsistenciés,
that might draw the attention of the mortal authofities.

Some point to our involvement witheth® Scarlét ©
Screens and claim we have faltered in our beliefs. They dor

without the sweet

eel mundang anew life, we must
pthe vital spark, the energies that make the life
tuly alive: hépes, fears, loves, hates, desires, goals and all
the other touchstones of the human heart. Without these
precious elements, the life is hollow and meaningless and
can teach us nothing. With them, it becomes a true step
on the path toward enlightenment.

Taxing Ljves

We not only make live: 0 take them, for'such.
‘i8'Sur, karma. My kind takes the Chi we needito;survive
from oth@ts, as I have tak my love. I feel it now,
pulsing al. It becomes a part of
lives, and know/you will be
SCF it! Out knowledge of making
ndithe ways thatare least

can learn

A ae

utting that hay lifelike a
itV'every way. Some believe this

= because it grants a life

and debts. Lam f dbnteh with creating my own lives rather
than taking on the lives of others, and thankfully, my
duties have never required me to do so.

On Living THe Lyre

When I wear the mask of a life, | am that person) with
all my being. But I still strive to remain hollow and empty
inside, to let the experiences of that identity flowintome
like water filling a jug. I must forget it whemthe time comes
to live another life. There is@nlythelife we liverightnow,
only the present moment. There is nothing beyond it, a
Void connecting ourlives| ‘and making them one,
like a strand of pearls on aft

It is not necessary to €
every: other. Each has ‘o jo butinits own way
t ter and lesser
letely as possible. "A
greater life is ana =. its richness, fully formed
identity and experience that isbotn from us, livesatid dies
in its time, likeJOtaro#A lesser life is morelike a true mask,

one we take: up) c.. short oe; — pethaps as little as a


Kiuyng THe Bupna-

BREAKING THE Mask

Our!technigiie is ‘known as the Broken Mask for a
reason, We take up masksiand‘wear them, only to remové
and shattenthem when theyino longerserye us. By taking
Upriew lives, we open ourselve§up todeath again, andithis.
isas it should be, for life has no meaningwithout death as
its ultimate end. Other Kuei-jin fear,evensthe» Little
Death, since it is too great a reminder of their time in
Yomi. We Hollow Reeds make death our friend and our
ally, even our lover —a companion along the Road Back.

When an identity has taught us all thatiit'can, it is
time to end it and move on. To cling to a lifesthat is no
longer useful is dangerous, because it distracts from the
path and leads to imbalance. Many Hollow Reeds have
fallen from the way because they could not leave a tréa-
sured mask behind. Ending a life means embracing death)
to make the choice few of us were given before our Second
Breath, to choose our place and time of dying, to truly feel
and understand its meaning. We know the time has come
when,.a mask has become comfortableandifamiliar} with
ho surprises or, challenges.

ThE jMPORTANCE OF
THe SHapoW Lire

If each life we live.is like a perfect pearl, then.our
unlife is thé pale white thread that connects them into a
necklace orsurpassing beauty. Each life isa step, and unlife
is the road we walk on. Our ageless existence binds all our
lives together and gives‘them meaning. Kuei-jin society
and out Dharma undeflie all the lives we live. We are able
to put aside our masks to walk among. our kind and fulfill
our duties at court, although these things are also masks,
instheir way.

Atefirst, our ties téxother Kuei-jin aré vitalbecause
they represent our learning'and the means"by which we
create new lives. Our wu.and court are part of our invisible,
shadow existence — our truedife in unlife. Imall.our forms,
we aré bound/to the hidden,ociety of the Hungry Dead,
assurely,asthe péarlgare bound to theitthread, Those that
neglect the shadow lifé, focusing solely on their masks,
find.the,way along the Road Back blocked.‘The lives we
weave Can become a'trap forthose unable to cut their ties
and.die anew, as liHave done. It is a difficult thing but a
necessary part of the:path:

Eventually, even the strictures of unlife may become
a subtle trap. True masters oftour path face the time to
sever their.ties with theitwu, their court and even with
Kuei-jiti*sogiety altogethet) They break the thread to
Scatter the pearls of their lives. There are n6 pearls. There
is no thread. There is fo life. But theyare truly wise and
readyforsuch a journey. do not yerfully comptehend the
truth behind their words. Until thattime,|learn the ways

of unlife as carefully asaniy mask, waiting for the time to
kill even death. S


12

Tue Ryruar or a Tudbeghh Cors.

The first step in ending a life is what we call the Ritual .

ofa Thousand Cuts, where we carefully and systematically
sever the ties that bind us to that persona, cutting each tie
with the precision of a surgeon. With each tie wes@Veryt
become lighter and less encumbered, ready to mové'@long
the path and be reborn again. It begins with smallysimple
things. I recall how you noticed Jotaro becoming with-
drawn and losing interest in many of the things important
to him. Selling the swords and art books and other trinkets
he loved. Then leaving his job, putting his affairs in the
material world in order. You thought those things were
indications of depression at first, perhaps contemplation
of suicide, and you were close to the truth. For he — 1 —
was contemplating death.

Then the way his friends were driven away by his
callousness, shis/eold and indifferent attitude toward
them. Only a handful endured those days, including
you, bewildered by his strange behavior, unable to draw
him out and getiatythe root of the problem because
Jovaro was rootless iri'truth. The mysterious illnesses

andraccidents that-struck those who remained, the last ~

cuts that broughtathe attention of the authorities,
turning Jotaro intOa fugitive.

‘You began investigating, so certain of my innocence,
and discovered things you should not have. At the last, 1

was clumsy, | wounding you ith my failure to make aclean
cut. Loped to spare you, Tfailed.to cut the thread
betWweeii us and only pulled you,into my world. The Yama
Kings thought to use you to make me dance to their tune,
grabbing at my. heart,ahd pulling the string like the
puppet*masters theyares

The final tie, waitingt6 be broken. The final cut to be
made. I will seek penanéé'for my failing, my love. In my
next life; I will not hesitaté'to act. It is one of the lessons
youvhave;taught me.

EMBRACING THE Dark jane Lover

But I confess, I long now for the arms of another lover.
I have rested too long in the embrace of life, and now I
must return to the bosom of the Dark Jade Lover who is
death. From her, | will learn to love life again. The cycle
will turn once more, and I will rise up again. As I am only
a humble student, I do not know my mysterious lover as
the true masters do. My rites are only a shadow of what is
tocome, as I learn to give myself completely over into her
kiss, to become nothing, the stillness of void and shadow.
We follow four rites that bring us into her embrace.

Tue Rite or Genmie Repose

First is the Rite of Gentle Repose. In our first,tasks "to ente
after taking the Second Breath, even we fear the Dark Jadel™t
Lover. The memories of our time in Yomi are too, frésh,...

like a wound that has not fully healed. There até Kuei-jin
who followsother paths and never overcome their fear of
the Dark:Lover, but we must.

>

sith

Ad discarding the ch:
identity. This medi es many days, but
a mark of skill and ‘enlightenment to be able to

_complete it Without interruption, without retreating from

the nearness of death, the feeling of stillness and silence.
In this way, we grow comfortable with what we are, the
Hungry Dead.

The Rjve oF THe Earrn's Emprace

The second rite is that of the Earth's Embrace, where
we are actually buried in th
Meditation. Funeral rites often'‘accompany the. entomba"™
ment, specially if we can make arrangements during Our.
previous lives for them. | récallthe first time I undértook
this riteand héweir evoked r ‘ollectiotis of awakening —
from the Second: B my ‘way out of the cold

tain vigils over their resting place;
the Thousand Cuts until their
théysimultaneously slake their
hutiger for @hi and)sever their final ties with their
previous lifé. Others choose to do as I have done and ask
fellow followers of our path to watch over them as they
rest in death's embrace, departing once we begin to stir
toward awakening.

The Ryre oF THe Lyre Deat
Those ready for a deeper cut between personas‘un-
dergo the Rite of the Little Death, where Rootléss Trees #

deliberately seek the Little Death tocbetter honor and.
understand the Dark Jades ou

tisk True Death if they are

assisted my teacher when he

as he sliced open his belly after

composed for the occas 4 Testing on
the fine white paper besi Aine 1 its'touch

on my skin as I<

‘closer to the Dark
d her ways. The
for a time before


@)
heir secrets, but many
soul prisoner. The
adow soul, as the

ghosts who al

and death (s¢

~ those follo
stand).

ng, is said t ‘spoken
, the iron demon centipedes of that I.

e secrets of centipede wisdom from it. .
have attempted to do the same and become food for the
Makade for their presumption.

Still, the wise Hollow Reed does not neglect to visit
the Yang World, since it is a place of restless energy and
insi orces that both create and destroy life.
f the Yang World understand the arts of
ge and disguise and may teach
m worthy.

Fen out the Rite of the True Death. "
destroys the body altogether and brings a

close to the Final Death as is possible witl

perfection; anything less results irrevocable de:

Preparations take months, since one must pl:

element with the greatest of care. The result

harmony and balance, most beautiful to behold. ‘i
When all is in readiness, the Hollow Re m t

ite and accepts the Final Death, u: i REATH

e of Heaven at dawn, although ot

our home. We Wan Kuei are
| ingdom. Once the Dark Jade
the rite, carri 0 We must return to our unlife to take
essful, the Kuei i d continue along the path. Although it
e dept ‘our first return from the spirit worlds

5 n om Hell — the first moment of a

econd Breath and carries with

former of the rite, knows how
ime is without meaning in

Denon

tand ashof the body swirls up and reforms. Dark ver's embrace rouses the power of
rns to the Middle Kingdom, perfect " emon Within. Returning to unlife requires
it, filled with the power of Chi. Facing the Demon's s aid and so invokes the shadow soul, as the
that a Hollow awakened P'o struggles to gain control of the corpse and
raise it up again. Unleashing the Demon like this culti-
vates the P'o and reminds us of our Demon nature.
Newly awakened Wise Centipedes allow the P'o free
reign fora time. This helps to balance the Demon nature,
and the unleashed P'o severs any remaining ties from the
old life that might still remain, with ruthless efficiency and
dark joy, like a cleansing fire. I am pleased to have ended
a to, be Bained in things between us with some measure of grace and bal-
reaten the unwary ance, despite my blundering, my love. It is not a matter I
would have wanted the Demon to resolve.
reflection of the Middle Kuei-jin avoid the awakening of a Hollow Reed from
e other way around). Travels the tomb because of the danger posed by the unleashed
ch us to look beneath the Demon. Even when we guard the resting place of another
ee the truth in their reflection. follower of our Dharma, we withdraw just before they
ie Mirror Lands sometimes offer awaken, so we will not be forced to battle one of our own.
ith th they can also be Mortal guardians are usually not so well informed and
7 p serve as nourishment for the Demon's hunger, pleasure for
Wall most its needs. If no ready food is at hand, we must hunt, and the
‘ofthe Ebon Demon is the greatest hunter.


@) Thousanp Wusseers

Trt Nexr Brearn

Afterallowing the Demon.its freedom, itis necessary
to return to the center. As I said, the Demon is a
Cleansing fixep burning away anyeremaining vestiges of,
the old mask, shattering it with the truth of what wé are:
the TetThousand Demons*But the Demon is only one
part of our nature, and it must exist in harmony with the
others. Soit is necessary to emerge from shadow soul and
take up thebusiness of a new life. This test strengthens
the will and the power‘of the Hun, keeping it in balance
with the P'o. Those Wise Centipedes who cannot con-
trol the Demon are in the end controlled by it. Some fall
from the path, either becoming servants of Yomi as
akuma, or devolving into chiheméi, beasts etttirely over-
come by their Demon nature.

Once we have emerged from death once again, €en-
tered and teplenished, having' learned the lessons our
previousilife hadito,teach us, then are we'ready to take up
afew mask, to.step into.a new life and begin the.cycle
anew? Oficé the,rituals,are complete, the former life is
gone. There is no happiness'and no pain, only its experi-
ence and lessons remain.

I eagerly await that state of grace.


Cy
=



7

FNE EMPTINESS
INAIDE

We shape clay into a pot, but it istheemptiness inside'that

holdSwwhatever we want.
— Tao Te Ching

I have told you of the.Broken Mask. Now I must!
explain the path thattechnique supports, the Path of a
Thousand Whispers. As my senseitold me, I cannot truly
understand what | cannot'teach.

So/teachilishall:

Suapows ON'A Stace:
The Becinnjng oF THE PaTH

Ours is an ancient heritage, born of worlds that rose
and fell long before this one. Long, long ago, my people
were not the fallen souls we are today, but servants,of the
August Personage of Jade, the Celestial Emperor himself.
We were the Wan Xian, the Ten Théusand Immortals,
charged with ordering all things in the Middle Kingdom
and given powers beyond those of mortals. My people were
princes of this world, before they/grew too full of pride and
failed to fulfill-their appointed/tasks.

In falling from grace, the/Wan Xian became the Wan
Kuei, the Ten Thousand Demons, cursed with an insa-
tiable hunger for Chi. Where once we had been gods, my
people now became the very demons they at one time
fought in the name of/Heaven, ripe prey for the tempta-

tions of the Yama Kifigs and their minions. Such was the
Age of Beautiful Sadness.

Everything hasia purpose under Heaven, and the Ebon'
Dragon and the Scarlet Queen left the seeds of hope when
they withdrew from the Middle Kingdom. A Wan Kuei
known as Xue} seeking/solace from his cursed existence,
found these seeds in the most unlikely of places, nurtured
them and helped them to blossom into the Fivefold Way to
enlightenment, the Dharmas we now follow.

Tue Visjon or Xue

Grand Arhat Xue stopped in his wanderings to medi-
tate alongside a river. There he sat for the entire night,
seeking to still his mind in the harmony of the water's flow
and the sounds of the night creatures. He retreated to the
safety of the shadows with the coming of dawn, only to
return to the river each night, for 10 nights, seeking the
inner peace and tranquility that eluded him.

On the 10th night, Xue felt a touch onshis footand
looked down to see a centipede crawling there. Rather
than swatting it away, he calmly observed the insect's
progress, remaining as still and silent as a tree, rooted to
the Earth. The gleaming, black centipede slowly crawled
up along the arhat's foot to his leg and along his leg to his
body. Xue observed how harmoniously it moved, each
segment of its body like a separate thing, but each moving
in accord with the others.

led across : Xue' 5 eyes, they |

were openedandfhe was enlightened. He saw the lesson in }

the centipede,

harmonious whole, it humble made glorious through

the power of attention. He humbly thanked the centipede —
as it crawled away into the reeds along the shore of the —

river before rising and continuing his journey.
Thus was our Dharma born.

Tue First Lives or THE
Seconp Breatu

We Hollow Reeds hold a reputation among Kuei-jin
as fine teachers of chih-mei, those that have newly returned
from Yomi, overcome by the power of the Demon. Part of
this skill comes from our own relationship with our De-
mon nature, as we become almost like chih-mei after
embracing the Dark Jade Lover and must leash and bal-
ance the P'o's power over us. Only the Devil-Tigers equal
my Dharma in reputation for training chih-mei. What they
do with hot irons and sharp blades, the sensei of the
Thousand Whispers do with words and ideas, surely the
superior way of teaching. I hope one day to become worthy
of the title of sensei, this work one mere step on that path.

Irecall my own time as chih-mei, newly risen from the
grave, my soul torn and tortured by the devils of Yomi,
the Demon within me in control, gripping my soul with
iron claws. | was nothing more than a beast, satisfying my
hunger for Chi and my most base instincts. Fortunately,
I was found and captured by the Rising Wind wu and
given into the hands of Sensei Omi-sama for my teaching
and training. I now realize that if Omi-sama had been
unable to teach me, he would have been responsible for
destroying me as unfit to join proper society. He would
have been right to do so.

Bound with chains to restrain my savage strength, I
was kept in Omi-sama's dojo while I vented my rage
against anything that came within my reach. Each day,
Omi-sama came into the dojo and sat calmly ona tatami
mat on the floor, just out of my reach. He spoke in
soothing tones to me, offering words of wisdom. I do not
recall most of what he said, so consumed with rage was I
until my sensei spoke his first koan to me. He held up a
mirror close to my face.

"What is it you see in the mirror?" he asked. I looked
and saw a demon looking back at me. Eyes filled with hate,
rage and most.of all hunger, a beast, a creature from the
depths of Hell.

At that moment, something changed within me. I
found the strength to wrestle with my Demon nature and

= were often difficult ones, since I dic

n Ro
the chains that bound me.

From then! Pe.
At +his feet, I learned the

stand my sensei's reasons for what he required ofme. There.
was labor more difficult than any I'd facedin life, coupled
with meditation, study and more koans to ponder.

I struggled with these the most of all because the
questions Omi-sama posed often seemed to make no sense
at all, nor did my answers satisfy him. I earned no praise or
words of kindness from my sensei, only more tasks, more
discipline. I feared I would prove a disappointment to him,
worse yet, that I would be judged unworthy by the ancestor
of the court and destroyed, my soul cast back into Yomi. I
could not bear the thought of it. I feared it more than
anything else.

The Face jn THE Mjrror

After a year of training at Omi-sama's dojo, I had
learned a great deal. I was strong in body and mind, able to
recite passages from the Blood Sutras and The Wisdom of the
Centipede from memory. I learned to control and balance
my Hun and P'o natures. But still, I could not grasp the real
lessons my master sought to teach. The time when I would
be presented to the court grew near, and I felt I was
unworthy, that I could never pass the ancestors' scrutiny.

My sensei summoned me into his presence again, and
I knelt before him. He produced the small mirror I had,
seen the day I became hin and held it in front of me. ad

"What do you see in the mirror?" he asked again, ashe
had done many times. All ie
ignored, because I had not given the true answeérjithe ~
answer I feared to give. And Omi-sama knew ite .

"J... sensei," I said, feeling the fear riséWithin me and
the Demon with it, thrashing at its q equine"

"What do you see in the' "he repeated calmly.
I looked again and thought of the first time I looked i into,
the mirror, of what I saw there.

"I see a demon, sensei," | said, "a monster."

The master shook his head sadly. The hand holding
the mirror did not waver.

"What do you see in the mirror?" he asked again. I
looked and felt the fear almost overwhelm me. I didn't
understand! I had offered the best answer I could, the only
answer I had left. Then a chill seized my soul, and the
Demon howled within me. I knew what Omi-sama was
telling me.

"I see death, sensei," I said.

"Then prepare yourself," he said and suddenly he was
on his feet. He struck me before I even realized that he'd


The Evprjness Jusive

moved. The‘blow,sent me sprawling, and I scrambled to
get'to my feet/and take a defensive pose, like/I''d been.
taught. But I was fighting the teacher who saught me, who
took the Second Breath before | was.even born, and he
slapped me down again before Icould rise.

"Master, please!" I Said, and he struck again.

"Is that beggingbhear!" Omi-sama shouted at me, his
voice becoming' impossibly.déep. "Do you scream for
mercy like a child or do you fight?"

I felt the Demon thrash within me, and this time, I did
notfight it. [welcomed it because it promised me the strength
to survive, tofight, to win, like it did in the Yomi World, like
it did.when it brought. me back for the Second Breath. I felt
the'Demon's Chi flow into my limbs and I struck back.

"Yes," Omi-sama said to me, horns sprouting from his
headas his body swelled and his skin turned a vivid red, the
color of blood. "Right back! Call up the little Demon
within you, so that may rip out its heart."

I was consumed with anger and hatred for my men<
tor. I believed that he\cared about my fate, but now I
knew I was truly alone. The fite,of the Demon filled my
body, and I charged at him witha shriek torn from the
depths of my soul.

TItmight as well have been a feather for the way
Omi-sama turnedsasidé'myyclumsy attack, sending me

9

spinning to the ground. In an instant, he was.upon me,
his left hand tightening around my throat. I felt' the

sharp claws of his right hand at my chest, ready to tear

out my heart.

"You match your Demon against mine?" Omi-sama
said to me in almost a whisper. "I have Demons in my soul
you cannot imagine, and gods, and heroes, and sages, and
more. Your soul is like mine, like everyone's, large
enough to contain everything that ever was. The Ten
Thousand Things are all in there!" he said, stabbing at
my heatt, and Lfelt a searing pain in my chest. "Ifonly you
make room for them. Look!" A séaled hand thrust the
small ornate mirror infront of me. "Lookinto the mirror!
Look! Whatdo you.see?"

Looked into,the. mirror and, at that. moment, 1
embraced'the Dark, Jade LoyeryThe fear of death I'd
carriedwith mé since the Second Breath melted away, and
I saw, as if forthe first time,LfelttheDemon fade away like
snowomielting in the sun as I was captured by the vision of
what I saw there.

"Nothing," | whispered inawe. "There'snothing. 1am
nothing."

"Yes," Omi-sama said: He had released me from his

gtip and stood above me, The'terrible Demon was gone,
and he looked like the dignified teacher I'd known, but


I knew the Demon.was still there. "Now we begin," was
alkhe'said'as he helped me, back up. Not long thereafter
1 was presented to the uji and became'a trie disciple.
Omi-sama gayé me the mirror asa gift, and I carry it with
me eveniiow.

Tue Ejgurroip Way. or
THE HOLLOW Reep

The Path of a Thousand Whispers rests on eight
perfect tenets, handed down to us from Grand Arhat Xue
and carrying the seeds of his enlightenment. Although
interpretations vary from place to place, these tenets are at
the heart of my Dharma, and all that claim to follow the
path heed them.

' 1
Teners oF THe ParH
or a THousanp Wrjspers
' 1, Live-1,000 lifetimes, each one different from 4
the last.

2, Learn what you can from each life.

3, Change as much as possible between breaths.

4. If you grow too close to something, kill it. It will
ofily hinder you.

5. Turn your back on each life as you leave it.

6. Give when generosity is required; take when
theft is required. 1

7. Pry open the eyes of the sightless, and make the
mute defend their wordless. state. All beings must
confront their choices, so question. them as you pass.

8. When something appears to be out of balance,
correct it. If you cannot, destroy it. |

Tue First Tener:
Tue Long Roap Back

The foundation of the Path of a Thousand Whispers,
and the lesson my sensei taught me long ago, is that we must
make ourselves empty vessels, then fill ourselves again. As
the hollow reed is used to make a flute, so must we use the
emptiness inside us to create beautiful music. Where other
Kuei-jin seek the Road Back through experiencing part of
their unliving nature to the fullest, we seek to balance those
extremes and find wisdom in the mortal life we have left
behind. Our ageless existence gives us the benefit of seeing
life from every angle and every point of view. Why cling so
fervently to one belief throughout the centuries?

This tenet is fulfilled through the Broken Mask Tech-
nique, in which we learn to take on different lives, expe-
tience them to the fullest, then kill them when the time
is right and move on to a new life and new experiences,
taking only the lessons of the old with us. We seek to make
each new maskas different from the one before as possible,
so we can experience everything our existence has to offer.

Thousanp Wassrers

Each mask also contains a lifetime of moments, each one
different from the one before, Overtithieywelome to appre-
ciate the different experiéices it has to offer. Many Hollow
Reeds seek to make "perfect" lives, with none of the mistakes
they made before taking!the,Second Breath. In time, they
learn such perfection is doomedsto,failure .bécause it is
unbalanced. A life with no mistakesoffersm6 lessons. Infact,
Tam grateful for the ending of this mask. Your suffering was
not in vain, my love, for it has taught me much,

Fear. Fear is the purpose of the first tenet. the
inability to accept the Second Breath or existence
as one of the Ten Thousand Demons. Fear leads
the Rootless Trees to cover the truth with a thov-

sand masks, seeking to hide what they have
become. Butthe truth cannot be denied. When all
your masks are broken, there will be no escape

Tue Seconp Tenet: Ljre's Lessons

I see that the Demon speaks through my hand, so let
this work be balanced through its voice.

The second tenet of the path is "learn what you can
from each life." Every mask has its lessons, and we strive to
learn all that we can from them. | recall my first masks
made me wonder about this tenet because they were so
mundane. What could I learn from being a beggar, living
homeless on the streets of Nagasaki? Would I not learn
more as a priest or wandering monk? Surely another life
would teach me more.

But that life did hold lessons for me, as has'¢véty,one
since. The key is in finding the wisdom within each and
learning to heed it. Sometimes, the insight does not come
until the life is over and I contemplate it in the embrace
of the Dark Jade Lover. Onlysthenwean=lysee,clearly,
standing outside and looking back.

In some cases the insight is not clear. The tenet!
admonishes us to learn what we can. Sometimes'the lesson
is that there is no lesson. I recall a mask once wore that
seemed meaningless — how | despaired at-myfailure and
feared for my progress on thé path. It taught me to under-
stand that there is more of a purpose to wearing the' mask:
than looking for lessons. As The Journey of a Thousand Steps
tell us, "The mask is not a lesson. Life is nota lesson.Life is
life. The lesson comes in the living." A student who always
keeps an eye out for a lesson has only one to sée with.

Ave there supposed insights in these masks
these shadow plays, or is there only meaning
because we put it there, unwilling to acknowl-
edge the real truth, that nothing has meaning?

Meaning is as we make it. lessons are leamed,
themes repeated, over and over, until none of
them carry any meaning and the dark flower of
the void opens.


| aA ¢

The Emprness fusipr

Tue Trjrp Tener:
Srju Eartn Flowing

"Chaifige as.much as possible berween breaths," the
thitd tenet télls us. Change is at the heart of the path,
moving from one life to another, from one moment to the
next. Nothing reimains the same. Even the still earth
flows, and it isimpossible'to stepiinto the same river twice.
Rather than resist inevitable change, we embrace it and
become ajpart of it. By swinging from side to side, we
remain balanced in the center, changing while the world
changes around us)

The third tenet also refers to our changes from one life
—one "breath" —toanother. We make each life diffétent
and unique iniorder to learn from it. There is nothing to
be gained-in moving ftom one life to another that is
exactly the same, Our balance is a dynamic one, embrac-
ing change, embracing action.

Avoiding what is. Change so long as the
change is not too great. too different, too much
The greatest change comes between the First and
the Second Breaths, the change from mortal to

immortal demon, the change all Kuei-jin fear
and deny. Embrace change. and deny the great-
est change in your existence. Cast off the chains of
your mortality! Accept the change you truly fear

Tue Four Tener:
KGLuNG THe BuppHa

The fourth tenet is a lesson youhelped to teach me,
may love. It,saysjiIfyomgrow tod close to' something, kill
it. It will only hinderyou." Wise men say if you meet the
Buddha along the-road, kill him, because the.Buddha is
not the way. These Wordsyaremot the way. Only the way
that cannot be,deseribed, onlyknown, is the true way!

Attachments toanything else are like chains dragging us
down, keepingusfrom following our path. Oh, howthere was
atime when wanted nothing more than to remain with you
forever, to give up everything for you. But I know now that
would be foolishness because, although my love for you was
true, our life together was an illusion, like everything else in
this world: Younever knew what! truly was until theend, and
that moment showed me that we could never be. I'killed you,
killed myself, and in so doing, set myself free.

As my master showed me, only when death is at hand,
only when we embrace the Dark Jade Lover and look into
the mirror to see nothingness reflected there, do we
understand that life is an illusion and we are part of the

nothingness within it. There is no love, no truth, no—

sadness, no pain, no life, no death, only the path. Any-

thing that draws us from it must die for us to continue on
the Road Back.

21

But the discriminating gardener pulls up only'weeds,
leaving the flowers. The wise man discriminates between
high and low, the I Ching tells us. So the Wise Centipedé
learns what things are hindrances along the path. It‘is a
lesson we each must learn, a lesson others suffer to teach us.

Justify Killing however you wish, the path is
painted with blood. Killing shows the power of
death, the power you hold in your hands. Does
the tiger Kill because the prey Keeps him from

being a tiger? Or does the tiger kill because
Killing makes him a tiger? Kill whatever you
want, itis all a dress rehearsal, preparing you for
Killing yourself

Tue Firms Tener:

A Tuousanp Curs

The*fourth tenet leads irito thesfifth, which tells us to
"turn your back on eath life asyyou leave it." Letting go of a
life isevers harder than breaking all ties with it. I tell youtruly,
myslove, that, although I know you are'gone, | have not rid
thyself of the feeling of your touch, the smell of your hair, the
sound of your laughter or your screams. I remember our first
kiss, the first nightwe made love. Only when I have exorcised
theseymemories through' this work and the embrace of the
Dark Jade Loverwill] be ready tmove on tothenext breath.
Does it séem. callous of mieyto!want to fotget you?

My sensei once toldime a tale of two monks traveling,
seeking enlightenment. Théy came to a flooded river
whete a beautiful woman stood, unable to cross becalise
the, bridge had been washed away. The elder of the two
monks offered to carry the woman across the river on his
back, and she'accepted. Shelifted herkimono and wrapped
herlegs around the monkas he carried heracross, then left
her on the opposite shore. The monks ¢ontinued on their
way until the younger monk finally spoke.

"Brother," he said. "I donot understand. We are sworn
to abstain from things of the material world, and yet'you
Carried that woman, touched her flesh, felt her body
agaifist yours. How could you do such a thing?"

"Brother," the elder monk replied calmly, "I left that
woman back by the river, but it seems to me that you are
still carrying her."

Carrying things from one life to the next weighs us
down until we can no longer walk the Road Back. That is
why we must leave each life behind. We take nothing with
us but the wisdom we have gained. All the rést is left
behind on the shore of the river we have crossed.

What the Thousand Cuts make is food forme.
Itis a hell of your own making, shaped by your
hand. Like Yomi, you cannot survive it without

me. Pain, suffering, fear. hatred and reqret are a
sublime banquet, a feast to sustain me on the


journey through death giving me the power to
drag you screaming back into unlife once again
Throw away all that you have gained. | will
show you hous to find more. Feed and strengthen
me, so we might survive.

Te Spr Tener:
Majnrajnyng THe Baance

The sixth tenet of the path says, "Give when generos-
ity is needed; take when theft is required." This is the
balance we strive toward throughout our many lives. The
balanced Kuei-jin flows with the current of circumstance
rather than fighting against it, able to manifest what is
needed at the time rather than trying to force circum-
stances to fit anarrow view of things. Others say this makes
us unpredictable, but that is not so. It is the ways of Heaven
that are often mysterious. We merely react to the changes
happening around us, without guilt or remorse.

The only shameful act is to upset the balance of things
because balance is the natural way. If it were not for the
dance between Yin and Yang, the Middle Kingdom would
not be. We Kuei-jin are made up of a balance of forces —
Ying and Yang, Hun and P'o — and we must keep these
forces in balance, lest we be torn apart by them and pulled
from the path. That is not to say we do not experience the
passions those forces represent. Quite the opposite, in fact.
The Kuei-jin following the Storm of Inward Tempest
espouse a stark philosophy of moderation and abstention,
but we drink deeply of what each and every way has to offer.

But we understand the importance of balancing our
indulgences with their opposite, like the Scarlet Queen
balances the Ebon Dragon. I have felt the rage and hunger
ofa Devil-Tiger, debated virtue with Resplendent Cranes,
listened to the whispering of ghosts in Bone Flower temples
and danced and drank and loved with Thrashing Dragons.
But I have allowed none of these paths to consume me,
because they are not my path, only a part of it.

Tue Sevenrn Tenet:
Posing THE QUESTION

It is the seventh and eighth tenets of the path, in
particular, that give us a reputation among the Sunset
People as mysterious and unpredictable. The seventh
tenet extends the precepts of the sixth, admonishing us to
make others think about their state of balance and their
place under Heaven. We pose questions and riddles to
others that serve as mirrors like the one my master first
showed to me. We ask them to look at themselves and
consider what they see. More often than not, they do not
wish to see and choose to cover the mirror of their self and
avoid their reflection. We tear away the covering and
force them to confront what they would turn away from.

| Words. much of the time, butsthersicotiies times when

It is not as crude as that, of course. We work through

words arélnot as effecti¥e as actions, and the wise man'
recognizes that time. Sometimes'ah action speaks louder
than the mightiest shotityand sometimiés, a whisper is
more powerful than the sharpé8tysword. That is why a
Hollow Reed can go from being a quietphilosopher'to a
raging demon, like Omi-sama did with me. Such sudden
changé €an, on occasion, crack even the cold disdain of a
Bone Flower or the rigid discipline of a Resplendent
Crane, giving them something to think aboutt

Questioning the beliefs of others means never
having to question your own. Spouting riddles
and Koans makes you look wise because you

never have to offer any answers. Who is really
afraid to look into the mirror? Perhaps it is the
one wearing the mask

The Ejourn Tener:
Ba.ance anp Harmony

The eighth and last tenet places balance as the great-
est virtue we can seek. The fall of the Wan Xian resulted
from their lack of respect for this principle, and it is our
sacred duty to maintain the balance of things in the
Middle Kingdom.

If something is out of balance, it is our duty to correct
it, whether it is a conflict between the August Courts or
disharmony within our wu. If the balanééycannot be
restored, then we must end the conflict. We must restore
or break a wu torn by imbalance, but we cannot allowit to}
deteriorate further, perhaps falling into corruption and—
the manipulation of the Yama Kings..A.mortal out of
balance must be restored of else destroyed and allowed to}
return to the Wheel, to seek balance in their nextilife..
Many Hollow Reeds devote themselves to strengthening
a particular type of balance, such as the relations between
the courts. This goal may be for. aysitigle mask, or it may
continue through many lifetifies.

Following this tenet gives us a reputation for con-,
trariness among our kind. "Whichever way the wind
blows," said Han Fu, "the Rootless Tree walks against it."
That is a limited understanding of this tenet at best. It is
true that youare likely to see a Hollow Reed take the side
of the weak, the waning, the lost against the more
powerful or the majority. That is because we seek to
strengthen the marginal and weaken the powerful to
achieve balance between them.

It is this devotion that makes us sought after as
diplomats and negotiators, envoys to the Beast Courts and
other shen that have dealings with the August Courts. A
solution worked out by a Wise Centipede is certain to be

The Everpness fuisioe

the most balancedyeven if it is not always to Ps satisfac
tion of all sides involved.

Ofcourse, there is a danger of becoming so Site

in the quest for balance that, we lose' sight of its goal:

harmonious €Xistence/under Heaven. Taken too far, the
quest for balance can become'an obsession, another chain
holding us back from.the path that must be broken before

we cam move on,

Balance is not freedom: it is a prison. Free-
dom is living according to one's true nature
without fear or regret. Balance is experiencing
freedom. then retuming meekly to your cage
and calling yourself free. Itis running along the
edge of the abyss, waiting to fall. Imbalance
calls out for balance? No, it is balance that calls
out for a hard shove to push it over the edge!

Ba.ancng
The HarMonjous Wueeis

My master told)me'oncé'that,we Hollow Reeds need
toleatn,.to be alone in'acrowd. At firstihthought that was
because our pathisallonely onéybut this koan, like others,
has unfolded for me over the years, revealing new layersof,
meaning. Although We.are empty and aléne,we are also
part of,the crowd, part of many'crowds. We are part of
Kuei4jin society, partlofjawil, part of aourt and, through
our mortal masks, part of the.mottal world, with its owit
ties and connections#To understand being/alone is only
the first step, to realize you are still' parvof the crowd is
thenext. Although Tamialone and empty inside, | am part
of many citclesyofiwhééls madewup of others,

The Wo

The first and_most_central wheel we €xist, in the

middle of is thé wujjour "corpse family." The concept of

the successful afid auspicious wn is/based on theidea of
balance and complimentarity among its members, a con-
cept we help to support. Hollow Reeds most often take the
center direction of the wu, helping to keep all theother
members in balance (and from each othet's throats, some-
times). As my sensei told me, a wu is"useful to a Hollow
Reed for many reasons, some of which we share with other
Kuei-jin. The wu is a place of support'and understanding,
anew family for our unlife after the Second Breath. Forus,
a wu provides part of the thread running through the'

pearls that are our mortal lives, part of the shadow life that
supports us along the path! and reminds us of the Road

Back, lest we become too/caught up in our masks.

A wu also offers usithe opportunity to carry out the
tenets of our Dharma among the Kuei-jin closest at

23

hand. The wu is a microcosm of the Middle.Kifigdom.
If the wu falls out of balance, it is our duty'to help bring

dit back into balance or to ensure it is broken so the wu
cannot fall to the akuma and the Yama Kings. I have

found wu valuable lessons in balance and how to main-
tain it. In particular, I have learned that it is often best
to allow balance the opportunity to right itself rather
than trying to manage every aspect of it. A farmer may

"Plowethe soil, plant the seeds, weed the garden and

harvest the, produce, but he does not tell the plants how
to grow,or when to go'to seed. Likewise, a Wise Centi-
pede helps to balance the wi/but,knows too much
interference can be just as unbalancing as none.

itime)Hollow,Reeds may outgrow their need for a
Wuyseeking to cut, their ties and continue their journey
along th@Road Back alone, but these@té truly enlightened
masters able ro see the slopes of Mount Meru and the
Hufidred Clouds for themselyes..They are beyond such

othingssbut humble students like myself continue to rely on
the assistance of our blood families in following our path.

Tue Courr

Beyond the wu revolve the wheels of the courts,
often grinding like the geats.of a mechanism in need of
oil and maintemanée. More often than not, Hollow
Reeds serve as the grease that helps the gears turn
smoothly. Tk@se who.misstep in the complex dance of
diplomacy and.court politicSican'find themselves ground

up in those gears just as easily.

Wise Centipedes make up' many of the renowned
diplomats, negotiators, enyoys, messengers and. ritualists
of the August Courtssof the Quincunx, serving sittilar
Toles ithe Green and Golden Gourts and among the uji
of Nippon. The Middle Kingdom is not without its Hollow
Rééd mandatins and ancest6rs as well. Maintaining the
balance of a court is much like maintaining the balance of
aww ona grander scale —a greater challenge for one who
hhas mastered balance on a smaller scale. My sensei said

learning to master the balance of a court can lead to a

greater understanding of personal balance or can»be a
distraction from the path if one becomes too caught up in
intfigues and minutiae. Still, Hollow Reeds like the Whis-
pering Princess and the Shogun of the Seven Thunders are
still considered auspicious and skilled ancestors.

As the saying goes, "within the court, seek out the
Devil-Tiger for battle, the Bone Flower for knowledge, the
Resplendent Crane for virtue, the Thrashing Dragon for
pleasure and the Rootless Tree to settle disputes between
them." We are also considered valuable for,carrying:mes-
sages from court to court, even in the most dangerous of
circumstances. The road and the maze are natural com-
panions to us, and we are known as fearless messengers:

Shortly after the fall of the Scarlet Phoenix Court in

Malaysia, the Blood Court sent the noble ancestor True
Jade as their envoy to the penangallan, to encourage them

24

to reform their courtalong more noble, respectable lines.
TruesJade was greeted with suspicion by the Golden
Queen of the penangallan, who listened 'to the arguments
he presentedon behalf of the Quincunx.

Angéred by thé Blood Court's présumptioti, the Queen
told TrueJade she would have hin tortured to reveal what
he knew about the court's plans. He merely said, "As you
wish," before the penangallan dragged him' away: Days
later, after hearing that he would not break, thé Queen
visited True Jade in the depths of her dungeon. He was
beaten, bloody and scarred, seared by hot irons and stung
by scorpions, but heremained steadfast in his loyalty. She
asked him if he suffered, and he said, "Yes." She asked him
to reveal all he knew of the Blood Court, and he said "No."
She asked him ifhe wanted his freedom, and True Jade said
to her, "As you wish."

The Golden Queen had True Jade released and
chose her most seductive penangallan, more skilled in the
arts of pleasure than any mortal woman. They fed him,
looked after his wounds, comforted him and, in time,
pleasured him amid the luxury of the Golden Courts.
Once again, the Queen visited True Jade and asked if he
was enjoying himself. "Yes," he said. She offered him a
place in her court, if only he revealed what he knew, and
he said, "No." She threatened to take away all she'd

Thovsann Whispers

given and return him to the dungeons, to be, tortiired to
death. He said, "As you wish,"

In the'end, the Qiiéen came to take True Jade's life
with her own hatids. He was near death, his body drained
of Chi, tortured by those Who.took theirJéssons from their
time in Yomi. The Golden Queeitvoffered thé envoy one
last chance to save himself, and hetefused: "Then you will
die!" she screamed in rage, assuming her terrible demon
aspect to tear him limb from limb. As his head fell to the
bloody floor, those present heard a sound escape True
Jade's lips that sounded like "As you wish."

To those who have embraced death like a lover, there
is no fear.

The Deatu or Aces

Many of the Wan Kuei look on the coming of the
Sixth Age with feelings of fear and resignation, the same
fears they hold of the True Death. This is because they do
not understand that the Sixth Age, the Age of Sorrow, is
not a fate to be avoided. It is the turning of the Wheel of
Ages, part of the Great Cycle of being. Like the ritual

e undergo along the Road Back, the turning of the
shedding of the masks of the world, a death that
ads to a new life, a new Age, where the Cycle can


The Evryness frisjoe

continue onits way. In time, the Sixth Age, too, will pass
away, as the Wheel turns,once more. Only a fool fights
against the tide or shouts at the wind, bueSome Kueijin
seem determitied to keep the)Sixth Agé from'coming, as
if such a thing were possible.

There is much talk most of it in hushed tones —
about what the Sixth.A ge will spell for the Sunset People

and the other shen of the Middle Kingdom. | hayé heard
everything from a reunion with the courts of Heaven to
the rise of the Yama Kings to overthrow the August
Personage of Jade. Regardless of the fate that awaits.us, it
isnothing to fear, nor does it change what happensnow in

the Middle Kingdom.


Beconmug Nosopy

2h

BECOMING
NoRODY

The game'is, not about becoming somebody, it's about

becoming nobody.
—Baba Ram Dass

PatHs FROM THE CENTER

It is the way of our Dharma to remain at the center of
things but to still move forward. A journey along a path

tequites movement. It is the motion of life combined with.

stillness of spirit that leads us along the way. An important
element of this dynamic motion is the direction we are
called to upon taking the Second Breath. It determines
our fole and place in‘Kuei-jin society and colors the lives
we lead and the way we walk our path.

Over time, teachers and masters of our Dharma have~
developed unique traditions and teachings to suit these_

facing particular directions. These traditions are intended
to improye the student's understanding of the path and
Better allow them to fulfill their duties, as dictated by their
direction and their court. As I am of the center direction,
I do not practice any of these ways myself, though I have
met other Hollow Reeds that do. My sensei followed the
teachingstof the Scarlet Gentipedes of the south, and the
Bunrakuof the north are well known in my native Nippon.

Of late, some have voiced concern that these™"wan-
dering paths" (as one mandarin called them) threaten the
harmony and balance of the-disciple rather than enhanc-
ing them. Some feel they emphasize the peculiarities of
@athsdirection overthe overallbalance of the path,
leading Hollow Reeds into imbalance and causingthemto
fall from the path. I do not know if this iso, but if itis, then
it is a great concern to all Wise Centipedes.

"Norm Te Buwnaro

The Bunrakuof the north are named forthe "invisible
men" of Nippon theatre. Dressed entirely in black, they
are the puppeteets the audience pretends to ignore, as if
they were invisible, even though they can be seen clearly.

Bunraku Hollow Reeds occupy a similar place in Kuei-jin

society; They are devoted to the maintenance of order,
balance and harmony within and between the courts and
houses of the Middle Kingdom. Bunraku uphold traditions
and punish transgressors, but they carry out their duties
quietly, behind the scenes, like shadows'that are always
watching and waiting, pulling the strings of the court to
suit their idea of balance and harmony.

The Bunraku began in Nippon, where a great many
Hollow Reeds seemed destined to follow the north direc-
tion following the opening to the West. The Bunraku saw.
it as their duty to uphold the traditions of Nippon against
the invading Westerners and to protect Kuei-jin society
from becoming'corfupt and falling further from the har-
monious ways dictated by the August Personage'ofJade.
Tales I have heard associate the Bunraku with the rem-
nants of the shinobi clans of Nippon, the legendary ninja,
masters of stealth, invisibility and assassination.

Although they failed to keep the West out of Nippon,
the Bunraku still strengthened the power of the Kuei-jin
uji there and Worked to cast the heretical Sotogawa No
from the islands. Before the appearance of the Bunraku,

the north direction individually served
i the courts, butno one body governed them.
7 traditions of Japan allowed the Bunraku to present
a strong and unified force. It was not long before shadowy

" figures. dressed in black became a common sight through-
out the courts of the Middle Kingdom, as ancestors called

on the sassistance ‘of: Buntaku to dispense justice and.

maintain balance andorder:

Although their purp% ny é and—
traditional ways; the Bun work quite ~
untraditionally. ot operate in the open like most

Kuei-jin judges
ing pleas. Inst
tigators, ingy
the Bunraka!
places ordair

n istrates, holding court'and hear-
they work behind the scenes as inves-
rs and even executionets.. What courts

In these places, the fate of transgressors is*

is S suits, the attire of the August C

4 Bunraro Spracs

"Although common lore claims our tradition be-
gan in Nippon, it has roots that are far deeper, dating
back to the beginning of the August Courts. Black-
clad Hollow Reeds served the ancestors of the courts
in enforcing the rule of law and meting out judgment
to transgressors. Wise Centipedes of the north direc-
tion assisted in overcoming the gaki of Nippon, prov-
ing valuable warriors in the shadow war for the control
of that land. The Bishamon learned to respect our
prowess even as they were driven into hiding in the
wild parts of the islands.

"The Wheel turns, and the rule of House Genji
grew unbalanced as the power of the Five August
Courts waned. Our revered ancestors saw the im-
balance in Nippon and took steps to correct it.
They secretly contacted the scattered remnants of
House Bishamon and gradually earned their trust.
The exiled gaki sought allies among the other shen
of Nippon, perfecting their power over the natural
magic of the islands.

"The Bunraku offered aid against House Genji to
balance the Wheel once again. With our aid and
teaching, House Bishamon overthrew the Genji in
the Year of Black Kites. From that time on, the
Bunraku remained allies of the Bishamon, although
the ancestor of the house has always made it clear that
he does not trust us too much. After all, when the
Wheel turns again, might not the Bunraku turnagainst
the Bishamon as well? The ancestor is wise.

"After our success in Nippon, we sought to
balance conflicts in the August Courts and through-
out the Middle Kingdom. Envoys sent from Nippon
aided other Wise Centipedes of the north, spreading
the secrets we learned in Nippon and the art of
invisible judgment across the Middle Kingdom and

dare shadow courts, dramas held in secret ~
by the ancestor to whom the Bunraku-.

Tuousano Wiyspers

who often prefer that such matters be handled quietly, and
it suits the Bunraku, allowing them to do their work.

Coldly logical.and objective, the Bunraku carry out
their duties without pity or remorse. They are particularly
devoted to the tenets of the path regarding balance and
keeping things in balance or destroying them toensure the
3 imbalance does not spread. Ironically, their cold devotion

-to balance can lead to Bunraku becoming unbalanced

toward Yin, finding greater virtue in the cold mind. For
this reason, many Bunraku wear Yang masks, living mortal
lives of indulgence and excess and shadow lives of duty
and objectivity. Outsiders may find. this: contradiction
hypocritical, but that only shows.they do notunderstand
the demands of our path: After all, is meter ere to duty
worthy of some indulgence?

The Bunraku traditionally test in Tblhcl, including
‘black masks, when they go on errands of secrecy. They are
» skilled in stealth and disguise, and I suspect more of them
| Operate in the courts than any Kuei-jin but the ancéstors
are. aware of.

East: The Dancing ‘Peacocks

Torthe east, the Dancing Peacocks até responsible for
| thé caretaking and*harmony of the mortal. herds, the
counterparts of the Bunraku who watch over the balance
of Kuei-jin society. Like the Bunraku, the Peacocks move
invisibly through mortal society, although, mote often
‘than not, their "invisibility" comes from a skill at hiding
in plain sight: These often flamboyant Hollow I Reeds are
the most at home among hi manity and find themselves

colors of their namesake, Particularly vas d
blue-green. sig?
<--The Dancing Peacocks are found" Rr ohhioes the
Middle Kingdom, although they began in the Courtof the
Scarlet Phoenix, wharis now the GoldemCoutrts. Kuei-jin
from that region following the Path of a Thousand Whis-
"pers*were (and remain) relatively rare. Those Hollow
Reeds associated with the eastwere often drawn.to the life
and strong Yang of the Scarlet} ‘Phoenix, and they helped ~
"to serve as a a tempering element to the fiery nature of the
pénangallan and" their wild. exeesses — not tempering
‘enough, however, to prevent the fall of the Court of the
Scarlet Phoenix to the Yama Kings. Although the Golden
Coufts-were-putged of akuma, their failure to maintain
balance remains a great shame tothe Dancing | Peacocks,
one of the strongest reasons they tu heir attention
toward the lives of mortals rather th: ‘corrupt world
of the Hungry Dead. a
Throughout the Middle Kingdom, Dancing Peacocks
serve-as guides and guardians of mortals, keeping them
from noticing the work of the Ten Thousand Demons,
while also protecting themifrom some of the worstexcessés
of our kind. They are the most skilled 6f all Hollow Reeds
in creating and handling the Scarlet Screens that shield


‘
‘

ae
Becowing Nozopy

our courts from to mortal
society, they, ate also' the most skilled of dur Dharma in
creating »meéw mortal identities from whole cloth. The
assistance of a Dancing Peacock can greatly enhance the
validity of a mask in the eyés of the mortal authorities,
something I have found useful in the past..."

So close).to mortals; to the pulse of life, it is no
surprise that Peacoéks*have a penchant toward Yang
Chi that can -become art, imbalance, They develop
attachments fo mortals, commonly taking mortal lov"
ers, which, ina Yang-unbalanced state, can lead to the
creation of a ae wonder so many dhampyrs

i c urts). Some Peacocks deal with
imbalances through periods of solitude and meditation,
but they are always drawrt back to the warm glow of
Yang, like mot s toa flame. . *

‘Although their A ee important, Biterd Whis-
pers tread the most dangerous path, because the demands
oftheir calling are often at ith the tenets of our
Dharma. Peacocks form attachments that can hold them
back unless' they are willing to' sever tht out re-
morsé. The Daneing Peacocks become so adi adopt
ing mortal masks that they begin to.forget they are only
masks; falling close to thebeliefs of the Flame of the Rising
Phoenix in seeking to fecapture the life they have lost"
forever. And this'step off the path brings them one step.

closet tobecoming dupes 6f the Yama Kings, who promise
pleasures and gifts to those willing to serye them.

& Dancng Peacock Spears

"The Golden Courts dance on the edge of the
abyss, skirting close to the grasp of the Yama Kings
before dancing away like a flirtatious girl, tempting
and teasing. And the Yama Kings join in this dance of
seduction; only it remains to be seen who is seducing
whom. The Kuei-jin of the Golden Courts concern
themselves with the manifold pleasures unlife has to
offer, often forgetting that our greatest source of plea-
sure is mortal life. Mortals are a precious resource;
more than that, they are vital to us. Yes, I can imagine
your disdain. Mortals, vital to us? Are we not the Ten
Thousand Demons? Are we not the princes of this
world? Perhaps once, but no longer.

"Now we are the Hungry Dead, preying upon
mortals for the Chi we need and, perhaps if we are
fortunate, stealing among them to savor precious
moments of pleasure outside our own bloody courts.
We Dancing Peacocks watch over and cultivate
mortals like the hot-house flowers they are, keeping
them from being consumed by the fires that burn in
the hearts of the Golden Courts, but also hiding
those fires from mortal eyes because we know an-
other truth most choose to ignore. If they choose,
mortals have'the power to destroy us, should enough
of them learn our secrets."

OUTH: THe Scarier: CenTsPEDES

Change is the-essencé of the Path of a Thous:
Whispers and Kuei-jin of the southern direction embi
it with open arms. Like their namesakes, the
Centipedes always seem: to be scurrying one
othér in search of new experiences, new place'
opportunities to-sting at the tender feet
order to shake their preconceived notions
about everything. These Hollow Reedsyate Eon for
wearing at least one piece of scarlet clothing. On formal.
o€casions, I've seen Scarlet Centipedes dressed li
flames, covered ftom head to footin shi
proclaim their direction for all to See. ;
» Hollow Reeds A Sr sinagg athe
‘unexplained changes i r. (There'i an exp) ‘
tion, of course, if pi, Sos st andenighidoaa ys Scarlet ‘
Centipedes are even more prone to unpredict le behav- "
ior, to the point that some are considered a because

‘they seem t6' be: as ‘changeable as the wind, Indeed; ~
southern Kuei,jin on the Path of aThousand PA/Risper
tend to emphasize the third tenet of our Dharma above all :
others. While each of us seeks to live a and lives, i
each different from the last; the Scarlet sh, ial 5
foras wide a range of experience aspossible, makingan art _
out of building and livi new lives sta! ind the pearls of

mi om | hidden within Fes he * 2

‘taking their time
r sensei said it was

following the seventh | ea fore ing others to
confront their choices and explain them./The Scarlet
Centipedes are often agitators within thecourts,challeng-
, caifig what is traditional and accépted, to thedismiay of the Y
mandarins and' ancestors. The: Scarlet ‘Centipedes are ;
perhaps the ¢ greatest rs of the Thousand Whispers.
At the least, they have the greatest loye of war. Conflict
of any sort, from wars of weapons to wars of words, draws
themi like a hunter to blood. They excel in competition
and thrive on conflict. They are most skilled at correcting
itbalance through» confrontation, either agitating, for
change or rooting out the problem and desttoying.it. In ~
this, the Scarlet Centipedes compliment their cousins to
the north, the Buhraku. While elites Whispers #
work silently fromthe shadows, the Scarlet Centipedes

work openly, one often aiding or concealing the former,


30

& Scarier Cenrpene Spears

"Tradition, ‘the way we have always done things.'
What a load of bullshit! Tradition is the way the
mandarins and ancestors dismiss anything that doesn't
make sense to them and how they keep the rest of us in
line by telling us how we should and shouldn't do things.
Most of the elders haven't left their precious temples
and hidden courts in so long they wouldn't even recog-
nize the world outside. It's time to give up on how things
were done a thousand years ago or, at least, seriously
thinkabout updating things forthe 21st century! There's
so much out there to see and do, and we have a hundred
lifetimes to do it in, but what do most of us do? Try and
recapture the glories of the past. Just because we're dead
doesn't mean we have to live in the past.

"About the only thing the August Courts have
done right is to decide to take it to the gweilo and pay
them back for the years of grief they gave us. There are
some old, old imbalances that need to be addressed
here, which is why I left Hong Kong in the first place.
But make no mistake, once things are settled here, it's
time to bring everything we've learned in the West
back home to make a difference there, too."

Wesrz The Exairen jape Masks
The Hollow Reeds of the western direction speak with

the spirits the dead and listen to the ancestors seeking to
be heard. Their duty is to redress ancient and often long-
lasting imbalances in'the Middle Kingdom. The Exalted
gJade Masks teach thatthe dead who led balanced lives pass
~ from:this we tirely_or'watch from a great distance;
imbalance in their wake haunt the
ibrium to:be restored Ghosts are
Partial spiritsyerying out for crimes to be punished and
wrongs to betighted: The Jade Masks follow their cries and
help lay them to rest. ‘
Only critical imbalances leave the angty or suffering
shades of the dead to haunt tlie living, so the Exalted Jade
_ Masks must often take drastic actions. They do so only
after. careful consideration, however, analyzing a situation
ly before they strike to restore balance. This act
\ lly blow ora simple wordof kindness. Ifa ghost
er the situation that Created it is resolved, the

ask's duty then becomes to send it on. A victim
for vengeance outlives his murderer isan
"ml ce in, and of himself, say the-western Reeds. I
should say that the imbalances that result in our rebirth,


Beconjng Nosopy

in our rise from Yomi, is beyond the Exalted Jade Masks'
purview. We have each come back from Hell to restore
that balancé, and it is our personal duty to do so.

The scrutiny required to follow the echoes of spirits
makes western Hollow Reeds skilled envoys, unfailingly
loyal and devoted to their duty. The diplomat True Jade,
who was tortured and killed by the Queen of the Golden
Courts, was an Exaltéd'Jade Mask.

In living their mortal lives, the Jade Masks rarely. put
their duties far from their minds. They often take on'
masks that allow them to correct some ancient imbal-
ance of karma ot to aid the descendents of a spirit and
right a wrong, restoring the balance and allowing the
ghost to rest peacefully. Western masters of the path
have been known to use the discipline ¢ of Chi'i iu Muh to
take on an unbalanced soul that can be corrected in, no
other way, accepting the burden of setting things right as
their personal duty.

Hollow Reeds of the west typically wear some piece of
white clothing, dressing entirely in white for occasions
like an important ritual or an execution. Oftentimes, they
wear teal masks:of jade when performing ¢ eir duties,
particularly as executioners. The white-robed and jade-
masked envoy is a sight many Kuei-jin rightly fear."

4n Exairen jape Mask Spears

"The spirits of our ancestors watch from the
depths of the Yellow Springs, and it is proper that we
honor them. But when they walk the Mirror Lands,
when their cries wake mortal children or call out for
vengeance, it is a sign of grave imbalance. These are
not simply the living transformed by death, but echoes
of life, incomplete shades consisting of rage, sadness
and other longings. They exist to call out for balance
to be restored.

"We honor the ghosts' cries and relieve their
pains by righting the wrongs that created them. Ifa
victim points to her murderer, we bring the crimi-
nal to justice. If a dead lover never admitted feel-
ings for her paramour, we speak on her behalf. If a
dead tyrant is wracked by regrets, we help restore
his kingdom to prosperity and justice. In this, we are
the allies of shades.

"But we are not their friends. If they linger once
balance is restored or if they cause imbalance them-
selves, then they must be dealt with. They are the cries
of the world, and once the wound is mended, the cries
must be silenced —by whatever means are necessary."

CENTER

Finally, there is the center, the direction most Kuei-
jinonithe Path of: a Thousand Whispers are drawn toward.
All the other forces' of the Middle Kingdom orbit the
center, a place'of serenity and calm we'can venture out
fromnto the worldt co) experient e all it has to offer. We do

.

0 si

not claim a name or title for ourselves; we are all Hollow
Reeds, Wise Centipedes, students of the path.
~ The duty of center-facing Hollow Reeds is to mai
tain the balance, nothing more, nothing less And
duty could be both'so simple and so complex. Ku
society is filled ‘with imbalance, shifting this'way
that. How easy it would be, I thought as-a hin, new
recovered from thé shadow soul that almost consume:
me at the Second Breath, if only we could enfore
balance. Butit is not so easy. Enforced balance leads only
to stasis, stillness and death. Without the constant tug
between forces — Yin.and Yang, Hun and P'o — there is
nothing. The August Personage, understood this and
"separated Yin from Yang so that we might know them as
distinct parts of a dynamic whole.
No, maintaining equilibrium is amore complex mat-
ter. It is balancing spinning plates atop sticks or juggling
knives or burning torches: You haye to keep everything in
imotion, everythingin the right place, andiif you move the
wrong way, you're likely to get hurt or something is likely

to get broken! Balance i is a delicate thing, but a thing of

beauty when it is achieved, something well worth main-
taining. It is the duty firse given to the Wan ies a duty.

‘So you can dog thy love, why the greatest
concern, of the Hollow Reed ¢ imbalance spreading ~
r ingdom and the spirit
worlds, signs off the coming of the Sixth Age — but also
as that the Wan Kuei ling even farther from the

Mandate of Heaven. Wedonotfearthe coming ofthe Age
of Sorrows it: If, but we do fear that it will arise from our
itedness. 00 caught up in ties

t longer serve and new
aA inthe end, ly the Yama Kings —a Hee .

of ties that threatens

THE Myppie Kingoom-
~~ "TRe'surest sign'of imbalance in the Middle Kingdom.
is the poisoning ofthe dragon nests and the Chi that flows
from them. Disregard for the rites of feng shui and other
traditions among mortals has"led to, blockages in the
healthy flow of Chi throughout the land, polluting well-
springs and leading only to misery and misfortune for those
unknowing mortals. The depredations of Kuei-jin and
chi'n tasorcerers hungry for Chi deplete the nests further,
despite the best efforts of some hengeyokai and hsien to
"guard them. Here in Nippon, the atomic fires of the
Burnings have poisoned:the land's Chi and resisted our
efforts to cleanse the taint of the Unholy Fire.
The imbalan€e of Chi within the land is akin to an
imbalance within the body, leading to an illness that must

be corrected. Many believe this sickness heralds the com-
‘ing of the'Sixth Age, and it may be that the land must


balance before deciding it is inevitable and allowing the
land's life to end: The Keepers of the Two Flames in
Nippon — which include a number of Hollow Reeds —
believe the poisoningof | thé Chiis an auspicious sign, that
only the strong and worthy Kuei-jin will survive the
cleansing fire of tainted Chi ‘i inherit the next Age. To

mej the idéa'speaks ofthe blind hi ope of those — to-

accept the-burden of their

together in: tie aes wu, ite causes are pes

with

Even on our path;
ture further and further afield in Search of new experiences
from which to gain enlightennient. Without returning to
the center they travél out from, these students of the way.
become lost and eventually fall from the path, someéven
fall prey to the wiles of the Yama Kings and becoming
akuma. This is most common among the Wise Centipedes
of directions other than the cefter, They.form factions of
those directions and embrace imbalance ‘as_a ‘Way .to
enlightenment, going against: the very tenets of our path.

jMBaLaNceE AMONG THE CouRTS

_. Whére ofce the courts of the Middle Kingdom
éxisted in balance, now there is conflict — between the
August Courts of the Quincunx,'between-the uji of

Nippon, in the shadows of the Greeti Courts and in the.
jungles of the Golden Courts:Court wars tipon couftin™

J
shadowy battles fought with Words.and warriors in the
night, Scarlet Screens serve as»pawné to

alf of their Kuei-jin masters: Indeed; I
nerely writing these thoughts would be
mé declared ‘akuma in some of the
ed, which is why.these words are only
for you and the eyes of Heaven, my love.

~ Mandarins and even aficestors.grow more aoneenedl
with matters of power and influencéthan the Mandates of
Heaven. Like Hollow Reeds too attached to amortallife,
these Kuei-jin become entangled in their ties like.a fly
caught ita spider's web. Andimany of those hungry spiders
are Yama Kings and their akuma servants, who infiltrate
the courts to spy and corrupt from within, furthering
imbalances, whispering poisoned words into the right ears
and carrying more souls back to their mastérs in Hell.

The courts aré'also torn by the conflict of the old

traditions upheld by enlightened masters and the new
ways found or sought by Running Monkeys. There are so
many now, they seém to overwhelm the voices of their
elders, in need of quick answersiand solutions, drawn to

consideration of théireffects onthe greater whole. »
there ate Hollow Reeds who ven-

Thousann Wujspers

the lure of the West. In this, we Hollow Reéds must
provide a worthy example. We uphold the importance of
questioning and of breaking away from old ties that no
longer serve, but we must tread cautiously, lest we en-
courage a rebellion that will overturn all:that we haye
built throughout the Ages. As Xue says, "A man who

‘lives many lives, but learns nothing from them, is no

more-wise:than an. infant,"

jMpaLance Anions THe Wu

HI the imbalances at work in the Middle Kingdom

can be seen at work in many wu, since a corpse family is

merely a reflection.of the ways of the greater world. For us,
the wu serves as part of the path, a vehicle to carry
experiences of our mortal lives forward-as we walk the w:
An unbalanced wu offers us the opportunity to. restore
harmony, but some wu force us to act on the eighth tenet
of the path; they are so unbalanced that nothing can bring
them harmony, and they must be broken and destroyed.
_ More than one'Hollow Reed has been the cause of a
wu's dissolution, either because the corpse family could

-not withstand the'Centipede's efforts to restore balance

or because it was so unbalanced that thé Centipede had
todestroy it. Others'do not always understand our rea-
sons for doing what we are called upon to do, so they say
that the Rootless Trees cannot be relied upon, even that
we are treacherous. From.their point of view, I can see
how it mightseem so when a Hollow Reed they consider
a part of their family seemingly breaks faith with them,
turns on the family seeks to-change them or even
sever theif relationship. But, likea Parent must Often be
harsh with a child, We are often called upom.to-make
difficult choices in order to follow our path and do what
is best for the ww.and for our kind, ‘ :

Of course; do not lay all imbalance'within the wu at
the feewof others. More than one Hollow Reed has been,
the downfall ofa wu, often by turing the need. for
harmony and balance irito an obsession that rules them-as
mueh.as the worst demon. The sad fate of the Gnashing
Dragon wu is an example of this, where the two Thousand
Whispers belonging to the wu took it upon themselves to
ensure balance arall costs, even to the point of bargaining
with the Yama Kings to achievetheir goals. They paid for
their mistakes when they met the Final Death and their
souls were sent screaming into the pits of Yomi Wan.

On THE Socjery
OF THE SUNSET PEOPLE —

The Path of a Thousand Whispers is not the only.
Road Back, The Grand Arhat's visions one of many ways,
not unlike our own. From our place in the center, we can
see the paths of the other Dharmas stretched out before us
like spokes on a wheel! It is.our duty, therefore, to always
question the followers of other ways, to make them justify


Becomjng Nozopy

and explain their'choices., If they cannot explain their
path, how can‘they hope to understand it? Other Kuei-jin
think us ignorant because of all our questions, when, in
fact, itis often their own ignorance they donot wish tosee.

Still, the Fivefold Way envisioned by the Divine Xue
is holy. Those who follow its tenets are our brothers and
sisters, and there are lessons to be learned from them. To
ignore the other Dharmas is to ignore our own path, for
they aré a part of what we are.

Cuancing DHarmas

Although we Hollow Reeds change from one life to
the next, we must not forget the calling of our Dharma, the
thread that binds our lives together and gives themmean-
ing. Others may believe that the changes we pass through
are an inability to remain on the Road Back, but in truth,
they are an affirmation ofit. Our lives are only steps on the
path, not the path itself. Those with only one life often fail
to'ee the forest for the trees. Whether | am stafiding in the
highest building of Tokyo, looking down upon the world
below, or begging in the streets of Osaka, watching the
masses.of humanity pass me by, whether' devouring, the
soul of a sinner or easing the labor of a mother, I am still
on the Path ofa Thousand Whispers.

There are Hollow Reeds who step out from the
center and fail to return. They become filled with a

particular life and mistake its lessons for'the path, which

leads them away. Sometimes, they must follow this
divergent trail to the end in order to rejoin the tru path
they have wandered from, and they leatn-wisdom in so
doing. Other times, these wayward Kuei-jin wand
far and lose their way. They choose to leave the Path of
a Thousand Whispers behind and take up another. They
are lost to us and, worse yet, lost to the Hundred Clouds

becatise they have seen the truth and chosen to flee from —
it. These poor souls often wander from one Dharma to ~

another, fleeing from the truth they cannot accept —
that unlife is change. They want the certainty of dogma
and unshakable tradition, building it into a wall around
them: They build a prison for their spirits and willingly
lock themselves in. It is our duty to question their.
decisions, to make them justify what they have done. If
they have fallen so far that no Dharma can help them,
then it is our sad duty to end their suffering.

The How. oF THE Devijt-TjceR

What magnificent devils these are! What lessons in
cruelty and punishment they can teach us. The Devil-
Tigers understand the subtleties of pain and the en-
lightenment it brings like no other. They are fierce
Warriors and guardians;and somé Hollow-Reeds have
been honored. by ‘having Devil-Tigers offersto. watch
Over their resting places whilethey embrace the Dark
Jade Bover. In-a struggle for survival, Devil-Tigers are
powerful allies. However, when‘one tides the tiger,one
must be carefal not to be thrown. The Devil-Tigers

"to question the tiger, but it is t

Kuei

» that many Resplende

cultivate their P'o, the Demon-within; and, like fire, it
is both a useful tool and a savage"destroyer.
The truly enlightened Devil+ -Tigets learn' to go
yond the pain and torment they inflict on themsélve:
others, making ita ladder reaching toward the Hur
Clouds. It is all too easy for them to fall into the D
luxuriating in their pain and power, mistaki el
of enlightenment for enlightenment itself Xue
tear away his own facé and cast it into the flames he mad
to become enlightened through' painy There comes a
time when each Devil-Tiger must do. the same, but too
many are unwilling to tear away, their ‘frightening masks
because they fear the Void that lies be: them. It is
our duty to help these'Tigers by, ate their deci-
sions and lighting the way for them. Yes, darigerous
easy'to only question

those who cannot strike back:
Tue Waxor

THE RESPLENDENT C
The virtuous life has imany less
enlightened Hun can ¢arry, one. tor
Heaven. Law, virtue and discipline teach us.to leash the ©
Demon ‘thin and'to Walk the straight traight and narrow path. —
The Shining Ice Guardi: ps example to all
i-jin of the redemption that they believe we can find.
yabove all.others, secure

However, they place themsel
in their virtue and the

e bad the ice of

= te ot them,

oe they

PA 2 and the
5 ‘consider beneath

and do not wish to
their way. They seek to
rather than using itsf
seek. I have

who understand us Ae most and thevléast. Their
minds are sharp" like. cold:.steel, apprehending much
wisdom and lore. ‘They are skilled i in titual and have a
hunger —I hesitate to say. "love — for knowledge that
rivals our own. But their thoughts and wisdom are ascold
as their hearts and minds, without passion or life. They
learn from the dead but fear to come too close to the life
they have left behind.

I once kriew.a Bone Flower who took the*Second
Breath after taking his own life out ofdespair. Rather than
seeing his return from. Yomi as ve to take a
different path, he/wrapped himself in melaricholy and
shadows and stepped even further away from.the life he'd
chosen to leavexI did everything i in thy power to try and
make him laugh, to reignite the spark of life in his heart,


laughed, suffered and cried since then. Which

of usis the fool? ae

‘- Vhave heard rumors of a:prolonged shadow war be

‘ tween the Bone Flowers and the Exalted Jade Masks, those
of my Dharma who face west. The followers of the Shadow
Song-hold the Jadé:Masks responsible for the murder: of}
ghosts, as if such a thing were possible. They do not realize |
that shades are signs of imbalance, not whole
vently, stealthy assassin¢-from both traditions hunt
other through the Yih World and the Middle"
alike, pursuing a c es long war in twilight. I dor not
west, sol do notkhow the truthiof the matter, but theimage
of white- clad Jade Mask warriors facing night- black Bone |
Flower ets has a certain balance to it. 4

The Dance oF

THE THRaSHING ‘Dragon Pa
The Laughing Rainbows seek to understand' Tife inall ~
itsmany forms. From them, we can learn passion, motion -
and mutability. Those moving totheDance of: theThrash-_
ing Dragon often know the secrets of changing form.like
aleaping flame, seeing the world through othereyés, a81
do. They realize that reality is an illusion, like the om
rainbow. But that is where their similarity to our way ends.
The Thrashing Dragons embrace life, but' they fear
death. We take on different:lives'and live them to the
fullest, but we understand when'the timeforan ending has
come. Without death, life has no meaning. The Thrash-
ing Dragons can become lost in their endless orgies of
"sensation, without any timé ofsilence and darkness tocool
the fires in their blood. Their way is seductive, and I know
‘more than one Hollow Reed who has-bécéme ‘unable to
give up the pleasures of life to embrace the Dark Jade»
~ Lover, even for a short time:

August Courts. Even our eta the least sieretbed oft

the paths passed down by Xueyis at least Considered validy "7

Those following the heretical Dhar
Although we may still learn fro:
of the mistakes to avoid. .

The Flame oF THe Rising PHoEnjx y

Omi-sama told me, after the Second Breath, to letgo.
of my mortal life. "You are dead," he saidy "to pretend
otherwise is foolishness." He might.well have been talking
about the Kuei-jin. following-the Flame of the Rising
Phoenix. These deluded souls cling to a life that is no
longer theirs in hépes of righting the karmic debts that
earned them a place among the Kuei-jin.. There is no way
they can further themselves in unlife when they are unable
to release the memories and learn the lessons of theit first
life. They are to be pitied, and questioned when the

Tht Longest War

The rumors of a prolonged shadow war between
Bone Flowers and the Exalted Jade Masks are true,
after a fashion. The battle has been raging in one form
or another since the fall of the Mongol Yuan dynasty
in China and the dawn of the Fifth Age. It is an
exaggeration to say that the entire Shadow Song
Dharma is at war with every west-facing Hollow Reed,
of course, but various luminaries of each faction have
taken up the battle at different times.

The shadow war began when the Japanese Jade
Mask Silent Blossom destroyed the ghost of a Chinese
general in 1372. The general had been murdered by
his aid centuries before and become a spirit of rage and
vengeance, terrorizing the Japanese Yin World. When
Silent Blossom ended its reign of terror, she did not
know that the ghost had a longstanding pact with the
Bone Flower mandarins of P'yong'yang in Korea.
Those necromancers immediately sought redress in
the Azure Dragon Court, but Silent Blossom refused
to apologize. Other Jade Masks backed her rationale
and other Japanese gaki supported her simply to put
the Koreans in their place. The necessary rituals were
performed, and a war in twilight began.

The Azure Dragon Court did not survive much
longer, in part because of the twilight war. Ironically,
that very fact helps keep the war alive. The ritual
conflict began under the auspices of the court, and
with its disintegration, there is no authority that can
formally and completely end it. Every few decades,
tensions grow between the factions and someone
announces that they will continue the unending war.
Inespecially dire times — like during the Opium Wars
— the battle becomes a no-holds-barred war at mid-
night, which lasts until some authority steps in to end
matters (fora time). Such luminaries as True Jade, the
west-facing diplomat of Rootless Tree legend, and the
Bone Flower sensei Kuro-sama have participated in
various salvoes in the ongoing war.

(See Shadow War for more on the process of

ritual combat. Details on Kuro-sama appear in Dharma
Book: Bone Flowers.)

natural allies if it were not for their equally strong fear of
becoming unbalanced, of experiencing that which theit
nature as Kuei-jin hasto offer them. Their path has merits,

but their exploration of the world is timid andweak.'They
are like'a man standing on'a mountain peak; balanced so
precariously he cannot step in any direction for fear of
"falling. They have not risen to thie heights I have risen to,

nor have they sunk to the depths I have known, and so,
they do not understand. Their state of calm makés for a
long, slow journey on the Road Back.

Tue Face or tHE Gops

These would-be Godlings aré another example of
attachment to a particular ideal leading to a twisted path.
They think to declare.themselves gods and therefore
becomefit to enter Heaven, when, in fact, their arrogance
is like a chain' weighing down their souls. My masks have
taught me how illusory such lives are. Although there may
come a time when I chose to take up the persona of a god,
I will also know there is a time for evena god to die. The
Godlings often learn that lesson only when the clays ofa

jin be ti an essential truth, that
the world of material things is on! ‘illusion. J However,
they have mistaken it for the diembrace the world
of spirit as reality, even thoughtit too is only an illusion?
Cerulean Veils cling to their traditions, ritual
following the advice of spirit masters and guides with the
zeal of the converted. They weave a complex web of

ceremonies and rites around'them that only binds them. ¥
They wrap themselves in a comforting blanket and i ignore i

the greater truths their way, hints at.

YuLANn=jjnN

We share a special bond withthe soul j jumy
both understand what itatieans to live a thousat
entlives; only for the Yulan-jin, it is often likely me
tragically — true. These'wretched souls, tornand. bat-
tered by the razor Winds of Yomi and thejtortures tl
suffeted there, no longer have the strength t toclaim the:
original bodies in the Second Breath. Instead, th
take bodies that are not theirs and hayeonly'a
hold on unlife in the Middle Kingdom. Although t
have been times when I have admired, even envied, a

Yulan-jin's ability to, truly take on another's life, Big

them their fate under Heaven, so often denied the time

needed to follow the Road Back and learn the lessons

each life has to teach them.

Hollow Reeds live each life as fully and com-
PE abou Only when a life'no longer offers us
any neW lessons do we seek to, embrace\the Dark Jadé
Lover and moye''on. Yulan-jin, however, do not always
have a choice: Their spirit is only partially rooted in the
body; So. when they become weak in spirit or suffer the
Little Death;-they must move on, regardless of their
wishes. Since the Process of seeking'a new body is often
nearly as terrible astheSecond Breath itself, clawing the
way-up from Yomi and'back ‘imto unlife, thé "Yulan-ji in
bear. many scars upon their souls, ‘

Sell, of all the Dharmas, our way speaks most strongly ,

to our r body-changing cousins. They immediately under-
stand the wisdom, of our way, where others)more rooted in

nd taboos;

ust |

the body, do nor. I have known Yulan-jin Hollow Reeds,

and they often have great insight, atleast until a traumatic
death flings them back into Hell and they rise in anew —
body, battered in spirit and weakened in faith. Still, those
Yulan-jimwho take care to guard their bodies and'prepare
can advance further on our path than any other.

In fact, it has been said that Yulan-jin have insights
into our Dharma that are denied us because of our attach-
ment to the body. I have heard stories of Hollow Reeds
wh@ have relinquished their bodies to become Yulan-jin,

~

YUuLaN-jjN ON THE PaTH

Although no Dharma is easy for the soul jumpers to
follow, the Path of a Thousand Whispers is the one

"| most compatible with their unique nature and prob-

lems. Yulan-jin already live different lives, so why, they
reason, should they not benefit from their unfortunate
state of being? The number of Yulan-jin on the path is
one of the things that make other Kuei-jin somewhat
wary of the Rootless Trees. One never knows if a
particular Rootless Tree is a true Kuei-jin or a Yulan-
jin, and the behavior of the Yulan-jin can be even more
erratic than the legendary eccentricity of the Wise
Centipedes.

A Yulan-jin does gain some slight benefit from
following the Path of a Thousand Whispers. All the
normal rules from the Kindred of the East Companion
apply to Hollow Reed Soul Jumpers. But if they are
permitted the opportunity to undergo one of the rites of
embracing the Dark Jade Lover (see p. 57), the Yulan-
jin do not suffer any loss of memory or Dharma for
changing bodies. However, this is only in cases where
a Hollow Reed would normally abandon a mask, once
it has taught all the lessons it can, and requires the
Yulan-jin abide in the same body for at least afew years
(taking great care not to be ousted before then). It does
not affect occasions when circumstance forces the soul
jumper to seek a new body; then they suffer the usual
effects.

There are even occasions when a Rootless Tree
might become a Yulan-jin, either because they have the
Tenacious Spirit Merit (see p. 51) or they choose to
undergo the Rite of Loosing the Spirit's Ties (see p.
54). A Wise Centipede who commits a particularly
egregious act of blindness (most likely one resulting in
the Little Death) may also become Yulan-jin. The
difficulty of existence as a soul jumper serves as karmic
payment for the crime. The later situation is purely up
to the Storyteller.

Whether or not Yulan-jin can ever become Kuei-
jin (or return to being Kuei-jin, if they once were) is a
matter also left up to the Storyteller. At the very least,
such a feat should involve a great quest, possibly a
powerful and secret ritual or the aid of enlightened

ings or bodhisattyas.

Thousano Wijspexs

most precious of tiesto hurl their spirits " For better or for worse, we walk the Road Back through the
Void. The very idea' is terrifying, which masses of hutnanity. We ‘can choose to hold on to the
me that itCan be a source of great insight, oe the _ illusions of the past, to lives that are no longer ours, or we
_fitesol the Dark Jade Lover. * can choose to throw ourselves into the tide and flow with
‘ There are also tales that claim a Yulan4 jin vation attains . it, to.see where it will'carry us? ~
_ sufficient enlightenment, along the path can cease its
wanderings and findia true home in the body, becoming. a eT 5
Wan Kueiv i ‘not khowanyone who claimstohavedone. ~~ : ‘are' wis invthe ways of the Yang
» this, and it may be nothing m as,

"gh Emerald Mother
enough ‘to

n,.to create life with you, m my! beloved:
ns take with me is that-we cannot

by virtue: arlene and, in particular, consider the
inspiration o} fourdivine path to becort . They fearthe
ming: f the Fifth Age and often see death in the form

Jnature, ‘they are also outcasts int e society of our kind.
% Part of both worlds, welcome in neither. »

Still, I have known Hollow Reeds willing to, de
thetime necessary to raise a dhampyr child. Manyo
havelmade some of the best. parents for these chi
since they are often motivated, by a'sincere' desire to ~
experience life as a parent, something that may have been to
denied them in their first life. It isa rare and fortunate Thi
dhampyr that has a caring Wan Kuei-parent, even though ‘learned to:
these Hollow Reeds 5 dis, a that lifebehind.and masks of the
Sever all ties with their offspring. Is it greater fortune to i
» have a éaring'parent that changes and leaves you behind
uncaring parent that S¢es you as nothing buta tool?

Morrais ann SHEN

1 ly, bur th their greates

teachfor th willis ea to learn, The
"rave wfolk of' ippon. secrets and
stand the ways of the spirit world. } awhile, the

our way of any of the hengeyokai tribes.
ssters of | ‘illusion d have therefore

- é } Sane world is illusion
e Wan Xian were Hee Bra the protection bend it to es and shape.

dance of mortals, overseeing the proper flow of Chi_ everworked with: SE ean tiiedjum. Thepowei
sightof,Heaven, Now, we are fallen from Our~ theyowield are:formidable ‘and ‘tertifyings

, and mortals are our prey, our victims and meltand flow li

‘yet, blame them for our shame'and.try to find'the Road iia of the Wi Keng, forit isunwise
Back in human suffering or joy),Lséehumansasthe blades good to be.ab call: upon, @ "se
of gtass that'make a field or the petals that make up-a..Dragon. Wizards and the others are
* flower. Individually, they are beautiful, but together, they. all | too-oftensthey consi¢ fa
create something even greater. Through a single mort useful tools in' "her worl

life, we can begin to understand; but by living a hundre:
lives, a thousand, we see the path laid out before us. Hisjen

OtherKuei-jin try to prune mortals like bonsai, mold- Others say we are unpredictable,
ing them into the shapes'and forms pleasing to the Kuei- but the hsien, the ancient keepers of the dragon ‘ests,
«jin in question. They want to punish the wicked, torewatd are chaos incarnate, Still, we do understand them in

the just, to. turn the. tide of humanity toward their way of ways other Sunset People do not. Thehsien wear masks -

thinking because they' See it as'their duty under Heaven. of mortality to walkin the Middle Kingdom,-much

‘But the duties of thé Wan Xian areno‘morejand thetide wedo, and. they follow. the turning of the' Wheel, ©

¢annot be turned, no hatter how often it is commanded. -teincarnating in new lives.

mt
¢

tof¢hangeand transfor-

kai are

‘inmy eres i y.seeVi irtually every situation :
as a battle to be won. They consider Wat Kuef' enemies, -

le, as we do; only. they A tie corisider >
heb eels people who P

id clever Kitsurie niné-tailed foxes come the closest

€ hot wax in. the presence of. j
‘our hope. Where others see mortals as nothing _ sorcerer. In-tiy experience, it i bést to avai
re than sources to feed their endless hunger (or;-worse their doings. [have ftom time e assisted the subtle


en hate us for the
sins of the Wan Xian, Who caused the August Personage
of Jade to:tarn his from the Middle Kingdom. They
jealously guard*the dragon nests against us, and some
consider it theif mandate to punish us for our sins.. Worse
yet,,some Kuei-jin, particularly the Devil-Tigets, hunt
hsien for the potent yugen'they contain. It is only through
the diplomacy of Wan Kuei like us (and a few others) that
the courts maintain any sort of peace with the hsien. Even
under the best of circumstanees, it is best to tread carefully
around these children of nature.

Spirits aNnp Guosts

Forall ourinterest in the Middle Kingdom and mortal
masks, we Hollow Reeds know the paths of the spirit world
well. The Bone Flowers may know more of the-Yin World
and the spirits of the ancestors, and the Thrashing Drag-
ons may dance with the spirits of the Yang World, but we
walk in both lands. We Speak with all the spirits. We do
not devote ourselves to either side, but see the wisdom of
both. Still, our path is through the Middle Kingdom, not
the spirit world, which isa place of extremes. Spending tod
much time there can be a distraction:

Ghosts in the Yin World

an be valuable sources of

Wisdom, and they greatly value the jade we bring to them:

But the more experi ntipede becomes, the
less attraction the spirit worlds, particularlythe Yin World,
hold, The Yellow Springs often hold'ties to formet lives,
things we have turned our backs upén. Traveling there
risks meeting one.of'thosé ghosts and awakening feelings
and connections best left dead. I tremble even now at the
thought of walking through the Dark Kingdom ofJade and
seeing you there, my love. Perhaps my sensei was tight in
telling mé to id staying overlong in the Yin World.
Likewise, the Yang World can become home to too many
discarded ‘and broken ties, although the shen of the Yang
World are longer lived and more strongly tiedeto our
shadow lives than any masks we wear.

Denon Hunters

We have long masked Gur presence from mortal eyes,
operating in the shadows and behind Searlet Screens. To
most mortals, we are nothing but legends or half-temem-
bered truths of a titne long past. I recall»you telling me
about the ghost stories and tales that frightened you as a
girl, not knowing then that you took a demon into your
bed, For that act, and many others, there are mortals who
would destroy us both, if they could: The problem. of the
matter is that it appears some mortals can.

There have been mortals whozhunt Kuei-jin and


Other shen since the Fourth Age. We have avoided their
notice when possible; fought to protect ourselves when
necessary. Because we take on mortal masks, Hollow
Reeds are more vulnerable than others should a hunter'
pierce our masks and discover our true nature. Even if we
escape their blades, our mortal persona lies shattered and
torn, Now there are'stories of mortal hunters like none
before, seeking us out with-great fervor and ferreting out
some of our secrets. This i is a. pec: time to wi
among mortals.

KIN=3jN

The demons of the West are a Cutigsity at ‘by to
Their ways ate foreign and strange, making them little'
more than'barbarians, crashing about and stumbling into:
things they do notunderstand/Still, warring againstthem:
is wasteful and pointless — they are a symptom of the
imbalance that plagues. the Middle Kingdom, not i
cause. Where they. violate our Jaw and custom, let t
Devil-Tigers and the Shining Iee Guardi i
out. But where the Kin-jin slink and keep to the shadows,
they are hardly wérth our attention. There are fat more _
dangerous foes for our warriors.to battle. and great
problems for our leaders and scholars to addréss.

The Resplendent Cranes support a crusade against
the'Kin-jin because they would like to lay the blame for
the imbalances in our lands at the feet of the foreigtidevils,
when, in fact, the truth lies much eloser to home. Still, it
is easier to attack'a collection of gaijinthan. it is to
tecognize the imbalance in one's own soul and correct it.
T have no quarrel with the Kin-jin, so long as they respect
‘our ways and do not threaten the balance any further. The
coming of the Sixth Age will sweep them away.like ants in
a flood. We should be more concerned ab earns uh,

own house against it. 4 =

Tt is said that the Yama Kings were among thé first:
servants of the: August Personage of Jade. If so, then™
they are a sign.of how far we may yet fall; and their.
servants are reminders to us that the distance is not as~<:
far as we like to think. Though we arethe Ten Thou-
sand Demons, we seek to remain'trué to the Mandate of
Heaven. Those who do not tisk falling ‘prey to cs lies
and promises of the Yama Kings.

They know us well, the lords.of Hell do. For wete we
not all their "guests" in Yomi once? We have all tasted oft
the Yama Kings' ministrations, and more}importantly,
they have tasted of oursouls and hunger formore. I believe
thesedark lords reserve their special interest in us because
we once belonged to them but fought our way back to the
Second Breath, cheating them of their prize. They are
willing to go toany lengths to recover what they have lost.

We should also, not forget that part of the'original
Heavenly Mandate ofthe Wan Xian was to battle against
the Yama Kings and protect the Middle Kingdom from

m Thousano Wuispers
their corruption. Certainly; the Yama Kings have not
forgotten and seek to further lure us away from our duty.
Onily by resisting their temptations can we find the Road
Back and achieve enlightenment.

Fortunately, the Yama Kings thrive onvdesire, while
the Wise Centipede understands that desire is at'the root
all | suffering. Strong ties to anything are chains binding
us down, chains a Yama King can seize
Be without desire, without connection to the
you place yourself. beyond the reach of the

ike the Buddha resting beneath are No
r what desire of his the demons of ‘Hell offered to
fulfill, be it pleasure or an end to pain, they found nothing
to bargain with. I follow. this example and) make emptiness
my: shield against their empty promises,

Those who sghicstetiuiate (or, perhaps, overesti-
stone of Yomi Wan become akuma: It is Surely
a sign of imbalance amorig the courts of the Middle
Kingdom that accusations of akuma have become so
=numero Not that so many Wan Kuei have fallen into
ite gtip of the Yama Kings, but that so thany mandarins

and ancestors see akumain every misdeed, every defiance

of old traditions and ways.

The word has taken on more-of a political meaning
than before,.a' means of branding an enemy or arival, even
‘an atnoyance, by placing her in league with our ancient
enemies and thus disgracing her before Kuei-ji i
truth, I fear that such accusations, create more than a few
true akuma, when disgraced Kuei-jinare left with nowhere
else to'turn but to the Yama Kings and little left to lose
from doing.so.

Of course; what akuma lost are their souls, Biven into

™<thegreedy grasp of tlie lords of Hell. Thotigh they may gain

in powef, what they lose is their opportunity to achieve
enlightenment and any hope of redemption in the eyes of
Heaven. Although I wish I could say that Wise Centi-
- pedéswere wise enough to not become akwma, the truth is
that we are as yulnerable to the temptations of ‘the Yama
Kings as any. The lordsof Hell know every-weakness there

exploit We protect ourselves with emptiness but
make ourselves vulnerable. through our thirst for new
experiences and the very balance called: for by our path,

». Some foolish Whispers have sought out the Yama
Kings in-orderto experience lives of power, indulgence or
even servitude, thinking that service to the lords of Yomi
Wanwas merely another mask they could puton and take
off as-they willed. They paltebenh they. could resist. the
temptations of the Yama Kingsand, insodding, strengthen
their spirit by tempering it in hellfire, or else they foolishly
underestimated the powét of the Yama Kings. Since they
escaped from the grip'of Hell once, could they not do so
again? They forgot that the Yama Kings are not so.willing
to lét a prize'slip away a second time: T know of no Wise
Centipede who has agreed to serve the Yama Kings who


Becomjng Nozopy

has not eventually fallen to their temptations. At best,
they risk being declared akuma and being driven into the
waiting hands of their new masters.

The other tragic occasion for Hollow Reeds bargain-
ing with the Yama Kings is the breaking of guanxi. The ties
that,bind a wu are powerful indeed, often the strongest we
accept in our unlives: Sometimes, those ties can imprison
us within'an unbalanced wu. Although petitioning an
ancestor can break the unwanted ties, pride sometimes
leads a Whisper to deal with the matter alone: Such poor
fools petition a Yama King for the power to break their
guanxi and show-their wu the error of their ways. Such a
petition is nearly always granted, with the Yama King
encouraging the unwise Centipede to heed the admoni-
tions of the eighth tenet and destroy the wie usually by
giving their souls into the grip of Yomi. ~~

To seek to restore balance through greater Eababnke
isa difficult road to walk. Tenichi of the White Crane wu
stepped onto this path, réalizing #60 late whathe'd done.
After his ties to the White Crane wete broken, Tenichi
committed seppuku in front of his former wu-mates by
Facing the Eye of Heaven, seeking to spare from thé
grasp of the Yama Kings. His death was judged auspicious
and worthy, and the White Crane wu corrected the
imbalance Tenichi showed them, goingon to become well
known in Nippon.

Most Kuei-jin who fall into the clutches of the Yama_
Kings never realize their mistake. The Jade Ancestor of
Changan at the end of the Ming dynasty, whose name is
stricken from the annals of the Wan Kuei, was akuma in
service to the Yama Queen Tou Mu. He was once-consid-
ered a great master of our path, and the balance and
harmony of his court anvinspiration to,all Hollow Reeds.
Then his true allegiance was revealed, and the balance'of
the Jade Court was shown to be a clever mask. Did the

luminaries of the Jade Cotitt believe they served the —

greater good by bargainingswith the Yama Queen? Did
they believe the only way the corrupt and fallen could find
balance was through the power of Hell? Unfortunately, we
may never know. ‘

Auspjcjous Wu

Still, not all Hollow Reeds are so infamous, my loye.
Many of us have left a worthy legacy, and the histories of
my Dharma speak of numerous auspicious corpse families:
These feware only a humble sample of the manythatcome
to raid aahoy I consider the manifold ways my path
touches on the Fivefold Way, the valuable role we serve
and the lesson. of neglecting our duties.

Tue Five-Perar-Lotus

The Five-Petal Lotus wu}sestablished in the Jade
Court of China wellover 300 yearS.ago, was something of
an. experiment at the time. Whetherit was successful or
not remains to be seen. The wu consisted entirely of Wan
Kuei following the Path of a Thousand\Whispers, one


‘Thewww's teacher and mentor, the Hollow eed
bodhisattva Marble Gong, encouraged the members6f the'
wu to explore their path with each other's aid, learning
from their different.insights and experiences through the
Broken-Mask Technique.

lam told the wu maintained a fine toh somewhere.
within the Jade Court whe
rites of the DarkJade Lover!
0 ing those lives and moving on

~ to new ones. The: shated experience did seem to enhance |

came ‘known for their. wisdom: and'
¥ fren served as emissaries of the eer
uughout the MiddleKingdom: )
lealings with the Beast Courts of Ghi gt fell
er conflict over the dragon. nests, the Five-
Petal Lotus wu expressed its displeasure with,the ances-
‘tors of the August Courts in the only way it could. The
~ members of the wu invited a small number of friends
and prominent anéestors to.a ceremony where they all
Faced the Eye of Heaven. After they read their death-
poems (words spoken of highly by Hollow Réeds to this
day), the'sun rose-and the Kuei-jin of the wu ‘rotted
away to dust blowing on the wind. It is said that their
spirits still wander the spirit: world, waiting*for an
auspicious time to return. I hope that it is soon, because
the August Courts'could use their guidance.

Tue Laucuing Masks

The Laughing Masks wu employs something more

: Kueijin could usé to their benefit? humor.-Made up of
‘Kuei-jin following the Thrashing Dragon and Thow-
‘sand Whispers Dharmas, the"wu. disguises iself-as~a
trou Wandering actors andperformers. They travel
through the Golden Courts but" have. visited
ery court in the Middle Kingdom at See

os ind shen alike, literally wearirig many different' |
masks in the course of a single night. I chanced.to seé |
‘one of their performances during my.time in Bangkok,
andnever have | laughed so hard; before orsince: A part
of the hum@r of the Laughing Masks is their subtle
mocking of the stiff and rigid ways of many courts,
particularly the Quincunx, which doés not earn them
the admiration of the ancestors of the August Courts.
Some mutter that their mockery smacks of akuma,
but that initself is part of the joke: ancestors moved
to such anger. by a group of clowns.
Of late, the Laughing Masks have taken their
"performance to wider venues, visiting cities in the
West. They may simply be drawn to the diyerse
audience offeted by places like San Francisco or New
Orleans — places I have heard the call of myself..Or

&
Beconmng Nosopy

» it may be true what they say, that the Laughing Masks
* ultimately serve the will of the Courts of the Middle

~~ Kingdoms by carrying the Great Leap Outward with
them, gathering information and striking at the Kin-jin
| in-most unexpécted ways. The unexpected, after all, is
i their stock in trade.

The Guasting Dragon
The Gnashing Dragon twu is a lesson in tragedy for us
all, particularly followers of my path. Inauspicious from
tart, the wu formed from a group of seven Kuei-
gust Courts, including two Hollow Reeds.
Reeds took it upon themselves to help bal-
ia ancé th wu but did not understand the subtleties of
balance even within themselves. They quickly began to
gree lendent Crane, Far Lau, on how
jbest to govern the wu, so they chained him and buried him
‘ in the earth. Then, to conceal their crime and compound
kK: their error, the two turned to the Yama Kings for aid,
which the lords of Yomi Wan were only too pleased to
grant. Before the ancestors in Beijing discovered'the truth
and the akuma Hollow Reeds were executed, they had
already delivered thé souls of the rest of their wu into the
hands of the Yama Kings. The example of the Gnashing
_Dragonisa lesson to us all in the dangers of arrogance and
‘the néed for humility in the face of imbalance.

-. On THe Courrs oF THE
 AMjppie Kingpom

Th my time since' taking the Second Breath, I have
led far from the place'where I died to see the many
4 ds of the Middle Kingdom, and I have visited the many
courts, seeing wonders and horrors I could not have
imagined i in my first life. have worn mortal masks in other
lands as well, gaining an appreciation for the people of
those places that I lacked in life. Finally, I have learned
‘from others and my own experience how those of my
‘ Dharma fare throughout the Middle Kingdom and what
\ things we have to be' wary of in the courts.

The ‘Five Aucust Courts oF THE
QUINCUNX

Many would not expect to find us in the'traditional
and somewhat rigid Blood Court of Beijing, but followers
of my-Dharma are well known there as judges, mediators
nd keepers of ancient ritual andlore. Hollow Reeds of the
north ditection are found in Beijing serving on the Re-
vered Tribunal ofthe August Personage, helping settle
. "disputes between Kuei¢jin throughout the Middle King-
dom, Their wisdom in the ways of making and wearing
masks also aids the court irvscreening itself from the
10rtak authorities, particularly since the rise of Commu-
ina. Many of the envoys sent out by the Blood
farthest corners of the Middle Kingdom are

41

followers of the Path of a Thousand Whispers, wise in the
secret ways and roads between the courts.

The Blood Court also holds a‘great many Wise
Centipede ritualists who together maintain a vast body
of ancient lore'and knowledge of rituals passed down
from the Age of Legends. A number of wu in the court
specialize in ritual and study of ancient lore, like the
Hundred Shadows wu, led by a revered Hollow Reed
ancestor of the Exaltéd Jade Masks. Only the Bone Court
has more Hollow Reed) sorcerers among its numbers.
These wu are truly devoted to gaining knowledge, per-
haps too devoted according to some, who wonder about
the source of some of their lore. I saw no signs of akuma
among the Wise Centipedes of the Blood Court, but any
agent of the Yama Kings would have to be well concealed
indeed to walk there.

The Flesh Court of Shanghai-is not a place that
welcomes gaki such as myself, given its recently history.
Shanghai was embroiled in a battle between the largely
Chinese Kuei-jin' of the Flesh Court and Nipponese
akuma who invaded the city along with the Nipponese
army in 1937. Nipponese Kuei-jin show their faces in
Shanghai only if they are willing to tisk death at the
hands of Flesh Court warriors more inclined-to attack
first and question later. Still, the Flesh Court is home to
some Wise Centipedes, particularly those with skill in
hunting down akuma, and the Ministry of the Scarlet
Vessel draws the attention of the Dancing Peacocks.
Hollow Reeds of the east direction are skilled in moving
through mortal society to acquire the "lost" mortals the
Ministry uses to replenish its stocks of Chi.

The Flame. Court of Hong Kong is likewise em-
battled, but the struggles is not between Kuei-jin (at
least, not that the ancestors would admit), but between
Kuei-jin and the gaijin Kin-jin for control of the city. Wu
loyal to the Five August Courts ‘struggle with Kin-jinand
their allies among the Righteous Devils of Kowloon, as
well as the city's hengeyokai, who seek to control Hong
Kong's remaining dragon nests. Hong Kong is a place of
great activity, with more in the future as the Great Leap
Outward extends our-reach into the lands of the West.
Hollow Reeds of my acquaintance consider Hong Kong
quite interesting — in thesense of the old Chinese curse.
The Heaven and Earth wu, madeé up entirely of Wise
Centipedes, one from each ditéction, works in Hong
Kong to bring the Righteous Devils back into the fold of
the courts and, rumor has it, use their mortal. masks to
subtly influence the Kin-jin and the city,

The Bone Court of Chongging is a place of learning
and study, drawing the attention of all Hollow Reeds, not
just those of the western direction (although the Exalted
Jade Masks are most in,evidence here). I journeyed to
Chongqing years ago study among the scholars thete,
many of them followers of the Song of the Shadow
Dharma. | foundtheir scholarship masterful and learned a
great deal inthe isolation of their. temples. However I
found the Bone Court too insular for my tastes.

42

The followers of my ‘own Dharma there, while wise in
ancient | lore and ritual, did not always deyote much time

Thousanp

who partake of the modern,world too much, thinking us
Genji sympathizers, when, in fact, we only follow the

to their mortal masks or lived lives of contemplation and ee teachings of our way.

solitude, hardly what I would call changing. greatly from'
one breath to'the next: :

Finally, the Jade Court of Changan. Thisis the August
Court most closely associated with Hollow Reeds

it serves much' the same:role as Kuei-jin of the center.

direction, working to bi
serving as a place of lez
is home-to the Sages‘

othe other courts while
bout ancient traditi

the Fivefold Way, bodhisatty:

that study the teachings of Grand Arhat Xue, seeking

further insight into his wisdom. The Sages and other great
Kuei-jin teachers make the Jade Court a place where even'
mandarins‘and ancestors:come to seek advice.

There:are also many in the Jade! Court — certain i
Hollow Reeds in particular — devoted.to the ideal of

maintaining, of enforcing, Balance throughout the courts
and the Middle Kingdom. Wilike the Tears of Heavet
and the Righteous Balance Society take it upon them-
selves to follow Xue's tenets regarding equilibrium, aiding

other Kuei-jin in attaining it, orensuring that those things.

that cannot be balanced are destroyed and not allowed
lead to further imbalance. Their devotion' to this task
approaches the fanatical.

The Uy or Nippon te

The gaki of Nippon I know well,.of course, and the
Thousand Whispers Dharma has long been-strong here
among the uji. The Bunraku, Hollow Reeds of the north
direction, are_prominent-in Nippon, and it is from here
that they take their name. Hakari, the former Ancestor of
Tokyo, is of their number, as are othérs of the elder gaki of
House Bishamon. Their stern judgement and deyotion'to
balance led to the purge of Housé Genji during the Yearof
Black Kites. The Bishamon languished in exile during the
rule of House Genji and the Court of the Azure Dragon,
but this permitted the Rootless Trees of the house-to
assume a number of mortal masks. Concealing themselves
under the very noses of theirnewoverlords, they gathered
information for the other members of their house. This
intelligence was the undoing of the Genji when the
Bishamon returned.

In Nippon, as elsewhere in the: Middle Kingdom, the
struggle is between the old ways and the new, Western-
influenced ways that have come to the land. The struggle
is particularly pronounced in Nippon, as the resurgent

House Genji and the zaibatsu strengthen the hold that'

new ideas and new ways have on the young, even on the
gaki who have taken the Second Breath in recent years.
The Genji ally themselves'with the Kin-jin, which only
further angers the traditionalistsamong the Bishamon. In
the midst of the conflict, Wise Centipedes find them-
selves confronted with a choice: Seek new masks among
the every-changing'mortal society or*withdraw from it,
ignoring the tenets of the. path. by limiting our experi-
ences. The Bunraku cast a jaundiced eye on those of us

The Green Courrs re

Inmy travels, [have visited the Green Courts ofKorea

and found them to bea place welcoming to followers of the

‘Thousand Whispers, if nota place where I wished to abide
forlong: The independence of the Green Courts and their
ong interest in accumulating and working jade, attracts

¢ Hollow Reeds, particularly artisans and sorcerers
iterested in the secrets of the Yin World. Some of the
Green Court's greatest jade workers, such as Soon Pak, are
‘followers of the Path of a. Thousand Whispers, as are
master sorcerers such as Cho Sen Hoof the Splendid Fire
wu. The Parallel Path the court uses to quietly hide away
any Kuei-jin (or Kin-jin, for that matter) with the ability
fo pay is tended by Hollow Reeds wearing any number of

‘mortal masks, allowing them to move unseen through
"mortal society.

Sti

the Green Courts are strongly dominated by the

followers of the Song of the Shadow Dharma and strongly
aligned with the Yin World, which keeps them from being
~ truly balanced. Their secrecy and shadows do not allow

them to experience life as we do, but give them the quiet
and solitude they need to study the secrets of the dead.
Sorcerers in the Green Courts are often master necroman-
Cets, and it is little wonder that the Hollow Reeds of the
western direction, the Exalted Jade Masks, are often found
in this court. They seek to redress ancient.imbalances
through the guidance of the spirits and work to keep the
Green' Courts a neutral place in the Middle Kingdom;
believing: it vital to the courts' continued. well-being.
They walk side by-side with Bone Flower necromancers,
each eyeing the other; ready for battle.

One‘6f the balances most gravely threatened within
the Green Cotitts is the peace they have-enjoyed thus far
with the hengeyokai and the other shen of their land. The
Coutts' increasing need for jade, the source of their power
and influence, has led to the sacking of more dragon nests
guarded by thé beast-folk, who growangry over the actions
of the Kuei-jin. Emissaries of peace and negotiation sent
by the ancestors-have been met with cold disdain at best.
Others: never return but give the answer of the Beast
Courts clearly nonetheless. Calls from among the Exalted
Jade'Masks to limit the mining of jade have been ignored.
I believe it isonly a matter of time before this unbalanced
behavior leads to war among the shen of Korea.

The Goipen Courts

In contrast to the shadows and silence of the Green
Courts, the Golden Coiirts are places of riotous colors,
energy, actiyity and plentiful amountsiof blood. As strong
in Yang as the Green Courts are in Yin, the Golden Coutts
are dominated by female Kuei-jin, mostly of the Thrash-
ing Dragon and Devil-Tiger Dharmas, mistresses of Flesh
and Jade Shintai. Hollow Reeds tend to be rare in the

Brconing Nozopy

carnival atmosphere and savage wilderness of the jungle
courts, but my Dharma is known here as it is throughout
the Middle Kingdom. Wise Centipedes often come to the
Golden Courts as emissaries of the other courts, particu-
larly the August Courts of the Quincunx. We also visitthe
Golden Courtsas travelers, seeking new places to establish
lives,and the dazzling variety of the region offers a tanta-
lizing menu of choices indeed.

The Golden Courts have their native Kuei-jin follow-
ing the Path of a Thousand Whispers as well. AsJ have
mentioned, the Dancing Peacocks, Hollow Reeds of the
eastern direction, are most often given the duty of
shepherding the mortal herds in the landsof thepenangallan,
the queens of the Golden Courts) Their devotion to
balance and to the needs of their mortal charges help to

temper some of the wild excesses of the other Kuei-jinof

the'courts. This dedication also permits them to keep
watch for signs of akuma in the jungles, whom the
penangallan root out with ruthless efficiencys-The Pea-
cocks are particularly influential in Thailand, where they
often use various nightclubs and flesh-pots as Scarlet
Screens to serve the needs of their wu and the courts.

The juryjte THunpers Courr

Often called the Court of Infinite Tears inthe Golden
Courts, the Infinite Thunders Court of Sri Lanka isa place

of both great sadness and great opportunity for followers of -

my Dharma. Opportunity because it, more than any other

court in the Middle Kingdom, is strongly tied to mortal life

and an‘ understanding of it. Hollow Reeds there find
means of exploring their masks in new ways and gaining
new understanding. Sadness because the court's love for
life leads to obsession and an inability to sever ties when

the time comes to move on. It is little wonder that the
heretical Flame of the Rising Phoenix Dharma is among _~
the strongest here; Indian Ktei-jin cling to the lives they

once led, trying to restore them to balance, without
understanding the need to walk forward along the path
without looking back.

My sensei spoke of the Infinite Thunders: Court in
disdainful terms, saying it was a place whete Wise Centi-
pedes and followers of other Dharmas could easily lose
their way and be drawn into a web of hopes and dreams as
dangerous as any spider's. Having walked the dusty streets
of Colombo and having spoken to the Kueiin living in
that land, [can agreeon the danger, but must also say that
I found the experience educational.

[recall a conversation with Prachak, a follower of
the Flame of the Rising Phoenix who fought his way back

ESE LN

‘Second Breath? Wasii't it by definition cut

to arike for his family. He convinced his ‘elation t
he was not truly dead, only in a ‘coma, and he de
himself to helping his family in unlifé. We discus:
compared our paths, and Prachak asked.
Broken Mask Technique.

"You speak of experiéneing all that
offer," he said, "but- what of your first

you fulfillment, driving you to fight your way out of Hel
to return to it? You did not experience
from thatlife, andyet youhave discarded i it
that are not yours." I tried to-exp!
of leaving masks behind, eventh
life, I think there may gas snethate be

site. greatest
change to cde to the Middle Kin 1 many years is
the Great Leap Outward, It is the ate 4
punish the Kin-jin for years of Western oppre \
own lands, as if metelybeing one of the' Western dem:

was not punishment en

‘support the Great Leap ave the opportunity to
see other lands be ¢ ly, our knowledge of |
masks and | how to Pa tal society has been

in to spread farther
ah don: notknow

That is why my next
This place is too filled wit after
embrace the Dark le and pari touch: to take
them from me. That I go to the West: and see

for myself how the mos
in their homeland and find out ifthey areas barbatic asI
have heard and seen in the Middle Kingdoms}will live my
next life far fromthese islands»and I may not see them |
again for many year: othing else, this writing has »
shown me how little, I truly-know:and how much more
there is to learn] will touch wath tothe flame and ~
set my spirit free to embrace death'once more.
Farewell.

%



:
,

45

WEARTNG
THE MASK

When you are deluded and full of doubt, even a thousand
words of scripture are not enough.

When you have realized understanding, even one word is

too much.
— Fen-Yang

Piayjng THe Broken Mask.

The followers of the Path of a Thousand Whispers are

"some of the most unusual characters in Kindred of the

East. They adopt different lives and different viewpoints,
then abandon them, all while maintaining their balance
and detachment. This can be a real juggling act for a
player, but it can also be very effective and rewarding
when it's done right.

Fortunately, players in a storytelling game have
something of an advantage in understanding the Whis-
pers. After all, we take on different roles ourselves, keep
our fantasy lives separate from our real lives and still
occasionally learn a thing or two from those fantasy
experiences. Hollow Reeds carry roleplaying to a level
even the most skilled method actor can scarcely imag-
ine. They immerse themselves totally in their artificial
lives, until they become entirely real to them. "Wear
the mask until it becomes your face," the elders of the
Dharma say. The more real the experience, the more
the Kuei-jin can learn from it. So, how do you play a
character like that?

Discengnare Between High ann Low

Hollow Reeds have what they refer to as "greater" and
"lesser" masks they wear. A greater mask is a fully realized

A

false life, a true alter-ego. This mask has a job, a home,
friends, perhaps even a family, all of which the vampire
must dedicate time and effort to. The mask has. a complete
history associated with it, and the longer the Kuei-jin
wears it, the more significant emotions also become asso-
ciated with it. A greater mask takes a great deal of time and
effort to wear, so Hollow Reeds usually only have one at a
time. Many spend the majority of their time wearing the
mask, living a false life, and occasionally slip out of the
mask to feed, attend to other matters in the shadow world
of the Kuei-jin or adopt a lesser mask for a short while.

Lesser masks are simpler false identities Rootless Trees
put on fora while and taken off just as easily. They're more
akin to disguises and usually quite different from the
greater mask, allowing the vampire to experience some
contrast. For example, a Hollow Reed who normally wears
the greater mask of a businesswoman in Hong Kong might
maintain lesser masks as a high-priced prostitute, a home-
less person and a teenaged schoolgirl. From time to time,
she can slip away fora night and experience another facet
of life in the city before returning to her greater mask.
Lesser masks sometimes serve a political purpose, such as
spying or influence within a Scarlet Screen, but they exist
primarily to provide diverse experiences.

Starr SjMPLe

When choosing identities for your character, keep in
mind that Hollow Reeds rarely have more than three,
maybe four different masks at a time, and most of those
are lesser masks rather than fully realized false lives. It's
important not to go crazy, creating a dozen or more false
lives for the Whisper character at once. Such a flurry of
experiences only makes your playing experience more
taxing and distracts the vampire from real opportunities
to learn. Hollow Reed elders often have to deal with
Running Monkeys who go overboard at first, trying to
sample everything like a starving man at an all-you-can-
eat buffet. They end up stuffed and ill (Dharmically
speaking) when they should be sampling a few dishes and
savoring the experience before moving on. Trying to
wear too many masks at once can constitute an act of
blindness for a Wise Centipede; she's simply too scat-
tered to focus on her path.

This is a good thing, since focusing too much on the
Whisper's many and varied lives can begin to wear on the
Storyteller and the other players. A character's masks
should serve toadd to the story rather than detract from it.
They don't exist to put the Rootless Tree center stage to
act outa life that has nothing to do with the rest of the wu.
That's suitable material for a one-on-one game, but not
the makings of an exciting Kindred of the East story.

Making THe Masrs

Itused to be creating a false identity was fairly simple
matter of a new appearance and some forged documents,
along with moving to a new area. In the modern world,
however, the Thousand Whispers face greater challenges
in establishing false lives for themselves. Consider the
following in-game factors when creating a new mask for a
Hollow Reed character (or more properly, when she
creates one for herself):

¢ Appearance: Hollow Reeds usually take the term
"mask" literally and change their appearance from one life
to the next. This may be through the use of disguise and
mundane applications of makeup and wigs, or it may
involve the use of Disciplines like Flesh Shintai or rites
like Assume the Greater Mask (see p. 55). Generally,
Whispers start out with simple techniques of disguise
(acting and makeup) and progress to more sophisticated
ones, allowing them to take on very diverse lives.

© Documentation: The modem world is largely driven
by paperwork, so any mask that has to interact with the
modern world (rather than living in an isolated place like
a monastery) needs certain documents to make it "real."
Abilities like Computer, Streetwise and Subterfuge are
useful in forging records and acquiring false documents.
Backgrounds like Allies, Influence and Resources also
help grease the wheels of the modern information ma-
chine. Several Hollow Reeds maintain Scarlet Screens
dedicated to creating new false identities, so the Story-
teller can make the process of acquiring new documenta-

Thousann Wuispens

tion as easy or as difficult as the story requires. Using the
services of the such a screen entails become indebted to its
master, of course.

© Sunlight: They may wear many masks, but Wise
Centipedes still have to deal with the limitations of their
unliving form, notably their vulnerability to sunlight and
the condition of their corpse. Whispers choose masks that
can be active only by night (or sheltered indoors from
sunlight during the day) without arousing suspicion. They
may work the night shift or pretend to work from home
during the day (allowing them to go out at night). Identi-
ties lacking sufficient reason for being active only at night
tend to be relegated to lesser masks, since they aren't often
worn for more than one night.

© The Blush of Life: While wearing a mortal mask,
vampires animate their body using Yang Chi to maintain
the appearance of life. Whispers use Yin Chi when they
know they are unlikely to interact with mortals for long
periods, when dealing with fellow Kuei-jin or when they
wish to feign a serious illness. Since Yang Chi burns
through the body so quickly by comparison, Whispers
maintaining their mask in public for extended periods of
time must feed more often, potentially endangering their
mortal identity. For this reason, Hollow Reeds try and
balance their interaction with the mortal world with
solitude and time spent among their own kind.

Brearjng O1p Tjes

Hollow Reeds sever the ties of their former masks,
setting them aside so they can continue on the path. This
means most experienced Whispers aren't plagued by end-
less loose ends from half-finished and abandoned lives.
Storytellers can certainly introduce elements of a Wise
Centipede's previous masks to provide conflict and drama
in a story, but there's generally no need to worry about
them cropping up at random. Hollow Reeds are very
focused on the present and avoid being encumbered by the
past, since it only holds them back.

The Storyteller can get some drama out of the Hollow
Reed having to sever the ties of his present live in order to
undergo the rites of Embracing the Dark Jade Lover,
especially if some of those ties have been built up in play.
Once a mask has been set aside, players should focus on

their characters' current masks rather than clinging to one
that's finished.

Majnrajnjng Tes

On the other hand, players running Rootless Trees
should keep other characters and the chronicle in mind
when they choose their characters' lives. Work with the
Storyteller to create a mask that's well suited to the story
and won't just be a distraction from it. For example, in a
chronicle set in Hong Kong, a Whisper following the life
of a police officer is perfectly suitable and offers plenty of
potential story hooks. Likewise, a fisherman, rickshaw
driver, business executive and even a street thug integrate

Wears, rie Mase,

well into the setting. However, a Rootless Tree who wants
to experience life as a rice farmer isn't going to find many
places to do so in Hong Kong, and the Storyteller is
perfectly within her rights to suggest that the player come
up with another idea.

The Hollow Reed character also generally maintains
the ties established in her unlife, including connections
to her wu (and fellow characters). One of the duties of
the path is keeping things in balance, so Rootless Trees
should not be too quick to ignore the rest of the world.
Only truly advanced followers of the Dharma break all
ties with Kuei-jin society to become hermits. The en-
lightenment needed to embark on such asolitary journey
takes a long time to achieve, and the character must be
able to perform the rite of the Way of the Lone Walker.
Since it's up to the player when this happens, it shouldn't
cause a problem in the chronicle, and it provides a
graceful means for an experienced Thousand Whispers
character to leave a chronicle, if desired.

Sernng Aspe THe Masr

An important issue for Hollow Reed characters is

knowing when to end a particular mask and undergo the —

appropriate rite of the Dark Jade Lover to begin anew.
Their Dharma admonishes Hollow Reeds to live each life
fully, a process that takes years at least, if not an entire

There's no game system for ae when a life is
complete. The player and the Storyteller should collabo-
rate todecide on the right time. As ageneral rule ofthumb,
the end of a life is heralded by an auspicious occasion
related solely to that mask (rather than to the Ku

unlife). This is the particular wisdom the character is.
supposed to learn from that life. Some lives don't have an
auspicious occasion; Whispers live many lifetimes with-
out experiencing a moment of satori through thei ks.
Or the moment of satori may only come lat

Kuei-jin has ended that life and looks bi

the opportunity to undergo the ritual ofshedding mask
at least once during the chronicle. This gives the charac-
ter a few established lives to start with that can be built
up, experienced during the chronicle, then ended.


Storytellers should take the opportunity to work the
Whispet's rites of the Dark Jade Lover into the chronicle,
either as a sub-plot ima larger story or as a solo story for
the Hollow Reed's player.

Majntajning Batance

The Path of a Thousand Whispers emphasizes ak
ance as its greatest virtue, and Hollow Reeds are expected
to maintain a state of balance. Part of this is achieved by
keeping the character's virtues in relative equilibrium (see
"Direction and Chi Balance," p. 49), but it is also a matter
of behavior. This can be a tricky roleplaying challenge
compared to following the relative extremes of the other
Dharmas. The key is not to become too obsessed with
maintaining an exact balance. Like many things about
Dharmas, it is easier to explain what "balance" is not in
terms of the Thousand Whispers.

It is not avoiding all extremes of behavior in favor of
Zen-like calm and detachment (which is more the ideal
espoused by the heretical Tempest of Inward Focus
Dharma). On the contrary, Hollow Reeds are expected to
experience widely divergent emotions and to go to ex-

always return to the center afterward.

So, a Rootless Tree might indulge ina period of wild,
sybaritic indulgence and cruelty, only to then turn around
and devote herself to an ascetic time of service and
kindness. It's this sort of behavior that gives the Whis-
pers their reputation for odd and unpredictable behavior.
To the outsider (particularly another Kuei-jin devoted
to a Dharma focused on a single virtue), their behavior

makes no sense. But there is a method behind the

apparent madness,

Maintaining their balance does not require a Hol-
low Reed to ignore all other considerations. Your Thou-
sand Whispers character doesn't have to do things that
are going to upset the balance of the wu or the other
characters (remember, maintain balance onall levels).
Try and keep your character's devotion to balance

interesting without disrupting the flow of the game;

don't simply go off and do something random and
explain it as "balance."

It's also not necessary to micro-manage a Whisper's
equilibrium. Every single act doesn't have to provoke
an immediate counter-reaction. Some Rootless Trees
engage ina particular type of behavior for years, even an
entire mortal lifetime, before the pendulum swings
back the other way and they spend another lifetime
seeking to balance out the first. It's best if the Hollow
Reed's "mood swings" are kept under control, otherwise
you may find wu-mates unwilling to tolerate your char-
acter for very long.

Or pethaps the:
tremes. But they doso inall directions, not just cultivating —

a single virtue like righteousness or deviltry, and they —

ters follow the same rules
as other Kuei-jin but have particular considerations

during character creation.

Concepts

The Thousand Whispers Dharma is suited to a wide
‘range of character concepts. Give some thought to what
events (and failings) in the character's life led her to
choose the Thousand Whispers as her Dharma. All Kuei-
jin have some reason their souls were cast into Hell and
some strong reason that led them to fight their way out and
take the Second Breath. These things can be strong
motivators when it comes to choosing a Dharma.

It may be that the Kuei-jin was extremely focused on
one thing in her mortal lifetime, neglectingother duties and
concerns, Now the Se Breath has opened her eyes toa
wider world and an. portunity to experience new things.
r ‘was scattered and unfocused on her
mortal life. She still wishes to follow her interest in diverse
things, but tempered by the discipline and deeper under-
standing — and the ability to leave things behind — that
comes with the Broken Mask Technique.

The character concept has to take into account the
Rootless Tree's former (mortal) life, his unlife among the
Kuei-jin and the current masks he wears. For example, a
Rootless Tree may have been a criminal in his mortal
lifetime, committing terrible sins against humanity. Fol-
lowing the Second Breath, he sees the opportunity to
atone for his crimes and balance the karmic scales, so he
takes on the mask of a charity worker, giving aid to the

_ homeless and unfortunate. But he also maintains lesser
-masks as both a dealer at a high-priced casino and a

gardener at a Buddhist temple.
The variety offered by the Path of a Thousand Whis-

single Hollow Reed characte

and see what you come up
with. In their time, the Wise Centipedes can be as ruthless
as the Devil-Tigers and as virtuous as the Resplendent
Cranes. They partake ofa little ofeverything from the other
Dharmas while seeking to keep everything balanced within.

Sampie Cuaracrern Concerts

Hollow Reeds can take on nearly any mask, live nearly
any life in their thousand lifetimes. Butthey are often drawn
to masks that allow them a great deal of personal freedom,
opportunities for travel and the chance to balance their
shadow lives against the mask they wear. The following are
some concepts common to the Thousand Whispers.

Marna: Aanst
"Know your enemy as

always be victorious," said
brace this philosophy as

Kuei-jin) nature and their ability to do whatever needs
to be done. Many Wise Centipedes follow (
flict, seeking to master a particular fi
serves as a metaphor for other wisdon
a life. Such Kuei-jin often find work as mercenaries, and
lived as ronin and wandering warriors in days past. Now

they more often fight in the jungles of Se for

one cause or another.

PERFORMER
Life is definitely a stage for Hollow Reeds, and what
better way to express that than by taking on the mask of

a performer? The Whispers' training and experience i in ®

wearing masks makes them skilled jactors, dancers
ers and other types of e arti:

nas often work nights
Some Hollow Rea foll

and-roll stage. Such. mas!
leaving their fans to build up legends around them ee
their mysterious demises.

TEACHER

With their desire to help others find balance and
understand what is at the heart of their beliefs, Wise
Centipedes often find themselves in the roles of teachers
and mentors. They find newly returned Kuei-jin and help
them to overcome their Demons and understand their
new state of unlife. They also adopt mortal masks that
permit them to teach, from sensei of martial arts dojos to
university professors. Hollow Reeds pop up in places of
learning throughout the Middle Kingdom, and the truly
wise never forget that the teacher is also the student.

Wanperer
The nature of their path often draws Whispers to the
fringes of mortal society, where social roles and mores
break down and even mortal masks crack around the
edges. The personas of drifters, homeless people and
nameless wanderers are all useful to them. These are
invisible people, ignored by the rest of society, allowing
Kuei-jin a unique vantage point to watch and learn from.
They also offer a ready source of Chi. Afterall, who's likely
to notice one more or less homeless person in an alley?

Djrectjon anp Cxj Batance

Direction has a strong influence on Hollow Reeds
because it colors their views on the equilibrium at the core
of their path and how best to achieve and maintain it. The
"Becoming Nobody" chapter offers insights into the dif-
ferent directions from a Thousand Whispets point of view

aN

Taxing a New Name

Many Kuei-jin, particularly on the Path of a
Thousand Whispers, choose to take a new name after
the Second Breath, making a clear break between
their first life and their existence as one of the Hungry'
Dead. This is traditionally done when the vampire
becomes a disciple, through the rite to Embrace the
Spirit's Change (see Kindred of the East, p. 130). As
the Kuei-jin advances along his Dharmic path, he may
adopt other names to represent changes in personal-
ity, temperament and status in Kuei-jin society. Hol-
low Reeds tend to name themselves after particularly
| auspicious objects or omens rather than taking on
mortal names (which are reserved for the masks they
wear). Thus, there are renowned Wise Centipedes
named True Jade and Marble Gong.

ctions associated with the cardinal
but a Whispers character doesn't
specific sub-culture associated with
iews are likely to shape his own,
however, especially duringhis early trainingandkéastage.

__ A Hollow Reed's direction also influences the sort of

masks he is likely to take on and, to some degree, the

character's relationship with Kuei-jin society.

Balance between the various virtues is another im-
portant factor to Rootless Trees. Most of them seek
balance between their Yin and Yang virtues, but not all
of them achieve it. Hollow Reeds of the east are often
balanced toward Yang, while those of the west are often
balanced toward Yin. Even then, they take care not to
become permanently imbalanced toward either (Kin-
dred of the East, p. 139). Similarly, balance between
Hun and P'o is the ideal, but differences often crop up as
the character pursues masks that emphasize one virtue
other. Hollow Reeds take care not to attain true

A Hollow Reed's Nature is much like any other
character's. It is the core of the character's personality,
the part that stays with her from one mask to the next.
Nature, like direction, subtly colors the kinds of masks
the vampire chooses to wear and even her reason for
following the Dharma.

For example, a Wise Centipede with the Architect
Nature may want to build something lasting, seeing his
multiple lives as the slow process of creating a path
toward enlightenment. A Rebel Nature, on the other
hand, may indicate a Hollow Reed who challenges con-
ventions and loves to debate Dharmic philosophy with
others to balance their views.

here Rootless Trees are con-

ask the character wears should have its
own Demeanor, and ideally, no two active masks should
have the same one, allowing the vampire to experience
the widest possible range of behavior. While wearing a
mask, the Paces should act in accordance with its
Demeanor, as colored by the character's true Nature.

If the player portrays the Demeanor well and acts in
accordance with it, the Storyteller may choose to allow
the Hollow Reed character to regain Willpower by follow-
ing the Demeanor like others do for following their Na-
tures. So a Hollow Reed wearing a mask with a Judge
Demeanor could regain Willpower by using discerning

judgement in a difficult situation, representing a minor
Dharmic lesson learned by the character.

Armjeutes, AsjijyEs anp BackGRounps

Hollow Reeds come from all walks of life before taking
the Second Breath, but Kuei-jin who choose to follow this
Dharma tend to have certain points in common. All
Thousand Whispers hin are also taught certain things they
need to know in their unlives, if they are to successfully
follow their path.

Wise Centipedes tend to have strong Social At-
tributes, particularly Manipulation, since it enables them
to more easily slip into new masks and to make those roles
convincing. Perception and Wits are also fairly important
Attributes. Perception allows a Hollow Reed to notice

_ small details and pick up on the subtleties that make a
persona more real, as well as the little lessons that life has
to offer them. They develop Wits by thinking on their feet
and adapting to the sudden changes often demanded by

living a false life. Whispers have a reputation for being
able to come up with amazingly convincing lies on the
spot. They consider it a survival skill. Other Kuei-jin find
it an unworthy characteristic, but even they admit that it
is often useful.

__ In terms of Abilities, the Performance skill is nearly

iversal among followers of the Thousand Whispers
harma, since it allows them to create and take on their
different masks. Some Whispers choose to put their skill
work in other ways, by becoming actors or performers as
ne of their masks. The player of a Thousand Whispers
character mat portray a character pretending to be an
actor, playing arole— performances within performances.

Other social Abilities are common for Hollow Reeds,
such as Etiquette, Expression, Streetwise and Subterfuge.

Experienced Hollow Reeds are social chameleons, able to

blend into nearly any setting with ease and grace. Follow-
ers of the Dharma also tend to pick up a fair number of

Knowledges over time, as they experience different masks.

Older and more experienced Whispers seem to know

something about everything. Occult and Enigmas are
particular common Knowledges for them.

Lastly, Wise Centipedes are often skilled in Portents
and Rituals. Divination rites are commonly used to help

Re Thess Wares

Whispers choose their next lives during the Embrace of
the Dark Jade Lover (allowing the Storyteller to insert
subtle hints to guide the character along the right path).
They also learn and master a variety of rites to balance the
flow of Chi (both through the land and through their own
bodies), to contact and speak with spirits and to enhance
their various masks, even allowing them to take on en-
tirely new forms and identities (see pp. 53-60, for more on
these new rites). Obviously, the Rites Background is
common for such characters.

MERjTs anp Flaws

Some Merits and Flaws are particularly appropriate
(or inappropriate) for followers of the Path of a Thou-
sand Whispers. In some cases, particular Merits or Flaws
may be tied to a mortal mask rather than the Kuei-jin,
where they represent important lessons about that mask.

Cuanging Socja: Backgrounps,
MeRjTs anp Flaws

Backgrounds tied to mortal society —like Allies,
Contacts, Influence and Resources — may apply to
the Kuei-jin's mortal mask rather than his unlife, in
which case these Backgrounds apply only to that life
and do not necessarily carry over to the character's
next mask. The Storyteller may allow Wise Centi-
pedes with these Backgrounds to translate them into
theirnext mask or to re-distribute the points into new
social Backgrounds suited to the new persona. For
example, a character giving up an alter-ego as a
businessman in Hong Kong, with Resources, Influ-
ence and Contacts (in the business community),
might take up a new life as a mercenary, developing
Allies and Contacts in the mercenary business and
Influence in a troubled region. On some occasions,
the Storyteller can rule that Background points do

not translate from one mask to another. They are
simply lost, part of the sacrifice the Hollow Reed must
make to move on to the next life.

Sometimes, social Backgrounds apply to the Kuei-
jin himself rather than the mask. Followers of the
Thousand Whispers Dharma commonly have access
to Resources tucked away to make the transition
between masks easier, for example.

Hollow Reeds also often have Merits and Flaws
relating specifically to their masks. Like similar Back-
grounds, these ties rarely pass from one mask to
another and the Storyteller may allow the player to
redistribute the points involved or simply drop the
Merits and Flaws altogether. Storytellers should watch
out for players taking social Flaws, then seeking to
eliminate them by changing masks while keeping the
bonus freebie points. In these cases, karma requires
the new mask have additional Flaws of the same value

although not necessarily the same nature).

Weaning THe Mase

For example, a Whisper's mask may have an enemy to
overcome or a lover to protect (and then leave in order
to continue on the path). Such resolved Merits and
Flaws no longer affect the Kuei-jin when that mask is put
to rest, although the Storyteller may allow new Merits
and Flaws to be acquired for a new mask.

Merjts

¢ True Love: In the case of a mortal love, this Merit
is actually a challenge for a Wise Centipede, since such
ties inevitably have to be broken for the Kueijin to
continue along the path. Storytellers should arrange some-
thing suitably tragic for characters with this Merit. Even if
the Merit relates to another Kuei-jin, it should be tinged
with sadness, since the Hollow Reed will inevitably move
on. The final steps along the Path of a Thousand Whispers
must be completed alone.

Flaws

¢ Amnesia: As a result of the rites of the Dark Jade
Lover, Hollow Reeds often experience a degree of amnesia
in relation to their mortal masks; they retain the lessons
they learned from that life but not the emotional ties or
specific memories related to them. However, this does not
constitute enough of disadvantage to be considered a
Flaw. Indeed, Hollow Reeds consider it an advantage.
Whispers with this Flaw have no recollection of their life
before taking the Second Breath or of their unlife since.
Such Whispers may have become completely caught up in
one of their masks, leading them to believe they really are
who they pretend to be and that their vampiric abilities are
the result of some curse or special nature. Fellow Wise
Centipedes take in upon themselves to aid the character
in understanding her true nature (or, if that isnot possible,
grant her a Final Death).

¢ Different Body: Kuei-jin with this Flaw often
choose to follow the Path of a Thousand Whispers because
they feel they have broken with their former life alto-
gether. They may go so far as to perform the rite to Honor
the Second Breath (p. 56) to complete the process, start-
ing their unlife with a clean slate.

¢ Nightmares: In addition to their terrible memories
of Yomi, Wise Centipedes may pick up this Flaw from
traumatic memories of previous masks they have not been.
able to let go of. Such nightmares are a clear indication of
an obstacle in the vampire's path, something the Story-
teller can build a subplot around as the character seeks to
deal with these bad memories.

New Merits anp Flaws
Tome (2-pr. MeRjr)

You have a permanent resting place for your body,
either provided when you died or acquired after you took
the Second Breath. Those given proper tombs for burial
rarely rise again as vampires, so there must be a strong
reason in your life why you became Kuei-jin if your family
provided your tomb. Rootless Trees use their tombs as

saab

places to perform the rites of the Dark Jade Lover (see p.
57), the ritual death they undergo between lives. A

suitably hidden and well-guarded tomb helps make the
transition between lives easier.

Tenacjous Spirit (7-Pr. Menjr)

Your soul is strongly connected to its duty in the
Middle Kingdom. The first time you suffer True Death
after becoming Kuei-jin, your soul is cast into Yomi but
returns anew rather than being consigned to oblivion. You
become Yulan-jin, a wandering spirit forced to inhabit
different bodies, as you attempt to fulfill your karma. You
follow all the normal rules for Yulan-jin (see the Kindred
of the East Companion for details). If you meet Truth
Death a second time, this Merit does not protect you; you
are truly destroyed.

Wanperjng Spjrjr (1-pr. Fiaw)

Your spirit is strongly drawn to the spirit worlds.
When you undergo the Little Death or the any of the rites
of the Dark Jade Lover, your spirit takes twice as long as
normal to return to your physical body. Recovering from
the Little Death takes a number of nights equal to twice
your permanent Yin, for example.

DjscjPLjnes

Rootless Trees are known for their mastery of the
diverse Disciplines of the Kuei-jin, although the Whispers
themselves often play-down their own abilities. They refer
to Disciplines assiddhis, great powers but often distractions
from the true way. Such powers are, to them, a byproduct
of greater enlightenment, a means to an end rather than
an end in and of themselves. Therefore, the Thousand
Whispers take a utilitarian view of their gifts. They learn
those they believe most aid themin attaining the Hundred
Clouds without hindering their progress.

Equjijerjum :

Ancestors and mandarins of the Thousand Whispers
consider at least basic training in this Chi Art essential for
disciples, since it teaches students how to balance their
own Chi and that of others, avoiding dangerous imbal-
ances. Rootless Trees nearly always use this art to restore
Chi balance in themselves and others, rather than delib-
erately causing dangerous imbalances. A carefully regu-
lated Chi balance is an essential first step along the path.
Whispers who don't bother learning at least the first dot
or two of Equilibrium during their kéa risk being consid-
ered reckless by other members of their Dharma.

Save Sujnraj

As the shintai of the Earth element, Jade Shintai
is associated with the Rootless Trees. It focuses the
learning of Equilibrium outward, to tap and influence
the Chi flow outside the body. Wise Centipedes use
this art to travel easily and quickly through the most
difficult of terrain, including high mountains.

They often use Placate the Earth Dragon (Jade Shintai
¢ ee) asa means of entombment while undergoing the
rites of the Dark Jade Lover (see p. 57). Such Kuei-jin
are difficult to find and protected from the Eye of
Heaven and other hazards.

Cuy'"ju Mun

That the Thousand Whispers study and master the
techniques of the Dragon Tears often comes as a surprise
to Kuei-jin who associate it with those aligned with Hun
orP'o. The Rootless Trees seek to walk the border between
the two extremes, and Chi'iu Muh is a useful tool toward
that end. The art gives the Kuei-jin an awareness of the
Great Cycle and the energies of Chi.

Inparticular, it gives the Kuei-jin the awesome power
to heal and devour souls. Wise Centipedes use both in
their quest for enlightenment. They heal souls danger-
ously out of balance; those too far gone to heal, they
devour. This allows the Kuei-jin to take on the imbalanced
life through the rite of Gathering the Broken Mask rite (p.
56), restoring it to the center where the original owner of
the soul could not. A Whisper who does this does not
suffer loss of Dharma from eating the soul, since she
remains true to her path. Spirit-Eating is considered a
serious responsibility, taking on another's karma, so Hol-
low Reeds only do so in the most extreme circumstances,
where they feel that not even death and rebirth will
corrects a soul's flaws.

JNTERNALJZE

Skilled ritualists seeking balance, the Wise Centi-
pedes are natural masters of this Discipline. Training in
Internalize gives the Whispers much of their reputation
for iron will and unshakable calm. The techniques of No
Mind and Blood Yoga (Internalize ¢ and ¢ ¢) help cleanse
the mind and spirit, rendering them blank pages for the
Kuei-jin to write upon. The more advanced techniques of
the art help place the Kuei-jin in harmony with the Great
Cycle, allowing him to achieve astounding feats of will
and determination.

Otner Auspjcjous Djscjpiynes

Feng Shui: Many Rootless Trees know the wind-
water art, given their study of both internal and external
Chi. Itis one of the many skills that makes them welcome
in courts throughout the Middle Kingdom, so long as
their Feng Shui is used only to aid the Kuei-jin of the
court and not to cause trouble. Wandering Centipedes
often find employment as fang shih, both among mortals
and vampires.

¢ Flesh Shintai: The Hollow Reeds' interest in this
art tends to be limited to reshaping the body into different
forms, so they can more easily take on new masks or
understand life from the perspective of a mouse or a
sparrow. Since they often use different rituals to achieve
these effects, fairly few Rootless Trees actually achieve the
mastery of Flesh Shintai that they seek.

© Mibasham: Legend hi:
brought this Discipline into th

actually a follower of the Path of a Thousand Whispers.

That bodhisattva's followers see it as a way of looking past
the illusions of life to see the fundamental lessons hidden
beneath them, much like how they sort through the

memories and experiences of their lives to find the grains

of wisdom hidden within. Masters of this Discipline are
among some of the most inscrutable of an inscrutable lot,
asking impossible riddles and challenging others' most
deeply held beliefs.

PRELUDES

Like all Kuei-jin, Hollow Reeds take the Second
Breath because they have some karmic debt that re-
mains unpaid, something that draws them back to the
world of the living from the depths of Hell. The circum-
stances of the character's prelude lead to her choice of
Dharma, so they are important in setting the stage for
the type of Kuei-jin the character is to become. The
following are some themes commonly found in the
preludes of Wise Centipedes:

© Acceptance of Death: Through death, the Second
Breath and training as a hin, you come to accept that you

are dead and your old life is behind you. More than that, <

you come to understand that life itself is only an illusion
covering the Void that lies behind and within all things.
By accepting the existence of the Void, youfind the center
of peace, quiet and balance within you thar is essential in
following the path.

¢ Embracing Life: Although life is an illusion, it isa
useful one. Hollow Reeds are often people who never
really experienced life when they had a chance. Now that
you've taken the Second Breath, life has a whole new
meaning. You've been given a second chance to experi-
ence all the things you never did in life and to learn the
vital lessons you were given unlife to learn. Then, when
you have drunk deeply of all life has to offer, you must die
again to begin the process anew, until you truly eee
both life and death for what they are.

¢ A Balanced View: In life, Wise Ce atipedes were
often wildly unbalanced, tending toward sin or virtue or
toward the qualities of Yin or Yang. The Second Breath is
karma's way of pointing out your flaws and giving you the
opportunity to achieve the balance you never attained in
life. You may have been without empathy, understanding
or compassion in your life. The tenets of the path and the
Broken Mask Technique also force you to look beyond the
narrow confines of your life, to literally put yourself in
someone else's place and see life through their eyes.

¢ Breaking Old Ties: The path teaches you to
sever and let go of ties that bind you to your old life. You
may have many things that are difficult for you to leave

behind, a beloved, family, friends, a career, material -

wealth. You must sacrifice them all to set yourself on
the path to enlightenment. Or perhaps you have taken

|

Wang rar Mase

up the path because the citcumstances of your death
severed all your former ties, leading you to believe that
the Path of a Thousand Whispers was destined for you.
Your death might have been a shameful thing that
brought disgrace to your loved ones, something you
must atone for. Or it might have been a tragedy where
you died alongside those you loved, but only you re-
turned, to continue on without them. ‘

¢ Forming New Ties: Rootless ‘Trees often take on
the responsibility of capturing and training chih-mei,
making it likely that the Kuei-jin who found and helped
you was of your Dharma. Did this influence your choice
to follow the path? Compared to training at the hands
of brutal Devil-Tigers, your experience was easier (at
least, in a physical sense). Are you grateful for this, or
do you wonder if you missed out on something? How did
you feel about your teachers, and what happened when
you realized you had to leave them behind when you
embarked on the path?

Riddles and Puzzles: The training of: a Hollow Reed
is a difficult thing — not because it is torturous like that
ofa Devil-Tiger, but because it challenges everything you
believed to be true throu;

intended to let you break away from yourold life, from your
old ways of thinking, and be born anew into your unlife.
Like the Second Breath remakes your body, the trainingof
the path seeks to remake your mind and soul. What sort of
things did your teachers do to awaken you to the path?
What riddles have they offered that you are still struggling
with? What insights did your training leave you with?

OursjpE RELAT|ONSH}PS
AND THE Wu

Breaking old ties and not becoming dependent on
new ones are key tenets of the Path of a Thousand
Whispers. Taken to extremes, these beliefs can become
disruptive in a chronicle, since a Rootless Tree character
never forms the kind of interpersonal relationships that

lead to drama and conflict in the story. Or worse yet, the -

character never forms the bonds with other characters
that are vital to involving them in the story in the first
place. Fortunately, careful handling of these tenets allows
for plenty of interpersonal contact and drama without
becoming an annoyance for the players or the Storyteller.

First of all, keep in mind that Hollow Reeds (particu-
larly disciples) rely on. theit wu for the same things that
other Kuei-jin do. The wu serves as the vampire's surro-
gate family in unlife, providing support, companionship
and social contact, things even the independent Whispers
find useful in following their path. For the Hollow Reeds,
the wu provides a measure of continuity to their unlives,
a connection they can hold on to while they experience
different masks.

Players might assume that Rootless Trees should be
loners within their wu, but that isn't trae. Whispers are

a

igh riddles, koans and puzzles —

53

typically quite involved in their wu, working to help
maintain balance within the group and within its indi-
vidual members. They provide challenges and try to help
their wu-mates along their own paths. A Wise Centipede
may be the closest thing another Kuei-jin can find to an
understanding family member who is not of her own
Dharma, because he tries to understand all points of view.
Hollow Reeds often take parental roles in wu because of
their dedication to keeping things in balance, which
sometimes requires harsh measures. On the other hand, it
isjustas possible for them to take "child" roles (inquisitive,
questioning and often rebellious children, to be sure) or
that of equal siblings in wu.

In dealing with characters beyond the wu, Rootless
Trees tend to be somewhat detached. They can become as
emotional as any Kuei-jin, but they cannot become too
involved with others, particularly mortals, without violat-
ing the tenets of their Dharma. That is not to say that
Whispers can't get involved, only that they can't get too
inyolved. Relationships with others — both in unlife and
through their masks — are part of the Path of a Thousand
Whispers. But those relationships have a pre-ordained
end to them. Sooner or later, the Hollow Reed must walk
alone. This means letting go, not just of loving relation-
ships, but also rivalries, sadness and hatred as well.

4 Thousanp
Waispering Ryres

The Path of a Thousand Whispers is strongly associ-
ated with sorcery, and many Hollow Reeds study the rites
of the Kuei-jin and seek to master them. In addition to the
rites described in Kindred of the East, the Wise Centi-
pedes have a number of others they use.

Any of the rites from Kindred of the East are suited
to the Hollow Reeds. Individual rites are common for
them. Hollow Reeds use the Way of the Lone Walker
when they choose to leave Kuei-jin society behind and
become heimin further on in their journeys. They com-
monly perform Restoring the Dharmic Balance for others
who have fallen from the path. Wise Centipedes use
Embrace the Spirit's Change to adopt a new name after
becoming a disciple, to indicate a break between their
mortal and vampiric existence, and often after undergoing
a new rite of the Dark Jade Lover.

Learning Rites

Because rites often provide substantial game benefits,
Storytellers should ensure that players pay for them in one
fashion or another. The standard way is to require charac-
ters to seek out teachers, ancient texts and other sources
of wisdom to learn new rites. Finding a source for a
particular rite can bea hook for a new story or even series
of stories (for particularly legendary rites). The character
must also spend time studying and learning the rite. A
study time of one week per level of the rite is appropriate,

although Storytellers can vary it as needed. Storytellers
may also wish to assign an experience point cost to rites.
"One experience point for each level of the rite is a good
tule of thumb, given the guidelines above. Storytellers
who waive things like study times and the need to find
teachers or texts may want to increase the cost to two or
three times the level of the rite.

Cus Ryres
Warr. re a ae Two Rye)
- This rite allows a Kuei-jin to send her spirit into the
= worlds beyond the Wall, leaving her corpse behind in the
Middle Kingdom. The body lies in a state of death, while
the spirit wanders. If the spirit travels too long, the body
may wither from lack of Chi.

This rite must be performed in a dragon nest. The
seeker prepares a resting place for her body, inscribed
around with ideograms, then lights incense to prepare the
way for the spirit. The traveler lies down and sinks into a
trance, her spirit separating from the body to enter the
Mirror Lands. From there, she can travel on to the Yin or
Yang Worlds. :

System: The preparations take a hour, although
they can be reduced to as little as 10 minutes by increas-
ing the difficulty of the rite by +2. The player spends a

point of Yin or Yang Chi (depending on which world the
vampire wishes to travel to) and makes a Wits + Medi-
tation roll (difficulty 6). If the rite is performed before a
spirit gate identified with the level two rite Behold the
Spirits' Doorway (see Kindred of the East, p. 127), the
difficulty is only 5.

If successful, the Kuei-jin's spirit enters the Mirror

- Lands and can travel on to the appropriate spirit world. A

failure means the Kuei-jin cannot achieve the proper state
of meditation. A botch results in the Kuei-jin's spirit
becoming trapped in the spirit world for a number of days
equal to her permanent Yin. The body remains in a death-
like state, and Kuei-jin usually sustain themselves on Yin
Chi during this time, making the body seem cold and
lifeless. At the Storyteller's discretion, a failure or botch
may instead anger guardian spirits at the dragon nest.

Loose THe Wanperjng Spit
(Lever S)x Ryte)

Sometimes Hollow Reeds find their attachment to
their corpse a hindrance in following their path. They seek
to attain the freedom possessed by the Yulan-jin soul
jumpers, able to inhabit a succession of bodies, making
them into masks. This rite allows a Wise Centipede to do
just that. Many other Kuei-jin look on this as foolishness


Wearing THe Mask.

at best, an attempt to cheat karma at worst. It is only
taught and performed by followers of the Path of a Thou-
sand Whispers and usually then only in secret.

The ceremony is similar to the rites of the Dark Jade
Lover, conducted at the end of a mortal mask. The
supplicant places any affairs in order, then prepares a
complete funeral rite, including a suitable tomb for his
corpse. He then undergoes the Little Death, forcefully
separating spirit from body.

System: When the vampire undergoes the Little
Death, the player rolls Willpower (difficulty 9). Ifsuecess-
ful, the subject's spirit is separated from its body and
becomes Yulan-jin, with all of their normal abilities and
limitations (see Kindred of the East Companion). A
failure results only in the Little Death, which the vampire
must recover from normally (see Kindred of the East, p.
144), although the shadow soul roll on recovering is at +2
difficulty forthe Hun. A botch results in the vampire's soul
becoming trapped in the Yomi World, unable to escape
without outside aid. If the soul is freed, it becomes Yulan-
jin but loses one point of Dharma and permanent Will-
power in the process.

pNDjVipuaL RjtEs
Tue Founjng Lotus (Lever Two Rte)

The Path ofa Thousand Whispers teaches that some-
times the only way to restore something to balance is to
destroy it. Hollow Reeds use this rite to break the bonds
they have formed with the members of their wu. Most
Whispers do this as a final means of protesting what they
see as unbalanced behavior on the part of their wu-mates.
Unlike the Way of the Lone Walker (see Kindred of the
East, p. 129), this rite does not separate the Wise Centi-
pede from Kuei-jin society; she is free to join a new wu if
she so wishes or the ancestors order it. The rite simply
breaks the guanxi with an existing wu without any harm to
those involved.

The Kuei-jin issues invitations to the members of her
wu and to at least one elder, usually a mandarin of the court
the wu belongs to or the elder responsible for establishing
the wu, if he is available. If the wu has a nushi, the rite can
only be performed with its permission. The Kuei-jin gather
at an appointed time and place, andthe Wise Centipede
reads a poem explaining her reasons fdr leaving the wu,
usually highlighting the root of the imbalance.

If the members of the wu choose to be rebuked and
correct their behavior, then the wu continues and no
shame comes upon any of them. If they refuse to be moved,
the performer of the rite draws a blade and passes it
between her and each member of the wu, symbolically
severing their connection. If the rite fails to sever the ties,
it is taken a€an indication of the will of Heaven, and the
Wise Centipede seeks to continue to work within the
corpse family.

System: Whether or not the members of the wu
choose to reform their behavior is a matter of roleplaying,

although the Storyteller may have the player of the
Thousand Whispers character make a Manipulation +
Expression roll against a difficulty of the audience's aver-
age Willpower tosee how moving the pleais. Severing the
guanxi requires the player to spend a point of Chi and roll
Charisma + Rituals against the guanxi rating. If all the ties
are successfully severed, the character is no longer a
member of the wu. If the character fails to sever even a
single tie, the ritual fails, and the wu remains whole. In this
case, any guanxi bond that was severed is restored, but its
rating is reduced by two points. A botch on any of the
severing rolls does one health level of aggravated damage
to the ritualist and the concerned wu-mate.

In order to follow their Dharma, Hollow Reeds need
the ability to live a thousand different lives. Even in
ancient times, however, it was often difficult for Kuei-jin
to do so without changing their appearance; in the mod-
ern world, it's all the more difficult. This rite allows. a Wise

Centipede to create a new form with her new life, an

_ alternate shape that she can assume in order to live a

mortal life without suspicion.

The Wise Centipede must carefully craft an actual
mask for her new persona and prepare it through medita-
tion and purification with incense, taking a total of five
nights. Ifthe mask is properly prepared, it allows the Kuei-
jin to take on anew appearance while it is worn. A Hollow
Reed can only have one such greater mask at any given
time. When the Kuei-jin ends that mortal life, she shatters
the mask as the final part of the Ritual ofa Thousand Cuts.
The character can then perform this rite again and create
a new greater mask, if desired.

System: The player makes a Dexterity + Crafts roll
(difficulty 6) for the vampire to create and ritually prepare
the mask. Failure results ina mask that is unsuitable. After
undergoing a rite of the Dark Jade Lover and rising from
herresting place, the Kuei-jin takes up the mask, declaring
her intent to take on a new life, and places it on her face.
The mask vanishes, and the Kuei-jin gains the ability to
switch between her true form and the mask form at will.
The subject can choose to remove the mask, ending the
ability to use it, at any time.

The new form can be different from the Kuei-jin's
normal form in terms of hair and eye color, race, age and
even gender. The new form's Appearance Attribute can
be higher than that of the Kuei-jin, one point per two
successes on the Dexterity + Crafts roll. It can also be
lower by any amount desired. The mask cannot be made
to look like an actual person, except if the Rootless Tree
has used Gather the Broken Mask to take on an unbal-
anced soul (see p. 56). In that case, the difficulty of the
Dexterity + Crafts roll is 8, but even a single success makes
a perfect replica of the victim — and grants the vampire
his Appearance Attribute rating.

56

The Kuei-jin can assume her mask form for a day
simply by expending a point of Yang Chi (this Chi does
not count toward animating the Kuei-jin). She can return
to her normal form at no cost whenever desired. While in
mortal form, the Kuei-jin appears as a living person in all
regards, including appearing to (but not needing to)
breathe; she still suffers all the normal vulnerabilities of
unlife such as sunlight, however.

Other shen can recognize a Kuei-jin wearing a
greater mask if their players (or the Storyteller) make a
successful Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 9).
At the Storyteller's discretion, especially sensitive
mortals can also see through the mask (with the same
roll), although they will only realize that something is
"off" about the person, not that she is a vampire.
Otherwise, the disguise is perfect.

Wear ue Lesser Masn (Lever Taree Rjre)

The Wise Centipedes are masters of disguise and often
supplement their mundane skills with Disciplines like
Bone and Flesh Shintai and rites such as this one. Wear
the Lesser Mask allows a Kuei-jin to change his appear-
ance to that of another person. The Kuei-jin must make a
mask resembling the desired form, then perform an hour-
long ritual, meditating and focusing on the disguise. The
Hollow Reed puts on clothes suited to the new form and
dons the mask. He then shifts shape to appear as the
desired subject, either an existing person or a completely
new appearance crafted by the character.

System: Crafting the mask of the desired appearance
requires one night and a Dexterity + Crafts roll (difficulty
5 for a generic disguise, 7 if trying to copy a specific person
from memory, 5 from a photograph). A failed roll results
in a useless mask.

Unlike in Assume the Greater Mask, the vampire
must actually wear the Lesser Mask. Removing it ends the
disguise. Activating the mask for one night requires a
point of Yang Chi. The Kuei-jin can change age, race or
even gender using this rite. Appearance can be increased
by one dot per two successes on the Dexterity + Crafts roll
or lowered by any amount desired. The vampire retains all
of his normal abilities and weaknesses.

Others can penetrate the vampire's disguise if they
pick up onslight imperfections. Players of othershen make
a Perception + Awareness roll (difficulty 6) upon first
seeing the disguised vampire; failure means they believe
he is exactly what he appears to be. Players of mortal
characters face a difficulty of 9.

Honor THE Seconp BreatH
(Lever Four Rjte)

For the Kuei-jin, the Second Breath is a rebirth,
freeing their soul from Hell to continue on in the world of
the living and fulfill its karmic debts. Some Hollow Reeds
use this rite to make the Second Breath even more
profound and leave behind all traces of their former lives,
Cutting all ties with the people they once were so they can

walk their path unencumbered.
after the actual Second Breatl once. the Kuei-jin is
enlightened enough to know is mortal memories are
holding him back. Sometimes the character is only a hin,
but most candidates are disciples.

The Kuei-jin desiring to undergo the rite petitions the
mandarins of his court for permission. Phe Kuei-jin chooses
anew name to represent the new unlife he is entering. He
dresses in a plain white robe and appears before the
ritualist, who performs the rite. The supplicant sheds his
robe and steps into water — a pool, river or even the sea
—where the rite is completed.

When the Kuei-jin emerges from the water, all memo-
ties of his mortal existence are gone, washed away. He
retains all his abilities and his knowledge of them but has
no recollection of how or where he learned them. As far
as the character is concerned, his memories begin with his
time in Yomi. The ritualist greets the Kuei-jin by his new
name, and he is known by that name henceforth. Refer-
ring to the mortal life ofa Kuei-jin who has undergone Be
rite is a serious breech of etiquette.

System: The subject's player must spend a point of
Yin Chito kill the old life anda point of YangChito link
his new name to his spirit. Ae ritualist (who cannot be
the subject of the rite) need‘not expend any Chi. His
player must roll Intelligence + Rituals, however, against a
difficulty of 5. Failure indicates that the memories remain,
while a botch jumbles the subjects recollections in an
unpredictable manner; the specifics are at the Storyteller's
discretion.

THe Broxen Masr.
(Leven Five Rive)

Rootless Trees believe it is their duty to restore imbal-
ances, including in some mortal lives, but sometimes, it is
just not possible to rectify a truly unbalanced life. Nor-
mally, a Wise Centipede would destroy that mortal in
order to protect the balance of things. However, the
Discipline of Chi'iu Muh offers another option. The Kuei-
jin devours the soul of the unbalanced mortal, taking it out
of the Wheel of Rebirth. The Kuei-jin then takes on that
mortal's life and seeks to redress the balance directly. This
is considered a serious responsibility among the Hollow
Reeds, not undertaken lightly.

The Kuei-jin undergoes a ritual similar to one of rites
of the Dark Jade Lover. After devouring the victim's soul
with the Chi'iu Muh ability of Spirit-Eating, the character
enters a deep meditative trance to assimilate the mortal's
memories, taking the life as her own. If successful, the
Hollow Reed gains knowledge of the mortal's life, enough
to impersonate him and correct the imbalances he has
caused. The Kuei-jin does not take on the mortal's physi-
cal appearance, although she can use Assume the Greater
Mask to do so (see p. 55).

System: The Kuei-jin devours the victim's soul with
Chi'uh Muh and then enters a deep trance. The Kuei-jin's


Il with the mortal's Will-
power as the difficulty. At least three successes are re-
quired for the rite to succeed. Otherwise, the Kuei-jin
awakens immediately and must check for shadow soul.

If the Willpower roll is successful, the player must
spend experience points to purchase a special Lore skill in
the subject's life. Successfully completing the rite requires
at least enough experience to buy the Lore skill up to 3
dots. Any less represents insufficient knowledge for the
wvampire to take on the life of the mortal. The character

ay buy as many levels in the Lore skill as he has successes
in. the Willpower roll.

The meditative trance lasts for one day for every
experience point spent, as the Kuei-jin assimilates the
mortal's memories (buying the Lore skill). After that time,
the character awakens with knowledge of the mortal's life
as if it were his own. The Hollow Reed must then take on
the mortal's life as his primary mortal identity (called his
greater mask). Failing to do so, or ending a previous life
early in order to do so, constitutes an act of blindness

Rytes of THE Dark jape Lover

The rites of the Dark Jade Lover are rituals the
followers of the Path of a Thousand Whispers use when
passing from one greater mortal life to another. They
recreate the experience of death for the Kuei-jin, and the
most sophisticated rites come as close as one of the Wan
Kuei can come to the Final Death without being utterly
destroyed. These rites require the vampire haye a suitable
resting place for his body during them, either a prepared
tomb or some other isolated place where he can lay
undisturbed. Hollow Reeds usually engage assistance from
members of their wu or other followers of their Dharma to
guard their bodies while they undergo these rites.

The Kuei-jin performs the Ritual of a Thousand Cuts
and the Ashes of the Phoenix (see below) each time she
ends a major mortal persona. These two rites set the stage
for a third death rite in which the Rootless Tree transi-
tions to her next persona. The nature of that final rite
varies from occasion to occasion. Disciples engage in the
relatively simple Gentle Repose (see below), whereas true
arhats use Embracing the True Death (p. 59). It is up to an
individual Rootless Tree to decide which rite they are
ready for, although it is traditionaNfor them to master'a
simpler death rite before attempting a more complex one.
The rites of the Dark Jade Lover always end with Center
the Demon, which restores the reborn Kuei-jin to the
peace of wave soul.

Tue Ryrua. oF a THousanp Curs
(Lever Ong Rite)

The first preparatory_rite of the Dark Jade Lover
involves severing th¢ ties of the life which is ending.
Ending a life in an orderly and proper manner takes
considerable time and effort, which masters of the Thou-

57

sand Whispers Dharma believe focuses the student on
understanding the lessons that life has to offer. Hollow
Reeds perform the Ritual ofa Thousand Cuts to begin the
process of bringing a mortal mask to its conclusion.

The Hollow Reed must definitively break any and all
ties her mask may have with mortal society: quitting her
job, breaking off relationships, selling her home, giving
away or destroying possessions and so forth. There isno set
time for this, but it is considered appropriate to take as long
as a year to complete the process. Any longer may be an
indication of an inauspicious attachment to that life.

The Kuei-jin must avoid any unwanted attention
during this time, as well-meaning friends and loved ones
often try to intervene. Once all ties have been broken,
leaving the Kuei-jin with nothing but the clothes he is
wearing, the Wise Centipede removes the clothing and
discards it, signifying his shedding of the old life like a
snake sheds its skin. :

System: The process of the Ritual of a Thousand
Cuts is exclusively a matter of roleplaying. The Kuei-jin
cuts himself off from those he loves and hates in his
mortal mask and from all other mortal bonds. The
Storyteller can ask for a variety of rolls if she so wishes,
depending on the situation.

The Ashes oF THe PHornjx
(Lever One Rjte)

Contemplation of life's lessons is an important part
of the Path of a Thousand Whispers and is at the core of
the second preparatory rite of the Dark Jade Lover. Wise
Centipedes take time at the end of a mask to put what
they have experienced and learned into writing (or to
express them through painting, calligraphy or other
forms of art). This usually takes several days of work.
When the work is complete, the Kuei-jin burns it,
signifying how the mask is consumed but the experience
she has gained from it remains.

System: Make a Perception + Expression roll (diffi-
culty 7) to represent what the Kuei-jin has learned and
how well she expresses it. When the artistic work is
destroyed, each success on the roll gives the Kuei-jin one
point of experience, representing insights gained from
that mask.

Some Kuei-jin practice a variation on this rite called
the Scales of the Snake, in which the text is not de-
stroyed. Instead, it is given to a scribe or other aid to be
preserved in imitation of the bodhisattva Song Zhen,

whose letters form the great text The Journey of a Thou-
sand Steps (see p. 60).

The Genme Repose (Lever One Rye)

The Gentle Repose is the simplest of the death rites,
arelatively straightforward meditative trance. The Kuei-
jin, having completed the Ritual of a Thousand Cuts and
the Ashes of the Phoenix rite, lies down in a tomb or other
secret place as if in death. The Hollow Reed meditates on


of any remaining connections to that
wisdom and experience remain.

System: The Gentle Repose meditation requires one
night for every point of permanent Yin the vampire
Possesses. The time of meditation is often, used to spend

the wisdom the character has gained; players may wish to _
save up some of their earned experience for this purpose.
Make an Intelligence + Meditation roll (diffi
Every success subtracts one from the cost of any
character purchases while meditating, so long as th
isin some way related to lessons learned from the charac
previous masks (with a minimum experience cost of Be
Once the vampire enters the Gentle Repose, it is very iS quiet
difficult forhim to wake before the designated time. Heonl even pl


System: Once the vampire emerges from shadow soul
after a death rite, the player rolls Perception + Meditation
(difficulty of 4 + P'o rating). Even a single success means
thattheactions of the Demon are understood ina Dharmic
context, so that they do not constitute an act of blindness.
Failure means a rejection of the P'o's actions, and the
player must test for an act of blindness. If the character
does not know this rite, he cannot accept the Demon's
actions and loses a point of Dharma automatically.

This\rite can only be used after shadow soul associ-
ated with a rite of the Dark Jade Lover. Handle other
instances|normally.

The Edarn's Emprace (Lever Taree Rye)

The next most advanced death rite brings the Kuei-
jin.a step closer to the experience of ritual death through
actual burial in the earth, where the Hollow Reed lies as
if dead while meditating on the experiences and memories
of life. Whispers undergo this rite to advance fromdisciple
to jina, the achievement of ling.

The ritual includes funeral rites for the "deceased"
and actual burial in the ground. Some Kuei-jin us
Placate the Earth Dragon (Jade Shintai ® ® ¢) to sis ‘
the earth and remain there throughout the rite. Others
are simply buried. The embrace of the earth is intended
to be soothing and calming, helping the Kuei-jin achieve
personal balance.

System: This rite functions like the Gentle Repose,
save that the difficulty for the Intelligence + Meditation

roll is 7. The player may spend experience as in the Gentle —

Repose, and the vampire remains ina similar trance forthe
same amount of time. Like the Gentle Repose, the Earth's
Embrace ends with the vampire in shadow soul for ascene.

EMBRACING THE Death

(Lever. Five Ryre)

Hollow Reeds undertake this advanced death rite
when they progress to the rank of mandarin. They must
face the actual death of the body and the separation of the
spirit. The vampire willingly suffers the Little Death (s
Kindred of the East, p. 144) and takes the time while
restoring her body to contemplate death and the experi-
ences of the life she is leaving behind. This rite is terrifying
even for experienced Kuei-jin, since True Death looms so
close at hand. Masters of the Pathofa Thousand Whispers
believe facing death in such a fashion helps the student
pierce the illusion of existence and overcome all fear.

The character chooses a method of demise that will
lead to the Little Death. Basically, the player reduces the
Kuei-jin's health to below Incapacitated while ensuring
that the vampire has Chi in her body. Elaborate death
rituals are common, particularly among Japanese Kuei-jin.
The vampire may perform the rite alone or in the presence
of members of her wu and others, as desired. After the
death rite, the vampi ody is interred in a tomb.

The spirit separates from the body to haunt the
surrounding Mirror Lands, allowing the Kuei-jin to com-

mune with the spirits and other shen that dwell there.
They may lead her ona quest through the spirit worlds that
relates to her mortal mask in order to enlighten her about
the lessons she must learn. Such visions may prove to be
auspicious occasions for a Hollow Reed if they are particu-
larly fruitful (Kindred of the East, p. 52).

_ System: The character suffers the effects of the Little
Death and must recover normally (see Kindred of the
East, p. 144). Wise Centipedes usually arrange for fresh
sources of Chi to be nearby for when they awaken. Some
choose to have mortals from their previous mask present,
allowing the Hollow Reed to complete the Ritual of a
Thousand Cuts, severing all ties with the previous mask
while sating her need for Chi.

The player makes an Intelligence + Meditation roll
(difficulty 5) while the character is in the throes of the
Little Death. Every success subtracts one from the cost of
any trait the character purchases while meditating, so long
as the trait is in some way related to lessons learned from
the character's previous masks (with a minimum experi-
ence cost of 1).

The Storyteller may chose to run encounters with
virits and other shen in the Mirror Lands while the Kuei-
jin's spirit is there, perhaps even running a short solo story
where spirit guides offer instruction to the vampire. The
character may also receive visions or premonitions related
to future stories in the chronicle.

The character automatically awakens from the Little
Death in shadow soul. The Demon remain in charge,
sating itself, for an entire night.

EmpracnG THe True DeatTH

- (Lever Seven Ryre)

‘The ultimate death rite of the Dark Jade Lover is
practically a legend among the followers of the Thou-
sand Whispers, undertaken only by those ready to be-
come bodhisattvas. It involves the complete destruction
_ of the body, freeing the soul to wander in the spirit worlds
rather than being cast into oblivion — to look death in
the eye and to embrace it like an ally, a lover, to welcome
it and let go of everything else. Only the most enlight-
ened Kuei-jin can perform this rite successfully; it is very
rare in the Fifth Age.

The vampire chooses a place and time for the rite
and usually invites fellow wu members and local manda-
rins to attend. The Kuei-jin faces Final Death in what-
ever manner he desires, usually by Facing the Eye of
Heaven, although self-immolation is popular, particu-
larly among the Kuei-jin of the Golden Courts, and
seppuku is common for the gaki of Nippon. After meeting
Final Death, the vampire's body turns to dust and scatters
on the wind. If the rite is successful, the Kuei-jin's soul
enters the spirit worlds and travels there. If not, the
vampire is truly dead and gone forever.

There is no way of knowing how long the Kuei-jin's
spirit will travel in the spirit worlds — years at least, often

communes with the ishen of the spirit worlds, gaining
wisdom and instruction. The Kuei-jin is not aware of the
years passing in the Middle Kingdom, but when the spirit
is ready, he returns to the physical plane. The dust that
made up his body swirls up on the wind, and the Kuei-jin
reappears, reborn out of nothingness.

System: Roll the character's Dharma rating against
a difficulty of 9. Failure means the character suffers
Final Death and is destroyed. Success allows the en-
lightened spirit to pass on into the spirit worlds. The
time and place of the bodhisattva's resurrection is
entirely up to the Storyteller.

The Wise Centipede automatically gains one point
in his Dharma from the experience and appears com-
pletely healed of any damage, with full Chi scores of all
types. If desired, the character can re-allocate his perma-
nent Yin and Yang to balance those virtues, if they are
not already. The vampire returns in shadow soul and
remains there for a full night.

Legacy. OF THE ANCjENTS

Over the Ages, Wise Centipedes have accumulated a
great deal of wisdom but relatively few material things.
Bodhisattvas of the Thousand Whispers have written
down their experiences in works passed down across the
centuries and used to educate new students in the path.

Sacrep Texts
Tit Houow Reep

The central text of the Path of a Thousand Whis-
pers, The Hollow Reed was written long ago by the
bodhisattva Hai Feng, a student of the teachings of Xue
who embraced the Path of a Thousand Whispers whole-
heartedly and wrote a long series of sutras praising the
insights it led | ‘him to.

Most of the text is written in the form of questions and
riddles, and teachers of the path often quote from it when
posing koans for their students to ponder. Some of the

greatest masters of the path have grappled with Hai Feng's.

insights through hundreds of lifetimes, seeking wisdom
_ and understanding in his words. Some Running Monkeys,
frustrated with its obtuse wisdom, ponder whether or not
The Hollow Reed is actually some colossal practical joke
played on followers of their Dharma across the ages. On
the other hand, they wonder, perhaps that's that point.
Copies of The Hollow Reed exist throughout the Middle
Kingdom, but the original text is lost to the ages. The most

complete reproduction is believed to be that on display in
the Jade Court of Changan.

Tue journey of a THousanp Steps

The Journey of a Thousand Steps chronicles the many
lives of the Thousand Whispers bodhisattva Song Zhen in
her quest for enlightenment. It consists of a series of
letters, written by Song Zhen as she ended each of her

Thousano Wysorns

mortal lives and prepared to move on to the next, com-
piled over the course of centuries. Song Zhen passed the
collection of documents ees scribe in the Jade Court
before departing on a journey=She never returned, and to
this day, no one knows what became of her, bicheugh there
are many rumors and legends"saying she reached the
Hundred Clouds and achieved enlightenment.

Her letters were carefully preserved and eventually
bound together into a book, which was copied and read by
other followers of the path. The text inspired other Hol-
low Reeds to take up the ritual of putting down their
mortal lives in writing as a means of reflection and even-
tually took the form of the Ashes of the Phoenix, one of
the rites of the Dark Jade Lover. That rite (or a variation
of it) has nearly become a ninth tenet of the Dharma for
some, although there is still some dispute over whether or
not it aids in the process of understanding and whether or
not such work is meant to be shared, Legend has it that
Song Zhen asked the scribe to destroy her work if she did
not return but that he was so moved by her words that he
could not bring himself to do so. Other Hollow Reeds
likewise maintain that such Writings should be destroyed
because they represent a tie to that should be broken.

The complete original letters of Song Zhen remain
under guard at the Jade Court. Rumors persist that some
letters were lost before the collection was bound together,
however, and some Rootless Trees spend lifetimes search-
ing for such lost passages.

The Wispom oF THE CENT;PEDE

The Wisdom of the Centipede is a key text of the Path
of a Thousand Whispers. Written by a student of Grand
Arhat Xue himself, it tells of Xue's experiences in seeking
enlightenment with a focus on his meditation on the
movements of a centipede that brought him an under-
standing of balance and complimentarity, of many things
working together to produce harmony. The text lays out
the central tenets of the Dharma as_a path to enlighten-
ment. A number of passages of The Wisdom of the Centipede
are obscure and couched in riddles, but surprisingly little
dispute has arisen over them in the entire history of the
Dharma. In fact, most of the arguments over the meaning
of passages from the text come fropf scholars of other
Dharmas, who seek to understand Avhat seems to be a
confusing and contradictory path,/while the Thousand
Whispers simply continue to walk it.

Ironically, The Wisdom of the Centipede is not consid-
ered as balanced a text as the Ki Chuan, penned by Xue's
student Ki, which looks at all the teachings of the Grand
Arhat and the Dharmas that grow from them. The
Wisdom of the Centipede focuses solely on the Path of a
Thousand Whispers. Some Hollow Reed scholars argue
it is a further refinement of Xue and Ki's work and that
their Dharma is more advanced than others, but most
dismiss such claims as absurd.

Copies of The Wisdom of the Centipede are common in
Rootless Tree circles, as befits its central importance to


OE ia

green jade with ie delicate ;

peaceful, sleeping face. A fine ibbor

holes on either side of the mask at "nay the ear level,

allowing it to/be worn. Although the mask has no eye-

holes, it doesnot inhibit the wearer's vision ‘inany way. In

fact, itallows the wearer to use the Yin ability of Ghostsight

without expending any Chi (

88, for details) % au
The wearer of the1 oe also expend apoint of Yin

Chi to assume the appearance of any mortal for a scene.

Make a Wits + Etiquette roll (difficulty 7) to determine
the effectiveness of the disguise }

= Kindred of the East, p.

~ Make a oe + Awareness roll | (diffi
- Etiquette roll to penetrate the disguise.

__ the owner can open a passage through the |

onlooker must score more

‘The Biacr. Mirror
Level Five Artifact
_ This artifact is a mirror of fi ely polished obsidian set

‘inasilver frame in the shape of coiling dragons, the whole

of it six feet tall and three feet wide. The mirror serves as
a gateway into the spirit worlds. With asuccessful i

Rituals roll (with a difficulty equal to the local Wall (

rating), the mirror shows whatever is behind it in the
Mirror Lands, like looking through a window. The owner

can use this to see and communicate with spirits. O

lessly. With another Wits + Rituals roll (same:

through into the Mirror Lands or llowa spi
Physical world, if desired. The only

traveler must return to his c
which is generally not difficul re
lost or the agin aii his absence.


62

What follow are adaptations for some of the Disci-
plines, rites, artifacts and Merits and Flaws for Thou-
sand Whispers. The Storyteller has final say on what is
permissible in game.

The Hotow Reeps
in Live-Action

It's easier to say "This is my appearance and behav-
ior" in a tabletop session than to actually play it out in
live-action games. Players and Storytellers must work
together in MET games to make the lesser and greater
masks come to life.

MET chronicles are not primarily costume pag-
eants. Players shouldn't feel compelled to work out
head-to-toe disguises. Props and prop cards can and
should fill in the gaps in what a player is capable of
and comfortable with presenting directly. Like-
wise, one piece of a costume, such as a distinctive
hat or coat, can suggest the rest. Behavioral cues do
at least as much as clothing to suggest personality:
Identify some distinctive mannerisms for each mask,
and be sure to use them, and suspension of disbelief
will come more easily. Where necessary, the player
and Storytellers can provide out-of-character re-
minders to others about how the character appears
at the moment.

For really elaborate transformations, the player
may wish to recruit an ally. Brief a fellow player on
what this particular mask is up to, and let the other
player act out the part for a scene, with the Thou-
sand Whispers' player observing out-of-character or
from concealment. The first few times this sort of
thing happens in a game, it catches everyone by
surprise, and if it's done well, players look forward to
the opportunity to help out with it. Nothing suggests
another identity so much as actually having another
body handy.

As always with MET play, players should give a
little thought to how bystanders may see things.
Meticulous cross-dressing, for instance, looks just
fine in a theater or other closed play space but could
create problems for the player going to and from
games. This is another advantage to minimalist
changes in costuming.

There's no standard or universally correct level of
between-game interaction for chronicles. Some
troupes make extensive use of personal visits, phone
calls, e-mail and other forums to exchange informa-
tion; some don't. If your troupe does, you can build up
many supporting details for masks between sessions.

You can even create ppearance of multiple
personas, each knowing a different mix of facts and
holding different opinions. All this helps to distin-
guish different masks.

New Merjts ann Fiaws
Toms (2 Trayr MeRjr)

You have a permanent resting place for your body,
whether acquired before death or afterward. If your
family provided the tomb, you must have some particu-
larly strong reason for having drawn the Second Breath,
as proper funeral rites lay to rest nearly everyone who
would otherwise return as a vampire. Rootless Trees
often perform the rites of the Dark Jade Lover at their
tombs, as it makes tansition between lives easier.

Tenacious Spjnjr (7 Trajyt Menjr)

The first time you suffer Tryé Death after becom-
ing Kuei-jin, you become Yulan-jin. See the rules for
Yulan-jin on pages 66-67. If you meet True Death a
second time, this Merit does not protect you, and you
are truly destroyed.

Wanpenmng Spyapr (1 Tray Fiaw)

You are strongly drawn to the spirit world. It takes
twice as long as usual for you to return to your physical
body after undergoing the Little Death or the rites of
the Dark Jade Lover.

Cuj Rites
Wax THe Spyrr Part (Basjc Rite)

This rite allows the Kuei-jin's spirit to enter the
spirit world while his corpse remains behind in the
Middle Kingdom. The ritualist must perform this rite
in a dragon nest, where he prepares a resting place for
his body and surrounds it with protective ideograms.
His spirit can enter either the Yin or Yang Worlds.

System: Spendone hourpreparing for the rite, and
spend a point of Yin Chi to enter the Yin World or
Yang Chi to enter the Yang World. Make a Static
Mental Challenge against six Traits (eight Traits if the
character spends less than an hour preparing, down to
a bare minimum of 10 minutes). If the vampire has first
performed Behold the Spirit's Doorway, the challenge is
against five Traits. If successful, the character enters
the Mirror Lands and can go on to his destination. If
the challenge fails, make two Simple Tests; if both fail,
the character is trapped in the spirit world for one day
per point of Permanent Yin. The body remains in a
deathlike state while the spirit wanders, and most
Kuei-jin sustain it with Yin Chi.


Ws ©

pe THe Wanvenng Spin
(Experr Rite)

This rite allows the ritualist to lay the subject's body
to rest and allow the subject to deliberately undergo the
Little Death, gaining freedom for her spirit.

System: Perform complete funeral rites. When
the] subject undergoes the Little Death, make a
Static Willpower Challenge (using permanent Will-
power rating) against nine Traits. If it succeeds, the

bject becomes Yulan-jin. If it fails, the subject
undergoes Little Death and must recover as usual,
with a two-Trait penalty on the Hun challenge. In
addition, if the rite fails, the subject's player must

make two Simple Tests. If both fail, the subject's _

spirit becomes trapped in the Yomi World and must
be freed through outside effort. Once loose, it be-
comes Yulan-jin, but loses one Dharma Trait and
one permanent Willpower Trait in the process as if
he had made a normal body-jump.

JNDjVipUAL RjtEs
Tue Founjng Lotus (Basjc Rite)

This rite allows the ritualist to break bonds with —

wu-mates without harm or complication. It does not
mark the ritualist's departure from Kuei-jin society,
and he remains at liberty to join another wu. The
rite takes place with the wu and at least one elder,
usually a court mandarin, in attendance. The ritual-
ist reads a poem explaining his reasons for dissatis-
faction. If the others accept the rebuke and are
prepared to address the concerns, then the rite ends
without further effort. If not, the ritualist draws a
blade and ceremonially cuts the space between him-
self and each wu-mate. A failure in the rite generally
indicates Heaven's lack of agreement with the ritu-
alist, who should then take heed and redress the
grievance in some other way.

System: Roleplay out the debate over the ritualist'
grievance; if the Storyteller deems appropriate, the
ritualist's player can make a Social Challenge against
the ranking audience member to see how effective his
pleais. Actually severing the guanxi requires spending
one Chi Trait and making a Static Social Challenge
against a number of Traits equal to the guanxi rating;
this must be done for each member of the wu. If a
single tie remains whole, the ritual fails and the wu
remains whole. Any severed guanxi bonds are re-
stored, but their ratings are reduced by two. If any
severing challenge fails, make two Simple Tests, and
if both fail, the ritualist and the target each suffer one
level of aggravated damage.

)

Assume mHe Greater Mask
(jerervenjare Rjte)

This rite prepares a new identity for the ritualist. It
takes five nights of crafting and meditating; if all goes
well, the Kuei-jin takes on a new appearance when she
dons the mask. Each Hollow Reed can have just one
greater mask at a time; she shatters it as part of the
Ritual of a Thousand Cuts when ending that mortal life
and can then make a new one.

_ System: Make a Static Physical Challenge against
six Traits to create and prepare the mask. The vampire
performs the rites of the Dark Jade Lover, then takes up
the mask and announces her intent to take on a new
life. If the mask is properly made, it disappears when
the Kuei-jin puts it on and she gains the ability to
switch between her own appearance and the new form
at will. Everything can vary: hair and eye color, age,
height, even gender. The mortal form can have fewer
Appearance-related Physical Traits than the vampire's
own total at no additional effort, while adding Appear-

ance Traits requires spending one Physical Trait per

added Appearance-related Trait during the mask-mak-
ing period. She can remove the mask and end her
ability to use it at any time.

Spend one Yang Chi to assume the mortal form
for a night (in addition to any Yang Chi spent to
animate the vampire); it costs nothing to return to
vampiric form. While in mortal form, the Kuei-jin
appears to breathe, to have proper warmth and
otherwise to seem alive, though she still suffers the
normal penalties for unlife like vulnerability to
sunlight. Other shen may make a Mental Challenge
to recognize that the Kuei-jin is in disguise, though
they can't make out her underlying form. Sensitive
mortals may make the same challenge, but they will
only sense that something is not right about the
person, not that she is a vampire.

(jnreRveDjaTe Ryve)

This rite allows the vampire to take on another
appearance temporarily and without the deep benefits
from the Greater Mask. It requires only an hour of medita-
tion and preparation before donning the mask, once made.

System: Make a Static Physical Challenge against
five Traits for a generic disguise or to imitate a particu-
lar target with photographs handy or against seven
Traits to imitate a particular target from memory. It
takes one full night to make the mask. Adding Appeat-
ance-related Traits beyond the vampire's own total
requires spending one Physical Trait per Trait added

during the mask-making. The vampire may change
features like age, race or gender but retains his own
weaknesses and abilities.

The ritualist must actually wear the Lesser Mask;
removing it énds the disguise. Spend one Yang Chi to
activate the mask for a night. Other shen may attempt
topenetrate the disguise with a Mental Challenge (and
get a two-Trait bonus for the challenge).

Note: Hollow Reeds must learn to make the Lesser
Mask before they can learn to make the Greater Mask.

Honor THe Seconp Breati
(jureneenjare Ryre)

This rite lets the ritualist finish the process that the
Second Breath begins. The subject must secure the
permission of his court's mandarins. If they approve, he
dresses in a white robe before the ritualist and sheds the
tobe to step into water — a pool, river or ocean — to
complete the rite. The subject emerges with all memo-
ties of his mortal existence gone. He retains all his
abilities but not the knowledge of how or when he
learned them. His first memories are of his descent into
Yomi. The ritualist greets the subject with his new
name, and henceforth, all other Kuei-jin with a sense
of propriety use it as well.

System: The subject spends one Yin Chi Trait to
end his old life and one Yang Chi Trait to link the new
name to his spirit. The ritualist makes a Static Mental
Challenge against the subject's Permanent Willpower.
Success means the subject's memories begin with the
Yomi World. If it fails, make two Simple Tests; if both
fail, the subject retains the memories of his old life in
a confused, jumbled mess.

THe Broren Mask
(Apvancen Rjte)

Thisrite reflects the Thousand Whispers' view as to
the last resort in helping balance the lives of the unbal-
anced. When all else fails, the vampire devours the
mortal's soul and takes on the mortal's life to redress
karmic imbalances. This is one of the greatest duties a
Hollow Reed can assume and is never performed lightly.

The ritualist performs a ceremony similar to the
tites of the Dark Jade Lover. She devours the victim's
soul using the Chi'iu Muh ability of Spirit-Eating, then
enters a trance to assimilate the mortal's memories. If
the rite succeeds, the ritualist emerges with full knowl-
edge of the mortal's life.

System: Consume the victim's soul by Spirit-Eating
as normal. Make an Extended Willpower Challenge
against the target mortal. The vampire must get at least
three more successes than the mortal, or she awakens
immediately and must check for shadow soul. If this
challenge succeeds, spend enough experience points to

buy at least three levels of Lore in the subject's life, up to
a maximum of levels equal to half the ritualist's Will-
power (rounded up). The meditative trance lasts for one
week per experience point; at its conclusion, the ritualist
wakes up with knowledge of the mortal's life. The
ritualist must then take on the mortal's life as her greater
mask. Failing to do so or ending previous life early todo
so both constitute an act of blindness.

Rives oF THE Dark jape Lover

These rites recreate the experience of death and
require that the ritualist have a suitable resting place,
either a prepared tomb or some isolated place for an
spirit-less body to lie undisturbed. Wu-mates and fellow
Hollow Reeds usually help protect the ritualist's body
during Dark Jade Lover rites.

The rites of the Dark Jade Lover include several
separate rituals. All Hollow Reeds undergoing the rites
perform The Ritual of a Thousand Cuts and The Ashes of
the Pheonix to end and understand a persona, followed
by one of the death rites. The simplest is The Gentle
Repose while the most advanced is Embracing the True
Death. The rites always end with Center the Demon.

Tue Ryruar of a Tousanp Curs
(Basjc Rite)

This rite begins the process of concluding a mortal
mask. The ritualist must break off all ties the mask has to
mortal society, in public and private life. Custom allows
up toa year for the process without the ritualist giving the
impression of unseemly attachment to the ending life.
Once all ties are broken, the ritualist removes the cloth-
ing he's wearing and discards it, and the life is over.

System: No special system required. The Story-
teller may require Social Challenges and other tests
where appropriate, but it is best to leave this in the
domain of roleplaying.

The Ases oF THE PHOEN;X (Basjc Rite)

After performing The Ritual ofa Thousand Cuts, the
ritualist reflects on the lessons learned during the just-
concluded life. Many Thousand Whispers express their
insights in writing, painting, calligraphy or other art.
This takes several nights' effort. The rityalist takes the
finished artwork and burns it in a symbolic affirmation
of the life's termination.

System: Make an Extended Static Mental Challenge
against seven Traits to measure the quality of the vampire's
insights and artistic expression. When the work is de-
stroyed, the vampire gains one experience point.

Tue Genme Repose (Basjc Rjte)
This rite follows the previous two. The ritualist
meditates on the experiences and memories of the

——— @

lai mask to extract any remaining lessons and let
remaining connections go.

System: The vampire meditates for one night per
Permanent Yin Trait. During this time, he may acquire
one Ability per Permanent Yin Trait at no cost, to a
maximum of four. These Abilities must be related to the
previous mask's lessons; the Storyteller may deny inappro-
priate purchases without a really good story behind them.

A vampire in The Gentle Repose cannot normally
be awakened before his timé, although something
inflicting a level of lethal or aggravated damage may
disturb him; he must still spend Willpower to rise
completely. Once out of Gentle Repose (however he's
awakened), the character will be in shadow soul for a
scene; no resistance attempts are permitted.

Cenrer THE Devon (Basjc Rite)

The death rites of the Dark Jade Lover end with the
Demon coming to the fore and the vampire entering
shadow soul. Normally such a surrender is fought
against, but Rootless Trees see it as a necessary balance
to the calm meditations of the death rites. Just as the
Hun integrates the lessons of the completed life in
contemplation, the P'o does so in action. :

System: Once the vampire emerges from shadow
soul after a death rite, the player rolls Perception +
Meditation (difficulty of 4 + P'o rating). Even a single
success means that the actions of the Demon are
understood in a Dharmic context, so that they do not
constitute acts of blindness. Failure means a rejection
of the P'o's actions, and the player must test for an act
of blindness. Ifthe character does not know this rite, he
cannot accept the Shae actions and loses a point of
Dharma automatically.

This rite can only be used after shadow soul asso-
ciated with a rite of the Dark Jade Lover. Handle other
instances normally.

Tue Earra's Evprace (jnrervenjare Ryre)

This rite plays an important part in Thousand
Whispers' advance from disciple to jina status. The
ritualist lies as if dead, while meditating. Comrades
perform funeral rites and actually do bury the ritualist,
assuming she does not use Placate the Earth Dragon or
some other means to sink into the earth herself. The
separation of burial soothes the ritualist, making pet-
sonal balance easier to achieve.

System: This rite takes one night per Permanent
Yin Trait and functions like The Gentle Repose. The
ritualist spends Yin Chi to sustain himself during this
time. Make a Static Mental Challenge against seven
Traits. Ifsuccessful, reduce the cost of one relevant
Ability by one experience point (down to a minimum
of 0), plus one Ability pertwo Mental Traits spent.

(Avvancen Rjre)

This rite marks a Wise Centipede's advance to the
rank of mandarin. The ritualist experiences the actual
death of the body and the separation of the spirit. The
ritualist voluntarily undergoes the Little Death and
spends the time separated from his body contemplating
death and the past experiences of life. Thousand Whis-
pers tradition says that this experience helps pierce the
illusions of existence and, thereby, subdue fear.

The ritualist chooses a method of demise and sets
out to reduce her Health Level to below Incapaci-
tated while retaining some Chi in her body. Many
Thousand Whispers perform elaborate death | ‘rituals,
either alone or in the presence of wu-mates and other
trusted associates. Upon death, allies inter the
ritualist's body in a prepared tomb, and the spirit goes
tothe Mirror Lands.

Spirits may lead the separated soul on a quest
through the spirit worlds and often provide visions
related to the last mortal mask in an effort to encourage
enlightenment. Fruitful visions may become an auspi-
cious occasion.

System: Undergo Little Death, and recover as
usual. Many ritualists arrange for fresh sources of Chito
be on hand, sometimes including mortals from their
previous mask so.as to complete The Ritual of a Thou-
sand Cuts and satisfy the need for Chi simultaneously.
Make a Static Mental Challenge against six Traits
while in the Little Death. If successful, reduce the cost
of any one Trait related to lessons from previous masks
by one experience point, downtoa minimum of 0, plus
one additional relevant Trait for every. two Mental
Traits spent. The Storyteller may run‘ encounters with
spirits and other shen as appropriate.

The character awakens from the rite in shadow
soul. The Demon rides the character for an entire
night, and no resistance attempt is permitted, although
the vampire may perform Center the Demon afterward.

EMBragne THE TRuE DeaTH
(Experr Rite)

This rite marks the Hollow Reed's passage to
bodhisattva status, completely destroying the body and
freeing the spirit to wander the spirit world. The
ritualist courts True Death for this moment of enlight-
enment; few master it in the Fifth Age.

The ritualist chooses the rite's time and place and
invites an audience of wu-mates and local mandarins.
Any method of Final Death will serve: Facing the Eye
of Heaven is traditional, though the Golden Courts in
particular favor self-immolation and many gaki prac-
tice seppuku. Afterward, the ritualist's body crumbles


to dust. If this rite succeeds, the ritualist's soul passes
into the spirit worlds. Otherwise, the spirit dies with
the body, and the vampire is gone forever.

The wandering spirit spends a long time in the
spirit worlds — a minimum of years and often a mortal
lifetime or more. During these years, the vampire
communes with spirits to learn their wisdom. When
the time is right, the ritualist returns to the Middle
Kingdom. His ashes swirl together, and he materializes
out of nothingness.

System: Make a Static Dharma Challenge against
nine Traits. Failure means Final Death. Success al-
lows the soul to enter the spirit worlds. The time and
place of the ritualist's resurrection is up to the Story-
teller. The ritualist automatically gains one Dharma
Trait for the experience and returns to the world
healed of all damage, with Chi scores full and with the
option of reallocating Permanent Yin and Yang Traits
to balance those virtues. The Kuei-jin returns in
shadow soul and remains there for a full night while
the Demon sates itself.

ArtTiFACTS

The Pase Jape Masr

Level Four Artifact

This pale-green jade mask portrays the beautiful
features of a sleeping, peaceful face. A fine black
ribbon tied through holes on either side of the mask
allows the mask's wearer to fasten it securely. The
mask has no eyeholes, yet not only does it not hinder
the wearer's vision, it grants the Yin ability ofGhostsight
without requiring Yin Chi to be spent. The wearer
may also spend one Yin Chi Trait to assume the
appearance of any mortal for one hour or the duration
of a scene. Only other shen, using abilities such as
Ghostsight, can pierce the disguise, and they must win
a Mental Challenge to do so.

The Brack Mjrror
Level Five Artifact

This mirror is of finely polished obsidian set in a
silver frame shaped to resemble coiling dragons, six feet
tall and three feet wide. A successful Static Mental
Challenge against the local Wall rating allows the
mirror's owner to look into the Mirror Lands as if
through a window. A second such challenge allows the
owner to open a passage through the Wall, through
which travelers can cross in both directions. The
traveler must return to the physical world through the
mirror, which is only a problem if something hinders
the traveler or disturbs the mirror.

Thousano Wjspers

|
Live-Action Youan-5im
The following mat lly appeared i inissue 6 of
the Mind's Eye Theatre Journal. It is reprinted here for
your convenience. Full background on Yulan-jin appears in
the Kindred of the East Companion.

CuaracreR CREATION

Yulan-jin are created identically to regular Kuei-
jin, save that they start with one fewer Willpower
Trait than normal Kuei-jin, a mark of the terrible
damage dodety he lacerating winds of Yomi. Yulan-
jin may have any Dharma, although they seldom
progress very far.

Bony Swapping

A Yulan-jin is forced to leave her current body
from time to time. During such times, her soul is forced
to endure the torment of Yomi for days or even weeks
until another suitable body has been found to host the
spirit. (Storytellers arg' encouraged to describe such
periods, if not actually roleplay them out with the

_ player.) Once the Yulan-jin leaves the body, it imme-
diately becomes entirely dead and decays as appropri-

ate for a corpse of its age.

A Soul Jumper passes on whenever any of the
following conditions occur:

© Temporary Willpower is reduced to zero;

* Temporary Chi of either type is completely
exhausted;

She suffers the Little Death (Final Death sends
the Yulan-jin to Yomi for good).

After settling in a body, the Soul Jumper is always
disoriented and may even experience some perma-
nent memory loss, thus sliding the vampire closer to
oblivion with every leap. The Yulan-jin's player must
make Static Willpower Challenge against four Traits.
Success means the character suffers some disorienta-
tion but is otherwise all right. Failure means the
character suffers more severe amnesia (only the barest
details remain clear) and must remove one Ability
level permanently. In addition, players who fail must
immediately win or tie a Simple Test. Failing this test
means the character/oses a permanent Willpower

the change. Chardcters reduced to zero Willpower
this way pass into Yomi for good, the soul dissipating
in the winds of Hell.

Body Swapping also has the following effects:

¢ All guanxi previously established are also broken
on assuming a new body.

¢ Yulan-jin lose a Dharma Trait automatically
when they pass on, which makes it difficult to hold on to

Wearyug rae Mase
a

enlightenment for any period of time. Yulan-jin who
pass on with no Dharma Traits are blasted back to Yomi
permanently. Yulan-jin who undergo the rites of the
Dark Jade Lover do not lose a Dharma Trait (see p. 35)

It should be noted that while the player of the
Yulan-jin must still make sure other players know of
any differences in their character's appearance as they
move from body to body, the vampire's soul seldom
chooses a body radically different from its original.
Therefore, unlessthe Storyteller rules otherwise, Yulan-
jin donot chang¢ Attributes, Attribute totals or Abili-
ties when they/shift bodies. They may look different,

but it's the séme soul within.

Derecring YuLan=jin

Yulan-jin are normally indistinguishable from
regular Kuei-jin, unless one witnesses them pass on
(watching their soul flee), or successfully uses one of
the following Disciplines on them: the Cultivation
Discipline of Scrutinize, the Obligation Discipline of
Soul Bridge or the Chi'iu Muh power Purification.
Note that the character may not know exactly what
he's looking at unless he possesses a few levels of the
Occult Ability. He just knows that whatever it is, it
isn't a Kuei-jin.



Lice Wino ano Ware

Ct
An

£

69

WIND

WATER

With them the Seed of Wisdom did I sow.

And with my own hand labour'd it to grow:

And this was all the Harvest that I reap'd—

"Leame like Water, and like Wind T go."
— Rubéiyat of Omar Khayyém

The Path of a Thousand Whispers offers endless
potential for different typesjof characters, each following
the Dharma in.theit'wn way, each wearing a thousand
different masks to better understand mortal life. The
templates in this sectionare only asample of thépossibili-
ties available for Hollow Reed characters. Somé ate root-

less wanderers, while others are stronglysifivolved in a
particular aspeeriof unlife in the Middle Kingdom.
Eachitemplate is a balanced starting character for Kin-
dred of the East. You cain uses them as inspifition fof youown
Wise Centipéde.characters, while Storytéllers can use them:
as ready-made contacts, allies or,antagonists in their stories.

70
Action Fyim Star

Quote: Yeah, all of those stunts were real, every one of
them. That's what people want to see up on the screen, not just
some great special éffects. They want to see something real, so
that's what I give them.

Prelude: More than anything else ifthe world, you
wanted to be in films. Not just any film$either, you
wanted to be a star of action movies like tuxia or
chambara or even American movies with lots of guns and
explosions:Ifyou couldn't be an actor, then you would be
a stuntmanelf you'were really good, you could make
your €areer based on doing your own stunts;
audiences love that.

You studied martial arts and tumbling, how &
to take falls and how to stage-fight. But to pull off
thé teally spectacular stunts you needed to
practice. You shouldn't have practiced
alone, but how else were you going to
learn? Apparently, youneeded to
practice more than you thought
you did. When youfinally got
your big break, it was.on a
low-budget production
with shady credentials,
but you took it. When
you broke your neck in
a fall from,a construction site,
the producer took steps to ensure
nobody eyer found out about it.
What he didn't count on was you
coming back.

But youdid come back.
For a soul that craved
fame, being forgotten
was the worst possible
insult. You felt be-
trayed by thosé, you
trusted. They cheated you
of your rightful lifey Youfought
your way out of Hell to show
them all you couldn't be ig-
nored. After you killed a
couple of people for their
Chi, a wu found you, cap-
tured you and was able to
restore your Hun nature
tocontrol over your body.
You learned what had
happened to you, and
you were placed in the

\_Thousano Wiyspers

care of the wu to teach you proper Kuei-jin behavior. You
learned well, and you chose to, follow the Thousand
Whispers Dharma. In you life, you wantéd to experience
different things, and this drew you ¢o the!path.

For your kéay-yottchose to-live out the dream you
were denied béfore the Sen Breath. Youlcontacted
the producer you once worked with; now a wealthy man
in the Hong Kong film industry. If he saw through your
disguise enough to notice any:tesemblance to the man
he'd seen fall to his death yeats before, he didn't show it.
In fact, he didn't have a worry inthe world,
When youshowed off what you could do,
his,face'$plitiinito.a smile like you were
a gift from Heaven; little did he know
you actually came from Hell. He found
out shortly after the film was finished.
His spectacular death only improved
the film's performance at the box office.

Concept: In recent years, you've made
a name/for yourself in action films. It's
everything you dreamed it would be,
but you're beginning to grow tired of
it all. Since your producer's tragic
fall from that hotel room window,
you've gotten a lot of offers for
different studios, including some in
the United States. You're sure»you
can enjoy,the limelight — and make
your position useful to thevelders of
the Flame Court — for a while longer
before it's time to go out in a blaze of
glory and move on to the next life.
Roleplaying Hints? You come»off as
friendly and somewhat cocky, assured of your-
self and your own abilities. Fans describe you as
"approachable" and "a great guy," and no one
knows your real feelings unless youwant them
to. You play on your reputation when neces-
sary, but the truth 6fthe matter is that
you're often better than your films make
you out'to be. Anyone whe thinks you're
"Gust an actor" is in for a surprises
Equipment: Leather jacket,

fine clothes, sunglasses, gold
catdsymaccessiito various props
(including martial arts weap-
ons) as necessary

NAME: Action Film Stak NATURE: (2AVo BALANCE: 2a)Anced

PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Foo! DIRECTION: Centex
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: GA))Ant wu:
ATTRBUTES -
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@@000 Charisma @@e@000 Perception. @e0000
Dexterity. @@@@00 Manipulation. Intelligence. @@0000
Stamina_____eee0oo Appearance___ee@oo00o0 Wits______eeo0000
- ABjLTIES = -
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness, 000000 Acrobatics___@@@000 Computer 9000000
Athletics. @e@e@000 Crfs_ 90 00000 Finance___e00000
Brawl. 900000 Drive @ e@@000 Investigation__90 00000
Dodge. @e@0000 Etiquette____9000000 Law_______ 9000000
Empathy. 000000 Firearms. @00000 Linguistis___@@o0000
Expression. 9000000 MartialArts____@ @0000 Medicine___ se 00000
Intimidation, @@0000 Melee___—e@e0000 Occult_____—eo00000
Leadership 000000 Performance___@@@000 Politics___ = =) 00000
Streetwise. @00000 Stelth__@0 0000 Rituls___ a.» 00 000
Subterfuge. @00000 Survival 900000 Science__90 00000

ADVANTAGES
BACKGROUNDS RITES

fukin 6 6 VOCS Influence __ ee e000
Jade Shintai _ee@0000 ésouxces _@ © © @00

OO00000 —______ 000000
000000 —______ OO OOOO
4000000 ——~O0o00000

HUN Bruised Q

@e@e@eoooo0odod0n Hurt 1Q

Injured 1Q

WILLPOWER Wounded 20

e@eeee00000 oni ae

QQ00000000 Incapacitated Q
Po jMBALANCE

@e@e@eeooo0o0d

i eel

QO00000000
DEMON CHI


72
Dangng Peacock Guarpjan

Quote: We need to take this slowly. Give me some
morestime to work on it, and I'm sure I can come up with
something we canitise. Nowthey don't suspect anything, but
I can't talk forlong. I'm sure tobe missed. Trust me, I know
how they think.

Prelude: Your life was ordinary, forgettable, In
fact, it was something you never appreciated untill
it was over. You and your family were gunned ti
down»in'@itandom act of street violence, some- y
thing thatsshowsup for a few minutes on the
evening news and then is forgotten by everyone \
except the relatives of those who died. Butyouhadno {©
family left to mourn you, ‘no one to remember you.

You weren't willing to go quietly into the Hell of
Endless Night, forgotten by the world. Your sen-
tence to Yomi was unfair, and you fought to get
back what you'd lost, fought for an opportunity
to get justice, tomake things right where the
corrupt system*failed. You would have your
vengeance no matter whats

Not long after youescaped from Yomi, and
rose from (the gravé, you learned' there were
others like you, willing to teach you and give you
achance. Over time, your desire for vengeanéé
was tempered with a wish to prevent others from
suffering as you suffered.' Your teachers weré im-
pressed by your newfound devotion to'duty, and you
chose the Dharma that best suited your desire to
seek balance, to challenge imbalance from
withinand to find some measure of peace
in your unlife. Your teachers agreed,
and you stepped ‘onto the Path of a
Thousand, Whispers.

Concept: In ancient times, you would be a
wandering warrior orronin, working tobbalance
the scales wherever you traveled. In this Age,
you chose the mask of an,undercover police
officer, creating masks within masks as you
work for the mortal authorities to infil-
trate criminal organizations andybring
them to justice. Your, position also al-
lows you to screen Kiei-jin society
from mortal notice and keep an eye on:
mortal society. Some might find
themselves pulled in too many di-
rections by their multiple alle-
giances, but you keep your purpose
in mind above all else. Through
your many masks, the immor-
tal vampire beneath watches
and learns.

Roleplaying Hints: Part
of your duty is to keep order
in mortal society and pre-
vent events from the

Thovsanp Wissrens

night world from drawing too much mortal attention. You
take your work seriously, and you sincerely believe in
protecting mortals from Harm when and!where you can.
You're a social chameleon, moving éffortleSsly.from the
courts of the Kuei-jinito the streets of Hong Kong to the
secret meétings of the Triads. Your abilitytto take on
other roles is skillful enough to make! others
wonder if you have areal personality of your
own at ali
Equipment#/Norinco,. M1911 9mm pis-
tol and badge (rarely carried), cell-phone,
appropriate. clothes for cover
identity

y

fy

NAME: Dancing Peacock Guardian
PLAYER:

CHRONICLE:
j ‘PHYSICAL
| Strength, @@e@0000
| Dexterity. —-® e®0000

Stamina, @@0000

TALENTS
Alertness______@®@®0000
Athletics_____® 00000
Brawl_______».00000
Dodge_____— @®0000
Empathy__)90 00000
Expression____9 00000
Intimidation. @@0000
Leadership_____9) 00000
Streetwise____@®@®@000
Subterfuge____@ @®@®000

NATURE: Caregiver BALANCE: 2a)anced
0 NATURE: The Slave DIRECTION: Est
DEMEANOR: FA) Atic wu:
ATTR|BUTES

SOCIAL MENTAL
Charisma. @@e@@00 Perception.
Manipulation___@ @ @ @ 0 0 Intelligence. e@e0000
Appearance___@e@e@e0oo0o Wits

ABjLITIES -
SKILLS RNOWLEDGES

Animal Ken. 900000
Crfts________9000000
Drive 900000
Etiquette. 900000
Firearms ____——®®0000
Martial Arts____—-® @0000
Melee___9000000
Performance. @ee000
Stealth, ®@®0000
Survival. 900000

ADVANTAGES

Academics @®00000
Finance______ 000000
Investigation__@ @®000
law. e@e0000
Linguistics 900000
Medicine. 900000
Occult, 900000
Politics. 900000
Rituals 900000
Science. 9000000

DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS RITES
Black Wind _eo00000 Allies —® 00000
Cultivation __@00000 Contacts _@@0000
Obligation __@00000 ésourcss _@ @0000
000000 000000
000000 000000
DHARMA P3th of a Thow MEALTH
Bruised Q
HUN
@e@eo0000000 Hurt 1Q
° Injured 10
Wounded 20
warnowne Mauled 20
@e@e@aee@eeoo000d Crippled 50
googgoggogdngogoaoang Incapacitated Q
ca) JMBALANCE

@ee@eoo00o00o0000

a

Q000000000
DEMON CHI


74 Thousano Wujsprrs

Jape Mask Guost-Kjier

Quote: It's over. Your murderer is Yomi's chew-toy, and you've been avenged. Time for yotkto lét go, ont wasor the other.

Prelude: Life was just a game to you, one you intended to win. You took what you wanted, leaving brokehearts

and shattered lives in your wake. Charm, good looks and a deep hunger for self-gratification made the World your oyster.
Fast cars, easy money, men and, boys»guns and toys. It was all yours and it all added up to nothing. When you spun out
your bike on a wet road, death came quick, and Yomi gappedwide.
Your time inthe blackness of Kakuri was filled by the lamentations of all those you had
hurt. Your selfishness had sent your mother to suicide, your father to drink and your
friends to many different fates, and you wished for an opportunity — any opportu-
nity — to make it all right. The Demon gave you that chaneéjand the Second
Breath flooded into,your corpse.

Training with a Rootless Tree was hard,.but he guidéd you to many
realizations. For every wrong you had doné,a right was possible. But you needed
to understand the imbalanees of thé world before you could atone. You needed to
live a thousand lives, to listen,to the ghosts and set they free, before you could pay
your own karmic debts Others had left unfinished busihess, and it was your duty

to complete itt

Concept: Your greater mask is anestate attorney, which allows you to
find those who profit from death and misery. You search out the ghosts
of the wronged and avenge thém, then send the spirits on their way. You
have discovered a special talent for the latter,task — many ghosts refuse
to move on, and you have the abilities to push them back into the Great
Cycle. Your teacher, before he left you forever, granted you a warning to use

your talents as toolsynot crutches.

Roleplaying Hints: Your teachét's simple advice is unfolding into a
complex koan. There is great balance achieved by sending the dead to their
reward —and a dark pleasure at doing it is creeping into your heart. Youwear mask
upon mask of quiet contemplation and detachment, but your itinét self stfiiles at
the' prospect of faéitig-another spirit. Atonement for, your own crimes will just

have to wait:

Equipment: White clothes, jade mask, legal documentation, various weap-

ons


TURE: Penitent

NAME: Jade Mask Ghost-Killee BALANCE: Yi,
PLAYER: #0 NATURE: The Bandit DIRECTION: West
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Pexfectionist Wu:
ATTRJBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
| Strength. @@0000 Charisma @@@000 Perception. @ee000
Dexterity. @®@0000 Manipulation. @@eee00 Intelligence, @e0000
Stamina, @@@000 Appearance. ee@e00o0 Wits @e@e000
ABjLTIES i
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness_______ @®@®0000
Athletics___ 9000000
Brwl____+_-»00000
Dodge @O 000
Empathy___0 00000
Expression___0 00000
Intimidation___0 00000
Leadership_____ 0 00000
Streetwise____000000
Subterfuge___ ® 00000

Animal Ken, 900000
Crfts________9000000
Drive______9000000
Etiquette. @®@0000
Firearms. 900000
Martial Arts, @e@e@000
Melee. ®@0000
Performance___ @ ®0 000
Steath______oo0o0000
Survival______ 9000000

ADVANTAGES

Computer. @@0000
Finance________®@®@000o
Investigation. 9000000
Law. @@e@000
Linguistics, @@0000
Medicine____ 000000
Occult_____eee000
Politics______9000000
Rituas______0o00000
Science______000000

RITES

@00000 Contacts __@00000
YinPeana __@ ®©0000 Resources ___ @ @@@®00
OO00000 RKétainsss _@@0000

O00000 O00000
—_—_____ +0000: 0.0 +=_______0'900:0';0
‘Path of a Thousand Ihishers/ TH
Bruised Q
HUN
000000 Hurt 1Q
eeeo Injured 1Q
Wounded 20
WILLPOWER Mauled 20
@@e@aeeeo00000d Crippled 5Q
gggogogddudaaadodaA Incapacitated Q
PO JMBALANCE

@@e@eoo000000

ee eel

Q000o0doodnoo0d
DEMON CHI


76 Thousann Whispers
Scarier Centjpene Warrjor What a lot of the ahieds need is a good kick in the ass

Quote: Authority must be challenged or it becomes com-
placentat best, a dictatorship at worst. Some say governmental
power flows fromuthe bartelof a gun. Others say it comes from
the mandate of Heaven or Hell. | say.give me a gun and let
Heaven and Hell sort out the rest.

Prelude: You were a solider for the Khmer Rogue in
Cambodia fighting for control of your country when you
stepped on an American-made land-mine — or perhaps
it wasyS6viet-made. It didn't really matter; after days
spent suffering with septic wounds, you were just as dead)
Your spirit was dragged down into Yomi, and you suffered
in the jungles of the Queen of Pestilence before you
escapedand fought your way back to the Middle King-
dom. You were no stranger to fighting you way out of a
jungle, after all. You tore open the body bag and killed
the hapless morgue worker who saw you, draining hig
body of Chi to satisfy your hunger. Then you vanished
into the jungle once more.

It wasn't long before you became the hunted, but
not by the KhmerRouge,of the mortal authori-
ties. The hunters were likeyou, inhuman, but
even more knowledgeable aboutithe ways of
the wilds, It.did not take them long to cap-
ture you, and it'was then that youllearned
what you had become and that there were
othersilike you. You were taught'the ways of
proper behavior for Kuei-jin societypand you
managed to fit in well enough to pass your fire
and water tests and become a disciple,of the Pathiof
a Thousand Whispers.

Concept: During your kéa, yourealized'the cause you
fought for was ephemeral but that the cause of revoliition
was one worth supporting. Kuei-jin society is ossified and
rigid, unable to meet the challenges of the modern world.
You're a warrior, and your war is agaifisttthe enemies of
the Wan Xian, whether they,ate the Kin-jin,
the Yama Kings and their )
akuma servants or the com-
placency and blindness of
your own kind.

tS

CNA
fa,

to get them off their thronegsand, out into the real world
again. You're sure as hell not interestéd' in)Spending
eternity meditating or reading anciént stitfas~yhen, you
could be out doing something. Maybe yc e
Sixth Age fromi/coming, as the ancestors Saypbut maybe
you want it to come because it will change everything.
Roleplaying¢Hints: Unlife has taught yow'a greater
appreciation for life than you eyer had before the Second
Breath. Now you understandithere are causes worth fight-
ing and dying,for, but they're few. aid far between. You'd
rather be activéjoutdoing something, than sitting around
talking on¢6ntemplatingany day: That's why,you work as
amercenary; théte's always a war being fought somewhere,
an opportunity to further hone your skills. You do what
you féel is best while maintaining your personal honor

be€ause your khow that it'sone of the only things that can't

‘be taken from you.

Equipment: AK#47, combat knife, fatigues, sunglasses,
assorted military/trophiés and trinkets

NAME: ims Warkiok MATURE: ‘Rebel : BALANCE: ‘Yan

PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Bandit DIRECTION: Sowth
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: J\\d4¢ wu:
ATIRjBUTES

q PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
| Strength. @@@000 Charisma @e@e@000 Perception___— ®®0000
| Dexterity, @@@000 Manipulation. @@@000 Intelligence___e@eo0000

Stamina_____@e@eeoo Appearance___eeoooo0 Wit______eeoo00o0

ABjLITIES
TALENTS SKILLS RNOWLEDGES

Alertness. @@0000 AnimalKen___09000000 Computer____9000000
Athletics_____eeoooo Crfs______000000 Finance_____000000
Brawl. @@0000 Drive @® 0 0000 Investigation___@e00000
Dodge. @e00o00 Etiquette. 9000000 Law____ ®00000
Empathy. 9000000 Firearms____@@0000 Linguistics___9000000
Expression. 000000 MartialArts_ 000000 Medicine____ee0000
Intimidation, @@0000 Melee le @0000 Occult____ 97000000
Leadership. @00000 Performance___@@0000 Politics____ ®0 0000
Streetwise. @@0000 Stealth @eoooodo Rituals 00000
Subterfuge. 000000 Survival e@eo0000 Science____9000000

ADVANTAGES =

BACKGROUNDS RITES
Pionnshnhe eo 8000 Allgs se e0000

YangPeana __@ @0000 Hokoscohe __®00000
000000 Resources __@ @®0000

000000 —_____0o00000
0:0.0:0:'0:0 _______0°0'9'050 0
PHARMA of a Thousand Ihishexs/{ HEALTH
HUN Bruised Q
@e@@eo0o000000 Hurt 1Q
Injured 10
WILLPOWER Wounded 20
eccceeecc0o Oe, Sa
Qo00o0u00000 Incapacitated Qa
ro JMBALANCE

@@e@eeo000000

ee eel

OQOO00000000
DEMON CHI


78 Thousano Woisrers

Snapow Hacker 7

Quote: Naturally they're going to put the good stuff behind a firewall. Thdt just makes:things interestingDon't worry,
whatever they've got, I can handle it. We'll have the data we need in no time.

Prelude: You've beéipinterested in computers since you were old enough to sit at a keyboard. You baffled your
parents and your elders with Yourability to understand and use the machinessmade them proud with the scholarsh: ips
and awards you won and brought them'shame with the illegal online activities that:nearly landed you in jail. In
hindsight, going to jail might not have beéiyso bad. Turns out the charges were dropped because a certain powerful
criminal organization took an interest,in your skills, a very personal interest.

At first, their offer was exciting, a chance to crack'some really tough systems, to hide some data-
trails, to play with the bumbling authorities, who didn't know one end ofaco-axéabléfrom another.
And there was the money. Man, wasithere some serious money! You got to really like the good
life it could buy you, telling everyone else youwere making big bucks asa"fréelance software
engineer." It wasn't that far from the truth.

But somehow, the money you got was hever enough. So you made the mistake of
skimming off a little extra, tucking it away in a hidden offshore account where nobody would
ever find it. You thought you'd coyered your tracks prettywell — but not well enough. Your
boss found outaboucthe missing cash, and héwasnot happy. By the time
his men were through with yougyou.were minus an ear and several
fingers. They never found your body; you simply disappeared

one day.

Your experiencesin the Hell of Stinging

Iron taught you some discretion and gave youan

even keener understanding of pain, an under-
standing you wanted to share with your killers.
You clungto that thought as you fought your way
) out of Hell and crawled back into your bodys
hauling it onto the shoreywhere you found prey to
sate your hunger.

After a Thousand Whispers Kuei-jin found you
anditaughtyouyyou déyoted your kéa to settling $ome old debts and nicely
filling oit your own seeret offshore accounts with enough money to keep you
"in hardware andisoftware for a while. Now, you've got lotsiof time:to work
on new tech; and you always were a night person anyway.

Concept: One of the things you always admired aboutthe ‘net was
the'anonymity it granted. Now, you wear it like a mask. After
all} who's going to question the career of an up-and-coming
"freelance computer programmer"? Besides, a lot of Kuei-jin,
don't understand.¢omputers any more'than. your parents'did,
and plenty ofthemare willing to/pay handsomely for someone
who does» Creating new identities for other Whispers takes up some of your
time, while tracking' down interesting information earns you.some
favors on the side.
Roleplaying Hints: You're cocky and confident when it comes to
Knowing your business; you know you're one of theibest. You're much
more comfortabledealing with the online World than you are in RU
(real life). You think a lot of the old ways are just so much mystical
mumb6-juimbo, even though they do seem to work sometimes. You
I just wish gaining enlightenment was as easy as writing code,
Equipmenti;Customized PC laptop with high-speéd cellular modem, zippered case of
CD-ROMs, Norinco Tokarev 9mm, backpack (to stasheverything in)

NAME: Shadow Hacker MATURE: Acchitect BALANCE: 2a)anced

PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Vectivex DIRECTION: Centex
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Deviant Wu:
ATTR}BUTES

PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength, @@0000 Charisma @@0000 Perception, @@e@000
Dexterity. @©@@@00 Manipulation. 0000 Intelligence e50e2ee00
Stamina_____@@000o0 Appearance___eeoo00o0 Wit_____eeeed

ABjLjTIES
TALENTS SKILLS RNOWLEDGES

Alertness, @@0000 AnimalKen___9000000 Academics____ @@0000
Athletics 000000 Crfts____=~=+000000 Computer___eeee00
Brawl, 200000 Drive 9000000 Finance_____ee0000
Dodge. @2e0000 Etiquette. 000000 Investigation___@®@ee000
Empathy. 9000000 Firearms. 000000 Linguistis___ 000000
Expression, 900000 Martial Arts 000000 Medicine_____9 00000
Intimidation. 900000 Melee__ 975 00000 Occult_____9000000
Leadership. 000000 Performance. @e@0000 Politics___ 9. 00000
Streetwise. @e0000 Stealth @eooood Rituals OO 000
Subterfuge @@0000 Technology ____ @@o0000 Science____—@e e000

ADVANTAGES
BACKGROUNDS RITES
Clack Wind eine Contacts ___® ®0000

Intexnalize __@00000 esoukces _@ @@®000

YnPrana ___e®00000 —___ 000000
0 OEO010 OS OO 'O'0'0
O.G/ OO; O10. — 00 0000
DHARMA? of a Thovsand Whishexst HEALTH
HUN Bruised Q
@e@e@eoooo0o0dd0n Hurt 1Q
Injured 10
WILLPOWER Wounded 20
e@2ee0e00000 oe 24
QH8O0000000 Incapacitated Q
JMBALANCE

ee00d500000

Vad
DEMON CHI



Apernojx: Ausejcjous Wise Cenrjrenes

APPENDIX
AUAPTIEIOUS WISE
FENTIPEDES

Whatis evil but good tortured by its own hunger and thirst?

— Kahil Gibran

Variety is the. watchword for the Path of a Thousand
Whispers. A. singlé: Hollow Reed seeks out a greater
diversity of expetiences than whole wu and courts of Kuei-
jin followingother Dharmas. The concept of exemplars,
so important in other Dharmas, is less critical to: the
Centipedes. No elder cam directly show one the way
through a thousand lives; ‘it.is a path discovered only
through experience, %

Nevertheless, there are Hollow Reeds who achieve
special status among their kind and the courts at large.
They serveas important models because they demonstrate
that the path is legitimate and rewarding. They are col-
leagues more than instructors.

fHararj, Honorep AncEesTOR OF
House Bjshamon

For over 50 years, Hakari ruled as Honored Ancestor
of House Bishamon in Japan (see World of Darkness:
Tokyo for more details). The Bishamon ancestor was a
samuraiunder the leadership of the great Tokugawa leyasu,
and one of the shogun's closest advisors..When his lord
died, Hakari committed seppuku to honor him, to fulfill his
final obligation to hisliege and to deny his lord's enemies
the pleasure of having him executed.

Although he tried to meet his death with the grace
and dignity befitting a samurai, it was a bitter pill to
swallow. When his soul was dragged down into, Yomi
Wan, Hakari was. certain that he had been betrayed,
cursed by Tokugawa-sama's enemies. But they sorely
underestimated Hakari's spirit. He fought his way out of
Hell with his bare hands, clawing his way back'to the
Middle Kingdom to gain revenge on those who sought to
destroy him.

He quickly learned of the existence of the gaki and
that he was one of them. In'time, he returned to Edo and
took a place as a gardener in the estate of Tsunayoshi, the
"dog shogun." Hakari secured-his position within the
palace and-(wearing various masks)..continued to. live
there. He advised the great generals until the shogunate
fell in 1868. Hakari quietly slipped into the background,
hardly noticed by the other gaki as they fought and
struggled to maintain the old ways inthe face of inevitable
change. He continted to live quiet mortal lives, learning
how the face of Nippon was changing as he changed his
own — watching and waiting for his time to come.

Inthe aftermath of World War II, the gaki of Nippon
were in chaos. The Burnings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki
and the devastation of many of the empire's other cities
through more conventional means, left the leading

82

factions indisarray. Although they were agreed that the
ruling ancestor had failed them, they could not agree on
who. was to replace: him. That is when Hakari.saw his
opportunity and seized it, stepping forward to humbly
offer his aid in rebuilding Nippon and restoring the
balance of the tyji, for however long that task might take.
The faétions conferred, and:Hakari was selected as an-
cestor of the Bishamon and of Tokyo, a-duty he upheld
for over 50 years.

Hakari performed his duty to the best of his ability.
But as the years passed, he found himself more and more
involved in trying to keep a tight rein on a court beset by
challenges, from the presence of the gaijin Kindred to the
resurgence of House Genji. His opinions became firm,
then rooted and finally ossified, until the day came when
Hakari looked into the mirror and saw a stranger looking
back at him. A dark mist obscuted his sight, and he could
hear and feel the tortutes of Yomi Wan again. He heard
the mocking laughter of the Yama Kings, and his heart was
filled with shame" He realized that his ambition and his
relentless devotion to.the old ways had drawn him away
from his true-path:

Hakari-sama shocked the Kuei-jin of Nippon by an-
nouncing, in late 2000, that he' was stepping down ‘as
Ancestor of House Bishamori and that he had chosen his
hatamoto Yoshida Ozakirto succeed him. As a follower of
the Howl of the Devil-Tiger Dharma, Ozaki could "offer
Nippon the strength and direction it needs to make the
Great Leap Outward, to crush the enemies of our house
and to lead us into the coming Age." Opposition among
the uji's elders was surprisingly small, thanks to Hakari's
skillful diplomacy. Ozaki ‘took the role of ancestor of
Tokyo with his mentor's blessing; and Hakari-sama disap-
peared into the shadows.

Hakari is seen only rarely at court, and most believe he
has retired fora long period of contemplation. Although
Hakari does spend some time.in meditation, he is far more
active than anyone other than Ozaki\knows. The new
ancestor's favorite geisha, Keiko, is but one ofthe masks
Hakari usé§ to learn about the state-of affairs in Nippon.
and provide those insights to his successor. Hakari spends
the rest of his time investigating the activities of the Kin-
jin and studying the poisoning of Nippon's Chiyseeking a
way to correct the terrible imbalance. Hethas also devoted
some of his time to passing on what he has learned, by
teaching chih-mei in and around Tokyo. This helps keep
them from the hands‘of House Genji.

PROFLE

Nature: Traditionalist

P'o Nature: The Barbarian

Demeanor: Architect

Balance: Balanced

Direction: North

Dharma: Path of a Thousand Whispers 7 a

Attributes: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina p Charisma,

4

Manipulation 4, Appearance 3, Perception 6, Intelli-
gence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 4, Animal Ken 3, Brawl 3, Bureau-
cracy 4, Crafts 4, Dodge 3, Etiquette 5, Expression. 4,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 4, Linguistics 4, Martial Arts 6,
Meditation 4, Melee 4, Occult 4, Performanice 4, Politics 4,
Rituals 5, Subterfuge 4

Disciplines: Cultivation 4, Equilibrium 5, Feng Shui 2,
Internalize 4, Tapestry4, Yang Prana 2, Yin Prana 3
Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 2, Horoscope 2

Yin 5, Yang 4, Hun 4, P'o 3, Willpower: 9

Inthe distant past of the Fourth Age, there was little
role for women in the Middle Kingdom, except as wives
and mothers. One such woman bore her husband several
children, only to die in the birth of her fourth child, the
son and heir he had hoped for. But her husband did not
mourn her properly and quickly took a new wife into his
home and bed.

Ashersoul fell screaming into Yomi, the woman cried
gut at the injustice of it. Had she not been a faithful and
dutiful wife? Had she not served her husband and family
well? Why was she condemned to this fate? Her righteous
anger gave her strength, and her love for her family gave
her purpose, She fought her way up out of the torments of

Bppenpjx: Auspicious Wise Cenripenes

Hell, rent the Wall keeping her from her mortal body and
took the Second Breath.

Forsome time, the woman kept watch over her family

froma distance, her shame never allowing themtoseeher, |

while she fed off unwary travelers. Soon; tumors of bandits
orsome kind of plague spread through the area. In time, a
stranger came and found her, told her what she was and
what she could be and led her away from the only home
she'd ever known. Under this master's tutelage, she set
aside the life she once lived and took the name Marble
Gong, stepping onto the Path of a Thousand Whispers.

Her first mortal masks offered Marble Gong a taste of
the world she never experienced in life: Two of her first
three lives were as men, and in her masculine guise, she
saw whole new worlds open up before her. The experience
was exhilarating, and she wanted more. It became easy for
her to lose herself in the experiences of her new lives,
pretending she was someone else and forgetting about the
frail and sheltered young woman she had been. Time
passed quickly as she drank life to the dregs, only to find
the taste surprisingly bitter.

Wearing the mask of a Chinese officer leading troops
against the invasion of the Mongols, Marble Gong came
to the aid of a young soldier, but too late to save him from
being grievously wounded. She asked the young man's
name and was startled to learn that he was her grandson,
the son of her son, the child she died in bearing. In that
moment, her eyes were opened and she was enlightened.
She ended her grandchild's pain, and her mortal mask'was
lost in that battle, never to seen again. Marble Gong found
new purpose in her unlife and strove for enlightenment
along her chosen path.

Throughout her mortal lifetimes, Marble Gong sought
balance in all things, as well as the elusive peace brought by
enlightenment. She delved deeply into the secrets of the
Yin and Yang Worlds, becoming known as a wise woman,
skilled in ritual. She studied with the subtle ladies of the
Wu-Keng and learned many secrets through her sympathy
for these outcast sorceresses. Most importantly, to her, she
played roles as both man and woman, learnipg'to balance
those halves of her nature and coming to understand them
as few mortals ever had. She also found new purpose and
meaning inher role within her wu, where she was like a
gentle mother and stern father to her fellow Wan Kuei.

She wrote many letters of her observations from her
various lives, inspired by the works of Song Zhen. In time,
she helped establish the Five-Petal Lotus, a wu formed
entirely of Wise Centipedes, one facing each direction,
with herself in the center, helping'to guide her juniors
along the path. The wu achieved many things in its time,
serving as emissaries of the August Courts of the Quineunx
and conducting delicate negotiations between and for the

ancestors. The goals of the Five-Petal Lotus were peace,
balance and harmony.

When negotiations between the ist Courts and
the Beast Courts broke down, leading to the likelihood of

war over some contested dragon nests, the Five-Petal
Lotus expressed its disagreement with the selfish ruling of
the Quincunx by Embracing the True Death. The mem-
bers of the wu gathered and Faced the Eye of Heaven
together with great composure and respect, turning to dust
and ash that was ¢arried away on the winds. Shamed by
this display, the August Courts re-opened negotiations
with the Beast Courts and came to an agreement over the
dragon nests.

That was centuries ago, but Marble Gong may not be
finished teaching the Hungry Dead just yet. Tales coming
from the Jade Court suggest that the Thousand Whispers
bodhisattva has. returned from her long sojourn in the
spirit worlds, reborn in body to help guide Kuei-jin (and
the Wise Centipedes in particular) through the changes
brought by the coming Sixth Age. If Marble Gong has
returned, no oné in the courts of t the Quincunx has

confirmed it. Butthen, the: im ee may travel

fered
Kuei-jin, Omi ved mortal life, Reece, a ide
and then a farmerin a small village. He died defending his
home from bandits who burned his house and killed his
family. When he fought his way back through the tortures


of Yomi, Omi's first act as Kuei-jin was to hunt down the
bandits and kill them all with his bare hands. His actions
attracted the attention of his fellow Kuei-jin, who found
Omi surprisingly calm and rational; his bloodlust sated by
completing his ‘verigeancéHe humbly asked their assis-
tance in learning more' about his new state of being.

Omi provedan able student in the ways of the gakiand
quickly earned his placeamong them: He wished to repent
for the violence of his first acts after taking the'Second
Breath and spent much of his koa wearing mortal masks of
service as a wandering priest, beggar and physician. He
balanced his desire for vengeance with kindness. and
compassion for all living things. Themhe followed the life
of a soldier on¢e more, then an artist, and many other
masks since. ‘

After a century of unlife, Omi recognized that‘he had
a ‘talent for teaching-and devoted himself to a wu that
sought out and helped chih-mei and'other newly reborn
Kuei-jin, either educating them about their placein unlife
or destroying them to protect the Middle Kingdom. As a
teacher, Omi's methods were sometimes harsh and often
unorthodox, particularly when compared to the tried and
true methods used bythe Devil-Tigers to whip new Kuei-
jin into shape (often literally). Still, his successes spoke for
themselves, and many of Omi's students chose the Path of
a Thousand Whispers as their es So following in their
teacher's footsteps.

Omi.opposed the rising tide of akuma in Japan during
the early years of the 20th century. When akuma-influ-
enced gaki flooded into Shanghai in 1937, Omi and a few

other Japanese Kuei-jin loyal to House Bishamon fought
againstthe agentsof the Yama Kings, some of whom were
Omi's own students. The sensei-felt an obligation to
correct this grievous imbalance. In short order, Omi
became well-known by the Silent Mandarins of the Chi-
nese Flesh Court. Although they suspected the Scarlet
Centipede ronin of being a spy or a traitor at first, his
actions proved his worth to the besieged Flesh Court.
They accorded him status as a jina of the court and came
to rely on Omi's knowledge of gaki ways and customs in
fighting the invasion of akuma.

Long after the war between Japan and China ended,
the Kuei-jin continued to wage theif shadow war in
Shanghi, with Omi-sama asa general among the Silent
Mandarins. Omi lived several mortal masks in and around
Shanghai while carryingouthis duties. His presencein the
Flesh Court also made him valuable to the uji of Japan,
allowing him to act as an emissary from the'August Courts
to the Noble Houses of his homeland.

Recently, the Silent Mandarins and theirallies finally
purged Shanghai of the inyading gaki, returning the Flesh
Court firmly to the control of the Quincunx. However,
rather than becoming a hero to the Kuei-jin of the Flesh
Court, Omi quickly becamean unpleasant reminder of the
foreign barbarians who had plagued them for 'so. long.
With no further need of his assistance, the mandarins of
the Flesh Court have been subtly pushing Omi aside,
hoping the ronin will simply leave and be forgotten.

Unfortunately for them, Omi is not so willing to
leave his adopted home: He still feels there is much work
to be done in bringing the Flesh Court back into balance,
whatever the mandarins may think, Hehas begun teach-
ing once more, trying to balancehhis longtime of hunting
akuma with teaching proper behavior'to new Kuei-jin.
Many find his foreign ways and ideas, coupled with his
Dharma, strange and unusual, but he keeps hisnumber of
students low and works to remain outside the notice of
the mandarins of the Flesh Court, who have far larger
concerns. Still, there are those in Shanghai who would
like to ensure that Omi has no place in the new order,
and they may be willing to go to great lengths to ensure
his departure.

Because he took the Second Breath relatively late in
life, Omi_still looks like a dignified older Japanese man
(when not wearing some disguise or mask, that is). His
humble appearance and manner often lead others to
underestimate the Scarlet Centipede master, whois in fact
ahighly skilled warrior, with a razor-sharp tactical mind.
Omi is also skilled in the art of Demon Shintai, capable of
assuminga terrible battle-form that hassentakuma scream-
ing back to: Yomi on many occasions.

Aprrwojxs Auspjcjous Wise Ceumpxpes @) Z : 85
Suapow Puppet, Secret =

Green Courrs

The Hollow Reed known as Shadow Puppetis one of
the Bunraku, who follow the north direction and work to
maintain the balance of Kuei-jin society behind the
scenes, from: the/ shadows. She is fairly young in her
unlife, having taken the Second Breath sometime within.
the past 50 years. Giyen her association with the Green
Courts of Korea, it is most likely that she — like many.of
the younger generation of Green Court Kuei-jin took
the Second Breath during the Korean War. That time
saw the rise of many new Wan Kuei in the Green Courts,
as well as the increasing presence of the Kin-jin and the
influence of the West.

Shadow Puppet first made herself known as an agent
of the mandarins of the Green Courts' several decades
ago, working to preserve the delicate political balance
the courts rely upon for theit continued prosperity. She
acts asa messenger, spy and assassin for the ancestors, but
she also appears devoted to maintaining the equilibrium
of karma throughout the Green Courts and elsewhere.
While many Korean Kuei-jin are motivated only by the
demands of survival and profit (in the form of jade),
Shadow Puppet seems to follow a higher calling. If the
ancestors of the Green Courts are displeased with her
actions, they show no outward sign of it, Certainly, there
ate many Kuei-jin — in the Green Courts and elsewhere
— that fear her reputation.

This reputation is enhanced by Shadow Puppet's
penchant fot dressing entirely in black and her renowned
ability to appear in disguise or to blend with the shadows
to remain‘unseen:Everyone who has ever seen Shadow
Puppet's unmasked face describes‘a subtly different ap-
pearance, some claiming she is not Korean at all but
Chinese, Japanese, Malaysian or even Western. Some
have noted that she speaks a number of languages fluently
and knows a great deal about the Parallel Path of the
Green Courts.

Shadow Puppet's:normal method of operation is to
investigate matters of concern to the ancestors, both in
various guises. and by observing from the shadows. She
reports her findings to ‘the ancestors, who decide what
action is warranted, ifany. Ifsheis charged with correcting
an imbalance by destroying it, she leaves her calling card,

asmall black cloth puppet, somewhere close to the target.
This allows him the opportunity to mend his ways or, at
least, put his affairs in order. After accepting an assign-
ment, Shadow Puppet has never failed.

In truth, Shadow. Puppet is "not the name of an
individual at all, of a wu of north-facing Wise Centipedes
gathered at the will of the ancestors of the Green Courts.
They are all women devoted to the goal of maintaining
balance throughout the Green Courts and to serving both
the ancestors and the spirits of their land. Much of Shadow
Puppet's reputation for disguise, knowledge and preter-
natural speed derives from the deception that theres only
one of her. The.members' of the wu have many mortal
masks between them in places of influence in Korea,
allowihg them to carry out their work. Only the ancestors
of the Green, Courts know the truth about the Shadow
Puppetwu. Anyone else who finds outis not likely to have
much time to do anything with the information.

Weak a Thousand Broken Masks
We live among the breathing masses, learning from our
many lives like the centipede learns from its steps. Each

brings us closer to the Hundred Clouds, and each is
forgotten when it is over. We are an enigma but also an

answer. We are all things and nothing
Can you be one of us?

End A Thousand Broken Lives
Dharma Book: Thousand Whispers is the third Dharma
Book for Kindred of the East. It is a complete guide to

playing the enigmatic chameleons of the Middle
Kingdom. The secrets of the Broken Mask Technique,
in which a vampire lives mortal lives, await within,
ilong with many new rites and powers, prominent
characters and new facts about the Asian

World of Darkness
Dharma Book; Thousand Whiskers
Includes:
¢ The secrets of the Broken Mask Technique, from
impersonating mortals to changing lives
© New powers and rites for the Wise Centipedes

© Conversion rules for Mind's Eye Theatre
live-action play

ISBN 1-58846-200-5 WW2906

$14.95 U

I) Uh ss

DARKHES
