# File: Thrashing Dragons.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------


When I was agirl, I used to dream about the future I would
have. I knew I'd fly away on Gammera to save the world, or be
like Trixie, going on adventures with Speed in the Mach 5. I'd
play for hours, imagining all the things I'd do when I grew up.


My grandfather BZ
had been an officer in
Manchuria during the

My mother was
good-hearted but
conservative, the

war, and died there. -°=
He had made friends
in the service, though,
and they looked after
my father. Daddy was
a lawyer, part of the
government ministry
that helped the
keiretsuwork together.
He was stern, and he
smoked, and I never
saw him very much.

| | daughter of one of

grandfather's
friends from the
service, She always
smiled, and it

\ | seemed like there

were things she
wanted to say to
me, but never did.

T didn't have many friends. I studied and read, and waited for the romance that would carry
me away. I was young, then, and it seemed like some great adventure was right around the corner.

ga

—


Mother died when I was fourteen. The doctors said it was
abrain embolism — instantly fatal. Whatever she had meant
to tell me, she couldn't say it now. Father said nothing. I
suppose it was nothing new to him, to be left alone.

a

i
| if
| I .

ial _[L _
TTT TEM PETA TTT TOT TT

m0

i AAS

\
Father helped arrange a fe
my marriage, but he was
very modern about it. He > c
made sure I approved. Even Ww 3

made sure it was a love

match. Maybe it was really /\ a |

love, or maybe I was just fe
hoping for that adventure. \ \

The ceremony was beautiful. I actually fainted,| _ _
something I refuse to let embarrass me, even now. My}
dreams were finally taking flight, and even if I wouldn't
be driving the Mach 5, I was now the wife of a promising 4
young executive. N


La

But promising young executives work long hours. When
my husband wasn't working all night, he was drinking
all night. Men who didn't party didn't make the right
connections, and ended up in the back of the office tribe.

figs i

mn

T used to watch the trains go by our house and
dream that each one carried a bit of my life away with
it. Commuter trains in the morning and the evening,
freight trains in the afternoon and late at night. I felt
as though I would live that way forever.

O84


My husband was a brilliant man, but not brilliant enoug
to serve his company. When the insurance firm he helped
captain declared bankruptcy, he hanged himself. He did it
at his office — to spare me, I think.

Inthe days before he died, I knew what he was going to
do. I wanted to beg him not to die, but the life I had chosen
never prepared me to say such words.

i


My guilt was without words or reason — I didn't even
know why I wanted to die. I helped myself to a handful of
sleeping pills and sealed a plastic bag around my neck, just
as that American death doctor recommended.

But death wasn't the end. The train that took my soul away

rs pee to Kakuri Yomi was full of broken souls, and the ticket-taker

i ms punched my hand to mark my fare. I hadn't known the world|
Se could hold enough wounded lives to fill that train.


Kakuri Yomi is a hell of snow and blackness. Of my time
there, I remember only fragments. My ashes had been
scattered by the time I returned, and I swirled together at
acrossroads in the night. A snow-woman, I took the warmth
of several before the Devil-Tigers caught me.

\
‘

Ca,


The train will not take my life away from me again.
Tama dragon, catching dreams within my coils. Tama
iger, shredding nightmares with my claws. This is my

What the doctors could not give me, my corpse-bod
provided gladly. I have a child now, and I will raise her and\

teach her as best I can in the ways of living. xistence now, and I neither bless it nor curse it, but

fy I thank Heaven for every sunrise the August Personage
Sy permits me to see.

A\\ WP 7


é °® Grorraey C. Grasowskj
Vani creaTeD BY Mark Rein © Hacen


This book uses the supernatural
entertainment purposes only. Reader disci

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800
Check out White Wolf online at

http://www. white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolt
PRINTED IN THE UNITED STATES.

Publishing, Inc.
Changeling the

Thousand Hells are elie
characters, names, places and

duct in these pages is not a cha

games frp storyteller

e Dance of the Thrashing

sidebar at the ¢
eth" chapter.
final say a


: NS [EE
‘asus Faces
ENDIXS
App



All we desire is to ge uch % glk
existence can give, to ex anh it passes
utmost pleasure it can afford. Our only trouble is that the b

can hold no more while the mouth is still greedy, and the p
of the body give out while the lust is still strong.
—The Chuang Tzu, trans. Arthur Whaley

o portray themselves _unliving state makes it very difficult to truly understand
g undead mon- _ this teaching tool.

olars, as devils, And yet, Thrashing Dragons still strive to reach
a vi spiritual perfection through the study of life. They seek to
are — monsters surviving from ight ife penetrate its illusions, to understand its wisdom and to
of others. But one Dharma embrace' i ne learn its lessons in the instinctive fashion of a beast. Thei

Dharma accepts the Cathayan's undea oad is a hard one; their bodies are numb, their appeti
it central to its beliefs. alld

This Dharma is the Dance of the
Each vampire on this twisting path belii
way to enlightenment is observation of
nature. This is known as the maya, the ill
and each follower accepts wholehea


is to existence

Resplendent Cranesiand,Devil-Tigers. Though it is not a
persecuted cult, Dharma's memibers are often at a
sadvantage in political matters and subject to the suspi-
n ofthe court. —

: ion is teversed. There, the/pow-
‘the Malay peniinsula rule the South
ll those who travel injthat region mustido

01 ‘bloody c6d@f morality, and many traveling
mg Chinése vampites, have met their endsjat the hands of a
"offend n or at those of one ofhermany lovers.

Regardless6f their location, all Thrashing Drag?
ons share a dynamic approach to enlightenment,
As the Dharmic personifications of the Yang
principle and the eastern way, they
are like green growing vines,
teaching for sustenance.
Where they can find
enlightenment, they
take it, and they
are forever try-

in new di-
rections
and enter
new spiri-
tual envi-
ron-
ments. Be

the Ten Seasons
Sect or a savage penangallan, every Thrashing Dragon
shares the same goal — to understand life's true and brutal
lessons, and thus attain enlightenment.

How To Use Tijs Boor

The Dance of the Thrashing Dragon is a very easy,
Dharma to play as a caricature. But, like the other Kuei-
jin faiths, it has a great deal of depth for serious players to
explore. For all that it focuses on sex, drugs and violence,
the Thrashing Dragon faith is a real religion that strives
to better its members spiritually. The dance provides

poorly with many —

those who follow it with access to true wisdom andaroad

back to the races of Heaven. This book is your guide'to

this dangetous and exotic sect of killers.

Reflections on OursState discusses the Dharma
through the) narrative' of anjeducated and moderate

Qilifieumx mandarin. It portrays the Dharma and its

telationswith the outside.world.and itself, as the "aver-
agé" Thrashing Dragon sees them.

The Holy Rhythm discusses the tenets and sects of
the Dharma abstractly,as well as how themembers of this
Dhaima,view thesP'6. "|

Tiger's Claws, Dragon's)Teeth features the many
Specialized rituals, alternate Disciplin artifacts that
members ofthis. Dharma have devised "the years to

j follow their dangetous and challenging
faith. It also provides advice for play-
ing) Thrashing Dragonscharaé!!'
ters without indiilging in gross
caricature.

Young
Lions
showcases five
starting-level
characters for use as
Storyteller or player
H/ characters.
Faces of the Dance
profiles amiimber of influ-
ential orimportant Thrash-
ing "Dfagons active in the
Middle Kingdom.today.

= wale «The Thrashing Dragonsiate
Pe Sahel NE Giverse feiche@hdhhave many
Specialized words to describe their various beliefs.
Below is a glossary of the technical,terms used in this
book, with a brief definition following.

bajang:Avdisciple in the Golden Courts)who can be of
either the Brilliant'Coals Devil-Tiger sect or the Passion
Bloodflower Thrashing Dragon sect. Bajang must assume
male personas when interacting with their Dharmic betters.
Bone-Eating Dragon: A term for Thrashing Dragons

of the western direction.» accep tira lee
Black Earth Boy: A bodhisattya of the Laughing'
Rainbowsect. He died inthe Infinite Thundets Courté in
the summenjof 1999} fighting the prince of the rakshasa.


ons Sect use for
[trate and manip

angallan, whom she supports by gifting
of her income. There are also langsuir of the

ughing Rainbows: The Thrashing Dragon
ded by Thousand Crane Mother after she ente:

dred Clouds. This sect takes a moderate approa

e Dharma, preaching moderate action and contempla-

tion of nature as well as sensation and bravado as legiti-

mate avenues to Enlightenment.

Laughing Falcon: A bodhisattva of the Ten Seaso:
Sect. He still walks the Middle Kingdom, dwelling among
the Uigur people of Mongolia.

Magistrate-Subverting Dragons: A term fora Thrash-
ing Dragons of the eastern direction.

maya, the: The illusion of creation, made as a teach-
ing tool by the August Personage of Jade. Kuei-jin have no
natural connection to the maya, but Thrashing Dragons
seek an intellectual and spiritual union with its wisdom.
Roughly equivalent to what other Kuei-jin call the Tap-
estry, although it encompasses the Middle Kingdom and
Mirror Lands as well.

Moon-Eyed Tiger: Founding bodhisattva of the Thou-
sand- Faced Thunder sect. Moon-Eyed Tiger left the Middle
d of the Fifth Age, and it is scandalously
tractors of his sect that he left after his

Yang-oriented extremist
in the Malay Peninsula.

Bloodflower sect. Penangallan are spi tua
creatures who have proven their valor,
ability to detach their gut mass, and have
test of their capabilities. There are also per
Brilliant Coals sect, and itis not unknown
to have langsuir of both sects. Penangallan is
generic term for any member of the Passio'

_7

dhisattva of the Ten

the half-
damned, used hampyr or

Shade Walke

of the
in which
distilled and revealed
Dharma, so that the Re
Dharma could be as broad as t

sect: Religious group within the [ a based on the
teachings of one of the various bodhisattvas who have
reached the Hundred Clouds. Thrashing Dragons can
normally only join a sect after they have achieved ling, and
not all do. The Thrashing Dragon Dharma has four major
sects: the Thousand-Faced Thunders, the Ten Season Sect,
the Laughing Rainbows and the Passion Bloodflowers.

Teachers of Dancing: A term for Thrashing Dragons
of the central direction.

Ten Seasons Sect: A Yin-touched sect founded by
the bodhisattva Old Man Spider. Thrashing Dragons of
this sect study what they call "gardens of the second sort,"
meaning families and communities of organisms. Mem-
bers of this sect are very subtle, and pride themselves on
their undetectable manipulations.

Thousand Crane Mother: The first Thrashing
Dragon, and the first bodhisattva of the sect. She walks
the Middle Kingdom even to this day. Thousand Crane
Mother performed an act known as the Scattering of the _
Seeds early in the Dharma's history, and opened the
Dharma to many competing schools of belief.

rane Mother
innings of the
{vampire on the

of eae


oe

‘ou have returne:

of all — turning your back on

es, you were sentenced

in the Yomi realms. Doubt-

pressed most of these memories,
Il too well.

dey

im glass ai nd che

loating World
velt during yo

continue to indulg

» the

ou are now face

yor

inig

y

e

la

the good humor of

e Agigust Person-

peda

foads.

al

eternity
ming back
in which

You may
and blind

behavior. In this case, Heaven will shortly frown
upon you, and you will lose the tenuous grasp on
enlightenment you currently possess. You will be
reduced to your naturally savage state, and either be
slain by righteous men or used as a hunting hound by
your wicked brothers and sisters. Overall, I do not
recommend this course of behavior, but it is not my
place to make these choices for you.

Alternately, you may attempt to improve your-
self, and pursue enlightenment. Even when you were
alive, this was much more difficult than self-indul-
gence, as you well know. Now that you are no longer
alive, the task is a hundred times more difficult. The
world and the natural process of living are means
provided by the August Personage for individuals to
attain enlightenment. Every enlightened individual,
from the Buddha to Chih the Brigand, has attained
this state through observation of events and medita-
tion on the natural order.

Alas, as a dead thing, you are now at a disadvan-
tage. You lack the inherent connection of all living
beings to the natural order. You no longer eat, shit or


10

breathe, and should your heart beat, it is nothing
more than a useless spasm. You céuld cuit it from
your chest and continue on just as easily in fact,
I often recommend this experiment to younger
Kuei-jin, to impress upon them just how distant
they are from creatures which are truly alive. No,
no, you need not look so concerned. I will not be.
performing it on you — that sort of exercise is for.
those who follow a path different than our own.
The effects of your condition are far more
dramatic than a few unholy appetites. Lacking this
connection to the celestial order, you are forever
an outsider to the maya, the illusory tapestry of
creation. You may watch the play, but you can
never truly participate. You may go through
the motions, but you may never truly perform
the acts. You are truly a hungry ghost, forever
ravenous for the taste of life, yet never able to
sate that hunger. A moment of profound re-
gret fon your misdeéedssandwasted life. might
be appropriate at this point.
Yét; your situation"is not hopeless. Al-
though"you provedsunable.to achieve en-
lightenment during your mortal,existences,
and although it is a hundred times harder
fiow,, it is still possible to gain a true under-
standing of theymature of creation, and to
transcend your damned State.Perhaps ifthe
prospect of true wisdom and spiritual har-
mony is not itself sufficient to luré you, you
might wish'to reflect on the fact that ifyou
fail, your soul will fall into,the Mouth of
Yomiand there be constimed by the ulti-
matedarkness. There, the agonies you would
suffer areva thousand times gréater than those
of the Yarha Hells.
Though you may,not'participate in life, you
may stillobserve. Though you can no longer act
in the play of creation, you may go through the
motions and savor the faint memories of life's
sensations. From these, you may learn lessons,
and slowly gain insight into creation, even
though you now exist outside of it. Your lessons
must be learned from afar, for you are no longer
sitting in the classroom. You have proven your-
self unable to sit still at your desk and take
lessons. Now, if you wish to learn, you must do it
by peeping in on the other students through a
crack in the wall. Luckily for you, you are not
alone in this inability to heed life's most basic
lessons. Your fellow Kuei-jin have proved them-
selves to be likewise thickheaded. Working t6-
gether over the millennia, we have compiled
some notes on what goes on in the classroomand.
which craéksvare best to peer through for which
lessons" They do not amount to much, but they
are something.


ou must first learn to

id opened you
d you. These arelyo'

ge ife of dissolution, 6 d every possible "path leads to
d udies. : the Face of the Gods heresy can s
will teach you what I can w are here, Kué 's soul for some time, and lend a

nd then I will send you out into th d, as the degree of understanding, but their truth is not strong
iger sends her cubs. Perhaps you will id intime enough. Climbing that ladder of enlightenment, a
to learn more, or perhaps not. The wot ahard Kuei-jin ascends as high as he can and finds the ladder
place for young vampires, and you are not g pteed is too short or the top rungs are broken.

a moment's life. ‘ In sugh Matters,the proof is always provided by

iF isattva in the faith. A faith

THe Narure ol ENUGHTENMENT va in i f

You are -jin reach true enlighten-
probably asking, "what is enlighten: J 1g!

s oundation. Kuei-jin who
, and why must I have so much of it? A mortaLn ok forward, at best, to an

ome a bodhisattva with but a fractiotof the ¢ as. they are trapped on a path with

owing far less of the true natureof mo fortunate, there are the
answer the first question is bot the'Yama Kings and the plunge to
\ give you a comy s on,or mindless rampage when they con-

if could, I woul E t failure of their flawed Road Back.

s thatsthe bodhisattvas of the Five

1€r to suppress heretical faiths —

$such a path has nothing to look

enment heré ali ) , s i 6Pdestruction.
too big to

to show ingall ationce, you might only Ee \T}ONS OF
understag othing at all. This tells you Ou Re ® re
g about enlightenment — it is

heals

Though our a is a valid one, that does not
mean that we have not faced persecution. To explain
why others often hate us, 1 must teach you a bit of
history. Once, the Wan Kuei were the Wan Xian,
divine protectors of the world against demons, black
gods, wicked sorcerers and other such anathema. But
the Wan Xian bargained with the Yama Kings. They
learned how to draw out the breath of the living and
gain might by consuming the life-essence of mortals.
This gave them great power, but only at the cost of
great excess.

In return for their gift, the Wan Xian agreed not
to make war on the Yama Kings, and quickly turned to
swho are less enlightened fighting one another instead. Year by year, their deca-

abides in Canton another dence and pointless bickering grew, and their depre-

swith everything the Thou- dations increased, as they drew more and more on the

owasked both for the _ life essences of their mortal subjects. Finally, Heaven

day, one wo ou dawn while the other could stand no more and the age of the Wan Xian
Rswer dusk. " bodhisattva is also Came to a close. The August Personage of Jade, ter-
ing saint™ Floatitig World Tible in his final displeasure, laid waste to their an-
to-ard-othe: htenment. eee capital of Meru and cast them forth into the
world like chaff. Yet Diaspora was not the full extent

hiagyiiuat there are of Heaven's anger. Because the Wan Xian had stolen
life from the living, their own breath was stolen as

i ed our Dharma,
gdom. She is a bodhisattva
ity who remains here in the

important fo re
manly roads to Héaven, e mare all together

in the same boat. Thé Arhat aid itmthe d if
history that the Dh4¥mas#hus oko war smBhgae well. Because they had come to be nothing more than

thieves and murderers, it was dect@
souls of the unrighteous would joi
would be known thenceforth as the
Ten Thousand Demons, and never
as a people know Heaven's favor. Stripped
power and their lives, the fallen Wan Xian were

corrupted — retained much of their former power. "
They protected the newborn Wan Kuei, and sheltered _ living things'that had been stripped of life. The favor
them against the dangers of their new existence. that Heaven withheld was not heroic station, but
Behind the shield of their half-fallen brethren, the connection to the tapestry of creation.

accursed creatures who came before us struggled to Fighting broke out within their, and the

find the roads to Heaven, by which individual Wan a
Kuei could achieve enlightenment and escape their
accursed state.

The first

faith soon split. The proponent
ssociated with the southei
ments 6ffire and thunder.

fall was a spiritual one be:

sophical reaction to this new
any among the Wan Kuei
ecret

; who accepte th
to embrace it. Many of the he fir s*

tt were bullies and evil ast became known as the
i ile oth Hoy w whirkto and fro. through lif

it dominate s rs
set itself up worl niste »decadence. The Devil-Tigers
hate us, ee our lovéefor the world, and they
cannot rego eit own hatred. Because we
tefuse to be; ated from? the world in which we
exist, two great rivals for the fate of history will paus
to condemn us for our lack of rectitude.
Learn this lesson well — few individuals a
comfortable with the idea of truly experiencingytl
world around them, and among the Gui Ren, tho
individuals are especially rare. As you mak

Warrior Empire was sup-
nd feelings that had given rise
to it were still a very real part of the opinion of these
young Wan Kuei. To accommodate the many differ-
ent views of enlightenment among their followers,
the Yellow Emperor and his peers codified and pro- The Fivefold Way
mulgated the Great Principle. The Fivefold Way be-  cution in some place
gins with the Way of Origin: that all Wan Kuei were discrimination eve
brothers in their curse. It was taught that solongasan__ our faith.
approach to enlightenment was valid, there was to be
no persecution of its followers. On The Truth 0
Xue was enlightened at that time, and began to
teach the lessons and have the arguments of rhetoric
that are collected in the Ki Chuan. He taught of the,

of everything that the:

without memo-
is is the Dance

l, aggressive and deca-
is. We admire and
not as we thinki it had

the jungle
u can; eat whe! is
is is the wisdomiof liv ld. B ation o da ion ruins in
from that world d profoundly ed onal.
an's hands strike clay. mate,and itis its lesser form, deliberately cour
nt memory of rutting. To imme! elves in life ri ess, there is much living to be doné:

e degree that we can appreciate i awaken our physical symptoms of various diseases are themselves
‘ouls to the glory of life's bloody struggl agreat educational. Various jaundices, dysenteries, fevers

deal of living we must do to reach epiph: fe and other sicknesses teach one a great deal about the ont

Hearing this, you may ask yourseli the _ process of living and dying. And if you become over- ques

purpose of our search for enlightenment is, ifourgoal balanced,w ang, then know that Heaven will ong
is only mindless hunger and carnal satisfacti¢ n- favor Yo a ‘orgdiseases will seek you out as

\ deed, if those were our only goals, we would ric i a finds aiscrap of dropped bread. é

sreach enlightenment, but become flesh-eaters se this Toute emember that your court
ead. Our indulgence in life sensation and exp t behavior, and may well be full

is done not for its own sake, bu dislike you'for your faith. Becoming
ere is a time, when a bli@phealth does not typically
the body is ruled : ow Wan Kuei. If you come to
pse the true si a bearer of plagues, know that
maya. From such»glii fizst, and that the ancestors will
ot comé 9 4 u y ou of a danger of your form,

of killing. p bare-handedly or ult to clearly understand at the

ing more ortal could hope to sur- Road'Back, but which is of crucial
vive. Th > pattern of life than fight- in ou danger is the immense span

or-flight sensory overload. Life is of yéur an Kuei, you run a very real risk
ing and caring for the sick, of having quite literally done it all — having tasted
"mate and sighing with plea- all thé taste , danced all the dances and fought all
of the fights that will ever matter to you. Too much
indulgence in physical pleasures early in your exist-
ence can leave you laboring for centuries later on the
Road Back to achieve enlightenment of the most
abstract sort.

As in the wild, exploration is the province of the
young and daring. Do not walk the obvious path in
your youth. When you are young and auspicious
occasions are more frequent, try all sorts of audacious
experiments. Even if you learn little, you may find a
bit of enlightenment, while if you were to do the
same later in your life, you would have to take away
far more from it to progress. Certain events will
always carry impact — your first ritual suicide, your
first death froma terrible disease, your first child. Try
to save them for your years as an elder, when auspi-
cious occasions are the rarest of moments. I can tell
you this now, and you will not understand, and when
you are my age you will know how many events you
have burnt up that you will never be able to have for
the first time again. You have a very long life ahead
of you. Don't live all of its significant moments in

Bro be used perience ble. your youth, or you will be left with a long and

Death and serio' e, the most meaningless twilight ahead of you as you for the

obvious examples. Without danger, Wwe can survive completion of the Road Back.

nost in your mind that this
is not simple physical in-
o experience the sensa-
the dance. To take part in
réal and visceral way so
understanding of the
nop form of self-
estate. While our
v 6 our endeav-

»need not alwa' es, it isa


La

hat causes WaiKuei to leavé our Dharma as
tmandafins and accept disgrace and follow another path.
Haying done all the easy and important things in life,
these unfortiinates faceicentiitiesiof searching foramean-
ingful lesson: Many such failures embrace the enigmas of
the Song of SHadows, or the regimerited.existence of the
Resplendent@ranes. The sad husks who survive often rise
to become Some of our fiercest persecutors. Because they
could not walkithe path, they have decided it must be
flawed. There is no answer to these beings, save to dis-
creetly point out their origins. Your fellow Wan Kuei are
familiar with those who cannot bear their former faith,
and give them less voice in religious matters.

and no

such things: We

0 Surround us. The joy and
and the naturally ordained
acter of.


uy compare
igers. There
and perhaps 6
e tempers and

e Devil-TigefSis that th
Bw better parties, and the Resp!
make better bureaucrats. Cranes will also™
persecute you, and are harder to placate than the
Devil-Tigers. The Devil-Tigers simply want you to
be evil — the Resplendent Cranes want you to
reform your morality and compel you to honor their
Eight Letus P; uckily, they want to reform
,,86 their persecution of you is
C ssive — such an action
age of a general attack

outnumbered and disliked, your share
together will probably be considerably larger
local Resplendent Crane magistrate's.

The How. oF THE Devi-Tig&R

The Devils of Heaven are our fellow-travelei
he path of acceptance, but the monstrous nature

L lesson of existencesihh l ers Ire veaimented fashion. Re-
Ives to be ethical r e for their strength on rural
sé place in the uri mber of elder mandarins and
Mete out justice Sattva in residence. A Crane can
r »working his way up through a
unding his own temple and
peror hitng good to be said about ing y any time, many young Cranes
them — ies of the princes of Yomi their temple but not yet
Wan, whi Ives as supplanting. They build one of their own. These
are also beings who consider them- ol from which the Resplendent
@ selves d il, functic i the urban ancestors are drawn.
c i e id a temple, or found a token temple,
with human acolytes and no other Kuei-jin involved.

A few return to their home temple and use their
political skills to climb the temple ladder, or even
found their own sect and attempt to take over a
temple by force of righteous arms.

e center of their jurispru-
world with guns and hooks
appeal their judgements, one

in their own court — courts
e disputes over which Devil-
nént a particular mortal.

i empt to torment you, because
eve you to | ilgengfand without
principle; tl an ducated, that is

ou may, on em. But
In such
gers respect
‘strength, and inflicti i Death on a few of

them will discouragé further hooli


These wandering Cranes are
You can learn much from wate]

problems of the real world. Watchi
struggle, and why some fail while others succe
quite educational. If you can convince thei

gerous young idealists, and they may lash out at you
if they lose face.

Tue Patu oF a THousanp Wajspers
Vampire of this Dharma follow a novel faith, and
one not unlike our own. However, where we look at
the world as events and patterns, they see the worldas minority among the Hungryy they
made up of lives and points of view. They undergo follow a narrow and often dif em
symbolic deaths and rebirths, putting on new identi- with theespect they desery
ties and throwing away old ones. It isa great honor topline you eamnot begin to
guard thé body of one of these vampires while they are
"d ; a te i ut to refu
npires is easie!
edibly difficult. Heh—@ e C ais
es? The Hollow Reeds meet i ye
ace, and learn t i hunting out
is Not,ou
s, its practi- s fs sa , S
y spends twice as j e.Flame of the Rising
if he did it. i e »beings practice what is in
d-trick that, aysia ersio our own faith. Trying
great insight. 0 »" these beings focus with
think; but then, that is great inte: n 4 ishing" or "reliving" their
mortal lives. s is a common belief among thos
who take the Second Breath but resist the call of t
chih-mei state. Confused creatures, they struggle"
make sense of their existence as best they are

n ay and they smile, but 100 years later, when
you cannot possibly defend yourself, they break you.

Learn from them, if you can, and allow them to
learn from you if they are able. Like they area

ry]

our Dharmic antithesis
ich as I to speak adequately

and emissaries to the Yellow Springs, these Kuei-jin
are a subtle and dangerous people. The Shadow Songs
practice a discipline of cold detachment from exist-
ence called the Black Metal Egg. They often avoid our
influence, because they see us as embodiments of the
so-called Sweaty Excited Man, a principle antitheti-
cal to their Black Metal Egg. I can say nothing of this
terminology, save that they take criticism of it very
poorly. Because many of them are skilled killers at-
tuned to the principles of Yin, bone and metal, it is
best to avoid antagonizing them unduly. Simply smile
and allow them to recoil from your presence. Content
yourself with the thought that the reciprocal Yan
spark within them burns so hot that the antithesi
their faith is not a cosmic principle, but tl
tion from a good bout of sex. Some of thi
es if you take into account thi

tem actively discourages

to make a Kuei-jin
important for many o}
affairs, this alone will
one of the Ten Thou:
able it might be to wi:


i ing Rainbor
er het c Sen a i path of the fai
Phis hereti@al fa i ic€d" founder,

adherents believ: e exal ¢

t of divinity by

ve become pring aved Wan Kue <e the rait
worship of morta 2 s ace and all of nature laughs. The
s both their P'o and H s together. other's teaching emphasizes this exuberan
ese creatures are dangerous beings, f teach- quality, and Laughing Rainbows attempt to experi-
ings are pernicious — tempting to the goldbrick in ence their existences to the fullest and without apol-
every Kuei-jin's soul. They are also co ly in ogy, It is a central tenet of their faith that one must

league with the Yama Kings in one way or another, Jearn to love wha t one truly is. Not to love yourself for
for they believe themselves able to deal with these to love certain things about

beings as one prince deals with another. the e accept and take comfort from
Infinite Thunders Court at the edge of the dl A all.

ingdom, our members of our Dharma are co and Crane Mother teaches.
ntly battling the Godlings and rakshasa of.

‘ : and maim it. Cut off one
Godlings are not tolerated in wadapts to its new life. It does not

ts,, They are received with c : e ul e been, nor does it pine for

urts, with stony silenée ore. Now, it is a three-legged

drawn blades and ba ts business as best it can. The

rts and the uji of Japz Rainbow is to be like that dog —

. igation or regrets. The rainbow

= 4 ' t houghts, and nature laughs

Ou unde ant p "to seit. The Le inbow is likewise exuber-

like the D i : ; 1 8 with her as well. | am a

it disorga 3 like the Rootless Trees. d I will make no pretense
do follow different sects, y portrayal.

ely adherence to the teach- he Rainbow faith is primarily prac-
$ i orpse-saint, whg advocates a iced in the civilized lands of northern Asia — the
i proaching Quincunx, the Japanese uji and in some parts of the
Green Courts. There are individual Laughing Rain-
bows elsewhere, but those places are the strongholds
of my path. I hope that after you finish your educa-
tion here at the temple, you will choose to follow in
the Thousand Crane Mother's footsteps as well,
though | will not begrudge you your faith if you
choose otherwise.

We Laughing Rainbows often indulge in sex, drugs
and violence, but our path is not strictly one of
physical sensation. It simply requires a very pure
existence, free of guilt and inhibitions. For many, this
does involve physical indulgence, but it is not a
ally fewer uncommitted prerequisite to practice this faith. Laughing Rainbows

e climbs the hierarchy. combine pure living with reflection on the nature of
the intention of finding a existence. Holding the ice of death in one hand, the
ad of the Dharma. As Rainbow reaches out and grasps the fire of life with the
% ween auspicious occa- other. She learns not just from the sensation of fire

g infalter,and and the sensation of ice, but from the differences
ma. Others? who are

re) e surety
, offered) by the teac! a. Only the

truly determined" pression' t n apotheosis of
their own, and openf@ new gate enlightenment
for others to follow.

1

each of the bodhisattvas was
seeker after knowledge,

between them, and the changes they cause within her.

The Laughing Rainbow sect is guided by Thou-
sand Crane Mother herself, who has tutored and
instructed members of the faith since the beginning of
the sect. Until recently, there was another bodhisattva


18
in the Dharma. Black Earth Boys to the ThOtisand-Faced, Thunder sect. Theysacted as
» the méntorand ambassadors to the young' elementals NN

pe Tremendously powerful, and full of
like joy, Black Earth Boy was a terrible foe of darl
In the 1700s, he went to the Infinite Thunders C:
to fight the rakshasa and Godlings of that distric
Recently, when the prince of the rakshasa rose to wall
the earth, Black Earth Boy and two other bodhisattvas
traveled to fight him. All three bodhisattvas and the
prince of the rakshasa were destroyed when the fires of
Heaven were unleashed on the battlefield.

yampires of a sect are reaping, the.
eit erly patronagesg

they make jpact8 and alliances with greater spirits,
they often bind lesser spirits to their service as well. In
recent nights, Thousand-Faced Thunder sect mem-
bers have even begun to bargain openly with urban

Tue Thousanp-Facep THUNDERS elementals, taking them into service without the use
The bodhisattva Moon-Eyed Tiger founded this of binding pacts.
sect early in the existence of the Dharma. It was not _The Thousand-Faced Thanders exploit théitimas.

very long after Thousand Crane Mother gave the ~

speech known as Scattering of the Seeds, and de-

scribed thé\tenets df the Dharma in an abstract

fashién that left moresthan one road open to apo- 2 ai pseeflbnign: fi fail without rea-

-ByedvTiger taught that spititslwere@ «They theinspirit servantsto créate
ationy,and'that to exist near spiri s ss have far mére'to do with, Magic
S€ proximity to the dance of life. i

¢, the outcome rarely appears

je much/more focused on

3 y 6ftheRatural world, but now

ly city-dwelling and be- . th»merchant relations in the
ithicity spirits, particularly urban i S of the sect once used their

‘are powerful spirit

Clouds marked -. end
ugh the Thousand-Faced
respected by other Drag-
a bodhisattva since Moon-

i tee
e Ww: Setaly Misheencl,

But her enlightenment was
not all of her ideas are
enment as she did. Nev-

5 pattern their existences after

i Tate her in all ways.

nal from it
followers share in he
_and,change their"
Payung spent most

) the Passion Bloodflowers take
iatewone. Rather than carefully
venlightenment, their life is a
, sexuality and combat train-
ing. it a' at and combative enough that the
very Kingsare said to fear them. In the model of
the bodhisattva they venerate, they throw themselves
into conflict and keep harems of younger Kuei-jin
held in thrall to them through guanxi rites.

Passion Bloodflowers practice a form of frenzied
ecstatic involvement, for which they ingest rare and
maddening hallucinogens and work themselves up
into a Yang-crazed frenzy. The penangallan enter this
insane and bestial state to hurl themselves at their
enemies, or to dance in mad packs over the grounds of
their properties, tearing to rags of flesh all whom they
come upon. Most terrifying of all, this ecstasy ampli-
fies and enhances the effects of the Dragon Dance.

Predators among predators, these are dangerous
beings. Their violence rivals that of their neighbors,
the Brilliant Coals Devil-Tigers, whom some say also
trace their faith to Piyau Payung. Passion
Bloodflowers are religious fanatics whose fervent
belief is not a menace to the world around them only
because it professes the beauty of the jungles in
which it thrives and from which it rarely expands.
Walk among them with care, and do not subscribe to
their crimson faith unless you truly understand what
faith it is that you avow.

The Crimson Queens of the Golden Courts do not
have a leader. Since the departure of Piyau Payung,


there have been no bodhisattvas attiong them

the penangallan is said to be on théVerg¢'ol attaini
that hallowed state, however, and actgias the de facto
voice of the faith during times of*crisis when
Golden Courts must make their opinion known. This
vampire is called Shout of Anger and dwells inva
temple in the Malay interior. She is served by her
dhampyr acolytes, and also by her harem of lessef'
penangallan. Her followers train with her in contbaty
and she frequently entertains visitors from around the
Golden Courts to debate theology or spar in ritual
combat.

The Ten Seasons Sect is devalil to the venera-
‘ion of nagtite's wonderas a C6mpléx fabric of relation-
yships.,The.sect is so named because its founder, Old
Man Spider, oncé sdid that a disciple who had his wits
about him ould becoffe a corpse-saint after just ten
seasons Ofiobserving'a gardefi. So far, no one has come
close, Butmany have tried,
That is not to say thatthe sect has not produced
bodhisattvas. Peony-Bld88om Princess took the Sec-
ond Bréathin/ the, days of the Qin dynasty and
ascendedinto the Hundred Clouds shortly after
Moon-Eyed Tiger did so, not long before the discov-
ery of the corruption of the Jade Ancestor of Changan.
Laughing Falcon became a bodhisattva in the Three
Kingdoms period and still remains in the Middle
Kingdom. Neither reached sainthood in a mere ten
seasons, but both confirm it to be possible. It is
merely easier, they say, to see the road to enlighten-
ment from the perspective of a bodhisattva than it is
from that of a student. | think that this is a cheap
trick to build confidence in the young, but I can
admit it has value in reminding Kuei-jin that dili-
gent study pays off.

These Dragons are famous for their collections of
night-blooming orchids, but these are not the only
thing they tend. The gardens they study maybe any
complex system of interacting organisms, including
forests and ponds, or most notably, humandultii¥es.

These interloéking blankets of organisms are called,

gardens oF the Setond SOftyand vampires of, the Ten "Men Season Dragons are spymasters. Through their

Tue Teachings oF Pjyav Payunc

This is the enlightened principle of
Wheny

seize food from one weaker than yourself, or steal

tence

yu are hungry, eat. If there is no food,

it from the strong yet stupid. If you cannot eat,
then starve

Fuck when you are horny. If you cannot find
) willing partner, take

taking's better-dres:

what you want or use

sed sister duction. If you

can do neither of those or if they would take too
much time, then masturbate

When in danger, run. When cornered, fight
Do not fight battles that will hurt you — the
crippled tiger cannot hunt tomorrow. If you can-
not run or win the fight, then die
Breed, for children are the strength of their
parent and will continue the parent's blood and
mission in the world even when the parent exists
no more. Children of your loins and of your
philosophy are the only legacies that will not
perish into dust. If you cannot breed successful
offspring, then perish alone and unremembered.

Protect the Tapestry, because there are many
Defend it even
unto death, for you live inside the world, and if it

Against these en

who would tear and destroy it
perishes, you perish as well
emies, you are always cornere
Glory in yourself and enjoy what you can,
will be your

You will

yourself,

because misery, strife and trouble
constant Companions in immortality
not find many opportunities to enjoy
even in a long existence like our own
of life

you are walking down the

This is the wisdom If you use more
words to describe it,

road. Sew your cunt shut and go become a
Crane or Laughing Rainbow if you think that
way. The thunder knows only one word, and that

word shakes the entire world. When you have

learned to live as thunder speaks, then you will

know something.

Seasons Sect tend and sttidy them as well. They,
shape the growth of individual componentsybutthey
also direct the effect and statement of the garden as
a whole.

These Wan Kuei pride themselves onttheir awate-
ness of the world andion.the'splendor of theirgardens.
Most seek top@iligently advance the family, bureau-
eatic départmiény or military unit.they attach them-
selves to, tending and preening generations of succes-
sors and agents. They use their ownspower, spies and
boundSpirits in.these'tasks.. Their awareness extends
Oatward from the family,as well as inward. Using their
spititetiinions and the conneétions of their garden,

ee ee ao

{
|


©. watch their enemies.

sifiselves on the subtlet
he goal of a gardener,
ieve an effect indistinguishab!
nature. A Ten Season vampire whose
spotted by her peers must therefore bet
subtle. To be attacked by the garden of a
Dragon of this Dharma is often indistinguisl
from a run of terrible luck — small coincid
build upon one another, bringing the targe
errible misfortune.
Many vampires of this sect face ea:
h.their gardens in mortal bureaucra
andtuse their influence to
0 inimize the expos
and to play gai
ct is influential al
and thé"

tolerate
the mor

ou took your
of various

Upon witnessing what he believes to be such a
dangerous situation, a Scaled Magistrate does not
himself act, unless the errant vampire is of his own
sect and of lesser enlightenment. Instead, the mag-
istrate reports what he has seen to an elder of the
accused's sect or court who would be better-suited
to assess whether it is legitimate behavior in the
pursuit of enlightenment, or if the vampire is sim-
ply becoming degenerate. Wan Kuei who seem to be
burning out are watched very closely, because the
numb, black chasm of ennui can devour enlighten-
ment in mere weeks or even days. A vampire who is
a young mandarin might one day realize that he can
wfacing north are known as 0 longer draw upon the sensual world for inspira-
e outside our Dharma tion, and that he has become jaded. For such indi-

: ware of the viduals, the chih-mei state can come very quickly.

a tool/for enlighten- As they are mandarins in age if not station, it is

lice the important to apprehend themas quickly as possible.
uch a matter of Their dark powers would make them a terrible

individuals menace if they were allowed to roam the country-

or risks drawing side. Every effort is made to lift these vampires out

down the wrath of th lvesorKuei- of the bestial state to begin the process of recovery.
jin society asawhéle. (|) = North-facing Thrashing Dragons are responsible


for this as Well, anddéarh many tricks for subduing
powerful Ghih-mer. s

Youwate of the northern direction, and while you
may haye'$coffed at astrology when you were alive, let
me assure you that the stargazing of your elders is of
incrediblé accuracy. Even your defiant expression
speaks of the north. You can run into the arms of your
horoscope or you can run away from it, but you will
eventually end up in its embrace.

Sout#

Called Hungry Red Dragons, Thrashing Drag-
ons of the southern direction are the warriors of our
sect. Natural masters of the martial arts, these
vampires are the foremost practitioners of the
Dragon Dance, a Yang-laden battle trance that
forms the heart of the Yang Prana. Its masters bend

with the grace of bamboo and strike with the fury of .

fire. Many of the Thrashing Dragons of the Goldeff
Courts are of the southern direction, and thegPas-
sion Bloodflower philosophy of emotionfand coi
bat skills certainly rewards them — no, suprise,
since PiyauRayung was the greatest Red Dragon the
world has evyenseen.

Southern Dragons Venerate ferocious creatures,
like the shark, wolf or eagle. Some even model theig,

behavior after the habits of these creatures, and these

vampires are known for the deadly animal characters
istics of their Dragon Dances. Others celebrate the
raw ferocity of nature as embodied in natural forcésy
These vampires, sometimes called Thunder*Vefierat-

ing Dragons, are often master _praetitioners"6fthe }

Ghost-Flame and Storm Shintai- aeuneen

South-directed Thrasing"Dragons ate the pro-
tectors of the Dharina agaifist'Supernatural enemies,
and are often involvedjin guarding their fellows against

angry ghosts, spirits, beast*changers, hsien, and even
other vampires. As well as being mister warriors, Red

Dragons have a reputation for being fasttalkérs/They
have the animal charisma of all Southern Kuéi-jinand'

the predator's awareness that itis/better to win asmiall "

victory withousfighting than a great one@t high cost.
ators anidfapid-fire'teachers armed

a
4
4
4
J

d cousins, but aimed
The Magistrate-Sub-

isdeeds of the
ter — preventing ou
would bring demon hun the Shih
n upon the Kuei-jin — is one o} Dharma's endless haatiogd for months or years until the ghost
ontributions to unliving society as a - Other loses heart and abandons the case. This may seem
Dharmas gain influence in mortal ins ons to unjust to you, but it is the way of things. If they did not
further their own agendas — Devil-Ti; do what they do, angry ghosts would dog the steps of
have control of the corrupt, Resplendent inger, disease and luck — these are
seek to manage government bureaucracies j
is the Magistrate-Subverting Dragons who gai
uence purely for the purpose of ensuring a prot
ve silence over the doings of our kin,

vever, the BonésBating Drape ‘simply'
ity to carry jade into the Underwo:

ge

re known to fall to an
lifig we call corpse-kissing
yan undue fascination with
he living. Some even take up
ellow Springs, feeding on ghosts
thing world only for matters of
‘The Scaled Magistrates spend a
; ¢ the spread of the fever, for
certain tha membe : tachment and collapse to
to the sort of tools one
nment. For this reason,
they are ously called Discreet Pros-
titute-P; en. Most do not mind, for

open about "their acti
Ils of power openly. &
nd the lessons of 11

x Dragons of the center are called
g. Students of life, they seek to
procuring of ascertain what questions the world asks of its inhabit-
ants, and how it rewards success and punishes failure.
In doing this, they come to truly understand creation's
goals and patterns. They seek to share this under-
standing with their fellows. Though many belong to
one of the sects, they all attempt to keep an objective
sense of their place in creation. Thrashing Dragons of
other directions who are puzzled by the problems of
existence often take council with one of these phi-
losophers. Discretion is the specialty of the Teachers
s of dying, of Dancing, and it is considered quite disgraceful to
eartbeat's ebb. The cold, take advantage of the confidence between a counselor
g of the Shadow are not and the Dragon who consults with him.
the state of death, while Teachers of Dancing also train young members of
study.the act of dying. They are the Dharma in the ways of the faith. I face the center
heyjlove the feeling of life ending and have lived here at the temple one year out of three
Iso natural scholars, for the past 50. I have educated 17 young vampires
otheirexperimen- like you, teaching them the ways of the faith and

. Every Bo = a ‘oes after the educating them in proper behavior. Centered vam-

ss in a differen tse; some lurk in pires are very important to the Dharma, because we
gues, while others d g ouses. determine the knowledge and history that every
e-Eating Dragons €Dharmaby Thrashing Dragon knows. We define the roots of the
ldking the actions of the a ewith their faith, while the paths of the bodhisattvas form its
ler or the mistréatm of, t lescendents. trunk and branches. If you wish for young Kuei-jin to

Such ghosts can fileffor pérmissio A to inte cedeinthe become familiar with your teachings, it is good to


make friends with some of your cé
convince them of your wisdom.

Orner Marters

The Wan Kuei do not live alone in the
Kingdom. Beyond the mortal swarms, there are spi

demons, skin-changers and magicians of every sa

contend with. The world has changed with the times e

and sorcery and incantation now lurk behind crooke l piri safe to bind. They will not remember
business and corrupt government, engaging in struggles ind after it has ended, and have no sense of
over dragon nests and scraps of occult power. Politely, _self*identity to resent it. Other spirits do have identi-
the mortal world overlooks it, pretending it does not ties, and memories — negotiate with them instead.
exist. You must learn to navigate the maze of this There is a value among the exceedingly long-lived in
magical world — there are many who would use youas being polite. With a life that lasts for

a pawn or bound servant in their struggles. Stay upon century, there is bout
among the Wan Kuei when you're able, and always ness when someone wit!
come to their aid when there is trouble with outsiders. doom."Spirits and wise Ku
The Way of Origin demands loyalty to one's fellow careful no

escapees.) i

ather than reso'

fest essence of the maya,
and reverence as the inc:
e seek.to learn from

ran hy

st is there to an
the actions of its
NOt act out the

ey are the
epresent, and

, they see us as perfect
spirits that have come
ise elders and cool heads
@have access toa fountain of g Ren and Kuei-jin rare, ‘
© Thus, becoming able to there is a Constant rcurrent of tension. Thi:
eirfavorisimportantto shaky peace is marked by violent incidents betwe
ts to understand the youths on both sides, and occasional raids over
world. Members of the _ ters one or both sides consider important. P
sect are the most avid in You probably cannot make friends among d
gs Wi spirit world, though vampires hengeyokai. They do not want anything to

of all the sects become involved with spirit world blood-eating corpses, a sentiment yor
matters from time to time. share if you were not such,
Generally, to earn the favor of the spirits and the you may be able to cot
spirit courts, you must do something that pleases blood-eating corpse whi
them. Sometimes, this will involve an elaborate quest honest. Look at yo
into the Yang world, to retrieve some object of sym- pire, and anyone sta
bolic or ceremonial significance. However, such quests _ likely to be eaten. N
are more typically given to beings with favorable ties can be sure you're no'
to the spirit. As one of the Ten Thousand Demons, ounce of sense in yo
you are more likely to be asked to serve as a fixer of
some sort. Most powerful spirits have mortal or magi-
cal concerns that need watching over and that de-

r ‘ass young vam-
d you for too long is

hat, and they
hose who fail to

ial

are widely disliked. HavingyNezumi as your allies is
valuable butsrarely translates, into influence with
other, hengeyokai.' Tengu raven men are the most
likely to speak with you. They don't like the Wan Kuei
very much, but they listen. If what you tell them#is
worth repeating, they'll spread the word.

You should know that Xiong)Ren who deal with
the Wan Kuei too frequently até known todieespe-
cially terrible deaths, deaths so horriblethavthe other
hengeyokai go to any lengths to cover them up. I'm
not sure of the nature of this — it may be some sort of
divine curse. Whatever does cause it, it doesn't make
them any more eager to deal with us.

Cuy'n Ta

The chi'n ta, the Lightning People, are miracle
workers. They have unlocked secrets that have taken
us a journey through Yomi to discover. They are
mortals who hold the keys to Heaven, and their
power isas frail and mighty as all other mortal power.
They, are magicians, not true shen. They,have very,
poorly developed senses of obligation, and terrible
manners.'They're impetuous beings, and you can

learn a great deal from the life and:times of one.

Unfortunately, their short life spans also mean they
are not terriblyadverse toabusing their might. Real+
istically.or Hot, many expect to move from position
of strength to position of)strength until they die or
reach apotheosis. Thus, some seek to bind you to
their will. Some.use spells that constrain you for a
time, while others seek to enslave you forever. Re-
gardless, this has terrible consequences to your Road
Back. While-you might learn a.great deal as a slave,
you will probably be set to dangerous*or suicidal
tasks. Be yery careful how far you trusta magician, or
you may tegret it for avery long time.

The Lightning People. come in two types. The first
are those™who practicesancient magical forms and
traditions. They/are masters‘of ceremonial Chi-chan-
neling, alchemy, supernatural martial arts atidiprayer-
slipcreation. The foremost among these.traditions are
the WuLung dragonwizards,/and dealings with them
can bequite profitable‘if you are cautious. The other
sort of Lightning Peopleaté more disturbing. They are

called the Five Metal ‘Dragons and they travel the

Middle Kingdom using' Magic and science to suppress
all sorts‘of shen. Their agents often look and act like

‘government investigators, and many carry the identi-

fication, of Various \government agencies. The Metal
Dragons are very acti the electronic world, and so
the*Thousand-Faced Thunder sect often comes in
contact with thefiieTry'to avoid them.

In the time,just"ar, the fall6feMeru, the
hsien fought over whether they. should become in-
volved in the world following the Wan Xian's fall

25

from grace. The arguments led to fratricide, andthe
August/Personage of Jade was offended. The Little
Gods were cast out into the world and set to moving
from body to body. As.a society, they blame the
Kuei-jin for their misfortune:

Today, the Little Godsare Heaven's last agents
on.earth. Some_are animalistic shape-shifters and
others are noble elementals. Alliare practitioners of

-elémentalalchemy. If they would let you, you could

learn: vast amounts about the nature of life from
them. Alas, they will not let you near. The Chi of
the hsien is still divine in nature, the same golden
elixir that the Wan Xian once respired and is thus
extremely addictive to Kuei-jin who drink it. It is
powerful, and creates in us the sensation of once
again ‘being alive: Kuei-jin have preyed on hsien
sinée the time of the Yellow Emperor, and the Little
Gods have little love for our kind. However, they
aré™protective of mature and if you profess your
Dharma, they may recognize you and treat you as
something other than'a deadly enemy. Even then,

‘they will be distrustful. Devil-Tigers are not ad-

verse to lying about their Dharma in order to gain
aemeal of golden Chi.

You may fight with the hsien, make alliances with
themyor just live in'uneasy peace — all are possible,
‘depending on the local conditions and the personali-
tiessinvolved. Whatever®you do, do not drink their
Chi. Addiction to‘itvis, a terrible thing — almost
certainly a death sentence — and to take a single
drink is to be an addict. Your P'o will tell you their
golden blood can make the world more alive for you,
and it is correct. But to attempt enlightenment that
way is a fool's game.

The Sujx

However carefully you pass your existence, you
eventually have to deal with demon hunters. Humans
die and their families seek revenge; this is the way of
things. Though you may be a prince of the earth, your
flesh burns like flash paper and rots in the sun. Live
carefully, and always have someone to guard your
corpse in the daylight hours. Learn to follow in the
crab's footsteps, and cross into the relative safety of
the Yang World during the day if you are concerned
about mortal attack. Do not play with mortals — they
are weak, but the sting of the smallest wasp can
humble a tiger.

Yet single, angry mortals are not our only prob-
lem. Throughout history, a gang of demon-hunters
called the Shih have dogged our footsteps. In the time
of the Qin dynasty, these warrior-monks led a cam-
paign of annihilation against our kind. They failed,
we survived and pulled their temples down. Now, they
are drunkards and wandering vagrants, roaming the
roads, robbing people to eat and hunting bakemono.
If you draw their attention, they are likely to attack,


and their specialized forms of m:
capable of dealing you terrible b

When the Shih come for you, it i:
that you have enemies among the shen. Typ
you lose political face to the point where your ri
think they can survive the backlash of an ass:
tion attempt, they'll feed information of your
do the rest. The Shih are very dangerous people, a
if you manage to survive one of their attempts on you,
you are be better off just counting yourself lucky
rather than seeking revenge. This is especially true
because your rivals are probably watching and ready
to make an attempt on you themselves, and then lay
it at the feet of the demon hunter.

Tut Yeuow Springs

Just as there isa spirit world, there is also a world
of the 4 db the First Sovereign Emperor
a, wart, e

passion. The history‘ O
ion of storms, uprisings
ence in the

to meet
be to return
death in the
asping tight
er has decreed
ed. For us, it is Heaven's
less Dead, it is a choice.

between our kind and
will not feed on them,
ot haunt us for our killing. It
s is truly the case. Certainly,
well-connected ghosts can make trouble for you, and
important Kuei-jin can have other ghosts take care of
spectral problems for them. There may even be bu-
reaucrats involved, and it is even possible they would
be acting in their official capacity. The reality is as
everywhere — those who have influence prosper, and
those who have none are the victim of their betters.
As you will often have little influence at court, it pays
to walk carefully.

The Sun

There is nothing so glorious as the sun. Golden orb,

it rains down the rays of energy that the world needs,to'

thrive and survive. Without the sun, the world would
be a place of ice, starvation, and darkness.
perish, and even death would grow lonely
glorious is.the sun that Heaven could not t
your a rerunners off from it to!
whent agical suns int

as it flees over the horizon to take its light
. You are a creature of the night, but not a
of darkness. Do not wrap yourself in a cloak of
shadows, or shut away the sun from your existence. Do
not think of it as hateful, or as your enemy. The sun is
as the sun has always been — bright ot and true.
It is you who have changed. Gelebr: i
isthe heart of creation's grande
importance to all things,
stray dog ause it is dai

dof the

he Shade
1 they are bound forever in'
to, life and

, and act as go-
nent wu.
y to produce dhampyr
only natural — Ku
y céd toward Yang to repro-
duce, and such imbalances are something that man
of us experience. In addition, the acts of givii
birth and of caring for young are central to li
Thrashing Dragons have reason, and license,
explore these matters.

One of the important things to remem|
you are bearing and raising a dhampytr
you may see it as it will b
educated and responsib|
a mere extension of yoti.
fear, or filial piet
being. If you do not a
his or her own, it wil
your accounting. This y
tary, but it can be vei
dhampyr properly.

Ifyou know thea

6 ff the child. Be
, however. Do so
mayeturn on you and
isely because they will
accident. There
prises. By bindingithe soul of a dhampyr,
rt them forever into a diligent and faithful


Rertectjons on Our Stare

servant. This is excellent if,you are in need of a
diligent and faithful servant, but so much of raising
children is that they/are:not servants, but whole and
independent beings intheir own right. If you deprive
them of their freedom, you"deprive yourself of the
Dharmie education of watching them explore that
freedom — watching how they receive the lessons you
teach and apply them to the real world, watching
what they accept or reject, and why. That all-vanishes
in the moment when the dhampyr's soul is shackled
to your will, and in return, you gain nothing but a
reliable accountant. There are times you will want
accountants, and there are times you will want an
education. Be sure you know what you want
before you irrevocably turn one into the other. q

The Yama Kings
There can be no mention of the Wan Kuei
without mention of the Yama Kings. These be-
ings were once the lords of the Underworld. They
tuled the dead, tormenting mortals souls im. purga-
tion of,their sins, then passing them»back into
the Great.Cycle to be reborn. But power
and dark forces corrupted the Yama Kings.
They fell from their station as Heaven's punishers
andijudges of the déad. They fed on tainted Chi
and catyed'kingdoms out of the twisted fabric of
the Yin and Yang worlds. They sealed their domain
away from the rest of the Tapestry and called it
Yomi Wan, and all the spirit-lands inside it are the
Thousand Hells of Yomi.
The Yama Kingsyhave openly declared their
ambition on the Throne of Heayen.. They trap and
torture souls in the Yomi-hells, collecting the
energy of their suffering and using it to: power
machinations in the Middle Kingdom. Soon;'the
Yama Kings believe,the August Personage of Jade
will abdicate. One of their number will seize the
throne of Heaven, becoming the Demon Emperor,
tearing the Wheel of Ages from its hub, and:usher-
ing in amage of étertial darkness. Each of the Yama
Kings aspires to the crown of the Demon Emperor,
and they vie daily for.the position.
All Kuei-jin must bearatms against the Yama
Kings. This is one ofsthe primary purposes of
the Way of Obligation'=-to prevent the sort of
dark dealings with the Yama Kings that led to
the downfall of the Wan Xian. To deal with
the Yama Kings is a capital scrime. Suspi-
cion'that you are in league with the Yama
Kingsetarnishes you and. you can never
escape its grimy*elutches, even,if the/.,/
allegation is falsey
‘We oppose the Yama Kings and the spirits of
Yomi, but not because,they are unpleasant or
perform an objectionable task in the. cosmic
order. The necessity of demons is evident in the

y
Y
Yj
if

co

fact that Heaven created Yomi and
the first place, and that the Devil-

places, but even the eaters of shit 4
their place in the natural process.

tempted to promote themselves to kings of cre-
ation. They are not just demons, they are mutineers
against the celestial order. They pervert all they
touch, twisting it with their dark power. Animals
are diseased and made self-destructively ferocious,
men are twisted into loathsome goblins, and even
the very spirits are rendered cancerous and twisted
by the blighted touch of Yomi. Those things which
eat the dead have their place, and that place is not
e world in their foul and

Tve wist all

and minor

bviot enough that
keeping one eye
usand-Faced

hunting the

ir rituals or technological
, and their equally

upon signs of corruption by the forces of Yomi. The
Ten Season Dragons are careful gardeners and remove
the problem where it is small or easy to deal with. Yet
they are subtle creatures, and to act boldly would
endanger their gardening. More often than not, they
carefully cover their sources and then let information
slip toa Devil-Tiger or hengeyokai, and allow them to
handle the situation.

Regardless of sect, we are all weary of the power
of Yomi. The wise predator does not engage in
fights where she may be injured. Victory in one
battle is meaningless if it leads to defeat in the next,
Unlike the warlike Resplendent Cranes and Deyil
Tigers, our first question is not if we can
victory, but if we can escape the fray wii
ous harm. Nature rewards the cunniny
ruthless. Iso good to move slowly b
meddle in m

idythen to rise gees greater glory.
rs, these invaders were the steppe-
men of the Asian interior. But when
u Dynasty became weak, the invaders
o vanquished it were not the next nation of
horsemen, but the imperial powers of the West.
They divided up China like devils cutting up a
baby, each taking a part of the country. They used
opium to extract the count and,
its citizenry, and they sup;
@s..The Manchu fell
grasp was Only supplante,
Japanese 4

\ st
uld be less

's do not feel this way.
‘iger and Resplendent
ar terrible grudges against
the We: y true of jina and older
disciples, many of whom died in the brutal condi.
tions around the fall of the Manchu dynasty, the.
civil war and the Japanese occupation. Rather than ~
seeing the barbarians as a novelty to be learned»
from, they treat them as foes to be defeated. Thi:
understandable, but it makes it difficult for us a:
Dharma to study their existence.
The Westerners also b
shores, and that is som
on its own.

KInsin

When the Euro
they brought the P.
terrible supernatural
them. Many stories a
creatures. One of the

Crank

}} ) receive
rficially simi-
iples. They are
he touch of fire
bjugating the
addictive sub-


‘chaos that surrounded the fall of.thé Manchu Dy-

» attempted to test it reported

_ Angelesand who haveilivéd

even true understanding. They are, however, ca-
pable of reproducing themselves by sucking out the
blood of a mortal and then feeding the corpse some
of their 6wn bloéd. They infest many areas of the
West, and haye established warring.conspiracies that
fight for dominance. *

TheKin-jin trace their Litegee back through
the fangs of their creator, and those who do not
know'theit lineage are treated as heiminyaccepted
but without voice. Many among this foul brood
believe that the end of the world is soomto.come, as
the hungry ancients of their breed rise from the
grave in search of blood. This is probably inspired
by some distortion of Xue's teachings about the
Yama Kings.

The Kin-jin are forever seeking to enter and
colonize new areas, establishing their twisted webs

of conspiracy and influence. In the late 19th cen
_ tury, they became firmly established in the Portu-
"guese Concession at later at Hong Kong and would

often come to China in opium-smuggling boats;
seeking'to establish colonies on the. mainland. Care-
ful patrolling kept them out forsa time,

nasty allowed some.colonies to take‘toot along the
coast, We. have never yet.been able to eradicate
these creatures, for they are like rats, skilled at
stealth and hiding, and.able to cover their tracks by
making mortals forget or ignore evidence of their
existence. Theyyare forever smuggling in their fel-
lows and attempting to establish fiefdoms on the
soil of the Middle Kingdom. Like rats, they spread
and infest all areas.

The Kin-jin are terrified officdl and turn to ash
in¢sunlighty It was recently. suggested,that, silver
bullets tid be useful againstithem, butthose who
at silvershad done
went to Los

them no good, Likewise)' Ki

"Ranson ou Ou San ® ‘ wd J 20

they have no particular fear of silverand often. wear
silver jewelry. Kin-jin are creatures of tremendous
physical) power, and are capable of overpowering
even a mandarin.Feral creatures, they typically at-
tack with claws and fangs, though some breeds also
attack with their tongues..Do not meet their gaze;
and.do not drink their blood.. The Quincunx, thé
Great Court of Ancestors, has:ruled that the ances-
tor is the only proper conduit for negotiations with'
these,creatures. If you come upon Kin-jin, you must
report it immediately to the ancestor and the first oni
or barbarian-suppressing general.

In modern times, we have been coming into
closer and closer contact with the Kin-jin, and how
we are todeal with them is an increasingly important
question for us. Some'elders favor striding boldly
intothe West and snuffing out the leaders of their

"vblood-hives, andthen hunting down their children

inthe ensuing chaos. It is said, after all, that this was
doné to a breed of savage"steppe vampires at the
dawn of the Fifth Age»Orhers are more moderate,
and wish to secure the Middle Kingdom first, and
then, having built up their strength, proceed in
careful steps toward eradicating or controlling the
Kin-jin threat.

Tcannot say which philosophy I agree with, but
they-are very real and meaningful threats. For the
laswtwo years, disciplés'and jina have been going to
war in, Hong Kong'and Singapore, attempting to
eradicate entrenched nests of Kin-jin. Others went
to the American city of Los Angeles and established
a military government there which includes Kin-jin
princes and nobles among its members. One of the
Kin-jin empires has paid us a great tribute, and has
promised not to send its children to our shores. The
Western blood-eaters are a critical part of the future,
and you should learn what you can of them. Though
they are Dharmically uninteresting, they are also
politically central to the coming days.



‘Tae How Rayne

NOLY

RNYTHM

_ On action alone be thy interest,

Never on its fruits.

Let not the fruits of action be thy motive,

This chapter describes: the inner workings of the
Dance of the Thrashing Dragon, describing the Dharma's
approach to its tenets, its philosophy regarding the
Demon, and the beliefs of the four major sects.

Core Betjers

_ Though thereare many interpretations of the Dance
of the Thrashing Dragon, there must by definition be
some shared understanding between the members of the
faith. That core group of beliefs gives the Road Back its
redemptive character, and Kuei-jin who profess the
Dharmaall feel similarly (but not the same) about them.
The different emphases they place on the varying tenets
and how they implement them in the real world — those
are matters of determined by the individual's personality
and sect, ‘ras

The following pages enumerate.the eight tenets of
the Dharma, as found in Kindred of the East, and
describe them in greater detail. Each section includes a
section called "The Truth," whieh discusses how the
tenet is generally implemented by members of different

Nor be thy attachment to inaction.
—Bhagavad Gita, 2:47 ig

sects. Thousand Crane Mother first put the tenets forth,
but phrased them abstractly, so thatthey could support
interpretations other than her own. This act, called the
Spreading of the Seeds, is one of the greatest moments of
the Dharma, for it made the path to Heaven wider, and
it is celebrated by all sects. :

The First Tener: ArruneMent ro Ljre

Attune Yourself to Life in All Its Forms

This tenet indicates that the maya itselfis the subject
of the Dharma's inquiry. The Dance of the Thrashing
Dragon is an attempt to attain enlightenment by under-
standing the world and thé place of its inhabitants in the
natural. cyéle. Kuei-jin of this Dharma are seeking to
comprehend the illusion of creation and learn the lessons
illustrated by the grand phantasm of existence. Thousand
Crane Mothér was, and continues tobe, adamant that
vampires on the Dharmacannotlose themselves iribestial
behavior and still attain this understanding. a

"A wolf or tiger cannot become a bodhisattva," she
teaches. "As chih-mei, we.are as wolves and tigers. We
live only in a world of instinct. From the outside, this is


¥

terrible. Bu in: a the chih-mei sees'

wrong If it ishungry; iveats. Itfinds a safe place ta sleep...
If it is challenged, it attacks: That is its yy and | that is
"the way of wolves and of tigers as well. state is the
key to much} wisdom, but not all wisdom.

* "Iris a state without speech or need forspeech. Ie is
aplace of: action and reaction and momentary sensation."
"There is'no Road Back from there — only the Road"
Forwardyinto the next thoughtless moment. This is fine

for beasts, and on€ could even see it as somethinglike,

enlightenment, Ify you feel thatway, I can say nothi

you. Hear it this way), ey if, i are not persuaded, | will

not stop you. :
‘Just as ; life is important to the world, Pen

important to creation. Yetlife is not the only thing in the

"world. Th also natural forces.and the bedrock of

the world: So the'maya is not the only thing in creation.

Theré'are rces in creation as well. Those s
: and spirits involved im the maya live without the burden
2 Sfthought or anxietyyand they are HME eihse for this,
for-that is their place. 4.
"But that is n¢ place of man. The place
is his spiritual betterment. When we wei aya,
we did not tend to our whole selyes. Now; we have an
placed outside thesmay yarated

.» Once again retreat in' llusion like cowardly ‘dogs? ©
Youare a dead thing. . Masquérading asan animal will do.
youno 004 whetl edaes fen render Heaven's

ayerdict on you. You are one of the Wan Kuei: Ify

ome part of the unit asia whole, BS bey

as a fugitive from its sche

student of the mayayas a whole, rather than ene |
to the limited exis! ofa single beast: sh

this, Beeausetthosew don't rapidly descend into
5 chih-mei state. a isa serious problem am

mma, and a fair number of them
rijhee and cannotbe roused from it by
ritual, These unfortunates are given ‘over to the Devil-
Tiger chih-mei' handlers of the court; or put déwn if »

there i isno eed for them, Those who survive.accept

a. ie the:

The ae taibeakanel juPassjon

Meditaté Upon. Passions; Do Not Shut Them

/ Out, But Experience Them, Learn Fro: -Them and
Encourage The: thers %

This tenet justifies cheytwo most well-known
_ Thrashing Dragon traits: their ¢
‘their corpses in physical sensation

ad their willingn

y yOu Must become. m

3

ndency to' indulge' "things well and easily.

Kaupren oF Tae East

ig Dragons eschew losing themselves in physical sensa-

tion, ba the need'to occasionally immerse

themselves. This is not a Ditarma for shut-away schol-

ars and bookworms. It is a faith:of people who act and
go.and do and experience. Thrashing Dragons recog-

nize this as a ctitical part of their faith, and Dragons
who are seen as becoming too meditative and with-
drawn ate often: caught up if elaborate ploys by their
fellows These ploys are intended.to make' their lives
eresting and shock them back i into really expe-
ir existence. Thése often involve little

: "practical jokes and challenges, but the pranks of man-

- darins have brought natio, in the past.

i or their willing-
ness to involve others in their lives. not a solitary
game itrequires lovers and rivals and'romance and
danger, if itis to keep the Thrashing Dragon.on edge and
awake. Such an exciting life requires.a strong cast of
supporting characters, and Thrashing Dragonsasa group

pare: perfectly willing to entangle others in their affairs.

_, Among Kuei- hin and other shen, they typically observe

sn decorum, . since giving offense might lead to a duel or

"hard feelings. Wheridealing with those whoare not shen,

"they neednot beso polite. Heaven has assigned them the

from life. Will we penance of walking the Road Back and achieving en-

lightenment. Their Dharma requires that they indulge
‘themselyes in every sort of sensation,.and ivis their right
within the natural order.to do so. As Wan Kuei they are
‘beyond human morality, and must walk their path back
it is laid out wire! them?"

ly beasts, and they hunger for enlightenment. If
ey must tear a i, nt tags to find the enlighten-
ment within, then that is what they shall do. If Heaven
pproved, Dragons would neyer find enlightenment.

‘ most every Thrashing Dragon loves
g, murdering and toying with humans. Mortals
living bodies and self-aware spirits — the P'o

bine'
2 Sin and are terribly fascinating and instructive

tow ei is.terribly dangerous to be a mortal around
"any stashing Dragon — the monster may find some
chy sof you so fascinating that it devours you for it.
Trea of shen depends largely on sect.

Dragons of the Laughing Rainbow and Ten Sea-
sect are often. deferential to other shen. Laughing
ee tendo keep other shen out of their search for
enlightenment. Ten Season Dragons, however, see
interactions with' the shen as an enticing Dharmic
Henge. Whatdoes the shen expect? A lover? A rival?
mentor or and ally? Unless she has a preference or a
pressing need to achieve some goal, the Dragon accepts
the presuppositions of, the thing she is interacting with,
becoming what they n most or least expect to see. Every-
one e knows howete themselves well and easily. To the
«Ten Seasons, wisdom. lies in learning how to be other

 Fhousand-Faced Thunder sect are
toinvolve other shen in their lives. As

#

fs

walkers among the Yang they lead spirit servant ee E set
on ted silk leashes and dine with the lesser paces byproducts to tl Lcycle
Yang World. Such Kuei-jin are used to dealing-with' i wons.thake sure not to
spirits (and some other shen) on a tegular basis. While «and to'minimize whatidam:

props, foils and scenery in theit quest for enlightenment. a

:

Members of the Passion Bloodflower sect are total

inclined to take ghosts for'
as go to war with the hengeyokai. They are not climbing.
the path to enlightenment, they are hurling themselves
at it. Any handhold is.aceeptable, so longas it leads one 1
closer to Heaven. Pts, j his suffering; they

for
Threshing Tools: Break the'Stalks, Gather the Rice, _untid:
Scatter the Seeds, Let Them Grow :
This tenet is the mandat.

to follow it. 1 fins

devout mortal would regret hol 3. ai
Yet this tenet is nor purely a li ehse to rapine It E

also specifies that the Dragon has a responsibility to
return to the cycle. The farmer does not eat all the ri
he reaps; he saves seed rice, and cultivates the fiel
before planting, and so thére-is rice the next year
well. A Thrashing Dragon is a terrible force,

the life out of the world around it to fuel its atte
achieve enlightenment. Thi 2 ima

age in terms of physical carnage. No otherpred; i
so much and eats so little as the Hungry Dead seekin,
a meal of enlightenment.: — "? :


34

The | Four Tener: Stay THe Dyjng

Help all Living Things Thrive. When Something
Appears to Be Dying,,Consume It and/Send It Back
Into the Cycle

As the Thrashing Dragons protect and learn from
the maya, théy also tend it and see to its well- being.
Dragons find weakness abominable. Infirmity in old age,
decrepit buildings and moldy old social structures are all
loathsome, for they trap energy out of creation, holding
itin stasis. The de and process of death and rebirth aré
vital to creation, and to clin ing to longevity for too long is
to disrupt the flow of history. To remove such obstruc-
tions is the duty of the right-thinking Thrashing Dragon:
It is the way of things that new growth pushes aside old,

dead wood. In forests where this is not the case, terrible
conditions reign, and all the trees rot and decay. Every
storm bringsmore sick giants crashing down, until at last
the forest is nothing more than rotting wood and bushes:

_ est where thete are young saplings ready to leap

for and seize every, Scrap of sunlight, the passing of
the-giants would kill trees; but not the forest.
Nosystem should have indispensable components.

The past should not haunt the present. Those whose
time has elapsed should: pass away swiftly and with
grace. This keeps the world healthy and vigorous, much
like pruning a fruit tree encourages the tree to produce
more and better fruit. This way is true not only of
plants, but also of organizations, religions and nations.

«Thrashing Dragons, icularly those of the eastern
ditection, often seek 1 Stroy institutions they feel
are burdens to society. %

The Truth: This tenet is typically used to justify
a Thrashing Dragon's tendency to kill and eat anyone
or anything he pleases. However, it is also a statement
of obligation. Again, the Thrashing Dragon is com-
mitted to the well-being of the maya, and not just his
own betterment. % _

This tenet allows for destruction;however, it also
restricts Dragons from causing the paralysis they loathe
—they cannot be agents of stasis. They have historically
shied away ftom the control of government or other parts
of the dynastic cycle asa result: They may have influence
in many organizations, but ‘ayoid outright domination.

» The temptation to enter into an' ethical compromise in
such a situation is too. great.

The most passionate: champions of this tenet in its
physical'inearnation are the penangallan of the Golden
Courts. These vampires will not abide infirmity or old
age in their hotiseholds, and would rather appear as a
man than with:a wrinkled or liver-spotted form. When
a periangallan's mortal servants age beyond their useful-
ness, they can expect to be consumed by their mistress or
one of her langsuir followers.

Qn the other end of the spectrum, the Ten Seasons
sect has built much of its philosophy on tending and
pruning institutions and social systems, those it calls

gardens of the second sort. Its members attempt to keep
these organizations in good health, to make them
bettersubjects of study. However, like good gardeners,
they know that some plants cannot be pruned, but must
be cut back or burned out. Ten Season Dragons do this
as quickly and efficiently as possible. This often brings
them into contaet with Devil-Tiger gangs of similar
intent. The two groups do fiot always share the same
ideas of what is worthy of destruction, and there are
often violent feuds over which will get some ee
ture, and when. .

The Firre Tener: Escoew Hi gs i
Half-Life Is An Abominable State. Be As Alive

As You Can, "

The condition of the Thrashing Ditton is a pun-
ishment. It is Heaven's curse levied on errant under-
lings. It is nota thing to be compromised with, or grown
used to, or utilized for its maximum benefit. Thrashing
Dragons donot deny that they are hungry ghosts, but
they do not make it int a badge of perverse honor by
developing Disciplines that take advantage of their
corpse-form: Thrashing Dragons typically find the Bone
and Blood Shintai to be repulsive, as those take specific
advantage of the Kuei-jin's undead form. Many instead
practice the Chiand Soul Disciplines, or carefully learn
the other shintai. r

This tenet is a philosophical reminder to Thrash-
ing Dragons regardless of sect. 1 not their goal.
The half-existence of the Wan ‘iting place
on the lip of the Mouth of Yor the last.carriage-
house on the road to oblivion. There is noting to be
learned from*it,.other than how to leave it more
quickly. Right-thinking Dragons | become students of
their inner nature and nature as a whole, not students
of their own physical remains. To venerate the corpse-
flesh is to pay homage to crimes that incurred: the
August Personage's curse, using cleverness to make
Heaven's displeasure into ablessing.

The tenet is notan injunction to Yang Imbalance,
though some interpret it as such. Most Thrashing
Dragons differentiate between life and Yang suffusion.
To many members of the Dharma, particularly the
penangallan, permanent Yang imbalance is a way of life.
Its hunger and ferocity brings about a way of seeing the
world that they find conducive to Dharmic advance-
ment. Other vampires find reproduction a necessity on
their Dharmic quest, and are forced into permanent
Yang imbalance as a result. Yet it is the outlook or
fecundity of that state that members of the Dharma
seek, not the state itself. ee are lively corpses, but
corpses nevertheless.

The Truth: This tenet is followed by almost all

Thrashing Dragons, regardless of sect. Just as the Road
Forward, the mindless existence of the chih-mei, is @
Dharmic dead end, so.also is the inward-turning path of
the dedicated immortal vampire. Toa Thrashing Dragon,


35

wickedsi@&s and pulli it close, too easy by far to turn one's
a the suniand become a Devil-Tiger, Bone
Flower or worse. The Dance of the Thtashing Dragon is
the darice of, the living world, not of the dead one. The
‘diligent dancer always keepsthat in mind.
TheeTruth: It is almost impossible fora yampire
" Nok to come to an | agceptatice with her'state. It is the
~ nature of life to come to such accommodations, and the
Dharma allows for them. It is only required that the
tagon do what she can to remind herself that her state
mise,with thé corpse; b is not natural, but is a profound:disorder. She must
the, dead. Why-burry enlightenment-when one is a remember that the sunlit world isa place of beauty and
E ale of the nighted Eatth? This. sort | -of thinking is life, and that she is hot its: adversary butits student and
Fe a ‘that weighsdown ak on the Road Back. an exile from it. y
i: All Thrashing Dragons, regatdless ofsecthonor this
_ tenet in a similar fashion. Every morning, as the sun
begins to color the sky, they go toa high place and watch
the its golden face rise above the tim of the world. Every
morning, just before they sleep, they lay their eyes upon
the furnace at thevheart of crea Every Thrashing
en Dragon goes tosleep ram von isdivine mercy.
of — Even in its wrath; Heaven could not bear to cut them off
wholly from the face'of life. The inability to follow this
» tenet is one of the most' serious problems for Yin;

agg Thtashing Dragons.

often fa far t00

~~ in their clothes, leap in tothe
the march: It is very

lived. This isto
inhuman perspec

© This tenet is not an ipaneion to be a] impious
trickster, though many Thrashing Dragons are. Tt ig
instead an admonition from the Thousand' Crane
Mother to avoid becoming humorless scholars. Thrash-
ing Dragons are students of life and Yang. Yet scholars,
ship —watching and learning and studying and writing
Commentaties — is a.profoundly Yinyact and scholars
tend to be bookish, retiring and unfamiliar with the
orldoutside their studies. Such a life is antithetical to
right- thinking Thtashing Dragon. In order to dance
this Dharmic dan¢e, a vampire must become a natural
scholar: Like a Taoist priest, she must be at home in the
world she studies. This is not a matter of taste — Yin
.-enetgies color'and transform the experience. While
4 e cdoling and tempering of experience is necessary,
cessive Yin influéti¢eson.avampite' 's Dharmic think-
ng can decrease the impact of her studies, depriving
v1 ; her, of the dén she seeks. :

that i A Thrashing Dragon i Gar eee the maya, but
sof the she need riot be distant from it. Her studies should be
sleep in ive, immersing her directly inthe life she studies.
powerlessly~ oe must learn to be a part of things while still absorb-
cir ancient hubris, ing something from the experience. The Dance of the
= Sins eee ten ave from Thrashing Dragon is like all dances: meaninglessto
me $ those without rh - :

the' Thal: The Truth: Mc Thiele Dragons attempt to
i toate the living. It» take the philosophic implications of this :fenet into
-all it home, t6 seize account as they lead their lives. Their faith, is a very

arnt luring: such ex-
st. impissib) le tO persuade

pe until cone i
If this worked, pe Flame
would be orthodoxy.

cultivate. this' fe
reinforces a


36

..immediate and hands-on one, and by and large they do ~
the bést they can to stay involved in the world around
them. Not all succeed, but all attempt it:

The difference between sects is in how literally they
take the tenet's injunction. Thousand-Faced Thunder
Dragons are notatall prone to humor —theyare humble
ambassadors to the spirits. Laughing Rainbows, partak-
ing of life as they do, bring a certain thing that they call
"laughter" to the world — bafflement and amazement at

their animal grace; and their own predatory joy atachase.,_

well-run and a kill in their jaws:
‘Passion Bloodflowers delight in tricks and sevelrigs

— clockwork animals, mechanical puzzle boxes — any~~

thing to bring curiosity and amazement into the heart,

__. They delight in giving each other these elaborate gifts,

‘and in challenging one another's intellect. How does
such a wonder function? What makes it possible? This is
the laughter of the Passion.Bloodflower — a quest for
knowledge of the physical world, intimately connected
With their existence. Understanding such wonders isan
aétof meditation. for them; and the modern age h:

brought their creativity toa peak. Prodigies of science"

and amazing objects abound in their collections) and the
tich among them pay great sums to their toy makers.
Such toy makers are never killed during warfare between

_ the penangallan. Instead, they are ransomed or made to

work for their new master.

Members of the Ten Seasons sect are the most prone
, tobringing actual joy to the world around them. Garden-
ets of social structures that they are, Ten Season Dragons
see that joy and humor serve a special role in gardens of
the second sort. A happy and-harmonious body politic
makes fora healthy structure. Ten Season Dragons often
spread good luck,-arrange successful marriages and en-
courage the harmonious coexistence of the parts of the
garden. Though the joy they distribute is always in=
tended to somehow,shape the social garden, itis a sort of
joy that mortals can comprehend and share.

The Ejqurn Tener: Prorecr Spjrjts
Protect the Spirits. Without Them, the Life-
‘Dance Stops

_ The Thrashing Disetng are the students, guardians —

and gardeners of the maya. And it cannot really be

* disputed that spirits in some way petsonify different parts

of the Tapestry. Sicken the place, sicken the spirit.
Sickeii the spirit, sicken the place. Thus, spirits are in
one of ereation's most fragile links, for they are suscep
tible to direct corruption and assault.

Originally, this tenet was felt to mean that the
Thrashing Dragons should tend to and' cultivate the
spirit world, as they tended to and cultivated the Middle
Kingdoms Later, as the menace of the Yama Kings grew,
it became apparent that the Thrashing Dragons would
need to become the watchdogs at the gates of the Yang

‘World. The spirits did notneed cultivation, they needed
vigilant guardianship. They were not the only protectors -

"lance devices and human agents, to set up thei

_ Kone of Ear

"of the spirit world — pu were also he hengeyokai

Yet there were ages these shape-changing
Id not exploré urban regions that their
the force of the tural world made dead
the Thrashing Dragons patrolled the
ck spirits of corruption and unnatural
is dutiful service, Thrashing Drag-
1 easy relationship with city spirits.
ashing Dragons are Tespectful. of spirits, but not
ial. Spirits are beings of supernatural
e themselves, and not deities s-worthy of wor-
ship. A Thrashing Dragon nevi if, Wes fuard the.
Yang World against a thre: Yomi. It isimportant |
to remember, howeyerytha at the
the Yang World. They find ghosts dis 1, Yin spirits.
disturbingand demons worthy ofcom! out honor.
Most Thrashing Dragons enter the Yellow Springs only
in the direst of circumstances, _
The Truth: Each sect relates to spirits differently.
Thousand-Faced Thunder Daa walk among the city
"spirits as peers and courtiers. These sorcerer-diplomats .
can influence the mo: orld in ways that spirits
cannot, an@ithey bart ability for influence. The
Thousand-Faced Thunders are masters of the modern
elementals of electricity, glass and data. The explosive
growth of the semiconductor design and fabrication
industry. in Asia greatly expanded their influence, and
their technological sorcery has ed many doors for
them in the modem efa, In so: theyeyen serve
the permission

asscourges, hunting Fenegade
_of the spirit court.

_ The Passion Bloodflowers wal ihe: spirit world as

itaties. Their formidable battle skills aan re-

throw in with Various
good. The Passion Bloodflowers
to Yomi-tainted parts of the Yang
‘orld, at gee in attacking the strength of their
ti Yet these bloody foraysare typically executed as
a sport or a form of meditation. They are social pageants
and times to. displ ombat ability and the loyalty of
ircle of consorts. The targets of these attacks are
chosen for their ability to provide an entertaining fight,
not their degree of menace to the world. The Passion
Bloodflowers aré'great_ enemies of the Mukade devil-
centipedes, but rarely chase : ate er clever tempters or
le corrupters. -
_ The Ten Seasons sect deals aah very small spirits
SGesstantly Its members use them, along with surveil-

nage networks. But they | bind only the littlest of spirits —
bird, monkey and rat spirits, which they use as spies and.
messengers, and the plaht-spifits of their beautiful gar-

dens. Ten Season' ns aly pra Ae we %

the doings of the : ures. :
The Laughing Ri ws 8 the spirits and the

spirit world, but domovengage in direct commerce with

them. ‘Many Rainbows stalk the Middle Kingdom and,


The How Revs

the Mirror Lands, preying on forces of corruption, bur
they have little direct contact with. the spirit courts.
They see the spirit world onthe whole as something —
desetving of protection, but think little of the individual
spirits. Some may be worthy of respect like an ancestor
or bodhisattva, but most aré just creatures, like any" ms

others in the maya. Being spirits, they are inherently :

holy, but they are neither perfect nor inviolate. The
Laughing Rainbows guard the spirit world, and have
congress with spirits when. they must; yet most seek
enlightenmentthroughitheirstudies of the natural world,
and not spirit ecologies. In some places, this p protection
hasan a bullying character'to it, as the Dragons cow and
threaten the spirits they watchiover, punishing and
pruning any unusual behavior as a possible threat to the
oyerall'spiritual landscapé...

The P'o is'the bane of ever
existence, yet it is an ineradicable pz
one of the Gui Ren. Vampires

voften have radically different Demons, and approach

their dark side in very different Ways.

the'fact that the P'o is an intrinsic part o
the Rust: -jin's personality (although amplified a
given voice). The various Dharmas each appeal,to
different sorts of vampires, and so certain Demons,
appear more commonly Hd

half. They do not seek to crush it, bur instead learn
from, study and ultimately controlit. To obey the P'o
is to walk the Road Forward, to » pursue the obliv' ion of ©
instinct rathér than the ni "of true enlight
ment. Those Thrashing Dragons who obey 6,
rather than studying it soon fall into the ehih-me?state:
Among the Thrashing Dragons, three P'o archer

are-most common.

The Demon

The most common P'o pe among Thrashing
Dragons isthe Deion, This P'o, resembles the vatnpire
before it escaped the ptison of the k'naa state of pure
hungerand began to walk the Read Back in earnest. This
P'o constantly urges the vampire away from the difficul-
ties of enlightenment and toward the.simplicity, the
blissful ignorance and va pee self-indulgence: os the
Road Forward.

This demon is most "danger
very old Kuei-jin. Young Kuei-

veloped the mechanisms to deal with the endless urgings |
toward animalistic behavior. Older, Gui Ren fall to its
blandishments for the same reason they often become
akuma — after centuries on the Road Back, when the
time:between auspicious occasions is measured in de-)
cades and the vampire is wise enough ro realize the true

sitet

an others. ef
Thfashing Dragons treat their P'o as their animal' PS

. susceptible to its blandis

jin'simply haven't de- sfheir Hun'.

37

Mei his Dharmic jot pand the genuinely
ture that ‘awaits the world, the lure of an

Ee oe grows! . Whenitseems
as if there are no new sensations, as' if there" is no
novelty, no thrill left in. physical or mental stimulus,
ie ‘the'siten song,of an animal life puphous past or

a

a

Se atardoh among Thiashing' isccas: nd cca"
nong all/Kuei-jin, the Bandit is full of wrath. It hates'
the creation that gave ira life so terrible it fell into Yomi,
and it hates the Heaven that say full fit to pullit forth
and curse it'to an eternity of struggling for enlighten-
ment. re of endless hate, the Bandivseeks to tear

em as muchias it hates all other things,
troy them if it could. ‘

the ar sg gine sods! pats aoe or
ri/schémes: Instead, it lashes out whenit can at

lumber:

Monkey.
ilar to the Demon inits Ak Baeeth Gur that

(Perma,

of oment. It indulges in sensation for thesheer joy
ofSensation, without worty or remorse. Worse, Kuei-jin
who-have such a P'o are Dee. those who are most

ent and worries

ways being tempted to/putenlighter
i jan.an elaborate

and engage in what is little

eothe Monkeyican bea i ee itshame
‘implies, or it can be much worse. Indulging in sensati
and gambits for immediate' gratification, | Monk
canbe a rapist or thiefas easily as, aprankster. This P'o
often very dangerous for the Thrashing Dragon who
"possesses it, because it emi quite normal or even
sociable. This can cause a 1 great deal of trouble, because
the difference in'behavior between Hun ‘and P'o is not
"stark Othetsiare often distrustful and suspiciousiof these
vampires — it is tod/easy to be tricked, by the Monkey,
_and many such vampires use tl
isbehaviors.

The ie P'o is most dangerous to, fy 8
jin, Older and mote fe jaded Thrashing Dragons h:

future becomes Strong. ; Bis

etype' 's predatory bent, the Monkey isa creature

ents. These-vampires are

on Forward, albeit ‘one stocked with 1 Tore amuse- ~

: _ down creat and throw allinto ‘the fires of a universal ‘
> destruction." sough the'Bandit might serve the Yama.
Kings, it he it

t obvious : target, and then lapses back into.

P'9 as an excuse for _

typically had ené esponsibility and childish. i,
havior in their existe nces vals 3 poe s pblagai-

: wes have littlest


38

The Thrashing Dragon Dharma does onlya minimal
amount of capturing and training' of chih-mei. They
mainly rely on Devil-Tigers and Thousand Whispers to
train larval vampires for them in the basic arts of sur-
vival. Dragons then take them and train them for the rest
of their ré, teaching them the Dharma and preparing
them for their Fire and Stone test.

After the Fiteand Stone test, the Kuei-jin doesnot
immediately join a sect. Instead, young Thrashing

Dragons must explore the world on their own fora time.

This allows the vampire'to experience existence with-
out the preconceived notions of the sects. The ances-

_tors of the faith believe that young vampires should

aecept a sect, rather than be pushed into one. Many
young Thrashing Dragons explore several sects at once,
only settling into a single.denomination when they

__ become jina or even mandarins. From the ranks of the
~ Ruei-jin who never find a sect to their liking come the

new sects, as individual Kuei-ji in find their own paths to
heaven on the rdad of the Dharma. Every one of the
sects was founded a-vampire who felt compelled to
find her own way to Heaven.

However, most-Thrashing Dragons do become mem-
bers of one of the sects over time. This is rarely a matter
of official note, even among the Passion Bloodflowers.
Though the Bloodflowers throw gréat revels when an-
other vampire becomes a penangallan, the act of actually
claiming adherence to thé'sect.is something the vampire
simply does. Asa vampire gravitates more toward asect,
she begins to make herself a part of it. Contacting elders,
she professes interest and obtains the sect's important
theological tracts:She attempts to practice the sect's
version of the faith.as well as she is able, consulting with
hermentors and tutors when she encounters difficulties.
If she persists and'shows aptitude for the sect's brand of
understanding, she will progress.

Laucuing Rajnsow Secr

The Laughing Rainbow sect was the first, and for
some time the only Thrashing Dragon sect. After the
Demon Warrior Empire felland before the teachings of

Xue became known, many Kuei-jin walked the night

looking for solace or enlightenment. One of them,
whose name has been forgotten, heard of Xue's Fivefold
Way ar achings from one of het fellow Gui Ren. She
listened to the reports of Xue's message for three nights,
and then wandered under the moon and through the
night thinking about the matter fora luna? month. She
was alréady Close to dah, and hearing Xue's message sent
herdeep into meditation.

Oneitiorning, this Kuei-jin stood in a plum grove in
the South China mountains, and looked out across a

_ mist-filled valley. She stooped down to pick up a fallen

plum. She bit into it, and its sweet and dew-covered taste

Kowoneo oF Te Easy
surprised her. Overcome, she laughed at the taste. In the
mist below her, a thousand startled cranes. took wing.
Seeing this, the Kuei-jin' was enlightened, and entered
the Hundred Clouds. Choosingsto call herself after the
event that caused her to complete the Road Back, she
became Thousand Crane Mother. The bodhisattva be-
gan to travel the world, taking disciples who wished to
hear her teachings. a,

She taught for a time, and in-her wisdom learned a
lesson. The road of Dharma, she came to understand, was
one up Whicha Kuei-jin traveled tothe Hundred Clouds.
Though it was narrow and difficult in places, it'was still.
apathway wider than her own footsteps. By teaching her
own path and not the'course of the ri a whole, she
made the travails of those who follow unnecessar-
ily harsh, and their road needlessly narrow, Yet life was
successful not because it tried the wise path, but because
it tried every path.

Seeing her error, Thousand Crane Mother called
her most advanced disciples together and taught a lesson
now known. as the Scattering of the Seeds, In it, she.
explained the true tenets of the Dharma, not of her own
belief and practices..In doing this, she laid out the
markers of the road of the faith, but allowed those who
followed after her to find their own path along it.

‘Yet not every disciple sought

t his or her own road.
Even with the road of the Dharma opened, many
chose not to follow theit own s but to stay. close
to the footsteps ofthe Thousai
rible, graceful and fieree, she faith of action,
experience and reflection. Those who wishéd.to emu-
late her, she-said, mus' be terrible, like an enraged
shark. They must experience the world with the eyes
of a beast, and take in each moment and sensation as
if it were new and unexpected, Finally, these Laugh-
ing Rainbows must be reflective, for they were holy
creatures, and not beasts. Their road_to salvation lay
not in animal behavior, but in enlightenment. Learn-
ing the lessons ofthe tiger and the wild beast, the
Laughing Rainbow must apply those lessons to a
greater matter than survival into the next moment.

And so it remains at the end of the Fifth Age: The
Laughing Rainbow attempts to be lively, for life is a
lively place, and those without high Yang spirits do not
easily understand it. She attempts to dance the Dance
of the Thrashing Dragon and laugh the laugh that sets
a thousand cranes to flight. It is not a state of life, but
a state in emulation of living, seeking to learn by
natural study and meditation.

Laughing Rainbows can often be found eepenulenk:
ing with new ways of living, sometimes pretending o be
different kinds of people, at other-times, indulging in
new sensations and meditating upon them. They often
stalk wild and lonely places, looking for mortals to prey) ~
on and bakemono to chastise. Others walk the edge of
the Yang World, seeking to guard the spiritual supports
of the maya from corruption by the forces of Yomi. Often.



a distant one. Mandarins who become very wise often"

tutor less enlightened mandarins, and so there is atough
hierarchy. However, acolytes can switch mentors freely,
and so follow whichever master's teachings seem best to
them, in ‘accord with the principle that the road of
Dharma is wider than any one set of footsteps.

Hoy Piaces

The sect has a number of modest temples in rural
areas of China. Set on land bargained from the Xiong

Ren, these refuges are small places, and have no perma-_

nent Staff.Of durable constatiction, they are inhabited
sometimes by several mandarins and acolytes, some-

times by a jina who clears the leaves from the gutters and _

acts as priest, or just enjoys the beautiful solitude until
omeone else comes along who has a use for the place.
Sometimes, they are inhabited only by the badgers and
foxesiand tigersthat are drawn to these places of powerful
Yang energy. The most famous of these places is the
*Phousand Crane Monastery in the mountains of South
China. There still stands the plum grove where the
Thousand Crane Mother bent to pick up a plum. Bel
it still ligs the lake where a thousand cranes, s roseité'the
dawn in response to her laughter. The cranes do not go
there any more, for the world is no longer so full of

auspicious things as it once was. Yet one can easily —

picture them, rising through the mist and crossing the
' glowing orange dise of the rising sun.

Leapers -

The sect is "led" by the Thousand Crane Mother —
she is the final arbiter of her teachings. While her
commentary is at this point rather exhaustive, at least
once or twice a year the mandarins must pose to her a
question regarding matters of enlightenment. These
elder Laughing Rainbow mandarins are several dozen in

occasionally consult-them. This group of elders exerts
influence on the behalf of the sect and Dharma, protect-
~ ing members from persecution and working as a group;to
steer the sect. Most Thrashing Dragons are rather friendly
"to these efforts, and advice or instructions from the
elders of the sect is generally heeded.

_Passjon BLloopFiower SEcr

The reality is that the so-called Golden Courts are
an umbrella cast over a disparate number of cultures and
religions The region as a whole does not have a domi-
nant sect, but some regions do. The Malay Peninsula is
the home ofa sect of vampires so fearsome they color the
reputation ofvall of Southeast Asia as a whole.

Before the late Fourth Age, it was the custom of the
many Thrashing Dragon Gui Ren in Malaysia to survive
as the wives of men. Those who were female or could

~ become female lived as women, and those who were
«male in gender became transvestites and lived as the
mistresses of men who preferred women of that sort.

—oftena

their husbands.' By the ti

founded the Passion Bl

_state, but a true

‘through the art
other occult influ-
ence. When the hues a (oft ten prematurely), the
‘penangallan would mournfully take her leave to return to
"her famil another district" and move along, finding
I ifferent réa. Such vampires did not
difficulty such offspring
would have given them in cl usbands. This was

ind life, and many of thesé vampires ee
by Xiong Ren or demon hunters. Many others fell into

the clutchesof the Yama Kings, as they made dark,
arantee the health of |

bargains to find rich spouse:

nasty, it. was.clear the
control ofakuria, :

One Thrashing Dragon iveu Part was sitting
on her doorstep one night, watching.a mantis in the
garden. As it finished devouring i its mate, the vampire
was enlightened. The savage nature of the genitive force

from the Devil-Tigers of the
region, andthen from the Thrashing Dragons. She
taught the primacy of the female form, the sacred nature
of the reproductive act and the importance of aggression
and.dominance in success. She and her students de-
scended on the akuma of the regionsilike mad animals,

for in her newfound wisdom the

shown to her, and she entered the Hundred Clouds. .
"She soon took students,

new fighting fituals oftterrible power that aie her

followers' own Th

Piyau Payung liberated 3 olden Courts and
lower sect among the many
frightened and' eae vampires of the court. She
did not seek to their way of living, but instead

sought to demor importance of sisterhood and

"number, and most have several younger mandarins who' caren the! Bo f the besilou ete et boa Kus

like the mantis, she taught: dangerous, capable

Sis aris many dangerous young, and willing to eat

their.mate when then were 6f no use. This was not the
Way Forward, the d scent into the chih-mei flesh-eater
1 cing of the principles of the
Thrashing Dragon, Laugh often. Break the stems and
scatter the seeds. Eat what you like of that' which' you
tend. These aré*the tenets of the Dharma — if the
Passion Bloodflowers follow them more openly and
immediately than the rest of the Dharma, then ier

that is because their insight is keener:

ind all have mastered the: art they call "dancing wi

their Read, bowels z

from their body, }they travel a the air like this

basic truths of life: consumption, digestion and repro"
duction. Thesepenangallan are destructive creatures who
walk near the borders of the Devil-Tiger faith. They,

The mandarins of this sect are, called henaneaen

3 intai. They pat in this disembod- .

Tae Howy Ruri

and showing feminine characteristics outrageously en-
hanced by their shape-shifting skills. They and their
circles of guanxi-bound lovers practice Dionysiac rituals,
both for orgiastic purposes and to prepare themselves for

. combat. Masters of many deadly Disciplines, these crea"

tures defend their queenly status and place in the natural
order with a fierceness that makes them unpalatable to
~ the sexist. and conceited courts of northern Asia.

| SrructurE i

Young Thrashing Dragons in the Goldén Courts
are treated much like young Thrashing Dragons any-
where —they are sent out into the world to finda place
for themselves. Those who are inadequate die. During
this period of their existences, these young Thrashing
Dragons are known as bajang. Some may choose other
sects, but vampires of the «Passion, Bloodflower sect
never recognize a Thrashing Dragon of another sect as
higher than bajang status. Bajang of this sect can and

frequently do become bajang of the Brilliant Coals»

\ Devil-Tiger sect without much difficulty and vice-
versa — the faiths are very similar.

Those bajang who survive until they experience i
and becomedjina are known as langsuir. Langsuir ate.
either female, shape-shifters or skilled transvestites. They
marry tich mortal men and take them for everything
them' have. Using guilt, sex, threats and Disciplities,
these vampires work their mortal spousé to death, fatten--

a ing themselves on his wealth as well as his blood, hiding."

his fortune away. They typically become pregnant by
these spouses, and give birth. to dhampyr offspring,
which they call pontandc. These offspring'they use as
their agents, lovers and daytime caretakers, and they are
often just as dangerous as theifimmortal mothers.

All bajang spend yéars learning to live the life of
langsuir, and so the act is not as difficult as one might
believe. Indeed, some may have been living in all ways.
like langsuir since immediately after their kéa, but only —
recently experienced ling and been recognized.»Each
langsuir is part of a blood-family, similar to a wu, led by
a penangallan and including other langsuir, usually four to
six of them. They setve a8 servants, bodyguards, sex
partners and confidants to the penangallan. These langsuir
all feel normal guanxi for one-another, and strong guanxi
for the penangallan they serve. In tutn, the penangallan
feels weak guanxi foF all of them. Since penangallan were
once langsuir clients of other penangallan,they also feel
guanxi for some of theit fellow queens. The Kuei-jin of
the Malay peninsula are thus tightly bound together by
bonds of kinship, yet frequently torn by jealousy and
interfamilial disputes.

To become a penangallan, the vatmpire must demon-
strate her absolute valor, her reproductive ability, her ©
wisdom, her ability to Dance Without Her Skin and her
financial independence. Thus, to ascend the rank a
langsuir must be a mandarin (Dharma 6 or higher) and

disport themselves lewdly, covered in feathers and gems

for it. Also, each langsuir pays her penangallan a tribute,
. which the langsuir presumably extracts from her own >

‘Kueijin who do not bow to

‘ Sot

She: must have! Hoccaaian seer must ive accom-
plished a bat ttle feat noted by the other penangallany and

‘must have enough mofiey that she neéd never'marry ye os

again. She then goes'through a traumatic rite called
Welcoming the Penangallan (seep. 59).

Penangallan are not totally bereft of income. They"
can become investors, partners in business, or have any.
other form of income — they can simply no longer marry

spouse. This tribute is set by the penangallan each. yéar,
and is,thé same for every langswir — it is set-So that a
with five langsuir around her can live in
uit expending herown wealth, adit is often,

1 gender are iioteere € to the Bloodflowers,.
who venétate the reproductive utge. In the eyes of the
sect, bajang are universally male. They are referred: to
with the male profioun.and prohibited from female dress. ~
atany official functions. Langsuir areal female, and even
if male must livevas females and appear as womensin,
court: For penangallan, the appearance. of femininity is
not enough. These vampires) must be capable of bearing
tanac offspr .and must have done so at least once.
e ironclad gender laws of
courts under the Bloodflower sect's control are severely
ished. ‘This isa capital offense for natives, and

ers are typically given the Little Death, and sent
bene Before their Corpse reanimates.

gai.

~ Penangallan set up temples to themselves, placing ¢
= on dragon nests whenever possible. Though they, "
are nominally shrines to the reproductive afid predatory
principles intheabstract, the reality is thatthe penangallan
who lives within them enshrines herself as the embodi- ~
ment of those virtues. This treads near hubris, but the

way of the benangallan is a Boer one. hy

_ Languir follow their penangallan, and the penangallan
followno one, Though many work together from time to
time and some work together frequently, each penangallan
is answerable only: , Until her departure into
the Hundred Clouds in 1700, Piyau Payungspoke forthe —
sect. Since she leftthe Middle Kingdom, there have been
no new Bloodflower bodhisattvas to lead their sisters.
The results a colorful chaos of clashing interests and
unregulated family quarrels, and,produces some of the

"most singularly dangerous Gui Ren in existence.

: Taousanp-Facep THUNDER Sect

Not long ‘after the. Scattering of the Seeds, by
Thrashing Dragon Moon-Byed Tiger was hurrying ~
through the night, seeking shelter against~a terrible
storm. All througli the Right, the storm had raged, and


osely led by Moon-Eyed.

F "and the turning of the
é oe driven from their
|

gh cities of men. There,
pthe faith adapted. In'structure, it is
‘ing Rainbow, but more

: eSuld tell from. his. Ba iat bu
pe naaebe the clouds ©
hnidden He. Si sel

‘he-witnessed the storm unfold. organi
thé thousand thunder: bloomed a

from the bolt, taeing through the world and

re members of a

in and affed by jina

sound: of the. thunderclap bebitid them. ae
i. a of only. "spiritual
Tiger'saw"the na nature of thé world with wu ets Fone wedine Of

boy'snetwork for

clarity, and entered ‘the Hundred' Cloud:
ct fang Mirror Lands are an,

w 4 2 studying their inhab-

C the Gui Ren can
athe' Spirits. is to."

1g world, Pa ‘without a any of the i at

foge bs
Aimee ‘or Sepia: wil

remple, for os eas

on Cra ee
: the sect when they :

Ey at
a reaction to th
aie © _SSeon
s, and into
? see: ier is oe are

~ "courts hb ae vel.

. and the na
~ rss, mos

» closely with the urb:

y Over the centuriés,

courts, and act as sco

© spirits. Always 1 a
~ become friendly en

to mind its operations.
i they Feoow, what

is is more than a Poa
nples ere places where the

wisdom of the spirit world,
ts ‘and et places of

étitioners of the Bia this is not

icientspractice. In any gathering of
r x a precautions taken to

ns have been modernized un oneniah:

perfectly u érstandable. The spirits whoare the
: ‘the sect's study are intelligent and capable of

sitaulati

"closely. Selt ating "C ha Is of uei-jin take'
- patterns, eee "ie thec ey eh ip eit tienen
Thoysand- Paced Th :
gainan even' \r
enlightenment, ; s- divinity which quie
elevatesthe Ki : Clouds. Balgbser
mentisa bootstrap proc :

"argue. There isteeen
Ne ate Se ore 3

Tae Hour Reyna

vampires might not have data spirits in th

a

detection devices, but the roads and streets fa city

simply do not lead to their temples, unless the search-
ing party is a member of the sect or travelling with
one: Likewise, many such places are protected by

agreements with spirits of the city government, and

those who pry too elosely soon find, themselves mire
in bureaucratic investigations and tie-ups. Though ©
the methods differ, the result is the same bubble of
peace and protective:quiet. Many temples have ajina
whose sole job is seeing to the place's magical and _
physical security.

Leapers
The Kuei-jin mandarin who first be¢ame involved

with the spirits of modermtechnology was Asako Kiko —

of the uji Genji. The ambitious head of a temple, Kiko
quickly involved the rest ofthe temples in Japan and
made advances to her fellow, mandarins all across
Asia. Today, "Auntie Kiko" is on ‘most influ-
ential Thrashing Dragons. Her
Yokohama is an ornate tribute to the spirits whose ris tise

‘has brought her success. It is a halogenclit warehouse, ;
full of robot manufacturing equipmentand data screens"
where her ongoing modeling of jellyfish and sponge»
colonies is displayed. Many Kuei-jin go there to meet

with her and do business, as do many spirit world
factors. Asako Kiko is one of the Middle Kingdom's
most significant supernatural fixers, and the sect asa.
whole has shared in her suecess.

Many outside the sect question the Thouapee
Faced Thunders' reductionist approach to enlighten-
ment. Even some inside the sect argue that the success
of Auntie Kiko's business dealings with the spitits of |
technology has given her ee¢ntric approach to én—
lightenment an undue following rooted in a desi ¢
gain her favor. But Asako is not the only voice in
sect. Many of those mandarins who follow her are also

influential, and have great say in their own spheres of

influence. They have side deals with many, Wie ied i
owe Auntie Kiko nothing. a

Nevertheless, there are annbecak vampires in i
sect who are unhappy: with the-faith's new direction:
Many of them have left their old temples, and either
roam the world as heimin' or gather together in new
temples. These Kuei-jin feel that the sect's new teli-
ance on its partnership with technology spirits is fool-
ishly mistaking personal gain for enlightenment. Mem-
bers of these more traditional temples;still keep their
relationships with the districts and rivers of their cities
alive, mediating disputes and studying the adaptations

of life to the urban infrastructure, and Vice versa. The.

main voices of these dissidents aré-the mandarin Xi
Chao (of Shanghai's Telegraph Road Temple of the ~
Neon Rainbow) and Toyotomi Iro (of Kobe's
Chokecherry Temple).

*

ions between the factions within the sect are
J not yet violent. While there are many indi-
viduals who.might be willing to make an attempt on
Asako'Kiko, Auntie Kiko is hardly without defenses.
‘She has many powerful contacts among. the spirits
courtsvand among the mandarins of the: uji and the
_ Quincunx. Her person and face are protected by young™
Kuei-jin ambitious and naive enough to defend her in
hopes of bettering their social station. The elders who
‘oppose her will have to move very carefully if they wish
to take an active hand in her downfall. Asako owes

"some of her political survival to the fact that many
« mandarins expect her to self-destruct soon anyway.

Ten ‘Srasons Seer Se

¢ Old Man Spider was out walking in the world in the
time before ‘the Warring States. Those were the times
when kings rode to battle in great chariots and presided
over the erops of their people in religious ceremonies.
Though Old MariSpider was a vampire who studied, »

"gardens and forests and other places full of growing

things, he did not always walk in those | places.
One night, he was walking in the house of a king,

= and he came upon a scene. Looking into the garden, he

w the aging but still beautiful lover of a young king
strangling her own daughter. Looking within the con-"
cubine, he saw that she did her deed so that the girl's
"budding beauty would notgrow to rival herown. Seeing
this, Old Man Spider saw also the way'that trees in a
forest ler their leaves blanket the soil around them,
chokingout young growth and small things. "He saw the.
need for cleansing fire as well, so that old growth would
not persist longer than it should, and choke out the
forest with sick and ailing trees. Stepping forward, he
«struck the concubine a-terrible blow and broke her ~
neck, killing her instantly. Old Man' Spider was en-
ightened, and entered the Hundred Clouds.

Old Man Spider:came to understand that just as
people were made up of organs, so there were greater
things, organisms of which people were the organs.
These he came to call gardens of a second sort, and set:
himself to studying and, tending them. There were
many such interesting gardens in the world in that

‘time, but Old Man spider knew every garden isinterest-

‘ing to'the right eye. Straightaway, he used the Soul
Shackle to enslave the concubine's husband, the king,
and directed his attentions away ftom his young daugh-
ter. He watched the. court fora time, and then one by
one he weéded out the pests — wastréls and fools who
_would bring the house to ruin, and also amateur witch-
"hunters who, would make trouble for him. He helped
raise this girl, and made hera knowing accomplice. The
father died tragically and without an heityand when
they married her away, it seemed as if they married the™
family with hers *

cement. his control. Then, he grew:t the family
way and that. Carefully, he arran,
short some branches a t
* within his broad garde :
the family grew, how' t ae ing oa tipetiod. tt
ade two branches si : i : Clouds as well. But
, Sse he Middle Kingdom : at

, through both r
and second sort. They. rf control of th wn

and often ical toget|
eae Spider had taug ght


Tae Hoy Ruvray
- Srrucrure

Old Man Spider's faith is nota structured one.
. Thrashing Dragons learn of it during their kéaand7é, and
those jina who feel attracted to it must find a mandarin' —

totutor them in the practice of the faith. Finding such a_
mandarin is the fi

present the mandarin with some knowledge of their
personal garden of the second sort. This is a further spur
to subtle gardening onthe part-of the mandarins, and
proof of the student's good eye. A mandarin who has
been so caught is obligated to teach his new student to

the best of his ability. As with all things in life, this is
more complex than it appears. A student, even one as ©
sophisticated asa jina, isa burden on the subelety of the —

mandarin and a drain on their time. Though it is not
legitimate to directly inform an aspirant of the activities
of a fellow gardener, words or advice can be slipped to
certain heimin or Shade Walkers
with such an aspirant.

ae

Each gardener grows her parent inherownway,and —

as little Dharmic contact with her fellows. Their
tice is aicareful one, built on contemplation and sr

actions of great

those who follow it
their lives in happy isolation from theirfellows, though
they may have contact with other Thrashing Dragons _
(of this and other sects) in other

ered natural to consultwith elders over some philosophi-"_

cal or technical question, but they are expected to reveal
the answer as a parable or riddle. em 2 ae

The Ten Seasons Sect has an unfortunate reputa-

tion as a breeding ground for alkgima. Abstract, solitary,

given to sorcery and study and often presented. Hi
nearly insuperable logistical challenges, these: vampires,

are seen as naturally gravitating to the sorts of ee

that | breed congress with the Yama Kings. Quite a fe"
"have been: caught in the practice of devilish congress
and so the sect is seen as especially at risk. This may b

so, but Ten'Season Dragons maintain. that the garden. f
the second sort that can be scrutinized with such ease is.
by definition cortupt. Regardless, members of this sect _

ce

testof the aspirant, but isnot ‘alwayer
difficult since many such mandarins are politically ac-

‘tive. What is more challenging is that the jina must "dwell in or near a garden of the fi

associate

ely ae Like pidecs, they live :

agreeable eras

ly aequainted with Thee
to ly register

fee

t to become thoroug

urity officialsyand may

their serena thecourt.

: Pres sfc5e Cen Seton Sie creel
for gathering together as, grotips. Individual ‘tage
ort — that is, one,
made up of mundane flora and fauna. Old Man Spid
‘taught the importance dence in gardening of th
cond sort, and his lectures urge that the Thrashing'

‘Dragon have a mundane garden to keep him busy
and prev eb > from tuining his efforts. Every
Ten Se uch a.garden, even if it is —
nothing*m, ye ca pe potted plants"inya cramped

apartment actual type of, garden varies from vam-

‘pire to va "ae Some cultivate flowering gardens,
others jards and make the finest wine in the =~
Middle Kingdom. Some es it ate vegetables. Those.

who are able to'de.so:

-so they can perform th

theirown sanctuaries.

~OldMan Spider sallatks theMiddle eB,
he,has not Shown himself for ee Subtle a A

es
"agen atch
iny PSipage or that in i plans, pruning and

gr
Te

existence! he later leads to enlightenment, ie say that

Old Man Spider has sent them a messages They. pride
‘themselves. spotting' such moments, for Old Man
Spider has a ghost-light touch, an
"is to know abe thoughts ofa >a A

‘people. He Fee: oe and i8:not too difficult to

find, but he gives his opinion only to those who visithimi

in person. Even in the modern era of planes and other
forms of fast transit, Mongolia still provides him withan



Tiger's Cuaws, Dracon's Teer

TFILER'S CLAWS,
DRALCOM'S PEEFH

The Perfect Gun exists in the Savage state.

The Perfect Gun conféts omnipotence.

The Perfect Gun will follow the free tendencies of Desire.
—ME 900 Ft. Jesus, "Dali's Handgun"

PLayjng THE Dragon

Roleplaying a Thrashing Dragon canbe very diffi-
cult. They must be spiritually enlightened while still
immersing themselves up to their elbows in the bloody
wrack of life. Indeed, that immersion isthe gateway to
their enlightenment, and those who do notsoindulge
themselves are either in Dharmic stasis or about to lose
their footing on the Road Back and fall into the chih-

mei state.

Anauthentic portrayal of this isdifficult forpeople
who are constrained to a mortal perspective. As human
beings, we have a strong desire tolavoid painy-violence,
infection and death. Our society and our better judge-
tent both discourage us from aggression and self-
destructive acts. A Thrashing Dragon must leave all of
thatbehind. The corpse isa vehicle for enlightenment,
and the world is a garden of sensation and _a'constant
and ongoing lesson in natural wisdom. Ifthe Thrashing
Dragon is true to her philosophy, she is living her
existence in as pute a fashion as possible, trying to

expose herself to life-and understand the'nature of
creation as a whole. To die;toysicken and suffer, to
know the guilt.of having hungrily devoured what one
most loves — these are not things to be avoided, but
opportunities for growthand enlighténment. A Thrash-
ing Dragon must not flee from them, but must delve
into these experiences, savoring them and seeking to
find the wisdom of a world in which such things are the
natural order.

As a person playing a Thrashing Dragon, you're
likely to find all this to be uncomfortable. Your instincts
are telling you the character's actions are ethically and
morally wrong. To a certain extent, that's the nature of
the beast. Much of Kindred of the East's appeal is the
vicarious thrill of acting on the Kuei-jin's rigorous but
monstrous ethics, and knowing the character is unques-
tionably, right in doing something the player knows is
absolutely wrong. If it didn't make you at least a little
uncomfortable, it wouldn't be as much fun to play. What
follows are some suggestions to make portraying a Thrash-
ing Dragon easier.

Remember, You Airen't There Yer
A large part of this bookidescribes what a Thrashing
Dragon does and does not do, how she perceives the

world and interacts with it.Keep in mind that this is how
an ideal member of the Dharma (or specific sect) sees the

world. Not every member ofa séct is going to agree with
the catechism. Not every disciple is going to understand
and acceptall the tenets of the Dharma. If yourcharactet
teally understood, agreed with and had/absorbed all the

tenets of the Dharma, you wouldn' upced to play her, be -

because she'd be a bodhisattva.
Don't look at the list of Dharmic tenets to see what

your character believes. Instead, make up your ¢harac-

ter as a person, wicked enough to take the.Sécond'
Breath. Then, after you know her as an.individual,
consider how she sees each of the Dhatma's tenets.
Practicing a Dharma isn't just a matter of learning the
Six Harmonious Prayers and always brushing your teeth.
It is the difficult task of accepting at a fundamental
level a system of totally inhuman.morality and religious

Fort :
thought. It isn't easy, and all hyashing Dragons arg: mations, the most terrible illnesses and the most viru-

wracked by doubts and questionis about their practice,
Even today, the Thousand*Crane Mother must occa-
sional clarify points of the faith. Consider that whéna
Thrashing Dragon reaches Dharma 4 and.-bécomes a
jina, she has just at that pointsabandoned its human
illusions and biases — which can take decades. A
mandarin must achieve more enlightenment than a
human could in a mortal lifetime to become one of the
governors of Kuei-jin society. Learning to be good at
their Dharma is something that every Kuei-jin must
learn, but for Thrashing Dragons, this is often a very
emotional and challenging time. Most Dharmas tutor
young Kuei-jin extensively, even after the Fire and
Water Test. This is often not the case for Thrashing
Dragons, especially;Passion Bloodflowers and Laugh-

ing Rainbows. These vampires usually cast young Drag- .

ons into the world for a number of years to find them
selves before instructing them any further. This allows

the weeding effects of nature to take place, culling the" i
weak diséiples: Most Thrashing Dragon characters are

just entering or in,ché midst of this period of acclima-
tion to the vampiric state. Don't just ignore this; to be
a Thrashing Dragon, especially a young Thrashing
Dragon, is to be forever at odds with the undead state.

Rememser, Tiyjs js ENUGHTENMENT

Your character is striving for something more, not
something less, than what she is. Thrashing Dragons
are not turning into terriblé monsters — that's the
Howl of the Devil-Tiger. Instead, they'are becoming
incarnate storms, fearsome and hungry tempests of

natural wisdom. They do not simply indulge in anitiall"

instincts, but rather they study and pfactice the ben-
efits and wisdom those instincts bring. As a mandarin,
a Thrashing Dragon knows more of the universe and
her place in it than any mortal saint. Her fearsome

powerful sensi and tuations when one experi-

Tarasumc Dragons

demeanor, follows naturallyefrom,this understanding,
afd not\the other way around. Don't"péftray your
character being bestial; portray her instead as someone
who wears a/beast's.mask isan attempt to learn a very
true and important lesson.

jr's just Your Bopy

On their quiéstfor enlightenment, Thrashing Drag-
leck loaded against them in many ways.
ney' 'ré,cuv/Off from the natural world, from even the

most basic breathing functions, and all their sensations
are dimmed by the grave. Yet for all that this is a

»burden, theicorpse does give the yampire a very impor-

tant advantage over monfals./The/ corpse cannot be
slain bypoison or drug overdose. The Kuei-jin need not
fearmaiming or death byillness. Even a Kuei-jin whose
body hasbeen horribly deformed by arthritis or el-
ephantiasis need only give theircorpse the Little Death
and have her wu-mates burn/the body to ashes. She
springs from the ashesas if fresh from the grave, and can
thus tolerate the most serious and protracted of malfor-

lent cancers. She can/appteciate the pain and suffering
of the terminally ill, and then put those aside and seek
other wisdom.

Mortals do not have the choice of undertaking such
actions and it greatly expands the Thrashing Dragon's
choices of behavior. Thrashing Dragotis, more keenly
than any other Kuei-jin, feel that their physical body is
nothing butya,cerémonial vessel through which their
soul travels toward dah. At the same time, however, the
Thrashing Dragons emphasize that the\corpse.must be
seen asa curse, and nota blessing. It can bé'titilized, but
the Thrashing'Dragon should not become indolent and
fixated oni the corpse's few good points, and thus attach
] lead existence.
anid need to utilize the Kuei-jin's undead
state provides Dharmic conflictywith the need to avoid
ies of the corps. This is a particularly
because..undue feliance upon the
ation is a'sure ticket to
jaded by even the most

5 of their undead staté, They use it
ever for a moment do they forgetiit.

i s JOtnecessarily'mean a
chemically enhaneed one marked by frequent bouts of
gunplay and'$éxual intercourse. That is certainly one
sort of intense life, but théfe,are many ways to experi-
ence' the world, even from a purely human frame of
teference. The life of a wastrel or prostitute may be an
interesting and educational one, but what about the
path of an ascetic monk? Of a father trying to raise a
family on limited means? What of the existence of a


Tiger's Gaws, Dragon's Teert

soldier or a vagabond or a performer? All of them are
intense and challenging existences, and a Thrashing
Dragon who experiences life only through excess will
soon run out of experiences. s

Keep in mind that the character's teachers have
doubtless made this point repeatedly. One of the major
problems that confronts a Thrashing Dragon is ex-
hausting the world's senistial prospects early in her
existence, leaving her without visceral'involvement in
creation for the latter parts ofthe Road Back. Elders in

the Dharma are often quite anxious to remind young .
Kuei-jin to avoid doing,too much too soon, and eveny"
though these warnings rarely have the intended effect, \

they do at least make Dragons aware of the need for
more complex sorts of study.

Be Carerut |
Your character is keenly aware, perhaps more than a
member of any other Dharma, that he is an unnatural
predator. Thrashing Dragons, and indeed all Kuei-jin,
are hungry ghosts. Punished for evil deeds, they prey on
the blood of the world and derive anvalien enlighten
ment from nature's struggles. It is pérfectlyundétstand-
able for the inhabitants of sunlie stence to attempt to
hunt and destroy them, Tease Dragons must thete-
fore be cunningipfedators. A Thr ‘
always be meticuléus when choosing ictims. Choose
those wholwill find it tomantic or even sexually stimu
lating for your victims. Alternately, choose those who.

will not be missed, and consume them totally. As a
Thrashing Dragon, you are much less reluctant to con-

sume your prey than a vampire of anotherDharma — dé
it. Nature does not give creaturesabilities which it does

not desire them to exercise.,For particularly messy €X-

perimentsyalways make suré yout haye another trustwor-
thy Kuei-jin there to act as ity should anything go
wrong. In addition, make: conduct themin places
that cannot be traced back ' — use construction
sites, abandoned buildings, flats whose inhabitants are
on vacation. If the situation! is mea unpleasant, _
burn the area to make investi,

be.sure to inform your
authorities' response to the

TRicks OF THE

The power of the Ku
tual abilities, but not eve:
path. Like the followers of al
pursue the Dance of the ThreshiteOa have | their
own preferences.

Cuy Dyscjpines
Chi Disciplines are those most commonly,practiced
by members of the Thrashing Dragon Dharma. By ma-
i -reality, the Dragons can

rtal ever could attempt.

Ge estry is a fairly common art among Thrashing

" Dragons. Members of the Thousand-Faced Thunderand
Ten Seasons sects use it in their'spirit bindings, while

many other Dragons appreciate its ability to give good

joss, manipulate the Wall, and alléwehe Kuei-jin to Ride

the Dragon. In addition, the skill of Chi-shaping is also

useful for the practice of the Dragon Tear, and so Thrash-

Dragons who learn one Discipline have an incentive
to learn both.

‘Many Dragons at least study the basics of Equilib-
tium because it enables the vampire to manipulate Chi,
the very essence of life itself. Learning this —/the
breath and the ebb and flow of Yang and
ent boost to a Thrashing Dragon's
Dharma. In addition; a@vampire
Bee able'to inflict health or

itis Discipline, more than any other, is the province

a. Dragons. With itja Kuei-jin can attune her

body to the sway of Yang energy. Lesser mastery allows the

, vampire to exploit Yang's energetic state, move quickly

and charge weapons — and herself — with Yang auras.
With greater mastery,¢omes the ability to perform the so-
called Dragon Darice, a powerful martial arts form that
allows the vampire to whirl through impossibly fluid

acrobatics and strike fatal blows with her bare hands.

Further mastery allows the Kuei-jin to concentrate her
aura and cloak herself in illusion, or even to become
partially spiritualized, suspending herself halfway between
theworld of the living andthe world of flesh, thus allowing
her to walk the day-lit world with impunity and even
become visible to mortals in the daytime. Although the
vampire is atomized — a phantom unable to interact

physically with the world around him —he can still make
brief appearances or ghostly visitations. Spiritual disci-
plines like Obligation and Cultivation work quite well
under these circumstances, and Thrashing Dragons often
exploit this.

Anjmar For Dragon Dance
(Yang Prana ooee)

By observing wild animals, some Thrashing Drag-
ons leatn.to.incorporate their natural combat tech-
niques into the DragonDance. Most Thrashing Drag-
ons simply fight in stance, but.some actually use Flesh
Shintai to actually mimic the physical form of the
chosen animal. Thisis particularly grotesque for Thrash-
ing Dragons whose martial forms combine the habits of
several animals.

System: The power has the effects of the normal
Dragon Dance, plus several additional benefits. Asin the
normal Dragon Dance, the ¢haracter strikes for lethal
damage, subtracts one from the difficulty, of attack and
damage rolls, is not subject to wound penalties and may
burn Yang Chi for extra actions oran initiative bonusiin'
the next turnas if through use of the Principle of Motion.

However, the character's animal stance gives his
attacks a bestial ferocity — the damage of the Kuei-jin's
Brawl, Martial Arts and Melee attacks increases by 2. In

addition, the vampire's animal reflexes and natural grace
imbue him with swiftness to react quickly to threats; the
playervadds the:character's permanent Yang rating to
initiative each turn the Animal Form Dragon Dance is
active after the first. This bonus is in addition to"any
bonuses the vampire gains from burning Yang Chi for the
Dragon Dance's Principle of Motion-like effect. Kuei-jin
who use a Shintai of some sort to enhance their physical
form with animal characteristics should apply the bo-
nuses from those Disciplines as normal.

Like the Dragon Dance, it costs one point of
Yang Chi_per turn to activate the Animal Form
Dragon/Dancez

Ejgutroww Yang Barrjer
(Yang Prana soo)

The Eightfold Yang Mantle allows the vampire to.
change her shape into something totally aliens Through
their mastery of Flesh Shinitai, however, many Thrash-
ing Dragons‘learn better ways to change shape, and have
no use of illusions. Others appreciate the value of power
if' confrontation more than illusion, and develop their
abilities likewise. Others simply learn every possible
branch of the Yang Prana in search of greater Dharmic
understanding. Regardless, some Thrashing Dragons learn
the Eightfold Yang Barrier in place of the Mantle.

Tickr's Ciaws, Dracon's Tier

Through the use of this power, the vampire concentrates
her Yang-charged aura into a crackling energy field
around herself. Blows struck against her are softened or
even blocked by her aura.

System: The vampire must spend a turn in concen-
tration while gathering her aura. At the end of the turn,
the aura surrounds her as a glittering scarlet cloak,
protecting her from har#ii!" Whenever the vampire is
struck by an attack,/she rolls her permanent Yang
rating. If the weapon or attacks metal, the difficulty is
4. If the attack is made by a nonmetallieyitem, the
difficulty is 6. If the attack was made by a source of /
aggravated damage, the difficulty is 8. If this roll is
successful, the vampire adds her dots of Yang Prana to
her soak total against that attack. It costs three points
of Yang Chiand one point of Willpower to activ e this
power for a scene. -

¥jn Prana

The Yin Prana is studied occasionally a Thrashing
Dragons. Many who learn it do so as a way to learn more

about the Chi energy thatyopposestheir own_driyes.

Others use the Shrouded Moon to: te stéalth, or

harmlessly dissipate excess Yiti Chi-that builds tp in

their bodies. Few Thrashing Dragons'léarn, t
pline above jits first rank, howeve:

Sunray

Thrashing Dragons overwhelmingly congregat
just two.of the Shintai — Jade and Flesh. While
other Shintai are not actually bannedsfrom Dharmie

study, they are seen as generally it
from the path.

Bioop Srna;

Veryfew Thrashing Dragons learn Blood
Blood i is an inherently. unclean sul i Ee

yenerate. the corpse by exploiting i
element for the Purposes of fis pewet

leveliof this discipline. Members of Ri group bag:
their fellows, who look unfavorably upon the Corpse
Skin for moral reasons. What thing in nature esche
virtue, they ask? Does the wolf refuse to bite beeai
taste of blood offends it? Does the tiger to «
This serves well enough to justifysthé! study to their
warrior hearts, but carries | liceleweight with the Dharma
asa whole,

5

The other type of Thrashing Dragons who pursue
this shintai are the Bone-Eating Dragons of the western
direction. These vampires learn the full course of the
Discipline, even mastering the ch'ing shih form. Typically
victims of corpse-kissing fever, most of these Kuei-jin
have enough Yin from feeding on the dead and dying to
easily afford the high cost of negative energy required to
utilize this powerful combat style.

First Suyuray

© 'Thrashing Dragons originally pursued paths of the
Wood Shintai that allowed them to create life to study,

\or Slowly "grow" themselves into new shapes. As the

Wood Shinta became dark and more concerned with
the vampire's own body at the end of the Fourth Age,
many members of the Dharma delayed the use of the
spiritually impure Flesh Shintai for as long as possible.
Finally, in 1500, Thousand Crané‘Mother spoke to the
Dharma, specifically permittitig the use of compse-related
shintai. It was the spirit off the use which mattered, she
. So long as they were used for the purpose, of
ual research, and the vampirei#6dkno undue plea-

‘Sure in its undead state, then employing such shintai was

permissible. Black Earth Boy ahd Old Man Spider both
_ acknowledged this as truth.

DGenoer Cuange (Firs Sunray °°)

ume the female gender quickly. While a langsuir can
utvive jas a transvestite, such vampires are often seen as
class members of the Passion Bloodflower sect.

-Inaddition, such transvestites cannot reproduce.

‘this power, a vampire can change its gender
imal alteration and remain recognizable to
tances. Male vampires grow breasts and lose
hile fetiale vampires losétheit breasts.

also changes slightly, and vam-
ale form gain wider hips and

i ee ‘and vice versa). The vampire now

has a functional set of the appropriate sort of genitalia,
and can engage in all the appropriate sex acts. If the
vampire is permanently Yang imbalanced and male, he
ible to impregnate females; if female, she is able to

_ become pregnant.

System: The player Bends 3 points of Yang Chi
and 1 point of Willpower, and the vampire must con-
centrate for thrée turns while the changes take place.
Disrupting the vampire's concentration can leave it a
loody and terrifying mess, a grotesque monster trapped
between sexes, until it has a chance to use the power
againiyThis power governs only the ability to change
tween the two regular genders. Vampires who wish to
experiment with alternate "equipment" or with com-
bining genders will have to master the Ten Thousand
Forms technique.

Particularly in the Golden Courts, it is important for —
"vampires who want to become langsuir to be able to!


Tarasning Dragons
a

Fies Sjntaj; anp Repropuctjon

Since Flesh Shintai tends to "make do" with
the flesh the Dragon already possesses, twisting it
into a new shape rather than creating new flesh, it
is natural to wonder if Kuei-jin who use it to
become female (and are permanently Yang
imbalanced) can actually reproduce successfully
Afterall, their internal organs and flesh have only
deformed into an approximation of a reproductive
tract. The answer is yes. Such vampires can repro
duce. The mechanical aspects ofsuch a pregnancy

would give a normal gynecologist nightmares

the reproductive tract is typically made out of

borrowed large intestine and reconfigured muscles
but it can carry a baby comfortably to term just

as easily as a normal mortal woman can

It should be noted that alleging that a
penangallan is a male masquerading asa female isan
unpardonable offense in the Golden Courts. Visi-
tors would be wise to assume that everyone and
everything they meet is indeed the gender he or
she appears to be in public, regardless of what the
and the attitude
are far more important than the truth — impor

tant enough to kill or die for.

For anp Fangs (Firs Sunray ¢*ee)

Some Thrashing Dragons develop animal-inspired
combat styles. Some of these vampires simply emulate
an animal's patterns of movement and responses to
attack, but some vampires actually go so far as to
develop the ability to emulate some of the animal's
physical characteristics. Thrashing Dragons who prac-
tice the Tiger Style martial arts often grow terrible
claws, while those..whowpractice. Monkey Style are
known fortheir amazing flexibility.

System: The character concentrates for two turns
and the player spends two points of Yang Chi. She then
rolls her Perception + Athletics, with a difficulty of 6.
If the rolksueceeds, she adds the character's permanent
Yang to the numberofi$tiétesses she achieved in the
roll. She may spend one of these points to add 1 to the
character's initiative, Dodge Ability or to the damage
of her unarmed attacks. She may spend two of these
points to increase the character's soak by 1. If they were
not so previously, all the character's unarmed attacks
are now lethal.

This transformation lasts until the end of the scene.
Keep in mind that Flesh Shintai is not an attractive art.
Vampires who have used this ability on themselves are
notsilky and attractive hybrids ofman and animal. Their
bodies are twisted and rudely reshaped; red, torn flésh'
marks where the new-grown animal features tear through
the vampire's flesh. Most Thrashing Dragons, use this
ability in conjunction with the Yang Prana power Ani-
mal Form Dragon Dance.

"truth" may be. The public ima;

Thousanp Ljce.Spjes
(Fiest Srytaj oocee)

Mastered by the Ten Seasons sect, this power is not
unlike the ability Pelésitybut in a much'more advanced
and subtle form. The Kuei-jin sheds tens of thousands of
tinysmites, each far smaller than'a pinhead, and uses
them to explore.the atéajwhere they were dispersed.
Kuei-jin can see through the eyes of these mites at any
tange, and often use them to "see with ten eyes" —aTen
Seasons tétm for maintaining awareness of many loca-
tions and events at once.

System: The player spends a point of Yang Chi and
the vampire shakes vigorously, loosing a cloud of dust
from her person. In reality, these are tiny creatures, small
as grains of dust and able ‘to float on the wind. It takes a
few minutes for the mites tosettle and orient themselves.
The vampire can see through the eyes of all these mites
simultaneously, and nothing in a room that she has
dusted lis hidden from her; it'is as if she herself could
Perceive it. The mites themselves do not have percep-
tion'powers, but the vampire can exert her full range of
perceptions— eyen magically enhanced ones— through
the dust. Anyone hiding in the room is discovered. Any
hidden objects are found unless sealed away tightly
enough that a mite can't discover them. The mites
persist for about 48 hours,.and then rot — they €annot
be fed:more Chi to preserve their existeni¢e. Bug detec-
tors and other means of detecting electronic surveillance
willmot detect the mites, but a vampire using Sharpened
Senses or Chi Sight will detect them with a successful
Perception+ Awareness roll. In an openspace, the mites
cover an area with a radius of 20 feet fromthe'vampire.

Ritualfumigation destroys the mites, as does the
Harmonious Shielding of the Guarded Home. For the
vampire to see through the eyes of the mites, she must be
able to concentrate and there'must be a large number of
mites together in the area —a single mite is not enough
to allow remote sensing. Direct\sunlight destroys the
Thousand Lice Spies, but they attempt to scuttle out of
the light. Those who are /being used to,watch indoor
areas can sense dimly during the day, should the vampire
somehow be awake to receive the information.

Poiong (Fiest Sujnraj °

This,is a more advanced form of pelesit!Like the
pelesit, the polongisa creature created from the vampire's
own flesh. Thought it canyhave any overall form the
vampire desires, it is always a creature of gristle and raw
flesh, and whatever its shape, it cannét'pass for natural
under even the most cursory glance. Compared to the
pelesit, the polong is a more powerful creature. While
the.creatiire can act'6n its own, the vampire can sense
through the its eyes and exert Disciplines through the
effigy as well. Some Flesh Shintai masters exploit this
and use polongs to share both sides of an experience, so
that they can study the yin and yang passions of predator


@ 53

and prey, attacker and victim, ravisher and ravished.
This discipline is also favored by the penangallan, who use
the polong as a weapon of assassination.

System: A polong is created in fashion similar to a
pelesit. The player spends three points of Yang Chi and
a point of Willpower, and one or more health levels. The
polong detaches itself from the character's body, and has
two health levels for every health level the player spent
to create it. Also, each health level gives the polong one
point each of Strength and Stamina. Polongs have a
Dexterity of 3, Mental Attributes of 2, Social Attributes
of 1, and ajBrawl, Dodge and Athletics of 3. The player
catvalso chose to give the polong points of Yin and Yang
Chi, and can transfer as many points of a given type of
Chi from the vampire to the creature as the vampite's
permanent fating in that Chi Virtue. The vampire can
also see through the polong's eyes and otherwise share its
senses whenever he desires, and cati¢onttobitas if it were
an extension of his body.

When the vampire is/controlling the polong, the
player uses the vampire's Abilities and Mental \At-
tributes and the polong's Physical atid Social Attributes.
The vampire can use his full range of sensory abilities and
all his Disciplines through the polong, although he can't
make the creature create yet more polongs from itself. It
can create pelesits, but the vampire cannot control these

directly. Controlling the polong requires concentration
_ — if the character is performing actions with both bodies
simultaneously, the player must split his dice pool, and
all actions in both bodies suffer a +1 difficulty penalty.
Normally, the vampire assumes a stable posture so that
he does not injure himself — typically, this means sitting
in the lotus position or on a throne, or reclining/on
cushions. This latter is favored by masters of the Jade
Shintai, who go one step further and levitate theirbodies
when controlling the polong, so that they are without
sensational distractions from. their central flesh.

Ifthe vampire uses Disciplines through the polong,
it is the Chi invested in the creature that powers the
ability. Once the creature exhausts:this Chi, it must
return to the vampire and consume more Chi. Polongs
can also use Chi to heal themsélves as if they were
normal vampires. A player/eannot use Willpower to
supplement the polong's actions, and a vampire cannot
use powers through the polong that require the expendi-
ture of Willpower. Polongs can soak lethal damage with
their Stamina, andithese creatures can attack for a base
of their Strength in lethal damage if they are given some
means tod6 so —fanged mouths, claws or so forth. Like
pelesits, polongs can speak in a shrill voice and the
vampire may speak through it as well. Creatures given
WingSjare able to fly, but giving them this endowment
costs an additional health level that provides no other
benefit. If the polong is destroyed, the vampire must
make a wave soul check for one round from the shock.

A vampire who also knows Cleave the Demon
(Cultivation ¢®®®) can force her P'o into a polong,

54

allowing the vampire to use the spirit to motivate the
creature. Treat this the same as forcing the vampire's P'o
into its body after the gut-mass has separated.

Guost-Fiame Sujnraj

Like most Kuei-jin othersthan Devil-Tigérs and
some gaki, the average Thrashing Dragon finds Ghost-
Flame Shintai to be dangerous and costly in terms of the
Chi expended. The Ghost-Flame Shintai has its aficio-
nados among the Fire Dancing Princes, but most Thrash-
ing Dragons eschew this Discipline. Itis fine for war and
art but not terriblysusefiil for survival, making it
Dharmically unappealing.

Jape Sunray

Many Thrashing Dragons practice JadeShintai for the
same reason many of them learn Equilibrium — because the
Shintai increases the character's awareness of the natural
Chi flows around her. This grants the Thrashing Dragon
great insight into life and its rhythms. Indeed, the members
of the Passion Bloodflower sect cannot advance to the rank
of penangallan until they can "dance without their skin." To
perform this act, the yamipire'temoves her head, gut mass
and genitals throtigh the use of Flesh Shintai and usesJade
Shintai to twirl through the air in intricate.cetemonial
dances. Most penangallan prefer tofeéd in this form as well,
feeling that the purity of feedings nothing buta mouth and
gut brings them close to the true nature of existence in the
natural world. Beyond the shintai's use for penangallan, the
ability to hide within the Earth is an excellent survival tool,
and survival is something that Thrashing Dragons under-
stand very well. Finally, the Jade Servant of the August
Personage technique is extremely effective when used in
conjunction with the Dragon Dance.

Denon Arts

TheDemon Arts are practiced by all Kuei-jin — the
P'o will not allow otherwise. However, some Kuei-jin
study these dark arts more extensively. Thrashing Drag-
ons typically eschew these Disciplines, because they are
rooted in thé corpse and the hungry ghost state.

Devon Sunray

Many Thrashing Dragons know this Discipline be-
cause it suited their bestial nature in their chih-mei state.
Few pursue it very far — while powerful, it lacks flexibil-
ity. Thrashing Dragons who wish to change their shape
into something more combat-worthy probably already
know Flesh Shintai. Those who do notare more likely to
pursue esoteric arts like Beast Shintai than give power to
the Demon in such a fashion.

Biack Wino

Few Thrashing Dragons practice Black Wind, pri-
marily because so many study Yang Prana. While the
Principle of Motion is considerably less efficient than
Black Wind, it isn't nearly as dangerous for the vampire.

Turasuing Dragons

Alsopmastery of Black Windirequires constant practice
and effort, while most Thrashing Dragons" naturally
master Principle of Motion as they increase their skill in
Yang Prana. Those.few Dragons who.do master this
Discipline are typically from the northern court. In the
south, there is a stigma‘attached'to the practice of this

Discipline, to learn it is to forswear the Yang Prana.

jron Mounrajn

-The,reluctance of the Thrashing Dragons to learn
the primary Kuei-jin defensive techniques of Corpse
Skin and Flow Like Blood attracts many to the Iron
Mountain' Discipline. Fire-Dancing Princes who have
learned the Iron Mountain in addition to the Eightfold
Yang Barrier are capable of withstanding tremendously
damaging attacks without harm.

Sour Arts

Likemost Kuei-jin, Thrashing Dragons are eager tolearn
the Soul Arts. These Disciplines grant the vampire control
over herself, over other Kuei-jin and over other shen.

CarrivaTion

Mostly practiced by Thrashing Dragons of the Golden
Courts, this discipline is valuable for the ability it gives
practitioners to control their P'o. The penangallan and
langsuir of the south havé'no time for the antics of the
Demon, and keep it tightly chained. Other than these
Passion Bloodflowers, however, most Thrashing Drag-
ons/avoid Cultivation.

Cay770 Mun

Like the Devil-Tigers, the Thrashing "Dragons fre-
quently léarmthe art of the Dragon Tear. Yet they learn it
fordifferent reasons. While the Devil-Tiger treasure the
art's P'o characteristics —insight into the fututé, easeof
spotting enemies, the enslaving bite — Thrashing Drag-
ons learn the Dragon Tear for its Hun principles. Through
the use of the Rasa, they gain insight into the patterns of
fate and destiny. Through Chi Sight;,.they can gain an
insighe"into the nature of the)entire Tapestry at once.
Purification allows them to heal rents in the Tapestry, and
those few who learn Spirit-Eating use it to heal those who
have beenspiritually injured, or else deploy it like the Soul
Shackle, to ensure the loyalty of important underlings. To
the Thrashing Dragons, Chi'iu Muh isa source of tremen-
dous supernatural insight.

OBLjGaTjon

Obligation is a powerful Discipline, worthy of re-
spect. Traditionally, only mandarins and jina learned its
secrets, butover the last few, centuries, it has become
commonplace for younger Dragons to learn it as well.
Those who deal extensively with the mortal world find
it especially useful, and it is most widespread in the Ten
Seasons sect. That faith's followers use it extensively
while tending their gardens of the second sort.

Tiger's Cuaws, Dragon's Teent
pNTERNALJZE

The focus on the inner world that Internalize es-
pouses is rather antithetical to the Dance of the Thrash-
ing Dragon, and has a reputation for being a crutch for
repressed Bone Flowers and Resplendent Cranes. Thrash-
ing Dragons gain focus by following their nature, not by
practicing meditation tricks.Mostof those inthe Dharma
who do practice Intergialize are coutiers who learn it
exclusively for the No Mind ability. A fewother Thrash-
ing Dragons learn it to gain ‘insight intolthe animal
condition without risking the RY Forward and descent
into the chih-mei state. "Y=

New Rjruais

Kuei-jin use ritual magic, not just for sor
strengthen their own directions and deci:
follow are rituals particular tothe Thrashing ‘
Some are known to Kuei-jin outside the Dh: sbut most he peel m of the
are of little interest to those who are not on its path. A J .
Others are the jealously guarded secrets ular sects Sai the world Without its
and cults. Any outsiders known

fetiring for the day, every faithful Theshing ‘Draaan
performs a simple ritual to weleome thesun back to the
world. Of course, this "simple' involves exposing
oneself to the sun's destructive power, which goes a
long way toward proving the dedication of a true

their religion to a youngster, who will only spread it to. sa modichia posture, facing east, and <-palied to
hundredéears or use it to become an akuma? Kuei-jin centér himself as the sky lightens. The goals is to reach

wish to become ritualists must showsdedication to tate of nner harmony and empty mind as the sun
orizon, so that the glory of the Eye of Heayen

much magic.

posture until the sun has risen
» but. it is at for the

use rituals to comme:
cannot return energy
natural process, then
prayers and offerings.
thelprocess by which

in enlightenment whi
derside of life. Indeed,
Dragon is itself a ritual,
existence joining one ins'
the world through its count
Dragon must strive to mak
performs just a smaller part of th
ritual}, When this is so, and the Thr:
spirit sways flawlessly to the ferocious harmo:
nature, she achieves the bodhisattva state and re:
the end of her road back. The following three!
ritual acknowledgements of import:
rather tha, magical entreati

thing back to the Great Cycle.
rable only because it has been decreed by

ment. When a Thrashing Dragon
creature to sustain itself, it has incurred a

dgement of this debt, the vampire offers prayers

rit of the fallen creature and to Heaven, which
has allowed the vampire to continue its existence, even
at such a great price to creation.


56

System: The rite must be performed within three
days of the vampiré*killing.a mortal. If the Thrashing
Dragon cannot perform the ritual herself, she must have
another vampire who is able to do so perform it iftjher.
place. The situal itself is a simple one, consisting of an
hour-long prayer followed by an offering of food, wine
and paper goods to the spirit of the deceased, and by
burning bundles of prayer strips entreating Heaven to
grant special dispensation to the victimé

There are no direct mechanical benefits to‘perform-
ing this ritual. However, vampires who are lax in their
duty towards theirivictims fay incur a moment of
blindness due to their lack of respect. It bears noting
again that though they offer prayers to the spirits oftheir
victims, Thrashing Dragons show little compuriction for
feeding. Indeed, they are more prone to kill their prey
than any other sort of Kuei-jin, because they see it as
their place in the cycle to do so.

Ryruar For Giving Birt (Lever 1 Ryre)

Thrashing Dragons, particularly those of the Passion
Bloodflower sect, agree that iris agreat gift from Heaven
that they can bring new Life into the world. Though they
do not respire orgivé back to the world in any normal
way, the Thrashing Dragons can at least repréduce.
Though their offspring are still half-deadietéatures, they
are also half-living, more than the Kuei-jin herself. So
highly do the penangallan value this experience that
none may enter their ranks until she has given birth.

System: This ritual is practiced as the Kuei-jin gives
birth toadhampyr, and isa celebration of the event. The
vampite meditates on the birthing pains, using them as
a reminder of the pain of Yomi. She reflects also on the
world's harsh beauty; at the heart of this most wondrous
event there is agony, and the young enter the world
screaming and covered.inblood. Thus is the nature of life
illustrated.This ritual has no direct mechanical effect,
but many Thrashing Dragons experience dén during the
process of giving birth — an event made more likely by
the use of this ritual.

Rjtes oF SorceRous jNTENT

Though the Thrashing Dragons are creatures of
ritual action, they do not limit themselves exclusively to
ritualizing daily behavior — many of their rites have
great occult power. The following rites are unique to the
Dharma, and most are protected as secrets of the faith.
They are taught only to trusted members of the sect.

The Scarier Sjix Least oF Yang Spjrjr
Bynpjng (Lever 3 Ryte)
The Thrashing Dragons of the Thousand-Faced

Thunder sect often have congress with spirits and

elementals. These vampires live in close contact with
the urban spirit courts, and act as scourges)of these
places, consuming corrupted or negligent spirits. These
Kuei-jin often exert their mastery over lesser spirits of

Tarasning Dragons

the.technological domaiti little elementals of data,
atomic power and honeycomb compositésThey some-
times bind these creatures for use in talismans, which
requires this ritual.and the ritual®Fabrication of the
Elemental Instrument as well. Other timésj:they use
them as valets, servants and guards, and such servitudé
réquires only this rite.

A soreérer whovuses this ritual can be sure of her
servants' loyalty. Spirits who are held by it are rendered
tame and. faithful, executing the sorceret's orders to the
best of their ability. They may fail or make mistakes, but
they will not intentionally disobey the magician's com-
mands. The ritualist's command is a very real thing. It
cannot simply be brushed aside, even by the spirit's

superiors, for its power is rooted in the same source as the

power of those superiors. A spirit of less than 90 power is
unlikely to be able to be able to free the bound spirit from
the ritualist's control or bind the fettered spirit to itself.

System: Placing the leash upon a spirit is a fairly
complex ritual, and cannot be carried out without some
prepatation. This includes a lit brazier and a number of
ceremonial objects (bells, censers, etc.), so using the
titual as a defense against hostile spirits is impossible —
the Kuei-jinvis unlikely to be able to tap his spirit-
subjugating gong at the proper tempo when under attack
by the spirit's charms. Likewise, unless the Kuei-jin-has
some means of forcing the spirit to hold still (typically
the Tapestry power Chi-shaping), it can be problematic
to leash a spirit that is intelligent enough to recognize
whatis happening and leave the area. This is, in any case,
an act of questionable wisdom, since spirits intelligent
enough to recognize the ritual are also intelligentenough
to harbor hard feelings over their bindings.

Kuei-jin must be able to sense the spirit as well as
immobilize it. This is done usually through the vampire's
Lifesight or the Chi'iu Muh power Chi Sight, but any
other means of sensing the Yang Mirror Lands works, so
long as they are atleast as precise as vision.

Typically, the Kuei-jin enters an area of the Middle
Kingdom opposite the areaof Yang Mirror Lands where
the spirit to be bound is located. After immobilizing the
spirit, she begins placing the leash, which takes about
thirty minutes. While the rite can be performed in the
outdoors, it-is obviously occult in nature, involving
burning incense, jade chimes, complex prayers and
intricate magicaldiagrams. For this reason, it is gener-
ally done in private.

Once the rite is complete, 'the player makes:a Ma+
nipulation + Rituals roll (difficulty équal:to the local
Wall rating, or4 ifactually in the Yang World). If this is
successful, the playerspenidsa point of Yang Chiand rolls
the character's Manipulation'+ Occult roll with a diffi-
culty of the spirit's Willpower. Lower the difficulty of
this roll by 2 if the spirit has been previously trapped via
Chi-shaping. The player can make as many rolls as she
scored successes on the initial Manipulation + Rituals
roll, at a rate of one per turn, but must spend a point of

Ticer's Ciaws, Dragon's Tent

Yang Chi for each roll. During the period when the
player is making Yang + Occult rolls, the spirit is aware
of the ritual's effect and may resist by lashing out at the
Kuei-jin. While unintelligent spirits may become agi-
tated by this ritual and attempt to flee, they are not likely
to connect the magic with the vampire. Spirits immobi-
lized by Chi-shaping or without combat-oriented charms
are essentially helpless.. When the player chooses to
make no additional Yang + Occult rolls,(or runs out of
them), the spirit becomes bound to the Kuéi-jin's service
fora number of lunar months equal to the total successes
accumulated on the vampire's Yang + Occult rolls. The
Kuei-jin can renew the effects of the leash on aspirit, but
must free it for at least the duration of the rite (when the
player is making Yang + Occult rolls). During this time,
the spirit is likely to attempt to flee or destroy the Kuei-
jin — even the stupidest spirits will realize the nature of
their master after several months of slavery.

AKuei-jincan safely control spirits whose total power
is equal to or less than her (Yang + Oceult) x 20. To
control more spirits lessens the vampire's control over the
stableasa whole, and the Storytellershould emphasize the
increasingly weak control after the sorcerer Surpasses the
safe limit. When.the vampire passes the limit of safe
control, compare the Rage of the bound»spirits to the
Willpower of the sorcerer. For every full 10 points of
cumulative power the sorcerer controls beyond her safe
limit, subtract 1 from her Willpower for the purposes of
the comparison. Any spirits whose Rage is greater than
the sorcerer's adjusted Willpower are increasingly free of
the magician's control. A spirit whose Rage is only 1 point
higher than the sorcerer's adjusted Willpoweris occasion-
ally disobedient, one with a 3 point advantage is openly
willful, and one with a 5 point lead slips the scarlet silk
leash completely. A spirit, particularly one. with high
Rage, is likely to be poorly disposed to the vampire who
enslaved it when its period of slavery lapses.

This ritual cannot be used to bind spirits with a power
greater than 40, though there are more powerful versions
available to mandarins and bodhisattyas. A botch during
the casting of this ritual often-has negative consequences,
which are left up to the Storyteller to determine.

Donning THE NecKLace OF Suis

(Lever 3 Ryre)

This dangerous rite is used by the penangallan of the
Golden Courts before battles and aspart of theirreligious
celebrations. One or more vampires can take part — all
participants imbibe a powerful hallucinogenic poison
and begin dancing. When it is over, the vampires either
enter a battle-trace or'an orgiastic state, depending on
the circumstances — outsiders may find the two states
difficult to distinguish. Penangallan frequentlyuse this
ability to increase their combat power when fighting
especially powerful foes, when preparing for duels with
other jungle queens, or.aspartéf the bonding orgies they
use to reinforce guanxi bonds.

System: The dance lasts about an hour, and spreads
the poison into every atom of the vampire's being. At
the end of the dance, the hallucinogenic effects take
hold and the participants' players make Willpower rolls
(difficulty 8) to control the hallucinations. It is easier
to master the hallucinations caused by the poisons if
the vampire is part of a group. Lower the difficulty of
the Willpower roll by one, to a minimum of 4, for every
other Kuei-jin who takes part. Each vampire in the
group must know the ritual. ,

Ifthe player fails the Willpower roll, the vampire is
left paralyzed and helpless ina hallucinatory state. Those
whose players succeed enter an ecstatic trance, becom-
ing sharply aware of sensual input. The resulting state is
often described as a combination of orgasm and the joy
of killing — many penangallan have experienced dén
during their first exposure.

The mechanical effect of this is to grant the vampire
anumber of combat advantages. The player adds3 to the
vampire's base initiative on all combat rolls, suffers no
wound penalties, and gains a number of special Yang
points equal to her permanent Yang' score plus the
number of successes she achieved on her Willpower roll
to master the hallucinogen. These "phantom" points of
Yang can be used only to fuel the Yang Prana arts
Principle of Motion or Dragon Dance, and fade when the
hallucinogenic poison wears off. A vampire under the
effects of this ritual never retreats from combat, cannot
use Demon Chi or enter any soul state, and reacts
directly and aggressively to anything she perceives as
hostile. Vampires affected by the ritual do not attack one
another or their allies, and have a preternatural sense for
all other penangallan involved in the dance — knowing
their location.and whether they are in dangez.

This dangerous ritual can only be safely performed
by someone who knows the Dragon Dance (Yang Prana
©) and has survived a rite such.as' Welcoming the
Penangallan, or Naming the Ancestor. Mortals who
ingest the poisons used in this ritual die after hours of
terrifying hallucinations, Supernatural beings who in-
gest the hallucinogens without appropriate psychic rein-
forcement go into a killing frenzy for the duration, and
emerge with a number of derangements equal to (10 -
their Willpower). This madness can only be cured through
the use of Purification (Chi'iu Muh @¢¢®®) or some
similarly potent magical curative.

This ritual is also used by Kuei-jin of the Brilliant
Embers Devil-Tiger sect.

The Thousanp-Eyep SorcerER
(Lever 4 Rye)

Through the use of this rite, the sorcerer binds a
multiplicity of tiny Yang spirits to him. The exact num-
ber of spirits is irrelevant, for all are so small as to be
individually insignificant. Kuei-jin use these spirits to
keep an eye on a person or place, and can see through
their eyes with concentration.

System: This ritual takes about six hours, and the
results last until the next full moon. A Kuei-jin who already
has his Thousand Eyes deployed can perform this ritual on
the full moon to renew his control over his servants and
continue his surveillance without interruption.

For eyeryipoint of Occult the Kueiajin possesses, he
may control enough spirits to watch one target. The
target can be a person, place or object, but the sorcerer
must carry the spirits with him until he "attaches" them,
and they,are.clearly visible as a horde of tiny spirit-
creatures swarming aroundihim. To attach the spirits to
a target, the sorcerer must touch)it, and make a ritual
gesture with the other hand. This is subtle enough that
Shrouded Moon (¥in Prana ®) conceals it, but any
informed person who sees' the Kuei-jin knows he has
done something magical.

Once they have been attached, the spirits bound by
the Thousand-Eyed Sorcerer rite are very subtle — they
can only be seen with spirit'Sight or\from the Yang
World, and even then the playermust make a Perception
+ Occult roll (difficulty 7) for the charactefito spot the
spirits. Observers muse score at least 3 successes 6itithe!
Occult roll to realize that the spirits are/part of some sort
of deliberate surveillance, if they're not familiar with or
expecting this ritual. The spirits have a Power, P'o, Hun
and Willpower of 1, and are stopped by any wards. Spirits

bound withyrhis ritual do not count against the maxi-

mum Power the magician can control usingthe Scarlet
Silk Leash:

Fasrjcarjon oF THE EvemenTal jNsTRUMENT
(Lever 4 Rie)

Thrashing Dragons, particularly those ofthe Thou-
sand-Faced Thunder sect, frequently bind spirits into
objects, creating powerful artifacts. This ritual works on
all spitits of the Yang world, butt it is especially effective
if the spirit is the willing servant of the vampire.

Objects to be enchanted must be of fine materials
—-spirits do not dwell in inferior residences, even if
bound inté servitude. Items made of podrmaterials
either shatter or result in an enchantment that attacks
the wielder. The intelligent sorcerer determines the
spirit's preference before obtaining the receptaclesThe
most important thing is that the Shape of the'housing
corresponds with the purpése of the spirit —a spirit of
erotic love (will haveplittle interest in an automatic
pistol as ashome.

System: The sorcerer must first obtain and prepare
the object to be enchanted. The vampire need not
prepare it himself, but the being who crafts it must be a
master (Crafts 4+ ). If the item is of technological nature,
it must be a one-off or prototype — mass production is


Tiger's Ciaws, Dragon's Teert

antithetical to talismans. Next, the sorcerer must con-
vince the spirit to enter the object; the process for doing
so varies depending on whether the enchanter intends to
create a temporary or permanent artifact.

Temporary artifacts — also called lesser elemental
instruments — are relatively easy to create. A spirit
bound via the Scarlet Silk Leash can be placed into
such an object during a*four-hour-version of this rite.
This ritual must be conducted in a dragon nest, and
requires the sacrifice of at least one pound of incense
and one pound of jade. The player rolls Charisma +
Occult (difficulty 6) when the rite is complete. For
each success, the artifact may be used once. For lesser
elemental instruments which are expended during use
(such as ritual powders or strips), each success creates
enough for one use. While the items are good until
used, in no case can the number of instruments created
via the rite exceed the number of lunar months left in
the spirit's service. :

Spirits do not usually partake in the creation of a
permanent magical item, called a greater elemental
instrument, even if bound.Invorder'to be forced into
such an item, the spirit must either be beaten to 0
Power in spirit combat, or resttained via Chi-shaping.
The major exceptions to'this are the:spitit.allies of the
Thousand-Faced Thunder sect. Kuei-jin with such per-
sonal relationships can often bargain with their spirit
allies to obtain one of the ally's less powerful servitors
to create a permanent item — normally with the
provision that the item be destroyed (and the spirit
released) after a few years. In either case, the sorcerer
must sacrifice some of her own life.foréé'to, bind the
spirit to the item. To create a greater elemental instru-
ment, the Kuei-jin takes part ina nightlong ritual at a
dragon nest and the player makes.a Charisma.+ Rituals
roll (difficulty 9). If the roll is successful, a greater
elemental instrument is the result. If it fails, the vessel
shatters, along with any magical constraints holding
the spirit: Regardless of the success or failure of the rite,
the vampire loses a point of permanent Yang.

The Storyteller and theplayer should work' together
to determine the powers of any items created via the use
of the Fabrication of the Elemental Instrument. Ex-
amples of both lesser and greater elemental instruments
are provided later in this chapter. As a general rule, the
maximum level of the artifact that a vampirecan create
from a given spirit is equal to the Power of the Spirit
divided by 10 and rounded down. A ritualist cannot
Greate an artifact whose level is greater 'than her Yang'
scoré-at the beginning of the rite.

term penangallan describes a Kuei-jin who has ful-
filled certain prerequisitesi/These include reaching
an advanced state of the enlightenment (Dharma 6),

59

possessing female sexual characteristics, having borne
achild after taking the Second Breath and accumu-
lating enough resources that she need never take
another husband to increase her wealth.

But this position is not simply a matter of fulfilling a
few preconditions. To become a true penangallan, a
vampire must survive a grueling initiation similar to the
rite used by the mandarins of the Quincunx to crown
ancestors. It comprises a series of tests where the prospec-
tive penangallan demonstrates her Dharmic knowledge,
combat skills and ability to endure and overcome pain.
If the participant survives, the penangallan who tested

-her'celebraté by forcing the hallucinogenic poison used

in Donning the Necklace of Skulls between her lips and
dragging her through the ritual dance and the subse-
quent orgy. If she fails, her corpse is left for the Eye of
Heaven, and the dust of her remains that are left when
night falls are used in the garden,of the pétiangallan who
sponsoted her when she was langsuir.

System: Therite involves three parts: a test of Dharmic
knowledge, a test of combat ability and a test of endurance.
Each test requires the player to maké aniiextended roll at
difficulty 7. In the first, the player rolls Yangthree times, in
the second, she rolls her Martial/Arts, Melee and Firearms
once each, and in the third, she rolls her Stamina three
times. In each case, she must accumulate five successes in
those three rolls for her character to pass the test.

If the vampire fails the first test, she loses face and
cannot take the test for five years. If she fails the second
test, she suffers the Little Death (including a roll for a
possible.act of blindness) and cannot take the test for
another year. If she fails the third test, she dies the Final
Death, and,her soul falls into Yomi. If she passes the
initiation, the penangallan gains several benefits:

© Her maximum Yang Chi is increased by.5!

© Theplayermayspend one more point of Chi perturn
than the vampire's Dharma level-would normally allow.

© Her attempts to resist wave soul are decreased in
difficulty by2,

® She no longer suffers the increased likelihood of fire
soul associated with permanent Yang imbalance.

These abilities last so long as the vampire continues
to exist. Like Donning the Necklace of Skulls, this rite
is shared with the Brilliant Embers sect of the Devil-
Tiger Dharma.

ELEMENTAL jNSTRUMENTS

Thesé magical devices produced by the Thousand-
Faced Thunder sect havea technological appearance, and
typically also feature technological mannerisms and inter-
faces. In.the modern era these are electronic, but transis-
torized, mechanical and even clockwork versions of some
of these items exist. However, beyond the requirements of
similarity for sympathetic magic, these objects are not
actually functional technology. Their power and effects
come purely from the spirits bound within them.

Prostyrure-Cieanjng OjnTHenr
Level One Artifact

The terrible susceptibility to disease of Y:
vampires combines poorly'with the Thrashing
propensity for physical indulgence. As with ae Wine
Bottle of Plenty (see below), some Thrashing Dragons
have turned to elemental instruments for the answer.
This artifact is a scentless, clear and somewhat thick
cream made by binding spirits of health into a mundane
ointment of some sort. Applied to am individial, it pre-
vents any diseases:he has from, spteading until the next
sunrise, no matter how/vitulent thé disease or how inti-
mate the contact — including drinking the target's blood.
This is often useful in circumstances other than sex; such'

ang-addled

as when a Thrashing Dragon must go out in ptblioWhile »

she is herself infected with some disease.

Each dot of the Artifact Background that a player takes —
provides her with four uses of the ointment, which is often

disguised as a sex lubricant of some'sort. Note that this
ointment provides only one-way protection; the subject
can still contract diseases, she simply cannot spread them.

SERVICE JNTERCHANGE TaljsMaN

Level One Aftifact :

Made with the assistance of a spirit.oftfoads and
highways, these items are stiff red plastic prayer strips that
include one-way pull-through connectors. Once a Ser-
vice Interchange Talisman is attached to a telephone,
cable, gas, water, electricity or other utility connection,
the meter will never be shut off. Mortals fail to take note
of the undue usage, and meter inspectors simply ignore
them. It cannot reconnect a disconnected utility, how-
ever. If the Service Interchange Talisman is tampered
with or removed, the protection is voided, and the char-
acter may be billed or their service terminated. However,

this only removessthé protections ittdoes not call specific ¢_
attention'to the situation. It will not be spotted until the/_

next audit or billing cycle. Characters can change of
replace the tags if they are careful about their timing. —
Service Interchange Talismans/are single-use arti-

facts — they cannot be moved from utility to utili
Taking Service Intéi Talismans as an artifact

fe Begone

Tarasijng Dragons

Originally, this rieualiwastused. primarily with skins or
of wine, butitoday it is typically used 6'béttled wine
of the cheapest sort. Versions also exist that provide beer,
rack cocaine, marijuana, Opium, morphine and
ly any other drug imaginable. Each"dot,of this
the character takes)provides him with five such

electronic device ao. ee he isa pie:
lack plastic box wi r
n, a number of buttons and several 1/O ports. The
box isilugged into the computer by running a cable from
one of the data tap's I/O ports to the computer's keyboard
port, and then plugging a normal computer
into the dataitap/ The spider spirit in the tap
rewrites the machine's interface to accept commands
from the character's,keyboard. This takes a few seconds

"for. an.office worker's computer, minutes or even hours for
phigh-security systems. /
| Data taps ate designed to steal data, and have vast
__ Storage capacities. The tap can display most file types via

an onboardbrowser /and hasa sophisticated array of code-
cracking tools built i in. Commercial codes can be cracked.
while military or high-seetitity coding
days. The tap has sophisticated status
displays forall stages ofthe operation, and characters with
computer skills mayjenhaiice the data tap's performance
—the player rolls = + Computer to a! the

its of finance and investment
lastic cards, these artifacts are

provides the character with a dozen of them, which is

enough to provide. full connections to two houses or
survival services to a half-dozen.

Wine Bore or Puenty

Level One Artifact

Tt takes a great quantity of intoxicants for a Kuei-jin's
corpse-body to feel the effectsofadrug. The Wine Bottles of
Plenty are the ritualist's answer to this ptoblem: lesser
elemental instruments created by binding aspirit 6fyice into

abottle of wine. From the time the bottle is opened until the -

next sunrise, the wine inside will notrun out unless the bottle
is broken or deliberately emptied out. The wine reaches the
halfway mark, and then never noticeably descends, no
matter how much is consumed or how many,people share it.

ard is not great enough to
allow single equivalent of.$1,000, or

expenses of more than $5,000 a day. Use of these devices
is spiritually Obtrusive, and often attracts the attention of
the Five Metal Dragons. Characters who use these devices
60/much may find they no longer work, or that they've
become a target for Metal Dragon demon-hunters. Wise
Thousand-Faced Thunders use them to pay for moderate,
regular expenses, such as rent, or to fund efforts to flee
attack or survive the loss of their lair.


Tiger's Craws, Dragon's Teert ©) E 61

Camouriace Sujr

Level Three Artifact

These suits are created by trapping a spirit of night
and darkness, and are normally patterned after the
battle dress of various elite forces, with cargo pockets,
tip-resistant fabric, a back brace and armored knee
and elbow pads. Most have integral type I or IIb body
armor, and all includé hoods and.CBR facemasks.
When the suit is worn, the character Can invoke the
Yang spirit within it to muffle her scent and her
infrared and radar signatures. The suit also\blends in
with the vampire's surroundings, softening the edges
of her outline and making her more difficult to spot.
The result is a +2 increase in the difficulty of Alert-
ness or Stealth tests to find the character. The suit
does not amplify or enhance more powerful magical
stealth effects like Shrouded Moon (Yin Prana ® ) and
White Tiger Corpse (Bone Shintai ¢ ¢). Camouflage
suits are powered by the spirit's energy, which is
limited, and which recovers slowly. It costs one Chi
per scene to power the suit's effects, and the spirits
bound into these suits normally haye 10 Chi available
for such effects. This Chi returns at the rate, of one
point per day, but this recovery time is halved at a
dragon nest or in the Yang World.

Baron or Mastery

Level Four Artifact

These weapons are made by binding a tiger-spirit
into a baton. In ancient days, these were made with the
spirits of fierce tiger-generals, and the Cathayans of the
Thousand-Face Thunder used them to pursue unrigh-
teous spirits through the jungle night. In the modern
nights, the tiger-spirits used are typically those who have
been pressed into urban duties of some sort — serving as
the mascots of some army force or overseeing the depre-
dations of the secret police. Their separation from the
wild and their dark duties have changed these beasts.
Once, these weapons were made in the shape of ornate
sistrums, and struck musical blows at the enemies of
righteousness. Now, they are made in the form of slick,
black plastic riot batons with steel cores, to provide more
fitting homes for their inhabitants.

The artifact drives those that it strikes toypanic and
submission, in addition to causing the regular damage of
a riot baton. The victim's player must make a reflexive
P'o roll (difficulty 6) every time the character is struck.
Failure sends the vampire into wave souland causes her
to flee. If the target is a mortal, Cainite or other being,
the player rolls Courage. The victim enters Rétschreck
or simple panic if the roll fails.


62

ApAPTIONS FOR Minp's Eve THeatre

The following are adaptations for/some of the
Disciplines, rites and artifacts for Thrashing Difagonisy
The Storyteller has final say on what is permissible in
game, Refer to the maintext for more complet®in-
setting descriptions of these abilitiesy

NEW Dijscjpune TecHnjques

A character wishing to learn these new tech-
niques must acquire the necessary level of Discipline
(or Disciplines) indicated beside the technique! He
must then seek out/a teacher who knows'the.tech-
nique. The cost of these is based on*the"level /of
knowledge necessary to study the technique (so a
technique that requires Advanced Yang Prana will
cost nine experience points). Studyy/times are at the
discretion of the Storyteller, who may choose to in-
crease ordecrease learning time based on the character's
diligence.

New charactersetaysfot enter play with these
techniques.

Anja. Form Dragon Dance
(Sconp jureRMenjaTe Yang Prana)

This is an advanced version of the Dragon Dance
(see Laws of the East, page 138) that incorporates
techniques observed from the animal world to make
the Kuei-jin's battle style even deadlier.

System: The power costs one Yang Trait just like
the normal Dragon Dance and grants all the same
benefits as it (not suffering wound penalties, a free
retest on attempts to resist mental domination, etc.).
The character'syanitial $tanGeialso. gives his attacks a

bestialiferocity — the Kuei-jin's brawling, martial arts/
or/melee combat attacks inflict an extra level of

damage. In addition, the vampire's animal reflexes
and natural grace make him react quickly to threats;
his brawkand melee attacks are considered to have the
Speed special abilitY (like @knife or nunchaku). This
special ability does not work if the character is using a
melee weapon but does not have the Melee Ability or
is using a weapon' with a speed-telated Negative Trait
(such as Slow).

EjcuTroip Yang Barrer
(SEconp jurerMenjare Yang, Prana)
Some Thrashing Dragons learn the Eightfold Yang
Barrier in place of the illusion-based Eightfold Yang
Mantle. Through the use of this power, the vampire
concentrates her Yang-charged aura into a crackling
energy field around her. Blows struék against her are
softened or even blocked by her aura.

System: This technique costs two Yang'Traits to
activate for a scene and grants ithe vampire extra
health levels like armor. The numberof health levels
of protectionithé barrier grants dependsion the type of
attack. The barrier grants three levels against attacks
from metallic' weapons, two levels against attacks
made with non-metallic items, and a single level
against sources of aggravated damage. These health
levels are the first to absorb any,damage, and disappear
at the end of the scene if they have not been used.

CHance f
(First jrervepjare Fis: Supwraj)

Using this power, aivampire can change his or her
gender with minimal alteration'and remain recogniz-
able to acquaintances. Thisis important in the Golden
Courts, where being female and able to bear children
is an important part of status as a penangallan.

System: This power costs three Yang Traits and
one Willpowet Trait and requires about 15 minutes of
concentration. This power governs only the ability to
change between the two regular genders. Vampires
who wish to experiment with alternate equipment or
with combining genders will have to master the Ten
Thousand Forms technique.

Since suchiachahgeis physically impossible (with-
out considerable time and expense), the Gender
Changed playét is advised to wear clothing that is
eithernondescript or appropriate to his new gender, as
wellas a tag thatidentifies him as looking like the
opposité sex. This takes considerable maturity..to
foleplay in live-action, and should not be used as an
opportunity ‘to make other players uncomfortable or
to act eye

develop animal inspired
combat vane as to develop the ability to
emulate some of the animal's physical characteristics.
Thrashing Dragons who practice the Tiger Style mar-
tial arts/often groweterrible claws, while those who
practice Monkey Style ate.know for their amazing
flexibility. Vampires who use)this ability, however,
are not silky) attractive hybrids of ifansand,afiimal.
Their bodies are twisted and rudely reshaped, and red,
torn flesh marks where thenew-grown animal features
tear through the vampire's flesh.
System: This power costs at least two Yang Traits
to activate and lasts for one scene. It makes all the
character's hand-to-hand attacks cause lethal dam-

Tiger's Gaws, Dracon's TexTa © 63

age. In addition, the player can purchase other benefits
with the Yang Traits spent to activate Fur and Fangs.
Benefits must be cleared with a Storyteller and can
include:

© Gaining the Speed special ability for unarmed
attacks (one Yang Trait).

© Gaining extravlevels in the'Dodge Ability (one
Yang Trait per level).

© Gain extra Bruised Health levels\(two Yang
Traits per health level).

Most Thrashing Dragons use this ability in con-
junction with the Yang Prana technique Animal Form
Dragon Dance.

Thousanp Ljce Spjes
(Apvancep Fiesn Sujnraj)

Mastered by the Ten Seasons sect, this power is
not unlike the ability Pelesit, but in a much advanced
and subtle form. The Kuei-jin sheds tens of thousands
of tiny mites, each far smaller than apinhead, and uses
them to spy into the aréa where they were dispersed.

System: This power costsone Yang Trait to,acti-
vate and requires the. vatnpire to shake. off a cloudiof
mites. Theyplayer should inform/a Narrator.that her
vampire has doné'so and where. The vampire can then
leave the area and, simply by concentrating; perceive
what transpires in the location where the mites are.
She can also use the mites to search the area thor-
oughly, uncovering anything she can see through
normal perception, no matter how well-hidden. The
mites vanish with the next.sunrise. They are not
visible to normal means of electronic surveillance, but
a vampire with Chi Sightor SharpenedSenses may spot
themwitha successful Mental Challenge. Ritual fumi-
gation or the ritual Harmonious Shielding of the Guarded
Home will destroy them, as will sunlight.

PoLong (Apvancen Fiesh Sujnra;)

This is a more advanced formiof a pelesit. Like a
pelesit, the polong is a creature created fromthe
vampire's own flesh. While it can act onlits;own, the
vampire can sense through the its eyes and exert
Disciplines through the effigy as well.

System: A polong is created in fashion similar
to a pelesit. The player spendsthree Yang' Traits,
one Willpower Trait and one or more-health levels.
For each health level spent,' the polong has two.
health levels, three Physical Traits, twé"Mental
Traits and two levels of Brawl. Polongs can also bite
fora level of lethal damage. The vampire can trans-
fer Chi Traits to the polong (as many as he_has to
give if he wishes). He shares his senses with polong
as if it were an extension of his.bédy, and the
creature'shares the vampire's*Abilities and Mental

Attributes. The vampire can use his full range of
sensory abilities and all his Disciplines through the
polong, although he can't make the creature create
yet more polongs from itself. It can create pelesits,
but the vampire cannot control these directly.
Controlling the polong requires concentration. If
the vampire uses Disciplines through the polong, it
is the Chi Traits invested in the creature that
power the ability. Once the creature exhausts this
Chi, it-must return to the vampire and consume
more Chi. Polongs can also use Chi to heal them-
selves as if they were normal vampires. Powers that
require the expenditure of Willpower Traits can-
not be channeled through the polong. Like pelesits,
polongs can speak in a shrill voice and the vampire
may speak through it as well. Creatures given wings
are ablesto fly, but giving them' this endowment
costs an additional health level which provides no
other benefit. If the polong is destroyed, the vam-
pire must make a wave soul check from the shock.

A polong should be represented' withia prop card
and given to a Narrator if it\is sent away from the
vampire.

Rytes oF Dajty Exjstence

More than any other Kuei-jin, Thrashing Drag-
onsuse rituals to commemorate everyday events. The
following rites have no direct benefits in terms of
game tules and do not require the expenditure of
Traits. They are, however, part of leading unlife as a
Thrashing, Dragon and can lead to auspicious occa-
sions.

GREETING THE SUN (Basjc Rite)

To the Thrashing Dragons, there is_no, sight
more holy than the facé) of»the.sunwThe eternal
symbol of the August Personage of Jade's infinite
benevolence, the sun brings life and light to the
world. Without its radiance, theTapestry would
weaken and die. Before retiring for the day, every
faithful Thrashing Dragon performs a simple ritual
to welcome the sun back to the world. The vampire
assumes a meditative posture, facing east, and begins
to center himself as the sky lightens. Many attempt
to remain in this posture until the sun has risen fully
above the horizonybut itis permitted for the vampire
to adjourn to,his lair after three mortal heartbeats.
Dragons;who are permanently Yin-imbalanced are
said to suffer from being unable to perform this rite.

Prayer ror Taring Lire (Basjc Rite)
When a Thrashing Dragon consumes a creature

to sustain itself, he has incurred a debt to the world as
awhole that he can never repay. Inacknowledgement

64 Thrasnnc Dragons
4 a

of this debt, the Vampiretoffers prayers to the spirit of
the fallen creature and to Heaven, which has allowed
the vampire to continuevhis existence, eyén at suchia
great price to creation. The ritual itself isa simpleone,
consisting of an hour-long' prayer followed by an'
offering of food, wineand paper goods to the spirit.of
the deceased, and by burning bundles offprayer strips
entreating Heaven to grant specialdigspensation to the
victim, It must be performed within threedays of the
victim's death: While there issno,direct mechanical
benefit to performing: the ‘ritualf failure to acknowl-
edge a victim's death with this rite may fitid the
vampire suffering moments of blindness at inoppor-
tune times dueéito her lack of respect for créatiort.

Rite For Giving Byatt (Basje Rite)

This ritual is practiced as the Kuei-jin gives birth
to a dhampyr, and is a celebration of the event. The
vampire meditates on the birthing pains, using them
as a reminder of the pain of Yomi: She reflects also on.

the world's harsh beauty;"atythe heart of this most

wondrous event there'is,agony, and the young enter
the world screaming and covered in blood. Thus isthe
nature of life illustrated. There is no direct mechanical
effect, but a Thrashing Dragon. isméré likely to expe-
rience dén during birth if she performs this ritual.

Rytes oF SoRCEROUS jNTENT

The following powerful rites are unique to the
Dharma, and most are protected as secrets of the faith.
They are taught only to trusted members of the sect.

Donnyng THe Neckace or Srulis

(jureRMeDjate Ryte)

This dangerous\rit€ is tisedeby. the penangallan of
the Golden Courts before battles andias part of their
religious celebrations. One or more vampires can take
part — all participants imbibe a powerful hallucino-
genic poison and begin to dance. When it is over, the

vampites'@ither enter a battle-trance or an orgiastic

state, depending,on the citcumstances.

System: The dance lasts for about an hour, and
every atom of the vampire's being becomes saturated
with the poison. At the end of the dance, the halluci-
nogenic effects take hold and the participants must
make Static Willpower Challenges to control the
hallucinations. It is easier‘for.a group of vampires to
master the hallucinations'caused bythe poison; each
participant gains a free retest for every other partici-
pant. Each vampire in the group must know the ritual.

Ifthe player fails the challenge, the vampire is left
paralyzed and helpless in a hallucinatory state. Those
whose players succeed enter an éestatic ‘trance, be-
coming sharply aware of sensual input for the remain-

der of the scenedThis grants the vampire a number of
combat advantages: The vampire gains an extra ac-
stion for all handztozhand. attacks, sufferssno wound
penalties, and gains a number 6f special Yang Traits,
@qilal.to her starting, pool) of Yang Traits. These
"phantom" Yang Traitsjcansbe used only to fuel the
Yang Prana arts Principle of - Dragon Dance,
and fade when the hallueinogenic poison\wears off. A
vampire/under the effects of this ritual never retreats
from combat, cannot use Demon Chi or enter any
soul state, and reacts directly and aggressively to
anything she perceives as hostile. Vampires affected
by the ritual do not attack one another or their allies.
~ This)\dangerous ritual can only be safely per-

formed by someone who knows the Dragon Dance
_ (Intermediate Yang Prana) and has survived a rite

such as Welcoming the Penangallan or Naming the
Ancestor: Mortals who ingest the poisons used in this
ritual die after houts of tertifying hallucinations.
Supernatural beings who ingest the hallucinogens
without appropriate psychic reinforcement go into a
killing frenzy for the/duration, and emerge with a
number of derangements equal to (10 - their Will-
power Pool). This madness can only be cured through
the use of Purification (Intermediate Chi'iu Muh),or
some similarly potent magical curative.

This ritual is also used by Kuei-jin of the Brilliant
Embers Devil-Tiger sect.

Tue Scarier Sjix Leash oF Yang Spirit
Byung (jurervenjare Ryte)

The Thrashing Dragons of the Thousand-Faced
Thuider. sect exert their mastery over lesser spirits
of the'technological domain — little elementalsof,
data, atomic power and honeycomb composites.
They sometimes bind these creatures for use in
talismans, which fequires this ritual and the'ritual
Fabrication of the Elemental Instrument as well. Other
times, they use them as valéts) servantSiand guards,
and such servitude requires only this rite.

System: Placing the leash upon a spirit isa fairly
‘complex ritual, and cannot be carried out without
some preparation, This includes a having)lit brazier
and a nurtber of ceremonial objects (bells, cetisers,
etc.), Thereforestisifig the ritual as a defense against
hostile spitits/is impossiblé}yunless the Kuei-jin has
some means of forcing it to holdhstill (typically, the
Tapestry power Chieshaping), an intelligent spitit may
realize what isshappening and leave the area.

Kuei-jin must bé ablé!to,sense the spirit to trap
itesTjypi¢ally, the Kuei-jin enters an area of the
Middle Kingdom opposite the area of Yang Mirror
Lands where the spirit to be bound is located. After
immobilizing the spirit, she begins placing the leash.

This takes 30 minutes of out-of-game time, and is
generally done in private. The rite involves many
ritual acts such as burning incense and inscribing
diagrams, and spending Yang Traits. The player then
faces a Mental Challenge against the spirit's Will-
power (retest with Occult). If successful, the spirit is
bound for a number,6f lunar nionths equal to Yang
Traits spent during the rite. The Kuéi-jin can renew
the effects of the leash onsaspirit, but must free it for
at least the duration of the rite. During this time, the
spirit is likely to attémpt.torlee or destroy the Kuei-
jin. This ritual cannot be used to bind individual
spirits with a Power Pool greater than 40, though
there are more powerful versions available to manda-
tins and bodhisattvas.

A Kuei-jin can safely control spirits whose total
Power Pool is equal to or less than 20 x (Yang/Traits +
Occult Ability Levels). When the vampire passes the
limit of safe control, compare the bound spirit's Rage
Traits to the sorcerer's Willpower Traits. For every 10
points of cumulative Powerith@sotcerer controlsibe-
yond her safe limitystibtract oneW illpower Trait. Any
spirits who hayé more Rage"Traits than the soreéret's
adjusted numberof Willpower Traits /ateyincreasingly.
free of thé magician's control: A spirit who has only
one extrasRage Trait is occasionally disobedient)one
with three extra Traits is openly willful, and one with
five extra traits slips the Scarlet Silk Leash completely)

The THousanp-Eyen Sorcerer

(imreRMEDjare Ryre)

Through the use of thissfite, the sorcerer binds a
number of tiny Yang spirits to him. The'exact number
of spirits is, irrelevant,/for allpare so smallpasyto be
individually insignificant. Kuei-jin/use these spirits to
keep tabs on a personorplace, and can sééithrough the
eyes of these minute spirits with concentration.

System: This ritual takes six hours, and the results
last until the next full moon. A Kuei-4jin who already
has his Thousand Eyes deployed can perform this ritual
6n the full moon to renew his control oVenhis servants
and continue his surveillance without interruption.

For every level of Occult the Kuei-jin possesses, he
may control enough spirits to watch one target. The
target can be a person, place or objet, but thésorcerer
must carry the spirits with hini until he "attaches"
them, and they are clearly visible as_a Horde of tiny
spirit-creatures swarming around him. Téjattach the
spirits to a target, the sorcerer must touch the target
and make a ritual gesture with the other hand. This is
subtle enough that Shrouded Moon (Basic Yin Prana)
conceals it, but any informed person whosWitnesses
this knows the Kuei-jin has done something magical.
After they have been attached, thespirits bound by the


a) Turasuing Dragons

Thousand-Eyed Sorcerertite are very subtle— they can
only be detected with spirit sight or seen_from the
Yang World, and even'then the player must make a
Static Mental Challenge to spot the spirits.

The spirits have a Power, Rage, Chi and Willpower
Pool of 1, and are stopped.by any wards. Spirits bound
with thisritual do not count against the maximum powet
the magician can control using the'Scarlet Silk Leash.

Fasrjicatjon or THe ELeMental jNSTRUMENT
(Apvancep Rjre)

Thrashing Dragons, particularly those of thé Thou-
sand-Faced Thunder sect, frequently bind spirits into
objects, creating powerful artifacts. Objects*to be
enchanted must be constructed of finé materials —
spirits will not dwell in inferior residences, even if
bound into servitude. The most important thing is
that the shape of the housing matches the purpose of
the spirit — a spirit of eroti¢e love will have little
interest in an automatic pistol.as a home.

System: The sorcerér miust first obtain and pre-
pare the object.toybe-etichanted. The vampire need
not prepare it himself, but whoever who crafts it must
be a master (three levels of Crafts). Nextythe sorcerer
must convince the spirit toéfiter the object, and the
process he uses to achieve this depends on whether he
intends to create a temporary or permanent artifact.
Social Challenges may be necessary for reluctant or
recalcitrant spirits.

Temporary artifacts — also called lesser elemental
instruments — are relatively easy to create. A spirit
bound by the Scarlet Silk Leash can be placed into such an
object during a version of this rite four hours in length.
This ritual must be conducted in a dragon nest, and
requires thesaétifice of at least one' d of incense and
one pound of jade. After the sacrifices, the player makes
a Static Social Challenge (difficulty ofeight Traits). The
attifact can be used once for a successful challenge and
one extra time for each Chi Trait the player spends (he
need not spend any to create a sifigle-use item).

Spirits do mot usually partake in the creation of a
permanent magical item, called a greater elemental
instrument, even. if bound, In order to be forced into
such an item, the spirit must either be beaten to0 Power
in spirit combat or restrained via Chi-shaping. Spirit
allies of the Thousand-Faced Thunder sect are the
exception. In either case, thesorcerer must sacrifice
some of her own life-force tobind the spirit to the item.
To create a greater elemental instrument, the Kuei-jin
takes part in a nightlong ritual ata dragorinest and the
player must win two Static Social Challenges.(diffi-
culty of nine Traits). If they are both successful, a
greater elemental instrument is the result. Ifit fails, the
vessel shatters, as do any magical constraints holding

the spirit. Regardless of the success or failure of the rite,
the vampire permanently loses a Yang Trait.

The Storytellerand the player should work together
to determine the powers of any items created via the'use
of the Fabrication of the Elemental Instrument. Asa general
tule, the maximum leveloftheartifactthata vampirecan
create froma given spirit is equal to the Power of the spirit
divided by 10.and rounded down. A ritualist cannot
create an artifact with a level greater than her number of
Yang Traits at the beginning of the rite.

Weicomgne THe Penancaian
(Apvancen Ryte)

To become a true penangallan, a vampire must sur-
vive a grueling initiation similar to the rite used by the
mandarins of the Quincunx to crown ancestors. It com-
prises a series of tests where the ptospective penangallan
demonstrates her Dharmic knowledge, combat skills and
ability to endure and overcome pain. If the participant
survives, the penangallan who tested her celebrate by
forcing the hallucinogenic poison used in Donning the
Necklace of Skulls between her lips and dragging her
through the ritual dance and the subsequent orgy. If she
fails, her corpse is left for the Eye of Heaven.

System: The rite involves three parts: a-test' of
Dharmic knowledge, a test of combat ability and a test
of endurance. Each test requires the player to pass three
Static Challenges. In the first, these are three Yang
Challenges; in the second they are Physical Challenges
(related to»combat — Brawl, Firearms, Martial Arts
and Melee are all acceptable grounds for testing); in the
third, they»are Physical Challenges (these tests are
related to Stamina). She must pass all challenges (after
appropriate retests, if necessary) to pass the tests:

Ifthe vampire fails the first test, she loses face and
cannot take the test for five years. If she fails the
second test, she suffers the Little Death (including a
test fora possible act of blindness) and cannot take the
test foranother year. If she failsthe third test, she dies
the Final Death, and her soul falls into Yomi If she
passes the initiation, the penangallan gains several
benefits:

¢ Her.maximum number of Yang Traits is in-
creased by 5.

© The player may spend one more Chi Trait per turn
than the vampire's Dharma level would normally allow:

© She is one Trait up to resist wave soul.

She no longer suffers the increased likelihood of
fire soul associated with permanent Yang imbalance.

Theseabilitieslast so long as the vampire con-
tinues to exist. Like Donning the Necklace of Skulls,
this rite is shared with the Brilliant Embers sect of the
Devil-Tiger Dharma.

Tiger's Ciaws, Dragon's Trent @ : 5 67

a
ELEMENTAL jNSTRUMENTS

These magical devices produced by the Thousand-
Faced Thunder sect have a technological appearance,
and typically also feature technological mannerisms and
interfaces. In the modern erathese items are electronic,
but can also be tramSistorized, mechanical and even
clockwork versions. However, beyond the requirements
of similarity for sympathetié'thagic, these objects are not
actually functional technology. Their poweriand effects
come purely from the'spiritsibound within them.

Service jNTERCHANGE TaljsMaNn

Level One Artifact

Made with the assistance of a spirit of toads and
highways, these items are stiff red plastic prayer strips that
include one-way pull-throughconnectors. Oncea Service
Interchange Talisman is attached to a telephone, cable,
gas, water, electricity or other utility connection, the

meter will never be shut off. Service Interchange Talis-.

mans are single-use artifactsSithey cannot be,moved
from utility to utility: Taking Setvice Intérchainge Talis-
manasa MagicArtifactproyvidésthe character withadozen
of them, which.isenotigh to provide'full Gonnections to
two housés or survival services to a half-dozen.

Wine'Borne, or Purnry
Level One Artifact

eee geet quantity ofintoxicantsforaKuclias
corpse-body to feel the effects of a drug. The Wine

Bottlesiof Plenty are the ritualist'ssafiswer tothis prob-
lem: lesser elemental instruménts created by binding a

spirit of vice into a bottle! of wine. From the time,the

hottlesis opened until the nextstinrisé, the!winevinside -

will notrun out unless the bottle is broken or deliberately

emptied out. Versions that provide beer, Whiskey, crack

co¢aine, marijuana, opium, morphineland/ practically
any Other drug imaginable are also available. Each level
of Magic Artifact taken for this grants the character two
bottles, which need not contain the'same drugs

Dara Tap
Level Two Artifact

Data taps are made by binding a pide, anni into
an electronic device of occult design! Thisdevice is a
rugged black plastic box with a high-resolution mono-
chrome screen, a number Of buttons 4ndiseveral I/O
ports. The box is plugged into the compiiterby running
alcable from one of the data tap's [/O ports to the

computer's keyboard or TTY port, and then plugginga_

normal computer keyboard into the data tap. The
spider spirit in the tap rewrites the machine'sdiitérface

to accept commands from the character's keyboard. ~

This takes a few seconds for an.offiée worker's com-
puter, minutes, or even houts for high-security systems.

Data taps are designed to steal data, and have vast
storage capacities. The tap can display most file types
via an onboard browser, and hasa sophisticated array of
code-cracking tools built in. Commercial codes can be
cracked in a few hours, while military or high-security
coding schemes may take days. The tap has sophisti-
cated status displays for all stages of the operation, and
characters with computer skills may enhance the data
tap's performance by making a Static Mental Chal-
1€Agé tomodify the tap's operating parameters.

Suany Etectrjc Banknotes

Level Two Artifact

Made by binding spirits of finance and investment
into magnetic-striped plastic cards, these artifacts are
typically elaborately decorated, with logos similar to those
of real banks. If they are used in anvATM or niitethrough
a debit‘or credit card reader, they register as providing
sufficient funds for the Kuei-jin's withdrawal or purchase.
The merchant receives payment for the transaction, but
no records of the purchase remain. Vetification attempts
always show the cardas valid andidentified with whatever
address the user provides. The power of,these finance
spirits in the card is not great enough to allow single
purchases over the equivalent of $1,000, or expenses of

"@ tore than $5,000 a day. Frequent use of these devices is
 §pititually obtrusive, and often attracts the unwelcome
"attention of the Five Metal Dragons. Wise Thousand-

Faced Thundersuse themto pay forregularlivingexpenses
like rent or for emergencies.

: Level Three Artifact

These suits are created by trapping a spirit of night
and darkness, and are normally fashioned after the
battle dress of various. litéforces, with.catgo pockets,
ic, a back brace and armored
knee and elbow pads. Most have integral typeI or IIb
bodyarmor, andall includehoods and GBR facemasks.
When the suit is worn, the character can invoke the
Yang spirit within it to gain tworextta levels of Stealth.
These extra levels cannot be usedin conjunction with
more powerful magical stealth effects like Shrouded
Moon or White Tiger CorpSe. Camouflage suits can be
used five times a nightyeach time lasting a full scene.

Baron or Mastery

Level.Rour Artifact

These weapons are made by binding a tiger-spirit
intoa baton. The artifact drives those that it strikes to
paniciand submission, in addition to causing the
regular damage of a riot baton. The victim must test
against wave soul every time she is struck. Cainites
test against Rétschreck, and mortals and other beings
simply make a Willpower Challenge or flee.



decisive one; it is man
—Mao Zedong,

The Dance of the Thrashing Dragon, thanks to
the Sowing of the Seeds, can be followed in many
different ways. Each Dragon is an individual, seeking
her own understanding of nature and the maya. The
templates in this section are only a sample of the
possibilities available for Dragon characters. Some

Weapons are an. important factor war, but not the

(1938).

are savage seductresses, while others are careful ma-
nipulators. All are Green Devils.

Each template is a balanced starting character for
Kindred of the East: You can use them as inspiration for
your own characters, while Storytellers can use them as
ready-made contacts, allies or antagonists in their stories.

femme fatale. During life, you had neither the proper
pape to achieve t luck to a on until you

intellect to oe as a hobby. You were your dream.

never viewed as a full-fledged person. You hk Equipment: Cocktail dress, a heels, bottle of

wanted more than that, but the truth was, you 469) ~ Viagra, package of condoms, filleting knife
didn't really know how to get it. ; :

_ For every one woman who clawed her
: way. to the top using her sex appeal and
2 skills, there were a hundred ]

vt make it — you were one of SA |

a

or were too oy KS ,
yr maybe you just ac-

love. It's so hard to
- Whatever the

hardly b blame him, you'd have
wrung him for everything he
"was worth if you could, but you
hated him anyway. You were trapped —
the baby would start showing soon, and
your parents would throw you out in the
street, But there was a way out, an easy
way. You hung yourself in your closet
one morning.
f Your trip to the Hell of the Upside
-was an unpleasant one,

uundred sinners suffered through
eternity, you rose again. The
masked Thousand Whispers chih-
mei catchers were waiting for you.
They had you in jade chains
before you even left the ground
— thwarted again. They read
your horoscope and gave you
to the langsuir to train. They
needn't have bothered wi
reading the stars:
; This was whereyou |


WAMER: lack Widow NATURE: Curmudgeon BALANCE: Yn
‘PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Demon DIRECTION: EAst
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Axchitect wu:
ATTRIBUTES

PHYSICAL SOCIAL

Strength. @@0000 Charisma. @@@e000 Perception,
| Dexterity. @@@@00 Manipulation. e0o Intelligence
Stamina @@0000 Appearance. ecceeod Wits
ABjLjTIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness, ®00000
Athletics____ ® 00000
Brawl__ ss ® 00000
Dodge 0O0]000
Empathy_______ ® e@@®000
Expression. 000000
Intimidation___@e@0000
Leadership. @®00000
Streetwise_____® 00000
Subterfuge___ @ @@@00

AnimalKen___ @® 00000
Crafts_______000000
Drive O0']000
Etiquette_____ _®@®0000
Firearms______-®00000
Martial Arts___ 0 00000
Melee O00 000
Performance. @@0000
Steath_____ee0000
Survival ® 00000

ADVANTAGES

Academics, 900000
Computer. 900000
Finance______®00000
Investigation__90 00000
Linguistics, ®00000
Medicine. 000000
Occult, 900000
Politics. @@0000
Riuals__ sO O000
Science. 000000

CRONE wO6 668 Mentok _—® 00000 dapnoting tone
Flesh Shintai @00000 Resouces _@@0000 Xitwalfor Taking fife

Obligation __@ 00000

O00000
O00000

Bites ______ee000o0
000000
000000

DHARMA 20102 of the Theasting Drago!

HUN
@e@e@eoo00o00o00o00d

"urown
@e@e@eee0O0000
OQoO0o0boOnooono0

PO

@ee@e@eoo0o00o0o00d

a eel

Q0O00000000
DEMON CHI

Bruised Q
Hurt 10
Injured 1Q
Wounded 20
Mauled 20
Crippled 50
Incapacitated Q
JMBALANCE


Kung Fo Rapper

Quote: (spoken in English with an atrocious Japa-
nese accent) Fuck you, beotch! I'll put my Shaolin Fist

right in your grill, motherfucker! If you got beef with me,
bring it on! &

Prelude: Some archetypes just don't fit in certain
cultures. Witness, for example, hip-hop gangsters in
Japanese culture. But when you were alive, you were
proof that no matter how strange the scene, someone
would get into it. You grew up the child of a perfectly
respectable family — your father was a businessman and
your mother stayed at home. But in your
heart, you always knew you would be a
hard-core gangster, ghetto orno ghetto.

Much to your family's horror, you
became amember of a bosozoku biker
gang as soon as you were old enough
to drive, and being an oyabun in the
Yakuza was clearly just a few years
away. Orat least, that was the theory.
The Yakuza were probably a little too
stodgy to accept a true playa like
yourself into their midst, and you'd
have had to shoot your way to the
top like Pacino in Scarface. Luck-
ily, a tragic motorcycle acci-
dent saved you from crushing
disillusionment.

And that's what got you |
out of the mess you woke up
in. Be one of 7,000 drones
typing away in a cubicle
farm in the Wicked City?
No way, G! You weren't
self-aware enough to
know how hopeless it
all was and the next thing
you knew, you were claw-
ing your way out of the ex-
pensive funeral plot your par-

ents had buried you in. It only took

"a few days for the Thrashing Dragons
to grab you and take you back for
education. You took well to their train-
ing — you'd always done well in school
— and after you passed the Fire and
Water test, you set out bravely into
the unlife. Thisis, after all, your chance
to be a real gangster, and this time,
no motorcycle accident is going to
stop you.

Roleplaying Hints: As your
P'oreminds you, some people think.

~you'rea joke. But you're also a super- \
_ natural monster with magic powers.
who kicked his way out of Hell, so

you for it.

fuck rvive the years to come, maybe
you'll grow out of yo ation with American hip-hop
culture, but for now, you are talking the talk, walking

the walk and God help nyone stupid enough to mock

Equipment: Gat, nunchucks, Timberlands, the lat-
est urban fashion from America


NATURES (2AVO

NAME: Kung Fu Raper BALANCE: ‘YA)\5,
PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Demon DIRECTION: South
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: (2kAV0 wu:
: ATTRJBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@@000 Charisma @@e@000 Perception, @00000
| Dexterity. @@00 Manipulation. @©@@000 Intelligence @e0000
i Wits @@e@000
Stamina____@ @@000 Appearance__@@0000
_ ABjLTIES =
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness____@®@®0000
Athletics_____ ® 00000
Brawl___§__—— @ee000
Dodge OO 000
Empathy _-___ —-)¥ 00000
Expression___9 00000
Intimidation___@@e000
Leadership____ 9700000
Streetwise___@®@®0000
Subterfuge___ @ 00000

AnimalKen___90 00000
Crafts, 9000000
Drive @ @@000
Etiquette. 900000
Firearms @@e@000
Martial Arts___ 9 00000
Melee ®@ ©0000
Performance. 9000000
Stealth, 900000
Survival_____e00000

ADVANTAGES

Academics, 900000
Computer. @@0000
Finance. 900000
Investigation__ @0 0000
Linguistics. @00000
Medicine. 900000
Occult, 900000
Politics 900000
Rituals @00000
Science. 000000

DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ___ RITES
e@00000 Allies __e@e0000 _Gksetingtha Sun
Usd as WaoDG Influence (Undexnineld @ @ @ 0.00
000000 Mentor @@@000
000000 Béesourcas @eee00
000000 Ritts ee 00000
, HEALTH
YIN CHI DHARMA 212 of the Teashing Deagon/
HUN Bruised Q
@ee00000000 Hurt 1Q
Injured 10
Wounded 20
wuLrewm Mauled 20
@e@e@aeee0o000d Crippled 50
Q000000000 Incapacitated Q
JMBALANCE

Po
@e@e@eoo00o00o0000

ee ee a

QO00000000
DEMON CHI


id jaws. The martial artist
and he broke

you would have ended up ina gang, or workingsome

end job, or just bumming around drunk and shiftless

your old man. You got into martial arts through land, determined to find life, enlightenment and the
those in-school demonstrations. You'dbeenhavingsome... meaning of existence.

problems, and the teachers suggested it to your mom as Roleplaying Hints: You understand the Thrashing

good way to instill discipline in you. ae ji Dragon Dharma and accept it,

And itdid; you loved the exertion and the rewards for - but you still haven't recovered
strengthe your body and your knowledge, It didn't from the blow to your person-
ua bully, and least not in the normal sense. : ality that your trip to Yomi
our newfound self-control and the factthat 5 delivered. If someone puts
you could break their spine to build awall , something in front of you to
: lear, you do so reflexively,
but you're deter-
while, ~ . tained to find
didn't ree
like anyone
at all. You
lived for life than
your disci- ‘ justexcellence. If
pline — by the time you were thirty, youhad wonallthe &/ only you knew where to start.

prizes you would ever need and had established yourself as ~ Equipment: Wooden sparring

a sifu. You were an excellent teacher, because you were — sword, average clothes, portable

totally dispassionate; you didn't care. if your students CD player

failed or succeeded. As long as they paid their bills and rz
learned fast enough, they weren't a total waste of your
time to train. You found other people like yourself,
and surrounded yourself with them. They were
your assistant instructors and your prize stu- ee
dents. When you died of a heart attack at age fo ——
39, they shrugged, elected the best-quali- /_——

» fied leader to continue the school, and Z we
went on. If you hadn't gone to hell, ©
you'd have been proud. a

_ But you did go to Hell and»,

ut found the cold of Kakuri
Yomi not at all to your

liking. Allyour control,
all yourrestraint, had
only left you terri-
bly and eternally
alone. Years of
suppressed
rage and
buried an-
ger ex-
ploded,

and 49

days later,

-yourose from

your simple,

untended grave

more to


NAME: Mactial Artist NATURE: SINR BALANCE: (2\]ancecd
PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Bandit DIRECTION: Noktl
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: (2kAV0 wu:
ATIR}BUTES

PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
Strength. @@@000 Charisma. @@0000 Perception,
Dexterity, @@@@00 Manipulation. @e@0000 Intelligence. @@e0000
Stamina. @@@000 Appearance. e@e0oood Wits

ABjLjTIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness_____@@ee000
Athletics_____@@e000
Brawl 070000
Dodge @0000
Empathy____ >) 00000
Expression____0 00000
Intimidation___@® 00000
Leadership____ 9 00000
Streetwise____@® 00000
Subterfuge_____-) 00000

Animal Ken___0 00000
Crafts_______9000000
Drive_______®00000
Etiquette____ _@®@e0000
Firearms_____- 00000
Martial Arts @@0000
Melee. @@ee0@00
Performance___000000
Stealth, @@0000
Survival ® ®0000

Academics___000000
Computer. @00000
Finance______—-®00000
Investigation___@® 00000
Linguistics____@®00000
Medicine. 900000
Occult, 900000
Politics______ 900000
Rituals_______eooooo
Science. 900000

Demon Shintai @ 00000 Hokoscope _@ 00000 Bewtiebibatign
YangPeana _@ @0000 Mentok __®00000

000000 Kéesoucoss  _@ @0000
OOO0O0O0O Bits __®@ 00000

O00000

O00000

DHARMA 20¥2 of the Theasting Praga!

HUN
@e@e@eo0o000000

WILLPOWER
@@e@eeeo0000d
OQo0gou0ngo0nononungug0
Po

@e@e@eoo00o00o0000

ene eel

QOO00000000
DEMON CHi

Bruised

Hurt 1
Injured -l
Wounded 2
Mauled 2
Crippled 5
Incapacitated

JMBALANCE

OOOOOOO0


,

you're just another

in the world from
in. The Ten Seasons sect is already
b and you havea number of jina

5 other kids, the otl
teachers, the neighbor when she undressed. It was all
fascinating to see from the outside — how people
reacted and acted when they thought they were alc
and how that differed from how they
behaved when they knew they were
being observed.
You were just a harmless voyeur
until you found a way to see into the
basement of the whorehouse where
the Party officials had a good time.
Even then, you would have been fine,
except you got a little greedy. You
really had no idea how to set up a
blackmail plot so that you could
get the payoff without being
caught, but you sure thought
you did. The security forces
taught you otherwise,
though, and a wetwork spe-
cialist shot you twice in the
head with a silenced pistol
as you lay in the bushes
waiting for the payoff to
_ be delivered.

You rose from the
quarry lake seven weeks
later, after careful ob-
servation showed youa
way out of Tou Mu's
Hell of Being Skinned
Alive. Your skillsasa
voyeur were useful
evyenasa chih-mei,and
you led the Devil-Ti-
"gers on quite a chase

until theyfinally tracked

~ you down. You evaded
them for months, and they
didn't catch you until they
called in their experts, a feral
old man and woman who
caught you in a few days and
beatsome common sense into you,
then gave you to the Thrashing
Dragons for your real training. 3 |

their ranks. ;

: : Equipment: Anounce of hashish, Chinese knockoff
of a Colt 1911, fairly modern computer, an apartment
with a view of many other apartments


NAME: Second SoxtGaxdenek NATURE: Axchitect BALANCE: 2\)anced

PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Slave DIRECTION: Centek
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Conek Wu:
ATTRJBUTES .
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
| Strength @@0000 Charima___® ®0000 Perception___@ @@® ®00
Dexterity, @@@000 Manipulation __ee0000 Intelligence__eee000
Stamina_____@ee00oo Appearance___@eoo00o0 Wit eee000
ABjLjTIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness, @@@000 AnimalKen___@00000 Academics___ 9000000
Athletics @00000 Crafts__ J 00000 Computer___e00000
Brawl, @00000 Drive___§_+___eo00000 Finance_____oo00000
Dodge. 000000 Etiquette____@@0000 Investigation___eeo0000
Empathy______®00000 Fireams____@®00000 Law____—e®00000
Expression. 9000000 Martial Arts @@0000 Medicine) 00000
Intimidation. @00000 Melee @e0000 Occult 00000
Leadership. 9000000 Performance 000000 Politis____ = .»>00000
Streetwise 000000 Stelth___@eo0000 Rita OD 000
Subterfuge. 000000 Survival. @@0000 Science______—-900000

- — ADVANTAGES
Demon Shintai @ 00000 Alles ee @0000 Gxeeting tha Sun
YangPeana _@00000 Méntok __@®00000

000000 Kesoukces _@ @@000
OO00000 Kitts __e® 00000

YIN CHI DHARMA 242 of the TheashingDeagoyf

HUN Bruised Q
@@e0000000 Hurt 1Q
Injured 10
WILLPOWER Wounded 20
ee00ee0000 copped 24
QQ00000000 Incapacitated Q

Po JMBALANCE

@e@e@eoo00o00o00o00d

ee oe

YANG CHi QQ000000)000
DEMON CHI


78 :
‘orking for haven't suggested

THousan ACED Sezefhis is verything is going well because
J é i ait outright acts of blindness,

THUNDER Puprer but you're not ; going anywhere. It hasn't sunken in yet

Quote: Say ‘ahae you want — it's just polcusy, We' that you'll never equal the people you take orders from
part of the future, you're part of the past. 4 until you gain more enlightenment, and when it does

Prelude: You were a hipster and a geek; it's common ~~ ifyou live that long — it's unlikely you'll Li well.
enough. When you're making a fortune as a database Equipment: Condo you can't afford, bleeding edge
administrator, it's easy to go clubbing and in- computer, Data Tap, FN-FAL, .38 Special
dulge in drugs and women whenever you want, \
and flexible hours make it easy to get through w |
those long mornings after. How the fuck were
you supposed to know you were going to get
kidney cancer? What a way todie! Then again,
at least you got something out of life.

And you got a trip to Hell. So maybe you ‘1%
hadn't been the best person ever, and maybe
you'd blackmailed your boss and taken advan-
tage of the people around you. It's just
that kind of world, right? They
agreed with you down in the
Wicked City all right, and you
knew how to play their games
too. Sure, there was a lot of pain
and lot of fellow travelers had
to be sold into the pits for you
to find a way out, but them's
the breaks. So here you are
again. The Devil-Tigers beat
you'and the Thrashing Drag-
ons taught you halfway and
kicked you out into the world
to fend for yourself — thanks.

Luckily, you found some
people who share your in-
terests, and understand
that enlightenment isn't
incompatible with getting ahead..
They know what they're doing,
and they have some powerful
friends. Fuck the way it should
be done. They used to pull carts
with horses, too. You're not
going to wait for 50 years to
find friends.

Roleplaying Hints:
You're a total dupe of the
jina and mandarins who
manipulate you. They've
got you running errands
and worse, and your
Dharmic studies are in
near-total neglect, °
because you don't
realize that you

~ have to make
time for them


NATURE: Ayitockat

MAME Thousayd-faced Thhindex Poet BALANCE: (2.\)Anced
PLAYER: PO NATURE: The Monkey DIRECTION: EAst
CHRONICLE: DEMEANOR: Axclhitect Wu:
ATTRJBUTES
PHYSICAL SOCIAL MENTAL
| Strength @@0000 Charisma @@e@@00 Perception @@e@e000
Dexterity. @@0000 Manipulation. e@ee00o Intelligence (omene)
Stamina____@@0000 Appearance__@ee@oo0o Wit o000
ABjLITIES -
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES

Alertness___®@e0000
Athletics_____®00000
Brwl______ ==. 00000
Dodge @® 00000
Empathy ®@0 0000
Expression____0 00000
Intimidation___0 00000
Leadership____@® 00000
Streetwise____@®@®0000
Subterfuge__@@0000

DISCIPLINES

Demon Shi

Obliaation e ©0000
000000
000000
000000

Animal Ken. 000000
Crafts_______9000000
Drive O0']000
Etiquette____ _®@®0000
Firearms______—- ®00000
Martial Arts___ 90 00000
Melee 900000
Performance___0 00000
Stealth, @00000
Survival. @00000

ADVANTAGES

Resources ___ @ @0000
Rites 00000
000000
000000

Academics____0 00000
Computer____@@e@000
Finance_______ ®@®0000
Investigation, @@e@e000
Law__§— ®O0 0000
Linguistics______ ®00000
Occult_____ e00000
Politics_____eo00000
Rituals. @@0000
Science_____ 9000000

e00000 Mentok _ e @0000 Bevotingthatny

DHARMA D2 of the Theashing Deagon/|

HUN
@@e@ee@eo000000

WILLPOWER
@e@e@eeee000d
ngQnVogogoggagnaaA

ro
[ Meomemememememe)

er aaa

QO00000000
DEMON CHI

HEALTH
Bruised Q
Hurt 1Q
Injured 1Q
Wounded 20
Mauled 20
Crippled 50
Incapacitated @

jMIBALANCE



Apprnnjx: Faces oF THe Dance

OF THE DANCE

Cats will be cats, remember thesé words.
Cats will be cats, and cats eat birds.
—Timbuk 3,"Facts About Cats"

Thousanp Crane Monnn,:
Laughing Rajnsow Arar

Thousand Crane Motheristhefounderof the Thiash: :

ing Dragon Dharma. It was only a few decades after Xue
began teaching that the Mother found dah and entered
the Hundred Clouds. For several centuries, she taught
her own path derived from Xue's observations of nature
— what is today known as the Laughing Rainbow sect.
However, near the end of the reign of the Yellow Em-
peror, the Thousand Crane Mother performed an act
known as the Scattering of the Seeds; wherein she
revealed the tenets of the Dharma i in a general fashion,
rather than a specific one. In doing so;‘she made the
Road Back much wider for her followers, sacrificing her
ego as a mother sacrifices food to feed her young.
Thousand Crane Mother has never ascended into
Heaven or vanished ‘from sight. Throughout, the his-
tory of the world, she has lived'among mankind and

Kuei-jin. A mighty being, she fears little. She livesa life
of natural harmony, surrounded by a hush of peace, for
what ambitious. shen or. servant of the Yama Kings
would be foolish enough to attract her awesome wrath
by acting in her vicinity?

Thousand Crane Mother's existence consists prima-
tily of eating, sleeping, exploring the area around her
current lairand meeting the local inhabitants. However,
she does listen to reports of important controyersies,and
occasionally gives her opinions on important Dharmic
matters. She doesnot become directly involved in mat-
ters of the: world under normal circumstances, but she
does clarify points of her beliefs. Thousand Crane Mother
will not permit mandarins to enter her presence, but
there are a number of jina who look after het and record
her sayings at the behest of their mandarin mentors.

When the prince of the rakshasa was manifest in
the Infinite Thunders Court during the summer of
1999, she voiced her approval of the actions of her

fellow bodhisattvas in fighting him. "The duty of the
_ beast," she said, "is to live as a beast, protecting only its

territory, and caring about only that which takes food"

». fromits own mouth. The duty of the Wan Kuei is ni
tOliveas a beast — though hungry ghosts, we are shen,
our responsibility to vel ourselves i in sucl
celestial matters."
Among those who traveled to Infinite Thunders
Court to battle the devil-prince was Black-Earth Boy,
Thousand Crane Mother's favorite student. He and his —
_ fellows were victorious but were destroyed in the pro-
cess. In the years sinee, rumors have circulated among
the Laughing Rainbows that Thousand Crane Mother
has suffered profound melancholy at the-death of her
favorite. In some circles, with would seem normal, but
- among the Dragons it is a true scandal: sadness at death

: ~~ isnot the way of nature and for the arhat of the faith to
~ "feel this way would be truly scandalous — and surely

mean profound dido on her part. The ancestors-of the
_ sect deny all such rumors. Some say that Thousand
- Crane Mother has .simply been meditating on the
Dharmic lesson of her student's death, while others
claim she walks among the disciples and jina unseen,
tudying the effects of the Eye of the Demon Bupa
upon. the newly dead.

Aen of the Black Earth Boy, ‘other
than that he was a student of the Thousand Crane.
Mother during the period immediately after the Burn-,
-of the Books. Many believe that he was oncea
‘that is speculation based on his name,
wl Aan is taken from — or perhaps is the originiof =

Iktale.

Regardless of his origins, Black Earth Boy was an
tremely formidable being. Though he spent much of his
‘in repose in the mountains of South China, he was
‘ ivein the affairs of the Dharma and of the Kuei-jin
-as a whole. While he was not a political animal like the
-Tiger bodhisateva No-Shadow Raven, he was far
from retired, and often spent time consulting with the ~
other bodhisattvas at New Forest monastery. Black Earth
Boy was the undisputed master of Jade Shintai and Yang
Prana, and used a great two-handed jade club in battle.

Duringthe Time of Nightmares, after the opening of
"the Eye of the Demon Emperor, Black Earth Boy traveled
to the Infinite Thunder Courts with two other
‘bodhisattvas. There; they did battle with the prince of
the rakshasa, who rose from his tomb to consume the
world. The three bodhisattvas battled the devil-prince

until the fires of heaven were unleashed upon the battle-

field. The prince of the rakshasa was slain, as were all
ree bodhisattvas.

Black Earth Boy' 's ultimate fate remains a point of
conritention among the Laughing Rainbows. Beyond the
scandalous rumors of Thousand Crane Mother's melan-
choly (see above), there is the question of whether her
student and fellow saint has returned to the Hundred

Clouds of fallen into the Mouth of Yomi. Several wu

have taken it upon themselves to search for evidence of

Black Earth' Boy's fate, traveling t6 the Infinite Thun-
ders Court and-deep into the spirit worlds. None have
been pg as of ae

pia Gee

One. of the most prominent penangallan in the
Golden Coutts; Mahsuri Azmi took the Second Breath

luring the Muslim conquest of the region in the 14th


Appewpjx: Faces oF Tar Dance

enlightened mandarin, $
Mahsuri's setbacks‘on her road
have done nothing to cool her
ments, however. She loathes:the m
communities that have establishé S
Indonesia, and blames them for her nation's m:
woes. She hates the Quincunx and the Laughing:
Rainbow sect with equal vigor, blaming them fo

the Sixth Age, She and her langsuir took advantage
of Indonesia's recent anti-Chinese riots to force out
the Quincunx delegations in Jakarta. Several of these
Kuei-jin were sent into the Mouth of Yomi, and the

rest were forced to flee into exile. Since then, these. .
has been no official Quincunx delegation to Tndone-

sia, and many of the more moderate |

inese culture,
in other matters.
She is known to favor the Brilliant Coals sect of the
Devil-Tiger faith as being Dharmically compatible with
her own Passion Bloodflower faith

langsuir of that sect, whom | she treats as equal to her
other langsuir — something that has caused her trouble
in the past. Mahsuri Azmi is also.a master of the Blood.

Brilliant Embe:

ther

condition of the world and the onrushing tumult of -

_ Lavgaing 2 ne

In life, Fun Toy was a cold and. brutal gan
infamous forhis ruthlessness and cruelty,even tol
men. Shot to death in 1889 in the first gangland hit in
Shanghai to involve western firearms, Eun Toytose from
the grave profoundly, changed by his time in' Yomi.
Though he was s still a gangster, he wi

and soon madea name for himself by rSsesfily stand-
- ing up to the penangallan of the Malay Peninsula. ~~

~ Hisheroic reputation grew during the Second World

occupation of the city by Japanese ji, and their at-
_tempted extermination of native Chinese shen. During
"this period, he forged closé ties with the Silent Manda-
r ous rulers of Shanghai's
supernatural underworld. Of his wu, only he survived. In
the post-War era, he joined together in a new wu, the

_ Black Pearl Pirates, who had interests up and down the

earl River delta, from Canton to Hong Kong. Establish-
ing themselvesin the Cantonese rice business and Hong -
ong' 'sthriving textiles industry, the Black Pearl Pirates
soon, gained reputations for scandal and success.
In the early: 0s, the Pirates enteredi into a politi-
‘cal alliance with the prominent Blood Court elder
mandarin Jieji ie Li, the titular leader of the Harmonious _
Menders of Fences faction. This political patty advo- _
ates the eradication of Kin-jin infestations from the
shores of China before any sort‘of punitive measures are
taken against these creatures abroad. Fun Toy and his —
‘fellows'soon became one of the party's most effective
chambers militant. They fought a number of shadow
wars against the Righteous Foreigner-Vanquishing
Crusaders, a political party within the Five August _

‘ar, when he was active in the resistance against the


84

Courts that advocated an all-out war of destruction on
the Kin-jin, wherever they might lurk.

After the beginning of the Great Leap Outward, Fun
Toy was sent to Los Angeles, though it is said his
contacts among the Silent Mandarins were a'key cause
of the Fence Mender success in cleansing the city of Kin-
jin and Japanese gaki.

In Los Angeles, Fun Toy. and his fellows quickly
established themselves in mortal commerce, building
large holdings in light industry and'small business. In
honor of his work in the Great Leap, he renamed the wu
the Flatbush and Stockton Posse. While more militant
Kuei-jin exhausted themselves in' strife against the
city's Kin-jin packs, the Flatbush:and Stockton Posse

~ built a formidable commercial*empire with eyes to-

wards body disposal and money laundering..His wu has.

consistently patronized circles of progressive: young
vampires, and he is personally responsible for bringing
quite a few disciples and jina to America to help
qiomaee his growing concerns.

~ Fun Toy survived the tumultuous aftermath of
the attempted coup in San Francisco, and continues
to sit on the council of mandarins of the coalition
New Promise Mandarinate in Los Angeles. For more
information on the coup attempt, the Mandarinate
and the Great Leap Outward, see the supplement
Nights of Prophecy.

Xjao "Moux" Mao L,
Tuousanp-Facep THUNDER JjNO

Xao Mao Li was.a disco diva, famous in the Hong
King club scene. She died in 1978 in a spectacular club
accident, when a discotheque caught fire and her per-
sonal load of pharmaceuticals prevented her from escap-
ing the blaze. While her entrance into the Thrashing

Thrasing Dragons
Dragon Dhatma wasn't a shock, her later engagement

_ with the Thousand-Faced Thunder sect was. Xiao has

pursued a rigorously traditional course, studying the
spirits of roads and buildings, parkland, markets and
urban waterways.

*Mao Liisa disciple of Xi Chao, the superintendent
of the Telegraph Road Temple of the Neon Rainbow
and himself a conservative member of his sect. She
virulently. opposes Auntie Kiko's policies of engage-
ment with the rising tide of ultramodern spirit beings.
Her opposition can be quite deadly when combined
with her noted martial arts ability. Recently, she re-
signed her place in her wu, and as a heimin, filed notice
of personal disagreement with two young mandarins of
her sect. She pressed for a midnight war with a former
wu-mate as her advocate to the court and killed both in
quick succession — one with a Barrett's sniper rifle, one
in single combat with wooden swords. After that, she
disappeared, and some say she is in hiding under the
protection of an elder of her Dharma. There are persis-
tent rumors she has slipped away to the New Promise
Mandarinate to work as a strong arm for the notorious
mandarin Fun Toy, but this may be nothing more than
scandalous.talk.

PROFLE

Nature: Competitor

P'o Nature: The Demon

Demeanor: Traditionalist

Balance: Balanced

Direction: North

Dharma: Dance of the Thrashing Dragon 4
Attributes: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2, Cha-
‘tisma 4; Manipulation 3, A\ppearance 3, Perception 3,
Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 2, Animal Ken 1, Athletics 2, Dodge
2, Etiquette 3, Firearms 3, Linguistics 2, Martial Arts 3,
Melee 4, Occult (city spirits) 4, Rituals 3, Stealth 3,
Streetwise 2

‘Disciplines: Black Wind 2, Yang Prana 3

Backgrounds: Mentor 3, Resources 2
Yin 3, Yang 4, Hun 3, P'o 3, Willpower 6

Ono jro,

Ten Season Dragon

Odo Ito i is one of the most influential young jina in
the Ten Seasons sect. A virologist, he died of lungcancer
in 1961 and took the Second Breath for reasons un-
known. After his kéa, he applied himself to the emergent
field of computers, seeking to model the interactions of
humans the same way that wind tunnels and chemical
interactions were modeled. With the resources of a
number of amused mandarinsat his disposal, he was soon
at the Teading edge of research into predictive human
psychology and the modeling of chaotic systems.

results; he cannot predict the future. Models:

nomic strength orn
Pacific Rim fail cat
beyond 2010; The pr

tupted. There e
reverse' corrupti
predictive models or notes
rithms used in them b
of failure. —

_ The nature oft
models in unkn
— perhaps some sort of unit

_ tions foreseeup to. 2015, whileo

* the blockage, or if the terminator is some sort of fixed =

cooperate to offer him physical protection while. ds
"ensconcing him protectively in the social nets ‘of
their gardens.

3 Natures Architect

BPo. Nature: The Monkey
Yet although. ‘his. eaborimene. yield fascinating

- some misty predic-
thers end at 2009. Ito
and his patrons wait anxiously to see if time rolls back

line seems blurry and indefinite

and immovable point that draws:closer and —
time passes. :

Odo Ito was never a large man, and his cancer
emaciated him considerably before his death. He has ~
spent little of his time since taking the Second
Breath pursuing enlig! enment outside of he labo- :
ratory, and as acon:
He is hardly defenseless, however, as
closely by anumber ofjina of his sect. These handle:

zy

thy Ly: Etiquette 3, Pine ne) Firearms 1, Investiga-
tion 3, Leadership 3, Occult 2, Politics 3, Rituals Cia

dbtirca' Demon Shintai 2, Obligation 3 Nepeete ot ;
ickgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 4 :

Yin-6, ang 4, Hun 5, P'o 4, Willpower 7


Dance the Dance of Life
They call us the Green Devils, unliving monsters who
drink deeply of life in all its twisted ways. We dance like
the raging dragon and flow like the teeming river. We
never stop, for to stop is to die. All this-we do to tear
down the walls between us and the Mandates of Heaven
and Hell. Only the brave can join us. Are you worthy?

Teak Away the Musion of Death
Dharma Book: Thrashing Dragons is the fourth Dharma
300k for Kindred of the East™. It is a complete guide
to playing the lush and sensual Cathayans who follow
the dance of Yang. The secrets of predatory
enlightenment await within, along with many new rites
and powers, prominent characters and new facts about

the Asian World of Darkness
{ +] ! | Pe st
Dharma Book: Thousand Whisheks
|
Includes:
New powers and rites for vampires of this Dharma
© The secrets of the terrible penangallan jungle queens

¢ Conversion rules for Mind's Eye Theatre
live-action play

46-211-0 WW2907

$14.95 U.S.

9°78 1588462114 | |
