# File: Three Pillars.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

RE THE DARK AGES®


By Lea Crowe, Tom DEMAyo,
Eric J. GrirFiN AND MICHAEL LEE


Genam mearm dedi vapulatoci
have gicen my cheels to the smnifed
-— Sic VOalter Gcot £ Joanhoe


Locked in a
kudal society by danand
the courts of the Damned by
night Dak Wledieval Cucope
nonetheless perseveres It isan
age of faith an age of impend-
ing change and an age of

brutality — it is the Dong

i Viight Carpe
A TS: = t Vlocterm


CREDITS

Authors: Lea Crowe, Tom deMayo, Eric]. Griffin and Michael Lee
Developer: Justin Achilli, Emperor of Byzantium

Editor: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout & Typesetting: Katie McCaskill

Interior Art: Michael Gaydos, Darren Frydendall, Pia Guerra,
Fred Harper, Brian LeBlanc, Larry Macdougal, Paul Mendoza,
Andrew Ritchie, Andrew Trabbold

Front Cover Art: William O'Connor

Back Cover Art: Fred Harper

Front & Back Cover Design: Katie McCaskill

ge Ye 735 Pant Nore Bum
yy ik sr 08
A CLARKSTON, GA 30021

Waite WoLFl USA
GANE STUDIO

© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets, which
may be reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf,
Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages and
Mage the Ascension are registered trademarks of White
WolfPublishing, Inc. Allrightsreserved. Zon, Werewolf
the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Dark Ages Com-
panion, Three Pillars and Constantinople by Night are
trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-
mark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, char-
acters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment
purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf
and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN USA.

SpEcIAL THANKS To:
Rob "How'd That Get There?" Hatch, for the Food Business
Condom Incident.

Jeff "Imperial Guard?" Holt, for assisting the purple Blood Angels.
Robbie "A Million Monkeys" Poore, for revealing the truth
behind the Internet and Hamlet.

Aaron "Evil" Voss, for succumbing to the wiles of Marathon.
Greg "Iron Man" Fountain, for being smarter and more
sensitive than words can express.

Ed "Spare No Rod, Spoil No Child" Hall, for covering all the
bases on laser proofs.

Laurah "Queen of Interns" Norton, for invaluable help and
greatly appreciated vitality. And cigarettes. Best wishes at
school, Laurah.

Auruors' SPECIAL THANKS

Lea Crowe wishes to thank Robin Low for additional
information.

A Note on Historica Accuracy

If you're looking for real world historical veracity,
you've come to the wrong place.

Inthe process of developing Vampire: The Dark
Ages books, certain concessions have to be made in
order to preserve the drama of the setting. There are
anachronistic terms, historical events taken out of
their chronology, viewpoints that differ significantly
from what we "know" today and even people and
places that did not exist.

This is intentional. When a particular situation
calls for something specific that has yet to exist or is
already extinct, sometimes the lines of history must be
blurred. In the end, it makes for better stories.

Insum, all of these fudges are minor — dates may
be shifted a few years along the timeline, people may
be allowed to live a few years longer or die a few years
earlier — but no gross changes that compromise the
integrity of history as it relates to the setting are made.

Relax. It's just a game.

THREE PILLARS


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION: How To Use Tuts Book

CHAPTER ONE: THOSE WHO War ~ Nosiliry
CHAPTER Two: THOSE WHO Pray ~ CLERGY
CHAPTER THREE: THOSE Wuo Tol. - PEASANTRY
CHAPTER Four: THE ITALIAN City-STATES
Appennrx: Positions OF POWER



yy : .
ae

nteoduction:
Son to Hse

Bove fine the manners ave

in this barbaric country...


Welcome to Three Pillars, the setting sourcebook for
Western Dark Medieval Europe. Herein the reader will find
in-depth analyses of each "pillar" that upholds the whole of
Dark Medieval society as well as numerous story ideas, charac-
ter concepts and general observations on the world as a whole.

This book is a resource for both Storytellers and players.
Storytellers should make use of it to enrich their world, taking
examples from the text and integrating these concepts into
their chronicles to add depth. Players should look at this book
asa "user's manual" for the Dark Medieval world — it contains
much information that is common knowledge for the period,
and should shed light on the night-to-night affairs of the
world. Between players and Storytellers, the common ground
established here provides an excellent foundation for epic
stories and personal dramas alike.

THE GOLDEN RULE

As always, the Storyteller is the final arbiter of the shape
of her world. Much of this book's content reflects a perspective
different than our own 20th-century point of view, but only
the most foolish of neonates would believe this to be a work of
canon. Just because you read it here, don't assume it's true in
your Storyteller's chronicle— like all supplementary material,
this book is just a birthing chamber for ideas. The writers and
I can't possibly know what each of you want individually, so
you are hereby encouraged to take the concepts contained
within and make the world your own. Remember, Storytellers,
that the players choose to game for entertainment and that
their input is valuable. The best worlds are joint creations of
player and Storyteller alike, and the stories told in the context
of those worlds acquire a depth unobtainable in an off-the-
shelf product. Make your world your own.

CONTENTS

Three Pillars contains a vast wealth of information,
presented (in the grand Vampire tradition) from the perspec-
tive of amember of the tier of society in question. (Note: This
doesn't mean each chapter is a first-person account, but the
material is guilty of a little bias. Take what you like and run, as
per The Golden Rule, above.) Efforts have been made to
present information as it pertains to both vampires and the
kine, as the world continues to turn even while vampires
slumber away from the harsh rays of the sun.

Chapter One discusses the lords and ladies of Dark Medi-
eval Europe — the nobility. See how vampires sway the course

of government without ever revealing themselves to rivals.
Chapter Two examines the House of God and those who
do His work — the clergy. How do Cainites— the Damned —

continue their unlives under the stained glass and faith of the
Church?

Chapter Three looks at the 98 percent of society respon-
sible for oiling the machinery of society with their blood and
sweat — the peasantry. Do you believe that all vampires hail
from nobility or wear the cloth? Think again....


Chapter Four delves into that anomaly of Western Europe, Appendix: Positions of Power is a simple resource that
Italy. The stage issetforthe Renaissance, buttheworldisnonetheless__ presents all of the rulers of various European countries as well as a
Dark Medieval. How do the independent city-states cope with their _—_ chronology of important events. Find the king of your chronicle's
Cainite masters while struggling to shake off the yoke of feudalism? home country in one convenient location.

FURTHER READING

When you've exhausted the information here and want to find more, the following resources are highly suggested:

The Norman Heritage 1066-1200 by Trevor Rowley — A bit Anglocentric (as if the title didn't tell you), but
nonetheless valuable. Also included are' umerous maps and floor plans, which are themselves incredible boons with
regard to an age when nothing was €ver written down.

Great Ages of Mani Age of Faith ftom Time-hife Books — The atte ee of research volumes, baviworth a.look for its
photographs and art.reproductions Wf nothing else,

The Story of Civilization; The Age of, Faithby Wi u ites the bestseries ofhistorical récordingsin the whole
wide world. Durant'sannalsinclude not onlyabundant information ‘butalso the fruit of the gods‘ianecdotes! If you want
actual "photographs of history, arant's: Stony,of Civilization is a godsend,

Life ariel Work Medieval Eutopeby P. Boissonnade)(translation by FileetiPower)\ Though somewhat dated (that's
aeuphemismforadamn diy read"), chis book isstillpacked tothegills with factual inforination and laboriously assembled
firsthand accounts ofthe day: +t0-day affaits,of Western Europes

The High Middle. Ages in Germany edited by Rolf, Porian — Numerous accounts by multiple"authors of life and
everything tlfat touches ‘itin Getmany betweenyA,D! 1000 and 1500.\This book is a refreshing-ahd€asy-to-read
compilation, pétfect for fosteri ‘ lying around medieval cities,

The Mediegal'Soldier by — How to dismember your neighbors, from Saxon\-to the Levant.

The Italidn, Git¥-Républics by Daniel Maley ‘This is an.all-around excellent introduction tothe Italian communes
and was the basis forsmuch of Chapter Fonr. Waley has also written numerous other books on the:ltalian cities — all of
which are recommiénded (if a-bit dry).

A History of Private Life "edited‘by Philippe Ariés and Georges Duby — ‘An excellent visual resource. Volume Two
has a section on living conditions in pre-Renaissance Italy. The discussion is a bit late (c. 1350), but most of the
information can be applied to the Dark Medieval world without stretching facts too greatly.

HOW TO USE THIS BOOK


pee nai a >

WA
el
: ~~, >> is
SPSS —"
Me SG... = — sa

af 2 were hing 3 should be a

slave to policy,


Rie Out As 8 Boy,
RETURN A RULER OF MEN

The winter was cruel in my 15th year, howling down from
the bedeviled north and lingering long past its appointed season.
I remember huddling before the great hearth, feeling nothing but
cold, listening to the howl of hungry wolves riding the ill winds.
The chill slipped inside our stone walls and pierced my father's
heart. He died a little each day, coughing and choking at the
foul humors that the winter had quickened in his veins. He
summoned me to the great hall on the first day of spring, and I
knew it was to say good-bye.

A fire guttered in the broad hearth and my breath lingered
in ghostly plumes as I crossed the long chamber to my father's
dais. He sat in his canopied chair, the seat of honor, and the
long fever had rendered him down to stretched skin and bone.
My father slouched under piles of furs, his eyes glassy and his
gray hair stringy with sweat. His hounds attended him,
crouched around their master's feet as if to share their warmth
with him. Sir Martin, our seneschal, and the good abbot from
the village waited near the hearth, their silhouettes painted in
orange light and shadow.

The hounds growled ominously at my approach, as if
somehow hoping to guard their lord from the evils that beset
him. I waited in silence, pulling the furs tightly around my
shoulders. When he finally spoke, it was a thin, wheezing
sound, a rattle like brittle chains. My father's strength was
almost gone.

"The holy man tells me it is spring. Is it so, boy?"

"Yes, my lord," was all I could say.

"Then it is an ill-omened thing," he said with sudden
bitterness. "But time waits for no man, and so you must do as I
bid. The first seven years of your life were spent with your
mother, as is proper, then I took you in hand and taught you
how to hunt, ride and fight. We taught you how to live, but
now you are 15, and must learn what it means to be of noble
blood. Now is the time for your nourishment, and our master
the Baron of Hautmont has agreed to take you as his squire.
He has not forgotten his love for me, for I gave him my horse
when his fell at the Battle of Clairault, and saved him from
capture. Count your blessings, boy, for he is a powerful man,
the equal of any baron in northern France, and he rewards
faithful service. You will serve him until your 21st year, and if
you are wise, you will pay attention to everything. You shall
learn of life in a great castle, and the ways of a noble house-
hold, and you will see their pleasures and their pursuits, their
feasts and great tournaments. Mark well how he treats his
vassal lords, for one day you will be counted in their number,
but also give care to his treatment of the common man, and the
keeping of the law."

My father paused for breath, a thin, whistling sound that
echoed in the hall. "Take my sword, my coat of mail and my
tall horse, for like as not you will ride out to war more than
once at the baron's side. Sir Martin will see you to Hautmont,

THREE PILLARS

with my gifts and well-wishes for the baron. Leave here as a boy
and return as a ruler of men, my son. We will not meet again."

At that, he raised a trembling hand, summoning the
abbot and Sir Martin, leaving me to my thoughts and prepara-
tions for the journey.

We journeyed from my father's lands through days of
freezing rain and mist, but Sir Martin knew the route well, and
found lodging for us every evening with one of the baron's
vassal lords, or else in the dim, forbidding cells of village
monasteries. Our hosts were courteous and mindful of the
customs of hospitality, sharing news of the unseasonable winter
and hungry for tales from outside their territories. We were
enjoined to extend our stay a little longer at every turn. The
clergy tempted us, especially with lavish gifts of food and drink,
eager to know our business with the baron. Each time they
made their entreaties furtively, like conspirators, as though there
were more to their questions than they dared to share. My
father's seneschal said that it was money they sought and
managed to refuse their offers politely .

HauTMONT CASTLE

The towers of Hautmont Castle rise white and forbidding
over the treetops, visible for many miles along the trade road.
Once across the river, the road continues on to the east to the
county of Champagne, while another track leadsnorth, through
a gate in a large wooden palisade that parallels the road and
encircles the base of the bluffs. This is the barbican, the first
line of defense, and is designed not to turn back a determined
army so much as to delay them in the event of a surprise attack,
so that the castle proper might have time to close its great gate
and man the outer walls. The gate, watched by a young castle
porter, allows no more than two riders abreast.

Beyond the barbican lies a narrow field called the list,
where the baron holds his tournaments in peacetime. In
wartime, if an enemy forces his way past the barbican, his
troops would find themselves wedged into a strip of land
between the palisade and the castle proper, with the river
on one side, the steep slope of the bluffs rising up on the
other, and the castle's archers firing a steady rain of arrows
from the walls above.

OureR Works

At the foot of the castle's outer walls is the moat, a broad
ditch full of slimy rainwater. The moat and outer wall are the
first layers of the castle's defense, giving the fortress a roughly
triangular shape as it extends from the massive central keep
along the banks of the river bend and then across the bluffs
landward side. The outer wall is further reinforced with eight
round towers, built a little out from the wall so anyone
seeking to climb over with ladders or ropes exposes himself to
a withering crossfire. Entrants into the castle cross the moat
via a broad, oaken drawbridge, raised by two large, iron
chains in the face of an enemy attack. Looming forbiddingly
over the castle gate is the gatehouse, a squat, solidly built


fortification unto itself. A heavy iron grating, the portcullis,
can be dropped from the gatehouse above to seal off the
castle while the drawbridge is down; during the day it
remains up to allow for the constant stream of craftsmen,
soldiers and servants passing to and from the castle. The huge
wooden gates, studded with iron nails to dull enemy axes,
remain shut, though a door set into one gate is left open,
allowing mounted men to enter one at a time. Through the
gate is a narrow, low-ceilinged tunnel that runs under the
gatehouse. The tunnel's other end is likewise guarded by a
portcullis, and the close ceiling is riddled with apertures
called "murder holes," by which arrows or burning pitch are
dropped onto would-be invaders.

Past the gatehouse lies a broad stone courtyard bustling
with activity. The courtyard resembles a small village, crowded
with wooden buildings where most of the castle's inner work-
ings are performed. This is the castle bailey. Against the outer
wall sit the barracks for the baron's household guard and many
of his servants. Rows of plain wooden sheds store grain, cloth,
raw ore and other castle supplies, while shrill cries rise from a
small building containing the baron's beloved hawks. A foun-
tain bubbles nearby, providing water for the castle and a place
to gossip for the servants. Amid all the mundane bustle rises a
small, buttressed chapel, its iron-banded doors securely shut;
opposite the courtyard sounds the thunder of bellows and the
clamor of hammer on iron as the castle smith toils in his man-

AR

made inferno. The great castle ovens are also in the bailey,
where both castle folk and village peasants alike come to bake
their bread. The nervous whicker of horses rises from the castle's
large stables nearby. Next to the stalls sit the baron's kitchens,
whose huge cookfires can roast a whole pig ora side of beef at one
time. The kitchens lie outside the baron's living quarters be-
cause of the risk of fire. Servants often sneak into the kitchens
for scraps or leavings while running their many errands.

INNER Works

At the other end of the bailey is another high wall,
identical to the outer works in every way, including moat, two
extruded towers, drawbridge and gatehouse. If an enemy made
it past the barbican and either over the outer wall or through
the outer gate, the castle defenders would retreat to the inner
fortifications and set the wooden buildings in the bailey alight.
Through the fire and smoke would come a steady hail of
arrows, and there would be nowhere for the invaders to hide.

Like the outer gate, the portcullises of the inner gatehouse

remain open during the day to allow for the movements of the
castle folk. One of the last acts of the castle seneschal each night
is to ensure that the inner portcullises are lowered, keeping the

lowborn servants quartered in the outer bailey from wandering
their master's grounds. The flagstones are much cleaner beyond
the inner gate and free of livestock. Servants in clean livery go
about their duties swiftly and silently.

THOSE WHO WAR


Across this smaller courtyard is a tall, rectangular
stone building, set with high windows and gargoyles leering
from the eaves. This is the baron's palais, the site of his great
hall and the apartments of his household and chosen
retainers. It is the only stone building in the castle built
more for comfort than defense.

Beyond the palais lies a yet smaller courtyard, and
looming above it all rises the great square bulk of the
donjon, the original tower raised by the lord so many years
ago and the last line of defense. When all else is lost, it is
the donjon to which the castle folk retreat to, its stone
walls over six-feet thick and approachable from only one
side. All of the castle folk and the villagers could fit inside
the tower, and the great storerooms within contain enough
food and arrows to last for a long siege. Somewhere below
ground (near the keep's infamous cells) are several great
wells, fed from the rushing river. Rumors persist that
Hautmont's original masters built a tunnel beneath the
keep that emptied out onto the riverbank a mile or more
downstream — a means of escape should the tower fall.
During times of peace, the upper floors of the keep are
used as apartments for guests and senior servants, or as
convalescing rooms for the sick. A sharp-eyed sentry
stands on top of the donjon, trumpet close to hand at warn
of coming enemies or noble guests.

ARRIVAL IN HBUTMONT

There was little traffic at the barbican, and the portly
steward there waved us through with a cheerful greeting. We
crossed the lists and climbed the steep path to the gatehouse,
where yet another of the baron's men relieved visiting
commoners of any weapons before they could enter the
castle. He bowed his head respectfully and bade us welcome,
and we passed into the bailey.

Inside the bailey was a commotion unlike any I had ever
seen before. The castle folk were busy at a hundred tasks,
cooking, cleaning, building and forging. The women gossiped
over jugs of water at the nearby fountain, while children,
pigs and chickens scrambled heedlessly across the paths of
our horses. Shouts and laughter mingled with the sounds of
hammer and saw. Some of the baron's men-at-arms played
dice and drank outside their barracks, cursing the stench
raised as a chandler drew candles from a vat of boiling fat. A
boy dashed headlong from the doorway of the castle kitchens,
followed closely by a red-faced cook. Amid shouted impreca-
tions the boy found his feet and went back to mucking out
the stables, licking berry juice from his grubby fingers.

We dismounted at the stables, eager to be out of the saddle.
With a few words of instruction to the grooms, Sir Martin left the
stable and crossed the bailey. I followed, working the stiffness


e_ | re:

SS

from my legs and trying not to gawk at all the activity around me
We crossed the inner moat and stood before a bronze gong set beside
theinner gate. Sir Martin rapped on the gong with a mailed fist, and
ayoung man appeared at once, wearing a scarlet bliaut and fine
woolen hose. I realized with a start that this man was one of the
baron's squires, there to receive noble guests. The squire eyed me
with evident curiosity, and after a few words from Sir Martin, he
bowed courteously and led us inside.

ARON ROBERT AND
Is HOUSEHOLD

Like most nobles, Robert of Hautmont maintains a siz-
able family, he and his wife having been blessed with no less
than two healthy sons and three beautiful daughters. For each
family member there are the requisite servants: squires for the
men and maids for the women. Combined with the necessary
servitors and functionaries of the castle, the baron's household
is a large community indeed.

Henry, the baron's eldest son, is a man with a bright
future. When Robert dies, Henry-will become baron without
question. This is not to say, however, that the baron's second
son, Percival, is without prospects, for upon his adubbment as
aknight, Robert will invest him with one of the family's three
castles and arrange a profitable marriage to an ally's daughter.
In the case of lesser nobles, however, such largess is rarely
possible. Younger children of poor lords face more limited
prospects, either becoming knights and seeking their fortunes
in service to a higher lord (if their father can afford it), or else
finding a place in the ranks of the Church. Both of Robert's
sons reside in their own apartments in their father's palais.

Robert's daughters have even fewer options open to
them. The laws of Church and state forbid women from
holding seigniorial authority over vassals, which means that
while a woman can hold property, she cannot exercise its
martial capacities, nor collect taxes, nor accept oaths of fealty,
which essentially incapacitates the fief. If Robert and his sons
were to die in battle, the lands of Hautmont would fall to his
wife, Margaret. Whatever her feelings might be for this tragic
loss, after a proper period of mourning she would be compelled
tofind another husband to rule the barony. The responsibility
for finding a suitable match actually rests in the hands of the
dead baron's relatives, and indeed one or more of Robert's
brothers might immediately seek his wife's hand in order to lay
claim to his properties. If the dead lord's kin are unable or
unwilling to find a suitable match, the widow can then appeal
to her seignior for a husband. (There is one tale of a noble
woman who journeyed to the court of the king, and in his
presence said, "I am the Baroness of Poitou, and I have been
widowed these past six months. I demand that you find for me
a husband!") It is imperative that a widow find a suitable
husband promptly, for if the fief lay fallow for too long, then
its seignior can legally confiscate the lands for himself, keeping
them or giving them to another vassal.

Thus, the baron's daughters are left to wait until their father
findsthemsuitable husbands, whereupon they will leave Hautmont
and become mistresses of their awn estates. Marriages rarely have
anything to do with love; rather, they are a tool of political and
economic influence. The baron's eldest daughter, Mathilde, is
married to the youngest son of the Count of Vermandois, an
investment on Robert's part because the union bound the House
of Hautmont to the ruling family of the county.

The baron's other daughters, Elaine and Julianne, remain
unbetrothed, though they are fast approaching their woman-
hood. Lesser nobles, hoping for blood ties to the baron, have
made numerous proposals, but Robert has been canny, clearly
leaving himself some room to maneuver in case a choice
prospect for alliance should arise. In this way it often happens
that young women find themselves wed to old barons past their
prime, all for the sake of material advantage. It is common
throughout Christendom for husbands to treat their wives
despicably once the marriage has been consummated and its
material benefits have been gained. Wives are sometimes
cloistered, confined to their own chambers and the castle
grounds, condemned to live their lives in solitary misery while
their husbands seek the pleasures of other ladies. Robert of
Hautmont, forall his reputation asa just and fair lord, banished
his wife to chambers in the donjon very shortly after they were
wed. Is it no wonder that so many romantic tales tell of young
wives giving "their love and kiss" to dashing young knights
rather than to their husbands?

Once a marriage is made, the bond is unbreakable, save
for two conditions: A marriage can be annulled if a wife is
unable to conceive a child, or if husband and wife are too
closely related. Many times, the only option left to a divorced
wife or to an unmarriageable daughter is a life of quiet
contemplation in a nunnery.

The day-to-day requirements of a castle and its noble
family require a large group of highly-skilled servants. In noble
families, the higher the social rank of one's servants, the
greater the household's prestige. The overall supervision of a
lord's castle and estates is the duty of the seneschal, who makes
decisions on everything from tax collection, to inventory, to
the food served at mealtimes. The castle's marshal is respon-
sible for the lord's stables, seeing to the care and breeding of the
family's horses. Even Robert's master falconer is a landless
knight who trains and cares for the baron's splendid collection
of hawks. Itisno dishonor fora noble toact asaservant, as long
as it is to someone of higher rank. The last of the "high
servants" is the chamberlain, who is responsible for the daily
activities of the castle that do not pertain to food, drink or
mealtimes. The chamberlain sees to the cleaning, mainte-
nance, and furnishing of the castle's many apartments and
chambers. The more menial tasks required at the castle are
performed by "low servants" of sturdy peasant stock. From the
castle's weaponsmith to the potboys, service in the castle is a
privilege passed through the family, and it grants significant
status over the ranks of village folk.

THOSE WHO WAR


The personal attendants for the baron and his family
are a special case of servant, consisting of young men and
women accepted from the ranks of the barony's vassal lords.
It is accepted wisdom in Christendom that noble children
must first enter into a period of service and education
before they are fit to assume the responsibilities of adult-
hood. This period is called the nourishment, beginning with
achild's 15th year and lasting until they reach their major-
ity at 21. Noble sons are sent to the house of their father's
neighbor or feudal superior, and they serve as the master's
squire. A squire is required to dress his master, serve him
and his lady at table, curry his master's horse and care for his
weapons and armor while on campaign. Daughters become
ladies-in-waiting, attending to the needs of castle mis-
tresses and refining their social skills.

SECRETS REVEALED

The baron's squire looked straight ahead as he made his
way briskly across the inner courtyard and through the tall
doors of the palais. Two men-at-arms stood guard outside,
eyeing us warily as we passed. I was struck by the wan color
of their scarred features and the challenging look in their eyes.
For all that they were common folk serving their betters, the
soldiers seemed to share a secret between them, as though they
held some special dispensation that set them apart from others
of their ilk.

The squire conducted us into the great hall without delay.
Groups of men milled about the high-ceilinged hall, passing in
and out of the long columns of sunlight shining through the high
windows. Some were the baron's vassal lords, speaking amongst
themselves and waiting to conduct business with their seignior.
Others were villagers, appealing to the baron to settle disputes
or civil suit. In one corner, southern trouveres entertain a
group of knights, each thespian acting out the part of some
ribald story.

Across the room, sitting in a high-backed, canopied chair,
rested a short, square-shouldered figure, his brow creased with
thought as he considered a proposal from a broad-bellied
merchant. He held an air of inviolate authority, a sense of
assurance that came from being born to rule. Yet, there was
also a cool distance in his gaze, somehow removed from the
events around him, as though he were merely an observer in the
affairs of his own fiefdom. It seemed a strange thing for a man
who held absolute power over his domain.

So it was with trepidation that I stood before Robert of
Hautmont as the young squire conducted Sir Martin and I into his
presence. The baron fixed me with a penetrating glare as we knelt
before him.

"Rise," he said gravely, and turned to my father's seneschal. "It
is good to see you again in my hall, Sir Martin. How long has it been?"

"Three years, sire, at the adubbment of Sir Henry your
son," Sir Martin replied with equal gravity. "My lord, Sir
Walter sends his love and a gift of two fine falcons to give you
good hunting this summer."

THREE PILLARS

For the first time the great baron smiled, like sunlight on
stone. "What news of your master, Sir Martin?"

"He is grievously ill, sire. The winter has been a cruel one,
and I fear that even now the Lord has called Sir Walter to his
reward."

For a moment, the look of resignation abated a little
from the baron's eyes. "It sorrows me to hear this," he said
sadly. Once again those steely eyes regarded me. "Is this my
liegeman's son?"

Sir Martin nudged my elbow. I stepped forward. "I am,
sire." The words came out like a squeak. Someone in the hall
laughed loudly.

Robert took no notice. "May God give rest to your father's
soul, lad. No one in my domain ever served me better. Well do
I remember his bravery at Clairault! He was a fine knight, as
you will one day be. What is your name?"

"Renauld, sire."

Robert nodded gravely. "Welcome then, Renauld. I accept
your service, and I will raise you to be a proper knight." For a
moment he paused, and it seemed as though he struggled within
himself to reach a decision. When he spoke again the words came
out swiftly, as though the baron feared he might change his mind.
"For the love I bear for your father you will have a position of
favor, and take your rest outside my chamber door. You will keep
your things with the other squires in the donjon." Robert raised
ahand, and the squire who had brought us to the palais came
forward. "Paul," the baron said, "show my new squire the
dormitory, and teach him his duties for the evening meal."

"Yes, sire," Paul replied, and he indicated for me to follow.
I gave a parting look to Sir Martin, but the old knight was deep
in conversation with the baron, so I knelt and then took my leave.

I followed Paul out of the palais and around the building,
into the smaller courtyard before the keep. A wooden ramp led
up to the donjon's second-floor entrance, an access that could
be burned in the face of an attacking enemy. The interior was
cold and damp, the darkness within near-absolute. I followed
Paul down a broad corridor into a huge, high-ceilinged cham-
ber, where, in times of war, the baron could address most of the
keep's defenders, and places could be made for those who were
wounded in the fighting. The air was dank and chill, smelling
of must and mildew. I thought of the baron's poor wife, forced
to spend her days in this benighted place, and shuddered.

Paul went through an archway that opened onto a great
flight of stairs. Up we climbed, past several floors until we
came to a torch-lit level with a number of large apartments.
Paul went inside one, a chamber containing 10 narrow beds
with wooden chests at their feet. The room was empty, though
it was clear that all but two of the beds were being used. Other
than a large crucifix of dark wood on one wall and a table at
the far end set with a big candle, there was no other furniture
in the room.

I walked inside, my mind distracted by all that I had seen
and heard, when Paul abruptly turned and smashed his fist into
my mouth. I stumbled, tasting hot, bitter blood, and the squire


fellupon me, hammering blow after blow into my chest. For all
his litheness, the squire's arms possessed terrible strength,
batting aside my wild blows as though I were an infant. Finally,
he stood, leaving me to clutch at my bruised ribs and pray to
God for the smallest breath of air.

"See here, filth," Paul hissed, putting a foot on my chest.
"We got rules here, we squires do. First rule is: | am the senior
squire. 1am the oldest, the biggest and the meanest. You don't
do nothin' but I don't tell you to do it first. Remember that, or
T'll break you like a stick." Paul bent low until his face was but
inches from my own. "It's my place, outside the master's door,
not yours. He thinks he can keep you from her, but I know
better. She knows you are here. Sooner or later she'll send for
you. Nobody escapes."

Paul grabbed hold of my tunic and hauled me to my feet as
though I were made of straw. He was six years older, but the
power in his frame went beyond the difference in our years. His
eyes were mocking, as though he could read my thoughts. "Get
your rags in that chest there, filth," he sneered. "Then get
yourself to the kitchens. You'd best get there before me or I'll
thump you again."

Iswung at his jaw with all my strength, hoping to surprise
him as he did me, but Paul knocked me from my feet with a
contemptuous laugh. "Do as you're told, filth, and you just
might live through this," he said, and left me there, fighting back
tears of terror and rage.

My education had begun.

RISE Ar FIVE,
Done ar NINE

Christendom sets its rhythms by the rise and fall of the
sun. Fields cannot be sown, great battles cannot be fought, and
long journeys cannot be undertaken except by the light of day.
A wise lord rises with the first pearly glow of dawn, and his
castle stirs to life around him.

The first souls to rise in a castle are typically the bakers,
lighting their ovens not long past four in the morning to bake the
bread with which the lord and lady break fast. Industrious lords
tise at five—sometimes earlier if the day promises to be a busy one.
With full dawn more than an hour away, a lord summons his
squires, who open their master's clothing chests and proceed to
dress him for the day. First, the lord dons linen underclothes, then
long hose of fine wool, tastefully colored in black or brown. Next
comes the chemise, a shirt of white linen without cuffs or collar.
Over thie cliemise eoes the pellison;a long, fur-trimmed robe, and
then the bliaut, a loose tunic that is pulled on like a shirt. Finally,
there are cloth shoes, pointed at the toe and adorned with gems
to show the baron's status and wealth. If the lord's cheek is too
stubbled, he sends for the castle barber, as it is the fashion of the
time for noble men to be clean-shaven. Once dressed, the lord
washes his hands and face thoroughly, and then begins the day by
heading to the castle's chapel for Mass.


Only after morning prayers does the castle's family break
their fast, retiring back to their chambers for a light meal of
bread, cheese and watered wine. The master's chamber isa large
room, dominated by tall windows that look out onto the inner
courtyard. A single tall candle sits ona table by the bed, lit each
night to keep pixies and devils at bay while the master sleeps.
The room's furnishings are spartan, but beautiful in craftsman-
ship. The bed is large and canopied, exquisitely carved from
wood and hung with fine curtains to keep out the unhealthy
night air. Tall, ornate wardrobes and iron-bound oaken chests
contain clothes, jewels and other valuables. Overstuffed "his
and hers" chairs face one another near a window, while the
baron's has "chair of state" before the massive hearth. Like the
seat in the great hall, the chair is intricately carved, high-backed
and crowned with a wooden canopy, and set before it is a
footstool covered in red silk. The master's bedchamber serves as
both a place for rest and for conducting daily business when no
formal audiences are required. Reading stands supporting books
of poetry or scripture are common, as are chessboards for
providing hours of diversion, and often there are perches set up
for the master's hawks. There is also a table set out of the way on
which sits a jeweled box. The box is a saint's reliquary, and it
contains holy artifacts precious to Christian faith. Some reli-
quaries contain locks of hair from pious saints, or scraps of cloth
from the robes of prophets. The castle's lord and lady kneel
before the reliquary every night and pray for the safekeeping of
their souls while they sleep.

The lord and lady turn to the business of the day after the
morning meal. While any lord can leave the functioning of his
domain to the hands of his able servants, it is considered a mark
of indolence and foolishness. A castle is self-sufficient; the
estates have their own corn lands and pastures, their stacks of
hay, granaries and storehouses. There are local mills for grind-
ing, cattle byres, slaughterhouses, and salting sheds for keeping
meat. Practically every bit of food needed by the castle folk is
grown locally, and the many servants wear coarse wool clothing
that issheared, carded, spun and woven on the castle properties.
The smith forges all the necessary weapons and tools in the
bailey. A castle lord makes daily inspections of the stables, then
the smithy, and even the kitchens, mews and bakery. At each
turn he asks for a detailed report from the servants and offers his
comments or suggestions on how operations are to be con-
ducted or improved. Sometimes the servants disagree with the
lord's wishes and flatly refuse to carry them out. Each man and
woman serving in the castle has his or her own sphere of
influence, and a wise lord is obligated to treat his servants with
tact and a certain respect within those spheres. Such forbear-
ance comes from the sure knowledge that these common folk,
some of whom have inherited positions passed down from
generation togeneration, are devoted to the castle and the lord's
household and would only act in their common interest. These
common folks' fortunes are as tied to the castle as the lord's.

In this way, the hundred or more souls who occupy a great
castle are like a single, large family, with the castle lord as patriarch.
The servants, like children, sometimes squabble, but harsh words

THREE PILLARS

and even blows are quickly forgotten. And the lord never fails to
show his gratitude on feast days, when he opens his larder to the
castle folk and the village below, and has the criers yell, "Come
inside if you are hungry, and eat and drink your fill!" There is much
gorging and guzzling at the lord's expense, and a surfeit of goodwill.

Atthe same time, a noble lord's wife is in no way idle. Forall
that the romances proclaim a lady to be meek and retiring, the
truth of the matter is that they rule every bit as much as their
husbands, and a great deal of the castle's day-to-day affairs come
under their control. The mistress of a castle commands as many
as 20servant maids, some of whomare pucelles, daughters of vassal
lords, and subject to a certain amount of consideration, the same
as the lord's squires. The duties of these servants are to clean the
apartments of the palais, wipe down all the stools and benches,
feed the chamber animals (the hounds and caged birds), and then
receive tasks of sewing, weaving or cutting of fabrics. In addition,
the mistress of the castle sees to the training of her daughters,
ensuring their education in the Scriptures, in romanticstoriesand
poems and in courtly behavior. In times of peace, the ladies of the
castle provide pleasant company and diversion, especially during
the long, shuttered months of winter when everyone huddles
within the walls. They are also charged with making guests
welcome; in some regions it is the responsibility of the ladies to
conduct guests to their rooms, assist them in removing armor and
boots and wash their feet and hands.

This is not to say that the baroness and her daughters are
ignorant of the larger business of the castle. When the lord rides
off to war, the lady commands the castle, and she must be able
to check up on the provosts' accounts, adjudicate the com-
plaints of peasants, arrange alms for the poor and manage the
relations with the local representatives of the Church. Most
castle ladies know as much about defending a castle under siege
as their husbands, and they can ride, hunt and handle a spear as
wellasmost men. Additionally, most noblewomen learn the arts
of medicine and healing, and they are expected to set a broken
limb or suture a sword wound with skill and fortitude.

But forall these duties, the tasks of the lord and lady consume
nomore thanamorning's labor. By dinnertime, commonly served
at nine a.m., most day-to-day business is concluded, leaving the
lord and lady with the rest of the day to spend at their leisure. To
this end, there are a good number of pleasant diversions for the
noble folk, sedentary pastimes such as checkers or chess, or more
active pursuits like swordplay or hunting.

GENTLE DIVERSIONS

Indoor games are in great demand when bad weather
makes outside sports impossible, and bookish diversions are
somewhat limited. Backgammon is a favorite game, but most
popular among the men are games of dice. Often the Church
censures the use of dice in all its forms, complaining that not
only is the act of gambling a risk to the soul, but the
blasphemies constantly uttered by losing dice players serves
as a means of populating Hell! In fact, laws in some parts of
France state, "Dice shall not he made in this dominion, and
those using them shall be looked on as suspicious characters."


Of course, such laws are most difficult to enforce, and are
usually limited to punishing the makers of loaded dice. Dice
are often the ruin of many a noble and honest villager alike,
yet the games continue.

Outdoor sports enjoy equal popularity, particularly among
youngnobles, who while away many hours playing such games
as guilles. In this game, nine pins are set on the ground and
players take turns knocking them over with a thrown stick.
Tossing the ball is a common pastime, and sometimes lords
and ladies alike spend hours in the fields shooting crossbows
at birds. None of these diversions, however, match the sheer
spectacle and excitement of hunting.

Falconry is the definitive sport of the nobility. Carrying
ahunting bird on one's wrist is a mark of status and privilege.
It is known for nobles to take their birds with them even on
short journeys, and for lords and ladies to witness Communion
with falcons resting on their arms. Hawks are prized gifts
between noble men, and there is no swifter way to the gallows
than through the theft of a hunting bird. A baron would
sooner forgive the theft of gold than the loss of a single falcon!
If a bird becomes lost, a peasant who finds it can reap
considerable reward for its safe return. But woe to the varlet
who would keep such a noble possession! If caught, he must
either pay a ruinous fine or else allow the hawk to peck six
ounces of flesh from his breast.

Falconry isnot the only type of hunting favored by nobles.

Stag and boar are prized for their meat and the challenge they
provide in the chase. The equipment for hunters is simple:
The most expensive articles are the hunting horns, those great
oliphants whose high, clear notes can be heard for miles. They
are made of ivory and chased with gold, and hung from the
hunter by a cord of silk or fine leather. The weapons of the
hunter are bow and arrows, a small hatchet called a "Danish
axe," a broad-bladed boar spear and a large knife in case of
emergencies. Hunting boar is a dangerous business, for these
creatures are large and very fierce, and their thick hides enable
them to scorn all but the fiercest blows. Hunters use great
boarhounds to run the creature to earth; the chase can go on
for miles, and the hunting party often becomes separated in
the confusion. Ifa chase leads across a farmer's ripe fields, then
so be it; it is a lord's especial privilege, and to complain against
it is considered treason.

Of course, a lord and his sons devote much time to the
practice of the arts of war in addition to these other activities.
Skills and reflexes must be constantly honed, and every few days
most nobles can be found trading blows with blunted swords and
practicing their shield-work. The game of chess is also encour-
aged by many, for it instills the value of patience and the art of
strategy. When a lord and his sons keep company, the talk often
turns tostories of bloody conflict and discussion of the finer points
ofconquest. Butitis possible to have too much practice, toomuch
preparation. The vital humors heated by the clash of arms, even
inplay, create a pressure that demands release. Too many ruinous
feuds are fought by nobles for no other reason than boredom and
awillingness to test the sharpness of their blades.

To Bep ar Nine

Appetites are keen and spirits high after an afternoon
spent hunting or wielding sword and shield. By five, the sound
of trumpets cry from the donjon and the castle folk assemble in
the great hall for the evening meal.

The great hall is lined with long, heavy tables made of oak
— their dark, scarred surfaces testament to years of feasting
and celebrating. The tables are arranged in a horseshoe-shape,
with the castle folk taking their places along the long "arms."
The master's table, where the lord eats with his family and any
honored guests, stands at one end of the hall. Seating arrange-
ments are very important; one's status in the household
determines how far down the table from the lord one sits. As
much as possible, a lady sits beside each man, particularly at
the master's table.

As the castle folk file in, each takes a turn at the lavatory
beside the entrance, where washstands with pitchers and
basins allow for the cleaning of the hands and face. No one is
exempt from washing, and the process follows a set order of
precedence: first, visiting clergy, then visiting nobles, then the
lord's family, after which the commoners take their turn. The
long tables in the hall bear carefully laid tablecloths, with a
drinking vessel, knife and spoon set at each place. While the
knife is made of steel for serious cutting, the other tableware is
of gold or silver and represents a large fraction of a noble
estate's portable wealth. Cups for the noble folk often resemble
fantastic beasts: dragons, griffins, unicorns and great dire
wolves. The common folk make do with more simple cups of
wood or cured leather "jacks."

The moment that prayers are finished, a procession of
servants carries dishes of food and drink into the hall. Great
loaves of bread are laid at regular intervals, made with fine
wheat for the nobles and coarse, black grain for the common-
ers. Additional loaves follow, which the men cut into thick
slabs and share with the ladies beside them. Later dishes of
meat are served upon these bread tranchoirs, rather than
setting the greasy foods on the table itself. The "trenchers"
themselves are not eaten; rather, they are gathered into great
baskets at the end of the meal along with the meat scraps and
distributed to the beggars who line up each dawn outside the
barbican. The lord's dogs devour whatever food does not make
it into the alms basket. Guests are wise to toss a choice morsel
or two to the master's favorite hounds.

Inthe space between the tables, the castle's kitchen hands
serve a steady procession of courses. The presentation of both
dinner and supper is intended to provide the diners witha large
variety of choices and to ensure that everyone eats their fill.
The meats are sliced expertly by the kitchen carver, and taken
first to the master's table, where the lord and his family choose
the choicest cuts for themselves. Squires fulfill their role at
mealtimes, carrying great trays of food to their master and

THOSE WHO WAR


keeping his and his family's cups full. All the while, a continu-
ous stream of lesser servants runs back and forth between the
hall and the kitchens, keeping the food coming.

Food arrives in four courses, and meat dishes abound:
Pork is by far the most common on ordinary days, as is chicken
or most any other kind of bird. A favorite way to prepare the
meats is in the form of a pasty. These meat pies are something
of an art form with castle cooks, and they can be made with
eels, geese, pigeons, venison, salmon and other meats. Fish is
in abundance, as are frogs children catch in the castle's moat.
There are a wide variety of soups — a staple dish in common
and noble households alike — spiced with sweet basil, marjo-
ram, sage, and the most favored spice, pepper. An abundance
of vegetables and cheeses round out the meals.

Castle folk keep their cups full of wine, or in the case of
some common folk, beer. While the castle has vineyards for its
occupants' usage, most lord's cellars also contain imported
tuns of exceptional wines from as far afield as Spain, Germany
and Italy. A brewhouse in the outer bailey makes a consider-
able quantity of beer, both godale, or "double beer," and the
more common "small beer." Since the crusaders returned from
the Holy Land, there has been an increasing interest in spiced
beer, and many castle brewers experiment with gentian,
juniper, and cinnamon beers.

Atlast, after everyone has eaten their fill, the lord signals
for the trouveres to begin. These traveling entertainers wander
the length and breadth of France, stopping for no more than

i \ ee
Ny I at ah ‘dl

THREE PILLARS

a day or two ata castle or village, and pay for food and lodging
by performing epics and romantic tales. Their performances
delight the hall for hours, while the castle folk digest their
heavy meals. This is the only chance the kitchen folk and
squires have to retreat to the kitchens and eat their own
suppers, the only consolation being that with the mass of food
served each night, no one goes hungry.

Finally, the lord rises and bids one and all a good night.
The squires escort the lord, his wife and children to their
chambers. The morning routine is performed in reverse, as the
lord washes, says his prayers, and undresses for bed. By nine, he
and his family settle into sleep.

The squires at this point head for the donjon, to wash and
see to getting clean clothes for the morrow. For the senior
squire, one final task remains: meeting with the seneschal just
after the tableware has been accounted for and then making
the nighttime rounds of the castle. Starting with the donjon
and proceeding all the way down to the barbican, seneschal
and squire make certain that the sentries are at their posts, that
the armories are secure and that none of the common servants
remain in the inner courtyard. All the drawbridges are raised
and the portcullises dropped. Only then does the seneschal
relinquish the great ring of keys at his waist. Outside the
master's door, the seneschal passes the keys to the senior squire
who carries them to a hook beside the bed in the master's
chamber. After that, the great castle sleeps, and the cycle
begins anew the following day.

W heh Pash

ga

4


A RESIDENT EviL

Allord's favored squire sleeps like a hound outside his master's
door, one ear cocked for the slightest sound or summons. In those
first weeks I made many clumsy mistakes while tending to the
baron, but while he never hesitated to correct me, Baron Robert did
notdismiss me to the donjon dormitories. The baron kept me in the
favored place, almost out of defiance, it seemed, though at what I
could not imagine. The honor meant little to me whenever Paul
caught me alone in the castle halls.

Every aspect of the castle had its hierarchy. The lord (who
himself must answer to a feudal superior) commanded his high
servants, who themselves commanded lesser servants, and even the
least of these, down to the pot-boys, had aclear pecking order of who
defers to whom. Everyone, it seemed, had at least one person
beneath them to lord over. It was no different with the squires. Baron
Robert maintained no less than eight, a sign of his wealth and power.
The squires with the most seniority terrorized those beneath them,
heaping abuse and labor upon their juniors daily. It was no secret to
the baron, whom I imagine suffered much the same way when he was
asquire. I bore up under Paul's torments and fought back by holding
onto the favored place outside the baron's door. In years to come, the
seniors would pass on, receiving their knighthoods, and despite many
bitter promises made after beatings or demeaning tasks, I found
myself terrorizing the new lads junior to me with equal viciousness.
Tt was simply the way of things.

We squires were the baron's closest companions, near him
every hour of every day. In the process of attending him, we
observed the ways and means by which he ruled his domains, and
he discussed matters of rulership with us many times, gently
guiding us to insight and maturity. We were like sons to him, which
‘meant that all too often if we made a step amiss, Robert did not
hesitate to correct us bluntly and sometimes harshly. We were
nourished in this way, made ready for our future responsibilities,
and we were fortunate that our lord took his responsibilities so
seriously. In some parts of the land, there were evil lords who used
their position to inflict hideous abuses on the boys in their charge.

Three months passed before I set eyes upon the baroness,
Margaret. One evening she came to supper in the great hall
unannounced; I remember how all the tumult of the feasters fell
silent, like birds startled to stillness by the tread of a hunter.

Thad never seen anyone so regal before. She was tall and pale as
alabaster, with only the faintest rosy blush on her lips. The rushes
crackled faintly with her delicate tread, and the baron's great hounds
hung their heads and shied away from her approach. The baron rose
to welcome his wife. She stood before the master's table and made a
slow, deliberate bow. Even I could see the mockery there, but Robert
made no reply. The baroness took her place beside Robert, and slowly
— tentatively — the meal resumed.

I felt her gaze upon me while I performed my tasks, setting my
nerves on edge. Never did the baron offer her a cut of meat or a drink
of wine. Her plate sat empty; she watched everything and everyone
around her. When the meal ended and the trouveres began their tales,
Thastened from the hall. Even in the kitchens my skin prickled with
waves of heat and cold. It still felt as though she was watching me.

When we gathered back in the hall for the baron to bid everyone
good night, the baroness was waiting. Baron Robert summoned me.
There was a terrible weariness in his voice, a hollow sound of despair.
"Conduct my wife to her chambers, boy," was all he said, and the
sound of defeat in those words left me cold.

The night was dark as the Devil's heart as we left the palais.
Margaret made her way through the garden effortlessly, leaving me to
stumble along in her wake. She laughed softly. "My husband thinks
much of you, placing you outside his door. Why is that, Renauld?"

"['m sure I donot know, my lady," was the best I could manage.

"No? How disappointing. I had hoped it was because you were
someone special, someone with promise." The guards at the en-
trance to the palais hung their heads meekly as she passed. Stung by
her words, I followed her inside.

"My father was a great knight," I ventured, as we set our feet
upon the great stair. "He saved the baron's life at Clairault."

"What a pity the son cannot match the father. I hear that the
other squires beat you. They handle you like acalf." She turned, and
it seemed as though her eyes flashed like a cat's in the torchlight. "I
think my hushand holds you close because he fears that you could not
survive sleeping in the dormitory, and he has pity for your father."

My cheeks burned like hot coals. Shame and anger tightened
my hands into fists. My fear of the baroness was forgotten as I
followed her inside a dimly-lit chamber. "I am my father's son. I
will not fail him, or my lord, the baron. And one day, Paul will not
dare raise his hand to me."

"Oh, such bold words," Baroness Margaret laughed. "Such
bold, empty words."

Witha start, I realized we stood in the baroness' bedchamber.
Barely a handful of candles burned in the large room, guttering in
unseen drafts and throwing wild, contorted shadows on the aged
walls. This light gave only hints about the room, the outlines of a
large bed, formed of dark wood. Ragged tapestries, tables covered
in earthenware jars or old, ironbound books. The baroness went to
one such table. "It takes courage to be strong, Renauld. The
courage to do what must be done. I fear you haven't the heart." She
drew a chalice from the tabletop and turned to me, a smile on her
face. "Better you should return to your tower. Live out your life
behind stone walls. Your father is dead, and will not know."

Her eyes glittered with merriment, and my rage slipped its leash.
"I will show you courage! Name me a task, my lady. Anything."

Baroness Margaret smiled. She was playing with me, like a
child with a new pet, and I burned for the chance to prove her
wrong.

She held up the chalice. "Then drink," she said. The cup
brimmed with dark wine. "Have you the courage to empty my cup?"

I took the chalice without hesitation and raised it to my lips.

My mouth filled with blood. Hot, bitter, fresh from the
vein. Blood. My mind reeled with revulsion and horror. But
there were her eyes, boring into mine, certain of my weakness.

I thought of Paul, and the beatings, and her mockery, and I
swallowed. Again, and again, gulping the abominable drink. Blood
dribbled down my chin, soaking into my bliaut. And still I drank.
May God have mercy on my soul.

THOSE WHO WAR

)

os Ve
NG

KNIGHTS IN
TRAINING

In addition to acting as bodyservant and confidant to the
baron, a squire spends part of nearly every day training for a
knight's chief function: combat. A noble son first holds a
sword at age seven, becoming accustomed to its weight and the
punishing shocks of dealing repeated blows against wooden
targets and blunted blades. He learns to deliver strikes from
horseback as well as on foot, and then later, to handle the
knight's oval-shaped kite shield. By 15, an aspiring squire has
developed enough strength and basic familiarity with the tools
of battle that he can begin to refine his art under the tutelage
of the castle's master-at-arms.

During the afternoons, while the lord and lady of the
castle are taking their leisure, the squires are sent to the inner
courtyard to practice swordplay. They fight in full armor: a
hauberk of mail and leggings that covers their torso, arms and
legs, plus mail "mittens" that cover the hands and a coif that
protects the head. Over the coif goes a heavy steel helmet,
called a great helm, which offers ample protection at the cost
of limited visibility and poor ventilation. Squires and knights
alike wear thick padding under the armor to provide some
modicum of comfort and added protection against blows.
Owing to all this protection, it is uncommon for knights to be
slain on the field of battle. The rules of chivalry require that
a knight accept the honorable surrender of a fellow knight

when offered it, in return for payment of a ransom of gold or
property rights. Thus, there is a powerful incentive to beat a
foe into submission and take his surrender.

In addition to several hours of sword work, squires must
practice the skills of fighting from horseback. It is the horse
and the power of a mounted charge that makes the armored
knight the master of the battlefield, and it forms the founda-
tion for the authority of the noble class. Noble children, sons
and daughters alike, learn to ride as soon as they are old
enough to remain in a saddle. During their nourishment,
squires perfect the ability to strike targets from horseback
with both sword and lance. Squires practice first against
straw targets representing men on foot, then try their hand
against the quintain, and wood-and-straw mannequin clad
in armor, and made to represent a mounted knight. Squires
must control their horses, hold their lance at the correct
angle, and properly react to the shock of their lances' impact
against the target —all in all, a feat of intense coordination.

Atthe time ofa squire's knighting, he performs two feats
to prove he has mastered the necessary skills to become a
knight. First comes a feat of strength: The squire, in full
armor, must run and vault onto the back of his horse, without
the assistance of stirrup or saddle. Once mounted, the squire
must ride out onto the lists, where the quintain awaits. The
second feat requires that the squire take a lance and make a
single charge at the quintain, striking it solidly, so that the

THREE PILLARS

lance penetrates the target's shield and mail covering. A
squire can fail one or both of these feats and still receive his
adubbment, but his reputation for martial prowess will be
severely stained.

Learning to fight is only part of a knight's training,
however. Chevaliers are expected to be paragons of virtue and
courtly behavior. To that end, the squires bear the responsi-
bility of escorting the lady and her daughters when outside
the castle, and entertaining visiting noble dames with sto-
ries, songs and games. The castle ladies take the young men
in hand and help them to become charming and well-versed,
smoothing their rough manners and making them mindful of
the dispositions of the gentler sex. Ifa squire is very fortunate,
the castle mistress will also insist on teaching the young men
their letters, which allows them to broaden their education
as well as to better oversee their estates in years to come.

Bioop Curse

Thaddrunkachalice of blood before the Baroness of Hautmont,
gorging on damnation while she looked on and smiled. Too late, I
learned that the madwoman had not been so mad after all, and that
darkness indeed had come to dwell in my master's castle. Baroness
Margaret was not cloistered at all. She was a vampire, and fearful
of the light of day. She haunted the stygian vaults of the castle
donjon, surrounding herself with castle walls and men-at-arms to
protect her daytime sleep. And the castle folk served her, whether
they knew it or not. I suddenly understood the haughty looks of
certain castle servants, and the weary distraction of the baron.
Baron Robert no longer ruled in Hautmont, if in fact he ever did.

Her blood had made me stronger and faster than I had ever
been before. I felt no fatigue, had no need for much sleep, and
my senses grew sharp. There was not a single squire who could
best me with sword or lance, though I found that horse and
hound alike grew skittish of me, as though they could sense the
foul taint at work in my veins.

But after a month, I felt the fire in my blood begin to
wane, and my strength waned with it. The other squires
noticed, and took their vengeance out upon me on the practice
field. My arrogance gave way to despair. Like all evil things, the
gift of the baroness did not last. If I wanted to keep my prowess,
I would have to seek her out again and again, so long as I lived.

I resisted as long as I could. The baroness welcomed me
like a lost son, and gave of her blood, with a mocking smile that
shed no warmth. She knew that I was hopelessly ensnared. I
drank, and grew strong, and my misery knew no bounds.

Afterward, the only pleasant hours of my nourishment
were spent in the garden attending on the fair Elaine, reading
poetry and entertaining her with song. As I came to know her, I
found my seignior's daughter to be more beautiful and refined
than any other lady in Christendom, and the very image of
gentle nobility. She seemed entirely innocent of the monster that
her mother had become, existing only for her sisters and her
books. I grew ever more protective of her, determining that if I
were to be Damned, I would save her from the same fate, to the


day she favored me with a smile and a coquettish laugh. "If you
were a knight, would you wear my scarf in the tournaments,
Renauld?"

My heart swelled, with sadness and a terrible, hollow joy.
I bowed to her deeply. "Fair damoiselle," I replied gravely, "I
shall be a knight, and your father's man. It would be my honor
to wear your token in the lists, if you deem me worthy." To
which she let out a high, musical laugh. Her eyes glittered like
sapphires.

"Then I shall make for you a garland," she said, "to wear
upon your helm, and a scarf of silk for your lance. And you
will joust for me." Then her face became serious, and she
leaned close, placing a tiny white hand on my own. One of
Elaine's maids frowned disapprovingly. "What if I should be
taken," she said, "captured by my father's enemies and
ransomed like a king? What then?"

My breath felt hot in my lungs, and I could hear the blood
rushing like a river in my ears. "I would ride to your rescue,
through darkness and death, against all the knights in
Christendom. As any true knight would," | added hastily. It
would not do for the maids to tell Elaine's mother that I

presumed upon her daughter's affections
The maids shifted about like fretful hens, but Elaine had

eyes only for me. "You are my Roland," she said softly, and
from that moment forward, I was.

Law AND ORDER

Despite the best efforts of enlightened men there isnotyet
acentral code of law throughout the kingdoms of Christendom.
Since the time of Charlemagne, local lords have bore the
responsibility of meting out justice and punishments as they
see fit, asserting this right as the privilege of their God-granted
nobility. To some, this duty is a burden, borne with solemnity;
to others, it is a license to inflict pain upon their helpless
subjects.

A noble's capacity to dispense justice depends, lik
thing else, on his rank. A landed knight or petty noble
power of low justice, the right to judge petty infractions such as
public drunkenness or quarreling, and can sentence guilty
parties to minor punishments such as the stocks or flogging.
More serious offenses, such as murder, theft or rape, are adjudi-
cated by the local baron. The barons of Europe (and their
superiors) have the right of high justice, giving them the absolute
power of life and death over all the peasants and vassals within
their domain. How these forms of justice are applied depends on
what rank of society the accused comes from. Ideally, nobles
enforce the laws of the land harshly but fairly. In reality, there
is no equality under law, and individuals are presumed to be
guilty unless it is proved otherwise. A peasant accused of a high
crime is often executed after a swift and arbitrary trial. A priest,

THOSE WHO WAR


however, can declare that his holy station makes him immune
from earthly judgments, and demand that his case be given over
to the church for adjudication (often leading to an acquittal or
at least a lessening of punishment). In the case of the nobility,
the law becomes less binding still. To begin with, a high noble
can only pronounce judgments on those lords who owe him
fealty. The reasons for this are practical as well as political.
Punishing another baron's vassal can be taken as an act of war,
leading to dire repercussions. Short of killing a noble criminal
outright, the only other punishments that can be levied are fines
or confiscation of property, neither of which can be legally
enforced since a baron's legal recourse stops at the boundary of
his territory. Like accused clergy, nobles who are accused of
crimes in another baron's territory must be sent elsewhere for
judgment, in this case to the court of the baron's seignior. The
baron's noble superior, in theory, has authority over not only
the barony in which the crime had been committed, butalso the
fief from which the accused hails, giving the seignior the power
and authority to make punishments felt. The end result is that
many unscrupulous knights errant and other traveling nobles
are tempted to brutal abuses of power that they might not
normally entertain on their own lands.

Any noble accused of a crime has the right to demand a
trial by his peers. This trial, called an assize, is announced far
and wide, giving as many nobles a chance to attend as possible.
The jury of peers hears the case and decides the guilt or
innocence of the accused, and the local baron must abide by
the decision. Even then, however, a guilty verdict can be
reversed. Ifa member of the jury believes that the verdict is
unjust, he may demand that the judgment be settled in a trial
by combat. Thus, a knightly duel must be fought, not between
the accuser and the accused, but between the accuser and the
juror, and God will give victory to whomsoever champions the
truth. The clergy disapproves of such trials, perhaps suspecting
that more than one guilty man has gone free by virtue of a well-
meaning ally's sword arm, and so the Church has managed to
limit the use of trial by combat to only the most serious trials.

Criminals awaiting trial or execution are held in the
subterranean chambers of the castle donjon. Prisoners of noble
blood are entitled to a decent-sized cell and reasonable food.
If the crime is not especially severe, a noble has the option of
paying a moderate bail that would allow him to avoid impris-
onment altogether while awaiting trial. The peasantry have
no such privileges. They are thrown into cold, wet cells
infested with vermin, and they are lucky to keep their clothes.
The dark places beneath a castle donjon are host to a grim
assortment of confinements; there are little-ease chambers,
rooms where prisoners have room neither to sit nor stand, or
chausses de hypocras, cells where a man's feet are constantly
kept in water. There are even oubliettes, the "chambers of
forgetfulness," remote cells in the lowest levels where prison-
ers are sealed up and left to die. Yet, these are the least of the
donjon's terrors. Throughout Europe, it is the custom to call a
castle's master hangman by the name of the seigniory that he

THREE PILLARS

served (e.g., Maitre' Hautmont). These men attend not only to
hangings, but also to beheadings (the proper method of execu-
tion for the nobility), tortures, and they act as master jailers.
The position involves considerable social stigmata; hangmen's
families marry amongst themselves, from fief to fief, and sons
follow in the footsteps of their fathers. It is a job with good
security and not much work.

Torture is common even ina humane noble's castle, used
often to extract confessions from criminals, including nobles
if the accusations relate to treason. The methods of persuasion
vary from region to region. In Brittany, the accused is tied to
an iron chair and gradually brought closer to a blazing fire; in
Normandy, acriminal's thumbs are squeezed ina kind of screw.
At Autun, a particularly ingenious method involves placing
the prisoner's feet in boots of spongy leather. Boiling water is
then poured over the boots, which penetrates the leather and
eats away the flesh, granting a foretaste of Hell itself. At
Hautmont, the preferred torture is known as "squasations."
The criminal's hands are tied behind his back and then
fastened to iron rings. Chains attached to these rings lift the
man off the floor. If the crime demands extraordinary torture,
weights of up to 250 pounds can be attached to the accused's
feet. The victim is then hoisted all the way to the ceiling and
allowed to drop with a jerk, dislocating his limbs.

There are many simpler and more convenient means of
torture at a hangman's disposal as well: injecting boiling water,
oil or vinegar into the accused; applying hot pitch or placing
hot eggs under the armpits. Lit candles are sometimes tied to
the hands so that they are consumed along with the wax, or
water drips from a great height onto the victim's stomach.
Oddly, this method is said to break down the most stubborn
criminals, as is watering the soles of a criminal's feet with salt
water and allowing goats to lick them. Of course, the most
common method of torture is the rack. Victims lie on long
wooden trestles and their hands and feet are tied to great
wooden wheels, which are then turned in order to stretch the
body and slowly dislocate the limbs.

The execution ofa condemned criminal is carried out swiftly
and efficiently. A peasant sentenced to hangis placed in a wagon
and carried out of the castle to the neighboring village or town.
There the wagon stops at the local church and the condemned
man is allowed to beg forgiveness for his crimes before God. The
abbot performs the final unction, and then the criminal is paraded
back through town to the gallows. The only hope the peasant has
for reprieve is the slim chance that the hangman's rope might
break. If this happens, it is taken as a sign from God proving the
peasant's innocence, and he is allowed to go free.

The only cause of execution for a noble is the crime of
high treason to the kingdom. A convicted nobleman is al-
lowed a final meal on the morning of the execution, then he
is conducted to the castle chapel to confess his sins and receive
the last rites. Unlike the hanging of a peasant, the execution
is commonly carried out in private. There is also no hope for
reprieve — an executioner's axe never breaks.


Dark DESIGNS

I was trapped in service to the Damned, giving up my soul
for an unholy communion of stolen blood. The baroness had
deathless strength and ancient guile to turn me to her will.
Worse still, the law-of the land favored her.

My second drink of the baroness' blood lent me even
greater strength and stamina than I had felt before. In return, I
served the baron's needs during the day, and the baroness' after
dark. At first, I looked upon the foul creature that was
Baroness Margaret and thought her nothing more than a Hell-
spawned monster haunting the dark places of a venerable castle.
As time passed, however, and I learned more about the ways of
the vampires, I realized with horror that she took a keen interest
in the management of the estates, with keeping the law and
following the tides of politics. Baron Robert was little more than
a mouthpiece giving voice to her commands.

For a time this confounded me. Why would a creature
possessing immortality, ageless intellect and supernatural
vitality have a care for mortal law? Then, when the troubles
began with neighboring Courtrace, I had my answer.

The raids began in late summer. Courtrace men stole
across the border and attacked isolated farms, putting families
to the sword and setting crops alight, then retreating back to
their lands before Hautmont soldiers could arrive.

The baroness was enraged by the news. The raids, should
they continue, would put a considerable strain on the barony's
resources, limiting its capabilities in almost every aspect. "It is
Guy de Montpassant!" Margaret declared. "He has crept like a
rat into Courtrace's halls and has set them against me. Nothing
else explains this sudden belligerence."

That was when I understood why the baroness ruled
Hautmont as any mortal noble might. Even a vampire's great
powers could reach no further than the length of her arm or the
sound of her voice. They could only affect what was immedi-
ately nearby, the same as any man. But an army gave a
vampire influence for many miles, and coffers of gold could
sway minds all over Christendom. The resources of a fief gave
a vampire a long reach, indeed. What was more, by taking
control of a great fief such as Hautmont, a vampire gained not
only the resources of a noble family, but also the allegiance of
the vassal lords who owed them fealty.

The baroness controlled Hautmont as surely as if it had
been hers by birthright. The tower and the lands my father had
passed to me were also, ultimately, hers as well. That was the
basis for my fealty. Even if I had the strength to resist the
baroness' temptations, even if I did not love Elaine more than
life itself, the cursed creature that ruled Hautmont could still
have threatened to take my lands from me if I did not obey her
wishes. Many strands comprised the cord that bound me to
Baroness Margaret.

Of course, not all vampires desired the trappings of nobility.
In fact, as I came to learn, many of the Damned were solitary
creatures, leery of the company of their fellows and tormented by
their own inner demons. A vampire who haunted the nighttime

fringes of the noble classes did so because the need for power
blazed in the core of their being. Most often, these creatures had
been nobles themselves and had been raised with the expectation
of rulership, so even in dark damnation they were drawn to what
they had known all their lives. I came to know of one vampire
bloodline, the Ventrue, who perpetuated themselves almost
exclusively from noble families. Other vampires took hold of the
reins of power simply because they could, for vengeance, for
greed or to escape the desperate boredom of immortality. Such
was Guy de Montpassant, a madman even in life, who twisted
the minds of mortal lords to do his bitter deeds.

The baroness was one of the Ventrue, seduced into darkness
shortly after the birth of her last child. She never spoke of the
fiend who turned her, or how it was done, and it was never my
place to ask. Why Guy de Montpassant desired her destruction, I
never knew. It was enough to me that he meant Hautmont to
fall. For that alone, it was my duty to oppose him.

Vampire nobles maintain the laws of the land as earnestly
as their mortal peers, for it is the law that keeps their lands
secure and establishes alliances and obligations that they can
make use of. I have heard that in some benighted Eastern lands
these creatures of Hell disdain any subterfuge and rule openly,
becoming a law unto themselves.

Like their mortal counterparts, vampire nobles preserve the
law in order to twist it to their own ends.

So it was with Courtrace. The raids continued into
autumn, until finally the Hautmont vassal whose farms were
being hardest hit set an ambush and captured a band of the
raiders. In his rage, the vassal hung the raiders without trial,
taking high law into his own hands. Without delay, the Baron of
Courtrace demanded the arrest of the vassal, Sir Morgan, and
within the bounds of the law, Baron Robert had little choice but
to comply. The repercussions of the arrest would be far-
reaching. Courtrace could potentially seek claim to Sir
Morgan's lands in redress for the hanged knights. At the very
least the legal suit would leave Sir Morgan's fief seriously
weakened, which left the barony vulnerable.

"Montpassant seeks to goad me," Baroness Margaret
declared when she heard the news. "He wants to bring
Hautmont into conflict with Courtrace. Clearly it is a trap.
Damn Sir Morgan! The impetuous fool! If he had kept his head,
we would not be facing this problem at all."

I listened, feeling my heart grow cold. Twelve peasants
were killed, for the sake of a legal maneuver. The baroness
spoke of the affair as an annoyance, no more. What did that
say about her feelings for the men she commanded? Were we all
nothing more than pawns for the Damned?

The baroness turned to me. "We will give the madman no
satisfaction. Tell my husband to arrest Sir Morgan. Sir Morgan
is to be encouraged to demand a trial by his peers." Baroness
Margaret smiled. "If Montpassant goes so far as to provoke a
trial by combat, we may turn this situation against him. Also
tell my husband that I think now is the time for us to conclude
our business with Hugh of Artois."

THOSE WHO WAR


THEIR Day in Courr

In addition to impromptu judgments presented as neces-
sary, all high nobles must set aside one day each month when the
subjects of their domains can gather and appeal a case before
their seignior. These court days are important because they allow
faraway vassals a predictable time to plan their trips to the castle
and be guaranteed an audience. It also lets lords take action on
matters that require a collection or quorum of nobles to partici-
pate in, such as an assize or a council of war. Every vassal lord is
required to be present and offer support and counsel to their
seignior for each and every trial set before the baron, but such is
the distance most vassals have to travel to court that this duty
is seldom fulfilled except in special circumstances.

Another important function of court day is the swearing
of allegiances or fealty. The oath of fealty is more than a simple
ceremony. It is a symbol of loyalty, a commitment of support
both physical and spiritual that runs in both directions. As a
vassal swears to uphold his seignior, so too does the seignior
accept the vassal as his charge, with the inherent obligations
of respect and support.

Fealty is in many ways the coin of the nobility, and
obligations exchanged for lands or privileges can sometimes
lead to conflicting of loyalties. It is entirely possible for a noble
to owe fealty to more than one lord. Baron Robert himself owes
fealty to his longtime lord, the Count of Vermandois, but

Robert's father accepted a gift of choice hunting lands from the
rieighboring Count of Champagne in exchange for free use of
Hautmont's river bridge in times past. Thus, Robert owes
different levels of fealty to two masters. As Hautmont castle lies
on the Champagne side of the Meuse, if the two neighboring
counties ever went to war with one another, Robert would be
obliged to allow the count's armies past the castle and across the
river, then do battle with them on the other side! While the
peasantry is enjoined never to look a proverbial gift horse in the
mouth, anobleman must always be wary of another's generosity.

There is more to inheriting a fiefdom than merely a young
man coming into lands and wealth. The law of the land states
that when the son of a vassal takes possession of his father's
title, the vassal's seignior is entitled to a monetary payment
called a relief. The relief is usually a fairly large sum, a means of
establishing a formal debt between the new lord and his
superior even before the oath of fealty has been declared. In the
case of Sir Henry, Baron Robert's son, the challenges of
succession are greater still. Being the eldest entitles him to the
family castle and most of the baronial lands, but not all. A

small part passes to his brother Percival, and should his
younger brother dispute the claim, Henry would have to count
on the loyalty ofhis vassals to support the division of land. This

in itself is no small feat, as many of the vassal lords would be
tempted to test their new seignior's resolve, making their own
demands of land and privileges in the hopes of feathering their
own nests. At the same time, neighboring barons, who make


threats and demands of their own, often bully concessions out
of young and inexperienced rulers. New rulers find themselves
beset from all sides by opportunists and insubordinate vassals,
and a powerful domain may come apart at the seams in a few
short months under a weak and incapable master.

Bioop FEup

By the time came for Sir Morgan's trial, the blood of the
baroness was fast fading from my veins. As my strength waned I
found myself longing for its unholy vitality with a desperation that
unnerved me. The baroness declared that if I were to drink from
her a third time, she would require an oath of fealty from me. At
last, the trap had sprung. I could not refuse. When I acquiesced,
the baroness declared that the oathtaking would be made before her
assembled court.

It came as no surprise to me that the baroness would hold a
court of her own, a dark, forbidding mirror-image to the daylit
business of Hautmont. The trappings of power attract supplicants
and hangers-on, and the reality was no different for the society of
the Damned. Had she wished, Baroness Margaret could have
surrounded herself with a deathless entourage the envy of any
mortal count.

During my months of servitude I had witnessed several other
vampires come and go through the castle donjon, slipping in
through the tunnels beneath the castle or entering brazenly through
the gate. Within the bounds of Hautmont and beyond, the baroness
had vampires in service to her, whether by oaths of fealty or other
obligations. They acted as her eyes and ears, helping to protect her
domain and make her wishes felt. Some vampires served her for the
sake of her patronage. In my time I saw more than one pale
trouvere take gold or blood from the baroness in exchange for nights
of ancient song and poetry.

The law of fealty is a double-edged sword to vampire nobility.
While a vampire could subvert a mortal household and lay claim to
its vassals indirectly, by the same token these supernaturally power-
ful creatures assumed obligations of their own to the household's
seignior. A knight held his lands on behalf of a baron, who held lands
on behalf of a count, who in turn ruled considerable domains at the
behest of aduke, and so on back to the king. Baroness Margaret was
an immortal, a servant of darkness, but if the mortal Count of
Vermandois demanded support from Hautmont, the baroness would
be obligated to give it, or else risk forfeiting her lands. It sometimes
gave me bleak amusement to wonder how many mortal nobles could
unwittingly command creatures whose powers were beyond human
comprehension! The game of thrones has its rules, and even the
undead must abide by them.

The subsequent court day saw nearly a dozen nobles come to
speak with the baron, on subjects ranging from crop blights to castle
building, to a wild report of huge wolves stalking the forests south
of Belvain. There also arrived the Baron of Courtrace and three
of his sons, demanding redress for their peasants whom Sir Morgan
had slain. From beyond Courtrace came an even more distant
baron, Hugh of Artois, along with his eldest son to conduct some
private business with my master.

It was a long, tiring day, and the great hall of the palaiswas
always full. In addition to the nobles, many common folk had
disputes to be settled, or merchants desired some agreement for their
river trade. Even several village friars came to ask for material
assistance for their parishes. With only a brief pause at dinner,
Robert listened to each case with care. Whenever possible, he gave
aclear and immediate ruling. "Your subjects must see that you are
confident and decisive," Robert often told me. "They must feel that
their disputes are of worth to you. Even those whom you ruled
against then return home with the belief that you are a conscientious
ruler, of strong character and clear mind, and this reputation will
spread throughout your domain."

When all of the barony's petty business was done, the Baron
of Courtrace stepped forward and declared loudly, "Justice! I have
waited this entire day to hear what the Baron of Hautmont intends
to do about the murder of my peasants!" John of Courtrace was a
tall and fierce-looking man, with the pale skin of the Celts and hair
as black as night. He was a fearsome baron, aman who held power
over his vassals like an iron club, and there was no man in
Vermandois who would gainsay him. His anger filled the hall like
acold wind. "Where is your justice, Robert of Hautmont? Give Sir
Morgan to me, and I shall show you how Courtrace deals with
impertinent vassals!"

Cries of outrage resounded throughout the hall. I watched the
assembled faces, seeking out those who held their composure, those
who knew as I did the true players behind this game. Baron Robert
answered his neighbor coolly, "My knight has demanded a trial by
his peers, as is his right. The assize will be called on the morrow
Until then, I welcome you as a guest in my hall, so -you may satisfy
yourself that justice will be done."

John of Courtrace did little to conceal the disdain in his voice.
"Oh, well said. Slippery as an eel. We will wait for as long as it
takes, and when tomorrow comes, my sons will help decide Sir
Morgan's fate." The baron's three sons, clad in blackened mail,
had the languid look of snakes about them. "And any knight who
dares say that Morgan is not guilty of murder shall feel the bite of
Courtrace steel!"

Baron Hautmont was sorely troubled that evening, drinking
more than his usual share of wine. As I readied him for bed, I saw
the haunted look in his eyes and I asked him if he feared that Sir
Morgan would not have a fair trial.

"I fear he will not, Renauld," Robert said wearily. "The man
insulted me in front of nearly a dozen of my knights, and they sat
as timid as church mice..." The baron's eyes grew distant, and I
saw in their unguarded depths a terrible, bleak helplessness. He
could no more defy the monster that was his wife any better than
I could. "Well, take this as another lesson, boy. Keep a careful eye
on your possessions, be they land or men, for someone always seeks
to take them from you. Ambitious nobles will try to expand their
domains by taking yours. They lure away your vassals with gifts,
bribing them to break their promises of fealty or promising better
protection and prosperity under their rule. They employ devious
means to turn your people against you, sowing discontent, then if
they see you are weak, they march in and take what they want."

THOSE WHO WAR


The baron gave a bitter laugh. "In the peasantry, we call such a
thing thievery," he said and took a deep breath. "Enough prattling.
Attend to my wife's commands," he said bitterly, waving his hand
in dismissal. "Tomorrow will come too soon, I fear."

The ussize gathered in the great hall after Mass, and the
knights of Hautmont and Courtrace assembled to hear Sir
Morgan's case. The knight was summoned from the donjon,
and he looked his accusers in the eye as he told of repeated raids
onto his lands by Courtrace men. Cattle had been stolen, as
well as grain, and in one instance, a farm had been put to the
torch and the entire family murdered. At that point, Sir
Morgan declared, he considered the raids to constitute an
invasion of the baron's land, and when he finally caught a band
of raiders, he treated them like invading troops and killed them.

Throughout the trial, the sons of Courtrace were vocal and
derisive, challenging every statement Sir Morgan made and
accusing him again and again of usurping his seignior's privilege
of high law. Finally, Simon of Courtrace, the baron's eldest
son, rose angrily from his seat and cried, "Enough! We have
heard this man's excuses! The fact that our peasantry might
have raided Hautmont lands is not the issue here. Sir Morgan
took the high law into his own hands and must be punished.
What say you all?"

"Guilty!" cried Simon's younger brothers. Once again,
their gaze swept the hall, and from the silence that followed, it
was clear that none had forgotten the threat of John of Courtrace.

One by one, the knights nodded their heads in acquies-
cence, cowed into condemnation of their fellow lord. All except
one. Henry, the baron's eldest son, rose slowly from his chair.
"[ will not sit idle while a man is condemned for his loyalty," the
young knight said. "Sir Morgan is right. The men of Courtrace
struck repeatedly at his fief, and he was within his rights to take
action as he would against any invader. What difference if the
raiders die by sword or rope? As Sir Morgan has sworn to
defend my family's lands, so too have we sworn to defend him.
Your judgment is wrong, Sir Simon, and I demand it be settled
by an Ordeal of Battle."

I expected Simon to erupt in a towering rage, but he only
laughed, a frighteningly merry sound, as though he were being
asked to join a hunt instead of fighting a duel. "So be it! I shall
see two Hautmont men die today. We shall meet in the inner
courtyard after you have made your peace with God."

The two knights met in the inner court, wearing full armor
and wielding sword and shield. All the nobles gathered in
attendance, including the baron's daughters. Elaine's face was
pale with fright, and I longed to be able to reassure her of her
brother's triumph. The truth was, I feared for Henry myself.
Was this what the baroness meant by turning Guy de
Montpassant's schemes against him? As near as I could tell, Sir
Henry was entirely ignorant of his mother's damnation, and
had nothing but his God-given strengths to call upon. I was
certain that Simon of Courtrace had the blood of a vampire
singing in his veins. He was certainly as much a ghoul as I was.

The two combatants faced one another, their expressions

THREE PILLARS

unreadable beneath their heavy helmets. Father Mortimer
stepped forward, raising his arms to heaven. "Lord God of
Hosts, be with these valiant knights—" Whatever else the priest
intended to pray was drowned out in a roar as Sir Simon charged
headlong toward Sir Henry.

The battle was swift. The man from Courtrace moved with
aspeed and strength that surprised even me. He fell upon Henry
like a storm, hammering his blade against shield, sword, and
helm, all in a frenzy of blows. Sparks flew from Henry's helm
and great cracks appeared in the wooden face of his shield. It
was a terrifying sight to behold; in that moment I did not blame
those knights who feared to face John of Courtrace and his kin.

Henry's shield dropped a heartbeat later, faltering under
the withering assault, and he left his head unprotected. Simon
did not hesitate, swinging a terrible blow at Henry's helm.

I think Henry knew he was outmatched from the begin-
ning. He called for the Ordeal because he felt it was his duty to
support the innocence of one of his family's vassals. He did not
desert that duty.

Even as Simon's blow fell, Henry thrust forward with all
his strength. His sword extended parallel to Simon's sword arm
and penetrated the vulnerable spot at the knight's armpit.
Henry's blade went deep, shearing through lungs and heart,
even as Simon's sword split Henry's helm asunder.

Henry fell to his knees, pulling the shattered helmet away.
Blood poured freely from a terrible wound at his temple. My
lord's son looked down at the twitching body of Simon and spoke
ina quiet voice. "God's will is done." Then his eyes rolled back
in his head, and Henry fell to the ground.

Elaine let out a despairing wail. We Hautmont squires
‘rushed to Henry's side. Sir John and his sons came forward. They
gathered up Simon's limp form, wrapping the knight in a cloak,
and John turned to my master. There was rage in his eyes, and
ahelplessness I knew all too well. His face was cold and dead, and
his words ground one against another like gravestones.

"We will not forget," was all the nobleman said, and the
‘men from Courtrace turned away, bearing the body of Simon
back home.

Squires escorted Henry to his room in the castle, watched
over by his sisters and Father Mortimer. No one knew if the
baron's son would live. That night I went to pledge my fealty to
the creature whose schemes had brought Henry to death's door.

The baroness called her court in the cavernous assembly
chamber of the donjon, presiding from a dais every bit as regal
as her husband's. Some 20 vampires assembled there, called
from all over the barony and beyond to discuss events and plan
against the threat of Courtrace. For all that their numbers were
fewer than Hautmont's sunlit court, the supernatural power of
the collected nobles made them greater still. I could only wonder
at how these vampires traveled from abroad — some by noctur-
nal processional, perhaps; others through cunningly trans-
ported coffins or covered carriages. They watched with varied
expressions, some amused, some somber, others disinterested
as I bowed my knee before the throne of the baroness. Another


vampire came forward, his face and form a blasphemous
horror, holding the brimming chalice in his hand.

In keeping with their origins, vampire nobles invoke sol-
emn ceremony when making oaths and allegiances. The Blood
Oath requires no words to take its terrible effect, but like many
of her Ventrue peers, the baroness favored the substance of
ritual. She rose from the dais and took my hands, in dark
mockery of the oath of fealty

Ttook a deep breath, feeling my insides twist. I could not keep
the quaver from my voice. "Baroness, I enter into your homage
and faith and become your man, by mouth and hands, and I swear
and promise to keep faith and loyalty to you against all others."

Baroness Margaret smiled with the pride one reserves for a
well-trained hound. "I do promise to you, vassal Renauld, that I
will guarantee to you the rights and privileges worthy of your
station, against any creature with all of my power, and shall
reward your faithful service in full measure."

She drew me gently to my feet and kissed me on the mouth.
Where a mortal would then have sworn his oath on a holy
reliquary, for me there was only a sacrilegious cup of blood.

I drank, completing the ritual. The baroness held my gaze
with hers all the while, but my thoughts were only for Elaine. If the
baroness would risk her eldest son to further her goals, what might
she do to her daughter? I had long resigned myself to damnation,
but I vowed then and there to keep Elaine safe, to somehow free
her from her mother's clutches, even if it cost me my life.

Henry died just before the dawn.

EDDINGS AND
CELEBRATIONS

The importance of the institution of marriage to the nobility
of Christendom cannot be overstated, for the linking of powerful
families through ties of matrimony cements lasting political and
economic relationships that can decide the course of fiefdoms for
generations. Noble children are often betrothed while still in
their cribs, as parents look to profitable alliances in the short-term
and broadened resources in the long-term. The feelings of the
child-brides never come into consideration in most cases.

Marriages begin as an offer, either from a suitor to the father
ofa lady, or from the father of a lady to the father of a prospective
husband. Fathers of eligible ladies must provide dowries, financial
incentives to make the marriage worthwhile to suitors. Dowries
consist of gold, gifts of land and livestock, or other property rights
that go to the bride's husband after the wedding. As marriage is a
commitment for life, many noble fathers put great effort and
thought into providing their daughters with suitable dowries. A
nobleman with many daughters is a fretful man indeed.

The betrothal is a ceremony to solemnly declare the
intention of marriage. It is the final step in the negotiation of
a marriage contract, like the signature on a treaty or charter.


It is not the same thing as marriage, as the Church hastens to
point out, because the particulars of that union are spiritual and
should not be concerned with matters of state. Nevertheless,
once a noble bride becomes the "intended" of a lord, it causes a
great scandal if either family tries to back out of the agreement.

Traditionally, the father of the bride hosts the wedding at his
castle, and if the bride's father is a wealthy man, a tournament
sometimes follows to celebrate the union. Messengers scatter like
crows, taking word of wedding to all the neighboring households.
The father of the bride and his seneschal open the castle coffers,
and gold that had been hoarded there for such times flows like
water, summoning a never-ending stream of merchants, crafts-
men and entertainers. The first noble guests atrive up toa month
before the ceremony, coming from many miles away. Great tents
and pavilions to house the many guests sprout up like a field of
huge, colorful mushrooms outside the castle walls.

The castle enjoys a wondrous rebirth as the day of the
wedding draws near. Walls get a good scrubbing and the court-
yards and moats are cleaned, while the castle mistress conducts
her servants like an army, ruthlessly attacking the dirt and dust of
the long winter months. New clothes are made for all the
servants. The filthy carpet of rushes laid out to cover the floor of
the great hall is swept away and replaced, blended with roses,
lilies, flag and mint, making a soft, fragrant carpet for the guests
towalk on. In honor of the festivities, the bride's father directs the
seneschal to set out some of the castle's greatest treasur
tapestries of precioussilk or Venetian wool, blazing with colorand
life, hang in the hall and other parts of the palais.

In the bailey, the cookhouse enters a seemingly never-ending
frenzy of preparation. Feeding all the guests and their retinues is a
task that even the castle cooks find daunting. The baron's hunts-
men ride forth daily to scour the countryside for game, and village
boys receive a copper penny for every bird or young hare they can
trap. Every day until the wedding, the great ovens blaze at all hours.

A store of gifts is assembled for the guests, each one is
carefully chosen to honor the recipientand all are very expensive.
Care must also be given to ensure that no recipient receives a gift
more valuable than another noble of higher rank. It is enough to
drive the mistress to distraction.

The weeks prior to the ceremony teem with many formal
greetings and long afternoon huntsas the castle population swells
tothree times itsnumber. When the blessed day dawns, the guests
convene inall theirbejeweled splendor, forminga procession that
follows the bride and groom down from the castle and into the
large church outside the castle village. Before the procession rides
an entire troop of trouveres, filling the air with a joyous symphony
of flutes, harps and viols. Behind the trouveres rides the bride, on
ablack mule with extra long ears and a carefully curried coat. The
bride's father leads the mule, and the animal wears trappings of
gold and scarlet samite. Then comes the groom, riding a white
palfrey with asaddle ofblue leather. Behind him comeshis mother
and the bride's mother, and all the female relatives of both
families, their mules led by squires. Next, all the noble guests
follow, with the father of the groom and the highest-ranking
noble at the head. Along the road stretches the cheering multi-


tude of the peasantry, free from their day's labor in honor of the

occasion. As the nobles pass, they toss coins into the crowd to
show their wealth and generosity.

Finally, the procession reaches the church, and the high-
est-ranking clergyman the bride's father can summon to
officiate the ceremony stands outside. The bride, according to
custom, descends from her mule by a truss of hay. Standing
before the sacred portal of the church, in the full light of day,
bride and groom exchange their vows. Once they are said, the
couple scatters silver deniers into the air to the cheers of the
assembled peasants, and then the doors of the church swing
wide, as the nobles make their way within.

Bride and groom sit in places of honor in the church's
exalted chamber, while the priest intones the solemn Mass of
the Trinity, and pronounces a special blessing over the couple.
"Let this woman be amiable as Rachael, wise as Rebecca,
faithful as Sarah. Let her be sober through truth, venerable
through modesty, and wise through the teaching of Heaven."

The Mass finally ends. The Agnus Dei is chanted, and
then the bridegroom advances to the altar and receives the
kiss of peace from the bishop. The groom then turns to his wife
and embraces her under the shadow of the crucifix, transfer-
ting the kiss to her, and with that the marriage is complete.
Emerging back into the sunlight amid more cheering and
coin-throwing, the procession returns to the castle, where the
guests gather in the great hall to present their congratulations
tothe couple and give their gifts. After several hours, a fanfare
of trumpets announces that the bridal feast is ready.

Even the great hall is too small to feed so many important
guests, thus, the feast is served outside. The highest-ranking
guests and family sit with the bride and groom under a great
tent of blue silk, while the other guests are seated at enormous
tables beneath the afternoon sunshine. The common folk are
included, for on this day anyone who wishes to may come
inside the barbican and eat their fill; no one from baron to
beggar shall go away hungry. In the bridal tent, the wedding
couple are served by two barons as servants of state. A great
cup of wine is passed to the groom, who must drink half of it,
then pass it to his wife, who must drink the rest to complete the
ceremony. Then, the feasting begins.

The revelry lasts for hours, as the sun wanes and the
music of the trouveres wafts through the warm night air.
Down by the common tables, peasants dot the lawn as on a
battlefield, lulled into sleep by food and wine. Those of the
noble guests who are themselves not too overcome rise from
the bridal tent to dance, their steps light and quick despite
the hours of heavy eating. Finally, well into the night, the
priest once more appears, and the wedded couple retires
amid cheers to a great pavilion. Within, the cleric blesses the
rose-strewn nuptial couch, while the newlyweds kneel pi-
ously before it. On the morrow, husband and wife are
expected to attend a special morning Mass devoted to the
virtues of marriage, and exchange promises of fidelity, pa-
tience and compassion.

Ominous NuptiAs

The day following Henry's bitter victory, Baron Robert
solemnly announced the betrothal of his daughter Elaine to Etienne,
the son of Hugh of Artois.

The match was well-made, for the barony of Artois was arich
one, blessed with exceptional vineyards that allowed them to
further benefit from the river trade. Robert agreed to allow barges
with Artois wine free passage down his stretch of the Meuse for
Elaine's dowry, and he promised to send 50 knights to help defend
Hugh's lands in time of need. (As Artois was another sworn vassal
of Vermandois, Robert reckoned it unlikely that Hugh and the
count would find themselves opposing one another, though such
things had been known to happen in the past.) In addition, a sum
of gold would be paid equal to a year's revenue of the baron's
properties, which by any accounts was a very generous sum. For
his part, Robert knew that Artois was cousin to the heir of
Vermandois, so Hautmont's ties to the count's family would be
even further strengthened, and Elaine's children would sink
Hautmont roots into the land and estates of their rich neighbor. The
betrothal ceremony would be held in the chapel that evening. I spent
the day trying to find some reason not to attend.

That evening, amid a blaze of candlelight, Elaine stood beside
Sir Etienne at the altar, and after prayers, said their promises in the
presence of their parents and the holiest of saintly relics. "I will take
you for my wife," Etienne declared in a loud voice. "And I will take
you for my husband," Elaine replied.

Watching from a shadowed alcove I felt a chill pass through my
heart. I had hoped, for at least a glance from her, the smallest look
of regret, but there had been none. After the ceremony the marriage
was announced for the first day of spring, and a tournament would
be held in honor of the blessed event. It promised to be an event the
likes of which Hautmont had never seen before.

Often I had wondered why the baroness' children remained
untouched by her taint, of all the people in the castle. Now I
understood. Noble children are too valuable as bargaining pieces,
too useful for the marriages they can make. That was why Henry
died believing he was doing his duty as a high lord, instead of being
sacrificed like a chess piece. That was why Elaine had been kept
innocent, so that she could lay her hand on a saint's reliquary
without hissing in torment.

When at last the wedding day arrived, I and the rest of the
baroness' oathbound servants were ordered to watch over the proceed-
ings in case Courtrace tried to interfere. I could not refuse. I watched
Elaine pledge herself to Etienne of Artois and felt a bit of my heart die.

The baroness appeared at the bridal feast, sitting beside her
husband with an air of cold, regal bearing as she accepted the
guests' congratulations. Over the course of the night, I saw the pale
faces of her vampiric court mingling amid the revelers. Doubtless
they attended to their lady's business, but I also saw many a look
of longing in their empty eyes. It was as if the celebration was the
closest they could come to the warmth of mortal companionship.
Every time one of those fiends refused a cup of wine, every time I
caught one of those creatures looking stricken over the throngs of
merry dancers, I felt a savage little spark of joy.

THOSE WHO WAR

=,

ts

Ss
Se an

|

\

Throughout Christendom, tournaments ate reckoned as
"little wars themselves, and the apprenticeship to great ones."
Though the Church objects vehemently to the practice, most
nobles believe that without good tourneys one cannot train
good warriors: "A knight cannot shine in war if he has not been
prepared for itin the tourneys. He must have seen his own blood
flow, have had his teeth crackle under the blow of his adversary,
have been dashed to the earth with such force as to feel the
weight of his opponent, and disarmed 20 times; he must 20 times
have retrieved his failures, more than ever set on combat! Then.
he will be ready for actual war and can hope to conquer!"

In fact, early tourneys were little more than small wars, a
series of battles fought at a certain location and organized as
much for training as entertainment by nobles bored by years of
relative peace. In those days there were no more rules to the
tourney that one would expect to find on the field of battle, and
many men were maimed or killed. Since then, high nobles have
sought to make of the tourney a more "gentle" sport, for the
enjoyment of participants and spectators. The tournament is a
festival day for the common folk, who can put aside their labors
and enjoy the spectacle. Cutpurses and scandalous "joy women"
ply their trades amid the rough crowds, while merchants set up
tents at the outskirts of the field and add their voices to the
clamor. For the knights themselves, there is more than merely
achance to gain glory in combat, as every defeated knight must
pay a ransom for his horse and armor to the victor. For this
reason, many poor knights become professional jousters, going
from tourney to tourney and living off ransom money. Because
most captured armor is rarely cared for and often returned filthy
and tarnished to their owners, professional jousters are some-
times referred to as making their living by "black mail."

In the days before a tournament, a small army descends
upon the host field. Long lines of gaily-colored tents spring up
near the castle lists, and squires run to and fro among them,
stacking lances and readying tall warhorses, Men move amid
the garish tents, sunlight glinting off the polished rings of their
armor. The fields both within and without the barbican vanish
under a sea of vibrant colors: blue, red, white, orange and royal
purple. The only clear place is the site of the tourney itself,
where two vast walls 100 yards long stand 50 yards apart. One
wall is shoulder high, and behind it are the canopied and
carpeted lodges of the noble spectators. The common folk have
their place on the ground and jostle and shove to see the action.
The inner wall is a barrier almost chest-high, with many
openings along its length. Behind this barrier wait the squires
with fresh horses, weapons and bandages.

As the first pearly glow of dawn touches the misty air on
tournament day, the castle heralds move among the many tents,
and lonely voices echo through the early-morning fog, "Jousters
make ready! Jousters make ready!" Some knights, mostly young
men touched with nerves before their first match, have long
been awake, but now a general stirring arises, and before long

THREE PILLARS

squires busily prepare for the day's events. A good number of
knights make their way up to the castle chapel for prayers. It is
considered best to go to tourney with aclean conscience, because
men still sometimes die on the jousting field.

After breakfast the sun looms high and bright, burning off
the mist from the river, and the lodges are abuzz with gaily
laughing ladies and the jovial talk of less martial nobles. At their
feet swirls a giddy mass of commoners, shoving and shouting
"Largess! Larges!" to their betters. From time to time a noble
responds, tossing out a handful of coins and watching with
amusement the scuffling it causes. Everyone wears their finest
clothes, rich with fur trim and glittering with gold and jewels.
Brightly colored pennons flutter everywhere, filling the air with
a sound like beating wings. Then a bold fanfare of trumpets
resounds, and everyone responds with a hearty cheer as the
tournament begins.

The procession begins from the end of the lists, lead by
four heralds in richly colored silk bliauts. Behind them comes
a trouvere on horseback, tossing his sword high into the air end
for end and catching it with the other hand. Then come the
combatants, knights resplendent in their jousting array, riding
two by two. Their chain hauberks gleam like ice, and their
helms display wings or horns, or the figures of outlandish
beasts. Their shields are painted and their horses' harnesses
glitter with medallions of gold and silver. The professional
jousters in their midst stand out like bare patches in a saint's
reliquary, their plain, functional armor and tack giving them
the gaunt, foreboding look of storm crows. The tourney knights
take their parade down the length of the list, and then back
again, each man competing for the admiration of the ladies.
Riders prance and curvet their mounts as they pass someone
worthy of special attention, and the gentle ladies, heady with
the spirit of the joust, fling "gages of love" to them. Knights
take up the ribbons or garlands and wind them around their
lances. The showers of affection continue throughout the day
as the ladies' favor switches like the wind from one cavalier to
another. In the end some women are left with nothing but
their pellisons and chemises!

As the procession ends, the knights take their positions,
some mounted near the ends of the list, others dismounted with
their squires behind the inner wall. Once all the knights have
found their places a herald cries out, "Let him come to joust who
wishes to do battle!" On cue, two trumpets answer, and from
either end of the list come forth the garishly-colored pursuivants.
The pursuivants are trouveres who have taken the coin of a
jouster and are sent forth to loudly advertise their employer's
martial prowess. Immediately the two entertainers begin to
verbally spar with one another.

"Here is a bold cavalier, Ferri of St. Potentin! He is.a brave
knight of a noble house who will teach a lesson to his enemies!"
cries one.

"Here is Pierre, eldest son of the most puissant Count of
Maurevay! Watch now hisdeeds, all you who love brave actions!"
cries the other.

"Pierre?" cries the first man, sounding as though he has
stepped in something. "He is the son of a crow! His friends
should be ashamed of him! Let him go and get his ransom
money, for he'll soon have need of it!"

"Silence your boasts, you pursuivant of a listless master!"
comes the retort. "Sir Ferri, if he should outlive the shock of
defeat, shall have his spurs struck from his heels as an insult to
knighthood!"

The crowd roars their approval, and the pursuivants quit
the field as the two combatants are led into position by their
squires. When all is ready, the marshal raises his white baton
and calls loudly, "In the name of God and St. Michael, do
your battle!"

The two knights lower their lances and charge. Three
passes compromise each joust, and a knight who first unhorses
his opponentis the clear victor. In the event that both knights
keep to their saddles, the one who has the most solid hits wins.

For the most part, the jousters are paired against one
another by mutual agreement and the decision of the tourney
marshals. However, some matches are declared to settle a feud.
Iris these fierce duels that often see the most fatalities, for the
jousters continue their battle until one man gives his yield.
Most such fights begin on horseback, then continue on foot if
aknight is unhorsed but can continue to do battle.

The second day of the tournament sees the grand
finale, the melee. After a night of feasting and sharing tales
of jousts past and present, those knights who can still fight
lead the spectators to a large meadow nearby, and there
separate into two even groups. Each side has a banner,
usually held by the best fighter on each side, which the
opposing side must capture to claim victory. The two forces
start some ways apart, both a considerable distance from
the shouting crowds, and with an angry cry of horns, both
bands lower their lances and charge.

The knights come together in a deafening crash, and the
air above them fills with the shards of splintered lances. Men
from both sides are pitched from the saddle, and the squires
must then rush into the chaotic battle. The danger in a tight-
pressed melee is worst for the dismounted knights, who can
easily be trampled in the confusion. The squires must drag
prone fighters out of the press, much as they would be called
upon to do in actual battle. Once the energy of the initial
charge is spent, knights fight stirrup to stirrup with blunted
swords, trying to force their way to their opponent's banner.
The great battle often runs the length and breadth of the
meadow until one of the armies is finally victorious.

After a dinner served on the battlefield and much praise
offered for the many jousters and their gracious host, at last the
tourney is done, and the many noble guests filter away, striking
their camps and beginning their various journeys home. Over
the following months, knights defeated in the jousts will have
to provide ransoms in gold to the victor in order to reclaim
their horses and armor.

HaUuTMONT

A week after Elaine's wedding, the number of guests around
the castle seemed to triple with all the knights and their retainers
who came to joust forthe baron's gold. Baron Robert offered 100
silver deniers to the man who won the most jousts, and the news
spread like wildfire across the countryside. Elaine's sister Julianne
and her maids swooned for days at the prospects of so many earnest
knights competing for their favor.

Some 84 knights presented themselves on the day of the
tournament, parading down the list in a brightly-colored procession
like a fairy army. Even I found myself hard-pressed not to be
carried away with the excitement of the jousts.

I and another of the baron's squires wagered which of the
knights would likely win our lord's gold. We considered each of the
knights in turn. Then, at the end of the procession, my eyes fell on
the grim faces of John of Courtrace and his sons. Their armor was
blackened, and the helms hanging from their saddles resembled the
heads of dragons. They paid no mind to the cheering throng and the
taunts of the fellow jousters. They had not come for friendly
rivalries. Courtrace had come for blood.

Throughout the day, the ghoulish strength of John and his sons
left splintered lances and senseless knights in their wake. Finally,
at the end of the day, John of Courtrace took to the list and vowed
to joust against all comers. A gasp went up from the crowd, but
none of the knights dared to challenge him. Finally, it looked as
though my lord the baron was considering sending for his armor,
when Sir Percival raised his lance and entered the list amid cheers.

My lord's young son and the baron took their places. On the
first pass, both knights struck cleanly, shattering their lances.
Percival's struck the baron's shield and turned, while the baron hit
Percival on the helm and flung him from the saddle.

"Dead! Dead!" went up the despairing cry from the lodge.
Elaine screamed, and I ran to Percival's side, heedless of the baron's
rearing horse. The baron's son was alive, but his helm had crumpled
under the blow, and a piece of the eyeslit had been driven back into
his left eye. He lay there clenching his teeth to keep from screaming.
"Help me up," he groaned, and I shouldered his weight. Percival
gave aweak wave to the crowd and his family, who were too far away
to see how he had been maimed. Baron John looked down from his
horse and smiled. "Well struck for a stripling," he sneered. "Now if
you will excuse me, your father owes me a bag of silver deniers."

Baron Robert paid the prize to John of Courtrace, and howled
his anguish behind closed doors. That night, my lord went among
his men, offering great rewards to the man who could draw blood
from the Courtraces in the melee the next day. Baron Robert
looked as though he had aged a hundred years since the secret feud
between the baroness and Guy de Montpassant had begun. I
wondered how many more prices the baron would have to pay
before all was said and done.

Many of the Damned moved amid the mortals that night, passing
through the jousters' encampments and making conversation or
congratulations. The more martial vampires watched the tourneys,

THOSE WHO WAR


perhaps longing for the excitement and the challenge of combat now
largely denied them. No vampire could ever ride at the head of an
army, or win a lady's favor on a bright, sunny day. Many of the
creatures tried to live out the glory of battle vicariously, choosing one
ormore mortal knights and making wagers on their performance in the
lists. Some of the Ventrue spoke of undead tournaments, hosted by
vampire lords, with jousting and melees under the cold moon. If these
tales were true, such affairs seemed empty and forlomn by comparison.
For what is a tournament without the crowds, the passion of young
maidens and the vulgar joy of the common folk?

The baron himself took the field the next morning, leading one
of the bands against John of Courtrace in the melee. For all his
fury, and the exhortations he made to his men, my lord was
defeated, driven from the saddle just short of the enemy banner.
The men of Courtrace took their leave at the end of the day, but
I knew that we had not seen the last of them.

Later that afternoon, Sir Etienne took his leave of us,
returning to Artois with his new wife. The castle began the slow
task of returning to its normal affairs, and I wondered if the scars
on my heart would ever heal.

It was three days later that the messenger arrived, on a
staggering and lathered mount. One of Elaine's maids had stumbled
into the village of St. Anthony, the broken stub of an arrow in her
back. Before she died she spoke the name "Courtrace." The
villagers found the rest of the bodies half a league down the road.
Horses and mules laid slain, wagons overturned, and the rest of the
servants slaughtered. Etienne of Artois hung from a tree, pinned
there by a lance. Of Elaine, there was no sign. The men of
Courtrace had taken her.

When the baron heard the news a deadly calm fell over him
He thanked the messenger courteously and saw to the man's needs,
then turned to his white-faced seneschal. "Call out the levies," was
all he said, and with that Hautmont went to war.

A KNIGHT SHALL
RIDE TO WAR

Throughout Dark Medieval Europe, baronies go to war
with their neighbors frequently, often for reasons as simple as
disputed borders, hunting privileges or logging rights. The
right to settle any dispute by force of arms is a tradition as old
as kings or emperors, and it forms the very foundation of the
noble estates, where every vassal lord accepts his land and
rights in return for military service to his seignior. In Christian
lands, these feuds last for only short durations and are usually
fought with very specific objectives in mind. Most battles are
small-scale skirmishes, typically raids against an enemy's vil-
lages or farms, or attacks against weak castles along the border.
The reason is because the obligations that allow a lord to raise
his army are only good for a specific length of time, which
limits the duration of the warfare, and beyond the basic loyalty
to their feudal obligations, little discipline exists among the
rank and file. A baron's army is made up of individuals, often.

THREE PILLARS

rivals or sometimes outright enemies who have only their
feudal duty keeping them civil with one another. A wise baron
thus learns to make short work of his wars, keeping his army in
the field no longer than absolutely necessary. Not even that

most holy of the liberation of the Holy Land from the

heathen, is able to keep crusading armies united for very long.

A knight's feudal obligation requires 40 days of service to
his lord during times of war, after which the lord must in some
way compensate the knight for being so long away from his land
and family. A knight supplies his own weapons, armor and
horse, as well as a limited amount of provisions to sustain him in
the field. If he should be captured in battle, it falls to himself and
his family to provide for his ransom. Higher-ranking nobles who
maintain a number of vassals must provide a specific number of
troops to their seignior's army, under their command. The Baron
of Hautmont, for instance, provides the Count of Vermandois
with 50 mounted knights and 200 peasants when called to war.
A vassal who fails to answer his lord's call can have his dwellings
burned according to feudal law.

In addition to the knights, the common folk also aid their
lord in wartime. Every able-bodied man must come when the
trumpets are sounded, to likewise serve for 40 days, though
they stand little chance of any recompense if they serve longer.
Common folk who provide their own horses (usually the high-
ranking servants of a lord's house) are employed as sergeants
and equipped with weapons and armor from the castle's
armory. These sergeants support the knights in mounted
combat and command peasant formations on the field. The
rest of the common folk come to their lord's castle on foot,
carrying whatever implements they may use as weapons. Axes,
sledge hammers, pitchforks and simple clubs are common. A
lucky few might be better equipped with a rusty sword or spear,
anda dented helm looted from a battlefield from years past. In
battle, these footmen are undisciplined and weak of spirit, but
who can blame them? Without real armor and no training,
only a fool stands his ground before a charge of knights with
steel-tipped lances! The real use of peasantry comes during
extended campaigns or sieges, where they forage for food or
build camps, fortifications and siege works. In short, their
menial skills give them value.

AA DAMNED RESOLUTION

The horsemen rode out that afternoon, ordered to spare no
horses as they sped across the baron's lands, carrying their message
to every village and tower. At every crossroads, they paused and
gave wind to their trumpets, the sound carrying across the miles and
reaching every hand at work in the fields. To the vassal lords went
the message, "Come with all the men youare bound in duty to lead,
seven days from today, to Hautmont Castle, armed and provi-
sioned for service; for your seignior's daughter has been taken by
Courtrace, and the baron would see the end of this feud."

At Hautmont, the hammers rang long into the night as the
smiths repaired weapons and helms for the coming battle. The
baron and his senior knights sat until the wee hours, debating their


strategy. A protracted war was impossible. After the great ex-
travagance of the wedding and tournament, there was no money
left to tempt the vassals to remain past their 40 days. Where
normally the baron would simply strike into Courtrace and begin
burning towns and farms until the enemy came out to stop him, in
this case this strategy would do him little good. He could burn every
crop and hamlet from border to border and it would not get Elaine
back. Robert saw very quickly that he would have to march to
Petitmur, Baron John's castle, and storm the fortress, because his
army would not hold together for a protracted siege. Doubtless the
Courtrace baron expected the same thing, and he would have
engineered some form of trap for the invading army.

But all was not in Courtrace's favor. While the Hautmont
vassals gathered with their levies, Robert sent messengers to the
agerieved Baron of Artois, then sent a rider to the Count of
Vermandois, explaining the heinous actions of the men of Courtrace,
and calling on his relatives by marriage to support his actions in
ending the rule of so wicked a house. Four days after the summons,
every one of Robert's vassals camped outside the castle. The mood
was one of righteous wrath, for John of Courtrace had broken
nearly every law of conduct that feudal law applies to war.
Tradition and custom required that warring nobles issue a week's
notice before actual hostilities commenced. Further, a warring
noble must wait for 40 days before attacking the family of his
enemy, giving them time to make their own peace, preparations for
war or declare neutrality. Finally, all nobles must respect priests,
women and minors. The men of Courtrace had violated all these

in one foul deed, making a surprise attack on the wedding party,
slaying Robert's son-in-law, and killing their servants, many of
whom were under the age of 17. With one impetuous action, the
House of Courtrace had gone from cunning provocateurs to
savages. It was not long before the rider dispatched to Vermandois
returned with a good part of the count's army behind him.

The baroness watched the preparations with grim satisfaction.
She had tempted Courtrace into overstepping themselves and used
Elaine as the bait. Now instead of a feud with a single neighbor, the
pawns of Guy de Montpassant faced the combined forces of an
angry county. Never once did she show any concern for her captive
daughter, thinking only of revenge against her rival

For my part, I went about my preparations with deadly
earnest, cleaning my lord's armor as well as my own and preparing
sword and lance. A squire was not supposed to fight in war, only
acting if their lord were to fall, but in the confusion of the melee,
such rules are often forgotten. I spent the days praying to a vengeful
God for the chance to try my sword against John's vile sons.

Within five days, the army was ready. Two hundred knights,
100 sergeants and 450 footmen gathered outside the castle walls,
along with twice that number of squires, servants and baggage
handlers. Hautmont's folk lined the castle road as the baron rode to
the head of the armored column of knights. We marched off to the
cheers of the commoners, our line stretching for more than a mile.

We reached the border two days later, marching through a
misty rain that turned the roads into quagmires of clinging mud.
There three of Baron Robert's best huntsmen anda messenger from


Artois awaited us. The news on both fronts was good. According
to Robert's wishes, Hugh of Artois attacked Courtrace from the
north, burning everything he could find. Though not normally a
domain with a large army, the rage Hugh felt at losing his son
persuaded him to dig deep into his coffers and lay out a sizable sum
for mercenary soldiers. Though no lord willingly trusted any
warrior who sold his loyalty for coin, these men would stay in the
field for as long as the gold held out, which was a considerable
advantage over a regular feudal army. Hugh had acquired a
company of German cavalry and another company of Genoese
crossbowmen to stiffen his ranks, and as yet Courtrace seemed
unwilling to oppose them.

The huntsmen brought tidings gladder still: Sent into the
countryside ahead of the army to spy out the lay of the land, these
woods-wise men had found the trap laid for the baron and his men.
Courtrace, too, had spent a king's ransom in gold to raise his own
mercenary army of beggar knights. Nearly 150 of them lurked out
of sight near Petitmur, ready to swoop down on the rear of an
invading army. Robert showed his teeth like a hound with the scent
of his quarry, and he sent Hugh's messenger back with exhorta-
tions to spread his destruction from one end of Courtrace to the
other. With that, our army marched on to Petitmur.

When we reached the castle, Robert ordered us to flank it
during the night, settling into a valley nearly a mile from the
fortress. There the baron bid us wait, and pitch our tents. We
stayed for three days, while the rains fell and my lord's vassals grew
bored and restless. Quarrels broke out among rivals, and dice
games escalated into blows. The army had frayed a bit around the
edges when my lord's scouts rushed into camp. Sir Eustace, Baron
John's second son, had gathered the Courtace mercenaries and left
the castle, rushing north to stop vengeful Baron Hugh. They were
heading right for our camp. Robert gave a shout of triumph and
ordered the army to form into lines.

Robert set his army astride the valley road, with his footmen 50
‘yards to the front, and his knights and sergeants arrayed behind them.
Many of the knights thought this an insult. "Why should common folk
stand before us?" But the baron bid them watch and wait.

Before long, the enemy army came into view, marching in
columns down the road. Great was their amazement at finding us
there, waiting for them! Sir Eustace led them, and we watched him
rein in and consider our formation for a moment. All he could see
were footmen and a thin line of knights behind them. It was clear
that if he tried to retreat back to the castle, we could fall upon his
rear and cause untold havoc, so in truth, the Courtrace man was
left with little choice. The pale-skinned fiend drew forth his sword
and ordered his beggar knights into hasty formation. They fanned
outinto aline, until each man's calf touched that of the man beside
him. When they were ready, Eustace lowered his sword, and the
line began to advance, lances held high.

A groan went up from our footmen, and more than one fellow
stole a nervous look back at us. Someone raised his pitchfork and
shouted a curse at the enemy.

When the Courtrace line was within 60 yards, their horses
cantered, picking up speed. The horses' hooves rumbled, and the

THREE PILLARS

ground shook. Our footmen began to look at one another in fear.
At 30 yards, the enemy knights lowered their lances, a glittering
thicket of deadly points.

At 20 yards, the enemy let out a roar, and their horses went into
a fast trot. Now they sounded like a roll of thunder bearing down on our
hapless peasants, and it was only our presence behind them that kept
them in place. Then at 10 yards, a trumpet blew a high, wild note, and
the Courtrace knights went to the gallop. A wall of horseflesh and steel
lance points crashed into the footmen, and the peasant formation
shattered like ice. Men were run through or trampled in the press, and
in moments the forelocks of the horses glistened in red. The knights let
their lances goand drew their swords to hack their way through. Hereand
there a brave footman fought well; an axe cut through a horse's neck, or
a pitchfork found a gap in a nobleman's armor. Within moments,
however, the footmen fled in every direction, throwing down the
weapons ina headlong rout. But the enemy line had been scattered in the
melee, and all the impetus had been taken from their charge.

Now Robert drew his sword; now came time for our revenge.
His blade swept down, and our line surged forward, close-knit as
Courtrace had been. We covered 10 yards, and stirred to a canter;
30 yards, and lowered our lances. Our enemy had seen us and now
knew that the footmen had hidden much of our numbers, but it was
too late. Our trumpet called, and we sprang into the charge.

I rode beside my lord, lance in hand, and roared my rage along
with the rest. In the moments before impact I picked out a man for
my target, who had turned to pull a lance from one of our fallen men.
He was not fast enough. My lance took him in the chest and lifted him
from the saddle; moments later my horse crashed into his, and all
around me rose the din of battle. I let the lance go and clawed out my
sword, twisting in the saddle to find another foe. There was no time
for fear, or even anger. Everything happened in the blink of an eye.

No other knight challenged me, and looking back, I was lucky
for it, because for all my wrath, I was yet only a squire, and not a
match for a knight with years in the saddle. The battle concluded in
moments. Not a single mercenary knight had escaped. More than a
score were captured, battered and broken, and were set aside to be
held for ransom. Sir Eustace had met with my lord the baron, and
such was Baron Robert's rage that he hacked the younger knight to
pieces. The baron ordered the enemy knight's head to be placed on
the end of a spear. Sergeants rounded up the scattered peasants while
we rode on to Petitmur. For our part, not more than 20 knights had
been slain, thanks to our strong coats of mail. It was the peasants who
bore the brunt of the killing. Nearly a third of our footmen were dead,
and a third again sorely wounded.

We came upon John's castle late in the afternoon, and Baron
Robert threw his army against the fortifications at once. There was
a fever in the ranks, the fury of warriors who had tasted blood and
were hungry for more. We cried Elaine's name and "Hautmont!
Hautmont!" as we stormed the barbican and rushed the castle gate.
The air sang with the flight of hundreds of arrows. Twice we
pressed forward, and twice the Courtrace men drove us back,
leaving a pile of bodies in our wake. Finally, the baron called the
army back, and the remaining footmen were put to work fashioning
battering rams. We would wait until nightfall.


The baron called his squires and the knights of his household to
his tent as night fell. Baron Robert's face was drawn, his eyes
sunken, but a fierce gleam burned there. When we assembled, he
looked into each face in turn. "Darkness has fallen. You know what
we will face when we make it inside the castle. Leave your shields
behind, and fight with a torch in your left hand. Stick it in the
monsters' faces and strike for their necks. My...wife commands that
the man called Guy de Montpassant be taken and bound in chains.
So be it, but if you love me as your lord let your first command be
to rescue my daughter." The baron pleaded with his eyes. "Find
Elaine, and let not one Courtrace man live through the night."

With that, we left the tent, and the baron commanded the
trumpets to be blown. We threw ourselves headlong at the gates of
Petitmur, piling our dead in heaps. By midnight the gates gave way
with a crash, and the real battle began.

Our armies tore at one another like maddened beasts,
beating a bloody path to the foot of Petitmur's donjon. When its
doors at last gave way, the undead vassals of Guy de Montpassant
waited within.

No word can describe the slaughter that followed. While we
had forced our way inside the castle, John of Courtrace and his sons
had surrendered themselves to Guy's dark Embrace, and fully a
score of vampire knights awaited us in the donjon. These were men
who had known nothing but the pursuit of arms since their
boyhood, and now had the strength of 10. Their blades flickered
like lightning in the dim light, and our knights fell, reaped like grain
to.ascythe. Our ranks wavered, and a great cry of despair went
up from our men. All might have been lost there and then, but
Baron Robert took up a boar spear and rallied our knights around
him. We bore the enemy back with sheer numbers, and one by one,
the fiends were pulled down and hacked to bits.

It was nearly dawn before the battle was done. The fighting
spread deep into the bowels of the donjon, and there in the
darkness, Guy de Montpassant and John of Courtrace escaped,
through some hidden passage we never could unearth. One barony
lay in ruins, and our combined army had been decimated. And still
the baroness' rival went free. The feud continued.

It was I who found Elaine, some time later, after the sun was
high in the sky. She had been left in an oubliette, wearing nothing
but her chemise in knee-deep water. I called for the baron and then
dropped down into the horrid chamber. Her body was like ice after

so long in the water, and she barely breathed.

Someone from above held down a torch, and the lady I loved
opened her eyes. She hissed in fear of the torchlight and clung to me.
The baron's daughter seemed to writhe in my arms, her face
nuzzling into my neck. Then I felt the fangs, like two thorns
pressing against my throat.

My heart broke at that moment. I looked up at the entry-hole
to the oubliette, and saw the baron's anguished face. I was ready
to die, to let her feed and at last leave this miserable existence
behind, but once again, Baron Robert's gaze pleaded with me.
"End it," he said. "For the love of God, end it."

They say I screamed like all the tortured souls of Hell as I
pushed Elaine away and raised my sword. Guy had not been so
subtle with Elaine as the baroness had been with me. He had forced
damnation upon her and left her to starve. There was no hint of
comprehension, no hint of sanity in her eyes as I bore down upon
her. The woman I loved was long gone, I told myself, as I began
the butcher's work. She was not here. She was not here...

We left Petitmur that day, a broken and bloody host. Baron
Robert ordered the castle to be put to the torch, and we turned our
backs on the nightmares we had seen.

Much later I stood before the baroness and recounted every
detail of the campaign. I waited for her to fly into a rage once she
learned that Guy had escaped. But instead, my mistress only
smiled.

"In truth, I had little hope of catching the weasel. It was
enough to humble him, to send him scurrying like the dog he is.
He'll not be a problem any time soon. You have done well,
Renauld. I think that you have earned your knighthood. Now go
and rest. Tomorrow I have an important errand for you to
undertake."

With that she dismissed me.

My body seemed to move of its own volition, carrying me out
into the night. I thought of Elaine, and Henry, and of the bloody
heaps at Petitmur. All because of the rivalry of monsters, and the
games of vengeance they played.

I went to the top of the donjon and looked out at the north of
France, sleeping under a silver moon. How many more of them
were out there, I wondered, haunting the halls of power and
advancing their cold schemes?

May God have mercy upon us all.

THOSE WHO WAR


N
:

Quote: You dare trespass in my halls and call me an abomination? Dismiss this
childish rabble and remember your station, priest. Or are you fool enough to tempt
my wrath?

Prelude: Your life was charted out in a conversation over your cradle, as
your father proposed your marriage to the son of a powerful neighbor. The
deal was arranged, and from that moment forward you were raised to
become a fitting wife for a baron. You learned to read and write, and
eventually memorized a wealth of romantic verse and literature to
entertain your prospective husband and castle guests. As you. grew
older, your mother taught you about the practical aspects of managing
a great castle and its subjects. You learned the lessons well, wearing
the mantle of authority like a comfortable cloak. Of course, your
mother abjured you to cling to the womanly virtues of subservience
and meekness, but you never really believed your husband would
dare demand such things. Subservience was for the common folk.
Your marriage came as a slap in the face. The baron took you,
wedded you, and promptly tried to forget about you. The truth was
that your husband was a fool, a gambler and a drunk who had already
squandered much of his family's wealth and was only interested in your
dowry. He sequestered you in one of the most inhospitable parts of the castle
and then returned to his life of iniquity. According to the laws of the land,

you were powerless to oppose him.
But one night a stranger appeared, asking for hospitality. This
mysterious knight came to you, after your husband had lost himself in his
wine, and spoke with outrage at the way you had been abused. You were
meant to rule, he said, not to serve. And there was a way to claim what
was your right and privilege, a way to power that had nothing to do
with petty mortal laws. He held out his hand to you, offering his gift,

and you did not hesitate.
Concept: You were literally born to rule. Your earliest memories
were being cared for by servants and issuing commands to the
household staff. Your entire childhood was spent learning the
practical issues of leadership and estate management. Then, after
more than 10 years of rigorous training, you were married toa fool
and expected to sit idly while he ran the estate into the ground.
Damnation seemed a small price to pay to escape from the living
Hell of shame and humiliation your life had become.
Roleplaying Hints: You are ambitious and arrogant, with
the kind of overpowering self-confidence that comes from
having the God-given right of life or death over your subjects.
Vassal lords and common folk are possessions, to be cared for
as such, but also to be used or sacrificed as necessary.

Equipment: Aging castle and estates


AMPIRE ==
‘THE DARK FiGES
| SAT ILE ES SLES LETS
Name: NATURE: Tyrant GENERATION: 77th
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: J xtocrat HAVEN:
CHRONICLE CLAN: Toreador CONCEPT: Baroness
ATTRIBUTES
PuysicAL SocIAL MENTAL
Strength. @00000 Charisma @@@000 Perception__@@®0000
Dexterity. @®0000 Manipulation. @@0ee@00 Intelligence. 000
Stamina @@000 = Appearance. @e@e@000 Wits @@e@000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting @@0000 Animal Ken 000000 _ Academics____®00000
Alertness. @00000 Archery. 000000 _ Hearth Wisdom__o 00000
Athletics. OO00000 Crafts. @@0000 Investigation. 000000
Brawl OO0O0O0OO § Etiquette @@@e@000 Law @00000
Dodge. @00000_ Herbalism. 000000 Linguistics 000000
Empathy. @@@000 Melee 000000 Medicine. 000000
Intimidation. @00000 Music. @@0000 = Cccult 000000
Larceny. 000000 Ride. @00000 Politics. @@e@000
Leadership. @@0000 Stealth @00000 Science___—=—0 00000
Subterfuge. @@000 Survival 000000 __ Seneschal. @@e@e000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Auspev. e@000 ‘eneratipn @0000 :
Presence @00000 Sas ope Come #2220
Dominate @00000 _Retainers __@®0000 Self-Control. eee0e0
O0O0G00 2 45 £ Ein 9 G19 00
000000 00000 _ Courage @@e@00
== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
000000 Ftumanity Bruised O
000000 Hi 10
e@e@ae@aee@eeedodood ure
000000 Injured 10
000000 ———WitpowER Wounded -2 O
000000 Mauled 2-4
000000 @@@e@000000 Crippled asa C3]
000000 pnynnooOoOooOoOOd Incapacitated Oo
000000
000000 =——Br00p Poo. === WEAKNESS
000000
ooooog UUOOOAI oo
000000 [ OoOoo0o0o00
a

CD

tm

=

o



Olord ourelord, thy namehove merveillous
3s in this large voorld ysprad, qu0csd she
Sor nogft cony thy laude precious
Kenfourned is 6y men of dsignitee,

But by the mouth of childcen thy bountee
- Geolleery Chaucer, Canterbury Gales


Heaven and Hell are certain.

You will spend perhaps 70 years in this world, and forever
in the next. Forever. The forever may be an endless ecstasy, or
an eternal torment. It is your piety during your three score
years and ten that determines your fate. And while piety is
owed to God, it is only through his earthly agency that it may
be expressed. That earthly agency is the Church Universal,
the Church of Peter.

Thisisno threat. The Church does notseek to scare you into
acceptance of its claims— ithasno need, foreveryone knows that
what the Church preaches is true. And since no man can afford
not to consider how he may spend eternity, all men must express
their piety to the Lord through devotion to His Church on Earth.
Foraman who doesnot doso faces the very real risk of Hell; while
a pious and godly man may dare to hope for Heaven.

The Church's power is absolute and all-encompassing, for
it comes from God Himself. It transcends kings and princes —
creatures of sand, whose time comes and goes like any man's. It
exposes false gods — creatures of air — for the deceivers they
are. It is the source of the only eternal truths the world knows.

Eternal truth. This is the rock of faith upon which Jesus
built his Church.

Who else can claim such an estate?

THE Rock OF PETER

It would be misleading to'say that the Dark Medieval
Church is built on certainty, for the same reason that it would
be misleading to say that the 20th century economy is built on
money. Everyone — except heretics and heathens — takes
certainty for granted: It is an assumption so basic that it goes
unsaid by all right-thinking people. The people of the Dark
Medieval world know that God exists, and that the Bible is a
source of unquestionable truth.

The Church's role is instead to manage that certainty. It
is an intermediary between God and humanity: It is granted
a knowledge of the divine that is denied to the ordinary man
or woman, and it uses that knowledge to lead humankind
closer to God.

The Church is at the center of the Dark Medieval world.
It affects almost every aspect of the life of every man, woman.
and child in Europe, from cradle to grave. Most people, rich
and poor alike, are baptized in church, attend Mass every
Sunday of their lives, are married by a priest and are finally
buried in Church ground.

This universal influence derives from the absolute cer-
tainty that people have in the Church's teachings. Life on
Earth is nasty, brutish and often short, and only by being a
good Christian is it going to get any better after you die. People
know that after death their souls are literally weighed on the
balance by God, and they will be carried off to Heaven or Hell
according to how they have lived. Dark Medieval society feels
a genuine terror of Hell: It is no mere scare-story, but a real
place, only a heartbeat away at any time.

THREE PILLARS

FAITH

Faith is like a beacon, frightening creatures of the night
back into their shadows. The Church keeps the beacon
burning bright. Not only are the men and women of the
Church strong in faith, but their preaching and teaching
inspire faith in others — and the Church is therefore the
one force in the Dark Medieval world that even the vam-
pires cannot bend wholly to their own purposes. They
would love to see the light extinguished and the world sunk
into a truly dark age.

Faith in God isall that stands between mankind anda fate
in which human beings would be cattle — mere meat animals
to be culled for food or entertainment — and the vampires
would be unchallenged lords of the night. With the Church
dismantled, subverted or rendered impotent, the power of the
Cainites would be unchecked.

Faith is the rock on which the red tide breaks. It is a rock
that most vampires would desperately like to see eroded.

THEME AND Moop

The Church can play many roles in Vampire: The Dark
Ages. In some chronicles, it exists as something of a cipher,
part of the scenery that never comes to the forefront of the
story. In others, it plays a significant role, at least part of the
time, and the Storyteller needs to consider how to depict it.
Is the Church the friend of mortals and the enemy of
vampires? Or is it a corrupt, power-hungry political force to
whom vampires are simply more powerful allies or victims?

Asa player, you may wish to portray a character with a
Church background. In this case, you should make sure that
your ideas coincide with your Storyteller's. It's no good
creating a character who was excommunicated for exposing
systematic high-level corruption in the Church if the
chronicle relies on the concept that the Church is basically
benevolent and honest.

The mood of these essays is a positive one: renaissance.
The 10th to the 13th centuries, for the Church at least, was
a time of massive renewal and growth. A weak and aging
institution rediscovered itself and its sense of purpose, and
it rode a wave of religious feeling to become the greatest
kingdom in Europe since the fall of Rome. In the wake of
this renewal — and perhaps helping to lead it — came a
great spiritual, cultural and philosophical rebirth. When
you come to involve the Church in the chronicle, whether
as player or Storyteller, you cannot help but take account of
the vast changes going on in the religious landscape. The
Church swaggers with confidence: A few years from now,
the great Pope Innocent III demands fealty from kings and
princes, and he receives it.

This very confidence has, however, led to stagnation and
arrogance in Dark Medieval Europe. Arrogance, in turn, leads
to absolutism, and absolutism to terror. The same confidence
that enables Innocent II] to claim rulership over the kings of


the world enables him to demand a crusade into Europe itself,
to bloodily wipe out a heretic sect. The glory of Rome bears a
shadow of the darkness to come.

In all too many ways, the Church's renaissance is an
empty one, driven by greed rather than by faith. It stands to
reason that many Church officials are not particularly faith-
ful Christians — historically, one Italian bishop even admitted
that he did not believe in Christianity, and that he had taken
the office "because of its riches and honors." This is a
tempting way to portray the Church in your chronicle, but
remember that Christian faith is what makes the Church
distinctive, and think carefully before discarding it.

More honest is the renaissance at the Church's humble
roots. While great cathedrals and monasteries spring up
around Europe, the Cistercian heirs of Benedict pursue a
truer spiritual aesthetic on the dark edges of civilization.
This is renewal with a difference — a rebirth of the soul
rather than of the flesh.

For vampires, of course, the Church's renaissance is
easily seen as a dangerous tide of faith. Instead of glorious
religious art, literature and thought of the period, or the
purifying determination of the Church reformers, the Church
may embody a dark, threatening force, systematically driv-
ing Cainites out of the civilized lands into terra incognita. The
Church is vast, monolithic and seemingly unstoppable.
Although this depiction of the Church appears to fit the

mood of Vampire: The Dark Ages very well, it may be overly
familiar to some players: Try to find a new and interesting
twist on it. For example, instead of a slow, inexorable tide,
model the Church on a wild fire — leaping from place to
place, unexpectedly flaring up again after being suppressed
and illuminating even the darkest corners of Europe with the
flames of faith.

There are two main themes in what follows. The two
are closely related.

The first theme is the dilemma with which the Church
presents vampires. Vampires have always known the power
of religion to control mortals — witness the number of them
who have posed as pagan gods. In the Catholic Church, this
power is doubled: Not only does the Church hold total
religious control over Europe, but it also dominates lay power
politics. It can make or break imperial candidates, influence
the course of empires and force monarchs to come to it as
vassals. Any Cainite with a power-hungry bone in her body
would love to seize the papacy for her pawns, but she would
find it more difficult than she anticipated. With the renais-
sance has come new faith — still rare, it is true, but enough
tomake the Church a very uncomfortable place for a vampire
to be. The Holy City of Rome itself is braved only by those
truly consumed by a desire for power — or, of course, the truly
pious. In this is an accurate metaphor for the Dark Medieval
Church as a whole.

THOSE WHO PRAY


The history of vampires in the Church is one of tentative
approaches, brief successes and sudden disasters. Lust and fear
balance delicately in the Cainite mind, and the Church excites
both emotions to extremes. A vampire lusts after the power that
is there to be seized — and fears the danger involved in seizing it.

The second, closely related theme is the triumph of
human faith and integrity over vampiric corruption. In many
spheres, mortals have been the unwitting pawns of Cainites in
their endless plots. Because of the Cainites' difficulties in
penetrating the Church, it has largely remained free of their
influence. Its present success is the result of human inspiration
and the human spiritual urge, not merely the outward sign of
some vast vampiric plot. The Church is a reminder to vampires
that their power is not limitless, and that mortals cannot
always be relied on to remain as cattle.

This threat disturbs some Cainites. Their docile kine
have inadvertently taken up arms and marched against their
secret masters. To others, however, it is an affirmation. Clans
like the Toreador and the Ventrue see their role as farmers as
muchas predators, while factions such as the Prometheans go
even further in their belief that mortals are the Cainites'
near-equals. The triumph of the Church proves to them that
their human protégés are worthwhile subjects, not mere
cattle, as other clans like to treat them. Free of vampiric
intervention, humans have proved themselves capable of
great feats of inspiration and leadership — and their talent
should be treasured rather than oppressed.

Srory SEEDS

The theme of dilemma is an obvious story hook. All
stories need tension, and the tension between desire and fear
is a classic character issue. It recurs in every story where the
hero must take risks to achieve his ends. In a way, the stories
are almost too obvious: Lasombra characters want to make
inroads into the power of a Ventrue baron, so they plan to turn
the bishop of the diocese, but they fear that some of the
bishop's assistants have True Faith; Tremere characters want
to raid the library of a great abbey for sorcerous manuscripts,
but they fear becoming trapped even for a day in a busy
community of holy men and women. Dilemma is an effective
theme for stories, and it will certainly be an important element
in many, but it is rarely enough to sustain an entire story on its
own. (By the way, it is important for the Storyteller to
remember that True Faith is a rare merit, even in the Church.
It is tempting to beef up Christian antagonists with "just a dot
or two" of True Faith, but this is not only cruel to the players,
it devalues the background. And when you do give a character
True Faith, be scrupulous about playing that faith.)

Just as obvious is that the human success story that is
recent Church history can lead to confrontations between
vampires and mortals — or between rival vampire factions.
Cainites attempting to subvert the Church, or a Church
office, expect human opposition or opposition from en-
trenched rival clans, but what if they discover that the Brujah


who held them off has been equally hostile to her own clan's
infiltration? Further investigation might lead them to a
conspiracy of Christian vampires who, far from trying to gain
ascendancy over the Church, are fighting a secret war to
defend it from manipulation by any faction. Perhaps they are
Prometheans who don't want the Inconnu to gain control of
anew pawn, or perhaps they are honest Christians who don't
want to see God's work corrupted by soulless cadavers.

Many subsidiary themes can also give rise to stories. The
contrast between asceticism and luxury — the purification of
the spirit and the pampering of the flesh — could motivate
either spiritually-minded characters or those who want to
defend their creature comforts.

For advanced troupes, the Church is also a rich source of
metaphor and symbolism. Churches and other paraphernalia
of Christianity could symbolize a thematic aspect of the
chronicle such as the triumph of hope over despair, or a
concrete one such asa Promethean conspiracy. Alternatively,
asymbol such as a censer or the sign of the fish could symbolize
the influence of the Church. Metaphorically, the Church
represents history and learning — and, by extension, memory
and wisdom — as well as religion itself. If you want to pursue
this metaphorical angle, then root all of your Church-related
stories in history — make every character, every artifact, every
text resonate with the ages. For more about this, see the
discussion of wraiths in Church chronicles, on page 51.

Tue Mitts or Gop

The Dark Medieval Church has, as an organization, little
or no knowledge of Cainites. Nevertheless, by its very pres-
ence, it is a threat to every vampire in Europe. Its inexorable
growth inevitably means that it frequently, if inadvertently,
claims vampire territories for its own.

Don't make the arrival of the Church on the characters'
doorstep a one-off conflict. The gradual encroachment of the
Church into the domain of a Gangrel or Tzimisce coterie
could make a chronicle in itself, beginning with the appoint-
ment of a priest (probably swiftly dispatched) and with the
founding of a small Cistercian house (which, being protected
by some measure of faith, proves more difficult). Then, work-
ing up through increasing popular acceptance of the Church
and the rise of a firebrand populist preacher, and ending with
atitanic clash of wills between the region's Cainite predators
and the Church incarnate in one of its high officials, come to
bless a grand new church.

In more civilized areas, the Church is already universal in
aspiritual sense, but its holdings continue to grow. Nobles, for
example, frequently donate land to the Church in order to
ensure their salvation. Once in a while, the Church will find
itself contesting its new acquisition with the resident vampire.
More sinister is a Cainite who has managed to acquire high
influence within the Church and who could visit nobles and
"persuade" them — for the sake of their souls — to make
donations, indirectly denyingher rivals their hunting grounds.

LEXICON

Abbey — A large monastic house.
Anchorite — Someone who has retreated from
Ls ge.
the world in order to,pursue s ‘ontemplation.
Female is anchoress,

and possi
Regt
parish, res

extension,
clergyman.
papacy. _

Vicar parish church
that belongs toa reli « JUnlike a rector,
who receives all the income from his parish, a vicar
receives a stipend from the religious house, which

keeps the rest of the income for itself.

CINHOLY BLOOD

From its very beginning, the children of Caine have
sought to exploit and subvert the power of the Church.
Religion has always had a profound grip on the human heart,
and the vampires, supreme manipulators that they are, have
never failed to take advantage of this.

In pre-Christian times, early Cainites set themselves up as
gods on Earth, commanding cults, sects or even nations.
Christianity was not conducive to this particular technique, of
course, but hungry vampires soon found other ways to take
advantage of this new religion. The secrecy of the early
Christian cults of Rome — and their fondness for meeting in
underground catacombs — made them natural herds for vam-
pires. Charismatic and compelling, vampire "priests" brought
many converts into the cults they had taken over. These cults
grew large and influential, though the vampires' understand-

THOSE WHO PRAY


able reclusiveness means that Church history has little to say
about them. Their leaders prospered, feeding off an endless
supply of converts and building their secret principalities.

This was the beginning of vampiric power within the
Church, but it demonstrated the same factionalism that
would forever deny the vampires effective control. Each tiny
cult formed around one vampire, and each vampire bitterly
fought the attempts of other Cainites to gain influence over
his circle. (The leaders of the vampire cults were almost
exclusively male, though female vampires were able to cul-
tivate the cults of the Virgin Mary.) An effective federation
of the Roman cults could easily have enabled vampires to
seize the future papacy, but deep mutual distrust between
both individuals and clans prevented any chance of alliance.
Asa result, it was the mortal majority who cleaved together
to control the early Church.

They never lost that control. The Church, despite
constant infiltration, always remained stubbornly resis-
tant, a bastion of the mortal — or perhaps of the divine.
The rock of faith on which the Church was founded always
proved too durable.

THE CINDERGROUND
STREAM

Despite their inability to win control of the Church,
Cainites have been involved in the Christian religion ever
since it first arrived in Rome. Their presence in the Church

has been significant, but submerged, only occasionally surfac-
ing to become visible.

Tue Earty Days

Although St. Paul, the first great Christian missionary,
came to Rome in A.D. 60, the authorities vigorously op-
posed the new religion for a long time. The Roman Empire
was religiously tolerant in general, preferring to assimilate
and espouse the gods of the people they conquered. But
Christianity could not be treated that way. First, it was
stubbornly monotheistic, insisting that all gods except its
own were false. Secondly, Christianity challenged the
authority of the Roman state. Christians insisted that the
kingdoms of God and the world were quite different. They
refused to make sacrifices to the emperor or (in later days,
when emperors began to claim godhead) to acknowledge
his divinity.

Christianity took root in Rome in the years after Paul,
but it was repeatedly persecuted by the state. Just four years
after Paul, Nero began the suppression of Christianity. From
A.D. 81 to 117, Domitian and then Trajan continued the
work. Christians responded by going underground — often
ina literal sense. Because few others went to the catacombs
of Rome, the early Christians frequently met there. Inevita-
bly, some met with the other inhabitants of the darkness —
those who saw a means of subverting their enemies above
ground in these mortals.

THREE PILLARS

Rome was a stronghold of the Ventrue clan in the imme-
diate post-Christian era, and though many other clans could
be found there — the more refined vampire lords, for example,
gladly accepted the Toreador as decorative but not dangerous
— any attempts to usurp control of city and empire were
crushed without mercy or compunction. The Ventrue's hold
on the machinery of temporal authority, though fractious
(witness the many internal conflicts of the Roman Empire),
was nigh absolute. Most clans accepted this, taking advantage
of the Ventrue's success rather than trying to upset it. Apart
from the usual flies in the ointment — the perpetually anar-
chistic Ravnos and the pernicious Followers of Set — the only
clans seeking to overturn Ventrue power were the Brujah and
the Lasombra. The honest warriors of the Brujah attacked
Rome via an endless, hopeless series of minor uprisings and
border wars. The Lasombra sought a safer, subtler and more
effective method — through the Christian cults.

Therefore, while they were by no means the only clan to
exploit the increasing popularity of Christianity, the Lasombra
certainly did so in the most systematic way. They regarded the
nascent Church not only asa valuable feeding ground, but also
as a trap into which they could lure powerful victims. Once
"converted" to the Lasombra's peculiarly self-serving version
of Christianity, these citizens sought tirelessly to bring their
fellows round to their new religion, and they worked against
the authority of the traditional gods — thus, subtly undermin-
ing the authority of the Ventrue.

Inevitably, other clans were also active in the early
Christian community. The Nosferatu, of course, had lived
below ground for decades and gladly took advantage of the
fearful, secretive Christians' use of the catacombs. The infer-
nal Baali labored ceaselessly to pervert the evolution of
Christian dogma. (Their main efforts, however, were concen-
trated in the Near East rather than in Rome. They, therefore,
had more influence over fringe cults and heresies than over the
main Church.) The Toreador, recognizing a beautiful tale of
transfiguration when they saw one, became inadvertent pros-
elytizers. But it was the Lasombra who saw Christianity's
potential as a rival power structure to the secular authority of
the Ventrue. The Lasombra worked hard to draw new recruits,
especially from the upper classes, into their cults.

The Lasombra scheme had, however, one fatal and ironic
flaw. Christian converts had a great deal of faith in their God
— they had to, in order to stand by Him while their religion
was persecuted by the Roman authorities. Although the vam-
pires had abused this faith and turned it to their own ends, the
converts' belief and certainty was still genuine. The very piety
on which the vampire priests played repelled them, making
them uncomfortable in the presence of their own circles, and
even prevented them from drinking the blood of their herds.

As they had seized the best of the early pickings, the
Lasombra faced the worst of this new crisis. The Baali had so
distorted the divine message that their cultists never came close
to any true faith. The Nosferatu understood and sympathized


with the persecution of the Christians, for they too had been
hounded and driven underground by their fellows for the sin
of being different. In Christ's promise to take the sins of the
world on his shoulders, and in his transfiguration from mortal
flesh to perfected spirit, they saw hope of redemption. Many
Nosferatu were therefore touched by the faith of those they
preyed on, and they came eventually to espouse it. But the

mortals' religion was nothing but a convenient bait to many
Lasombra, and they were utterly unprepared for its true power.

Over the years, the Lasombra were slowly driven out of
the cults. Even as their followers begged the "priests" to
remain, their faith forced the Cainites away. Meanwhile, the
growing network of Christians came together into what would
become the Church of Rome.

The opposing urges of hunger for power and fear of faith
characterized the attitude of most vampires, especially Clan
Lasombra, toward the Church for centuries to come. Tanta-
lized by the possibilities of control, but unable to penetrate the
walls of faith that surrounded the Church, vampires hovered
around the edges, claiming minor positions in the hierarchy
and corrupting a few major officia

Tue DEATH OF THE OLD Gops

The Ventrue, too, had fatally miscalculated. They
believed initially that Christianity was yet another cult,
one that would attract only a few crackpots and trouble-
makers before quickly fading away. If it did become
successful, they reasoned, they could always accommodate
it — after all, the Roman state religion had served them
well, and it would hardly be difficult to change horses in
midstream. The infighting between the Lasombra cults and
the doctrinal crises of the second century disguised the true
influence of Christianity in Rome and its growing hold on
the city's mortal masters; and, of course, the Lasombra did
not tell the Ventrue of the dangerous faith that Christian-
ity inspired. The Ventrue were therefore shocked when,
some 250 years after the birth of Christ, they discovered the
true extent of Christianity in Rome — and the vast threat
it posed to their own control.

The first general persecution of Christians began under
Decius's rule in A.D. 249, and this lasted two years. The
emphasis was not on wholesale slaughter — comparatively
few Christians were martyred — but rather on driving people
away from the faith. Valerian carried out a second general
persecution in 257-8, with similar effects. In 260, the Ventrue
apparently felt the threat had been contained: They allowed
an Edict of Toleration to be pronounced, and 40 years of peace
between the Roman state and the Christian Church followed.

They were wrong. In those 40 years, the Church not only
recovered, it consolidated its position and converted the
leaders of Rome with ever-increasing zeal. At the beginning of
the fourth century, the desperate Ventrue initiated a final
persecution through Diocletian. Although it lasted eight
years, it could not save them.


The conflict ended with the conversion of the Emperor
Constantine. He issued the Milan Edict of Toleration in A.D. 313,
which guaranteed religious freedom and equality for Christianity,
returned Church property and abolished the cults of the state. The
Ventruc still held many levers of power, but Christian faith meant
that Rome would never again be unconditionally theirs.

AFTER THE FALL

After the fall of the Roman empire, temporal and spiritual
power in Europe diffused. The declared primacy of the Roman
bishop and the legacy of the empire meant that Rome retained
some vestiges of authority, but this was mainly symbolic. In
practice, local and national churches were largely indepen-
dent of Rome. More importantly, they were greatly dependent
on lay authority. Although kings and lords supported the
Church — after all, they risked damnation if they did not do
so — they preferred a Church that answered to them rather
than some other authority. Appointments therefore rested in
the hands of relevant local rulers.

The Lasombra clan, already deeply entwined with both
Church and nobility, used this period to reinforce its presence
in the Church. Although clerical faith made direct control
difficult, it was easy for Lasombra counselors to "advise" a king
to make the correct appointment. Once a mortal puppet was
in place as a bishop or other high Church official, he could
make further appointments to spread Lasombra influence.

Why did the Lasombra care about infiltrating the Church?
First, the clan understood the tremendous hold Christianity had
over the mass of people. If the religion that now dominated
Europe could be bent to their will, their power would be unlim-
ited. Secondly, many nobles looked tothe Church for confirmation
of their authority — their rule was affirmed by divine right. Thus,
with the Church under their control, the Lasombra could use this
seemingly harmless piety to challenge the Ventrue on their home
ground. In their great game of politics, the Lasombra saw the
Church as a secret weapon. The voice of God could strike at any
target — unexpectedly and without fear of contradiction.

The Lasombra were not, of course, alone in the Church. Many
pious Nosferatu continued to find sanctuary there, while some
Brujah and Toreador saw it as the best hope for preserving the
knowledge and culture of Rome through a barbarous age. (Defend-
ing the remnants of the hated destroyer of Carthage wasa bitter pill
indeed for the Brujah to swallow, but better that than see centuries
of art and learning wiped out altogether.) But it was the Ventrue
who represented the main opposition to the Lasombra's schemes.
With their influence in the nobility of Europe, they also sought to
appoint their own candidates to Church offices.

Because both of the major factions were only partially
successful, and because each spent as much effort undermining
the other as building its own power base, vampiric influence
over the Church remained intermittent and fragmented
throughout the ninth century. The outcome favored the
Lasombra in Southern Europe and in many of the higher
Church offices, with Ventrue candidates occupying several
bishoprics in England, France and Germany.


SCHOLARS AND SOLDIERS

From the fall of Rome through to the end of the 12th
century, the Bfijalihayefeleobliged todefend the Church
because it has \always"beén-the ast-repository of the
learningof GreeceandReme:Atthesame time, they have
been acutely aware that ih daingso they are defending the
remnants‘of Rome‘itself? the'city that destroyed their
beloved Carthage: The Zealots quarrel over their clan's
attitude toward the Chiirch =~ thé more scholarly ones
value it as thé onesource of editeation,and-culture in a
barbarous world) While the warriors of the claxr insist that

the destruction e Must Hof go unpunished.
ihixture' of the two-emotions.
Those whodte activein the Church generally promote its
intellectual-and philosophical activities, while trying to

restrain its insatiable growth intoa few Roman Empire.
AsInnocentIlI comes tothe throne, the Brujah learn that
the hated enemy is once again at the zenith of its power.

A New Dawn

Toward the end of the 10th century, Europe pulled itself
back together after the chaos of Rome's collapse. In the
process, the Cainites of the West found the status quo ante
almost restored: The Ventrue wielded the majority of political
power, and the Lasombra hada slender, but potentially telling,
grip on much of the Church.

The major change over the course of the 11 thcentury was
the emergence of the Toreador as an important faction within
the Church. The Artisans gained a great deal of influence in
the English Church behind the backs of squabbling Ventrue
nobility, consolidated their power in France and quietly

Tue CHURCH AND VIE

Many vampiric Roads have a basis in Christian-
ity. These Roadsare mote phildsophical systems than
religious ones, and adherentsdon'gneed to participate
in the activities of the Church — either for or against.
Nevertheless, vamipires wha adapt these Roads gener-
ally do so as-aresult of their religiouS Convictions in
life. For vamapires on- the;Roads ‘of Heaven and the
Devil, therefore} anid for many onthe Road of Human-
ity, the doctrines of ‘the | may continue to be
importantito their! hie belief systems;

It is possible that somé vampités have" ‘developed
new quasi-feligidtis Roads, based on new interpretations
of Christianity, orthe Varicusheresies of theperiod. The
Storyteller should' ¢ongider. this' very:carefully before
introducing such hew Roads: A Road is a philosophical
system allowing a vampire tormanage the Beast Within,
nota license to write one's own moral code.

acquired a number of important Church offices around Eu-
rope. They were able to make such progress with comparatively
little opposition for two reasons: the new importance of the
monasteries, where the clan already had many members, and
the complacency of the Lasombra, who had been content to
regard them as irrelevant cowards with no interest in contest-
ing the real power of the organization.

During the same period, however, mortal reformers under-
took a process that would utterly transform the Dark Medieval
Church, from an arm of the state dependent on the favors of
lords and princes to an empire that claimed the world as its
dominion and kings as its subjects. This transformation and
renewal swept aside much of the vampires' laboriously acquired
gains in the Church, and left even their well-entrenched
control over mortal temporal power weakened and fragile.

THE OTHER CLANS

The Ventrue and Lasombra have struggled for power within
the Church, and the Toreador have unexpectedly overtaken both
of them in recent times. Most other clans, though, have a less
systematic interest in the Church, but few can ignore it.

The Assamites, Gangrel and Ravnos have little to do with
the Church. True, the Assamites are involved in the Crusades,
new Cistercian monasteries occasionally intrude on Gangrel
territory and the Ravnos know that high Church officials are
rich enough that they won't miss a pretty bauble or two; but
these clans have minimal actual involvement in the Church.

The Brujah have no designs on the Church. If anything,
they wish to keep it free from the influence of the other clans.
Brujah often believe that, as the guardian of human knowledge
and human spirituality (at least in this part of the world), the
Church must be a willing party to any new Carthage. Cainites
and kine must exist together in prosperity, and with Rome's
present ascendancy it seems impossible that this could happen
without the Church's blessing. Those of the Brujah who are
not busy preparing for some impossible personal crusade re-
spect the Church, and especially the monasteries, for keeping
the flame of learning alive in the Dark Medieval world, and for
preserving classical knowledge and writings for the renais-
sance that they know must come.

The Cappadocians share something of the Brujah's interest
in the Church's repositories of ancient lore, and their interest in
the spirit world reinforces this. The prevalence of the Road of
Heaven in the clan means that many Cappadocians practice
Christianity. Despite Cappadocius's original vocation as a priest
and his secret pursuit of a Christian apotheosis, the Graverobbers
have no organized presence in the Church hierarchy — they
belong more to graveyards than to great offices — but Church
theology and knowledge is valuable to them. Many Cappadocians
are priests, monks or nuns, but they pursue personal religious
vocations rather than trying to conquer the Church bureaucracy.
The majority of clan members have a great deal of respect for the
Church, and they dislike the way that the more political clans are
trying to turn it into another battleground for the Jyhad.

THOSE WHO PRAY


Many Nosferatu are also Christians. Individuals in the
clan are surprisingly devout, seeing the Christian promise of
salvation as the hope of redemption from their curse. Most are
content to worship and to lead virtuous lives, though their
deformities make it difficult for them to participate fully in the
Church in any capacity.

Some Malkavians have been mistaken for saints and
prophets, and have thus had a dramatic influence on many
local churches over the centuries. The clan asa whole appears
to have little formal interest in the Church.

The Tremere, though their minds are mostly on other
things, share the Brujah's interest in the Church's scholarship.
Like the Zealots, many of those who have left their strong-
holds have taken to making their havens in monasteries. In
the long-term, they are well aware of the power — both
political and Thaumaturgical — that they could attain through
the Church, but at the moment, survival is their main priority.

The Tzimisce are in a similar position. Their ancestral
lands are threatened by the Tremere, so they have little time
to worry about the Church. A few voivodes do, however, see its
value as a weapon in their war against the Usurpers, and they
attempt to direct its eastern branch toward the "evil" vampire
infestation. Subtlety, however, does not come naturally to the
Fiends, and the Church is an unnatural vehicle for their pagan
thought. The Tzimisce's contempt and disregard for Chris-
tianity have dangerously blinded most of them to the increasing
Christianization of their territories: The Church is undermin-
ing the old gods, and Tzimisce rule with them.

The Followers of Set and the Baali stand fast against every-
thingthe Church holdsdear. The Setites have been most successful
in tuming individual irreligious officials from benign freeloaders
into venal and grasping simoniacs and parasites. No doubt the
Setites would love to take their corruption to the heart of the
Church, perverting the entire organization, but they have been
unable to do so. The Baali have engaged in a systematic program.
of corruption and destruction on behalf of their infernal masters,
but this has been executed from outside the Church. The wicked
bloodline has had absolutely no success in infiltrating the Church
and corrupting it from within. (Unless, of course, you subscribe to
the heretical Cathar belief that the Church is the instrument not
of God but of the Devil...but that way madness lies.)

One other clan — though it is a clan no longer — must be
mentioned. The Salubri, childer of Saulot who bared his neck to
the usurper Tremere, are creatures of peace and righteousness.
Leadetless and alone, poised for extermination by the Tremere,
a few Salubri look desperately for safety in the Church. Perhaps
some Toreador abbess, more enlightened than her fellows, may
see past the physical deformity and the urge for blood, and permit
a Salubri refugee to make a nunnery her home; perhaps some
Lasombra bishop might perceive the holiness ofa childe of Saulot
and offer him protection in the bosom of Mother Church. The
Nosferatu think they know how likely that is to happen — but
unlike the Nosferatu, the Salubri have the goodwill of many
Toreador, and through them the Pope...

THREE PILLARS

Story SEEDS

There are enmities born in the catacombs of Rome that
shape the unlives of Cainites even tonight. Vampires are old,
old creatures, and they nurse their hatreds and their debts.

The players' characters, often youthful and weak as vam-
pires go, could become unwitting pawns of their elders. And
even those elders may be pawns in the secret wars of the
survivors of Rome. It is all too easy for neonates to be caught
up in what seems to them to be a vital conflict over present-
night Cainite politics, only to find that deeper down it is an act
of vengeance for a thousand-year-old slight.

CLAN STorIES

If all of the players' characters are of the same clan, or of
clans with a compatible approach to the Church (say, Ventrue
and Toreador, or Brujah and Cappadocian — and perhaps
even Tremere), then stories can be built around the clans'
attitudes toward Rome and its dominions.

For example, perhaps a province of the Church is believed to
have been amicably carved up between the Ventrue and the
Toreador, but the Ventrue secular lords have recently found that
some officials have turned against them. In addition to their own
retainers, the Ventrue might call on their Toreador allies to help
investigate the problem. Or, perhapsa group of Cappadociansand
Tremere might band together to steal the magical secrets of the
monastery that the players' characters have made their home.

Characters who are involved with the Church, but in a
way of which their clans might not approve, offer further story
hooks. Does the clan ignore this rebellious behavior? If not,
whataction do they take? What if others in the clan follow the
character's lead? When the character encounters other Cainites
in the process of her dealings with the Church, do they judge
heron her own deeds or on her clan's reputation? For example,
imagine a fanatical Brujah whose sire, having lived through
the destruction of Carthage, filled him with a passionate
hatred for Rome. While a large number of Brujah wish to
preserve the Roman legacy of scholarship, this character
might seize every opportunity to destroy centers of Roman
learning like monasteries and cathedral schools.

OTHER
SUPERNATURALS

The only supernatural creatures other than vampires who
are prevalent in the 12th-century Church are clerical mages—
the tradition that evolves into the Celestial Chorus. Cainites
pursuing an interest in the Church may encounter these mages
occasionally, at every level, from humble monk or rector to
archbishop or cardinal. The scope for Church-related stories
involving other supernatural creatures is limited.

If you want to bring werewolves into a Church-related
chronicle, the best way to do it may be as antagonists to the
Church. As Christianity spreads eastward, it is easy to


imagine a sept of Shadow Lords fighting tooth and claw to
prevent humans from defiling a caern with their "chapel."
(Remember that Christian churches are often built on
pagan sites of worship, with the intention of both sup-
pressing and assimilating the old faith.) If the players'
characters are Tzimisce, they may even share the Shadow
Lords' aims. (Just as long as they don't try to share their
personal space....) The Red Talons, inimical to humans
even at the best of times, might concentrate their attacks
on those humans who worship the human God instead of
the spirits of Gaia.

Wraiths offer perhaps the most interesting complement
tovampires, for both are repositories of history and memory.
The memory of a wraith filters through her Passions, and that
of a vampire through her hunger. The Church, too, is a
repository of history, for the Church has the longest legacy
of any human institution in Europe. A very old wraith's
Fetters may, for example, be treasured relics or classical
manuscripts, forgotten in a monastery somewhere or locked
away in the cellars of the papal palace.

THE SEE OF ROME

The Dark Medieval world is a venue of profound reform
for the Roman Church. The papacy has become the supreme
spiritual and even temporal authority of Western Europe by
the end of the 12th century. Rome has forced local rulers to
relinquish prized privileges to the Church, and she soon

claims even the right to appoint and remove kings. It is
during this period that the papacy takes the shape it retains
right up to the 20th century.

The role of the vampires in this transformation is am-
biguous. During the course of the reform, the papacy inevitably
becomes another piece in the Cainites' eternal power games,
though one which the vampires find much harder to control
than the petty lords and princes who are their usual pawns.
Some Cainites try to stem the reform, believing that a
Church revitalized by true Christian faith is the greatest
enemy they could face. Others encourage it, pointing out
that the atmosphere of superstitious religious purity keeps
the kine fearful and cowed — easy prey. To most, however,
it is another dramatic setback to their plans for control.
Unintentionally, the reform of the Church purges many
vampires from its corrupt ranks.

At present, the Church knows little about the activities
of the Cainites. Those few officials who become aware of the
vampiric curse are quickly removed, Dominated or discred-
ited in accordance with the Sixth Tradition, the Silence of
Blood. Vampires who eke out unlives within the clergy are
well aware of the risks they take, and they behave with due
caution. The Church's ignorance is the only thing that keeps
it controllable; in later years, as Pope Innocent III and his
successors begin to detect and root out Cainite influence, the
Church will be on its guard.


PapAL REFORM

In order to understand the position of the papacy in 1197,
it is necessary to know a little history.

Acthe turn of the second millennium A.D., the papacy
was little more than a local bishopric invested with a spuri-
ous authority by a series of emperors who wished to
demonstrate their Christian credentials by supporting the
inheritor of Peter. Worse still, the emperors only supported
Popes of their own choosing. During the early 11th century,
any number of local Italian factions feuded with each other
and with the emperor to control the papacy. Between 1000
and 1048, there were seven Popes and one antipope, of
whom only three lasted longer than two years.

The papacy had become an object of distant reverence.
The image of Rome still retained the authority of Peter, and
pilgrims continued to travel there, but the reality was rather
disappointing. The vaunted papal authority was the play-
thing of local warlords, and to those who knew Rome, the
Pope was just another bought clergyman, who was granted
his position by his king and just as easily removed. The Pope
was not the vicar of Christ on Earth, but rather the clerk of
whichever lord was on top that year.

The problem reached a farcical head in 1045. Benedict
IX, Pope since 1032 (and thus, the longest incumbent of
the seat that century), wished to retire and take a wife, so
he sold the papacy to Gregory VI. Meanwhile, a rival

faction — the Italian Crescentii, the dominant family in
Rome — had elected Sylvester III Pope. (The Crescentii
didn't learn. Fifty years previously they had set up another
antipope, for which John Crescentius had been hanged and
the antipope mutilated.) The situation worsened when
Benedict went back on his agreement with Gregory. Now,
three Popes pontificated simultaneously.

It fell to Emperor Henry III to resolve this preposterous
situation, and the results were even more incredible. Al-
though Gregory was the only respectable Pope of the three,
he had bought his office and was therefore guilty of simony.
He was deposed; Sylvester was brushed aside; and Benedict
was removed. Henry imposed two of his German cronies in
rapid succession — Clement II and Damasus I] — but both
died within a year of their election, victims of the Mediter-
ranean heat and malarial swamps. In 1048, Henry nominated
his cousin, the Bishop of Toul (in Lorraine), and Leo IX
was crowned in February of 1049. In his short reign, Leo
brought the faraway basilicas and cathedrals of Rome to
the notice of all Europe, and he made a government that
spanned the continent of the papal court. The papal
reform, one of the most dramatic reversals of the Dark
Medieval world, had begun.

Ironically, the reformers' main objective was actually to

enforce existing clerical law. They had three main targets: the

eradication of simony, the abolition of clerical marriage and
the enforcement of the primacy of the Holy See.


Tue CrusAbDE AGAINST SIMONY

Simony refers to the purchase of positions within the
Church. (It is so named after Simon Magus, assumed on the
basis of a mistranslation of the Acts of the Apostles to have
been the first to attempt to buy a place in the Church.) The
problem with simony is not, as modern churchgoers might
expect, that the purchase of positions is considered corrupt —
Dark Medieval society sees nothing wrong with using money
to buy authority. The problem is that with a position in the
Church comes the right to perform holy offices — and during
the performance of these offices a priest is believed to be
infused with the Holy Ghost. Simony therefore equates to the
sale of the Holy Ghost. It is a sin against God rather than
against any temporal mores.

The eradication of simony has returned a great deal of
control over its own hierarchy to the Church. Freed from its self-
imposed greed, the Church has become the master of its own.
appointments. Furthermore, simoniac bishops and priests fre-
quently serve themselves or their local lords only (and sometimes
through them, Cainite masters), rather than the Church.
Priests honestly appointed by the Pope or another Church
official, however, owe their loyalty to those above them.

Symbolically, the reformers' crusade against simony has
given the Church a renewed spiritual authority. No longer is
itsomething to be bought and sold, just another chattel in the
marketplace of power. It is a self-governing body, above
worldly cares, and bearer of the purity of God. A dramatic
example of how faith drives out simony is the ordeal of Saint
Peter Igneus. In 1068, the bishopric of Florence was bought for
a substantial sum, and the citizens rioted in anger at this
blatant simony. To quell the rioting, a local abbot arranged an
ordeal by fire—in which one of his monks walked through a 10-
foot corridor of flame, and he came out unsinged. The simoniac
bishop was deposed and the monk later canonized.

The Lasombra faction within the Church exploited this
aspect of the papal reform to flush out their enemies in the
hierarchy, especially the Ventrue. With their influence in the
higher positions of the Church, and even in Rome itself, they
were well placed to direct accusations of simony against
Ventrue agents. Since those agents were generally guilty, their
purge was devastatingly effective. (Admittedly, the Lasombra
agents were just as guilty as the people they removed. The
Ventrue, however, lacked the influence to have their counter-
accusations heard.)

Itwasnotuntil later that the victorious Lasombra discovered
totheir chagrin that the removal of the simoniacs was helping to
foster an atmosphere of faith and holiness that threatened their
own power. It was the error of Rome all over again.

Despite the reformers' efforts, simony is still practiced,
especially far from Rome — the simoniacs are merely subtler
about their behavior. In areas of heavy Cainite influence, of

course, money and land are not the only currencies of simony:
Vampires can use feeding rights, ghouls or boons to buy
positions for their favored candidates.

Tue LAw oF CELIBACY

The unbelieving husband is sanctified by the wife.

—1 Corinthians 7:14

Canon law insists that priests be celibate — that is, that
they should not marry. In most of Dark Medieval Europe,
however, this law is ignored. Married priests are common at low
levels of the Church, and even monks often have mistresses. As
part of their drive to reinstate the law of the Church, reformers
seek to eradicate clerical marriage and other sexual activity.

Marriage is particularly common among the secular clergy,
especially those who serve in parishes. Parish priests are often
ignorant men, without the high moral standards of those more
committed to the Church. Poorly educated in canon law,
remote from their masters in the Church and having little
commitment to the religious life, they frequently marry, either
because they do not know that it is forbidden or because they
do not much care.

As with a great deal of the papal reform, the eradication
of clerical marriage is not without its symbolic element.
Reformers fear the assimilation of the clergy and the laity,
thinking that as churchmen become drawn into the world they
learn to accept the world's abominable moral and spiritual
standards. A lay woman in a churchman's house, with him
constantly, can hardly help but draw his thoughts away from
God and down to the mud and flesh of the world.

In addition, many reformers fear and loathe women,
regarding them as voices of corruption and temptation. The
reformers' view, summed up by Peter Damian in his attack on
humanity, The Book of Gomorra, is that the grip of the world
on a man is especially symbolized by the influence of money
and by the other sex.

This aspect of the reform has not been entirely successful.
Despite the reformers' enforcement of celibacy, many lay clergy-
men, even in the late 12th century, keep concubines or regularly
seek the companionship of women. This can be an easy way for an
unscrupulous female Cainite to gain access toaclergymanat almost
any level in the Church. The stricture of celibacy means that
clergymen associating with women are eager to keep their liaisons
secret. Consequently, itis hard for the clergyman's colleagues, or for
the Cainite's rivals, to detect the vampire's influence. The Blood
Oath can be easily administered and reinforced. Perhaps best of all,
there will be no embarrassing questions about why the man's
mistress is seen only during the day...

THE PRIMACY OF ROME

Prior to the papal reform, local patrons regarded churches
and abbeys as extensions of their own properties. The priest
was a vassal like any other, and the lord could do what he liked
with priest, position and altar. Many positions even became
hereditary, passing from father to son like any vassal holding.

Reformers have unified the Church under the control of
Rome. Kings, princes and local lords have lost the right to appoint
Church officials in their own lands. Rome has been remolded
from a local bishopric into a government that can rule the world.

THOSE WHO PRAY


The Pope has also taken back many powers once regarded
as the province of local officials. Only the Pope now has the
right of canonization (that is, the right to acknowledge some-
oneasa saint), and before long he will also be the only person
permitted to authenticate relics.

Prelates awaiting election are obliged to visit Rome in
order to be approved by the Pope. The Pope has the right to
scrutinize and overrule elections, imposing his own candidates
over the wishes of the local clergy — and any lay authorities
who might attempt to sway them. For Cainites who are used
to being able to perpetuate a regional clergy under their own
control, each generation electing its successors according to
the vampire's instructions, this is a disaster. Cainites living
amongst the palaces and manors of bishops may at any time
find themselves confronted with new, unknown and poten-
tially dangerous incumbents.

This reform does not have universal support. Many bishops
have spoken out against increasing central control, and espe-
cially against the seemingly endless greed of Rome. Peter
Cantor attacks papal greed as making "my house, the house of
prayer, intoaden of thieves anda house of commerce," and John
of Salisbury describes Rome not as the mother of the Church,
but as its plundering stepmother. The Bishop of Chartres has
demanded that the Pope impose no new laws on the rest of the
Church. But because the Church's excesses are compensated for
by its thriving success, their pleas go unheard for the time being.
To date, Cainites have taken little advantage of this current of
dissatisfaction — who would tie their fortunes to a losing

argument? — though a vampire may occasionally find it useful
to foster local dissent. There is a delightful irony in letting a
man's own voice talk him into disgrace.

AFTER REFORM

The papal reform has turned the traditional power struc-
tures of the Church upside down. Where local bishops and
archbishops had previously been the supreme powers within
their own regions, and their appointmenthad been in the hands
of the king, they are now answerable to the Pope. Where the
Holy Roman Emperor's "protection" of the papacy had previ-
ously been a gentlemanly euphemism for setting a favored
candidate on the Throne of Peter and keeping him there, itnow
means that the Pope regards the emperor as a bodyguard,
valuable for his muscle, but at root, as just another subject.

Everyday folk are largely unaware of the vast historical
changes that have occurred around them, but they see the effects
of the reform even at the lowest level. On the positive side, the
clergy are less overtly corrupt, and on the whole adhere more
strictly to their vows — at least in public. On the negative side,
priests are more aloof, more concerned with spiritual things than
with the issues of the world. This is a deliberate aim of the
reformers, who want to keep the clergy apart from the debasing
influence of the laity as far as possible; but it leaves people feeling
cut off from the Church and thus, opens the door to heretical
preachers in many areas. Wrapped up in its own success, the
Church has not realized how distanced its flock has become.

THREE PILLARS

CAINITES AND THE New Papacy

When Leo IX ascended the papal throne, Cainites had
clawed their way to a tenuous grip on most of the many
national Church hierarchies. In Northern Europe, Ventrue
and Toreador nominees predominated; elsewhere, and in the
highest Church offices, the Lasombra had been more success-
ful. The monasteries were havens to Brujah, Cappadocians
and Toreador, though they appeared to take little interest in
the power politics of the Church.

The papal reform and other events of the late 11th
century upset this picture and set the tone for the changed
landscape of the 12th century. Cainites, slow-moving crea-
tures to whom a century may pass in a blink, have been
disoriented by the speed of the reform, and they adjust poorly
to the inversion of the power structure they have worked so
hard to penetrate.

First, the reform has concentrated Church power in the
papacy instead of at the national level. Prior to this period,
vampire factions had not made control of Rome a great priority
— it was not worth the effort required to influence a truly
faithful Pope. Asa result, the papacy had been allowed to remain
largely free of Cainite influence. The papacy was a much greater
prize after the reform, and the clans scrambled to take it.
Initially, the Ventrue seemed to have the greatest influence,
since Leo IX was an appointee of the Holy Roman Emperor; but
in truth, they had little control over him, and they had badly
underestimated the change Leo would work on the Church.
After the death of Stephen IX in A.D. 1058, the Lasombraseized
their chance. Working through the Roman nobility, they set up
Benedict IX as Pope, who was immediately deposed by Nicholas
II, the reformers' candidate. In the year of Nicholas' ascension
(1059), the right to select the Pope passed to what would
become the college of cardinals, forever denying vampires the
ability to choose the Pope. They could hope to influence the
result, or to bend a weak-willed or faithless Pope to their desires,
but the struggle for power had once again been lost to the
mortals. In the few short years that had made the papacy worth
controlling, the Cainites had managed to surrender it.

This picture persists in 1197. Some Popes have been
puppets of one clan or another, but these tended to be short-
lived, contested or forgettable. Perhaps this is due to rivals
attempting to thwart any clan that gains the upper hand in the
contest for ultimate power. The current Pope, Celestine III, is
a pawn of the Toreador, having been prepared by them long
before he ascended the Throne of Peter, and being surrounded
by advisers and sycophants under the clan's domination.
Celestine's successor, Innocent III, however, will be a very
different matter: Strong and independent, he will throw off all
Toreador attempts to rein him in. Celestine, always the
minion, achieves little of record; Innocent will become the
greatest monarch Europe has ever seen.

Secondly, by reminding the Church that it was the instru-
ment of God rather than just another arm of the temporal
authority, the reform has increased the level of faith in the


Church. To vampires attempting to make their havens within
Church walls, this isa particularly uncomfortable change. As the
Lasombra discovered in the days of Rome, even a little faith, if
sincere enough, can drive a vampire from the place or community
shehas made her home/In some places, vampires who have dared
to take Church positions for their own rather than working
through ghouls or Dominated servants have been forced to give
them up by the renewed faith of those around them.

By 1197, Rome is a veritable hotbed of faith — not only
from Church officials, who are scarcely less corrupt here than
anywhere else, but also from the many pilgrims who visit the
Holy City. This makes it dangerous and very difficult for
Cainites to even approach the City of Peter. Some, especially
Lasombra and Toreador, take the risk. The former because of
what they hope to gain and the latter because they must risk
it in order to preserve the control of the Pope.

Thirdly, reform has subtly shifted the Church's realm of
interest. Alchough the Church continues to take a great deal of
interest in temporal politics, and it has increasingly asserted its
control over lay authorities, the Church is now closer to its
spiritual ideals than it ever was during the dark years when mere
survival was everything. The Church has rediscovered the exal-
tation of God—and for Cainites, the expression of thatexaltation
hasbeen the sudden and unexpected ascendance of the Toreador.

The rise of the Toreador began with the rise of the
monasteries. Many members of the clan had taken refuge in
monasteries in earlier centuries and had helped shape the
spiritual attitude of the monks around them. Consequently, as
the monasteries gained in importance, the ideas of the Torea-
dor became increasingly prevalent in the Church at large. The
hand of the clan can be indirectly seen in much of the greatest
artand architecture of the era. This created the environment
in which clerics favored by the Toreador could flourish.

The success of the Toreador in influencing the English
Church during the last two centuries, although closely tied to the
Ventrue invasion of England, has inspired the Toreador to test
their strength in other regions. In some places, they may have
beenhelped by the Ventrue, whose themasfriendlier—ormore
easily influenced — than their Lasombra rivals. In any event, the
See of Rome fell to the Toreador with surprising ease. Many papal
candidates are predisposed to Toreador ideals and can be influ-
enced even without the vampires' supernatural abilities.

In 1197, then, the Toreador are supreme in Rome and
throughout many of the higher echelon of the Church. The
present Pope, Celestine Il, is their pawn. The Lasombra
bitterly contest the Toreador influence, however, with their
centuries of entrenched power; and although Toreador phi-
losophies are in favor this year, the Lasombraare less vulnerable
to the whims of episcopal fashion and are more numerous in
the Church as a whole.

All of this changes in the next year, as Innocent III
ascends the Throne of Peter and, all unknowing, embarks on
a reign that defies the Cainite puppet masters inside and
outside the Church, from Castile to Constantinople.


ar OFFICIALS OF THE CHURCH

The Church is, in effect, not only the largest but also the
best organized state in Western Europe. It has a vast bureau-
cracy, centered on Rome and stretching from Castile in the
West to Scandinavia in the north and Hungary in the East.
Although the only territories technically controlled by the
Pope himself are the papal lands in central Italy, individual
churches — and especially monasteries — hold a great deal of
land around Europe, and the papal reform has in any event
given the Church a great deal of authority over lay rulers.

Most importantly, though, the Church is an effective
system of government that runs parallel to the secular authori-
ties. The Church hierarchy divides up the whole of the West,
and its structure utterly disregards trifles such as whether it
holds land or the attitude of the local ruler. Through their
religious convictions, the Church governs the people as di-
rectly asany king. It is organized with almost military precision,

with a rigid hierarchy and command structure.

ORGANIZATION

At the top of the Church hierarchy is, of course, the Pope,
resident in Rome and surrounded by his court. If Christendom
isa kingdom (it is in all but name), then the Pope is high king.

The most influential priests after the Pope are the cardi-
nals. The college of cardinals formed in 1059 as the body that
elected the Pope, though it has only recently (1181) been
officially incorporated. At first, the cardinals were the bishops,
deacons and priests of the churches and cathedrals of Rome,
though now other priests of all levels can be made cardinals.
The cardinals have not yet been raised above the rest of the
clergy, or acquired their distinctive red hats. (They have to
wait until 1245 for this.) Although cardinals are not directly
part of the Church's hierarchical tree of rulership, their posi-
tion of proximity to the Pope gives them considerable power.

Outside Rome, the Church divides its territories into archi-
episcopal provinces (or archdioceses) and episcopal dioceses. A
province is headed by an archbishop, and a diocese by a bishop.

The size and number of provinces in a region varies
widely. England, for instance, has only two archbishops, at
York and Canterbury, while Ireland has three; France, so
similar to England in size and influence, has five. The division
of a province into dioceses is carried out in different ways
around Europe: In Italy, dioceses are kept small and adminis-
tered by a tiny number of officials; in England and Germany,
dioceses are much larger, with quite elaborate bureaucracies.
The province of York, covering the whole of northern En-
gland, contains only three dioceses.

Dioceses divide further into archdeaconates. When arch-
deacons were originally imposed between the bishops and their
clergy, there had been only one archdeacon per diocese, but by
the 12th century, there were usually several. (There are excep-
tions: The See of Canterbury still has only one archdeacon.) By
the end of the 12th century, the powers of the original, singular
archdeacon are being usurped by an episcopal judge known


rather sinisterly as the Official. The Official answers to the
bishop and is not attached to a specific archdeaconate; even-
tually, the Official becomes the second most important person
in the diocese after the bishop himself.

Archdeaconates vary in size and wealth. In England, the
archdeaconate of Stow contains only four rural deaneries,
whilenearby Lincoln contains 23. Similarly, the archdeaconate
of Winchester has five times the revenue of Rochester. The
power of the archdeacon varies correspondingly, though this
also depends on the country. In England, archdeacons gener-
ally have limited rights (as always, there are exceptions:
Within his see, for example, the Archdeacon of Richmond
hasall the jurisdictional powers usually reserved to the bishop).
On mainland Europe, however, the archdeacon is a figure of
great influence —a serious rival to the bishop within his area.
And although the archdeaconate is in the bishop's gift, it is a
"benefice," meaning that the bishop cannot remove an in-
cumbent archdeacon except with the latter's consent (rarely
obtained save through bribes or threats).

Archdeaconates are, in turn, divided up into rural dean-
eries, areas placed under a senior priest. Beneath the rural
deans are the local clergy, classified as rectors and vicars.
(Rectors and vicars both have pastoral duties in their parish;
a parish priest is a vicar if his church is the property of a
monastic house, and a rector if it is not.) Each parish consists
of maybe 1,000 individuals.

The clergy of a rural deanery meet in chapter once a
month, presided over by the archdeacon. But in other ways,

the archdeacon's role in mediating between the bishop and
the clergy is often bypassed. For example, the rural dean
receives episcopal mandates directly from the bishop.

The local clergy are the only face of the Church that most
people in Dark Medieval Europe ever see. To many Cainites,
however, it is the upper echelon of the Church bureaucracy
that are of the greatest interest.

THE Pope AND Curia

The present Pope is Celestine III, a pawn of the Toreador
clan. Celestine is a weak man, shored up mainly by his Cainite
masters, and close to the end of his reign. His papacy is
undistinguished, and he has been forced to concentrate pri-
marily on the resolution of minor political disputes.

The Pope lives in Rome, ruling Europe from the Lateran
and the basilica of St. Peter. His lifestyle is that of the greatest
of kings, and he is surrounded by an extensive court called the
curia. He travels frequently, either because he must address
councils or reconcile quarreling kings, or in order to fortify his
own position by making a personal intervention on the side of
asenior cleric or some friendly king.

The Pope must concentrate as much on political affairs
as on those of the Church. It is not uncommon for the Pope
to have to arbitrate disputes between kings, and this gives
him a great deal of influence. The Toreador monitor
Celestine's use of this power, however, because they know

they could risk alienating one Ventrue faction or another,
which could ruin their cozy relationship with the Patricians
(especially in England and France). Celestine is therefore
often allowed to make such decisions by himself. When the
Toreador do favor one side, of course — for example, if a
Lasombra challenger has arisen to an allied Ventrue —
Celestine is put back on his leash.

In addition, the Pope exercises political control over his
own lands, the Patrimonium Petri (Patrimony of Peter, or just
the Papal Lands). Across Europe he rules through kings, but
here he rules directly. The Patrimonium Petri currently covers
ost of central Italy, and Rome is eyeing the neighboring
duchy of Spoleto. The land is mostly safe for Cainites, since
outside Rome, its inhabitants are the same as peasants and
nobles everywhere else in Europe; nevertheless, most vampires
avoid the place, fearing to walk into the shadow of the Church.

Even the least faithful Pope is dangerous to Cainites
because he embodies the faith of millions. Like a false relic that
gains power from belief, the Pope can wield the power of God
even if he is entirely corrupt. This faith also makes the direct
subversion of Popes using powers like Dominate or Presence
difficult, even for vampires willing to risk the papal presence.
The Toreador work through ghoul bishops and advisers, avoid-
ing contact with Celestine himself.

FANTIPOPES

In the days when the papacy was essentially in the gift of
lay powers, it was common for different factions to nominate
different candidates — and for each to claim that theirs was
the true Pope. The false Popes were known as antipopes.

The election of the Pope was placed in the hands of the
college of cardinals in 1059. Unfortunately, the votes of the
different ranks of cardinals (cardinal bishops, cardinal deacons
and cardinal priests) had different weights, but these were not
clearly defined. The results of elections were often ambiguous
and disputed by lay factions opposed to the winning candidate.
Sometimes even the Church was confused over who had been
elected. The 12th century, long after the election decree,
nevertheless saw 10 antipopes.

Since the election decree of 1179, which gives all cardi-
nals an equal vote and requires a two-thirds majority to elect
a candidate, the flood of antipopes has stopped. There is no
rival to the present Pope.

BisHops AND ARCHBISHOPS

A bishop is the chief cleric of a diocese, and an archbishop
of a province. They are the highest officers of a national
church, and it is on their offices that Cainites tend to concen-
trate their efforts. They are affluent, often as rich and powerful
as princes, with great palaces and cathedrals paid for by the
Church and by the incomes from their extensive land hold-
ings. A bishop's income is derived principally from the manors
granted to him as part of his office; these are largely run by
stewards, and thus, the manors have no need for attention
from the bishop himself.

THOSE WHO PRAY


The bishop controls the admission of all clergy within his
diocese, though this is now subject to increasing papal intet>
ference. Even admission to hermitages requires the bishop's
approval. The bishop does not, however, propose candidates.
These are put forward by private patrons, usually local land-
owners, and the archdeacon decides whether they are
acceptable are not. If the bishop is satisfied with the outcome
of the archdeacon's investigations, he approves the candidate.

Bishops and archbishops legislate Church matters in
their area through the diocesan or provincial synod. The
synod, an assembly of the clergy of the region including its
priorsand abbots, meets for three days once or twice a year, and
it considers matters of diocesan ot provincial business in
addition to legislation, such as the payment of pensions to
clergy. The consent of the synod is not required or requested,
and no vote is taken: The synod is simply a venue for the
bishop to "read and publish" his canons. The bishop can also
issue edicts directly, without waiting for the synod to convene.

A bishop has final liturgical authority within his diocese. In
theory, he can decide exactly what forms of worship apply to any
given occasion. Bishops usually exercise this authority only by
ordering processions during which litanies are to be sung — for
example, at harvest time or when the nation goes to war.

Bishopsand archbishops, almost without exception, come
from noble families. They are closely involved in affairs of
state, spending as much time on secular as on spiritual matters.
Archbishops are powerful figures in national governments,
with seats on royal councils.

They are usually well-educated, though they are not
always pious — to many, the office is simply a luxurious
sinecure, and their observance of Christian forms is a hollow
sham. Some are quite depraved: The Bishop of Durham once
tried to seduce and then to rape the postulant Christina of
Markyate, who was forced to dress as a man and flee to a
hermitage to escape his attentions. Men like these are easy
targets for Cainite manipulators, and the Followers of Set, in
particular, flock to them in order to lure them further down the
path of corruption.

A bishop has numerous ritual duties, the most important
being the dedication of churches and the consecration of
altars. These must be done by the bishop himself, rather than
by one of his subordinates. Ifa church or altar is "polluted" (by
bloodshed, for example) it must be re-consecrated — usually
at considerable expense to parishioners.

Another bishop responsibility is visitation, which theo-
retically takes place once every three years, but in practice is
much less frequent because of his other duties. During a
visitation, a bishop tours the diocese to make sure that his
clergymen are doing their jobs. In addition to formalities such
as checking priests' letters of order and institution and inspect-
ing the paraphernalia and property of the individual churches,
the bishop calls in laymen in each parish and questions them
as to whether their priest has been fulfilling his obligations and
leading a good life. Unless a priest is truly incompetent or

THREE PILLARS

dissipated, or has failed to look after Church property, visita~
tion is rarely a cause for concern, though it may result in

continuing intervention in the priest's affairs. From a

storytelling point of view, visitation provides a means for
encountering a high Church dignitary almost anywhere in-
stead of ensconced in his palace. Cunning Cainites could also
time mischief to coincide with a visitation, in order to rid
themselves of a priest with dangerous amounts of knowledge,
faith, or both. Vampires posing as priests may wish to be wary
in case their bishop has True Faith.

CHURCH AND STATE

The Dark Medieval mind does not recognize the division
of Church and state with which we are familiar in the 20th
century. All authority, temporal or spiritual, descends from
God. The kings of Europe claim a divine right to rule. The
20th-century nation-state does not exist; instead, every man
has his feudal master, with his master over him; and so on up to
the king, and then to God. As an example, the right to appoint
clergy often belongs to the king, not the Church.

This is beginning to change in the Dark Medieval world.
Rivalries between the Church and lay authorities result in the
Church becoming more self-contained, while at the same time
claiming a wider dominion than ever before. This separation
and superiority leads to the collapse of the Church's political
power in later, secular ages; but in the era of Vampire: The Dark
Ages, the Church becomes and remains the supreme power.

One theologian of the period, Hostiensis, goes so far as to
puta figure on the Church's pre-eminence. Borrowing Ptolemy's
calculations of the relative brightness of the sun and the moon,
he claims that the sacerdotal (priestly) dignity is precisely
7,644 times greater than the royal.

The Church is not afraid to proclaim its own superiority
or demand the fealty of kings. The Pope, the Church asserts,
is the true emperor, and the emperor is his vicar. This rhetoric
has been toned down over recent years, as the Toreador who
control Celestine III do not wish to provoke the Ventrue, but
the conflict between spiritual and temporal authority returns
with a vengeance when Innocent III becomes Pope in 1198.

Tue Ace OF INNOCENT

We do not deny that the emperor is superior in temporal
matters to those who receive temporal things from him, but the
Pope is superior in spiritual matters, which, as the soul is
superior to the body, are more worthy than temporal ones.

— Innocent III

In years to come, Innocent III (1198-1216) adopts the
stance that the Pope is the representative of Christ on Earth
(vicarius christi: the Vicar of Christ). Since the Earth is Gods
kingdom, worldly kings must be God's feudal subjects, and their
kingdoms fiefs granted by Him; and since the Pope represents
God, the domains of worldly rulers must be in the Pope's gift.
Effectively, Innocent claims that the Church —and specifically
the Pope — has the right to appoint and remove kings.


Innocent uses his power on a grand scale. He excommu-
nicates the entire nation of England for eight years (1206-14),
forbidding the clergy from carrying out baptisms and marriage
or burial ceremonies, and eventually forcing the king to
surrender his sovereignty to Rome.

This is the apex of Church power. Sicily, England and
Aragon become feudal dependencies of Rome, their rulers
effectively consenting to Innocent's claim of dominion, and
the Church also intervenes in Germany, France and Norway.

Many influential Cainites suspect that Innocent's doc-
trine will rob them of their roles as kingmakers. The Ventrue,
whose power base is most threatened, go further. They see
thehand of the Lasombra behind Innocent's claim and worry
about the power the Magisters now possess if they have
finally been able to bend a strong Pope to their will. Their
concerns are ill-founded: Innocent is free not only of the
Lasombra, but also of any vampiric manipulation. His stance
is directed at his fellow mortals, not at Cainites, and it is
based on theology (or greed) rather than on any supernatural
influence. Nevertheless, it is a threat that drives and dis-
tracts the Ventrue during the early 13th century — to the
point where their frantic and clumsy attempts to identify and
intercept Lasombra within the papal staff actually end up
increasing the Church's awareness of vampiric infiltration.
It is no accident that the Inquisition has its roots in the
papacy of Innocent — or that bungled Ventrue attempts to
control the Inquisition only inflame it further...

Story SEEDS

The Church presents Cainites with almost their only
systematic opposition, apart from other Cainites. It is a
foolish vampire who does not fear the power of faith, and
nowhere in Europe is that faith stronger than in Rome.
Stories that drive the characters toward Rome play upon
the theme of dilemma, especially if they are built up over
the course of a chronicle. For example, in one story the
coterie might need to travel to Rome and it finds the
journey more and more difficult as it approaches the Holy
City — and it is relieved to achieve the objective of its
quest before it is reached. In a subsequent story, the coteries
might cross the Patrimonium Petri and feel the baleful
presence of the city always on the horizon. Only in a third
and final story would the coterie need to enter Rome itself,
and that could be a true nightmare.

Sensible vampires prefer to work at the national level,
attempting to position their candidates as bishops and arch-
bishops. Political intrigue is a familiar theme in Vampire: The
Dark Ages, so try to make this something more than just
another factional dispute. Have your chronicle's standard
feuding factions team up to ward off the threat of a candidate
with True Faith. Have a group of Setites secretly corrupt one
faction's candidate. Tie the election in to one of your chronicle's
religious themes or to a heresy in which the characters have
previously shown an interest (for or against).


THE CHURCH
IN NIGHTLY CINLIFE

Tue PArIsH PRIEST

Like most inhabitants of the Dark Medieval world, the parish
priest has a hard life. Instead of the finery and palaces of the
bishops, he receives only an ordinary house and garden, a small
stipend, and a little land on which to grow food. Instead of being
invited to participate in royal councils and grand processions, he
must look to his own welfare and tend to his parishioners.

The hardship, social duties and heavy ritual of parish
priesthood make it an unattractive vocation for Cainites. How
can one conduct masses, blessings and burial ceremonies when
one cannot rise during the day? Only by retaining a ghoul to
front the operation, or by finding some way to take over an
entire village, can a vampire hope to get away with it. Even
then, the bishop's visitation may eventually find him out.

THE Priest

Most parish priests are poor, uneducated men — some do
not even understand the Latin that they read — picked out of
the ranks of the laity to serve their villages. Priests are appointed
by the archdeacon or rural dean in most areas, though in parts
of Italy and Germany, they, are elected by the parishioners.

Although it is not necessary for a priest to be educated, he must
be at least 25, with no mental deficiencies or physical deformi-
ties. He may not be a soldier, a bastard, a prosecutor or an
executioner. Women and the unbaptized cannot, of course, be
priests. The priest must live a circumspect and honest life and
may not hunt, war, gamble, or conduct surgery or commerce.

The majority of a priest's small income comes from fees
charged for baptisms, marriages and burial services. A church
also has a small amount of land in its village, called the glebe.
Most priests farm the glebe themselves, though it is permitted
to rent it out to others.

Tue Priest's Dauries

Whereas the work of higher Church officials is mainly
administrative, that of the parish priest is more spiritual and
social. The priest combines the roles of spiritual guide, social
counselor, charity organizer and moral authority.

The priest does have some administrative duties. He must
see to the collection of tithes, and he can excommunicate
anyone who fails to pay. He is responsible for keeping the
church in good repair, and he must see that no profane
activities — specific prohibitions include fairs and morris
dancing — go on in the churchyard.

In theory, the parish priest has the duty to give alms to
the poor and to strangers from his own income, but most

priests' stipends are so small that they cannot afford to do so.

Instead, he regularly exhorts parishioners to care for the


poor, and encourages the dying to leave alms for this purpose.
(The dying are particularly eager to seize any chance of
improving their spiritual chances, for they have no doubt
that after death they will be judged for their worthiness to
enter the Kingdom of Heaven — and that if they fail they
will be cast down to Hell.) Manuals for priests emphasize the
"seven works of mercy bodily" — feeding the hungry, giving
drink to the thirsty, clothing the naked, sheltering the
homeless, visiting prisoners, visiting the sick and burying the
dead. Charity is a regular topic for sermons, and those who
practice it are praised and respected.

Other important social roles include the reconciliation of
parishioners who have quarreled, acting as chaplain to the
parish "gild" (a sort of burial club-cum-friendly society with a
strongly devotional slant) and helping with the staging of
miracle and mystery plays (often organized by the gild, and the
only drama many Christians ever see).

The priest also has many ritual duties. At Rogation-tide
(the three days before Ascension) he blesses the crops and
leads his parishioners in a procession through the fields. When
required, he also carries out rites for blessing sick children,
animals, houses or anything else that seems to require divine
protection. At the same time, he is also responsible for
warning his flock against the use of spells or incantations!

Priestly blessings can prove a great inconvenience to
Cainites. A house which has been blessed severely discomforts
a vampire, and he may have difficulty feeding from a person
who has recently been blessed by a priest with True Faith. See
page 238 of Vampire: The Dark Ages for systems.

REVENUE AND TAXES

As mentioned above, the main income of a local clergy-
man comes from his ritual duties, and he also supports
himself from the glebe of the church. The tithe, a 10th of a
villager's income (usually paid in kind in the low-cash
peasant economy), is also collected by the local priest, and
he has the right to excommunicate anyone who fails to pay.
Finally, some churches derive income from other property,
called temporalia, such as land or mills.

When the church is part of the property of a religious
house or community such asa large abbey, the priest does not
receive his incomes directly. They instead pass to the house,
which grants him a stipend in return for performing pastoral
duties for the parish.

Clerics are, in principle, exempt from lay taxes. In
practice, however, senior clerics often hold baronies and
counties; they, therefore, owe service and taxes to their local
(secular) lord anyway.

Ifa see is left vacant, its revenues go to the local prince.
These revenues are known as regalia. Curiously enough,
when princes are given the opportunity to delay the process
of appointing a new bishop or archbishop, they almost
invariably do so. The income from a rich see is a tempting
inducement to procrastinate.

JUSTICE

Clerics enjoy a measure of special protection under law.
For example, anyone who strikes a cleric is excommunicated
—adaunting fate that spells an eternity of damnation. Clerics
cannot be deprived of their home or money by a creditor, and
they are excused from performing any lay duty that interferes
with their vows.

They also have special rights when accused of crimes.
Clerics have the right to be judged by their peers in acanonical
court instead of by secular courts, and they may, in theory,
carry their appeals as far as the papal curia — though few
except the highest in the Church can hope to reach this
ultimate court. Clerical courts are supposedly independent,
though they sometimes bow to popular opinion, even finding
ways to impose a verdict that they are technically not permit-
ted to pronounce.

For example, in Padua in 1301, aclerk was found guilty of
theft, murder and rape. Because of his clerical status, he was
exempt from execution. The canon court instead sentenced
him to be put in a cage hung from the top of the Red Tower,
and it denied him food and water. It took him two weeks to die.

From 1215, clerics are prohibited from serving as lawyers,
judges and public notaries. This is another aspect of the
Church's general policy of putting itself and its officials above
the things of the world.

EDUCATION

Every word you write is a blow that smites the Devil.

— Bernard of Clairvaux

Almost all education — such as it is — rests with the
Church. Religious houses teach their own oblates, and some
also teach brighter aristocratic children from outside the
house. The university movement is just beginning, with a
college in Paris since 1180, and the Church runs religious,
medical and law schools around Europe.

Church schools may be attached to monasteries or cathe-
drals, or sometimes to major parish churches, This practice is
disappearing from the monasteries, with separate schools,
staffed with secular masters, being founded under the supervi-
sion of the religious house. Schools are supposedly founded for
the education of the poor, but most students come from
affluent families. The chaplain usually educates the children
of noble families.

Cuyurcu Hoimpays

The Dark Medieval world is a harsh place, and the
common folk have it hardest of all. The year is an almost
unbroken round of work — from dawn until dusk, six days a
week, every week of the year. The only relief that the peasantry
receive from their labors is provided by the Church.

Most days of the year commemorate at least one saint, but
only a few are holidays (holy days). Those few are therefore
causes for great festivities. People — commoners and nobility

THOSE WHO PRAY


alike — crowd. the churches and cathedrals to hear special
masses and spend the rest of the day celebrating. Great trade
fairs are often held on saints' feast days or to coincide with
local religious celebrations. A fair takes place in Paris every
June to occur simultaneously with the arrival of thousands of
pilgrims to visit a piece of the True Cross held at the cathedral
of Notre Dame. These fairs are also occasions for fun, with
merchants coming from every part of Europe and with musi-
cians and acrobats to entertain the crowds.

Holidays vary from region to region. The two most
common are Christmas and Easter, as these are celebrated
everywhere. Christmas even sees the Church surrendering its
dignity during the Feast of Fools, in which a "bishop," dressed
up in fake vestments, leads the people into achurch and recites
a service in gibberish while others play dice on the altar and
sing rude songs. May Day, Midsummer's Eve and Harvest
Home are festivals inherited by the Church from older pagan
religions, and they are respected in most parts of Dark Medi-
eval Europe.

PILGRIMAGES

The closest that people in the Dark Medieval world come
toa "vacation" in the 20th-century sense is a pilgrimage —a
journey to a distant holy place. Most people hope to go on a
pilgrimage at some point in their lives, to prove their devotion
to God; some have other reasons — as penance for their sins,
for example, or to be cured of an illness.

Any holy shrine is often the object of a pilgrimage.
Favorite destinations are the holy cities of Jerusalem and
Rome, Canterbury Cathedral and the shrine of St. James at
Santiago de Compostela in Spain. Pilgrims often travel to visit
relics suchas the bones of saints or the pieces of the True Cross.
Each place of pilgrimage has an emblem — scallop shells are
popular — which are worn by pilgrims to show that they have
visited it. Frequenting pilgrims may sport many such badges —
vampires are recommended to avoid such people, as they are
very likely to have some small measure of True Faith (alterna-
tively, of course, they are sinners of so vile a hue that repeated
journeys of penance are their only hope). Wearing an emblem
on one's hat shows that one is on a holy journey and has the
right to protection.

Pilgrims travel in groups, rich and poor together, for
companionship and for protection against bandits. They travel
on foot to demonstrate their piety. Pilgrims' passages are eased
on popular routes by special roads and bridges built by local
rulers to encourage visitors — pilgrims, like 20th-century
tourists, bring a good deal of money into the local economy.
With less mercenary motives, monastic orders set up hostels a
day's travel apart along these routes to shelter pious travelers.
Cainites sometimes insinuate themselves into such hostels
over a summer, ensuring a regular supply of fresh blood (the
supply, of course, dries up as winter comes and travel becomes
more difficult). Because pilgrims travel in groups, such vam-
pires must take care not to kill.

THREE PILLARS

Vampires making a pilgrimage face special difficulties: Sleep-
ing during the day, they cannot take advantage of the hospitality
usually available to pilgrims and they can travel with only ghouls,
retainers and other vampires; they must pass through the lands of
many princes; and once at their objective, they may be repelled by
its holiness or by the faith of other pilgrims. Nevertheless, a devout
vampire may need to become a pilgrim for the same reasons as a
mortal does. Even a Cainite who is not a Christian may be ordered
to make a pilgrimage in order to expiate some sin by a more
religiously inclined prince. A wholechroniclecouldbe builtaround
a long pilgrimage, with many diverse stories along the way.

THe Monastic
MOVEMENTS

We must form a school in the Lord's service.

— Benedict of Nursia

After the papal reform, perhaps the most significant
change in the Dark Medieval Church is the rise of the
monasteries. By 1197, the monastic revival is widespread and
well-established — the number of monks in England alone has
risen from under 1000 to over 5000 in 100 years —and it exerts
an important influence over Church thinking.

The history of Cainite involvement with the monasteries
parallels that of their involvement with the rest of the Church,
though if anything, the dilemma is even more extreme. To a
vampire, a monastery — isolated and self-contained — is a
natural haven, safe from most enemies and well-stocked with
vessels. But the monastic lifestyle attracts and inspires faith far
greater than that encountered in the Churchat large. They are
still rare, but even one truly faithful monk or nun can make a
vampire's monastic retreat intolerable.

Ingeneral, therefore, monasterieshave been inhabited only by
those Cainites with some additional reason to go there: The
Toreador and Brujah, to whom monasteries are islands of civiliza-
tion in the barbarism of the Dark Medieval world, and the more
pious of the Nosferatu, who welcome the solitude and often share
theinhabitants' faith. Aswith somuch of the Church, thissituation
ischanging. Therise of the monasteries hasattracted the traditional
power-mongers of the dark Church, the Lasombraand the Ventrue.
And, over the last 50 years or so, the monasteries of the West have
been the victims of a new wave of predators — predators as
interested in the monasteries' ancientand carefully guarded knowl-
edge as in the blood of their inhabitants: the sorcerous Tremere.

Tue Monastic URGE

For centuries, humanity has expressed its religious urge by
forming communities dedicated specifically to worship. The
monastic movement in Christendom was shaped largely by
Benedict of Nursia, who established the objectives and obliga-
tions of monastic life in the Benedictine Rule. The rule
dictated almost every aspect of a monk's life, even down to
what to eat and what to wear.


Most monastic communities claim to model themselves on
Benedict's Rule, and it has become known by heart by thousands
of monks and nuns over the centuries. Although Benedict
prescribed that a monastery should look primarily inward, toward
the salvation of its own members, they became, in practice,
centers of Christian influence, culture, teaching and learning.

The duties of a monastic house, according to Benedict
and his successors, are to care for the sick; to help the poor by
giving bread in hard times; the education of children; to keep
toads and bridges in good repair; to provide beds, food and
shelter for travelers; to keep learning and order alive; and,
most importantly, the praise and exaltation of God.

Benedict also insisted that a monastic house should be
primarily cenobitic — that is, dedicated to the spiritual
welfare of its inhabitants as a whole — though he conceded
that the group might also provide a framework for the indi-
vidual spiritual growth of the more advanced members.
Anchoritesand hermits can certainly exist within a Benedictine
community — it is not true that they spend all of their time in
remote solitude — but they are not its primary focus.

At the time of Vampire: The Dark Ages, the domination
of the Benedictine vision of religious houses as inward-looking
islands of devotion in a barbarous world, so appropriate to the
sixth century, draws toa close. Europe has emerged from the chaos
that followed the fall of Rome, and such self-contained protectors
offaith and knowledge are no longer needed. A renewed interest

in the monk's relationship with the outside world already exists,
which waits for a focus that will allow it to crystallize into a new
kind of monastic movement. In Italy, a young man named Francis
has been born in Assisi, and he will present his own rule to Pope
Innocent III in 1210. Following the Franciscan lead, the next
generation of monastic revival concentrates on looking outward,
to the good that monks can achieve in the world.

Tue CLunic REVIVAL

Benedict lived in the sixth century, and although his ideas
had some success, the conditions were not yet right for monas-
ticism. It required a more settled European landscape and a
more mature tradition of royal patronage for the monasteries
to truly prosper.

The revival of the monasteries began early in the 10th
century, with the founding of the abbey of Cluny in Burgundy by
Duke William of Aquitaine. This was the signal for a wave of
similar endowments creating new monasteries or reviving exist-
ingones. The great monasteries of the late 12th century —Cluny,
Gorze (in the Franco-German border region of Lorraine) and
Glastonbury — all have their roots in this sudden impulse. The
popularity of the fashion for endowing monasteries grew for some
250 years, and, although past its watermark, is still strong in 1197.

Fortunately for those desperate to improve their chances
of salvation by pouring money into monasteries, the number
of recruits also grows continually over the period. (Previous


attempts to revive monasticism had foundered through a lack
of monks.) Most importantly for the continued success of the
monastic tradition, the new foundations attract monks with
the fervor and charisma to lead and inspire. These are the men
whose legacy continues to dominate monasticism: Abbot
Odilo of Cluny, Bernard of Clairvaux, St. Dunstan of
Glastonbury. (Although some nunneries are also founded or
revived by the new patronage, it is not until later that women
have a significant influence on the monastic tradition. At this
time, nunneries are usually mere appendages to monasteries
for males, though this will change.)

The most important of all these houses, because of its
reforming zeal and its independence from lay authority, was
Cluny. When Cluny was founded, monasteries were largely
under the control of the noble who founded them and owned
their land (or, of course, his heirs), either directly or through the
local bishop — who was an appointee of the landowner. (This
was long before the papal reform.) Cluny demanded and got
independence from its founder and from local church officials,
placing itself directly under the protection of the Pope. Worse
still, many monasteries had abandoned the ascetic ideals of
Benedict, with poverty and chastity being observed only in
name, not in deed. Cluny sought to return to Benedictine
simplicity, though with a new emphasis on liturgy.

Cluny increased the time allotted to the Opus Dei (the
Work of God; essentially liturgical worship). In the original
Benedictine monasteries, liturgy was balanced by manual labor,
but as monks had become decadent, this tradition atrophied. In
order to maximize the time available for worship, Cluny did not
revive manual labor, relying instead on the labor of laymen and
women. The monks taught their own oblates, but unlike some
monasteries they did not educate other children. A few ancho-
rites, living in nearby caves, were supported, but for the most
part Cluny emphasized communal worship, considered tobe the
highest form of devotion; little time was available for private
study or prayer. The community was inward-looking, more
concerned with worship and liturgical development than with
contributing to the outside world.

Over the centuries, the Cluniac movement grew, and
Cluny itself began to reform and ultimately it took over other
monasteries. Cluniac houses were initially independent: The
Abbot of Cluny was asked to take over the reform, revival or
foundation of a monastic house, and maybe to lend it some
monks, and Cluny imported its customs and established bonds
of friendship in this way. Over the last century or so, however,
Cluny has acquired daughter houses, which are formally sub-
ject to the abbot's central authority. The Cluniac monasteries
are not a true monastic order like the Cistercians, but a group
of houses under a single head.

With Cluny's success have come the seeds of decadence.
The abbey that was founded on the Benedictine ideal is now
one of the richest in Europe. Its new basilica is the largest
church in Christendom, greater even than the cathedrals of
Rome. Exaltation of God in His splendor has driven out


simplicity and poverty. The unity of the daughter houses
under the Abbot of Cluny puts a tempting amount of power
‘into the hands of that une man. The monks continue their
ceaseless round of worship, but it is tinged with complacency
and even arrogance. They read Benedict's Rule daily in the
chapter house, but they no longer keep it.

GorzE

Cluny has its rivals, of course, of which the main one is
Gore. Gorze shares many of Cluny's reforming aims, but
placesa greater emphasis on literacy and learning than on pure
liturgy. Gorze and its daughter houses often teach people from
outside the monastery, and they have become centers of
learning. Gorze's influence is felt mostly in Germany, while
Cluniac ideals are prevalent in France and Burgundy.

CirgAux AND THE NEW ORDERS

I make up what is lacking in the sufferings of Christ.

—St. Paul

Cluny's slide toward decadence has not gone unnoticed,
and other orders are springing up which, once again, seek to
return to Benedict's original asceticism. The most important
of these orders is the Cistercian Order, or White Monks,
founded in 1098 in Citeaux and formed into a true monastic
orderby the charismatic and inspirational Bernard of Clairvaux,
who joined the house at Citeaux in 1113. The Cistercian Rule
has also inspired other monastic orders, such as the recently
founded Order of St. Julian de Pereiro (or Alcantara), a
Spanish military order, and the Calatrava, whose purpose is to
defend Calatrava from the Almohads.

| The Cistercians believe in the simplicity and poverty
that Cluny and Gorze have lost. They wear habits of undyed
wool, and they build their houses out of unfinished stone

| instead of finely carved marble. They do not have images or
gold and silver crosses in their churches, but only the
plainest vestments. They live in the remotest places and
spend the time that Benedict allotted to work in severe
agricultural labor.

Cistercian abbeys spring up on the very edges of civilization,
where the monks or nuns can be free from the distractions of the
world. (This makes them very popular with noble patrons, as they
actually prefer less valuable land.) In Britain, great Cistercian
abbeys exist in north Yorkshire (Rievaulx and Fountains) and in
south Wales (Tintern). Cistercians would seem to be at risk from
Lupines who resent their taming of the wildernesses, but for the
most part, they are left alone. Perhaps the werewolves fear the
monks' faith — or perhaps they fear retribution.

Citeaux remains the heart of the order: All Cistercian
houses are subject to its abbot, and representatives of the
houses must meet in Citeaux once a year. There is a persis-
tent rumor that the White Monks have been systematically
infiltrated by a conspiratorial sect of vampires or mages who
use the isolated abbeys for their own purposes (what these
purposes might be depends on the imagination of the Cainite
passing on the rumor: blood-magical experiments, the forg-

ing of new bloodlines, Infernalism, you name it), and also,
that the regular meetings are a method of sharing results —
and blood, for the rumor also insists that sect members have
all sworn the Blood Oath to each other.

Even more extreme than the Cistercians are the
Carthusians, founded in 1048 at the monastery of Grande
Chartreuse near Grenoble. The Carthusians live like her-
mits, in separate cells, assembling only for communal
worship. Each monk has his own garden, prepares his own
food and says his own daily offices. The order is highly
ascetic, and the monks live a lonely, austere and almost
silent life. Its severity has prevented the order from becom-
ing as popular as the Cistercian. The Carthusian Order is,
however, quite popular among Cainites who prefer unlives
of quiet, uninterrupted contemplation.

Tue Monastic Lire

The life of a monk or nun depends on the order to
which he or she belongs. Different orders emphasize differ-
ent activities, from missionary work and helping others to
work for the monastic community and the worship of God.
What all of the orders have in common is dedication.
Living in a monastery is not a soft option. When a monk is
not working in the vegetable garden or the laundry, the
community's many daily observances keep him awake and
busy at all hours of the day and night.

A monastery typically has a substantial estate associated
with it. It is usually a gift from the landowner who founded
the monastery. The estate enables the monastery to survive
from day to day, and its management is an important respon-
sibility of the monks.

Monasteries also receive donations from the wealthy —
and the guilt-ridden. Monks have become skilled at exploiting
tax exemptions and trading privileges, and some monasteries
have become highly profitable commercial concerns. The
great abbeys along the major rivers of Western Europe — the
Rhone, the Loire, the Rhine — even run their own trading
fleets. Many monks and nuns have therefore become business-
men and women despite their supposed spiritual concerns.
Inevitably, this has bred arrogance, corruption and an aban-
donment of spiritual pursuits.

SILENCE

For most of the day, monks live underarule of silence. Daily
tasks must be carried out without speaking. Of course, there are
readings from holy books and spoken and sung prayers, but
everyday-chat is discouraged. While working, monks may recite
the canon and the Psalter to themselves, and the rule of silence
may be broken in the cloister during the morning.

The Carthusians are more extreme: Their order empha-
sizes solitude and contemplation, and a Carthusian house is
almost totally silent except for services. Augustinian priories
are generally more moderate, though the Augustinian Rule
does not lay down any specific requirements.

THOSE WHO PRAY


FAYPPEARANCE AND CLOTHING

Benedict's Rule states thata monk'sclothes shouldbe plain
but comfortable. Monks who follow the rule wear black hooded
habits, which emulate Roman clothing. The Benedictines are
therefore sometimes known as the Black Monks. They are
permitted to wear leather belts and shoes and are allowed warm
cloaks and linen coifs in cold weather. (Apart from the infir-
mary, monasteries are not heated. The stone corridors and bare
cells are very cold and drafty in winter.)

Cistercians wear habits of undyed wool, leading them to
be known as the White Monks, and they scorn the softness of
the Benedictine ways. Most go barefoot, and some even wear
hair shirts against their skin to prove their devotion to God.

The most striking aspect of a monk's personal appearance
is the tonsure. When a novice becomes a monk, the crown of
his head is shaved, though a fringe of hair remains all around.
The crown is never allowed to grow back. Nuns also cut off
their hair as a sign of devotion at the end of their novitiate.

FAL Day IN THE LIFE

The monks of Benedict's day led practical lives, spend-
ing much of their time on material tasks, working in the
fields or gardens. While this is still true in Cistercian houses,
life in a present day Benedictine monastery is very different,
emphasizing sedentary, liturgical duties far more than prac-
tical ones. ("Sedentary" may not be the appropriate word
here. In at least one house, monks sing 55 psalms one after
the other, all without sitting down.) More than half of a

monk's time is spent on religious duties, with vocal prayer
being the main element, and no more than three hours a day
occupied with work.

Timetables differ from season to season — as the
length of daylight varies — and from monastery to monas-
tery, but the following pattern is typical of the greater
Benedictine monasteries.

The monks rise at 2:30 a.m. to prepare for Nocturns, the
night office later known as Matins. The preparation involves
the singing of psalms, and Nocturns includes prayers for the
royal family and for the dead. This takes some two-and-a-half
hours, after which, an hour is set aside for reading.

At 6 a.m. — daybreak — the bell rings for Lauds, with
more psalms and prayers, particularly for the royal house.
Immediately afterward at 6:45 comes Prime, when the monks
read seven penitential psalms and chant the litany of the
saints. Breakfast, if it takes place at all (and in many monas-
teries it does not), consists of bread and wine or ale.

From 7:30 until 8 a.m., more time is given for reading, and
then comes Terce, another two hours or so of religious ser-
vices, including the first mass of the day, the Morrow Mass.
During this time the monks also meet in the chapter house,
where house business is discussed, confession takes place and
the abbot hands out duties and punishments. The chapter
meeting is often lively, with monks making the most of their
temporary release from the rule of silence.

THREE PILLARS

The monks then work until midday, or Sext, when they
offer up prayers for relatives and celebrate the High Mass.
At 1:30 p.m. comes Nones, followed by dinner, which
consists of bread, cheese, vegetables, beans and cereal, with
fish or eggs on special occasions. Meat is permitted in some
houses and is often eaten at the abbot's table where guests
are entertained. During dinner, monks listen to readings
from the Bible or another holy book. Conversation is, of
course, forbidden.

After dinner, the monks may read or work until the bell
rings again for Vespers (prayers before supper) at 4:30.
Vespers takes an hour, after which the monks have another
opportunity to read privately. They also change into their
night shoes before Compline at 6:15. This is the briefest
office of the day, consisting of just six psalms and taking only
quarter of an hour. At 6:30, well after dark in an English
winter, the monks retire to bed.

The summer schedule is similar, but the monks wake at
1:30 a.m. and do not go to bed until 8 p.m. More time is
devoted to reading and work, but also to the liturgy. A brief
period of rest is permitted around the middle of the day, anda
second meal is taken after Vespers.

This is a far cry from the life laid down by Benedict and
still pursued in Cistercian houses. Earlier monasteries ob-
served only some of the many offices mentioned above, and
celebrated Mass only once per day. Religious rituals were
also a great deal shorter, usually taking about 10 minutes,
whereas in the new liturgical monasteries, they often take
well over an hour, Early Benedictine monks spent much of
their time at work, while the new monasticism devotes at
least eight hours a day to vocal prayer, ritual and chanting.
With little opportunity for relaxation or physical exercise,
it is a wearing life.

Nevertheless, the ceaseless round of devotion inspires
some. Manuscripts, illuminations and original literary works
demonstrate the artistic and scholarly achievements of the
liturgical monasteries — though some attribute these works
to the influence of the monasteries' Toreador and Brujah
inhabitants or patrons, creating around themselves a little
world that suits their desires. Many monks advance to bish-
oprics and even higher posts, showing that the liturgical
round does not crush the pastoral ability or urge — though
once again there are those Cainites to whom this is merely
evidence that monasteries are nothing but a breeding ground
for the pawns of their enemies.

THE Monastic HAVEN

As mentioned, many monasteries harbor vampires, who
take advantage of the community's isolation and inward
orientation to prey upon its inhabitants in safety. The sched-
ule described above shows how risky a proposition this is.
Because the monastery is an insular community, and monks
are expected to be active all day, every day, it is practically
impossible for a vampire to pass himself off as a monk.


Vampires must instead insinuate themselves into the dark
tecesses of the monastery, appearing only to those over
whom they have absolute control. Such vampires are known
as monachi or monachae (singular monachus and monacha),
from the Latin for "monk" and "nun."

A wise Cainite therefore makes sure that at least one or
two officials, who can keep her haven secure, are under her
control before she begins to feed extensively on the other
inhabitants. The hospitaller, responsible for the greeting of
strangers, is usually an early victim. The cellarer follows
quickly: The wine cellar, because it is below ground, is a
favorite first stop for many Cainites entering monasteries.
(The cellarer's function is to ensure that monks have food
and drink. [tis a cruel irony that the cellarer quickly becomes
the vampire's food and drink.)

Once the vampire is established, she sets about forming a
herd. This does not usually include the whole monastery, just
enough people to protect her while she sleeps. She can then
tise while the mortal inhabitants are asleep and take her pick
of her captive flock.

A monastic haven is, on the surface, indistinguish-
able from a normal monastery or nunnery. It would be a
foolish Cainite who destroyed her own herd, and since
monastic vampires rarely need to spend vitae on healing,
physical prowess or Disciplines, they require relatively
little blood anyway. Often, the only way to determine
whether a house has been turned into a feeding ground is
to see whether the work of its inhabitants seems signifi-
cantly influenced in a particular direction. If scholarly
learning seems overemphasized, the house may be in the
hands of a Brujah or Tremere; if it produces works of great
artistry or philosophical novelty, it may harbor a Torea-
dor monachus; if its inhabitants tend toward pastoral
ambition and frequently enter the Church bureaucracy, it
may have been turned to the purposes of a Lasombra or
Ventrue. Of course, the same symptoms may equally well
denote an abbot of a particular inclination...

It is rare for a house to be a haven for more than one
vampire. This can happen only if the house is large and the
two vampires are close allies. A small monastery contains
barely enough blood for one vampire, let alone two; even in
a large abbey, the supply is tight enough that multiple
vampires would have to cooperate in their feeding habits.
Add to this the different directions in which they are likely
to want to take the monastery, the limited amount of safe
resting space and the violently territorial nature of the
average Cainite, and it is clear why two monachi in a house
will usually end up fighting to the death.

It is not unknown for a monachus to take holy orders and
become a monk. Of course, it is not possible for vampires to
work in the fields or take part in daytime offices, and to avoid
awkward questions, vampire monks usually remain as well
concealed as their more sinister counterparts. Nevertheless,
their piety can be as genuine as any mortal's.


PosITIONS

The small community of a monastic house has its own
simple hierarchy, with leaders, followers and servants. Some
monks also receive special duties. Depending on a particular
Cainite's reasons for coming to a monastery, he may wish to
seek out particular individuals or members of particular groups
for his attentions. A Tremere might make a point of forcing the
librarian to take the Blood Oath, while a Lasombra would
likely be more interested in the abbot or prior —or, ifhe proves
too difficult to control directly, those who have his ear.

THE Appot

The abbot or abbess is the ruler and leader of an abbey.
(Houses smaller than abbeys do not have abbots.) He is the
supreme spiritual authority of the monastery — and conse-
quently, acquires all the functions of a lay ruler in a normal
community. The abbot is elected by a committee of senior
monks, usually for life, though an abbot may retire if he is too
weak and infirm to continue his duties. Such elections often
attract royal attention because of the economic and political
power of the position (though this is not a problem in the
poorer Cistercian houses).

The abbot is responsible for appointing and overseeing the
other officials and for the discipline of monks. He presides at the
daily chapter house meetings, writes sermons and leads the
liturgy. In theory, he also ensures that the monastery is properly

THREE PILLARS

provisioned, though he usually delegates this duty to his offi-
cials. When guests are to be entertained, the abbot receives
them; the abbot of a great house therefore mixes frequently with
the influential and powerful. Monachi of a political bent, such
as the Lasombra, encourage their abbots to hold such receptions
after dark, for even these fleeting contacts are useful.

The abbot also has a number of external duties, which
frequently take him away from the monastery for long periods of
time. He corresponds with his bishop and monarch and attends
them when required. He is likely to be involved in government
and may even act as a royal emissary. The abbot oversees
dependent priories and outlying areas of land, and he visits them
regularly. When the monastery becomes involved in a dispute—
asmonasteries, with theirextensive land interests, oftendo—the
abbot must fight the legal battle. Because of the importance of
monasteries to the Church, abbots also participate in synods.

The abbot's lodgings are far more luxurious than those of the
other monks. The Abbot of la Trinité, for example, has a suite of
six rooms, with his own courtyard, garden, dovecote and stables.

THE PRIOR
The prior or prioress runs the day-to-day affairs of the
monastery and takes the abbot's place in his absence.
Monachi usually make a point of bringing an abbey's prior
quickly under their influence. Because of his very general
duties, the prior can help keep the vampire away from the
attention of the monks. By contrast, if the prior is left alone


and comes to suspect an alien influence, he can make unlife
very difficult for the vampire. Even the abbot, because he is
| frequently away, is less important toa vampire's safe existence.
The sub-prior is an assistant to the prior. Larger houses
have more than one sub-prior. In such houses, the prior
| may concentrate on external affairs and the economics of
the monastery, delegating internal matters and discipline
to his appointed deans.
In monastic houses smaller than an abbey, there is no
abbot, and the prior is the head of the house.

OTHER OFFICIALS

Ten other officials assist he abbot and prior, making up
the apostolic number of 12. Officials sometimes benefit by
being given specific lodgings, though this depends on the
monastery. (The Abbey of la Trinité, for example, reserves
lodgings for the sacrist and almoner, but not for the other
officials.) These lodgings consist only of a few small rooms —
along way from the abbot's luxurious dwellings.

The sacrist attends to the care of the church and the
altars. In the greatest abbeys, these can rival the finest of
cathedrals. The Basilica of Cluny, for example, is the largest
church in the world — and will remain so well into the 16th
century. The sacrist works closely with the precentor, who
oversees the organization of ceremonies.

The hospitaller or hosteler looks after visitors. A monas-
tery has a small amount of guest accommodations, the size and

quality befitting the guests it must receive. A Cistercian priory
can offer visitors only cells much like the monks,' whereas a
grand abbey like Cluny has well-appointed guest houses suit-
able for a bishop or lord. In addition to accommodating guests,
the hospitaller performs the monastery's duty of providing
food and shelter to travelers.

The infirmarian cares for the sick, both within the mon-
astery and outside it. A monastery room is set aside as the
infirmary, and the monks maintain a small infirmary garden.
The infirmary is the one room in the monastery that is heated.
Wealthy abbeys may have two — one for the rich and one for
the poor— the latter possibly doubling as travelers' accommo-
dations. In monasteries with good libraries, monks may have
access to considerable medical knowledge.

The almoner bears the responsibility for the monastery's
duty of helping the poor. The extent of the almoner's duties
varies greatly from monastery to monastery. Cistercian
houses, run-down and remote, have little use for an al-
moner, while larger abbeys can disburse substantial amounts
of food, and even money. Charity is often woven into the
liturgy, with lengthy ceremonies culminating in a Mass in
which selected impoverished people participate. Maundy
Thursday and All Saints' Day are common dates for such
ceremonies. In some monasteries, on the first Sunday of
Lent, monks go without a portion of food, donating it
instead to the poor via the almoner. The almoner also visits
the poor and the sick in their homes.

The librarian is, of course, in charge of the library. The
tule requires monks to read, and they therefore amass collec-
tions of books through donations and the copying of books
lent by other houses. Most books are sacred — liturgical texts
or lives of the saints — but some are classical or vernacular.
The monasteries of Wales, for example, preserve the ancient
poetry of that country. Collections can be huge —some large
houses have over 100 books, and Durham has over 500.
Cistercian houses do not emphasize reading as much as
Benedictine ones, so they tend to have smaller collections.
Tremere and Brujah monachi, to whom scholarship is the
most important element of the monastery, frequently culti-
vate librarians as ghouls or allies.

The cellarer or cellaress is in charge of the house's
supplies of food and drink, and the bursar in charge of the
house's money. These two positions, although vital, are
often handed over to suitably trained servants, for they lack
the spiritual element of the other offices. They are some-
times combined into a single position that oversees all
rents, revenues and expenditures. Because vampires often
gravitate to the deepest, darkest parts of a house that they
intend to make their home, the cellaress is usually an early
victim of any infestation.

Finally, the chamberlain provides clothing, shoes and
bedding, and he cleans the dormitories, and the doorkeeper
is responsible for the security of the abbey gate.

Cxorr Monks

Choir monks comprise the heart of a monastery. These
are the men or women who have waited out their novitiate and
have taken full monastic vows; they have chosen to put aside
the world and dedicate their lives to the worship of God. The
burden of the abbey's liturgical duties falls on them. They also
work the monastery's land, though much of this manual labor
falls to lay brothers or sisters in some houses.

Monks are mostly upper or upper-middle class, and may
have been educated in the monastery from a very young age.
(The Cistercians admit only adults, and other orders now
follow suit.) They will usually spend their entire lives in
religious houses, though they may be "lent" to other houses at
the discretion of the abbot.

To the less devout, monks seem fanatical in their devo-
tion. Their daily schedule is punishing and obsessive, and the
prevalence of self-flagellation as a means of penitence makes
their lot even worse. Only the genuinely religious — or those
with long-term ambitions in the Church — take vows volun-
tarily, though noble families frequently consign unwanted
sons or daughters to the monastic life.

One special class of monks, although it has little formal
status, is that of monks ad succurrendum. These are old or ill
laymen who expect to die soon and want to end their days as
professed monks, thus ensuring the salvation of their souls.
Because these monks do not actually wish to lead a monastic
life, they typically wait until the very last moment to be

THOSE WHO PRAY


professed — one man was professed one day and died the
next. Relatives often resist the dying person's request to be
professed, because they stand to lose a great deal of prop-
erty, given to the monastery either in the postulant's will or
asan entry gift. For the same reason, monasteries are often
eager to persuade rich but sick individuals to be professed
before they die, promising salvation at the unspoken cost of
one's heirs' lands.

Monks ad succurrendum are not a large class in mon-
asteries, for obvious reasons. This is probably just as well,
since they lack the strength to contribute anything to the
community, and yet must be fed and cared for like any
other monk.

Of course, there are occasions when young people,
falling gravely ill, hurriedly take vows, but then recover.
Such people typically remain in the monastery, either from
piety or because the outside world may not welcome them
back. Some monachi are not above dosing such young people
with their vitae to help them recover, out of a cruel sense of
humor or because the sufferer would make a welcome addi-
tion to their herd. The Tremere sorcerer Adriensis, who
pursues his Thaumaturgical studies in the library of the
Abbey of la Trinité, regularly uses this tactic, sometimes
assisted by a judicious magical affliction or a series of noctur-
nal visits, to build up the abbey's lands and "recruit"
like-minded companions at the same time.

Large abbeys, such as Rievaulx and Christ Church,
have about 150 professed monks at their peak, with half
that number being more usual. Even great Cluny peaks at
300 monks. Smaller houses may have closer to 30. The
minimum complement of a priory or nunnery is the apos-
tolic 12, plus a prior.

Lay BROTHERS AND CONVERS!

In addition to the choir monks, who have taken holy
orders, a religious house contains a large number of lay
brothers or sisters. These are men or women who have
been accepted into the house, but they have not dedi-
cated themselves to God in the same way as the monks
or nuns. In Cistercian monasteries, lay brothers are
illiterate manual laborers, who belong to the community
but whose position is clearly inferior to that of the choir
monks. In monasteries inhabited by monachi, the resi-
dent Cainite often takes a particular interest in the lay
brothers, regarding them as a safer source of sustenance
than the choir monks.

Insome monasteries, particularly those least touched by
the Cistercian ideals, the lay brothers are fully monastic,
though they are illiterate and have not taken holy orders.
Brothers of this type are called conversi. They can become
choir monks as they learn to read and become able to
participate in the liturgy; indeed, even while they are still
conversi, they may be permitted to take part in major celebra-
tions, such as those for Christmas Eve or Good Friday.

THREE PILLARS

A conversus may hold an important position in the mon-
astery, up to and including that of prior. This is, in fact,
eminently practical, since conversi from the middle and upper
classes often have valuable administrative experience that
"career" monks and nuns lack. This is lesscommon than it used
to be, because the status of the conversi has been eroded by the
Cistercian attitude to lay brothers, and it is now beneath the
dignity of most great lords.

In some monasteries, conversi significantly outnumber
monks. For example, at the great abbey of Rievaulx in north-
ern England, there are 500 conversi to the 150 monks.

Novices

Before a postulant may take holy orders, she must spend at
least a year as a novice. This period is called the novitiate.
Novices may be children or adults, though the Cistercians and
Carthusians refuse to accept children under the age of 15 —as
much because children can be disruptive to contemplation as
out of any concern that the child might not take to the religious
life — and the Benedictines are beginning to uphold this
practice as well. Most novices are literate adults, both clerical
and lay; during the course of their novitiate, they continue their
education, studying grammar, rhetoric and music.

The number of novices an abbey admits is limited by the
abbey's means. A poorly endowed house cannot maintain a
large convent, and often only two or three novices may be
accepted each year. Demand for places usually exceeds supply.
The Benedictine Rule prescribes that an intending novice be

kept waiting at the gate for four days to test her purpose before
being admitted. Houses often expect "gifts" of land or money
from a postulant or her family.

SERVANTS

Houses that emphasize liturgy over work rely on servants
to attend to daily necessities. Servants, unlike lay brothers,
have no clerical role at all. They include free men and women
training at the monastery, thus gaining education, protection
anda livelihood without losing their freedom; people who have
given land to the monastery in return for a pension of food and
clothes; servants working for pay, such as smiths, bakers or
carpenters; and, most common, people who have given up their
freedom and accepted the status of servants in return for support
as members of the monastic community. (They may do this for
many reasons: to pay adebt, because of the security offered by the
monastery, or even to improve their status.)

Servants range from administrators, who could have consid-
erable responsibilities, to body servants and serfs. Depending on
the monastery, servants might administer justice, collect tithes
and other revenues and even oversee monastic affairs in outlying
parts of the monastery's lands. Servants can remain landholders,
and they may become as rich and powerful as any monk.

In fact, servants can become so powerful that they usurp
control over whole areas of monastic life. Specifically, while
the officials of the monastery are supposed to he monks, these


officials often delegate their duties to their personal servants
—to the point where the servants effectively become the
officials. This is particularly common in houses that harbor
monachi, as Cainites usually prefer to concentrate power in the
hands of laymen rather than in those with faith.

WoMEN

Monasticism is one of the few areas of Christianity where
women may participate, and the profession of nun is almost
the only respectable one open to a woman other than mar-
tiage. Their opportunities, however, are shrinking: Compared
tothe number of monks, there are fewer nuns now than there
were 100 years ago. (It is estimated that there is one nun for
every five monks; roughly 1000 nuns in England.) It is more
profitable to marry offan unwanted daughter than to place her
ina convent, so few new nunneries are being built.

Female houses may be independent, run by an abbess or
prioress, but sometimes a male guardian (the master or custos)
isimposed to look after the house's finances and other tempo-
ral matters, thus keeping the women secluded from the outside
world. Such a master is higher in status than the prioress. In
the Gilbertine order, which has many houses in England, a
nunnery is usually part of a double house, and the master of
such a double house is always male.

Srory SEEDS

Ever since The Name of the Rose, monastery murder plots
have been wildly popular. A monastery or convent is aclassic
"locked room," and has a magnificently religious atmosphere
that makes such a story exceptional. Eco's masterstroke was
torelate both the story and the way in which it was told to the
setting — the murders and investigation were tied in with
religious debates within the monastery (and the larger
Church), the monastery had a bearing on those debates and
the hero's arguments were an important part of the story.
When you tell your vampire monastery murder story, try to
bear this in mind. See the discussion of heresies, and read the
original book or see the movie for a few ideas.

Encounters with monachi can be ambiguous occasions. In
a sense, the monachus shows the vampire breed at its most
parasitic, thus ensconcing itself at the heart of a community
and slowly consuming its host for food. But monachi can also
give a great deal back to the monastery, encouraging art and
scholarship, and even recruiting the finest young monks to
inspire the community to even greater works. Such encounters
illustrate and explore the delicate balance between dispassion-
ate predation and benevolent guardianship inherent in the
vampiric condition.


THE TREASURE
HousE

The Church is more than just the human beings who
make it up. Just as its attitudes, bureaucracy and influence
have changed and grown, so have its paraphernalia: its
buildings, its art, its rituals, and so on.

The rise of the Toreador within the Church has been a
major factor in this. The exaltation of their gods has always
inspired mortal artists to do their finest, and the Toreador
take great delight in directing the Church's new affluence to
similar exaltation. Art and architecture now spread and
reinforce the Christian message. They have also proved
attractive to rich sponsors eager to make a tangible demon-
stration of their Christianity.

ARCHITECTURE

Inthe 12th century, practical knowledge, growing popu-
lations and rampant religious urge combine to give birth to
the great cathedrals that are the greatest architectural achieve-
ment of the era. The Church seeks to build to the greater glory
of God, and new craft techniques make it possible for this to
happen. Great cathedrals spring up all over Dark Medieval
Europe with extraordinary speed. This is the true heyday of
Gothic architecture.

The cathedral is the seat of the bishop, and the greatest of
cathedrals — the seats of archbishops — are magnificent
buildings unlike anything seen before in Europe. Their vault-
ing buttresses not only give cathedrals an upward-thrusting
look, they also carry enough weight to allow the walls to be
much thinner than in previous large buildings. Architects can
therefore provide large numbers of windows, making the new
cathedrals light, glorious places instead of dark and gloomy as
previous designs had been, and great, vaulting roofs that draw
the eye heavenward.

The Toreador, of course, enthusiastically espouse this
magnificent new style. Even the most philistine of their
enemies concede the breathtaking glory of the cathedrals.
Toreador communities in many cities compete to build the
greatest cathedrals, which explains why so many are built so
quickly. Some Toreador have become so obsessed that they
have even given their blood to workmen so that they may work
harder and finish the building more quickly. In addition,
devout Nosferatu sometimes send their ghouls to cathedral
sites at night, so that when workmen arrive the next morning
they find the day's tasks already begun. Christians tend to
accept this as God's miraculous intervention in His work; ifthe
Toreador knew that the Nosferatu were involved, they might
consider the project tainted and ruined.

That said, the cathedrals are a honeyed trap for the
Toreador. On one horrible occasion, a whole coterie of
Toreador, standing in the nave of its new cathedral for the


first time, was so mesmerized by its strange new beauty that
"the coterie was caught by the first rays of the sun through the
| stained glass windows. Their ashes made a macabre reflec-
tion of the window's pictures, telling the story of Christ's

death and resurrection.

Arr

Tam a poor old woman who knows nothing, who
| cannot read. But in the Church I see Paradise painted, and
| Hell where the Damned broil.

— unidentified woman, 15th century

Art is, in a sense, the written language of Dark Medi-
eval Europe. Most people can neither read nor write, but
they easily understand stories told in pictures. Popular
teligious art, such as stained glass windows and altarpieces,
exists to reinforce the stories told in churches — stained

| glass, in particular, is used as a sort of pictorial narrative to
tell stories of Christ, stories of good works rewarded and

| stories of sinners cast down to Hell. To the illiterate masses

| of Europe, cathedrals are not just places of worship, but
picture books.
Fine art, such as painting and sculpture, is inspired by
| subjects and stories from the Bible and from the lives of the
| saints, but there is little around, and even that is found only
in the palaces of the mighty — the Dark Medieval world is
not yet ready to support the type and scale of fine art that

| will flourish during the Renaissance. Even the Toreador are
more interested in popular art and architecture. The sacred
art of the Byzantine Church is considerably more refined,
but the Toreador of the West barely acknowledge even the
existence of their rivals' works.

Some of the finest art in the Church is to be found in
the form of reliquaries, containers for sacred relics. These
caskets are finely crafted, with decorations picked out in
gold. The artwork usually tells the story of the relics held

f within — for example, a casket containing a splinter of the
True Cross might show a scene of the Crucifixion, while
the one that holds the bones of Thomas Becket tells the
story of his murder.

RELICS

Holy relics are believed to have magical powers, for
example to heal disease or to bring victory in battle, and
reliquaries are often exhibited at shrines as the objects of
pilgrimage. Examples of relics include the bones of saints,
splinters and nails from the True Cross, thorns from the
Crown of Thorns, pieces of stone from the manger in
Bethlehem, the tunic worn by the Virgin Mary when she
gave birth to Jesus — and so on. The basilica of Santa
Croce in Rome has the finest selection of relics in
Christendom, with its star exhibit being the very finger
that Doubting Thomas put into Jesus's side after the
Resurrection.

Technically, an altar is defined as a sepulchre contain-
ing the relics of a saint, though most parish altars do not. It
is a poor cathedral, though, that does not have at least a few
bones to show. Competition for relics is fierce, and clergy-
men are not above kidnapping them from others. Bishop
Hugh of Lincoln, visiting the arm of Mary Magdalene at
Fécamp, tried to break off part of it; when he failed, he bit
off part of the index finger to the horror of the watching
monks. One Benedictine monk lay low in a rival commu-
nity before managing to steal the head of St. Foy in a sack
of vegetables.

Given the difficulty of authentication, con men have
plied trade in false relics for centuries. There are far more
false relics than true ones, and the number of splinters of the
True Cross in circulation is enough to make 10 or 100
crosses. Cainites are often rightly contemptuous of those
who threaten them with relics, knowing that they are
probably false; once in a while, though, a vampire gets a
very nasty surprise. Worse still, even a false relic may gain
power if enough people believe in it.

Systems for relics can be found on page 237 of Vam-
pire: The Dark Ages.

RIVALS TO ROME

The Roman Church is the supreme spiritual authority
of Western Europe and of Christendom as a whole, but it is
not without its rivals. Within the Kingdom of Christ, it has
an uneasy relationship with the Eastern Church, centered
in Constantinople, from which it was divided when the
Roman Empire split in two. It also faces internal dissent in
the form of heretical sects great and small.

In the far north and the Eastern lands of the Tzimisce,
pagan gods still hold sway. These, however, no longer offer
any serious challenge to the Church. Christianity takes
hold in these regions, and while the old religions still grip
the hearts of many, they do not attract new worshippers.
Paganism is not organized, lacking both Christianity's clear
doctrinal focus and the Church's missionary zeal, and it
relies on tradition to retain its adherents. Christianity has
long since learned to assimilate those traditions and thereby
to deprive the pagan gods of their last hold on the world.
The pagan lands may take a little time to fall, but even
while they resist they will certainly never challenge Rome.

The Jews do not preach their religion. In Dark Medi-
eval Europe, they are a despised underclass, the murderers
of Jesus Christ, and Christian folk avoid contact with them
whenever possible.

The only other religion that poses a threat to Christian-
ity is Islam, which has conquered most of the Near East and
north Africa, and it has even forged a European kingdom in
southern Iberia. Christian and Muslim soldiers clash in the
Holy Land, though Europe itself is peaceful enough.

THOSE WHO PRAY


Tue LEGACY OF BYZANTIUM

Like so much Church history, Rome's uneasy relation-
ship with Constantinople stretches back to the days of the
Roman Empire. As the empire disintegrated under waves of
barbarian attack, it split in two, the Eastern and Western
Empires, centered on Byzantium and Rome respectively.
Two distinct strains of Christianity evolved in the two
cities' spheres of influence, and they never fully reconciled.
The Eastern Church, although it has in the past acknowl-
edged the primacy of Rome, has been sundered from its
Western counterpart since the liturgical schism of 1054
(initiated by the Eastern pontiff as part of a political
conflict with Leo IX, and ending with both patriarchs
excommunicating each other).

The Eastern Church has developed its own doctrines
and liturgy, far more intricate and ritualistic than those of
the West. In converting the East, it has absorbed a great
deal of Greek and Slavic mysticism, and its influence is felt
in the more mystical currents of Western monasticism.
Like Rome, Constantinople has preserved the heritage of
antiquity over the centuries; if anything, it is even more
steeped in history than the Roman Church.

Although both pontiffs are in the hands of the Torea-
dor, the two branches do not get along well, and there is
little hope of the schism being repaired. The Western
Toreador, giddy with the power of the papacy in their own
lands, demand that Constantinople submit to the primacy
of Rome. The Eastern Toreador regard the West as not yet
emerged from barbarism, and they refuse to submit to their
Roman clanmates and their crude liturgy.

HERESIES OF THE WEST

The late 12th century is a rich time for heresy, perhaps
the richest since the early theological battles from which
Christian orthodoxy emerged. The triumph of Christianity
means that the era's strong religious urge concentrates on
the life, work and thoughts of Jesus; while the Church's
growing aloofness means that it leaves intellectuals and
other free-thinkers to find their own unsanctioned answers
to religious questions.

The best known and most dramatic of the Western
heresies is the Albigensian or Cathar heresy, which domi-
nates the Languedoc (southern France), and continues to
do so into the early 13th century until it is wiped out in a
bloody crusade. The Albigensian Cathars are actually the
last stage in a chain of dualist sects stretching across
Europe and back to the earliest Christian times. In addi-
tion to these sects, Dark Medieval Europe in 1197 plays
host to a large number of less widespread — and less easily
classified — heresies.

Heresy is a matter for the people as well as the
Church. Heresies lead not just to theological condemna-
tions, but to rioting and murder, and to their preachers'

THREE PILLARS

lynching or burning at the hands of angry crowds. While

"the 20th-century mind can understand the Church's need

to protect its position as the sole arbiter of revealed truth,
it is less easy to imagine why seemingly abstract points of
theology should inspire the passions of mobs. The answer
is that, to the Dark Medieval mind, the divine is real. It is
universally accepted that truth is in the possession of the
Church, its divinely appointed guardian. Two contradic-
tory religious beliefs cannot both be true, and the untrue
belief must be purged. On a more political level, people
see Christendom as a single kingdom, the kingdom of
God; heresy is therefore an antisocial menace, tanta-
mount to civil disorder.

Except in Provenge, where heresy has taken a deep root
in the land, heretics are objects of hatred to mobs across
Europe. Ordinary people take great pleasure in seizing and

burning heretics even though this punishment is not autho-
tized by the Church.

Tue DuaList HERESIES

"God is perfect; nothing in the world is perfect; there-
fore, nothing in the world was made by God."

Dualism is an ancient philosophy, dating back long
before the time of Christ, and elements of dualism have
made their way into Christian theology. At its most basic,
dualism attempts to answer the age-old question "Why is
there evil in the world?" It concludes that not one, but two,
supreme divine powers exist, one good and one evil. This
might seem to be an accurate description of the God and
Devil of Christianity, but there is a vital difference: In
dualism, the good and evil gods are equal and coeval. Down
through the centuries, many people have turned to dualism
in an effort to understand the existence and apparent
prevalence of evil in the world.

The most important dualist philosophy for Christian
heresies was Manichaeism, whose founder, Mani, preached
that the material world was a creation of the evil god, not
the good one, and that salvation could therefore be achieved
only by rejecting the physical body.

Although Manichaeism was vigorously suppressed by
the Church, its doctrines continued to form an important
part of the early mystical Christian tradition in Eastern
Europe. They resurfaced in a particularly virulent form in
the Bogomil sect of Bulgaria in the mid-10th century, from
where they spread to the West. The Cathar heresy was born
in the early 11th century, with the Albigensian branch
arising some 50 years later.

The Cathars (pure ones) are the most extreme dualists
— and among the most extreme members of any Western
religion — of the era. They preach a radical dualism,
believing that the world is the creation of the Rex Mundi,
the Devil — and that the Roman Church, worshipping the
creator, is therefore a tool of the Rex Mundi. To a Cathar,
the material world is a distraction for the soul — but God


has given humanity the consciousness of good, enabling
men and women to save themselves. Only by renouncing
the material and concentrating on heavenly things can the
soul pass on to the Kingdom of God.

Because of their abhorrence of the material, some
Cathars deny the incarnation of Christ and claim that the
humanity of Christ must have been an illusion. As a
corollary, they also reject the Resurrection and Ascension.
Catharism does, however, accept Christ as an emissary of
the good God. (The only prayer the sect recognizes is the
Lord's Prayer, because Christ Himself taught it.) Other
Cathars identify the tyrannical and unjust God of the Old
Testament with Satan. It is scarcely surprising that the
Church reacts so strongly to the heresy.

Cathars refuse to perform any secular activities and
practice a severe asceticism: For example, they are celibate
and vegetarian. Their structure is based on a network of
perfecti (perfected ones). The perfecti are those who have
renounced the material world. Lay members, known as
credentes, are not so tightly bound by the Cathar asceticism.
They may marry, eat meat and indulge in luxuries.

Most believers take the consolamentum, the Cathar
oath, only on their deathbeds; the perfecti take it earlier in
life, after a period of preparation lasting at least a year, and
remain bound by it. Perfecti, who can be women or men
(another major bone of contention with the Church), are
similar to priests, and as with priests some stay with their
communities while others become itinerant teachers. How-
ever, perfecti, unlike Church priests, are not intermediaries
between humanity and God; they are merely teachers and
holy men and women.

By the last years of the 12th century, the Albigensian
heresy is widespread throughout the Languedoc and has
taken on the apparatus of an organized church. Cathar
bishops reside in Albi, Toulouse, Carcassonne and Agen,
and deacons preach regularly under the protection of
their aristocratic sponsors. Rich, peaceful, civilized and
with strongly independent cultural traditions, including
a uniquely prominent role for women in society, the
Languedoc has proved fertile ground for the intellectual
challenge of Catharism, and the region is undergoing its
own renaissance. Commoners and nobles alike support
Cathar doctrines and reject the authority of the Church.

The Cathars are sometimes confused by outsiders with
the Waldensians, another heretical sect of the Languedoc,
who preach the holiness of poverty. While Catharism does
reject material luxury, this is merely as the consequence of
a larger doctrine, not as a primary guiding principle. The
Waldensians also reject many Roman traditions, such as
the authority of the Pope, prayers for the dead and the
veneration of saints, but they are not dualists.

Other information on Manichacism, Albigenses and
Waldenses may be found in Chapter Five of the Dark Ages
Companion.

THOSE WHO PRAY


Tue Nature OF JEsus

Many heresies revolve around controversies over the *

nature of Jesus Christ himself. According to Orthodox
Church doctrine, Jesus was the son of God on the Virgin
Mary, a man-God in whom the human and the divine were
fused: He was, paradoxically, both God and man at the same
time. Although dualists have their own idiosyncratic inter-
pretations of this, many do not dispute it in essence. Others,
however, do. These heresies are not generally preached in
the same way as dualism, but they may be remembered by
older Cainites, and perhaps used to upset the Church or to
inspire a protégé.

Adoptionism has been condemned by one Church
council after another, but it continues to be debated, even
by respected Church elders. Adoptionists believe that
Christ was a true man, born of man and woman, but one
who was, uniquely, without sin, and that He was adopted
by God — probably at the time of his baptism — and
appointed to serve His purpose on Earth. Their belief that
Christ was not of a fully divine nature is contrary to
repeatedly established doctrine.

Arianism is named for the fourth-century theologian
Arius, who taught that Jesus, although supernatural in ori-
gin, was not created from the same substance as God. He was,
Arius believed, merely the first and the highest of all finite
beings — not infinite like the other two members of the
Trinity. Arianism was condemned by the Council of Nicaea
in A.D. 325, which established and affirmed the doctrine of
the unity of the divine essence and the equality of the
Trinity, but it continued to flourish in Eastern Europe.

Nestorianism was another early heresy. It was first
reported in A.D. 429 and was condemned not only by the
Third Ecumenical Council two years later, but repeatedly
over the next 200 years. Nestorians accept the Church's
teaching that Christ possessed two natures, the human
and the divine, but they believe that these cannot be
combined within a single person or personality. Christ
must therefore, they say, have two distinct aspects. They
also conclude that Mary cannot be the Mother of God
because she could have given birth only to the human
aspect of Jesus, not the divine aspect.

The beliefs of the Monophysites and Monothelites are
quite opposite to those of the Nestorians, but are equally
heretical curiously, having been denounced regularly by
Church councils from the fifth to the seventh century. The
Monophysites believe that Christ had only one nature, any
human element being utterly dominated by the divine. The
Monothelites' subtly different belief is that only one will —
the divine will — guided Christ's actions.

PELAGIANISM

Pelagianism is an odd and now obscure heresy, which
nevertheless retains an attraction for some Cainites. Pelagius
came to Rome circa A.D. 400, where he taught that salvation

THREE PILLARS

can be achieved through purely human powers, without the
intervention of the divine. Needless to say, his doctrine was
quickly condemned by the Church.

Pelagianism is of particular interest to religiously in-
clined vampires because many of them feel abandoned by
God. Vampires, according to their reasoning, are the
unliving, the Damned; they are soulless, cut off forever from
the divine. If they are to achieve salvation, it cannot be
through divine mercy, but only through their own actions
and abilities.

For these Cainites, traditional Church doctrine offers
little or no hope. Those who remember or learn the teach-
ings of Pelagius are often attracted to it, and have helped to
keep the heresy alive.

Story SEEDS

East AND WEST

Political tensions between the Eastern and Western
Churches are an excellent source for stories, opening up
opportunities for plenty of exotic scenery, doctrinal dis-
putes, obscure heresies and magical cults, and vast, slow
currents of political and religious history that affect both
Cainites and mortals.

The characters could be messengers between the To-
reador masters of Celestine III and their rival clanmates in
the Orthodox Church, or spies sent to stir up trouble
between the two branches of Toreador Christianity. They
could even begin as ignorant, but sweet-tasting mortals,
sent by Rome as goodwill gifts or as poisoned chalices. An
advanced chronicle could begin with the division of the
Roman Empire and span the centuries of conflict and
rapprochement.

For more information about playing in the East, see
Constantinople by Night.

HERESY

The conflict between Church and heretics is an easy
source of good-guy-bad-guy stories. A pious and humanitar-
ian heretic speaks his mind; the oppressive forces of the
Church try to suppress him; our heroes must decide whether
to stand up for the honest fellow or to join the baddies. This
sort of story requires a bit of tweaking to make it original —
organized-religion-as-bad-guy is too familiar.

Although simple good-guy-bad-guy stories about pi-
ous heretics being oppressed by an evil Church are easy to
think up, they need a twist to make them interesting.
Perhaps the heretic is not the good guy he seems to be.
Perhaps he is an agent provocateur, trying to draw out
heretics in order to hand them over to the mob. Perhaps
he is a werewolf, preaching against the Church's opulence
because he fears all civilization. (In this case, some rioters
are in for a nasty surprise.) Perhaps he is a Ventrue who
cannot feed on churchgoers.


Stress the frenzy of the mob, perhaps goaded on by the
bishop or priest, rather than organized Church punishment.
Perhaps a priest stands up for the heretic and is burned for his
pains; such an action could easily divide the crowd, leading to
internecine rioting through the streets of the coterie's previ-
ously quiet city. A Cainite with a fondness for the Byzantine
might deliberately instigate such strife (by Dominating her-
etic, priest and mob leaders alike) in order to bring down the
city's prince, or simply because she likes to watch things burn.

Heresy stories are most interesting, though, when the
heresy itself has some bearing on the plot or characters. Old
vampires may adhere to old heresies, thought long dead. An

ancient prince in a remote town permits only Pelagianism to
be preached among Cainites or kine, and he finds himself in
conflict with a resurgent Rome backed by the Toreador.
Heretical philosophies may drive Cainites to seek out magickal
methods of testing or enforcing those philosophies — imagine
a conspiracy of powerful clerical mages who had converted to
Catharism and were trying to find some magickal way to
transubstantiate mortal flesh into divine spirit, so that people
could escape the material prison. What would be the results of
their experiments? How would the Cappadocians be involved?
What would happen if the Tremere got a hold of their research
and put it to their own evil use?

THOSE WHO PRAY


THE CATHAR CONVERT

Quote: Look around you. Look at yourself; look at me. This is no work of God.
Prelude: You were born the youngest child of a noble, and enjoyed a fine
education, though you had many questions your tutor could not answer. Why is there
evil in the world? Why does God make so many suffer? As you grew up, you stopped
worrying about these problems. You became an admired poet and singer, and
concentrated on more immediate problems such as how to maintain two or
three secret affairs without your parents or any of your lovers finding out.
Your Embrace was gentle, even loving, like a kiss. You were talking
ona balcony with one of your father's guests, who spoke of ages past; of
the search for God; of poetry, of the heart, and oh, of so many things.
It was a warm, clear night; there was a moment of unutterable pleasure,
then a moment of undeniable hunger. Your sire's servant showed his
neck to you, and the sweet taste of his vitae moved you like nothing
you had experienced before.
Your sire stayed with you until he was content that you had learned
enough to survive in the society of the night, but he could not fill the void
that he had created in your soul. You would never again see the sun, never
again feel the breeze of a bright Autumn afternoon, never again enjoy
bathing in a warm summer river.
Now you needed to know the answers to those childhood questions.

Why had God done this to you?
You found the answer in the teachings of the Cathars. Only the
soul is the work of God; all flesh is the Devil's craft. The extinguishing
of your soul could only have been the Devil's work, for now you are flesh
and flesh alone, without even the redeeming spark of the divine. But you

will not concede the Devil's victory: Soulless though you may be, you
will rise above him, and do God's work as best you can. Your clothes may
be ragged and your body a hulk of dead flesh, but somehow, almost
impossibly, your unlife continues.

Concept: You know the evil of flesh more intimately than any
mortal can, and you want desperately to help the living understand
their condition. Denied redemption for yourself, you try to achieve it
through others. You try to starve the Beast, but it only seems to become

more ravenous.

Roleplaying Hints: You are an outsider, a self-imposed exile from
normal religion, unable to join fully in your new creed. You try to follow

the ascetic strictures of Catharism, but obviously you must drink blood to
live. You drink as little as possible, and are kind to your vessels. As far as
you can, you live as though you had received the consolamentum.

Equipment: Ragged clothing


|
|

} Name: Nature: Penitent GENERATION: 72th
PLAYER: DEMEANOR! Loner HAVEN:
CHRONICLE: CLAN: Brajah CONCEPT: Cathar Convert
ATTRIBUTES
PuysicaL Sociat MENTAL
Strength, @000 _ Charisma @@@000 Perception. @@e@000
Dexterity. @000 Manipulation. @®00000 _ Intelligence. e0o
Stamina @e@e@e@000o Appearance e@e00o0o $ Wits @e@ee000 i,
FABILITIES V
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting 000000 _ Animal Ken. 000000 Academics____@®@@000 )
Alertness. @@0000 Archery. 000000 _ Hearth Wisdom__@@®0000
Athletics O00000 Crafts. @00000 Investigation. 000000
Brawl, @@0000_ Etiquette. @00000 Law. @00000
Dodge. 0000 Herbalism. @00000 Linguistics @00000
Empathy. @@0000 Melee. @00000 Medicine @00000
Intimidation, 000000 Music 000000. Cccult. @@0000
Larceny. 000000 Ride @00000 Politics. @00000 ]
Leadership. @00000 Stealth, @00000 _ Science 000000
Subterfuge. 000000 _ Survival @@0000_ Seneschal @@0000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS "VIRTUES
Cderity ___@®00000 Contacts ____®®@000 Qi
"Ditence __@00000 _Herd ss e@ee00 0 oe \
Presence @@0000 __—OO 0000 Self-Control @0000 \
=  ~-90G000 00000
000000 00000 _ Courage ane | (|
== OTHER TRAITS Road HEALTH 74
000000 Heaven Bruised O y
000000 H 10
eeeeeeeeed urt
000000 Injured 10 (
000000 ___w, Wounded 21 Bl
ILLPOWER
900000 Mauled 2b)
000000 @®@®@®@®e00000 Crippled 25 EC]
900000 yn nnnononooo00 Incapacitated Oo
000000 -
> 2 * . _ === Bioop Poo. ——= BOMNERS
ooooog COOOOOOOO
ooooog ODOOOOOOO0

et Sa gon

SD



HUMBLE
BEGINNINGS

In my father's house there are many mansions. The first rests
securely upon thick walls of stone. The second rises in high walls
of colored glass. But there is also a third great manor — one of
thatched roofs and daubed walls that whistle in the wind. A great
hall resounding with the commotion of pigs and chickens. A
gallery decked in banners of onion and garlic.

Crammed intoevery corner ofthisgrandestate live the teeming
masses of humanity — the peasantry. Over 70 million souls toil
and die beneath this roof. More than 98% of the population of
Dark Medieval Europe calls these familiar confines home.

Life here is a daily physical struggle. Most people lose this
struggle before the age of 40. Hard labor, famine, pestilence,
warfare and even darker predators dwell among the inhabitants,
preying upon them.

These are the two inescapable truths for those who dwell
within — they labor and they die. The peasants carry the burden
of toilandimpendingdeath with themalways. Hauntingreminders
assail their ears from each song, hymn and story. Unsettling images
leap from their paintings, sculpture and even the architecture itself.

It is impossible for the residents of this grim estate to even
conceive of a life without daily toil. It is, in fact, as unimaginable
to them as the thought of a life without death.

But from beneath this patina of toil and mortality, some-
thing larger than life occasionally peeks through, catches the
light. An unshakable determination, an irrefutable practicality
and evenahumble nobility dwells within these walls —strengths
capable of defying even diabolical designs.

Getting down to this core of precious metal may take a bit of
work but, as any good wife can tell you, "Rub a penny long enough
and it will shine."

PILLAR OF FIRE, PILLAR OF
SMOKE, PILLAR OF SALT

The Dark Medieval peasant is surrounded by powerful
images evoked by the words he hears and the symbols he sees.
These symbols from art and scripture provide a spectacular
window directly into the peasantry's lives, thoughts and beliefs.

Dark Medieval society can be pictured as a mansion supported
by three great pillars — the nobility, the clergy and the peasantry.
These three pillars lean noticeably together. Any crisis that weakens
one threatens to bring the entire edifice crumbling to the ground.

TuHosE WHO WAR

Resist the temptation to rank these three pillars in order of
importance. To the 20th-century reader, immersed ina culture of
individual freedoms, it might well seem that the peasant exists
merely at the whim of her lord.

Serffarmersare inherited with the landon which they toil. They
are one of three significant assets — ranked right alongside land and
oxen — that determine the taxes each lord owes the Crown.

THREE PILLARS

The peasant cannot even own the land that he toils upon his

~ entire life. He merely "holds" it for his lord and, in return for this

privilege, he owes the noble a great number of services and fines.

It is a mistake, however, to jump to the conclusion that the

peasantry exists only to serve the nobility. True, the serfs feed and

support their lord, his family, his castle and his army. But the nobles
also have important duties that they must perform in return.

Foremost among these responsibilities is protecting the
peasants from encroaching wolves, bandits and armies. Nobles
also provide leadership, justice, and an important sense of
security in a rather uncertain world. In times of want, nobles
give generously to keep their serfs alive through the harsh
winters. In times of strife, the nobles shelter displaced peasants
and refugees within the castle walls.

The nobles can, however, prove to be stern and demanding
masters. Few would hesitate to strike an intractable servant or to
punish a rebellious one. All too often, the peasants are viewed
primarily as tools or assets and only secondarily as human beings.

To the enlightened minority of nobles, however, the peas-
antry are not chattel, but rather a solemn charge. These lords
demonstrate an almost paternal responsibility over the peasants
— each one is a Christian soul given over to his keeping. For
every one, he must give accounting at the final judgment.

Fulfilling his duties to lead and protect often means going
to war, yet always means being ready for war. This single factor
is the key to decoding all the mysteries of the noble pillar.

A lord must secure himselfa fighting force. The backbone
of the Dark Medieval fighting force is the heavy cavalry — the
knight. The lord attracts, creates, or retains loyal knights by
granting them some of his own lands. They swear fealty to him
in return, becoming his vassals. They take responsibility for
the land and for the peasants who dwell there and pledge to
fight for the lord whenever he should call.

It is expensive to maintain a single knight, much less a
significant fighting force. Thus, giving the knight his own land, or
fief, is expedient — it grants him the means to support himself.

These newly granted lands are known asa "knight's fee." A
fee in Dark Medieval Europe does not refer to a tax or fine, but
rather to a parcel of land. The word shares the same linguistic
root as "fief." Both come from the Germanic "foefum" (or
chattel). Even in fairytales, the words "fee," "fief," and "foefum"
conjure up thoughts of the noble blood of an Englishman.

A fief is not measured by its acreage, but rather by the
value of the land. A knight's fee provides enough revenue to
equip and support one knight — about six Librum per year.
The lords are not in the habit of parceling out any more land
than necessary until the knight has proved his worth.

When speaking of the noble pillar, it is traditional to
categorize its denizens as "those who fight." No other character-
istic isas important. The noble'sfirst duty isnot torule, nortolead,
nor even to judge — although each of these is an important
function that he fulfills. The country depends on equal parts toil,
prayer and force of arms; and the nobles supply the force of arms.


Tuosk WHo Pray

Interdependence also exists between the peasantry and
theclergy. Although it is true thata man of the cloth outranks
any individual serf, it is unwise to assert that the clergy is
collectively more important than the peasantry.

Serfs often owe the same obligations to the clergy as they
do to more secular authorities. The great cathedrals, abbeys
and monasteries control sizable land holdings that must be
administered just like any other fief — with peasants tilling
the soil and tending to the flocks. Thus, the serf's lord might
just as easily be a lord bishop as a lord knight.

Even outside church lands, the peasantry has important
responsibilities to maintain the Church. Everyone is expected to
tithe — to donate a tenth of his income to the Church. This is as
solemn and legal a responsibility as paying taxes to one's lord.

Inaddition, every Christian is expected to give alms not only
to feed the poor, but also to the mendicant monks of the region.
Even the poorest serfs readily give what alms they can. They are
aware that the line dividing them from the landless poor is not so
substantial that it cannot be erased by one unseasonable storm,
poor harvest, long winter, drought, injury, famine, death, raid, etc.

All are required to attend Mass on Sunday and on holy
days. The peasants do not understand much of the Mass they
hear each Sunday. The priest speaks entirely in Latin — the
learned language of the day. The peasant, however, cannot
even read or write his own language.

In return for the peasant's devotion, the clergy tends to his
immortal soul. The monks and priests renounce all things worldly,
denying themselves even the comfort of marriage and family in this
single-minded pursuit. The Church becomes their bride; their
community, their family. Clergymen dutifully tend to theiradopted
family. They administer the sacraments: baptism, Communion,
confirmation, absolution, ordination, marriage and extreme unc-
tion. They preserve learning, the law and the written word.

Although the peasants cannot read, it would be a mistake to
think that because of this they are simple. Their ingenuity isevident
in their works of enduring artistry and craftsmanship. In the purely
abstract, intellectual reali, most peasants have a firm grasp ofsome
very complex theological issues, despite the fact that they willnever
in their lifetimes have the opportunity to read the Bible.

A significant part of the serfs knowledge of scripture is
drawn from the rich iconography — the images and symbols
depicting the lives of the saints and other Biblical figures —
that surrounds him. The walls and windows of the churches are
vibrant with these potent picture stories.

In fact, the easiest way to grasp the concept of the three
pillars is from within the mindset of the Dark Medieval serf. To
the peasant, any talk of symbolic pillars conjures up the
Biblical images with which he is familiar.

In the Book of Exodus, the Jews are led out of Egypt by a
pillar of smoke by day and a pillar of fire by night. Dark
Medieval society is also led by two pillars.

IN

AWWA sho

THOSE WHO TOIL


The noble pillar is a pillar of fire. This pillar presides over
the destruction of Pharaoh's army. In Dark Medieval Europe,
it is the all-too-familiar aurora in the night sky signifying that
aneighboring village has been pillaged and burned. This pillar
is characterized not only by wrath and destruction, but also by
justice and divine vengeance descending from Heaven.

In Exodus, the pillar of smoke guides the people out of
captivity and into the desert, the uncharted no-man's land
between this world and the next. It is the smoke of incense, the
essence of prayer rising to Heaven and the outward sign of
divine presence descending upon the faithful. For the denizens
of Dark Medieval Europe, the smoke represents the clergy,
who offer prayers on behalf of the assembled and dispense
divine blessing within the community.

It is significant that the purpose of these two Biblical
pillars is to lead and guide the people. The pillar of fire goes
ahead to clear the way forward and to protect the people. It
leads in all matters temporal, earthly. The pillar of smoke is
man's spiritual compass. It is the conduit of divine grace and
wisdom that guides the community.

TuosE Who TOIL

To the Dark Medieval peasant, discussion of a third pillar
immediately calls to mind another Biblical pillar — the pillar
of salt. When the Lord destroys the city of Gomorra, the
faithful flee the city without looking back.

What starts off as another story of deliverance as in
Exodus, here takes on a tragic note. This time it is not the
pursuing army that is brought to ruin, but rather the fleeing
exile who takes one last look over her shoulder. Lot's wife, who
has already lost her home, her history and her heritage, paysan
even dearer price and is transformed into a pillar of salt.

Here salt is directly associated with exile, grief and the
high price of disobedience — elements that closely link this
element with the peasantry. Salt has many other shades of
meaning in Dark Medieval society, all of which firmly tie it to
the third pillar. It conjures up images of sorrow (the salt of
tears) and toil (the salt of sweat) and loss (the salt of blood).

Besides these negative connotations, salt plays a critically
positive role in the life of the peasantry. Even in this time of rare
and wondrous seasonings flowing into Europe from the Far East,
salt remains the most important of spices. Its power goes far
beyond merely rendering food more palatable; salt is used to cure
and preserve meat — holding back the ravages of hunger.

These three pillars — the fire of the nobility, the smoke
of the clergy, and the salt of the peasantry — support the
structure of Dark Medieval society. They are interdependent
and as equally important as the next. The strength of each is
necessary for the stability of the whole.

THREE PILLARS OF VAMPIRIC SOCIETY

Just as mortal society is built upon three pillars, the
Cainite court also divides those who fight, those who pray and
those who toil. When dealing with the Damned, however,
there is a grave danger in outward appearances.


Clinging to mortal perceptions can prove to be fatally deceiv-

| ing. Few vampires will get a second chance after making the
mistake of assuming, for instance, that a female vampire will be
physically weaker than a male, or that a youthful vampire will be
more easily duped than one of more wizened visage. Similarly,

| asuming that a vampire existing among the peasantry is less capable
|

i than, or subservient to, a vampire noble is a recipe for disaster.

Takecarenottoconfusea vampire'srank duringhis mortal life
| with his role after death. Death is a great social equalizer. Here,
slaves and emperors meet on level ground.

The dramatic changes of the Embrace and the discovery of his

| new powers often drive a vampire into a deathstyle very different
from his mortal lifestyle.

Many neonates take up the trappings of mortal nobles, setting
themselves up as lords over men. For the mortal serf, who has lived
his entire life as a semi-free peasant, the Embrace is double-edged

| — the ultimate grant of freedom and the damnation of God's

| abandonment. For the cleric, the change often heralds an aban-
donment of his former vocation in the face of the blasphemous
monstrosity he has become.

The change can just as easily herald a fledgling vampire into
the arms of the clergy. Fired by a single-minded pursuit of the
spiritual, the neophyte grapples with his personal dark angel, trying
to grasp the supernatural change that has been wrought in him.

The Embrace also drives many into the peasant lifestyle as
they flee the familiar confines of the mortal community for the
wilder, untamed regions of Europe. For some it is a matter of exile;
for others, penance; for others still, survival.

Tue CAINITE PEASANTRY

Atfirst glance, the role of the peasant seems to have little to
offerthe power-craving Cainite. The image of the Dark Medieval
serf toiling in the dust and dung, laboring from dawn until dusk,
is not a romantic one. There are, however, very compelling
reasons to believe that the peasant vampire is the most deadly
predator in all of Cainite society.

First ofall, itis worth noting that the most powerful vampires
in history are drawn directly from the ranks of the peasantry.
Caine himself, father and namesake of all vampires, hails from
peasant stock: "And Abel was a keeper of sheep, but Cain was a
tiller of the ground" (Genesis 4:2).

Caine is subsequently cursed for killing his brother — a
heinouscrime that isboth the first murder and the first kinslaying.
According to the vampire creation myth, this curse damns Caine
to his eternal unlife.

The curse also deprives Caine of the fruit ofhis labor. "When
thou tillest the ground, it shall not henceforth yield unto thee."
While Adam is cursed to "eat the dust of the earth," Caine is
denied even this meager fare. The only nourishment left to him
is the blood of his victims.

The very fact that the Earth will not bend to the will of Caine
and his childer is significant. Since the time of Caine, no vampire
hasmadeasuccessful living with the plow. However, alarge portion
—a full third — of Cainite society is made up of the peasantry.

In order to unravel this dilemma, one must first realize
that the stereotypical Dark Medieval peasant — the down-
trodden serf —represents only asmall fraction of the peasantry.
Consider fora moment, the vast range of peasant occupations:
the hosts of artisans, craftsmen, freeholders, millers, woodcut-
ters, woodsmen, domestic servants, peddlers, merchants,
burghers, guildsmen, sergeants, yeomen, hermits, heretics,
outcasts, outlaws and many, many others that make up the
teeming ranks of the peasantry.

"A fugitive and vagabond shalt thou be." In one sense, all
Cainites are lords over men. The vampire preys upon and
manipulates mortal pawns at whim. In another very important
sense, however, all Cainites belong to the peasantry. They are
the outcasts and excommunicants forever shut off from the
society of mortals.

There is a very important realization hidden in this
apparent dichotomy. When you describe a vampire as a noble
or peasant, you are not making a claim about his status in
mortal society. Rather, you are asserting his ranking within
Cainite society.

A vampire living on the fringe of Cainite society —
perhaps dwelling in an isolated locale far from the nerve-
center of the prince's court — is a peasant. Cainite society is,
in fact, so city-based that all rural vampires can be considered
part of the peasantry.

For some Cainite peasants, their remoteness from the
court is not geographic, but rather political. Just like the
mortal pariah or heretic, these Cainite outsiders belong to the
peasantry even when they gird themselves in the trappings of
lords or priests. A self-styled robber-baron for instance, whether
rural or urban, is still an outlaw and a peasant.

Peasants are also found firmly entrenched within the
prince's court. While princes, elders and courtiers are the
nobles of Cainite society, the loyal retainers, sycophants,
bodyguards, messengers, assassins, physicians, toadies, ambas-
sadors, aides de camp, entertainers, concubines, etc. associated
with these lords all belong to the peasantry.

"And Caine said unto the Lord, my punishment is greater
than I can bear." A full 33% of all Cainites are peasants — an
astounding figure given that the peasantry accounts for over
98% of mortal society.

Clearly, only the most exceptional peasants are ever
selected to shake off their mortal coils. While a noble might be
chosen on the basis of his wealth, influence, fighting skill or
family connections, a peasant has seemingly little to offer. In
fact, the only advantage the mortal peasant might bring to his
immortal existence is his personal strength of character or,
conversely, the intensity of his depravity.

Peasant vampires are fearful adversaries. They have been
tempered, first in the crucible of mortal suffering, and then in
the furnace of their neonate vulnerability. While a noble
might use his temporal resources to buy off the consequences
of an early enmity or misstep, the Cainite peasant has little
collateral to secure the loan of the early nights of his unlife.

THOSE WHO TOIL


The main advantage of the peasant neonate is his raw

potential. Remember, it is extremely rare for any mortal to be.

selected for the Embrace. Dark Medieval Europe accommo-
dates roughly one vampire for every 1,000 mortals. This ratio
is fairly fixed due to limited food supply. In addition, the
longevity of these predators ensures that there are very few
new openings during any given century.

The mortal peasant is less likely to be Embraced than a
nobleman or clergyman. The peasant neonate invariably
possesses frightening reserves of raw strength, character, tal-
ent or determination. The drawback here, of course, is that
these elite recruits are often earmarked for highly specialized
and potentially fatal duties.

A Creature Drvipep AGAINST ITSELF

The vampire is a deceptive and perverse creature. In
mortal society, a person's lifestyle and his pillar of life are one
and the same. One who toils is indubitably found among the
peasantry. Those who pray wear the robes of the clergy.
Fighting is the domain of the nobility.

The Cainite, however, is a duplicitous being —a creature
divided against itself. For the vampire, the guise he wears does
not always correspond to his function within Cainite society.

Among those who toil, many still surround themselves
with the trappings of mortal serfs. Others, however, require all
the resources of the nobility or the Church to carry out their
intricate projects.

For many Dark Medieval Cainites, the main purpose of
their unlives seldom rise above night-to-night survival. Limi-
tations of food supply and the need for secrecy can drive a
vampire far from the familiar confines of the court and out into
the wilds of Europe — regions untouched by mortal hands
since the dawn of time. These beings seldom interact in any
way with the society of the Damned. They are the hermits,
drop-outs and outcasts of Cainite society.

Many Cainite peasants, however, still play an important
role within that society, supporting it by works. Some, for
example, cultivate vast mortal herds. While providing suste-
nance for their brethren, they develop powerful networks of
mortal pawns.

Others are the society's procurers, catering to the varied
and insatiable desires of the Damned. A Cainite peasant
might specialize in a particular rare commodity. Artwork,
coffee, musicians, poppies, youth and above all, secrets invari-
ably bring high prices among Cainite patrons.

Still other Cainite peasants are terrifying in their
single-minded pursuit of one specific task, geas or duty. The
solemn charge of such a Cainite peasant might be main-
taining an ancient cemetery, bearing a fabled weapon or
preserving a calamitous secret. He might be the self-ap-
pointed guardian angel of a mortal or of an entire line of
mortals. These Cainite peasants are closely tied with quests,
relics, ancient lore, haunts and curses. They are those who
strive beyond death.

THREE PILLARS

THe Rurat PEASANT

When you picture the peasant, the image that the mind
conjures up is that of the rural serf — a poor farmer toiling under
back-breaking labor. Although the serfs make up the majority of the
peasantry, they are certainly not the only members of this pillar.

A wide variety of burghers, artisans, craftsmen, peddlers
and traders are found within the burgeoning towns and cities.
Even in country villages one finds villeins, freemen, servants
and slaves living side-by-side with the serfs.

THE SERF

The life of the rural serf is not as grimy and downtrodden
as one might imagine. Keep in mind that the serf is not at the
absolute bottom rung of the Dark Medieval social ladder. He
is still a fair cut above the slave, and as long as he manages to
bring in his harvest while paying his tithes and taxes, he can
keep his head above the level of the landless poor.

Serfs are considered semi-free. They enjoy some personal
rights, prominent among them is the right of access to the courts of
justice. Although a serf cannot bring case against any nobleman or
clergyman, he doeshave recourse against his neighbors. Ownership
of livestock and the position of boundary stones between neighbor-
ing fields are always popular points of contention.

Another important right that sets the serf apart from the
slave is inheritance. Although a serf does not own land, he can
pass his tenantship agreement on to his heirs. The lord cannot
uproot serfs on a whim and shuffle them around between his
various estates as he might with slaves. He cannot chase them
from his land as he is apt to do with the idle poor.

With these basic rights, the serf acquires some important
responsibilities. The foremost of these duties is corvee — the
obligation of labor. Each lord possesses land that he reserves
solely for his private use. These untenanted lands are referred
toas the lord's demesne. Each serf must spend three days each
week working his lord's demesne.

The work consists of the same type of labor the serf
performs for himself the rest of the week — planting, reaping
and sowing in season. It sometimes means tending the vine-
yards and orchards or caring for herds of sheep, swine or cattle.
Other times, it means fencing, ditching or even doing odd jobs.

Corvee does not, in itself, fulfill the serfs responsibility to
his lord. The serf also pays a variety of taxes either to the
Crown or to the local nobility. Most often, these taxes are paid
in kind — that is, paid with goods rather than money.

Any emergency — a war, a disaster, a captured lord's
ransom — results in the levying of a new tax. Many of these
taxes continue to be collected annually, even when the
emergency that sparked them has faded into dim memory. In
England, for instance, the peasants have long paid the yearly
Danegeld (or Dane's tax). Originally, this tax was a means for
raising money to fight off the invading Danes. Later it became
a tribute to pacify the Danes and, finally, a tax paid to the
Danish kings who sat on the throne of England.


The serfis also expected to make use of certain services his
lord provides. The peasant must pay to use the lord's mill to
grind grain and his ovens to bake bread. The lord also owns the
local wine press, the fish streams, the hunting woods, the
rabbit warrens, etc. The peasants, of course, must pay to use
these facilities. These payments are known as "banalities."

Obviously, some peasants are somewhat irked by this
arrangement. It is not surprising that one of the most sinister
characters in the folklore of the time is the local miller. The
miller, and the others who provide these services, are them-
selves peasants attached to the lord's manor. It is traditional
for them to hold out a share of the grain or wine as payment
to the lord. They also retain a share for themselves in return
for their services.

THE SERVANT

Many younger siblings, who are notin line to inherit their
father's plot of land, go into service at the manor. These
landless peasants in the service of a lord are referred to as
servants rather than serfs. They are members of the lord's
household, exchanging their labor for room and board and
usually some small wage.

Scullerers, cooks, slaughterers, bakers, brewers, poulterers
and their assistants labor in the kitchens. Pantry maids and
butlers look after the provisions and wine cellars. Valets and
dressing maids see to the proper attire of the lord and lady, while
tailors and laundresses care for the clothes themselves. Grooms
and carters maintain the stables. Clerks, messengers, heralds
and men-at-arms run errands and do the lord's bidding.

The number of servants a lord maintains is a reflection of
his status. Thirty servants might be required to run an average
village manor house. A staff of 60 is not unusual for a more
influential lord to run a household of similar size. A more
ambitious or aggressive lord maintains a sizable household
guard in addition to the domestic staff.

THE SLAVE

Even the most menial household servant enjoys many
advantages over the slave. A slave is considered the property
of his owner. He can be bought or sold at will. Entire families
can be uprooted, split apart and redistributed according to
their master's judgment. A slave enjoys no rights, personal,

legal or otherwise, except at the whim of his owner.

The word "slave" derives from the Slavic people of Eastern
Europe who were frequent victims of the slave trade. In the
north, Viking raiders played a large part in the spread of slavery,
taking many prisoners and selling them at foreign ports of call.

Although by 20th-century sensibilities, the concept of
slavery is clearly at odds with basic Christian values, the
universal condemnation of slavery is a very late development.
The Dark Medieval Church is quite firm that Christians cannot
have other Christians as slaves. The Church is less stalwart
about the practice of enslaving the infidel who, during most of
this period, is in open conflict with the Christian nations.


THE SERF
HIERARCHY

Dark Medieval society is riddled with hierarchies. Even
among the very poor, there is a clear pecking order. The very
lowest tier of serfis the cottager. The cottager typically has a roof
over his head, a yard with a vegetable garden (a "croft") anda
tiny strip of land behind his cottage for growing grain (a "toft').

Given a bountiful harvest, the cottager can aspire to
subsistence living. During hard times, he depends on the
generosity of the parish church and the lord of the manor to
feed his family.

The next step in the serf hierarchy is the small holder who
works between 10 to 20 acres of land in various parcels about
the manor. It is virtually unheard of for a small holder to have
one compact plot of landas a serf's fields are frequently divided
between his heirs upon his death.

Marriage can add non-adjacent lands to his holding as
well. Given that it is impossible to marry outside of the lord's
manor without his permission, the holdings soon take on a
scattered, patchwork look as individual fields change hands
time and time again.

The highest tier of the serf hierarchy is the villein. His
holding is typically double the size and value of that of the
small holder. However, this is not to imply that the villein was
a comfortable gentleman farmer.

The basic unit of land value is the "hide." A hide averages
about 120 acres, although it can vary widely, from between 60
to 240 acres. This variance arises from the fact that land is
measured not in terms of size, but rather in terms of value. Sixty
acres of fertile ground might quite sensibly be considered a
match for 240 acres of bog. The hide has become the basic tax
unit for England and other feudal societies.

A hide is loosely defined as the amount of land you can
cultivate each year with an eight-ox plow. Of course, no indi-
vidual serf can afford to maintain a full team of eight oxen, but
then again, no serf can boast that he cultivates an entire hide.

The hide is subdivided into quarters. Each quarter is
called a virgate. A prosperous villein holds about one virgate
of land. The tax rolls also mention half-virgates that are about
the total ofasmall holder's fields. Smaller units are so insignifi-
cant that they are not even taxed directly.

DEATH AND TAXES

Even in transcending death, the Cainite has yet to escape
the other certainty of mortal existence — taxes. The feudal
lords bring great ingenuity to bear in devising new taxes and
finding better ways to collect them.

When William the Conqueror seized the English throne
in 1066, he immediately set about taking stock of his new
kingdom. The culmination of this effort came 20 years later
with the commission of a project of incredible scope. This
project has become known as the Domesday Book.


The Domesday Book was intended to be acomplete record

| of all the land holdings in England. Its purpose was to deter-

mine and record the value of each noble's property with an eye

toward taxing him accordingly. The result was something

greater still — a picture, frozen in time, of the feudal assets of
every lord of the realm.

Teams of clerks blanketed the countryside. In each re-
gion, they convened a local court where the inhabitants came
forward to give testimony as to land ownership, feudal bonds
and tenantship agreements. The clerks assessed land value,
the capability of the local lords to harvest that wealth, and
even whether the value of the land was rising or falling over
20-year period. After this detailed investigation, of course,
they tallied up the bill.

There is a persistent, if perhaps apocryphal, rumor that
following the success of William's Domesday Book, a similar
project was commissioned among England's undying lords.

Cainite agents of the Crown have a carefully cultivated
reputation for pressing pointed and indelicate questions. There
isno denying that, of late, they have been abroad in force. The
rumored Roll of the Damned, however, should it exist even in
part, would be a very dangerous little grimoire indeed.

First, there is the obvious danger that the work threatens
to shatter the Silence of the Blood concerning vampiric
activities. Should even a single manuscript page of this work
fall into mortal hands, it might precipitate a concentrated
mortal backlash.

Secondly, if the rumors are to be believed, this volume
contains a complete list of all feudal obligations between the
English Cainites — the clan affiliations, the Oaths of the
Blood, the feudal ties, the pacts of coterie, the great pledges
and curses that are the sole raison d'étre of certain exceptional
Cainite peasants. Even an outcast vampire with this informa-
tion at his disposal could penetrate the innermost workings of
Cainite society. This work's raw potential for blackmail makes
it an even more coveted prize.

Furthermore, such a tome would contain a valued listing of
all the assets of each vampire lord — his ghouls, herds, retainers
and slaves. An in-depth knowledge of the pawns of any Cainite
isasignificant lever that might be brought to bear against him.

The most disturbing question to arise out of the maze of
speculation surrounding this Roll of the Damned hinges on its
ultimate purpose. Little can be gleaned save that England's
Cainites are coming under exacting scrutiny. It would seem
that they are being systematically evaluated with an eye
toward some great reckoning.

Tue Roap TO FREEDOM

Taxes fall especially heavy on the peasantry. Excessive
debt can drive even a free man back into the fold of the serfs.

The title "villein" originally referred to a free farmer who
paid rents to the local lord in return for his holding. By the end
ofthe first millennium, however, the villein had become aserf,
bound to the land and its lord.

The courts of the 12th century maintain that a free man
who takes up residence ina villeinage —a term for the holding
of a villein that gives rise to the word "village" — has thus
forfeited his free status.

This is an important point to grasp. In Dark Medieval
Europe, a person's status is not simply a function of his birth.
Rank depends upon fulfilling certain expectations. Just as a
free man can become a serf simply by taking on the lifestyle of
a villein, the operation can work in reverse, too.

There are four major ways for a serf to win his freedom.
First, he can be granted his liberty by his lord. This formal grant
of freedom is known as manumission. It is only given in return
for some great service done on the lord's behalf. A serf might
win his freedom by saving his master's life or the life of his heir;
protecting his wife or daughters from being ravaged; saving the
manor from burning to the ground or even recovering a
favorite mount or family heirloom.

Manumission is totally at the discretion of the lord. A
harsh lord might deny a serf his freedom under any citcum-
stances, or even contrive to cheat a free man of his status.

A more generous lord allows a serf to purchase his free-
dom. This second path to freedom, however, is perhaps even
more difficult for the rural serf to attain. Seldom does he raise
his head above the level of subsistence living. When he does,
it is often a much greater priority to see his children appren-
ticed to a good trade or favorably married. Although children
born of free parents are themselves free, a grant of freedom to
the parents does not retroactively free their children.

Marriage toa free man or woman, however, raises a serf to free
status. This third path to freedom makesforsome convoluted family
dynamics. If a serf buys or is granted her freedom, her husband
instantly becomes free as well. Her existing children are still serfs,
but her future children, born of free parents, would be free, too.

The fourth and final way for a serf to become free is escape
to a town or city. There is a popular Dark Medieval saying,
"Town air is free air" — a powerful reminder of the fact that
who you are in this society depends on what you do. By
tradition, if a serf (or even a slave) manages to earn his living
in town fora period of a year and a day without his lord coming
to claim him, then that peasant becomes a free man.

This miraculous opportunity is only one small part of the
fascination that the burgeoning new towns hold for the rural
peasantry. The new breed of town popping up all across the
Europe during the 12th century woos the rural peasantry with
the promises of freedom, culture, wealth and destiny.

The rapid evolution of the town is the single most dy-
namic element of its era. Its importance eclipses even that of
the Crusades and the fiery nobles and clergymen who sustain
the holy wars.

In these towns, those who toil are producing something
rare and wondrous — crafting themselves into new leaders more
wealthy than nobles, more influential than clergymen. Soon,
they will shake the three pillars themselves and threaten to
overturn the delicate balance of Dark Medieval society.

THOSE WHO TOIL


THE HEARTH
THE HAMLET

The roots of Dark Medieval society are firmly planted in
the hamlet, the smallest of rural settlements. Although lone
villas and homesteads are common in the more remote and
inaccessible regions, the hamlet dominates the Dark Euro-
pean countryside right up until the turn of the first millennium.

The hamlet consists of as few as six peasant houses
clustered around a central social hall. If the settlement falls
along a busy road, the central building might be an inn or
hostel that caters to passersby as well as to the local populace.

The hamlet is not meant to be a self-sufficient unit. It is
strictly dependent on a nearby market town, both for acquir-
ing supplies and for bartering the season's crop.

Furthermore, the hamlet is strictly a peasant community.
There are no representatives from either of the other two
pillars present. There is no manor of the local lord to protect
or lead the community.

The populace is largely left at the mercy of raiding war
bands, brigands and even wolf packs. The services associated
with the lord's presence — such as the mill and communal
baking ovens —are absent altogether. Peasants make do with
slow, laborious hand-held grinders and do their own bakingon
the hearth — an inexact art at best.

The inhabitants also lack a church of their own. The locals
do not receive the sacraments on a regular basis. Baptism is
administered almost exclusively by midwives. Given the num-
ber of infants that perish within their first days on Earth, it is
critical that the sacrament not be delayed until the nearest
parish priest could arrive. The infant's place in the next life
often depends on haste in its first and last moments in this life.

In lieu ofa church building, many hamlets have a standing
stone cross around which the inhabitants gather in prayer and
worship. Many of these markers survive long after the surround-
ing peasant homes that make up the community have vanished.

THE VILLAGE

The 10th century witnessed the birth of the rural village.
By the 12th century, over 90% of the population of Dark
Medieval Europe lives in the village communities. A thriving
village consists of as many as 300 people, while the population
of the average settlement is about half that size.

While large families are seen as the ideal, the average serf
household contains only five members — two parents, two
surviving children and a member of the extended family. The
harsh reality is that a couple must have at least five or six
children to be reasonably sure that even one of their offspring
will live to adulthood.

A typical village, then, consists of about 30 homes. With
very few exceptions, all of the inhabitants are serfs. These semi-
free peasants work the fields, maintain the herds and tend the
vineyards and orchards. The serfs typical workday starts about an
hour before sunrise, usually with a breakfast of black bread and

THREE PILLARS

beer, and it runs until dark. He spends three days a week tending
"his own lands. He spends an additional three days each week
fulfilling corvee. Sunday is set aside as a day of rest and worship
throughout Christendom. In practice, however, there are always
chores, repairs and odd jobs to be addressed on the Sabbath.

Of the small fraction of villagers who are not serfs, most
are still peasants. Each village boasts a blacksmith who isa free
villager. The miller is also free and in wine country, there will
be a vintner, who maintains the lord's wine press.

It'is usually unprofitable (and hence, rare) for any other
specialized craftsman to reside in any settlement smaller thana
town or city. Such artisans reside in villages that are usually free,
although a valued artisan might be kept very closely by his lord.

Each village might house a few free men who pay rents to
the local lord in exchange for his protection and the use of his
land. These rents are seldom in the form of money, but rather
they are paid in the produce of the land.

A village also, on rare occasion, houses a freeholder. A
freeholder is as close as a peasant can come to owning his own
land. He owes no obligations to the local lord, but neither does
he necessarily enjoy any protections in return. A freehold
often lies between lands claimed by two rival lords and is a
point of heated contention. It is not unknown for anoble to try
to annex a freehold by guile, treachery or force of arms.

Other free peasants in the village include the reeve or bailiff.
Thereeve isa village leader, drawn from the ranks of the serfs, who
is responsible to the lord for the overall prosperity of the villagers.
He supervises the planting and harvest, making the rounds to
assure that each serf is performing his corvee duties. He can
pronounce judgments in cases of common law on the lord's
behalf. The reeve has his own lands to tend. He is assisted in his
duties by one or more hayward, also drawn from the village serfs.

A bailiffhas similar duties to the reeve, but he is amember
of the lord's household rather than a serf. His responsibilities
center around the lord's demesne, his woods, the mill, and the
noble's other business interests in the region. The lord sees to
it that a competent reeve or bailiff lives quite comfortably.

The only villagers who are not peasants are the parish
priest, the lord and his family — perhaps six people out of a
village of a few hundred.

PEASANT HOMES

The design of the buildings that make up the peasant
village has not changed significantly since the turning of the
millennium. The walls are constructed of wattle and daub.
Wattle is a woven, wooden frame on which the daub is
spackled like plaster. The daub is a combination of mud and
straw, but local substitutions are common. Cob, for instance,
is made of straw mixed with chalk and clay. An even more
ready-to-hand substitute is dung.

The foundation of these houses are chalk blocks that are
often quarried right behind the house in the croft. These
blocks support the timber frame. The roof is usually thatched
and the floor made of packed earth and covered with straw or
rushes that can be swept out as needed.


A smoke hole in the center of the roof vents a fire pit

I directly below. Smoke lingers among the rafters, creating

dark, smoke-filled interiors. Stone hearths are already com-
monplace in many areas.

The peasant house usually measures no more than 15 feet
wide by 30 feet long. This area can be separated into two rooms
byawattle interior partition. The main room servesasa living,

P dining and working area, while the secondary room becomes
asmall bedroom.

This secondary room crouches beneath a lower ceiling

7 than the rest of the house. The loft formed above provides.
storage space. The rafters fulfill the same duty and they hang
heavy with drying meat or strings of garlic and onion. Pots and
pans clatter above the cooking area.

The main room often opens directly into the barn,
sometimes separated by a low wattle partition or, alternately,
afood trough. Pigs and chickens wander ever underfoot.

These dwellings are not well-constructed and each has to be
totally rebuilt about once every 35 years. A village can typically
build or rebuild only one house each year. Such a project takes on
the proportions of a communal effort, and it requires most of the
scant resources of the community to be completed.

THE VILLAGE LAYOUT

The center of the village, and of village life, is the parish
church. This edifice sometimes doubles as a town hall. Al-
though an abbot or bishop might hold extensive lands, rivaling
even wealthy lords, the village priest rarely has any land of his
own. The priest and the church building are supported by the
tithes of the villagers.

In a typical village, the residences form rough lines
grouped around a central green. The houses face inward
toward the common area, at the center is the village well.

Each house is surrounded by a croft, a rectangular yard that
contains the family's vegetable garden. Stretching away behind
the house is the family's toft. In this field the cottagers can grow
enough grains to eke out asubsistence living. Although the tofts
are generally rectangular in shape, their boundaries are dictated
by the lay of the land and thus, they vary widely in size.

Beyond the tofts stretches a patchwork of fields worked by
the various small holders, villeins and freeholders. Ditches
and marker stones divide the various fields. One of the most
common complaints heard by the village reeve is that some-
one has shifted these marker stones in the dead of night —
extending his fields at the expense of his neighbor.

Ifthe Church is the heart of the village, the manor house is its
head. The manoris the residence of the local lord (usually a knight)
and the command center from which he administers his fief. It
occupies a position of prominence along one of the rows of houses

— preferably some strategic position, overlooking a hill, river,
bridge or ford. The manor is also surrounded by toft and croft,
although usually of much grander proportions. The majority of the
lord's demesne lies beyond the toft. Unlike the scattered peasant
holdings, his lands cluster together in one contiguous whole.


The peasant's garden is a treasure trove of veg-
etables, herbs, flowers and berries. Each of these plants
has its own quasi-mystical properties, many of which
can only be coaxed out by the secret lore of the village
wise-woman, hedge ,wizard, herbalist, barber, story-
teller or midyfe lowing list shows some of
plants found' peasant crofts of Dark Medi

‘Of their lesser known uses

Barley: gruel,

Basil: seasoning

Hemlock: an painkiller
Horehound: elixir for coughs and colds
Houseleek: aching joints

Hyssop: distemper, jaundice

Jasmine: perfume, tea

Juniper: flavors gin

SECRETS FROM THE CROFT

Lady's Mantle: burns, bed sores
Lavender: perfume, herbal pillows
Lichen: dyes

Lily: perfume

Wf}Madder: red dye

Mandrake: soothing ointment

jSram: seasoning

*Maish Mallow: soothes wounds

: seasoning, tea,,sniffed.
ingentl ulcerated

nk Hood poison, ol aig ts, wolfsbane

* "Mulberry: buns)

‘Mallein: poison, syrtiporcdughs and colds
Mustard: se: ingpinduces vomiting, hot rub,

‘Orpine: syrup fof raging

"% Rarsley: seasoning ~

Pea; fodder, ~

Peony seasdhing ay

Poppy: sytup for pain Shdig insomnia, poppyseed cakes
Ragwort: CTeagings sa ulcerated wounds

cer John; 's Wort: wound éifitment
Saniele: Teuion 8 sgesies .

Spikenard: atvointed feet ‘Of Savior
Sweet Cicelf,coughisyéip

Thyme: seasoning at

Trefoil: aids heart, Seizure

Violet: perfume

Wintergreen: healing creams and waxes
Woad: blue dye

Wormwood: perfume

THREE PILLARS


1 np Mites To Go
BEFORE I SLEEP

The village poses many dilemmas for the Cainite, not
theleast of which is the problem of where to finda safe haven
to wait out the daylight hours. Most peasant cottages are
high-traffic areas with little or no privacy. They have no real
attic as even the loft is open to the common room. Nor is
there any basement in which to conceal oneself. There is a
constant coming and going of people and animals through-
out the house.

The rare vampire who makes his home within the peasant
village might dwell within a more archaic "pit house." This
design was widespread as recently as the turn of the millennium.

The pit house is built over a rectangular pit, about four
yards in length, which serves as a rough basement. The house
features planked floors, a thatched roof and a clay hearth. A
bolted trapdoor in the floor provides a measure of security for
the slumbering Cainite.

Of course, there is nothing to prevent a vampire from
digging out a basement beneath the more popular timber-
framed house. A trapdoor into the packed earth floor would be
concealed beneath the ever-present layer of straw or rushes.
This camouflage, however, might not bear up under scrutiny.
The sound of wood underfoot where the floor should be of
packed earth would certainly arouse suspicion.

Typically, the only buildings in the village that are not
peasant residences are the church, the manor, the mill and
perhaps an inn or social hall.

While the inn is the logical choice for a traveler to spend
the night, it presents few opportunities for the Cainite to catch
a good day's rest. There are laws against innkeepers sheltering
anyone for more than a three-day period. Furthermore, the
villagers, a suspicious lot by nature, are especially wary of
strangers — particularly the kind who hover around for pro-
longed periods of time.

In the minds of the local peasants, the only good excuse
for remaining in the village is to tend to lands or family you
might have there. In this case, however, the visitor would
certainly have a place to stay and not be seen loitering about
the inn. Although both the inn and social hall tend to be quiet
during the day, they are still more frequented areas than the
individual peasant homes.

The mill is an interesting haunt for a vampire. The
villagers' suspicions might be misdirected at the miller instead
of the Cainite he knowingly or unknowingly shelters. Since
the miller's person and property are an important part of the
lord's business interests, the villagers would be loath to intrude
or act against him.

The difficulties of remaining hidden ina village can drive
the Cainite out into the wilds. The scarcity of prey within any
given village forces many vampires to take up residence in a


more heavily-traveled location. Some of these Cainite peas-
ants are truly homeless, wandering the countryside and simply
sinking into the earth each morning.

Others take refuge in long-abandoned roadside hostels or
inns. From this vantage point, they prey on passersby, and on
the residents of nearby villages. Rumors of nocturnal activity
in "haunted houses" help keep the curious at bay.

Similarly, the Cainite peasant can take up residence ina
woodcutter's hut, deep within the untamed wilds. Any trav-
eler who ventures so far afield and discovers the "empty"
cottage will likely not think twice about the woodcutter being
absent during the daylight hours.

LORD AND PEASANT? THE
LaNpD Bonp

The relationship between a peasant and his lord is just as
sacred and just as formalized as the bond between a lord and his
noble vassal. An entire vocabulary exists to define the bound-
aries of this relationship.

One of the major points that elevates a serf above the status
of slave is the fact that he can pass on his holding — and thus,
his rights, his property, and his agreements with his lord and his
very place in feudal society — to his heirs. A serf's first entrance
into feudal responsibilities comes at the point of inheritance.

Inheritance is a crucial rite of passage for the serf. Bear in
mind that in Dark Medieval society it is almost unheard of for
aserf to marry and start a family before he has inherited. Until
this point he has no income, no wealth and no means to support
a family of his own. Inheritance and marriage go hand in hand.

Younger sons, with no anticipated inheritance, often seek
to enter service in the lord's manor. Still others opt to join the
military, apprentice to an artisan ina nearby town or enter into
lay service at the local abbey or monastery. Marriage and
family are even less of a possibility for these younger siblings.
Within this social context, it is no mystery that an unmarried
priesthood has become a prevalent option.

Inorderto inherit, the heir enters into a formal relationship
with his lord. The significant act is the heir's paying the heriot,
ordeath tax, forhis deceased relative. He thus demonstrates that
he has taken over the obligations of the departed — the most
significant of which is the tenantship agreement with the lord.

Heriot is analogous to "relief," the sum paid by a noble

heir pon securing pessession of a fief "The emphasis, how
ever, is slightly different. Heriot is owed by the deceased, and
relief is owed by the heir. The essential act, however, of
picking up the'reigns of feudal obligation by paying.a'smal
sum to the lord, is identical.

If a serf does not honor his newly acquired feudal rights
and obligations, the lord has the right to effectively cancel the
contract. Escheat is the term for the lord's right to reclaim his
serfs lands should the serf be outlawed or die without heir.
Forfeiture is his right to retake the serfs lands should the serf fail
to serve corvee, pay his taxes or fulfill other feudal obligations.


| __ Itisimportant to note the legal overtones in these terms.
Once a formal agreement is entered into with a serf, the lord
| isbound to respect that serf's (and his heirs') claim to the land.

Other instances of invoking the feudal bonds between
the serf and his lord are handled in a similar way as inherit-

| ance. A serf may sometimes ask his lord to forego some feudal
privilege in return for a small monetary consideration.

If a serf wishes for his daughter to marry outside of the
village, for example, he first secures his lord's permission and
then pays him a small sum called merchet.

Even the blatantly antagonistic practice of Jus Primae
Noctis, the lord's seldom-invoked right to spend the first night
with a serf's new bride, is often settled with a small fine.

In each of these cases, it is important to note which way
the money flows. Although we associate wealth with the
nobility, the real wealth in a feudal society is in the land. It is
extracted by the serfs and funneled to the nobility through the
extension of protection, rights and privileges to the peasantry.
The measure of a man's wealth is the measure of his land.

THE RECLAMATION

The 12th century is the beginning of a time of dynamic
change in Europe. Peasants flock to the new towns springing up
across the continent. International trade routes carry exotic
spices, fabrics and luxury goods into even the humblest of
households. An entirely new social class, the burgher, is carving
out a place for himself in the shadow of the three pillars.

Aswith many other periods of sweeping historical change,
this one has rather humble beginnings — it sprouts directly
from the serfs toft.

Itis an old truism that an army marches on its stomach. In
Dark Medieval Europe, the entire society depends on rather
tentative supply lines. Even in prosperous years, most people
barely achieve a subsistence living. Peasants starve every win-
ter. In times of flood, drought or famine, entire villages fall
victim to hunger, leaving behind only the abandoned buildings.

Without a surplus of food, both the army and society as a
whole are severely restricted in their maneuvers. An army low
on supplies cannot exert its control very far afield. Similarly,
asociety scraping out a subsistence living cannot impose its
will on its surroundings.

The spark that ignites the sweeping changes of the 12th
century starts rather simply. A gradual climate change through-
‘out most of the preceding century had culminated in a longer
growing season across most of Europe. The extended season
produced a slight food surplus. The marginal surplus provided a
small, but significant, buffer between most of the population
and subsistence living. Winters came and went with little or no
attrition due to hunger. The population grew slowly butsteadily.

Withagood meal in its belly, society soon began to march
— expanding its sphere of influence. A population boom was
soon in full swing. Second sons with no land to inherit and
others seeking their fortunes were drawn to the myriad of

towns that spread like flames across Europe.. The growth of
towns led directly to the creation of local markets, which, in
turn, led to the establishment of permanent inter-town trade
routes. This flurry of new commerce gave rise to the creation
of guilds and the rise of merchants. All of these wondrous new
developments eventually strain the boundaries of the very
model of Dark Medieval society.

THE OLD SCHOOL

Europe is firmly entrenched in the "old school" of govern-
mental thought at the end of the 12th century. A nobleman's
home is, quite literally, his castle — a towering reminder of the
extent of his wealth and power. To take the true measure of a
man's influence and wealth, however, you do not look to his
house, but rather to his fields.

In Dark Medieval Europe, money does, in fact, grow on
trees. Each orchard, field and vineyard yields a crop of silver
coin just waiting to be harvested by deploying, and then
taxing, the local peasantry.

Nobles do not engage in crafts, business or trade. These
pursuits are the exclusive, God-given domain of the peasantry.
The noble who actively seeks to usurp this role and profit from
trade is met with social censure just as surely as if he had stood
up in the middle of Mass to interpret the Scriptures.

In order to become richer in this agrarian society, a man
needs to increase his land holdings. There are only a limited
number of ways to accomplish this goal. Perhaps the most
popular method is wresting territory away from a rival. Nobles
spend a great deal of their time, effort and blood in the attempt
to conquer new territory through war, marriage or intrigue. For
the landless peasant, the only way to get his hands on any of this
wealth is to earn a grant of land in return for service to his lord.

In most cases of rewarding exceptional service, the lord
grants his vassal some lands from his demesne. Sometimes,
however, he extends to the vassal the right to clear and
cultivate new lands — such as a strip of forest along the edge
of the lord's woods.

Turning woodlands into croplands is known asassarting. To
assart without the permission of the local lord is a grave offense
—the Dark Medieval equivalent of printing one's own money.

During the 12th century, assarting achieves manic propor-
tions. With the boom in population, it is possible to cultivate
much more land than could be worked previously. In fact,
providing land for the new population makes extensive assarting
something of a necessity.

The boom in peasant population spurs the reclamation of
land in other waysas well. Landless younger siblings are swelling
the ranks of the religious orders. Entire new monastic societies
are being chartered. Newcomers like the Cistercians,
Premonstratensians and others need to create a source of wealth
for themselves. Their abbeys, and the lands to support them, are
carved directly out of the most forbidding, inhospitable, and
hence, unclaimed regions of the Dark European countryside.

THOSE WHO TOIL


It is no coincidence that the 12th century witnesses the
first systematic efforts to reclaim Europe's "haunts" — its
previously uninhabitable swamps, moors and woodlands.

Armed with a new iron plowshare, the European peas-
antry braves the wilderlands. They drain the marshes, plow
the heaths, cut back the dark forests and gradually settle vast
areas previously abandoned to nature, wolves and outlaws.

As the peasants cut down trees, pull roots, cart away rock,
burn undergrowth, dig ditches and level land with little more
than spades, they are also taming the regions of their child-
hood nightmares.

THE STAKING

This ambitious undertaking is known in Cainite circles as
the Staking. The waves of advancing peasants measure their
advance by driving wooden stakes to mark the boundaries of
the newly claimed fields. As the peasants push back the wilds
with axe, plow, and torch, they inevitably come into conflict
with powers of an older order.

Desolate "haunts" are liberally scattered throughout Dark
Medieval Europe. Most large estates boast a neighboring
stretch of primeval forest left largely untouched by human
hands. The cultivated lands skirt these darker domains but do
not intrude on them.

Bogs, moors and broken terrain fill the empty stretches
between each town and village. Wolves range freely across even
Italy, France and Germany, the most populous countries. Outlaws
and highwaymen lay in wait along each stretch of road thatextends
like a tenuous guiderope across the vast chasms of uncivilized wilds.

At the time the Staking begins, many vampires living on
the fringe of Cainite society make their homes in these haunts,
the no-man's land between places. The typical village of 150
peasants cannot support and conceal the feeding of a single
vampire. To maintain their secrecy, many Cainite outcasts
must take to the wilds where they can choose their prey
carefully from among travelers and make nocturnal forays into
a number of nearby settlements.

The most lucrative hunting grounds, of course, are the
thriving cities founded in antiquity: Paris, London, Rome, Venice,
Constantinople, Jerusalem. Even the largest of cities, however,
can only support a limited number of Cainites. An area can only
maintain or conceal the activities of one vampire for every 1001
mortals —a phenomenon referred to as the Rule of 1001 Nights.

Thus, one would expect only 50 Cainites in all of Paris —
by far the largest city in Northern Europe. London might
house 25 vampires. The most prosperous cities boast a dozen
Cainites —a gathering hardly larger than a single coterie, but
with all the fierce political infighting of a prince's court. The
Dark Medieval city is certainly no place for the timid.

This deadly competition rises to nearly insurmountable
levels in the crowded Italian cities. In the average Italian
population center, twice the human population is packed into
an area roughly half the size of its sister-cities elsewhere in
Europe. The Cainite unfamiliar with the dangers unique to

THREE PILLARS

these overcrowded conditions often comes to a swift and un-
pleasant demise. The Cainite in an Italian city can find himself
ina position similar to dying of thirst in the middle of the ocean.

One important corollary of the Rule of 1001 Nights is the
Law of Displacement. The cities, preferred stalking ground of the
Cainites since the dawn of time, will support only a finite number
of vampires. All but the most ruthless or cunning specimens will
be displaced and forced to make their lairs elsewhere. The
Displaced gravitate to the fringes of civilization. They are the
outcasts, outlaws, and heretics of the society of the Damned.

The most obvious place to search out the Displaced (was
one foolish enough to undertake such a quest) would be in the
towns. Towns offer many of the familiar "comforts of home" on
a smaller scale. The average town, however, can only safely
support a lone Cainite master.

Towns are really just beginning to come into their own,
Soon they will flood the Dark European countryside carrying
the Displaced with them on the crest of the wave. At the dawn
of the Staking, however, most Cainite outcasts are still in the
remote countryside domains they have haunted since antiquity.

PopuLaTION OF Europe's Major Crries
100,000
75,000
75,000
50,000
50,000
50,000

» 40,000)
25,000
25,000
25,000
25,000
253000
25,000
25,000
10/000
10,000 °
10,000
10,000) ,

» 10,000
10,000...
10,000

1 10,000"

Venice
Genoa
Milan
Bologna»
Palergho
Paris 4
Ghent —
OFlorente »
Londort
Lille y
Marseilles
Naples
Rouen
 Totlouse
Barcelona
Cologne
Montpelier
Saint-Omer
~ Seville )
Strasbourg
‘Troyes:
otk.)
(talian Gity)
(Other @ityy
(Wealthy Town)
(Average Town)
(Prosperous Village)
(Average Village)


BEYOND THE HEARTH

Outcast Cainites are not the only supernatural creatures
who call these inhospitable regions home. The deep woods
are, first and foremost, Lupine territory. The seething hatred
that the Lupines hold for the Cainites is as dependable as it is
deadly. Werewolf packs systematically seek out and destroy
any vampire who trespasses upon their domain.

Although a Cainite might be the match for any indi-
vidual werewolf, the coordinated attacks of an entire pack
easily bring down all but the most ancient and cunning of
vampires. Unfortunately, any area untamed enough to sup-
port a pack of Lupines usually has only enough mortals to
support a lone Cainite.

The patches of wilderland that have not yet fallen to the
plow also conceal the traditional strongholds of the fae. Shying
away from the ever-expanding sphere of mortal contact, the fae
have withdrawn into the untamed lands— back to the hill forts
and toadstool circles deep within the primeval woods.

The fae have no great love for the Cainites. This is not to say
that open antagonism exists between the two. Rather it would be
more precise to say that the fae show no apparent concer at all
for the vampire. On the nights when the faerie host issues forth
from its hill-fort, the wise vampire gives it a wide berth.

The faerie host is just as likely to trample, confound or
abduct any Cainite they come across as they would any mortal.
Vampires, of course, find this lack of regard infuriating. Most

Cainites would far rather be hated than ignored. Vampires,
like mortals, simply do not intrude into the fae awareness. (For
more information on the fae, see the Dark Ages Companion.)

The solitary vampire is understandably very apprehensive
about any intrusion into his secluded domain. As the peasants
push back the edge of the wilds, they uncover ancient ruins,
level burial mounds and fell the impenetrable canopy of
branches that keeps the deep forest in perpetual twilight.

Many dark things that have remained undisturbed for
ages must suddenly take flight. Some of them exact a terrible
vengeance upon the intruders before retiring to regions of
deeper shadow.

The Staking often spills over into open strife between
mortals and the Damned. As the peasants catch glimpses of
the creeping evil that presses in upon their settlements from
every side, mobs arm themselves with torch and spade. These
initial skirmishes foreshadow the great war to come upon the
Damned — the Inquisition.

The Staking decimates the ranks of rural Cainites. The
number of vampires actually caught and put to the torch by
mortals is understandably quite low. Many vampires, however,
die the Final Death from exposure as their ancient lairs are
unwittingly laid open to the sun. The greatest losses of all were
inflicted by the Lupines who dogged the steps of the advancing
peasants and fell upon any Cainite who was set to flight by

their bush-beating.
THOSE WHO TOIL,


THe New OrpeER OF THINGS

Throughout the 12th century, continual assarting brings
more and more of Europe's wilds under the plow. The brunt of
this back-breaking work falls directly to the peasants. It is
unlikely that the serfs pause long enough in their toil to realize
just how much good they are doing themselves and their cause.

The success of the reclamation stuns the local lords. They
conquer vast stretches of land without the loss of a single
knight, without even the cost of maintaining a fighting force.
While some peasants storm nature's strongholds, many more
flock to the burgeoning new towns. These two great ebb tides
combine to leave many lords with more land than they have
the manpower to cultivate. In effect, they have wealth simply
laying out in the fields that they cannot collect.

You might expect such a labor shortage to lead to in-
creased wages and benefits for the workers as local lords
competed to attract and retain personnel. In fact, this shortage
leads to a new valuation of the serfs and the creation of many
unique feudal relationships.

The dramatic nature of this change is easiest to see
within the noble pillar itself. Previously, the lord-knight
relationship was formulaic. In return for his knight's fee
(lands), the vassal pledged his fealty — his loyalty and his
sword arm. In the wake of the newly assarted lands, we
suddenly see instances of lords giving out lands without
demanding the formal pledge of fealty.

Edward I, for example, went as far as to grant one Henry
de la Wade half a hide in Oxfordby on the condition that
Henry carry a gyrfalcon whenever Edward went hawking. This
is a far cry from the bootstrapped military necessity that drove
earlier feudal arrangements.

Atthesame time, the lords are making a multitude of new
and better offers to woo the peasantry. Preeminent among
these is the manumission, the formal grant of freedom. A free
peasant pays rents to his local lord for the use of his land, but
he is not required to serve corvee, nor is he bound by dozens of
other taxes and obligations that the serf owes his lord.

These free peasants share a relationship with their lord
similar to many of his newer noble vassals. One way the lords
convert their found lands into cash is by "farming" out land
to new vassals. The term "farm" does not refer to any

agricultural activity, but rather to taxation. These vassals pay

rents or taxes to their lord in return for their fiefs, much asa
free peasant might do for his holding.

The peasantry makes other incursions into areas tradi-
tionally reserved for the nobility as well. For example, the
role of the peasantry in the military is expanding. One
important newcomer to the battlefield is the sergeant — a
peasant whose duties and privileges very nearly mirror
those of the knight.

The sergeant rides at his lord's side and is often afforded
aplace of honor in his retinue. He might be a standard bearer,
a weapons master, a bowyer, a siege engineer or any of a


number of other specialized military occupations. A sergeant
isbound by the obligations of wardship, marriage and relief.
three duties previously imposed upon only the knightly class.

Like the sergeant, the new yeoman farmer isa free peasant
who holds his land in return for military service, instead of
labor (corvee) or rent. The English yeomanry soon becomes a
enowned military force. To keep this new-found weapon
sharp, the English kings ban the yeoman from participating in
any sport except for shooting the longbow.

In other areas, the yeomen have different names. In
northern England, they are the dreng, and in France, they are
functionally (if not overly creatively) referred to as helmets
and lances.

For the less military-minded peasant, other beneficial
relationships are becoming widespread. One such arrange-
mentis the Lease for Three Lives. In it, the lord agrees to lease
the land to a free peasant at a fixed rate for the life of the
holder, his son, and his grandson.

Interestingly, the Lease for Three Lives also makes spe-
cific arrangements for the rights of women to inherit. The
tenant can, for example, pass the lease on to his wife should
none of his sons survive him. Previously, these lands would
have reverted to the lord under his right of escheat.

Finally, a growing number of peasants are earning the title
of "lord's man." A lord's man is a free servant. The distinction
here is largely one of status and liberty. The lord's man still
trades his services for room, board and wages just as the domestic
servant does. He is, however, free to seek employment else-
where and his wage tends to be more than a token concession.

Also, note that a lord's man was often, in fact, a woman.
This role is a groundbreaking instance of a formal feudal
telation directly between a lord and a female peasant. Even
under the progressive Lease for Three Lives, the woman
participates in the contract only because of a previous agree-
ment with her husband.

THE TOWN

Just as the knights and peasantry reap the benefits of
generous new feudal relations, towns also receive more favor-
able terms, which most often takes the form of the town charter.
Acharter isadocument that establishes the rights and even the

olds, having little or no accountability to any local lord.

The 12th century is the heyday of the town. We see
"unprecedented growth in both the number and size of towns
allacross Europe. Peasants flock in by the droves, lured by the

vin promises of freedom and opportunity.

A town, however, does not simply spring up wherever a
sizable number of people gather together. A specific grant of
freedom — a Charter of Franchise — has to be granted by the

al lord. This franchise frees the townsmen from any direct

al obligations to the lord. The town as a whole, however,

‘is now responsible for certain rents and taxes, as if it had
collectively entered into a feudal relationship with the lord.

One might wonder what would drive a feudal lord to make
such a concession. A charter is not, in fact, granted lightly.
The factor that most often motivates a lord to grant franchise
is the pressing need for local markets.

Every village or holding needs a nearby market. As the
peasants make their weekly journey to market, they need to be
able to get there and back again in a single day. Furthermore,
they need to be able to travel at a leisurely pace — leisurely
even for an ox-drawn cart. Practically, this means that even
the most remote holding needs a market town within roughly
a 10-mile radius.

Without the support of a nearby marker, all of the lands
that the lords have recently reclaimed from the wilds will be
unable to support themselves. They would soon revert to
wilderness. All of the lord's new-found wealth might evapo-
rate before his eyes.

Thus, as the waves of assarting peasants advance, clearing
fields before them, towns emerge in their wake.

The basic market town isa simple, no-frills affair. Only a
small percentage of the townsmen are specialized artisans or
merchants. The vast majority of the new burghers still go out
each day to tend their fields.

Cultivated land for crops and herds surrounds the town.
For the average townsman, life is a little different than that of
the rural villager.

For a significant minority, however, the towns are about
to offer up an unprecedented opportunity.

THE ViLLENEUVE

The 12th century witnesses a veritable building boom.
Existing towns grow dramatically in size and new towns spring
up toservice the "found" lands that the lords have assarted from
the wilds.

In France, these towns are being born at such a frantic rate
that they have outstripped even the efforts to name them all.
The legacy of this period ofrapid:growthcan-beseeminallof,
the townships called simply "new town." Villeneuve sur and
Villefranche sur place names dot the map, even after the towns
to which they refer have become well-established.

Even at first glance, these New Towns (henceforth,
villenewve) are quite different from the existing model. The first
difference that strikes the visitor is the lack of town walls. Most
Dark Medieval towns boast impressive stone walls of at least 10
feet in height. These intimidating barriers often tower 60 feet
into the air.

The villeneuve, however, is no border fortress, built to
withstand raid or siege. It is carved from interior, found lands.
This fact colors every aspect of its development.

Here for the first time, there issome loosening in the Dark
Medieval obsession with security. Certainly, solitary predators
might emerge from the wilds by night. A wolf might brave the
streets and carry off a sheep. No one, however, builds 60-foot
stone walls to guard against wolves.


The villeneuve is far less dense than the town as well. The
houses are not packed so tightly together as if they huddled for
protection. Nor is there any sense of the rough, frontier town
about it. These are settled, civilized regions, as far from the
uncertainty and violence of warfare as possible

The spirit that permeates the villeneuve is one of refine-
ment: arts, learning and civilization. Like the goddess Athena,
whom the ancient Greeks honored as the patron of civiliza-
tion, the villeneuve is not born in the conventional manner.
Legend relates how Athena sprang full-grown from the head
of her father, Zeus. In an analogous way, the civilized villeneuve
springs fully-developed into existence.

For the first time since the Roman Empire, town planning
and design reemerge. Foresight dictates the shape and growth
of the population centers, instead of rambling, need-driven
expansion. Certain standard designs that can be implemented
quickly and efficiently become popular.

A veritable army of skilled craftsmen preside over the
birth of a villeneuve. Quarrymen, stonecarvers and masons
shape and fit stone blocks. Lumberers, sawyers and carpenters
erect timber-framed walls. Boatmen and carters bring building
supplies over great distances. Smiths mend tools and provide
aseemingly never-ending stream of nails, hinges and fittings.

Hordes of journeyman artisans travel from building site to
building site, scattering towns in their wake. There is little
need to fear shortage of work.

The keystone of the villeneuve is the church. As in the
village, the church is the literal, and figurative, center of
things.

Formerly, churches were low sturdy stone structures.
Inside they were cool, dark, serene. The little light that found
its way in came from small, high windows.

As with all early Dark Medieval architecture, the design
was dictated by a need for security. In times of strife, the
church became a shelter for a besieged populace. In an assault
on the town, it was often the last line of defense. The design
need was the same one that ringed the towns in walls of stone
and made fortresses of a lord's private residence.

Gortuic Moonrisé

These design assumptions are being challenged in the
plans for the villeneuve. The traditional designs are coming
under attack from a spidery new form of architecture that is
just beginning to emerge in the great cathedral towns of Laon,
Paris and Chartres. This is the dawn, or better still, the
moonrise of the Gothic.

Gothic architecture has a distinctly skeletal appearance.
It is not surprising that the two innovations that make this
new form possible are "skeletal" as well. Each provides a new
framework to support the body of the church building.

The first improvement is a new method of vaulting that
supports more of the weight of the ceiling through arches and
pillars. These new structures rely less on the exterior walls to
bear the burden of the stone roof.

THREE PILLARS

The second innovation is the flying buttress, the jointed

". spanners extending outward from the walls like spider legs or

human ribs. They distribute the structure's weight out and

down into the ground. Between these two revolutionary
changes, startling things become possible.

Dense stone walls are suddenly no longer necessary. Entire
sections of dour stone give way to multi-colored glass. Where
once the interior of the church offered the security of darkened
recesses, it now swims in the brilliance of divine light.

ANIMALS

The villeneuve is full of animals. The narrow streets are
literally clogged with them. Burghers must wade through the
press of horses, mules, and oxen bound for market. Draft
animals loaded high with goods or pulling carts block each
street leading to the town square.

Villagers keep a wide assortment of animals in their homes.
These house petsare usually cherished barnyard animals accorded
a place of honor indoors with the family. These animals roam
freely through the common living, eating and sleeping areas.

In the villeneuve, burghers are reluctant to part with their
decidedly rural companions. The courtyards of many townhouses
resound with the commotion of pigs and chickens. The bulk of
the town's livestock, however, is kept outside the town proper.

The streets teem with livestock on market days as the
inhabitants of the surrounding land drive their herds to mar-
ket. The streets ring with the bleating of goats and sheep and
the lowing of cattle.

Cows range freely through the villeneuve on any day of the
week. Fresh milk is a highly valued commodity to the towns-
men. Cheese graces the townsman's table daily, and curds and
butter also play a significant role in his diet. He is willing to
give the cattle free run of the place in return for this bounty.

Any town also boasts a sizable population of pigs. The
Dark Medieval pig is feral-looking beast that has an almost
prehistoric cast to its features. It is lean and wiry, standing
about as high as a man's knee. Its head is sharp and angular,
slanting straight down from the bony forehead ridge to the
small, but functional, tusks.

With few exceptions, these animals also roam freely
through the streets. The city of Paris is a notable case. In 1131,
the king's son met with a fatal accident when his horse lost its
footing amidst the press of swine that overran the boulevard.
Consequently, the citizens of Paris are forbidden to keep the
offending creatures. A special dispensation is made for the
Abbey of St. Antoine that maintains exactly 12 pigs within
the city. These animals wander freely, but wear bells around
their necks to warn of their approach.

Ironically, the abundance of pigs roaming the streets sig-
nificantly contributes to the cleanliness of the town. Ata time
when household rubbish is routinely dumped out into the lane,
swine eat their way through a good deal of the cast-offs. In other
regions, goats serve an identical function. Herds of pigs are
driven through the streets at the beginning or close of day.


One of the most impressive sights the townsman might
witness is the coming of the crows at dawn. Just after sunrise,
great murders of crows descend in black clouds blanketing the
streets. If the mere sight of the feasting birds does not deter

| early morning walks, the racket they create certainly does.

Some towns employ less traditional street cleaning meth-
‘ods, some going as far as to employ peasants to shovel out the

| lanes each day. It is certainly no more unpleasant a task than
| mucking out a barnyard — a chore to which most are well-
accustomed.

Any sizable town also has an arrangement with one of the

| nearby lords to have a few of his serfs cart away the "ordures,"
which are then used to fertilize his fields.

CREATURES OF
URBAN NIGHTMARE

During the 12th century, the total population of Dark
Medieval Europe is 75 million souls. Only 5% of these mortals
—around 3,750,000 people — live in the towns and cities.

Among the Cainites, this demographic is reversed — over
95% are city dwellers. Since the dawn of time, the vampire has
been an urban predator. The history of the Cainites reads like
an atlas of the mythic cities of the past. The rise and fall of
Enoch, Babel, Ninevah, Troy, Carthage and Rome are all
intimately linked with the trials and tribulations of the Damned.

Keeping in mind the Rule of 1001 Nights, it is possible
tomake a good estimate of the total number of Cainites that
stalk Dark Medieval Europe. The 3.75 million mortal city
dwellers can support, at most, 3,750 urban Cainites. This
would place the logical upper limit of the vampiric popula-
tion at just under 4,000.

From the Cainite point of view, the mortal population is
not ideally distributed. While a ratio of 1001 mortals to 1
vampire is sufficient to maintain the Cainite populace, the
above estimate puts the actual numbers closer to 75 million to
4,000, or just less than 20,000 mortals for each vampire.

POPULATION (IN MILLIONS)
OF WESTERN EUROPE
England/Wales 4
Francé 22
‘Germany, 12
Greece/Balkans 6
Low Countries 4
Ireland J
Ttaly 10
Scotland 0.5
Spain/Poreugal yes 7
Switzerland 0.5

Total


THREE PILLARS

ee a Be |
\WYeTanner
A CoBBLES_E

THE Town HOME

Townhouses are very similar in design throughout Eu-
rope. Generally, they follow one of two basic plans. In the
south, the Roman style predominates. Buildings make the
most of the local resources — rough stone, soft and porous.
Stuccoed walls, coated with a wash of ochre-colored paint,
provide insulation against the weather.

In the north, the Teutonic design is more widespread.
These "half-timbered" buildings employ wood-beam framing
and often woven-reed or wooden walls. The rustic, thatched
roof is common, and the exterior also features windows set in
pairs with red or black accent paint.

Only the most important houses rise above two stories in
height. Most artisans' dwellings incorporate a ground floor
shop, orat least a front awning beneath which they can display
their wares and conduct business. The work area shares the
downstairs while the family room or rooms may be upstairs in
a two-story home.

Houses tend to be built around a courtyard that often
features a well and perhaps even a fountain. The fountains,
built according to the ancient Roman model, are cunningly
constructed so that gravity alone circulates the water.

A town home also invariably has one or more gardens.
Patches surround the house, much like peasant's crofts, while
some gardening is done in the courtyard as well.

Towns are much smaller and less dense than one might
imagine. Overcrowding and the full gamut of urban problems,
however, already emerge by the early 13th century.

The towns provide communal facilities much as the feudal
lords do in the villages. A typical town, for instance, boasts a
number of mills for grinding flour. In a village, this service is
traditionally the domain of a local lord. The towns' chartered
freedom from these local lords, however, means that they are
also responsible for providing these services for themselves.

Many towns turn this new responsibility into opportu-
nity. The French city of Troyes, for instance, established 11
mills between the years of 1157 and 1191. These watermills go
beyond merely usurping traditional noble roles and profits.
They also press wine and oil, which are critical to the region's
economy. In addition, they power the foundries and forges.

The towns provide other communal facilities tailored to the
specific needs of their urban environment. For example, great
stone tubs are set up along the river bank so that the inhabitants
can do their laundry. For the most part, however, these needs
generate entire new professions to provide the desired services.

THe MERCHANTS

The town, at its most basic, isa market. It provides a place
for the local farmers to exchange their produce for the supplies
they need. Such a marketplace soon attracts various artisans to
provide for these needs. Familiar faces include cobblers (shoes)
and tanners (leather); drapers and tailors (clothes); coopers
(barrels) and carpenters; wheelwrights and wainwrights (wag-


ons); bakers and butchers; brewers and vintners (wines);
ropemakers and masons. Each town has its own blacksmith
and, depending on its size, might also house an armor- or
weaponsmith, or even a gold- or silversmith.

While a single village cannot provide enough business to
support these craftsmen, a town is insured a steady stream of
customers from nearby communities. Inns and taverns spring
up to cater to those coming to market. Further townsmen —
grocers, moneylenders, fishmongers, carters, etc. — arrive to
support the craftsmen.

While most artisans make their homes in the towns, some
travel the countryside with their wares. Such peddlers usually base
themselves in a market town and then tour the nearby manors
selling their wares. The peddlersoon gainsa reputation fornomadic
wandering second only to that of the Gypsies. He often has to
contend with the same distrust that greets the arrival of the Rom.

As towns grow in size and prosperity, an increasing number
of merchants seize the opportunity to develop inter-town trade.
These travelers are more than just peddlers who operate be-
tween towns rather than manors. Instead of bringing a specific
ware with them wherever they go, the merchants buy local
goods and transport them to markets where those items are in
demand. In the merchants, we have, for the first time, a class of
free man who is not tied directly to one craft or skill.

During the 12th century, international trade grows in-
creasingly popular and profitable. While bold merchants are
just beginning to pioneer trade routes into the heart of Asia,
the exchange of goods and ideas with the Near East reaches a
level unmatched since the fall of Rome.

In the great market cities of Italy and Iberia, merchants
cry out their exotic wares: silks, spices, carpets, blown glass,
oranges and ivory. The luxuries of the Islamic world evoke not
only an alien opulence, but also a deep sense of mystery and
hidden knowledge. The civilizations that confront the crusad-
ers have accumulated a vast body of law, medicine and
scholarship far beyond anything that Europe has to offer.

European merchants grasp the unique opportunity pre-
sented by these two cultures grinding together quickly. Many
of these merchants grow staggeringly rich, more so even than
many members of the nobility. The old school of thought that
insists you can measure a man's wealth by pacing off the
boundaries of his fields is beginning to show signs of wear.

In northern Germany, the first true mercantile power-
house — the Hanseatic League — extends a tentative finger
over the map of Europe. The mysterious and influential Hansa
had a rather humble beginning — as an association of mer-
chants and towns selling, of all things, pickled herring. This
food becomes a staple of the Dark Medieval diet. Its popularity
and availability is due inno small part to the efforts of the Hansa.

The Hansa corner the herring market and soon become
the sole provider for the entire Baltic region. Their efforts
rapidly expand to other products and regions and they are soon
a force to be reckoned with — a mercantile league spanning
over 100 trading cities.

Any established town in Northern Europe boasts an office of
the Hansa and the Hanse himself, the local agent of the League, is
invariably one of the most envied and influential persons in town.

Tue GulLps

Other craftsmen are more settled. In a large town, where
multiple individuals pursue the same trade, artisans are beginning
toband together into guilds. The guild may have its roots in simple
cooperative agreements between two craftsmen sharing the same
trade — promises not to compete with or undersell each other. By
the 12th century, however, the guilds have become more formal,
more widespread and much more powerful.

Guilds fulfill a three-fold mission: They protect, educate
and regulate the practitioners of their trade.

Protection implies mainly a freedom from coercion or
extortion. The guildsmen band together for strength. Together,
they can meet challenges that they could not surmount alone.

Brigands can easily disrupt a craftsman's trade by inter-
rupting the supply of a crucial component — the supply of
wool to the clothiers, for instance. An unscrupulous local lord
might demand a crippling toll or tribute to pass through his
lands. Thieves ply their own trade upon the individual guilds-
men within the town proper.

In response, the guilds raise men-at-arms, bring political
pressure to bear or financially lubricate the scales of justice. Ina very
short period of time, the guilds have come to wield great power.

The guilds have also assumed the duty of educating the town
populace. While formal education has always been the domain of
the Church, the guilds provide a very practical education in the arts
and crafts. At this time, there isno widespread literacy and certainly
no public education. What learning is commonly available isin the
form of trade knowledge. The guilds administer the dissemination
of this knowledge through the apprenticeship system.

Guild education starts at about age seven when a child
leaves his home to apprentice himself to a master artisan or
craftsman. A successful master might have as many as three or
four apprentices whom he instructs in the secrets of his trade.
The apprentice is expected to provide unskilled labor in the
workshop, as well as around the house, during this time. A
typical apprenticeship lasts seven years, although in some cases
periods as short as four, or as long as 12, years are observed.

The master has full parental responsibility over the ap-
prentice. The master provides food and lodging, shoes and
clothing. He might pay the apprentice a token wage (a few
pennies annually). He might also offer other assurances to the
prospective apprentice — for example, that only the master,
and not his wife, would beat the apprentice.

Ifat any time the apprentice fails to live up to the master's
expectations, he can expect to be returned home to his family
in disgrace. Such an expulsion severely limits a youth's future
prospects. Apprenticed children are almost invariably younger
siblings who cannot expect any inheritance (and thus, source
of livelihood) at home. Most who fall into these straits are
destined for the short and brutal life of a foot soldier.

THOSE WHO TOIL


THE GuilDs OF Paris
AND THEIR MEMBERSHIPS
Shoemakers 366
Furriers 214
Maidservants 199

Purse makers
.
Laundresses ,

Porters |
Meat but.
Fish merch
Beer sellers
Buckle mak.
Plasterers
Spice mer¢har
Blacksmi
Painters
Doctors
Roofers

Innkeepers
Tanners
Copyists
Sculptors
Rugmakers

Hay merchants
Cutlers
Glovemakers

Wood sellers
Woodcarvers

THREE PILLARS

Upon the successful completion of the apprenticeship,
the newly trained craftsman becomes a journeyman. This term
derives not from the extensive traveling expected of the
journeyman, but from the French journee meaning "day" —
journeymen are skilled daylaborers.

A journeyman does travel a great deal, going from town to
town, plying his trade. This lifestyle gives him the opportunity
to learn from many different masters. It also provides a mobile,
skilled labor pool that can be brought to bear constructing the
rash of villeneuve and cathedrals that spread across Europe.

There isnoset length of time to the journeyman stage, although
this period is typically measured in years. There are five require-
ments that must be met before the journeyman becomes a master.

First, he needs an existing master to certify that the
candidate is "prudent and loyal." In effect, what is required is
a recommendation from a full guild member.

Second, the journeyman needs to have enough capital to
set up shop on his own. Guilds tend to be very pragmatic in these
matters. Capital is often measured in tools instead of cash. A
master's tools are his major expense and subsequently, his
greatest asset. Some tools simply cannot be bought at any price.
The master must construct and repair them himself. Those that
he cannot produce are often prohibitively expensive to replace.
An apprentice who loses or damages one of the master's tools is
in fora sound thrashing. A craftsman cannot typically afford to
acquire or replace more than one such tool each year.

The third and fourth requirements are by far the easiest to
fulfill. The journeyman must take the guild oath, pledging
loyalty and service, and then pay a membership fee.

The final and most significant requirement that distin-
guishes the master is the production of the chef-d'oeuvre —
literally, the "master piece." Each guild has its own requirements
for this masterpiece. A stone carver, for instance, must produce
a three-foot tall statuette for the review of the guildsmen. The
journeyman's style, expertise and technique are all subject to
critique and evaluation. A saddler has to produce both a palfrey
saddleanda mule saddle, demonstrating his adeptness with both
the decorative and the functional. The cobblers have an even
more practical examination that involves drawing three pairs at
random from a bin of shoes in need of mending.

The final function of the guildsis to regulate. Obviously, they
regulate pricing to eliminate internal competition. Pricing is
uniform not only within given town, but between townsas well.

Hand in hand with this practice is the regulation of standards
of quality. Producing inferior goods is not only detrimental to the
guild's reputation, it undercuts the established system of fair
pricing. Using substandard materials, for instance, might result in
lowered costs and, hence, greater-than-regulated profits.

Other improvements brought about by guild regulation
include widespread standardization of weights and measures and
uniform observances of common working hours and wages.

To insure that guild standards are observed, each crafts-
man affixes his maker's mark to the completed product. Each
master craftsman has his own individual symbol that identifies


him as surely as a coat-of-arms identifies a noble knight. The
guilds keep comprehensive records of these marks, much as
the heralds systematically register arms.

A craftsman takes great pride in his mark. It is the flourish
with which he signs his art. Using a master's mark under false
pretenses is a grave offense. Professional reputations have
been ruined and forgeries foisted off on the unsuspecting. The
guilds also take a special protective interest in their members'
marks. They can use these tiny identifying features to trace
inferior goods back to their creator and then take appropriate
corrective actions.

The guilds impose stiff penalties on those who are sus-
pected of shortchanging their customers. A baker, for instance,
who sells underweight loaves is fined heavily and then thrown
into the pillory — one of the offending loaves tied around his
neck as a sign of his offense.

The guilds are quite zealous in their enforcement. Many
bakers, to avoid even accidentally short-weighing their cus-
tomers' orders, have begun throwing in an extra roll or pastry
with every dozen. Thus the term "baker's dozen," which has
come to mean any set of 13, is a testimony to at least the
caution (if not the generosity) of that trade.

Soon many crafts had developed their own guilds. Orga-
nizations rapidly formed for the butchers, bakers, goldsmiths,
tanners, carpenters, cloth merchants and many other trades.
Much of the new-found wealth of the villeneuve passes through
the hands and coffers of the guilds.

Individually, guild members earn more money than their
unguilded counterparts. In areas where wages for an unguilded
worker are 2 Librum per year, amember of the guilded building
trades earns about 5 Librum — over twice as much. Members
of the leading guilds — spice merchants, apothecaries, drapers
and furriers — make around 20 Librum, nearly 10 times as
much. Guild leaders are among the wealthiest men in their
communities, often earning more than 150 Librum each year.

Collectively, the guilds wield an ever-increasing amount
of political, as well as economic, influence over the new
villeneuve. The various guilds compete for the upper hand
within a given city.

Most of this competition remains friendly. Inter-guild
clashes have become formalized, even stylized. Each guild has
its own associated patron saint and on its saint day holds
processions of great pageantry.

One famous example of these guild celebrations is the Pallio
in Siena. The week's festivities culminate in a no-holds-barred
horse race around the town's main square. Each guild enters a
contestant in the race and parades the streets wearing its "regalia"
and waving its own distinctive banner. Each of the guilds
represents one of the neighborhoods that make up the sprawling
township and loyal supporters from each "fief" fill the streets.

The assumption of noble trappings only emphasizes the
fact that the guildsmen are the most influential burghers. Even
when they do not officially hold the position of town leader-
ship, they are the real power in the villeneuve.


PATRON SAINTS

The following list describes but a few of the important patron saints that are associated with the various guilds and
other urban groups:

St. Adrian: Patron Saint of soldiers and butchers.

St. Agatha: Patron Saint of nurses and bellfounders.

St. Alexis: Patron Saint of beggars.

St. Andrew the Apostle: Patron Saint of fishermen.

St. Anthony: Patron Saint of baskef*tnakérs.

St. Anthony efiPadua: Patron Saint of the poor. People pray for St. Anthony to, help fifid lost afticles.
St. Barbara: Patron Saint of mincrs and builders. ‘

St. Barbe: Patton Saint of brushmakers.

St. Brendan; Patron Saint of sailors.

St. Brigid: Patron Saint of cowherds. .

St. Catherine: Patron Saint of wheelwrights. Catherine is broken on the wheel.

St. Christopher: Patron Saint of pilgrims. Travgler pray for St. Christopher, 's protectiol
St. Clare: Patron Saint of mirrormakerss

St. Cloud: Patron Saint of nailmakers. : -

Sts. Cosmas and Damian: These twins are the! Patron Saints of barberfeeches

St. Columcille? Patron Saint of exiles.

St. Crispin: Patron Saint of cobblers and iedeaeten.

St. Dismas: Patron Saint of thieves and condemned criminals. er i is the thief, crucitied with: eit ist.
St. Dominic: Patron Saint of astronomers. Founder of the ES monks.

St. Drogo: Patron Saint of shepherds.

St. Dunstan: Patron Saint of blacksmiths, lockammie « metalworkers and armorers.

St. Dymphna: Patron Saint of the mentally ill, Dymphna is invoked to exorcise demons.
St. Eligius: Patron Saint of jewelers, silversmiths, goldsmiths. —

St. Erasmus (a.k.a. Elmo): Patron Saint of sailors. Elmoissavedby anangel rom being burned alle henee the term
"St. Elmo's fire."

St. Eustace (alternately, St. Hubert): Patron Saint of hunters. ustace sees ay ision of the sign of the cross between
a stag's horns.

St. Giles: Patron Saint of cripples. :

St. Isidore: Patron Saint of farmers:
St. John, the evangelist: Patron, siiiian@f seers ant mystics. Author of the Fourth. Gompel

St. Joseph: Patron Saint of carpentets,aiid woodworkers. Joseph is the earthly father of Jesus.

St. Julian, Hospitaller: Patron Saint of hotel keepers. Julian is forgiven his sins after offering his bed to a leper.
St. Luke, the evangelist: Patron Saint of physicians,afid painters. Author of the Third Gospel.

St. Mark, the evangelist: Patron Saint of writers and notaries. Author of the Second Gospel.

St. Matthew, the evangelist: Patron Saint of bankers:and/bookkeepers. Author of the First Gospel.
St. Maurice: Patron Saint of swordsmiths.

St. Mary Magdalene: Patron Saint of perfumers. Mary Magdalene pours oil on Jesus's feet.

St. Pantaleon: Patron Saint of apothecaries.

St. Peter, the apostle: Patron Saint of fishermen.

St. Reinold: Patron Saint of stonemasons. Reinold is murdered by those jealous of his work.

St. Sebastian: Patron Saint of needlemakers. Sebastian is martyred by arrows.

St. Vitus: Patron Saint of dancers, actors, comics.

St. Zita: Patron Saint of servants.

THREE PILLARS


CRIME AND
PUNISHMENT

The regional nobility (henceforward, "counts," although
awide variety of titles are in use across Europe) jealously guard
their right to hear cases and pass judgment. The last vestiges
of the older system of trial by combat or trial by ordeal have
vanished. The count hears witnesses, weighs evidence and
pronounces sentence.

Justice is not only a solemn responsibility, it is also an
important source of income. Whenever a fine is levied, this
money passes into the judge's coffers. When a criminal is
executed or banished, all of his goods are forfeited to the count.

This system produces swift and decisive sentencing.
Lengthy imprisonments are virtually unheard of. Hanging is
the most common sentence for serious crimes —a particularly
unpleasant fate as the drop technique is not widely practiced;
the condemned suffers the slow death of strangulation.

Traitors, witches and heretics can expect to be burned at
the stake for their offenses. Thieves can look forward to some
kind of disfigurement — branding, the loss of a hand or eye —
in addition to having their ill-gotten gains seized. Young
cutpurses or pickpockets, however, might escape their first
offense with no more permanent reminder than the shame of
being publicly flogged and pilloried.

When imprisonments do occur, there are usually strong
political and economic reasons. Enemies, whether knights cap-
tured in battle, or important burghers fallen in more subtle
conflicts, might be ransomed back to their families. The crypts or
cellars beneath the count's castle make a good improvised prison.
in times of need.

The count cannot, however, be all places at once. The
demands of justice are great and it has become necessary for
him to farm out some of his responsibility. When delegating
this solemn duty, the count reserves the privilege of hearing
cases of high justice — murder, robbery, rape. These are, by far,
the most lucrative cases.

In the countryside, the count looks to the local lords,
knights pledged to his service, to administer justice and to
forward him his due. Since the knight is often away from
home, serving his lord on campaign or at court, the bailiff is
allowed to settle minor infractions in the knight's absence.
Most knights find it expedient to allow the bailiff to continue
doing so, even when the knight has returned to the manor.

Burghers are especially eager to help lift the burden of
justice from the shoulders of the nobility. Many town charters
grant the mayor the right to hear cases of low justice. The
mayor is authorized to judge cases of petty theft, fraud, minor
assault and routine matters of commerce and property. In
return for this privilege, the town pays a set amount to the
count each year. The count agrees to this arrangement be-
cause it not only frees his hands, it also gives him a reliable
income in return for the variable fines and confiscations.

The burgher courts have a vested interest in matters of
debt and credit. In most cases, a debtor's goods will be imme-
diately seized and handed over to his creditor. If this amount
is insufficient, the debtor may be temporarily imprisoned to
encourage friends and family to raise the money. Failing that,
the debtor will be banished from the city.

Inmany cities, the countalso appoints a provost to preside
over cases of high justice in his stead. This individual is
invariably a wealthy burgher who is firmly within the count's
camp. The provost earns a commission on all fines and
forfeitures that he imposes. The wise provost fills the count's
coffers. The count will shield an ambitious provost from any
repercussions. A less productive assistant is quickly dismissed
and thrown back among those he may have wronged.

The counts are not the only major players in the lucrative
field of justice. Many crimes can only be tried by the king or his
agent. In cases of treason, all of the traitor's lands and goods revert
tothe Crown. The forests are also traditionally the king's domain
and charges of illegal poaching, assarting or timbering fall to the
king's court. Such cases are tried by specially appointed circuit
judges who travel the countryside dispensing the king's justice.

Church bishops also have a hand in judicial matters and
profits. Each bishop presides over an ecclesiastical court.
These bodies often contend with the secular authorities for the
right to try a particular case. The dividing line between
Church and civil jurisdiction can be difficult to distinguish.

Some cases that fall clearly within the domain of the
ecclesiastic courts are crimes of heresy, crimes that take place
on church property, or crimes that involve clergymen (even
the lay clergy) as the accused or victim.

The Church courts have something of a reputation for
lenience that makes trying a case in the bishop's court much
more attractive to the accused than facing the count or
provost. This is not simply a matter of the Church protecting
its own — this reputation results in more trials being brought
to the ecclesiastic courts and, thus, greater revenues.

During the great fairs and tournaments, another type of
temporary court comes into existence to deal with the sudden
influx of people, commerce and of course, crime. The Court of
the Fair can hear cases of crimes of low justice that take place
anytime during the month-long festivities. The mayor appoints
anumber of burghers (usually city councilmen) to act as judges.

One of the most important functions of the Court of the Fair
is to protect foreign merchants from the whims of local justice. The
court spends most of its time, however, in matters of contract, debt
and fraud. These judges are voracious in their pursuit of debtors. If
the seizure of goods and imprisonment fail to produce the balance
due, the judges will demand payment from the debtor's home city.

Each community is held responsible for the debts of its
members. Itissomethingofa"gentleman'sagreement" between the
burghers. Each mercantile city understands the value and necessity
of a sterling business reputation. The town council will almost
invariably forward the demanded sum. They will then lean heavily
on the debtor's family, or failing that, his guild, to recoup its loss.

THOSE WHO TOIL


CHEATING AND FRAUD

The guild inspectors remain vigilant for a wide
variety of common cheats and frais,

Clipping coins for the silver,

Evensuspicion of these offenses results in ul inspectors
seizing all goods. Proof of fraud can result in heavy
fines, public flogging and exclusion from the fair.

The Court of the Fair also handles any cases of fraud that
escape the guilds' watchful eye. Cases usually reach resolution
by banishing and levying heavy fines on the guilty party and
even heavier ones on his guild. A reputation for fraud will
precede a dishonest merchant from fair to fair.

The shrewd customer is also wary of purchasing "a pig in
a poke" —a pig that is already wrapped in a tied sack. All too
often the squirming bundle turns out to be, in fact, not a pig
but rather a somewhat indignant stray cat. The unscrupulous
merchant must take special care not to "let the cat out of the
bag" and thus be revealed as a fraud.

Money

Others besides the merchants and guildsmen grow very
tich in this new atmosphere of economic prosperity. The
foremost of these groups is the moneylenders. Every market
town boasts its own moneylender who converts the wide
variety of foreign coins to local currency for a fee. This
service is crucial to any market fair. A typical fair in Cham-
pagne, France, for instance, attracts merchants from Spain,
Flanders, Germany, Italy and even North Africa.

THREE PILLARS

The mainstay of the moneylenders, however, is the dis-
tasteful practice of usury — charging interest on loans. Usury
is traditionally prohibited to all Christians. Most often this
profession falls to the Jews, although some knightly orders such
as the Hospitallers and the Templars have been granted special
permission to practice usury. This new-found vocation has
made both of these orders extremely wealthy. In fact, the
Templars have loaned such outrageous sums to the Crown of
France that debt-relief is a significant motivating factor in that
nation's efforts to eliminate the order...

THE DANCE
OF DEATH

The Dark Medieval world is rich in folklore and supersti-
tion. Even routine acts are surrounded by a wealth of folk
custom. An entire body of lore deals solely with the omens that
might be drawn from the first person or creature you meet
when leaving the house in the morning.

Any ill fortune during the day can be attributed to the
person encountered in that first meeting. Crossing the path of
acripple, a priest, a monk or a raven is considered ill luck. A
toad is thought to bring money during the day and a prostitute
is considered the most auspicious meeting of all.

The logical thread behind such a list often evades even
the most careful attempts to unravel it. The seemingly random
litany of folk belief infiltrates all aspects of Dark Medieval life.
It is these incongruous elements, however, that jump out and
add vividness to a Storyteller's chronicle.

Even though the reason behind such a belief might
remain obscure, it can still have a profound effect on the
believer. In fact, it is often these unquestioned beliefs, the
ones that are so "obvious" that they require no explanation.
atall in the mind of the believer, that have the most dramatic
effects of all.

The most popular image in Dark Medieval folk art is the
Dance of Death. Death, wrapped in cloak and cowl and
carrying aloft his scythe, leads the procession. Behind him, all
men, peasant and emperor alike, join hands as equals. They
spin and jerk as they are drawn along in his wake, like
marionettes on invisible strings.

These powerful images are a window into the fear and
uncertainty of this age —and a man's fears are a potent weapon
to be wielded against him. A Cainite, surprised in the midst of
his nocturnal feasting, might hastily draw upon this imagery,
using the semblance and trappings of the Reaper to strike
terror into the mortal witness.

Each vampire is aware of the powerful truths inherent
in the Dance of Death. Even the least of the Cainites has
broken free of the shackles of death. The vampire as reaper
reigns over king, clergyman and peasant, visiting death
upon each in turn. All three dance, cavort and finally perish
at his command.


SYSTEMS HND SUGGESTIONS

The Storyteller can use such powerful image-laden
beliefs, turning them into memorable antagonists or formi-
dable obstacles. For instance, one superstition — derived
from the ancient association between the moon, reflection
and deception — holds that it is extreme bad luck to view the
moon through glass.

Working from this premise, the Storyteller might ask
himself what ill effect moonlight through glass could possi-
bly have on a Cainite. He might conclude that the danger
lies in reflection — especially reflection upon things lost.
Perhaps when a vampire gazes into a moonlit mirror, what he
sees is not his reflection, but a reflection of the mortal that
he was — of the future that is forever lost to him. This
interpretation takes on added impact in light of the folk
belief that Cainites cast no reflection in mirrors.

The effects of superstitions do not have to be applied
universally. They are often more compelling if their effect is
limited to certain conditions or unique instances. For ex-
ample, perhaps the above reflective property only manifests
outdoors, in moonlit pools of still water. Better still, the
effect might be unique to one particular dark tarn that could
become an important adventure setting, or perhaps even a
pilgrimage site for the Damned. An entire chronicle could be
built around the rather simple premise of the subtle and
deadly intrigues that develop nightly between a party of rival
Cainites on pilgrimage.

The same superstitious premise can be taken in a number
of entirely different directions. Perhaps the Storyteller has
decided that moonlight through glass poses a more overt threat
than simple melancholic reflection — that it burns with the
intensity of the sun. He might decide to limit this devastating
effect to moonlight falling through stained glass. This twist
seems especially appropriate as it draws on the taboo against
the Damned entering the Lord's house. The Storyteller can
add even more impact by limiting the instances of this super-
stitious effect. Perhaps moonlight burns only in one specific
church — an ancient cathedral half-sunken into some deso-
late moor. Or perhaps only the handiwork of one particularly
gifted artisan produces the lethal panes of glass.

FAITH AND SUPERSTITION

For the residents of Dark Medieval Europe, supersti-
tion holds great power of conviction. Certain rare
individuals, through the single-mindedness of their beliefs,
can manifest this power.

Superstition is modeled on the True Faith power. The
easiest way to visualize the use of this ability is to assume that
within the presence of the Superstitious individual, one par-
ticular folk belief becomes literally true. An advancing Cainite
might be checked by a garlic-wielding peasant. He might be
deafened or driven to panic by the pealing of the churchbells.
The crowing of a cock, even in the dead of night, might be used
to banish the vampire back to his coffin.


CsinG SupersTITION

Superstition is an ingeresting tool, left deliber-
ately vague so that creative Storytellers may- make use
of it as they see best, It is-not-quantified even as
cursorilysas True' Faith;-as it is mot something that
should'be encountered with any degreé of frequency.
Needless tosay, noné of the players' chatacters should
possess the Superstition Trait Ever. Nope, Well, if
you really wantta, but then, you get what you deserve.

The exact finetion of Supétstition-based effects
are entirely up to the Storytéller. This.intentional
vagueness Allows Storytellets to create effects suited
specifically to theirthronicles and dramatic necessity.

As with the True Faith power, the Storyteller must take
pains not to overuse Superstition. Used in moderation, itcan
provide unique and memorable adversaries. Any individual
should only be able to manifest a single folk belief. Even if
what is desired is a recurring antagonist of mythic propor-
tions, it is recommended that he only manifest one particular
superstition during each appearance — preferably one spe-
cifically tailored to the locale or situation at hand.

The Superstition power should be used so rarely that the
unsuspecting Cainite should have no idea what he is up against
or what is truly occurring. This scene should be an absolutely
unnerving experience played for full dramatic effect.

A Storyteller should also keep in mind that there are
other interesting applications of Superstition besides di-
rectly checking or foiling the Cainite. One interesting twist
might be a Superstitious peasant in whose eyes the Cainite
takes on even more epic proportions.

Not only can the superstitions of the peasantry provide
a significant obstacle to the Cainite, but the beliefs of the
Cainites themselves might also pose a challenge. For in-
stance, although garlic, a cross or running water have no
inherent power over the undying, a vampire might shy away
from these objects due to his own deeply rooted beliefs. This
tendency is heightened in a vampire with a strong mortal
background in folk customs, witchcraft or the occult.

Many superstitious beliefs have special relevance for the
Cainites. Crosses, traditionally used to fend off the Damned,
abound. Ornate crosses decorate rustic shrines and the more
civilized churches. As personal ornaments, crosses of wood, reed
andeven preciousmetalscommonly gracenecklacesand brooches.
Standing stone crosses can be found scattered about the country-
side, in hamlets, on hilltops, at crossroads. The Damned must be
vigilant lest the shadow of the cross fall upon them.

The cross-piece of an inverted sword is often brandished
to ward off evil and, of course, the peasant is quick to make
the sign of the cross in the presence of temptation and
danger. Even loaves of bread traditionally have the sign of
the cross cut into the top.


Drinking from church bells is thought to be a powerful
curative for many ills. But then again, so is drinking from a
human skull —a remedy that might be more ready-to-hand
for the Cainite.

Another common healing practice, which harbors
some threat for the Cainite, is that of bringing fire into the
house to protect a sick child. If the open flame cure proved
ineffective, the parents might subject the child to a burial
cure. To effect this remedy, the child is laid down in an
open grave and then covered with rushes or branches. Only
when the sun rises is the terrified child raised up again.

There is an entire host of graveyard remedies that often
brings mortals into the reach of the waking dead. One
common graveside cure is sending a pregnant woman to
tread upon the graves to ease her pains or ailments of
childbirth.

Just as the burial grounds have a profound effect on the
minds of the living, those who lay buried also have a
dominant influence. There is a great variety of lore revolv-
ing around corpse magic. Besides the wealth of information
on how to wake, question or beg favors of the dead, many
strange powers are attributed to the physical remains of
those who have passed away.

It is a well-known "fact" that a corpse will bleed anew
in the presence of his murderer. Similarly, traditions might
bind a neonate to give of his own blood or shed the blood
of others at the behest of his sire.

House burglars use a peculiar death-magic charm to
ensure that the entire household remains asleep while
they go about their business. By placing a candle in a dead
man's hand, they give uninterrupted slumber for his en-
tire household.

This charm most likely arises from the ghoulish prac-
tice of preying upon the families of the recently deceased.
In these cases, the body is most often laid out in the main
foom of the house. This magic might also be effected by
murdering one of the inhabitants, or alternately, by pay-
ing a visit to one of the household's deceased relations in
the churchyard.

Candlelight and candle magic also have a rich tradi-
tion that might be of concern to the Cainite. Both light and
flame work a powerful, and often lethal, effect upon the
Damned. Likewise, the gemstone amber is thought to be a
great ward against evil, probably stemming from its power
to "draw light," even in a darkened room. The magic of
light and flame also call to mind the most menacing of all
vampiric adversaries — the infamous torch-wielding mob.

Just as the folk beliefs of light and flame may work their
powerful magics against the undying, the folklore of dark-
ness and night can prove to be a formidable ally. On the
night of the new moon, when all the world is in darkness,
mortal rulers can be petitioned to grant a boon —a special
gift or favor. Presumably, a Cainite prince might honor the
same tradition.

THE Four HORSEMEN OF
THE APOCALYPSE

Mortality runs rampant through Dark Medieval Europe.
War, Plague, Famine, Death — the four dark riders — are not
mythic characters of some distant prophecy, but rather, per-
manent residents of the third pillar. They live among the
peasantry, preying on them daily.

The peasant firmly believes that the end is at hand, that
the Apocalypse is upon him. What is more difficult to
understand is that this belief is not seen as unusual, or even
fanatical. Unlike 20th-century Millennialism, the Dark Medi-
eval belief that all things are unraveling requires no great
conviction to maintain.

Given the ravages sweeping Europe, this conclusion ap-
pears an obvious one. Man — the body, the physical, the
earthly — is wicked and corrupt. The Lord is punishing man
unto death.

Tue CaINITE APOCALYPSE

Cainites have their own legends of the end of the world.
While mortals look to the Revelation of St. John the Divine,
the vampires have managed to rescue a number of other
prophetic books from the ravages of time.

Perhaps the most famous of these works is the much-
maligned Book of Nod. Cainite scholars have attacked the
cryptic manuscript fragments on many fronts. The most
damning criticism centers on the lack of continuity be-
tween this document and any known poetic, mystic or
prophetic tradition.

In defense of the Nod fragments, it must be pointed out
that given the academics' lack of any detailed knowledge
about the lost culture of the First City, it is possible that the
Nod verses are fine examples of some long-forgotten poetic
and prophetic forms.

The dispute is further complicated by the fact that there
are a number of known forgeries currently in circulation (the
Metz Illuminated, the Ninevah tablets, etc.), which can bear
little or no resemblance to the original text.

Besides these red herrings, many of the translations thought
to be authentic have been purposefully obscured in order to
conceal certain secret traditions. Throughout the ages, many
sects, cults and secret societies have formed around the Nod
lore. Each one has jealously guarded its sacred mysteries from
the eyes of the uninitiated.

The serious scholar of the Cainite Apocalypse has to
sneak up on the Book of Nod. The best way to gauge the value
and authenticity of any particular fragment is by examining it
in light of the other surviving prophetic works.

The fragment below is taken from the Fall of Enoch. It is
not surprising that Caine, who is the protagonist in the
vampire creation myth, has a prominent part to play in this
story of the end of time as well.

THOSE WHO TOIL


To date, the main virtue that scholars have found in this
selection isits unique glimpse of Gehenna—the final Kinslaying.
Perhaps more important in these delicate times, however, are the
disturbing images of Caine as the peasant exalted — the sower
and reaper of his own kind. Here all things are inverted. The
peasant has risen up and assumed the mantle of the vengeful
master. It is not only his own childer who will fall beneath his
wrath, but the very structure of our three-pillared society:

"This is the Endtime. This is the Fading of the Bluid.

"And in the last days the Master will once again take up
his Tools. The Firmament will tremble and the Erth itself will
be split asunder. The secret places of the Erth will be cast up
into the air and the milky-white creatures of darkness will
shriek in the light of day. For it is written that Abel was a
keeper of sheep but Caine was a tiller of the ground.

"The First-Born comes in fury. He harrows his children
from their graves. His wrath is like unto a hammer, an unhewn
cudgel wet with the Bluid of the Kinslaying. He drives the
lighting before him.

"His voice is a dark wind scouring the plain. At his word,
the sky opens raining Bluid upon the furrows he has prepared.
His childer raise expectant faces to the Hevens, but they are
choked and drowned in the torrent of spilling life. Such is the
price of their hungers.

"Only then shall Caine unyoke his red-eyed ox, whose
name is called Gehenna for none may abide its countenance,
and loose it to graze upon the Plain of Megiddo."

THE ComMET Wormwoop

Evidence for the pending Apocalypse is ever close at
hand. The Revelation foretells the loosing of the Comet
Wormwood that will appear in the heavens during the final
days. The comet is to be a harbinger of great and sweeping
calamities — of seven "plagues" that will devastate the Earth.
These disasters will eclipse even the seven plagues that Moses
visited upon the land of Egypt.

InA.D. 1066, afiery herald appeared in the nightsky. Itwas
Halley's Comet come round for its regular once-every-76th-
year visit. As usual, it brought with it a great public outcry.
Throughout Dark Medieval Europe, comets are associated with
changes of monarchs, plagues, wars, floods and famines.

This visit proved to be no exception. Even the casual
student of history recognizes 1066 as the year that witnessed
the Norman Conquest of England. This conquest was, in fact,
the second major foreign invasion that the island narion
suffered that year.

Halley's Comet was not the only fiery omen to appear in
the night sky and give birth to widespread rumors that the end
was at hand. A great aurora was reported all across Northern
Europe in 1192. Regions as far-scattered as Flanders, Gaul,
Germany, England and Bohemia reported seeing its manifes-
tations. Some reported a flaming sword or spear standing in
the sky. Others saw ethereal armies clashing. Some perceived
fiery serpents in the display of lights.

THREE PILLARS

By far, the most common reaction to this phenomenon
was the belief that a neighboring village was on fire. This was
quite an understandable impression given the number of
raiding armies ravaging the countryside. The wood-and-thatch
peasant homes also have a tendency to succumb to the open
flames that were their only source of heat and light.

<

The aurora was commonly believed to be the harbinger of
the great famine of 1197. War, plague, famine and death are
never far apart. For the peasant, mortality is a constant compan-
ion. It is not death that he has difficulty accepting. The
revelation capable of shaking him to the core is the monstrous,
blasphemous discovery of life everlasting — undeath.

THE COMMUNION OF THE DAMNED

The 12th century is not an easy time to be alive. It is not
surprising that it is a particularly challenging time to be among
the undying.

At first it may seem that the Cainites of this era have little
tofear. They can stand unflinchingly before the advance of the
Four Horsemen who lay low all of mortal kind.

The same act that takes a vampire beyond the reach of
death, however, severs him from the hope of the life to come.

The Cainite is locked in a perpetual present. The greatest
challenge of his continued existence is finding justification for
this lingering present.

The fledgling vampire soon discovers that his mortal past
is completely beyond his grasp. He can never go back and, as
the years pass, even the reminders of those bygone days
dwindle away. Old friends and relatives leave this world for the
next. The familiar trappings — the tools, the furnishings, the
buildings, even the landscape itself — all undergo dramatic
transformations.

The stream of time is, ironically, both sluggish and turbu-
lent as it passes before his eyes. The only constant amid the
crashing waters is the vampire himself. There is a real danger
that as the last vestiges of his human life slip away, his
humanity will be lost as well.

With all the events of his past rendered irrelevant by the
passing years, each Cainite must grapple with the question of
whether or not his current actions will bear up under the
scrutiny of time.

The Dark Medieval peasant is ill-equipped to wrestle with
these particular inner demons. The angst, doubt and existen-
tial dilemmas so characteristic of the 19th and 20th century
have little footing here.

These people like order, tradition and hierarchy. Society
exists and works because God himself set it up that way for
man's benefit. God provided the people with the nobility to
look after all of their worldly concerns: to make sure everyone
was fed, sheltered and protected. To guide men spiritually and
gather them closer to Himself, God provided the Catholic
Church. The Church is a pivotal force in the life of every man,
woman, and child in Darkest Europe. It is an anchor.


Orbers OF Nicut

The solitary Cainite peasant is keenly aware of being cast
spiritually adrift. Isolation plays heavily on him. The burden
is made even heavier by the fact that during his mortal life he
has known little or no privacy.

His entire mortal life has been ordered, and in many ways
given meaning by, complex interlocking social hierarchies. It
is not surprising then, that the Cainite peasant often tries to
ease the pangs of exile by surrounding himself with other
outcasts and creating his own power structure.

The highest level of this structure is occupied by the vampire's
own brood. The Cainites of this age, however, are acutely aware
that the scattered peasant villages of their domains can barely
support and conceal the feeding of a single vampire. This con-
stant awareness of the limits of the available blood supply makes
the Cainite extremely reluctant to sire progeny.

This problem is compounded by the dynamics of the
Cainite family. A wise Cainite never lets his childe wander far
from his sight. "Keep your childer and your other enemies well
within your reach," is a well-known Cainite proverb. In practi-
cal terms, the only areas that can support two or more vampires
are the cities and towns.

In effect, creating progeny becomes the almost exclusive
privilege of the aristocratic elite — the political infighters of
Europe's largest courts. This arrangement is expedient for
other reasons. These courtiers have the highest attrition rate
of any of the undying.

The Cainite populations of these major cities are closely
controlled by their princes. This measure allows the prince not
only to maintain the delicately balanced predator/prey ratio, but
itlets him preserve the political balance of power in his own court.

Theright tocreateachildeis often areward for performingsome
great service to the Crown. This practice ensures that as the prince
prospers, his faction multiplies, making the prince more powerful
still. A wise prince also uses this privilege to maintain the balance
of power within his own camp, ensuring that none of his followers
gains enough strength to make an effective bid for the throne.

The second level of the Cainite's power structure is composed
of other Cainites who have sworn the prince fealty. The Cainite is
often a being of greatly exaggerated self-importance. The power
structure he creates around himself is almost exactly the same as
that ofa mortal king. While the ruling vampire princes of Europe's
capital cities easily wield the power of a king or even an emperor,
for most Cainites such a structure is rooted in pretense.

The top level of the hierarchy, the brood, is analogous to
Europe's royal princes. These royal family members are the
highest level of the nobility. The second level of the Cainite's
power structure is the other Cainites who have sworn the
prince fealty, analogous to the lords of the land.

The feudal oath among Cainites is a looser relationship
than that of its mortal counterpart. Rarely do two vampires
meet outside the context of a city. The Cainite domains
stretch over large geographic areas. Strong centralized control
over such far-flung and willful creatures is an implausibility.


Furthermore, each scattered domain is recognized as that...

Cainite's sovereign territory. There is more than a touch of
irony to this admission. The vampires of the countryside are,
by definition, living outside mainstream urban Cainite soci-
ety. They are the outcasts, the outlaws, the pariahs — in short,
the vampire peasantry. Even the Rottebrittie, the self-styled
robber-barons who surround themselves with every luxury of
the noble lifestyle are members of the third pillar. They are no
more "sovereigns" than the mortal highwaymen are.

Intrusions within these rural domains are rare, and all

encounters tend to be governed by the highly formalized
system of hostright and guestright.
A host is expected to provide his guest victims for

sustenance and a secure place to wait out the daylight hours.
More importantly, the host is responsible to see that no
insult or harm comes to his guest while the visitor remains in
the host's domain.

The guest is expected to abide by the rules of his host's
domain, to provide news of the lands beyond, and to join his
host in any entertainment he might devise for them. Further-
more, the guest must not overstay his welcome nor offer any
insult or harm to the host or any other within his domain.

Although the conventions of hostright and guestright
may seem rooted in the genteel and chivalrous, these practices
are most staunchly defended in the cottages of the poorest

oN

peasants. No one prides himself more on placing a feast before
his guest than the serf who struggles to feed his family each
winter. There is a certain nobility in giving generously —
especially when the gift clearly exceeds the giver's means.

The relationship between host and guest is a solemn bond
reminiscent of that between lord and vassal. The guestright is
only terminated upon the visitor leaving the lord's domain, or
upon the guest violating the hostright.

The visitor initiates the guestright by presenting himself
promptly to the host upon entering his domain. The host
cannot refuse without loss of honor and status, except in cases
of a great wrong done him in the past by the Cainite on his
doorstep. Even in these extreme cases, whether or not to honor
the request for guestright is something of a moral quandary.

Other serious dilemmas might arise during the visitor's
stay. If the guest were a fugitive from a neighboring domain,
its lord might show up to demand that the offender be
handed over to him. A messenger might arrive from the
host's overlord instructing him that this guest should be
cast out or detained. Two or more guests might come to
blows, with the host responsible for seeing that no harm
come to either of them.

These formalized codes of conduct tend to make most
conflicts between the Cainite more of a battle of wits, politics
and manners rather than a bloodbath.


Rural vampires who are joined in the feudal bonds will
traditionally only see€ach other once each year, on one of the
four great festivals. The most significant Cainite holidays are
Pentecost and All Saints. It is traditional for the Cainite to
celebrate one of these festivals at the court of his liege lord. A
lord may alternately require his vassals to attend him for the
Christmas or Easter feasts. These gatherings are an occasion.
for great ceremony, feasting and revelry.

Pentecost is the celebration of the Holy Spirit descending
upon Christ's apostles. The Spirit came to them in tongues of
flame and empowered them with the spiritual gifts that they
would use to spread Christ's teachings to the rest of the world.

Pentecost is a time for embarking on new projects. A lord
might set challenges and quests before his knights. Vassals
might request boons from their overlord.

Contemplating the fiery gifts of the Spirit, many Cainites
keep in mind the Dark Gift that courses like fire through their
veins. Some are reminded of just how far from grace they have
fallen and throw themselves into calculated evil and debauchery
with renewed abandon. Othersare reminded that any supernatu-
ral gifts carry with them grave responsibilities toward mankind.

The Pentecost feasts of the Cainite are easily distinguish-
able from their mortal counterparts. Although images of the
holy flame are everywhere — tapestries, tablecloths, orna-
ments and garments display the pattern and colors of fire —
woe to anyone who brings an open flame into a vampire's hall.
Insome regions, custom dictates that the candlesticks on the
Cainite's table stay empty and inverted as a symbol of this ban.

The feast of All Saints is a celebration of redemption from
darkness. It is significant that the revel of the Dark Medieval
Cainite is not All Hallows Eve, a festival marking the closest
point of proximity between the realms of the dead and the living.

The cavorting witches, ghosts and goblins of All Hallows
Eve are not banished, but rather, transformed in the radiance of
All Saints. They are revealed to be mere discontented mortals
who seek profit through bringing misery and misfortune to their
fellows. The light that reveals their crouched, twisted forms is the
juxtaposition to those who have transcended the mere mortal
through selfless sacrifice and service— the company of the saints.

All Saints can be a very humbling occasion for the
Damned. Some Cainites go out of their way to avoid these
festivities altogether. The recrimination is all too clear: Vio-
lence toward one's fellow man is the Cainite's only sustenance.
The vampire is really nothing more than a corpse without
sense enough to lie still.

Many vampires, however, are willing to suffer these unspo-
ken accusations. It is a small penance for the atrocities they
commit each night. Many take comfort in the example of the
saints, that through grace and good works even the most Damned
might be redeemed. Even if the Cainite believes the door of
redemption is forever barred to him, he might aspire to become
an exemplar, a dark angel leading others toward the light.

This kind of struggle beyond the threshold of hope is the
stuff of which saints are made.

FAN Oatu Beyond DEATH

A feudal bond between two Cainites does not imply the
mystic Blood Oath. Although a vassal who is bound by the
Oath is valued above all others, save progeny in the Cainite's
power structure, most feudal relations are of the more mun-
dane variety.

Among the Cainites, feudal bonds are most often just an
acknowledgment of the superior power of a neighboring
Cainite. If a vampire bests another in personal combat, the
victor may demand that the vanquished immediately swear
fealty or lose his life.

The voluntary method of swearing fealty occurs in a
formal ceremony, often coinciding with the culmination of
one of the great feast days. The new vassal places his hands
between those of his lord, literally demonstrating that he has
placed himself in the lord's hands. The lord then raises him up
and greets him as an equal, demonstrating to those assembled
that the vassal is not his servant, but his peer.

The vassal is now considered under the lord's protection
and any that harm the servantrisk the wrath of the master. The
vassal is expected to support his liege, to give him news and
council and to come to his defense when summoned.

Fellow Cainites are by far the most dangerous pawns that
a vampire works into his power structure. Keeping such
powerful and willful creatures in check is a constant struggle.
Most of the immortal lords are relieved when their vassals
return to their own scattered holdings at the conclusion of
the festival.

Dame Fortuna

In translation, Dame Fortuna is most often rendered
"Lady Luck." In Dark Medieval Europe, we might use the
literal "Miss Fortune." Fortuna holds aloft a great wheel.
Representatives from each of the three pillars cling to its edge.
Each rises and falls in turn as the wheel spins.

The Wheel of Life is populated with a host of colorful and
subtly disturbing characters, each grand and tragic. The lifestyle
of the rural serf might seem unromantic and somewhat limit-
ing to the power-craving lords of the dead.

The burgeoning new urban areas provide many opportu-
nitiesand viable character concepts for the Cainite. Journeyman
artisans and craftsmen enjoy a greater measure of freedom and
mobility than their agrarian cousins. Traders and merchants,
although still seen as engaging in "dirty work," are beginning
tocome into their own with the establishment of overland and
sea trade routes to the East and Near East.

The third pillar is also a veritable rogues' gallery of the
dispossessed. Here reside the outcasts, freaks and scavengers
living on the fringe of society. Uncounted refugees, lepers and
pariahs; heretics, outlaws and poltroons; usurers, cripples,
hags, beggars, hermits, village idiots —all cling precariously to
the Great Wheel. Shrewd players will find among these
colorful individuals not only a source of prey, but compelling
character concepts as well.

THOSE WHO TOIL


. THE PLAGUE Cross

As plague and famine cast their shadows across Eu-
rope, a new and grisly realism creeps into even the most
transcendent spiritual art. The plague cross depicts a
skeletal Christ, each bone of his feet and ribs clearly
visible. This symbol is a reminder that the harsh necessi-
ties of the peasant lifestyle infiltrate every aspect of the
Dark Medieval European setting.

One of the most important factors to keep in mind when
running a chronicle in Darkest Europe is that the role of the
peasantry is far greater than just providing a host of memo-
rable characters. The peasantry is so pervasive that it can be
used as a tool to establish the entire tone of a specific locale

Consider a group of characters entering a remote village
for the first time. It is shortly after nightfall, not a soul is
abroad. As they approach, a solitary horse gallops past,
dragging its unresisting rider behind it. It then vanishes
soundlessly into the wood.

This disturbing image will form the characters' first
impression of the village. If the symbol is strong enough, it
will color all of their subsequent impressions.

Each location within a chronicle should feature a unique
and compelling central image. Many common sights that
would not have caused a traveler to bat an eye can be used to
haunting effect. The draping of a chapel for Lent, for in-
stance, can produce a powerful reaction as each of the
sculpted figures is covered in a shroud.

In the churchyard, one might come across a family
picnicking among the tombstones. At night, lights in the
churchyard might herald a mob gathering to exhume the
corpse of one suspected of being a vampire. Witnessing the
brutal ritual of decapitation and staking can be quite a
disturbing experience for the Cainite.

An abandoned village can also have an eerie effect.
Fields that sit untended with wheat rotting on the stalk can
be played for great dramatic effect. Nor are the characters
likely to forget the black-eyed child staring vacantly up at
them from the bottom of the village well.

In areas suffering from famine, human meat might be
found for sale in the marketplace. Flocks of dark children
descend like crows onto the fields of corn. The shepherd
dozing on the serene hillside might on closer inspection turn
out to be a rotting corpse.

Even innocuous daylight activities become sinister under
the cover of darkness. The fatmet carting lye at midnight, two
men playing cards in the woods by lantern light, aman burying
asealed jar — all give an air of uneasiness to the proceedings.

Common folk merely going about their business can take
on ominous overtones. A farmer sharpening a plowshare, ora
leper ringing a bell to warn of his approach, the servant setting
an extra place for Death at the table's foot, can be as alarming
as the cross or stake that repeatedly peeks from beneath a
certain villager's garment each time he bends or shifts.


Storytellers should not hesitate to occasionally push this
imagery into the realm of the surreal or fantastic. A farmer at
the edge of the Black Forest might be seen sowing a field with
goblin's teeth. An old man might whittle creatures that scurry
away as soon as he sets them down. A cat might speak with the
stolen voices of children.

Each of these initial haunting glimpses can also provide
story hooks, embroiling the characters into the plot or fore-
shadowing later dramatic developments. The horse that rode
through, dragging its rider, need not be merely a device
thrown in for atmosphere.

Perhaps the characters can pursue and intercept the beast,
immediately involving them in the plot. Furthermore, that
horse, its rider, something in its saddlebags, or perhaps some-
thing stolen from them, should be central to the adventure
that waits ahead in the village.

Itis important to remember that in any Dark Medieval setting,
the scene is always set by the peasantry. The peasants are so
pervasive that they are both backdrop and Greek chorus —
simultaneously setting the scene and interpreting it as well. The
peasantry is a rich source of material to develop a strong sense of
character, setting, plotandeventheme that willenrichany chronicle.

THOSE WHO TOIL


THE Lorp's MAN

Quote: Your wisdom is fair and just, my lord, but might I recommend amore. ..final
solution?

Prelude: Backbreaking labor —a great deal of it — monopolized your youth,
as it did with many of the other children in the castle's village. You grew to despise
your lot at a very young age, and while working the fields you looked longingly at
the castle and imagined the marvelous life surely therein.

Time did not improve your toil. Rather, it added to the work and
responsibility you bore. Like any good man, you married and fathered
children of your own, and put them to work in the same fields you

tended as a youth, there at the very edge of town.

Fate had not finished with you yet, however; there were other
blights in store for you aside from the mundane grind of peasant life.
One night, you tarried too late in the field and failed to heed the
setting sun's warning to retire indoors. As if forewarned of your

nocturnal dalliance, a feral monster lurked just beyond the copse

of trees at the end of your fields and in an instant, your menial

worries were over...

...or they would have been, were your attacker less careless.

In the struggle, you managed to wound the monster who slew you, and

as she left you lying in the field and walked away, the tiniest drop of her
blood found its way into your gaping mouth.

Youarose from the site of your murder as a ravenous beast, and slaked

your thirst on pigs and cows. After you regained your senses, you realized

that someone would have to account for the animals' slaughter — and
it certainly wasn't going to be you. You found asuitable patsy, turned him
over to the lord that same night, and became a valued, loyal member of
the lord's house for your efforts.

It is a position you keep to this very night.

Concept: Kings are always the first targets, but kingmakers never
enter the assassin's list. Though you don't pull the lord's strings, you
nonetheless enjoy privileges untasted by others, and you operate with a
degree of legal autonomy. Of course, many other peasants loathe syco-
phants like you, and for very good reason... Youare a vulture among wolves
and sheep, and you love it.

Roleplaying Hints: Though you are thoroughly Damned by the curse of
Caine, there are others among the wretched flock of peasants who deserve
death and torment at your hands. As God has cursed you, so shall you plague

those who have escaped His notice — and make the best of your time doing
it. You are cunning, clever and insidious, and this reputation follows you,
making you unpopular among the other members of the third pillar. Perhaps it
is best that you are under the lord's protection.

Equipment: Patched clothing cast-offs, shortsword, leather hauberk

THREE PILLARS La


Zo - a

‘THE DARK FiGES
NAME: Nature .Garviver GENERATION: 7th
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Rogue HAVEN:
CHRONICLE: CLAN: Gangret CONCERT: Lord's Man
ATTRIBUTES \
PHYSICAL SociAL MENTAL \
Strength, @@00 = Charisma @@@000 Perception. @@0000
Dexterity @@00 = Manipulation. @@0@00 Intelligence @00000 }
Stamina. @@00 = Appearance e@0000 Wits e@@000 ‘)
ABILITIES V,
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES y
Acting @00000_ Animal Ken. @00000_ Academics____0 00000 )
Alertness @@@000 Archery. @00000 _ Hearth Wisdom__@@0000
Athletics, @00000_ Crafts. 000000 _Investigation_ @00000
Brawl e000 Etiquette 000000 _ Law @00000
Dodge. @0000_ Herbalism @00000 Linguistics 000000
Empathy. 000000 Melee @00000_ Medicine. @00000
Intimidation, @00000 Masic. 000000 _ Occult 000000
Larceny. 000000 Ride. 000000 _ Politics, 000000 ]
Leadership. 000000 _ Stealth. @©@@000_ Science 000000
Subterfuge. @@0000 Survival @@0000 _ Seneschal. 000000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
_Sortitude __ ®® 0000 eneration ee@00 ;
Protean @@0000 influence @0000 Conscience e809 \
SE oor 01010) Resources —__@®0000 - Self-Control. @e@e00 \
000000 00000 b
000000 00000 _ Courage. (Ry
—=— OTHER TRAITS Road HEALTH 74
000000 Ftumanity Bruised O Q
000000 H 10
e@e3@«e@eeooo0od urt =
000000 Injured -l (
000000 —— WILLPOWER Wounded -2 O
9000000 Mauled 28
000000 @@@e@e@00000 Crippled 35) rel
900000 nynnnoOn00000 Incapacitated i] (|
000000
900000 _———Broop Poot == Wanags
000000 (
ooooog GOUOOOOO00O
FEL gy een

yg
re

\s


sx The Italian
City-Stntes

Sy me AQF a.

Sul ttle he thinketh on my
coming.

Dis mindison fleshy lusts
and his treasure...

OW \

Wuat ARE THE
iran Crry-Srares?

The Italian city-states are tiny nations. At the dawn of the
13th century, there are literally hundreds of city-states — some
only a few miles across, a few respectably large — each a tiny,
self-governing and fiercely patriotic republic, with its own sense
of culture and history. They have town councils, administrative
podesta and open-air assemblies. While far from egalitarian, the
cities are the closest thing to functioning democracies (or at
least oligarchies) in Dark Medieval Europe. The city-states are
anomalies in a feudal world. Only the power vacuum between
Imperial Germany and the Kingdom of Sicily makes their
existence possible. Indeed, they thrive exclusively in the north-
ern and central areas of the Italian peninsula. Many cities have
recently been absorbed in name, if not in fact, by the newly
ascendant Papal States. Vibrant, violent places, the Italian
cities build marvelous cathedrals beside their town squares,
elect councils, pass laws, wage wars — and fight to survive.

Powerful and quarrelsome magnates wrack the cities from
within. Families fight each other in the streets, using mobs of
dependents like armies, retreating to private towers when battles go
badly. From without, the cities war with each otherand countryside
alike. Potent neighbors to the north and south threaten to disband
their councils and return them to the shackles of feudal rule.

It is an exciting time and place to be mortal or Cainite.
The future unfolds more rapidly here than elsewhere — and is
more pliant to the hands of those who would shape it.

Tue Morrat Litt

Cainites rule by night, but by day humans govern them-
selves. The achievements of the Italian city-states belong far
more to mortals than to the children of Caine. Herein we
explore the world of the living, the cities they have made for
themselves, their manner of life, government and the customs
that separate them from one another.

ANATOMY OF A Ciry-STATE
Compared to you, Athens and Lacedaemon,

though civil cities, with their ancient laws,

had merely sketched the life of righteousness;

for you devise provisions so ingenious—

whatever threads October sees you spin,

when mid-November comes, will be unspun.

—Dante addressing Florence, The Inferno VI, translated
by Allen Mandelbaum.

As a political institution, the city-state is a hodgepodge.
Noone designed the city-state; it grew into its present shape. At
its heart isa peculiar institution known as acommune— a word
that literally means "an association of people." A commune is

THREE PILLARS

a bit like a government and a little like a club. There are both
urban and rural communes — but only the ones managing cities
are important for our purposes. In the city-states, the term
usually indicates not only all the people in the city, but their
government as well. In fact, one might say the commune is the
city-state and vice versa, except for one crucial fact: Not
everyone in the city is a member of the commune. Usually only
the eligible males of the main city belong to one, anditrules over
not just the city itself, but the whole state, including the
surrounding countryside and lesser towns.

Over time, communes have experimented with various
organs of government. Until the 12th century, cities were
represented by their bishops and a handful of the richer citizens.
Now there are a plethora of different kinds of secular officials —
from the more old-fashioned consuls to the newer podestds and
the lawyers and notaries who manage it all. Church bishops,
meanwhile, have diminished in secular power — although they
remain and always will be people of great importance.

THE AssEMBLY & THE COUNCIL

In the earliest days of urban communes, when cities were
small, it was still practical to gather all the adult male citizens
into some sufficiently large, open space and hold a debate.
Naturally, the more powerful citizens would sway much of
the opinion — sometimes they even made most of the
decisions by themselves. Such general assemblies, however,
tended to be loud and fractious — imagine a thousand angry
people all shouting at the top of their lungs! — and a more
refined form of representation, the council, soon took over
the daily business of government. In 1197, general assemblies
are only called for the ratification of important decisions and
on special occasions.

The makeup of the council varies significantly from city
to city. In some cities, the council has only a handful of
members; in others, several hundred. In some places, the
council is elected, either directly or through an elaborate
process. In others, the council selects its own successors.
Members or electors are often chosen by lot. In some locales,
a particular family or institution always has one or more
councilors — or is banned from the council altogether. Varia-
tions are practically endless, and most communes change the
tules of the game every few years, searching for just the right
constitution, or to reflect changes in political influence.

The council, in all its myriad of forms, is the true
governmental heart of any 13th-century commune. It de-
cides everything. Most communes busily engage in the
creation of their own civil and criminal codes of law, passing
statutes as the need or the mood takes them. In cases where
their own local law has no precedent, they usually turn to
ancient Roman examples or to traditional customs. The
council also regulates street plans, dictates the appearance of
private buildings, supervises the construction of public works
(such as walls, cathedrals and aqueducts), conducts foreign
policy, hires the podesta and other officials, and decides on
matters of war and peace.


THE CONSULS

The earliest executive office that the city-states created
for themselves is the consul, so named after an ancient Roman
office. The consulate is a nebulously defined post and the
subject of constant tinkering in most communes. Sometimes
there is one consul, sometimes several dozen. (Old Republican
Rome had two consuls, so many communes flirt with that
number.) Consuls are either commonly elected directly, by the
acclimation of the people (this practice involves getting the
whole city in a square, to cheer or boo as the spirit moves
them) or indirectly, by the city's councilmen. In the latter
case, the council selects the consuls and then presents them for
approval in the assembly. Unless the crowd is markedly
hostile, the consul will be proclaimed "elected" regardless of
the actual cheering. Certain cities elect them by class, with a
fixed number from each group. Because there are often mul-
tiple consuls, drawn from the wealthiest and most fractious
classes, disputes between equal consuls are common, much to
the consternation of the commune itself.

Consuls manage the city's finances, conduct negotiations
and act as judges. (By 1197, many cities also have judicial
consuls.) In times of war, they act as generals. Most city-states,
however, place limits on a consul's freedom of action. The
assembly or council can often override a consul's decision or
remove him from office altogether.

THE PopESTA

Many communes have grown tired of the office of consul
and its inevitable problems. These communes instead turn to
anew office — that of the podesta — to solve their woes. A
podesta is a single person, elected to serve as chief administra-
tor of a commune. He is always hired from outside the
eommune himself. The podestd's tenure is always short (six
months to a few years) and there is usually a review of his
performance before he leaves. The same person may never
serve two terms in a row. In this way, the podesta is supposed
to be impartial and incorruptible, even while control of the
whole administrative apparatus is invested in his single per-
son. The institution of the podesta becomes increasingly
common in the latter decades of the 12th century and has
almost entirely replaced the consulate by early in the 13th.

Communes usually invite podesta from other nearby cities.
The podesta-elect is frequently a noble and has probably worked
as an administrator or podestd elsewhere. (In fact, as this office
becomes more entrenched, certain nobles start to work as profes-
sional administrators-for-hire.) Occasionally, another member
of the candidate's family may be acceptable —"I can't work this
month; will you take my son instead?" —as arranged between the
candidate and the commune. If the official performs the job
adequately, he might be hired again (once the waiting period has
elapsed), perhaps even several times. On the other hand, incom-
petent or rebellious podesta can be summarily fired.

A podesta's duties and powers are much the same as the
consul's, but there is only one podesta, and he is unquestionably
the council's inferior.

aw NN


THE PopoLto

Part trade union, part political party, part militia and part
revolution, the popolo is a state within a state. It is the organiza-
tion by which the "middle-class" guildsmen defend themselves
from the truly wealthy. At the turn of the 13th century, the
popolo is still relatively weak. In most city-states, a popolo comes
about when, fearing oppression from the magnates, the poor
people in the city and the countryside form a kind of militia. In
joining the popolo, an individual artisan or farmer agrees to fight
(if need be) in the popular infantry. This defensive league has
gradually accumulated peace-time functions. As the 13th cen-
tury waxes, the guilds dominate the politics increasingly within
the popolo, which meets in legislative bodies and passes regula-
tions for its members. (The truly poor are excluded from popolo
politics; it is run by the "middle class.") In some cities, the popolo
has become so successful that it gets seats on the council by
default. Popoli take an extremely hostile view toward the rich.
Their statutes often dictate death (carried out by the popolo)
against any noble who kills a member. On the council, they
often push for greater numbers of popolo representatives, or even
the total expulsion of all non-popolo members from government
office. Thus, while the popolo protects the middle class (a rare
thing in Dark Medieval Europe), it is also a constant source of
friction (and violence) in communes where it is strong.

prec CR Cee

zg

Siren,
Sian

SJ

Siena: THE EVOLUTION OF A COMMUNE

Siena, a Tuscan hill-town, neatly illustrates the
evolution of Dark Medieval town government and the
nuances that Storytellers should be aware of as they
research their chronicle's setting,

YS,

GZ

Untilthe £2:K century, Siéia wastuled by Carolingian
or Lombard lards, bur these lords, being remote from the
city, gradually waned,in power: The Sienese bishop, too,
owned much of the lecallahdand had astrong'say in early
town govertment. Butby 1125, the Most important local
men, Withethe aid-efconsuls, miled the ciey.Tiek170, the
consuls proved powerful enough edjemporarily expel the
bishop' The final blowsfor the bishop came in.186: The
Emperor Frederick Barbarossa tried and failed' subdue
Siena by-fore Dhe-si€ge ended with anvefficial recogni-
tion of*Siena's' independénce' and: a-forféiture/of the
bishop's larid tights. The Sienese' also 160k advantage of
the occasionto,replace:theit consi! With a podesta.

Theconsfitutionwasagain rewritténin 1233, thistime
to accommodate the néw/powef of the popolo. Its captain
became an official"6fficet of theystate,!and the council's
number set at 24, half of whi¢htwete members of the popolo
and the other half grandi, or teprésentatives of the rich.

By 1285, the popolofSupplants the grandi alto-
gether, removing them from government and creating
a self-appointing council of nine, an arrangement that
lasts until nearly the 11th century.

Z
z
=
2
A
é
Ow;

4

"*h


THE CONTADO

Most city-states lay claim to the territory that surrounds
them: ficlds, farmlands, castles, villages and even smaller towns.
The countryside is indispensable to a commune; it is a tax base,
asource of recruits and the producer of food. The city-states are
currently engaged in a battle to expand the area they control.
Mostbelieve that they havearight to anything within the bounds
of their bishop's diocese — regardless of existing feudal claims.
This zone of influence is called the contado. If a city-state can, it
forces existing counts, nobles and villages to voluntarily swear
allegiance. Thus, the city itself becomes their feudal lord. Many
communes engage in warfare against smaller cities or landed
nobles, trying to snatch away property and power. It is common
tofind smaller communes within the contado ofa larger city; these
smaller cities have agreed to or been forced to give up their
independence. They must often pay some tax or levy and accept
a podesta nominated by their master city. Eventually, however,
the major cities will find they have nothing left to subdue — and
then they will be at each other's throats.

Inhabitants of the contado are at the mercy of the ruling
town. Only rarely are they granted citizenship or a voice in
commune affairs, and their lives and property are ruthlessly
manipulated for the city's benefit. Starving farmers must watch
their grain being hauled away for others to eat, while local artisans
find themselves forced to trade exclusively with the mother town.

GUELPHS OR GHIBELLINES?

Two terms are ubiquitous in histories of Italy —
Guelph and Ghibelline. They refer to succession crises of
the Holy Roman Empire. "Guelph" isa corruption of Welf,
a German family, and "Ghibelline" is a corruption of
Waiblingén, Guelph and Ghibellinéare labels, refgfing to
a person's politigah sefifiments: Guéiphs are
Papal, ‘utile Ghibellines are roughily proj

until the, fhidel 3th" century;' ‘the
body are. very. indy alive by 1097 It
statesare) s cae

AC
ery a yuarey perfierated | hs family
and, shational aly If a.cit *spruling) lly is pro-

| Pe fro-Pepal.
Likewise, if on@gity in aj provinee is p its rival

city is likély % be, ptoflmpeti

sition "Guelph: probably hase ‘Ontacts.Or gets aid
from other eitiey where "Guelphs" pretinis

Cruel Storytellers take note! You catvetnb il your
players in rivalries— not just about local politics — but
by what thcy casually say about an empire several
hundred miles away.

SOcIETY IN THE Ciry-STATES

Within a commune, the three orders of Dark Medieval
society still exist, but the distinction between nobility and
commoner is often blurred. In the communes, there exist nobles
so poor that they must be given clothing suitable totheirstation,
commoners who equip themselves as knights and guilds whose
express purpose is to humble the mighty. Street corners bristle
with fortified towers, and violence is everywhere.

THE Nopitity

Certain city-dwelling families come from noble lineages.
Many hold extensive lands beyond the city walls and may
possess their own castles or other traditional fortifications
there. Some were once petty (or not so petty!) lords overtaken
by the expanding commune's power. Many a lording has found
that alliance or submission to a city-state offers advantages —
hardly the least of which is continued possession of their
property. Others come from the lesser orders of nobility —
knightships and the like. They can ply their trades like
everyone else in the city, though they are often considerably
richer. Noble families of all orders have resided in the city for
generations, if not centuries.

In the period circa 1197, nobles make up the majority of
most governing councils, and it is from their ranks that
important offices such as consul and judge are most often filled.
Furthermore, nobles are currently the mainstay of acommune's
cavalry. Horses and armor are expensive, and communes
require the richer nobles to maintain a working set. However,
the noble population is on the wane. The number of truly
noble families appears to be shrinking; diminished, say the
wags, by as much as a third or more.

Italian nobles are unique in that they do not disdain
participation in trade. Many act as merchants or bankers,
supplementing the income from their land holdings. The stigma
for these un-noble activities is far lower in the communes than
elsewhere in Europe, and, while many nobles deem trade as
theoretically unworthy of their time, few abstain altogether.

THE WEALTHY

A new class of persons has begun to usurp the traditional
prerogatives of the nobility — those who are wealthy but have
no formal title. In practice, they are noble in all but name. They
own land, engage in large-scale and long-distance trade, act as
bankers, cultivate family reputations, and generally lord it over
poorer folks. They have gradually acquired seats on the councils
and filled offices of state. The wealthy, however, are often
newcomers. The city-states have expanded rapidly throughout
the 12th century; each new influx includes humble families that
make their fortunes. The families are quickly, if grudgingly,
absorbed into the ruling elites. Most governments admit all
citizens of good reputation and a substantial income into that
privileged circle known as "leading men" or "good men of the
people." Such folk possess legal privileges above those of ordi-
nary commoners — and special obligations as well.

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


In such an environment, the wealthy may easily gain noble
status. One way is to marry into an older family, but this is not
common. Another is for a family to simply invent "noble" origins
for themselves — a form of self-aggrandizement. Recently, com-
muneshave knighted thosecommoners whocanaffordto maintain
ahorse and harness, the better to bolster the state's military might.

Naturally, the nobility detests wealthy commoners, but
they usually cannot hinder the newcomers' rise or prevent
their access to the organs of government. Besides, only a few
generations need pass before the commoner family is accepted
by the older blood of the city, and both can focus their hatred
on the latest crop of newcomers.

FAMILIES AND THEIR POWERS

Now one day, [Michele Scalza] was with some friends of his at
Montughi, and they happened to start an argument over which was the
most ancient and noble family in Florence. Some maintained it was
the Ubert, some of the Lamberti, and various other names were tossed
into the discussion, more or less at random.

Scalza listened to them for a while, then he started grinning,
and said:

"Get along with you, you ignorant fools, you don't know
what you're talking about. The ancient and most noble family , not
only in Florence, but in the whole wide world, is the Baronci....As
you are aware, the older the family, the more noble it is, and
everyone agreed just now that this was so. Since the Baronci are
older than anyone else, they are ipso facto more noble... .the fact of
the matter is that when the Lord God created the Baronci, He was
still learning His craft, whereas He created the rest of mankind
after He had mastered it. If you don't believe me, picture the
Baronci to yourselves and compare them to other people..."

— Boccaccio, The Decameron 6:6, translated by G. H.
McWilliam

A commune's leading families — whether noble or com-
mon; whether there are four or 20, or only one, of them —
dominate city life. A single wealthy family can own so much
farmland and control so many jobs that supporters rally around
them. A patron family is an employer, a guardian and a political
party all in one. Bread for the poor, support for the oppressed,
offices for the ambitious: These are all tangible rewards of service.
And when the carrot does not serve, the stick often suffices.
When the commune is weak, the rich can murder the poor with
impunity and act without regard to law. When times are troubled
or the commune strong, the rich can retreat to their urban towers
and call mobs of followers to their defense. The poor have little
choice but to accept whatever fate the rich give them.

Around the turn of the 13th century, before the popolo
reaches full strength, the great families control the councils
and other offices of government unchecked. In these small
worlds, the network of extended family is a sure way to
advancement and a ready source of political allies. Who can
one trust, if not one's own father, brother or cousin? Politics
within the commune are often marked by diplomacy or war
between the leading families. They may make peace among

THREE PILLARS

themselves, allocating communal offices among themselves,
sor they may make war with each other, besieging their urban
fortresses and murdering each other in the streets.

THe HUMBLE

The bulk of the populace consists of people of more vulgar
professions. Much of the population own land or are engaged
in agriculture; some, indeed, are little better than peasants,
commuting daily to their fields, while others live off the
proceeds of the small plots they lease to even poorer families.
Others engage in crafts of one sort or another (smithing is very
popular) or shopkeeping. It is extremely common for people to
mix two or more of these activities. A man could, for example,
be both an artisan and a covert moneylender, or a notary and
a minor land-holder.

While ordinary citizens do not wield the power of the
great, they nonetheless have many chances to participate in
the political life of the city. Neighborhoods in the city offer
posts as watchmen, supervisors of various public functions
("keeper of the streets!"), small advisory groups and the like.
Most of the humble know everyone in the city by sight —
including the great — and often have the ears of the patrons
or are used as makeshift infantry for street warfare. Further-
more, many cities still possess a general assembly, which all
citizens may (or must) attend. The mood of the crowd, the
strength of their acclamations or the harshness of their silence
often determines the course of public politics.

THE CLERGY

The clergy of the Italian communes are not much differ-
ent than clergy elsewhere. In Rome, of course, the presence of
Pope and curia means a higher proportion of clergy to laity and
an increase in the clergy's political power. In years gone by,
bishops played an important role as representatives of their
respective communes. Now the podesta and consuls have
mostly usurped the position of city executive. In all cities not
under interdict, however, life goes on, and the clergy, the
educated, elite, undisputed spiritual guardians, go about their
daily work of Mass and saving souls.

FaMILy

Italian family is unabashedly patriarchal and patrilineal
— the oldest living male is the head of the family. This
paterfamilias controls all the money and family property. What
is more, he rules over his wife, his children, his grandchildren
and sometimes even his younger brothers and sisters. A hus-
band controls his wife's dowty and any property she brings into
the family. A father manages his sons' incomes and even
decides what professions they may or may not pursue. If they
rebel, he can have them thrown into prison. It does not matter
how adult any of these people become — grown children and
grown grandsons are still subject to their patriarch's authority.
The only escape is marry into some other family (if you are
woman), or to wait until the old man dies (if you are a man) or
to move far away (if you are either).


Bear in mind that not only do moralists consider this
restrictive arrangement right and proper, so do most "ordinary"
people. Many hope that by behaving justly toward their elders,
they may one day be treated well by their children (or at least, go
to Heaven). In the meantime, the paterfamilias can manage the
family's resources to help its members. He can use these resources
to help a struggling cousin, pay for a grandson's education or
advance the family business. The converse, of course, is that he
can arbitrarily punish sons or daughters that he dislikes. Few like
tothink about the possibilities. (Thus, the likelihood of patricide
is probably higher than it would be otherwise.)

Family unity goes beyond the institution of the paterfamil-
igs. Married sons often live with their wives in their father's
house. Even when the father is dead, young brothers often live
together in the same household after marriage, so as to keep
family wealth together. Even after they part ways, brothers and
cousins often pool their wealth, so as to keep the family strong.
Such measures are necessary in a hostile world.

Tue Boop Frup

Families protect their own. The blood feud isa living tradition
inItaly. Harmone member ofa family, especially an importantone,
and you have gained a lasting enmity. Warring families may
murder their enemies in the street or take otheracts of vengeance.
And, of course, each blow is met...which leads to more violence.
When the combatants are rich, with many dependents, the
results can be particularly devastating — which is why most rich
families' houses are fortified like urban castles. Violence is thus
endemic to the city-states and murder is common.

\s
———
hws

YA

Mv

yt \
QUIT)

we

Most work in the Dark Medieval city-states is done from the
home. Artisans tend to keep their workshops and storerooms in
their house or in a series of rooms in the same building. Typical
domestic activities such as spinning and weaving can easily slide
over into commercial ventures. Bankers, moneylenders and the
like keep their books and money in the house — where else would
they be safe? The obvious exceptions are farmers, who must
commute to their farms (a peculiarity of the Italian city-states), and
merchants with substantial, bulky stock to store and transport.

FRIENDS

People of the city-states form other associations. Young folk
gather with others of their own sex. Unmarried women go to
church together (or partake in other reputable outings). Under-
aged men have more freedom, often forming cliques or even
violent gangs. (Such roving hoodlums are a danger day and
night.) Older men and women may have similar (if less formally
organized) societies. Entire families may associate with each
other, buying. fortified house together or agreeing to support one
another in all things. Finally, dice games, illegal but tolerated, are
a common way to spend one's few hours of spare time.

THE GuiLDs

Guilds are just starting to come into power and prominence
in the communes. Most major crafts have guilds, as do the Judges
and Notaries. Italian guilds engage in the same self-regulation and
monopolistic practices as do guilds elsewhere in Europe.

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


Listed below are some of the more common profes-
sions in a city-state — just the kind of thing that's handy
for a prelude, for fleshing out a favorite ghoul or even just
spicing up the occasional encounter on the night streets.

"profession," and people % ite iii often hay. horé™

Peasant: In Taly;inatiPeasinestivewiehtfthe y
of the nearest city, Gommut iily-totheirfields. Sc

the communes ceneaialls restrict immigration, C
versely, in uncertain times, communes will forcibly import /
peasants to securétheir own grain supplies.

people to us@her Dependingi6n the amount of
ier might live like a queen or
barely eke outa living. People ofall classes and genders can
be rentiers; a wealthy merchant might own several build-
ings, a peasant a field'and cottage; a noble, whole swaths
of countryside; a Widow mifeht mind her dead husband's
property. § , -"
Artisan: Theferma arcigan covers a wide rangeoferafts
— pottery, smithing) ¢ ig, etc. Each craft "has an
attendant guild that tganiizes its members and fixes wages
and prices. | | ie
u i ass, Italiangfnerchants may be
found all over D . ‘Merchants, typically
travel much, carryingtheir productswith ther Most trade
only in a welledefitie areavaround their-own téwn, and
deal mostly in commodities (foodstuffssand:the like).
Others deal with the exotic Muslims, exchanging spices
and gold for European cloth. The overseas trade is risky,
but extremely lucrative.

COMMON PROFESSIONS

Remember, tog, fhiat_a person can have more _than-one-

Rentier/Basically.a landlord, a rentiexebi@i#@69 ocher sel!

Moneylender: Yet another seemingly narrow cat-
egory that turns out to include a wide spectrum of people.
Not everyone who lends money need be rich, or need to
rely 0 on the'practi for their living. True, some wealthy

"allover, Europe, relying on the
bond to lend and loan money
En they also deal in letters of
nce. Through the townhouses

a Ry deposi gold in Flanders and

is the artisan who

very so often to

ch frowns on such
‘moneylenders have

5 One popular meta

pointed official, but Na "Judges" must master not
only the many (sometimiesjan absurd number) laws passed
b old Roman law, which
most cities use to supplemét al law. Judging is a rich
person's job — who else wot
tion to carry it out? Judges aré=typi¢ally.the sons of the
nobility but trained as secular cletks, rather than as knights
or as clergymen, and this, combined with their work's
importance, makes them especially powerful.

THE Puysicat ENVIRONMENT

Every city-state is different. Each has its own artistic
traditions, its own landmarks, its own effect on the eye. Never-
theless, city-states have a certain basic anatomy. All cities have
places where people congregate: where they worship and where
they live. These locations have an enormous influence on the
lives of the local folk, shaping the way they think and talk. Just
as the mall and the interstate define 20th-century suburbia, so,
too, do the duomo and piazza define life in a commune. What
follows is the archetype of a medieval Italian city. Many cities
differ from it in the particulars, but as a generalization, it allows
one to begin to understand what life in a commune is all about.

THREE PILLARS

Tue Basics

Medieval Italian cities are, by 20th-century standards,
small.

Most have under 20,000 people. Almost anybody of any
consequence knows everybody else of consequence. People see
their leaders almost daily, passing them in the street and
knowing them by sight. Patrons probably know all of their
dependents personally. Anonymity is hard to come by. Within
‘one's own class and city quarter, at the very least, people can
put a name and family history to every face. It's much like
small-town life anywhere. Gossip travels unimpeded, rumors
circulate and rivalries flourish for generations.


All activity is crammed into a tiny space. A person can
walk across even the largest commune, going from gate to gate,
ina half hour or so. City walls are extensive, and nobody really
wants to be stuck outside if there is a siege, so the tendency is to
make existing buildings taller rather than expanding the city
horizontally. (There are exceptions, of course; some cities build
spacious walls, expecting a corresponding increase in popula-
tion. They may then be stuck with idle land they cannot use in
upcoming years.) Such congestion leads to disease and filth.
Sewers disappeared with the Romans. The place for garbage is
the street; urine and feces rain down once the chamber-pot is
full. Wild animals, like rats and dogs, make their living off
human waste. Lice and fleas spread sickness to the people, and
there's often dysentery in the water. The stench is indescrib-
able, though (presumably) the inhabitants are used to it.

Paradoxically, life in a city-state is still closely tied to the
outlying countryside. Most cities are surrounded by farmland,
which residents work themselves. Only rarely do even the
largest cities have to import food from outside their own contado.
Many of the rich maintain expensive country houses beyond
the walls. Regardless of class, the natural world is never faraway.

City life has its own special dangers. In times of war, arich
or populous city attracts armies like flies to offal, and even the
highest and thickest walls cannot prevent the inevitable
starvation that accompanies a siege. A conquered city can
expect little mercy; only if the city actually surrendered could
the inhabitants expect to escape with their lives or property.
In all other cases, an invading army is free to do with the city

SS

SS

and its inhabitants as it wishes. Usually, this means three days
of raping and looting, the capture of important citizens for
ransom and the murder of most other city-folk. In peacetime,
danger comes from fires (which can gut an entire city), disease,
random violence and robbery.

THe Piazza

A piazza is an open space or square in the city. Most cities
have a large piazza for the whole community, and maybe a few
smaller ones here and there. They are good places to meet
people, hold gatherings, sell wares or just escape the omnipres-
ent claustrophobia of the streets for a time. Sometimes piazze
are the scenes for festivals, assemblies or public tortures and
executions. The piazza is usually swept free of garbage daily.

THE COUNCILHOUSE

Communes love to flaunt their wealth. Many of them build
huge, highly decorated councilhouses. Inside are rooms often
covered in murals for receiving visitors or for deliberating. The
outside is generally as fine and embellished as the city can afford.

THE CATHEDRAL AND OTHER CHURCHES

Cities pride themselves on their cathedral (or duomo),
trying to outdo each other in the size and magnificence of their
main church. The idea of magnificence, however, varies from
place to place. Pisa has an enormous gray and white Ro-
manesque church at its center, while Venice's San Marco is a
dazzling Byzantine mass of domes and colored stones. Never-
theless, Italian churches tend to be more colorful than their


French or German counterparts. Horizontal striping and multi-
colored marble are common in the Romanesque churches;
mosaics are popular in the older Byzantine-style churches.
Most cities have rebuilt their cathedral earlier in the 12th
century, are rebuilding it now, or plan to do so in the near
future. Cathedrals are ongoing projects, not finished master-
pieces, and the work often halts for months or years on end. It
almost never interferes with regular worship.

Still, a duomo, for all its grandeur, is rather impersonal.
While the duomo is the focus of important ceremonies and the
seat of the bishop, the average citizen more often worships in
a smaller, friendlier, local church. These, too, lie scattered
over most of the city, usually one for each neighborhood. Such
humble churches may be harder to find: Unlike the great
basilicas, their fagades are often flush with nearby houses.

THE COMING OF
THE MENDICANT ORDERS

The mid-13th century also sees the raising of the
first Dominican,and Franciscamp@hyrches. Each men-
dicant order builds hug buildings. As befits
the mendicant ofd z shurches have only
amodicum of decéfation,
ing schemeffaind they t of
stone. Because ofthe rivalry between the Dominicans
and Franciscang, their churchesiténd to be on opposite

as not to infringe on the

The Dominic:

Dark Medieval cit r. Both orders were
decades of the 13th

century and rapidly

Franciscans (wearing bi

types, primarily inter

charity. Dominicans. black and white) are

more militant, sent t@ combat the heresies filtering

into Italy from France: Dhere's even a pun in Latin

calling them the es — Hounds of God.

Members of both ordéts ate ‘ealled friars.

While the Franciscans anid Dominicans will not be
part of achronicle takif ih 1197, aStoryteller who
wishes to run a game set at Tater time or who wants her
chronicle to cover seys ads should alter the de-
scriptions of an Italians mewhat. For one thing,
there will be Franciscans and Dominicans in the streets of
most towns after 1230 or$6. Many of them actually live
and beg there — other ecially later on, attend to

i S ds Z chapterhousesand the like, Furthermore, the Franciscans
| : 3 and Dominicans build churches — big ones — which

permanently alter the character of the commune.

THREE PILLARS


THE BAPTISTERY

Closely connected with a commune's cathedral is its
baptistery. Usually roundish buildings, baptisteries contain
fonts of water that are used to baptize children. Naturally, each
Christian need be baptized only once — but so will each of
their siblings, cousins, children and neighbor's children. For
this reason, and especially because of the importance attached
to being a godparent, the baptistery is an important part of
everyday life. Godparents have easier entry into the house-
hold — they become, as it were, surrogate family. Even
families of different status can become joined this way. Cities
often lavish money on their baptisteries: Florence's and Pisa's
are particularly grand.

Hou ES BNP Parazzi (or WHAT'S
lOUSE?)

ay quality and comfort of the housing to be found in the
communes varies greatly depending on what a person can
afford. The rich live in enormous three-story brick palaces
with adjoining towers. The poor live in tiny wooden hovels.
Furthermore, in housing of all types, furniture is fairly sparse,
and the standard of living is crude — welcome to the Dark
Medieval world!

In the countryside, the poor live in tiny cottages (much
as peasants do everywhere). Most of these cottages are of cob,
though more affluent peasants can afford wood, brick or even
stone. If the cottage has one room, then food, animals, beds
and firepitare all packed in together. If, however, there are two
rooms, the first is inevitably a common room (or sala), while
the second is almost always a bedroom (or camera). Third
rooms are less common; sometimes they become storerooms,
orsecond bedrooms, or kitchens. Furniture for the poor usually
means a bed, a few cooking or farming tools, plus possibly a
chest or a chair and table.

In the city, the poor tend to cluster together in the "bad"
part of town. Many dwellings are practically huts: very small
and made of wood or even cruder material. These buildings are
much like their counterparts in the country — only smaller
and more expensive to rent. Also, the tight streets mean less
room to dispose of one's garbage; so disease is even more
prevalent than in the countryside.

Another form of housing is the apartment building.
These tend to be large wooden structures, subdivided into
smaller rooms. Usually a family can afford only one or two of
these chambers, which may not even be on the same floor.
Even more than in the countryside, one finds ridiculous
numbers of people crammed into inadequate space — but
usually for a span of only afew months. Then the lease expires,
and the family moves on to some other building, replaced by
someone else equally unfortunate.

A well-to-do guildsman may rent either a well-lighted
suite or floor of rooms along the front of a building, or lease
an entire small house. Such persons usually maintain mul-
tiple bedrooms, a kitchen, a common room, and perhaps a

workshop, storeroom or study. Their furniture typically in-
cludes tables, chairs and various tools. Chests (rather than
closets) are the main means of storage and usually remain
close to their owner's bed, both for easy access and to keep
anyone from stealing her things during the night.

The houses of the rich are called palazzi. These buildings
are almost always of brick or stone and are large enough to
consume an entire block. They tend to be crenelated, gated or
otherwise defensible, and often have attached towers.

It is sometimes difficult to determine exactly what class
of people are housed in the building you're looking at or
who's living there. Some cities require that buildings meét
certain criteria — or even conform to a standard appearance.
("You must build out of brick, have no overhangs greater
than three feet in width, and always have rounded-glass
windows with two columns!") Even when buildings are left
entirely unregulated, the pressures of city life and overcrowd-
ing force buildings to take on the same square appearance.
Even the richest houses often have shops along the ground
floor. Furthermore, the same building can house people of all
stations. The front of the building gets the most light; if
rented, these choice rooms fetch higher prices. Interior
courtyards, however, are often dark (or smoky, if the court-
yard doubles as a kitchen) — poorer rooms are located here.
Thus, both peasants and guildsmen may share a building and
barely notice each other.

PERSONAI, TOWERS

The skyline of any city or village bristles with chunky
towers. These square, chimney-like buildings are not public
defenses, but privately built fortifications. They tend to be
quite tall, several stories higher than the highest house.
Certainly, most families try to build towers higher than
those of their rivals. Most towers are rectangular-shaped,
and made of sturdy brick, capped with battlements or
overhangs, and rise over the skyline like artificial moun-
tains. They often have little holes in their sides, left over
from construction, when wooden scaffolding was supported
in the masonry. Such towers can often only be entered by
asecond-story doorway. In times of urban war or blood feud,
defenders can drop objects or fire arrows on their enemies.
Also, if rival towers are side by side, combatants may try to
build bridges and cross over. The urban tower is a discom-
forting reminder of the dominance of the strong over the
weak. They are symbols of family wealth and power — the
city-states, knowing this, sometimes destroy the towers of
renegade families or restrict the height of buildings as a sign
of their own authority.

Tue Crry sy NicuT

The city-state presents a stark face to the night.

Nocturnal wanderers meet few people abroad in the
streets. Most folk rise early in the morning and go to bed as
early as the sun sets, so as to take maximum advantage of the

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


daylight. Even night-owls do not venture out of houses
easily, for the communes enforce strict curfews after dark.
Thus, guardsmen are the only pedestrians one is likely to
encounter, although the diligent searcher may also find an
occasional crowd gathered to gamble by the light of a candle.
The darkness, too, may present an obstacle, as there are few
streetlamps, and moonlight often cannot reach the high
narrow streets.

Buildings of all sorts are closed at night. Even church
doors are commonly closed and barred. Scrabbling at the
sealed, leaden windows will only wake the priest inside or
in the outbuildings. Houses most certainly will not be
open: Locks are rare, but bars are common. Doors and
windows cannot be picked silently — only forced open
brutally.

The only saving grace is that people pay so little attention
to screams...

THE ITALIAN
CHINITES

The urban centers of Italy hold a special attraction for
Cainites. The city-states — strong, populous, autonomous
— hearken back to the first cities Cainites ever knew. The
First and Second Cities resonate in the mythology of all
Cainites, and the cities of the Roman Empire still loom tall
in the tales (and even the memories) of vampires. When
Cainites, especially those who have known nothing but
country living, first see the Italian cities, they often (and
quite irrationally) feel that they have come home.

The Italian communes are in truth hardly vampiric
paradises. The cities' rapid rise to power has attracted more
Cainites than the mundane population can support. Ha-
vens and hunting grounds are hard to find. Old quarrels
threaten to tear Cainite society asunder, and even the
wiliest of elders find themselves lost in the face of rapidly
changing mortal society.

CONSIGLIERI

The office of consigliere i is unique to the Cainite

culture of Italy and Sicily Ma

ici fahy.cities and contados do
not have actual Nii in¢és per se. Rather, the
governing Cai ies often appoinred by the prince of
a more powel as a reward lpr faifhful service, as
a near-feudal/endowment or j a way to get a
troublesome parnpire out of thelwayley
Cainit& in these positions of"sub-princedom"
are known. m"

aR eottplri, and) shey-often rule their

smaller establi§ nts with e policies as the
princes who put reheat A&féer all, that which has
been granted may y just as easily be taken away...

THREE PILLARS

TERRITORY

Vampiric unlife is spread unevenly throughout the contado,
engaged in a vicious fight to survive in the face of its own
overpopulation.

The city itself is both prime hunting ground, and the seat
of political power throughout the contado. The commune is the
seat of the prince, the source of her power, and she often
populates it with childer and ghouls. Yet, it is also the home of
other elders, perhaps collectively more potent than the prince,
even if their power is often wasted in feuding amongst them-
selves. They, too, have their flunkies and childer. Finally, there
are the wretched hangers-on, the childer of childer, or Cainites
who have wandered in from the countryside. A typical Italian
city cannot support them all. Therefore, the lion's share of
territory and food go to those in power: the prince, the elders and
their cronies. Princes (supported by the elders) typically try to
keep the number of other Cainites low — through proclama-
tion, purge or exile. Most cities have a population of "floating"
Cainites, constantly on the edge of starvation and always in fear
of acrackdown by the prince. The exception to this rule is often
the Nosferatu. They have their own ways of punishing clan
members who create neonates — and they keep the dark alleys
clear of interlopers. Princes usually leave them alone (and,
indeed, are often incapable of challenging them underground).

Necessity forces most Italian Cainites to reside in other
locales. Most contados boast smaller towns of varying sizes,
each subject to the main commune. Sometimes these towns
have their own princes, sometimes not. Regardless, the hege-
mony of power works in much the same manner as in the main
city: Powerful Cainites have free run. Others must hide and
make do. The many farming villages and suburbs of the
countryside also offer sustenance. The truly desperate can try
living in the wilderness and drinking the blood of beasts.

THE Guout FAMILIES

The all-encompassing Italian family extends into unlife.
Many powerful Cainites maintain close contact with a mortal
family, acting as its patron or even as its paterfamilias. Such
Cainites often select members of the family to reward with
their blood. A gift of vitae at precise moments can cure ailing
allies of diseases or wounds, prolong the life ofa favored servant
or give street soldiers an advantage in combat.

Italian Cainites often Embrace from within the family.
This can result in some problems, especially if the neonate was
well-known in life, but it also has its own advantages. The new
childe usually finds the transition to unlife exceptionally easy,
as devotion to sire and clan is an extension to family loyalty,
requiring no conflict of interest. The childe has simply moved
on to serving his family in a new role. The greatest problems
with childer — confusion and divided loyalties — are, thus,
already solved. And although these childer tend to have a
rather parochial view, they too will come to see subsequent
generations of their family as tools rather than associates.


The existence of ghoul families is a misunderstood "open
secret" in most cities. Every humble artisan may know, for
instance, that the patriarch of the Induco family has lived for far
too long, that the weavers on the corner have the evil eye, that
Pietro the monk never seems to get sick, or even that although
Andreas is supposed to be dead, one sometimes sees his "ghost"
walking the streets at night. What mortals cannot do is distin-
guish the ultimate source of these gifts — or tell fact from rumor.
Often, people will think a person has "magic blood" when, in
fact, she is simply naturally long-lived, eccentric or perceptive.

Such tight relationships between Cainites, ghouls, and
mortal families, common in Dark Medieval Europe, survive in a
fewscattered linessuchas the Giovanni, Grimaldisand Szantovich.

More information on the ghouls, families and ghoul
families may be found in Clanbook: Cappadocian, Libellus
Sanguinis I: Masters of the State and Ghouls: Fatal Addic-
tion. More information may also be found in the following
book, the title of which does not bear a colon: the Storytellers
Handbook to the Sabbat. We just like colons.

THE URBAN HAVEN

It is difficult to find a good haven in the city. Mortal
tenements are poor places to hide: Rooms are small, walls are
flimsy, people love to gossip and the neighbors are in an
excellent position to watch people come and go. The streets
are narrow and usually crowded. Even the slightest peculiarity

in a pale stranger will likely be noticed immediately. In the
countryside, Cainites can usually find caves, abandoned build-
ings, or isolated cottages, but a city has no wasted space. Still,
the concentration of blood makes a city irresistible, and
Cainites adopt a number of different strategies for hiding
themselves in the cramped urban environment.

Rich Cainites can always take the easy way out by build-
ing themselves suitable havens from scratch. The average
palazzo is luxurious enough to suit any vampire; one of its
myriad of rooms can easily be bricked off, forming a completely
lightless chamber. Other Cainites prefer to put their bed in the
cellar, where it is less likely to be affected by fire or sunlight. For
those who cannot afford an entire house, a suite of large
contiguous rooms is often the wisest course, although, since
there are always neighbors, the risk of discovery is greater. Any
house of substantial size needs to have a visible resident who
carries out normal daytime activities. Therefore, rich vampires
often allow a favorite ghoul (or family of ghouls) to assume
nominal ownership of the house and to keep their own Cainite
presence as secret as possible. Cainites wealthy enough to

pursue such lifestyles are likely to be old and paranoid — yet,
able to maintain one or more emergency havens.

Poorer Cainites have fewer options. They can rent or own
one of the numerous thin-walled shanties that huddle in the
poorer areas of town, but since these usually have only two
rooms, both of which probably have windows, they may be

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


unsuitable. Furthermore, it is easy to count the number of

So a
Tesidents going in or out such a dwelling, or to overhear the

voices inside. If these do not tally, neighbors may catch on.
Suspicions and jealousy may also be aroused if only a single
renter moves in, as these buildings typically house entire
families. Cainites can also risk living in a tenement building,
though this foolhardiness is bordering on suicidal, even with
the aid of Dominate, Obfuscate and an entire family of
retainers. The truly destitute must live on the streets, hiding
themselves in a different place each night: in garbage, in
warehouses, under construction materials or in the earth itself.

Sometimes the countryside or an outlying village is a safer
choice. The wilder parts of the contado offer all the usual hiding
places — and they might even be safe from the Lupines.
Villages have greater space between buildings and uninhab-
ited sheds and outbuildings. Even the city walls might have
their refuse-pits, hollows in the masonry and underground
culverts. Affluent Cainites might find rural villas attractive
havens. All of these options have the same disadvantage —
the hungry vampire must find some way to enter the city each
night or accept slim pickings in the country.

Finally, the city may offer Nosferatu and other under-
dwellers a variety of labyrinths to choose from. Many communes
build networks of fountains and aqueducts to supply their city
with fresh water. (Siena, in particular, is rumored to be as
miraculous underground as above ground.) Unbeknownst to
mortals, these systems also often sport dry chambers, raised
platforms and other makeshift refuges (thanks largely to the
Nosferatu who quickly Dominate masons sent to modify the
ducts). Surface fountains, especially large and elaborate ones
such as Siena's Fontebrandi, act as gateways into and out of the
system, and the aqueducts provide conduits to the remote
wilderness. Unexplained deaths and disappearances often take
place near the fountains at night at the claws of canny vampires.

CAINITES AND PoulTics

Cainite influence permeates all of communal society.
Exactly where Cainites ply their Disciplines and influence
depends on personality and opportunity as much as anything
else. If one has the money and connections, any class has its
own merits as a sphere of influence. The Cainite who controls
the city's weaver may not have much prestige and live in some
pretty awful places, but she could bring the city's lucrative
cloth industry to a grinding halt if she so chose.

The appeal of wealthy noble and non-noble magnates is
obvious. They control much of a city-state's property and
commerce and are the driving force in politics. A Cainite who
hides among them receives the best of all worlds, or so it seems:
ready control over the mortal world, abundant material pos-
sessions, and a luxurious unlife. However, so desirable is this
position that weak Cainites often find themselves unable to
maintain it. There are only so many noble families to go
around — and if both an elder and a neonate wish to control
one, the elder surely wins out.


A group of artisans does not have the prestige of noble
family, but it offers its own subtle rewards to the Cainite who
takes the time to assume control of it. A single industry may
make up the mainstay of a commune's trade. Cainites who
have leverage over industry production always have a ready
supply of money and political capital. The money comes
from Dominated or ghoul servants; the political power arises
from threatening to use the industry against some other
Cainite. Even a small but essential group, potters for in-
stance, can be worth controlling. The prince might never
come begging for a favor — but every once ina while, there
will be some money skimmed from ceramic sales, and maybe,
just maybe, some elder may wish to use certain contacts ina
scheme. That's when they bargain.

The clergy of Italy presents the same rewards and
dangers as that of everywhere else. In times gone by, the
bishop of a city acted as its primary negotiator and power
figure. Subordinate towns would swear allegiance to him,
and embassies would meet with him. No longer. The
Bishop might still have a ceremonial place beside the
consuls in some towns, but by 1197, all real secular power
has transferred to the council and its representatives. The
clergy are important only for the property they own and the
spiritual authority of their office, not for any special place
they might occupy in the Italian scheme of things. Cainites
who wish to control the clergy may gain the predictable
rewards — influence over excommunication decisions,
sensitive information from the confessional, access to the
wealth of the Church — but the Cainites must beware the
predicable dangers as well — notably True Faith.

Commoner Cainites may seriously consider living
among (and manipulating) the lowest class. The masses of
urban poor have easily inflamed resentments that are not
adequately addressed by even the nascent popolo. The poor
live at the sufferance of the rich, their wages are miserable
and they often have no voice in politics. Since they work
for hire rather than as peasants, they cannot even count on
the traditional protection of a feudal lord. A supernatural
ally can offer them hope and can use his influence to
control the political mood of the lowest class. Even noble
Cainites fear riots; they treat handsomely the soothsayer
who can prevent one — or placate the firebrand who
threatens to unleash urban violence.

With communal power concentrated into the consuls,
podesta and councils, Cainites have found many ways to
influence these institutions. The main goal of princes, at
the moment, is to further expand the borders of their
contados, giving them wider spheres of influence. Elders
participate in this aim to a lesser extent, but they may be
more interested in passing legislation that favors their own
mortal agents and industries. The extent to which either
goal is met depends on the strength of opposition (both
Cainite and mortal) and whether the Cainites of the city
are working in unison or at cross-purposes.

PRINCEDOM AND THE
CONTADO

The rapid growth of their cities has taken the Italian
princes by surprise. Where before, a typical prince ruled asmall
area in and around her own city, she may now control wide
sweeps of land, often including other, smaller cities — some
with their own princes. While weak and ineffectual princes
have found it impossible to extend their own authority into a
newly conquered contado, most have used their control over
the commune's mortal military more ruthlessly.

In effect, the prince of a strong city-state controls
unlife throughout the contado — either directly or by proxy.
Where the smaller towns of the contado once possessed local
princes of their own, now those princes are politically
subservient to a center many miles away, and the fate of
local princes and the elders of their town depends entirely
on the temperament of the conqueror. If the smaller town
had been taken by force, the victorious prince may encour-
age his contacts in the army to set fire to enemy havens.
Most princes, even if they do not burn the town, at least
engage in the opportunity for a selective purge. Conquered
princes, especially if they were once powerful rivals or hated
foes, fear the latter especially.

In any case, night-to-night unlife continues, and most
princes have found the lesser towns too remote to rule over
directly. Usually they choose a consigliere to administrate in
their stead. In most cases, the conquering prince finds it
expedient to appoint some favored Cainite to the princedom
or administration of the conquered town. Princes use this
opportunity to promote allies, exile rivals and reward childer.
If they feel particularly angry, they can even put a ghoul or
mortal in charge of the town's unlife. Sometimes, however,
the conquering prince permits the old prince to continue to
rule as a lieutenant, and weak princes have been known to
surrender their towns to stronger foes — if only they are
allowed to survive into the new regime and keep a vestige of
their former authority.

Reactions to this new political map vary from Cainite to
Cainite. The princes of major cities are usually ecstatic.
Some, however, are beginning to turn complacent. Is not the
current situation their due as great and mighty Cainites? The
elders of the great cities, likewise swept up in their com-
munes' rise, may also be darkly pleased at the new scope of
their influence. Cainites of the countryside and of the lesser
towns tend to be less thrilled as they scramble to maintain
their authority. Others ingratiate themselves with the new
powers-that-be. Elders of conquered contados, denied the
status they feel is their due, resent the upstarts and quislings
—to the point of violence when they feel they can get away
with it. Finally, the bulk of young Cainites, denied participa-
tion in politics, run the gamut from apathy to patriotic
outrage to amusement at the foibles of their elders.

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


THe Massacre AT ORVIETO

When Cainite princes contemplate the possible
fates that might befallgtheir cities, the example of
Orvieto stands foremésttintheir thoughts.

Pitnce Marco, under wi ~ ytha heresy flourished
tuled thecity:by night. But asthe

me

Gee e
ipted to secure Acqi

under intetdict. Orvieto'
control of Orvieto and forcing irgCat 3
The following year, Orvieto» fenders to Rome and
accepted a papal rect

Herein, the téouble for Orvieto's Cidhices began.
Since Orvieto was now subject tq Rome, Ri
Constantius claimed jurisdiction over Orv

tat a time. The Pope
indente by placing Orvieto

army of. Assammites i into Orvieto and instructed them to
destroy any ichilder 6f Caing they encountered. The
slaughter lasted for months, and most of Orvieto's
ancillae and neonates perished before fire, stake and
sunlight. Prince Marco died on the very steps of the
cathedral. The remaining Orvietan elders fled.
Constantitismoved quickly to establish anew Cainite
order Owieto, He: ifistalled the surviving Roman

3 ih, ait final insult,

COAMARtiUS"Appointed Gaits ‘Orsini, Waeliedeknown
Roman Nosferatu, to be consigliere of Orvieto.

Not surprisingly, Constantius has had little further

trouble obtainingsurrendersfrom towns in Roman territory.

THE Conciiatory MovEMENT

There are a few scattered Cainites who look at the prince and
elders and see a council and podestd, The dissidents, usually
Embraced within the last 50 years (althougha few are older) believe
that the mortal commune is a better form of government than
anachronistic princedom. They seek to replace the current infor-
mal council of elders with a duly elected council. The most radical
amongthem wanttosee the prince replaced witha vampiric podesta
with administrative powers only. Young Cainites, Embraced under
representative government, find the idea quite natural. Needlessto
say, most princes do not favor it — and punish those merely
mentioning the idea with exile or Final Death.

THREE PILLARS

<THE DisTRIBUTION OF CLANS

Notall clans are equally represented in Italy. Some, such
as the Lasombra or Toreador, are native to the peninsula,
while others, like the Tzimisce, are exotic and rarely seen.

AssAMITES

The Assamites have few permanent residents in Italy.
Their spheres of influence and their deadliest enemies lie
elsewhere. Assamites often use Italian traders as a way of
"shipping" themselves into Europe. The maritime Italian
city-states of Venice, Pisa and Genoa find trading preferable
to fighting, and they try to maintain friendly contacts with
Muslim countries. Although they have participated in the
Crusades and acted as staging areas, their zeal is secondary to
profitability. From these cities, an Assamite can proceed to
her chosen target, or begin opportunistic wanderings. Only
the most foolish Assamites attack inside their port of entry —
lest the Italians begin checking all oblong containers for
hidden occupants.

Brujau

The political chaos and innovation of Italian city-states
attracts droves of Brujah — much to the chagrin of the
Lasombra, who are used to having Italy to themselves. Brujah
political motives vary. Some Brujah support the new com-
munes, seeking to make the new governments stable and
prosperous. They tend to work hand-in-glove with the native
Cainites. Other Brujah feel that while city-states are a great
improvement over the feudal system, that the communes are
not yet sufficiently egalitarian; they push constantly for a
perfect constitution. Promethians of the most demented
stripe, such Brujah can be found behind urban rioting and the
emergent popolo. One particularly obnoxious Brujah, named
Stilicho, wanders the communes in search of the perfect New
Carthage —stirring up unrest among the peasantry wherever
he travels. Finally, there are those Brujah who feel that the
communes sap strength from the Holy Roman Empire, and
that the emperor — they insist — is the one ruler who can
bring about a better order. This imperialist faction is radically
unpopular among the Italian princes. No prince, even one
who rules a Ghibelline city, desires to forfeit his city's
independence.

CAPPHDOCIANS

The Graverobbers are not quite so common in Italy as
elsewhere. Still, they may be found here, searching for the
secrets of Roman antiquity, advising princes or experiment-
ing in the shadows. They are rife in the lower levels of the
Church and also maintain a presence in most coastal cities,
where they can maintain contact with brethren in Africaand
the Levant. There isa substantial population of Cappadocians
in Venice, watching over their new experiment, the necro-
mantic Giovanni, and Cappadocius himself is rumored to
surface sporadically in Rome.


GANGREL

Italy is a highly deforested land with a large popula-
tion. Italian Gangrel are fewer here than in wilder lands,
and those who exist are more cautious, having to share the
remaining untamed tracts with Lupines and fae. In the
height of the Alps, however, rumors persist of ancient
Gangrel with mysterious powers — the remnants of the
undead who accompanied Hannibal's invasion. (A well-
traveled Ravnos swears she saw a great, gray "monster"
once by moonlight, and she speculates that this might be a
Carthaginian Gangrel.)

LASOMBRA

Italy is part of the Lasombra heartland. The Lasombra
control most of the political power on the peninsula.
Eight of every 10 Italian princes is a Lasombra, as are 4 out
of every 10 elder vampires. Most major mortal industries
and factions in a Lasombra-held contado have Magisters
behind them.

This is not to say that other clans do not matter —
they do — only that the Lasombra dominate the leader-
ship and politics of the region. The Lasombra of Italy have
for centuries been associated with local mortal families,
and family traits can be traced in the faces and lineages of
generations of Cainites. Italian Lasombra are thus "na
tive" to Italy to an extent that few other clans can claim.

MALKAVIANS

Malkavians are spread evenly but sparsely throughout the
peninsula. Their madness and disunity, however, keeps them
from all but isolated positions of power and influence. The
madmen, instrumental in Rome's destruction of Carthage,
seem to have either lost interest in the region or moved on to
more verdant pastures.

NosFERATU

Italy is riddled with catacombs, sewers and ruins undreamed
of elsewhere in Europe. Nosferatu have larger broods in Italian
cities than they do elsewhere. For the most part, however, they are
a nonentity in politics. Unlike other Cainites, the cliquish
Nosferatu use social pressures to limit the siring of childer— their
population thus remains supportable and hidden. Princes thus
leave them alone—until they want information, or until they feel
the brood is taking more than its fairshare of blood. The Nosferatu
of Rome are particularly numerous, which is one reason why the
Prince of Rome appointed one consigliere of Orvieto.

RAVNos

The Ravnos wander through Italy from time to time.
Cities on major trade-routes, particularly east-west roads, are
more likely to receive an unwelcome guest than other cities.
Princes either grit their teeth and put up with them or subtly
redirect them to their least favorite neighboring city.

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


SETITES

The Followers of Set have infiltrated Italian communes,
and go about their despicable business, either openly or
masquerading as members of other clans. Their goals and
methods do not differ greatly from those they employ in the
rest of Europe — although Setites have proved themselves to
be disturbingly adept at corrupting the democratic process.
They are particularly fond of the seaports, where they can

come and go easily.

ToREADOR

Toreador are not particularly common nor uncommon in
Italy, which boasts some magnificent buildings — the Cathe-
dral of Pisa, the Baptistery of Florence, the Basilica San Marco
in Venice, plus numerous other, less famous buildings —
which reflect, in part, the enthusiasm of Toreador "patrons."
The Toreador are well-known for their extensive control over
the upper echelon of the Church, though they find unlife
among Italian Lasombra and Ventrue a bit stifling. Thus, they
prefer to exercise their Church ties over a distance.

TREMERE

The Tremere are drawn to the ruins of Roman antiquity
— birthplace of the Hermetic arts. Here, perhaps, they seek
some information to aid them in their war against the Tzimisce
— or perhaps they merely seek lands they knew in mortal life.
In any case, the Tremere are new arrivals in Italy; hardly any
city or contado can boast more than one small chantry.

THREE PILLARS

]
Ee 7

Sa

—

| i

TZIMISCE

Tzimisce are currently rare throughout Italy. However, as
more and more young Tzimisce flee the conflict in the East,
their road of exile leads directly through Italy. Many princes
are already bracing for even greater numbers of immigrants.

‘VENTRUE

The Ventrue have a foothold in Italy. Six-hundred years
ago Ventrue followed the Lombards into northern Italy, and
they have been there ever since. Even the Frankish invasion
of the Lombards in the eighth century did not crush them; it
just brought in more Ventrue. More recently, the Norman
conquest of Sicily has brought in asecond Diaspora of Ventrue.
Some of these have begun moving north. Over the years,
however, the number of Italian Ventrue princes has slowly
eroded under the onslaught of "native" Lasombra, but the
Ventrue still hold a few Lombard cities, and they still exist in
small numbers elsewhere. Of the non-Lombard cities, only
Rome boasts a significant Ventrue enclave — Frankish Caini
who arrived with Charlemagne.

OTHER SUPERNATURALS

Cainites, urban creatures, are the pre-eminent supernatu-
ral power in the city-states. Other mystical beings are present,
however, in smaller numbers.

The contadi of most city-states still sport small tracts of
wild land. Here the Lupines can still be found, as can the
numerous varieties of true fae. As one of the oldest centers of


human population in Europe, however, Italy has already
suffered major deforestation, a process that is still continuing.
The wild creatures are thus not the threat to Cainite unlife as
they are elsewhere in Europe — except when some heedless
vampire wanders into that little wilderness that still survives.

The activities of the magicians are mostly invisible to the
Cainites. Italy is a magic — and magickal — land of great
antiquity, boasting a variety of hedge and True Mages. Italy,
the ancient heartland of the Western Roman Empire, holds
special appeal for magi. The outlines of Hermetic magical
systems took shape here, and many of the finest Roman
magicians lived and died here. The Sons of Cronos linger in
Italy, lamenting that the debauchery of the empire has passed
away, and they console themselves with the luxury goods that
are available in the great trading towns like Venice, Genoa
and Pisa. They will resurface as the Cult of Ecstasy one day, but
for now, they area small and obscure tradition. Those who will
one day be known as Verbena, descended from pagan Roman
cults of Isis or the Magna Mater, linger here, along with static
"witches" of the same traditions. The Italian city-states are a
natural breeding ground for those mages who will one day
form the Technocracy. The Renaissance is only a century
and a half in the future; the craftmasons and others are
already in Italy, laying its foundations. Who knows what
ancient secrets, potent nodes and hidden chantries yet exist
among the scattered imperial ruins, or those that are fitfully
concealed behind the facades of palazzi? Who knows how
many of the potion-sellers, spell-workers or witches are, in
fact, more than mere charlatans?

Even less visible than magi are the ghosts. Almost all
cities have their own necropoli on the far side of the Shroud,
bustling with the dead. Some few Cainites, notably the
Cappadocians and their Venetian offshoots, have made in-
roads toward contacting their silent fellow city dwellers. To
the majority of Cainites, however, the Restless Dead remain
but whispers and rumors.

Story IDEAS
* THE PATERFAMILIAS

A ghoul or other servant of one of the characters faces a
dilemma: a command from his paterfamilias that he cannot
obey and still continue to serve his vampiric master. Perhaps
his mortal grandfather wishes him to marry, or there is a
business he must manage or a journey he must undertake. No
amount of pleading changes the grandfather's mind. Legally,
he can be censured or even imprisoned if he refuses. Does his
Cainite master try to Dominate the paterfamilias? Kill the
turbulent grandfather? Or is the ghoul's tie of mortal blood
stronger than any Blood Oath?

* THE Notary

A notary makes an amazing discovery; while checking
some records inherited from his father, he finds a record of
a purchase made in 1127 by one Gislebertus Barbatus.

Trouble is, the year is now 1197, and Gislebertus is a
vigorous man in his thirties. What does the notary do? Who
does he tell? What trouble can he make for the Cainite who
is Gislebertus Barbatus?

+ TAKING THE COUNCIL BY STORM?

The characters' city is engulfed in extensive rioting.
(Most cities suffer unrest at one time or another.) The noble
families are at war, conducting campaigns and forays from
their towers. The Cainites of the city cower by night, fearing
that the wild mobs will burn the city. Are any Cainites
responsible for the riots? Are rioters targeting Cainite homes?
Which elders stand to gain or lose from the warfare?

* AFTERMATH

The rioting is now over, and the losing families have been
exiled by the commune. Must any of the character's allies and
ghouls depart the city (perhaps forever)? If the change in
power has swept new faces into the council, which Cainites
have benefited? Are any of the new councilors already pawns
of an elder, or are all the Cainites jockeying for control?

* MEET THE NEIGHBORS

One of the characters has chosen her haven foolishly; the
walls of her dwelling are too thin. The neighbors know that
something not quite human lives next door among those
peasants. What can they do about it, and how does the
character react?

* THE CONTADO'S OTHER RESIDENTS

Some very old Cainites dwell in the countryside. For
centuries, a coterie of Lasombra has dwelt in a petty
noble's castle. Now the noble has been humbled into
submission by the contado. Though the noble has moved
into the city, her Lasombra keepers have not. Can the
prince of the city subdue them? In their stone fortress on
ancestral land, the Lasombra could hold out for years or
months. On the other hand, they seem willing to enter-
tain the prince's envoys, though they are loath to accept
his authority. The characters must travel into the coun-
tryside and negotiate a settlement. But what do the
Lasombra want in exchange for their support? Can the
characters deliver? And just what is the Lasombras' erst-
while ally, the noblewoman, up to in the city...?

: REFUGEES FROM A MASSACRE

The Damned are filtering into Venice. Rumors speak of
ancient Cainite faces glimpsed by moonlight or in the marshes.
Elder vampires know these faces — they belong to refugees
from Orvieto, recently the target of a takeover by the Cainites
of Rome. Now the Roman Cainites have sent an envoy into
the city; they want the refugees slain. The city's elders line up
for and against executions. How will the characters be drawn
into the conflict? Can the renegades be caught? And as the
youngest vampires in the city, what unsavory risks must the
characters assume in the upcoming Lextalionis?

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


Part THREE
THE CITIES

No Italian city is a model commune. They each have
their own personalities and culture — in short, their own
character. (They're like people that way.) This section is
here to help you get to know a few of the more important or
interesting cities — what it's like to live in them, what they
look like, what their quirks are, what to watch out for, etc.
Some brief additional information is also included about the
Cainites who live in each city and the most notable features
of their unlives. And since this is a section for Storytellers,
too, we have included information about the future of the
cities and how these events can be dropped into short
adventures or built into chronicles.

TRAVEL AND LANGUAGE

Travelers in Italy, even native Italians, may
have a hard time making themselves understood.

Each city hasits own=Italian dialect, which
everyone who is, born',fKere} will generally under-
stand. The farthetfrem home one goes, the harder it
is to understand peoplé;evenif one stays inside Italy
itself. Go fat<enough, away,.'and dialects may be
mutually unintelligible.

In additions ‘all' edueated people know Latin,
which hagiremained'remarkably homogenous since
the downfall of the empiré. The-educated, however,
make up a-telatively small-elite in Italy, so that it
requires the trayeler.to‘learn the local yernacular as
quickly as possible}

Storytellers thay wishito have their players make
Intelligence + Linguistics rolls (difficulty 6) for their
characters any time the-Cainites might come in
contact with those who do not share their dialect.

Mian

Milan is the most important city in Lombardy. Once it
was the administrative capitol of the Roman Empire, and
its most famous bishop, St. Ambrose, humbled even the
Western Roman Emperor. Now the Western Empire is
dead; Rome has eclipsed the fame of its bishropic, and
Milan itself has shrunk. But if it has diminished in glory, it
still remains impressive by Dark Medieval reckoning. Milan
is said to have 100,000 inhabitants (obviously an exaggera-
tion) employed either in the rich surrounding countryside
or in the trade arriving along the roads to Genoa and
Venice. Its most important structure is the Church of St.
Ambrose, a huge Romanesque building that guards the
bones of the old Roman firebrand.


THE CaINiTEs OF MILAN

Most of Milan's elders date from the Lombard period. Old,
Germanic and somewhat weary, they find it increasingly
difficult to understand the new politics of the city-states. Even
as the city becomes increasingly democratic, the prince and
her cohorts revert ever more to rigid autocracy. The childer
they Embrace do not understand their sires' feudal ways and
chafe at the restrictions they impose. As a result, the ancillae
population forms a flimsy buffer against incoming Lasombra,
as the Magisters have made expansion into Lombardy one of
their chief goals. Young Lasombra are encouraged to wander
north, and even elders occasionally take to the road. The
Ventrue of Lombardy have responded by restricting certain
key hunting grounds to their own clan and waging periodic war
on interlopers. Regardless, the Lasombra population in Milan
and its contado has grown substantially over the last few
centuries, and few predict that trend will abate.

VENICE

As in the arsenal of the Venetians,

all winter long a stew of sticky pitch

boils up to patch their sick and tattered ships
that cannot sail (instead of voyaging,

some build new keels, some tow and tar the ribs
of hulls worn out by too much journeying;
some hammer at the prow, some at the stern,
and some make oars, and some braid ropes and cords;
one mends the jib, another, the mainsail) ;

so not by fire but by the art of God,

below there boiled a thick and tarry mass

that covered all the banks with clamminess.

—Dante, The Infemo, XI, translated by Allen Mandelbaum

Venice lies just off the coast of northeastern Italy. It was
founded in late Roman times as a refuge from invading barbar-
ians; knowing that the barbarians had no ships, the ingenious
Roman citizens built their city on the islands of a lagoon. For
acity built on a swamp, Venice has since done very well. It is
the dominant naval power of the Mediterranean, controlling
both the largest fleet and dominating most of the shipping to
and from Byzantium and the Saracen lands. Most anywhere in
the Crusader States or Byzantium,there are Venetian outposts
— and in most Muslim states as well. (Venice is known more
for its mercantile leanings than its Christian militancy.)
Venice is also the oldest republic by far. Instead of a podesta or
consuls, Venice has possessed a Doge for centuries. (The word
is Venetian dialect for the Italian duce or the Latin dux,
meaning "leader" or "duke.") Each Doge is elected by the
council and serves for life. "Life," however, is usually not very
long, since the council tends to select only very old men, the
better to stave off a hereditary succession of Doges.

In matters of religion, Venice is possibly the most unusual
diocese in Western Christendom. Its patron saint is Mark, one
of the four evangelists. This is a bit odd, as Mark himself
actually died in Alexandria, Egypt. There he rested until 828,

Ie',

4


when a group of Venetian merchants stole his body and
smuggled it back "home," thus fulfilling an old prophecy.
Mark had sailed through the Venetian lagoon on his way to
Egypt. While his boat was anchored, an angel appeared to him
and told him: "Peace to you, Mark, my evangelist. Here your
body will rest." Venetians took this as a sign that Mark was
destined for their city. They built Mark a basilica beside the
ducal palace and quickly wove Mark into their theology,
giving themselves a claim to apostolic authority second only
to Rome in the West.

Physically, Venice's main feature is its most obvious —
it's built on the water. Many of its streets are canals, on which
small boats constantly move about. Gondolas exist, but they
look nothing like those of the 20th century, having a dozen
rowers and rich decoration. Most of the major buildings and
private palazzi have entrances on both the canal and the street.
The canal face is usually the more opulent-looking of the two.
Most buildings at this date are constructed of wood, though
some more permanent stone and brick buildings exist.

Venice's most important church is not its cathedral, but
the ducal Basilica of Saint Mark. The current basilica was not
built until the early 11th century. It is in the Byzantine style
— comprised of rounded interior vaults and colorful mosaics.
For centuries, Constantinople was one of Venice's allies and
a source for many cultural traditions. Now the friendship
between the two is turning sour, and war lies not far in the
future. But the Eastern-style cathedral still broods there, like
a jewel-encrusted monster beside the oce:

Near the basilica is the ducal palace, the seat of Venetian
government and the home of the Doge. Its current incama-
tion is more fortress than palace, using its position beside the
sea as a way to guard the city.

The Rialto is the market area for Venice and is usually
crammed with booths, stalls and customers.

Also of note, the lagoon's many islands are not all equally
settled: Fallow land abounds, with the occasional outbuilding
or ruin thrown in for good measure.

A VENETIAN Curse

In 11,72, the Republic razed the house of the man
who murdered-Doge Vitale Michiel and decreed that
no building‘of brick or stone will ever stand again. (A
prohibition that lasts until 1948.) In its place, a series
of wooden Jyotises act as a muité=testafent to the
murdered/Moge.

But thatisnrthe whole tale: Doge Vitale Michiel
was hardly popular avthetimeofhis death; he had just
returned.fromeastatled war ith) Byzantium and he
brought batk with him a déadlyplague=Perhaps his
wraith +orthat of his nurder —lives yet=OF perhaps
the house itself still stafds as a haunt in thedeadlands,
filled with the wailing of plague victims...

THREE PILLARS


CAINITES IN VENICE

As one of the largest cities in Christendom, Venice has
more than its fair share of Cainites, despite crowded condi-
tions, few havens and negligible countryside. The influence
and wealth of the lagoon draw in the undead as an inexo-
rable lure.

Ruling over this glittering chaos are the Lasombra who
have held Venice in their grip for centuries. Venice is the
oldest city-state and the most traditional. Elders have sired
childer from the same mortal bloodlines for so long that the
leading families and Cainites are now inextricably linked.
Newcomers who wish for power must cultivate a family or
business from scratch; all the existing ones have been taken
for centuries. Complete control over the Doge, however, has
been thwarted by the fact that almost all Doges enter office
over the age of 70. No Cainite can thus control the Doge for
long — any Doge who lives more than a decade or three
would raise mortal suspicions.

Beneath Lasombra rule there are various other Cainites
of note.

Cappadocians are unusually numerous in Venice at this
time, though Venice has always possessed a large Cappadocian
population. This is due in part to the lagoon's proximity to
the East, abetted by the strong ties between Venice's St.
Mark and Coptic faith of Egypt, which he founded. (In Egypt
to this day, Cappadocians frequent Coptic monasteries,
concealing themselves there from Egyptian Setives.) The
current influx of Graverobbers into Venice, however, is due
to the presence of the newly Embraced Giovanni family,
which requires supervision in its stumbling efforts — not to
mention careful guarding. In addition to the Giovanni, their
guards and native Cappadocians, Venice has become some-
thing of a pilgrimage site for curious Cappadocian travelers.
Most are rebuffed by the Giovanni or their shepherds, but
others stay for weeks or months, observing the "experiment."
All in all, the Cappadocian presence has tripled since the
beginning of the 12th century.

The Nosferatu of Venice have a large problem: Hardly
anything in the city can be underground without being
underwater, too. While Cainites cannot drown, most of
them do not enjoy being submerged in the cold, filthy water
of the lagoon for any length of time. Furthermore, rumors
persist of malignant things that live beneath the canals,
surfacing to devour Cainite and mortal alike. So the ugliest
of Caine's progeny must instead take up more normal
residencies in rented houses, abandoned structures and the
like. Venetian Nosferatu usually have, as a consequence,
often alleviated a greater mastery of Obfuscate than their
inland brethren.

Finally, as a hub of commerce, Venice boasts more than
its fair share of "exotic" Cainites. Ravnos, Tremere, Tzimisce,
Assamites and other clans that are rare on the peninsula pass
through Venice regularly.

AL VENETIAN CHRONICLE?
THE FourtH CRUSADE

The opening of the 13th century is a busy, exhilarating
time for Venice. The Fourth Crusade assembles in the city;
Venice's own Doge depattson the'expedition and, in theend,
Constantinople—ostensible ally ofthe West—falls to Latin
swords as the Venétians retum laden,with spoils. Storytellers
who can't use this fact tospawn Some great Cainite intrigue
justaren'tthinking. DoangCaini East with thearmy?
Is foreign blood especfally palatal rer the conquest, do
any young Cainites go East saeo) he new territories?
What mystical artifactsandguchafebrought back to Venice
as spoils— and hat ake theit powers? inally, areany Greek

? Six! e ihe crusade ‘attive at
Venice. Theynedt on behalf of the etusaders for ships
nto the East. The Agreements ratified by
shouting Venetian etowds.The Jeading'erusaders plan to
attack Egypt. The Venetian leaders!who have allucrative
treaty with Egypt, are'secretly displeased, They plan secret
actions of theirown to deflect the crusaders from their goal.
1202: Word spreads among €rusadingoldiers that
the fleet leaving Venice will goto Egypt. Many head East
on their own, aiming for the more holy goal of Jerusalem.
The leaders of the Crusade~suspect the Venetians of
leaking news of their true object, but they are powerless to
stop the desertion. The atmy that eventually arrives at the
lagoon in June is fartoo small to usé or pay forall the ships
contracted. Ddge Dandolo extracts adeal Venice will
allow them the ship§but the‘crusaders must help Venice
retake some Outposts thatitlost;¢o Hunigary-The fleet sets
sail in November withthe Venetian, Doge imtowy) |
1203{For some years how; Cot
ruled by ausurper' <butnowa 9

nofleettoputtdsead Foryearsnow, Vi a hasbeeninitharge
of shipbuilding forthe Eastem Empire. The'e
Constantinople éasily,-andAlegis and his' father (also
Alexis) are crowned = — hut they:hraye ho mioriey. Tensions
mount, as both Greeks and Franks get angtier at each other.

1204: The Greeksjdlisgusted-with/the crusaders, de-
pose the Alexises. The Latins resporid by attacking in force.
The city falls, wallowing in blood forthree days. Then the
crusaders take everything Valuable and divyy it up. Venice
comes out very well and gets a huge chunk of the Eastern
Empire. Wealth, art and teli¢s flow back to Venice.

1205: Dandolo dieS»and is ‘buried in St. Sophia.
The Latin Empire begins in the East.

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


GENOA & Pisa

Genoa lies in Liguria, a rocky, not particularly fertile area
of Italy. Consequently, most of its energy flows into commerce
instead of farming. Even its nobles find the surrounding
mountain passes not (much) worth fighting over and take to
the sea to find Muslim enemies. The Genoese have a reputa-
tion for being more mercenary than they are devout.

Pisa lies farther south along the coast, at the mouth of the
river Arno. Its main religious buildings stand together in an open
plaza, the half-completed Islamic-influenced baptistery andduomo.
Both are striking buildings made of zebra-striped gray marble and
show the nested tiers of pillars unique to the Pisan style. The
cathedral was commissioned after a 11th-century naval victory
over the Muslims, the chief enemy of both cities.

Genoa and Pisa are natural rivals, both situated on the eastern
side of the Italian peninsula and competing for the sea traffic there.
Intimes to come, the rivalry becomes ever more pronounced. (They
would probably even hate being described here together.) Politics in
the twocitiesare already based primarily upon mutual hatred. Things
only grow worse as the two cities continue to expand.

THE CAINITES OF GENOA AND PISA

The Cainites of Genoa and Pisa both share relatively
similar goals: expand their city's control over the surrounding
region, dominate Mediterranean trade and make handsome
livings off the sea trade. They share such goals with their
mortal herds, but, as Cainites, they have centuries to refine
their methods, nurse hatreds and broker alliances.

Genoa is dominated by a closed circle of Cainites. A few
elders control the city and most of the noble estates. They tolerate
only a handful of ghouls and childer to dwell among them. The
prince and elders cooperate with surprising zeal in opposing
newcomers, migrants, and travelers who overstay their welcome.
Even childer are sometimes asked (politely, if forcefully) to leave;
most of them are discreetly delivered to foreign ports. There, the
expatriates prepare the way for Genoese exports and colonies.
Should they do well, they may even be allowed to return home.

Pisa, with its larger contado, has a more diverse body of
Cainites active in politics. It also has more fractious and violent
feuding. The trouble in Florence (see below) hasspilled downriver,
with the elders of Pisa evenly split over which Florentine prince
(if any!) to acknowledge. An unscrupulous elder has even been
accused of shipping Assamites onshore and sending them north
toward the conflict. If this is true, he or she has never been caught.

FLORENCE

Newcomers to the city and quick gains

have brought excess and arrogance to you,

o Florence, and you weep for it already.

—Dante, The Infemo XVI, translated by Allen Mandelbaum

Florence lies in the heart of Tuscany and is already the largest
and most important city of the province. Located well inland
among the hill-country, Florence nevertheless commands a stra-
tegic position along the river Arno and the trade routes.

THREE PILLARS

Florentine architecture of the sort used in churches and other
publicbuildingshasapeculiargeometriccharacter, andthe Florentine
baptistery is justly famous. Octagonal in shape, with a Byzantine
mosaic of Christ adorning its interior dome, its foundations may
well date back to the Roman period — or so people say. Surround-
ing it is a wide piazza, and not too far away stands the duomo.

The green gothic cathedral on which Brunelleschi will one
day build his famous dome does not yet exist. In its place stands
amuch humblerstructure, of the same characteras the baptistery.

San Miniato al Monte is an excellent example of the
current style. A basilica-plan church, with a flat marble fagade
covered in geometric patterns and a line of three doors, it has
an almost Classical appearance. Stark, restrained, mathemati-
cal — the Florentine style provides quite a contrast from the
flamboyance of Sienese or Pisan architecture.

Most of the buildings, however, are not green and white;
Florence is very brown-oriented. In Dark Medieval Florence,
wood predominates, but richer structures are of an earth-colored
brick. Moststreets have only earthtones to look upon; the colorful
churches, then, are that much more noticeable and exciting.

Tue CAINITES OF FLORENCE

Florence isa rapidly expanding, powerful and populous city.
These factors conspired tokeep the Cainite population high until
about the middle of the 12th century. Until 1164, Cainites
moved to Florence in droves, responding to the changing focus of
power in the region. Hunting became scarce in the city asaresult,
and the contado was virtually abandoned. Inside the walls, exist-
ing elders struggled to kill or exile the newcomers. In the
countryside, a relatively few vampires snapped up wide spheres of
control. This chaos led to the downfall of Prince Alanus in 1164.
A Lasombra sired in the eighth century, Alanus proved to be
incapable of dealing with the rapid changes taking place in
Florence. With him lies most of the blame for the current crisis.
In particular, he could not stop the Cainite migration into the
city. Most of the elders rejoiced when an Assamite took his life,
but none have admitted to hiring the Saracen.

They are wise, for Alanus's death has only worsened
Florentine politics. For the last 35 years, Florence has had not
‘one, but two, princes: the Lasombra Anicius (called by his
followers "the Golden") and his clanmate and rival, Panfilo the
Cruel. Each claims superiority in age and generation and refers
to the other as an anti-prince. The contest has shifted as the
eight elders of Florence change allegiances in truly Byzantine
patterns. Cainites tread nervously, afraid that the invisible lines
separating the princes' territories have shifted overnight and
that they have crossed them. Envoys to the city must find ways
to meet with both princes without rousing the ire of either. The
Cainite population has dropped considerably in recent years.

Not all Cainites are drawn into the fray, however. Two
shadowy groups of supernaturals are hard at work in Florence and
generally left alone. The Toreador work diligently to preserve
Classical Roman taste in Florence. They have had some success
in molding the local style along severe, antique lines. The facade
of San Miniato is one of the finest works influenced by these


Toreador, some of whom are rumored to remember Rome before
the sack of 410. There is also rumor that the Toreador are aided
in their work by a cabal of mathematically-minded magicians.
Some Nosferatu point to the geometric lines of the Florentine
style and speak knowingly of Euclid and Pythagoras. No one,
however, suspects the enormous impact these works are having
on Florentine consciousness. By the middle of the 14th century,
Florentine artists (with a little help from their friends) will
rediscover mathematical perspective and realistic human portrai-
ture — and thus, alter all of European art.

SIENA

Siena is the second most prosperous city in Tuscany. While
not a particularly important city in the history of the Italian
peninsula, itisnonethelessa fascinating place anda good example
of a prosperous commune. The Sienese state is completely land-
locked. All of its commerce passes along the roads that run north
and south from its borders. Most of Siena's wealth comes through
local trade and long distance banking. Siena's perennial problem,
however, isa lack of water. The Sienese must pipe water into the
city viaa series of aqueducts and underground conduits known as
bottini. Siena is currently ruled by a council and a podesta.

Macicat SieNaA

Apairofuniqueanomaliesareassociated withSiena.Do
they indicate the presence of mages? Fae? Diabolists? A
hidden chantry? Storytellers: Make of these what you will...

THE SaTOR AREPO

On the side of Siena Cathedral, one can read the
following inscription in a block about two feet square:

This translates as "The sower Arepo holds the wheels
with his la@r," It reads the same from any direction you
choose. The'Sator A repo square is widely believed to be a
magical charm and hasalso be@h found in butiedruins of

Some of thé Siehese si
trickling béneath the city

itedto wishful thinking.
On the otherhand, in Dark Medic Val Europe, there are
a number of magical forées 1 ild hide a river. Is it
part of a chafitry, is it nestled in' some strange astral
realm — or is it a faint echo of the River Styx?


Siena is a hill-town, making it easy to defend, but also
giving it a serpentine, rambling character. Someone wander-
ing the streets can turn a corner and find a nearly vertical alley
dropping away from her feet. Most of Siena's buildings are
made of wood in the late 12th century, but the more important
structures (including the city walls) are made of a characteris-
tic reddish-brown brick. Siena's cathedral is made of black and
white marble (the city's colors); inside and outside, the build-
ing is striped like a zebra. The Sienese are not quite finished
building their duomo: The facade and the choir remain to be
completed. Still, it is a magnificent structure in which they
take pride. Siena is unusual in not having yet built a
councilhouse — its government meets in rented rooms.

CAINITEs IN SIENA

Siena's unlife is dangerous. Three elders live in the
medium-sized hill-town and two more are active in the contado.
Of these, only three are Lasombra, including the current
prince. Each vies for power in the city's politics and has sired
an unhealthy high number of childer. The current prince has
already called for one Lextalionis — only to have it fail
spectacularly. He dares not call another.

Much of the prince's time is consumed in dealing with an
ambitious Ventrue, Henricus Germanus, a relic of an at-
tempted alliance between Siena and the imperial city of
Augsburg. The German Cainite showed up during the nego-
tiations. Now Henricus refuses to leave Siena, and he has
proved surprisingly adept at avoiding the Final Death.

Also vexing is the continued power of the city's Hermetic

magicians. A chantry has existed since the founding days of the
city, but it has become increasingly powerful — or perhaps it is
only now revealing its true strength. Even more troubling, several
Tremere have been spotted in the magicians' quarter of the city;
though none have seen them arrive through the city gates.

ROME

Ecclesiastical liberty is nowhere better cared for than where
the Roman church has full power in both temporal and spiritual
affairs...

—Pope Innocent III ina letter to the Bishop of Ravenna,
translated by Brian Tierney

Medieval Rome, heart of the Papal States, is two cities in
one. One Rome is a prosperous Italian commune, with a
secular government of councils. The other Rome is the city of
the Pope, spiritual head of Christendom. The two Romes don't
always get along (in fact, they are often at war), but, to the
chagrin of both, they need each other to survive.

The Roman commune is ruled through the Senate. This
isn't the old Imperial Senate; it just stole the name. Other
communes can have their council and podesta — but Rome is
Rome and intends to have Roman names. The size of the Senate
fluctuates wildly. One year, there will be only one Senator; the
next, the Romans will change their constitution and appoint 50.
Depending on the current make-up of the government, a
Senator issometimes more like a podestd or consul elsewhere, and


sometimes more like a councilor. The Pope favors a small
Senate, because it is easier to manipulate. Thus, a large Senate
is often a sign of rebellion among the people.

Rome is the home of the Pope, head of the Western Church,
and, not coincidentally, Chief Bishop of Rome. The Pope is said
(metaphorically) to keep the keys to Heaven and Earth, given by
Christ to Peter, Rome's first bishop and Christ's appointed ruler of
the Church. At this period, the Pope claims not only the right to
appoint the bishops of every Christian kingdom, but also temporal
authority over large areas of Europe. These claimsare resisted (with

fell, the Romans discovered that this overgrown tombstone
made a great place from which to throw dangerous objects at
attacking foreigners. Over the centuries, it has gotten a new
lease on life, some added battlements and walls. Ownership has
passed through most of the major Roman families. This year one
family owns it, the next year, another will.

One other physical feature of Rome worthy of note: It is
surrounded by swamps. In the summer, these swamps are veritable
founts ofmiasma and disease. Foreign Popes complain bitterly. Some
Romans often leave for the season. Others just get sick and die.

varying degrees of success) by most of the European monarchs
and utterly rejected by the patriarchs of the Eastern Church.

Within Rome itself, the Pope occupies a precarious position.
Rome is "his" city, in as muchas he is its chief bishop, and since he,
and the college of cardinals, and all the enormous wealth of the
Church is concentrated there, he often controls much of its politics
de facto, if not de jure. However, Rome is also a secular city-state,
with mundane concerns — farming, trading, war, manufacture —
and its citizens want the same independence that other communes
have. They cannot, however, just drive the Pope out of town: He's
the source of their political importance, and without him, pilgrim-
age money would dry up. So most of the time, they recognize his
theoretical supremacy, and he lets them do what they want,
manipulating Roman political decisions from the wings.

Rome will soon (c. 1198) become the center ofa wide band
of territory controlled by the Pope. Eventually, these holdings
will become known as the Papal States, but at the moment, the
Pope's hold over them is far from certain. What this means for
Rome is unknown.

The city of Rome has shrunk drastically in size from its days
of glory. The city proper is reduced to a small, walled section
directly around the river Tiber. The rest of the old city (called
the dishabitato) has reverted to farmland. Scattered among the
fields outlying Rome sit the ruins of old marble and brick
buildings, monuments and broken columns. Some of these hide
catacombs, hidden chambers or other havens. (Unlike the
Cainites of other cities, Roman Cainites never have to search
far fora place to set up home.) Once inside the circuit of the new
walls, however, Rome isa bustling Italian commune, albeit built
on the crumbling ruins of the old empire. Alongside buildings
of modern construction sit strange anomalies built out of old
buildings. For instance, Trajan's triumphal arch has a noble
tower built on its top —a way for its present owner to say "This
is mine!" and get a few extra feet of height on his tower.

Several major landmarks define Rome. First of all, there
are the ruins of Rome past, such as the desolate Capitol, the
huge Colosseum, the Pantheon (now the church Santa Maria
Rotunda) and the many triumphal arches. Then there are the
church buildings: for example, St. John Lateran (later scene of
various councils) and St. Peter's Basilica. There are many
more; Rome is also knownas "the city ofa thousand churches."

Finally, the large brown Castel St. Angelo guards Rome's
flank. Its core is an odd-looking round structure, much too wide
and short to be a conventional tower. In fact, this used to be the
mausoleum of the Roman Emperor Hadrian. Once the empire

AA Papat, CHRONICLE

The official start year for a Vampire: The Dark
Ages campaign, 1197, isa hectic time in Rome. Storytell-
ers who want a Roman.Chronicle but don't want to jump
right into heavy intfigue shotild probably start a few years
earlier or later. Qn.the other haiid, there's nothing like
starting atthronicle withy a bang — and fewer

inite politics more than a p:
sion and a war!

ie to watch over the i ehod the papacy
obtains submission throughout most of cefitfal Italy by
1199. It takes only the passage of anid the death of
Markward, one of thé German heirs i
independencefifito actual control, a slow j roce's fraught
with a variety of siall wars.

Storytellers €an use this unGertainty to spin a vari-
ety of tales. What machinations, mortal and vampiric,
are involved in a papal eleétion?/ Which elders back
which candidates, and whi ist flee for their lives?
Which Cainites — especially among the hated Ventrue
—travel with the armies of the imperial candidates? Do
delegations appear in the troupe's town? How do the
princes of the various towns react to their towns' submis-
sion? What claims does the Prince of Rome send out into
the new Papal States? Can he successfully enforce them?
Do the characters have to try?

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


T

THREE PILLARS

CAINITES IN ROME

Rome, as a large city and a political center, boasts a
great number of Cainites. Many content themselves by
maintaining a herd or profiting from the influx of wealth
from trade and pilgrimage. Most vampires, however, keep at
least one eye fixed on the Vatican. The Pope's court is as
prestigious as that of any monarch — perhaps more so
because of its international status. Lasombra and Ventrue
want power. Setites want to corrupt. The Cainite heresy
wants to change doctrine. Tremere want the ancient texts
kept in the Vatican archives. Fortunately, the aura of faith
around the curia (caused by relics if nothing else) keeps the
papal throne relatively clean of direct undead interference.
What frightens Roman elders most of all is the possibility
that some Cainite, through ambition or mishap, might
reveal the true extent of vampiric society to the Church's
heart. (This nightmare indeed comes to pass in later years,
when Fabrizio Ulfila of the Ventrue effectively sets the
Inquisition in motion.)

The strongest clan in Rome remains the Lasombra, of
which Prince Constantius is a representative. Most of the
other clans of the Christian world sport some representa-
tive or other in Rome at all times. The Nosferatu are
particularly numerous, especially penitential Nosferatu on
the Road of Heaven. The presence of so many holy sites and
persons draws them in, as do the extensive catacombs and
ruins of the dishabitato.

Regardless of clan, the greater portion of Romes' elders
and ancillae look eagerly toward the growing Papal States.
Some fear an exile in the newly conquered territories, others
hope that Constantius will appoint them as rulers of some
minor city. The excitement reaches a fever pitch following
the purge of Orvieto in 1199, the court of Constantius
becoming center for furious politicking by all sorts.

Rome is also a major center for the Inconnu in Eu-
rope. These Cainites of imperial times are more often
rumored about than seen. Cainites with Auspex occasion-
ally glimpse toga-clad figures of impressive auras before
they slip away. The eldest of elders are sometimes startled
in dark hours by sires they thought long dead. Nosy
Cainites never return from certain abandoned quarters of
the city. In general, the Inconnu seem not to care for
current politics — but occasionally, one resurfaces long
enough to utter a warning or to deliver an ultimatum, then
promptly disappears. Such activity makes them just vis-
ible enough to trouble the slumber of princes and elders.
Who knows when a well-laid plan will falter through the
interference of some creature old and powerful beyond
reckoning? For this reason, most of them wish the inscru-
table Inconnu gone, yet they can do nothing.

It is not easy to go about unlife as a Cainite in Rome.
Scattered throughout the city are sites and persons of excep-
tional holiness. Rome, after all, is the city of a thousand
churches; entering into any one of them could mean the


Final Death for a Cainite. Innumerable priests and nuns
wander the streets. Should only one in a hundred have the
deadly True Faith, that is still too many — yet how can they
be avoided? Even Nosferatu beneath the city surface must
reckon with the catacombs and the deadly tombs of saints
long dead. The heart of Roman life and politics is religion; an
ambitious Cainite cannot steer clear of all priests and altars
forever. So, Cainites in Rome swallow their pride, dig deep
havens, and are always ready to flee. Few prize the scars and
scalds given them by holy objects, and one bloated Nosferatu
is rumored to have a burn from every church in Rome —
including an enormous crucifix incised onto his face.

SOUTHERN ITALY
AND SICILY

Forget everything the past 28 pages have said about
communes, and read the first three chapters of this book —
because southern Italy and Sicily are feudal. They have no
republics, no communes, and no city-states. Instead, the Sicily
and the southern section of the Italian peninsula is ruled by the
Emperor of Germany, who inherited it from the last of the
Norman kings in 1194.

THE ITALIAN CITY-STATES


Tue Monstrous PopeEsTa

Quote: The punishment must fit the crime — he shall be stoned within an inch of his life, then pilloried, and,
finally, flayed and left for the wolves. No man steals sheep in my city.
Prelude: After the floods wiped out your village, the monks from the
monastery in the next valley came to dispense food, and when they went
back they took you on as a servant. The services were the first time
you'd really paid attention in Church, and soon you found that God
was paying more attention to you in return — speaking to you in
the fields, sending his angels in the form of bright halos around
people, and showing you things in dreams and visions. You
persuaded the monks to teach you to read, so that you could
become a monk yourself.
Then came the painful, seemingly random Embrace, and
your first frenzied slaughter. You had never been made to do
God's work, you realized when you had sated your hunger,
and you should never have had the temerity to imagine that
you were. Very well. If God didn't want you, there must be

another power who did.

Intime, you made your way toa village on the very edge of civilization.

Seeing the opportunity for easy prey, you "persuaded" prominent citizens
to tell the villagers that you had been sent as a contracted podesta, then
drank them dry. You subdued the superstitious and ineffectual villag-
ers in a single night of bloody horror. Some you killed and dragged
through the streets; some you drank from; some you tortured and
maimed. You sent visions and madness amongst them, and walked
abroad wearing the faces of their dead friends. You made every last
villager drink your blood, and then you told them that they had
damned themselves, and that only you could save them.

Agents of the Church rarely come here, and when they do, they
always find youa polite host. The Church disinterestedly acknowledges you
as the village leader, and your position is now secure. The villagers dare not
speak against you, and most are too mad or too tightly bound to you to wish

to. Some have even joined you in your depravities.
Concept: God will certainly be regretting making an enemy of you. You
are on the Devil's own unholy mission, and you believe the corruption and
perversion of Christian things are your appointed duty.

Roleplaying Hints: You labor constantly to put your charges into
deeper and deeper states of terror. You are incorrigibly evil, and you look
andact the part — you growl and shriek insanely, and ask significantly after
the villagers' children. If you meet any Cainites who share your tastes,

invite them to join you for a meal, but be thoughtful and provide an apron.

Equipment: Tattered Roman-style robes of office, scepter of rulership
(dented from use in meting out "justice"), fetid bag of...parts...saved from

unruly citizens (an eye for an eye...)

rion

Ww

eS


a
NAME: NATURE! WHonster GENERATION: 70th
PLAYER: DEMEANOR: Defender HAVEN: a
CHRONICLE: CLAN: @aiti Concert: Monstrous
Caitifg Podesta
ATTRIBUTES
PHYSICAL SociaL MENTAL
Strength, @000 Charisma @@0000 Perception, @ee@000
Dexterity @0000 = Manipulation. @@@000 Intelligence @e@0ee@00
Stamina @000 = Appearance. e@e0000 Wits @@e@e@000
ABILITIES
TALENTS SKILLS KNOWLEDGES
Acting. @00000_ Animal Ken @00000_ Academics. @@e@000
Alertness @00000 Archery. 000000. Hearth Wisdom__0 00000
Athletics, 000000 _ Crafts 000000 _ Investigation. 000000
Brawl. OO0O0OOO Etiquette. @00000 Law. @00000
Dodge @00000_ Herbalism. 000000 _ Linguistics, @00000
Empathy. @@000 Melee 000000 _ Medicine. 000000
Intimidation, 000000 _ Music @00000_ Occult, @@e@000
Larceny. @00000 Ride 000000 _ Politics @@0000
Leadership. 000000 _ Stealth, @@0000 Science 000000
Subterfuge @@@000 = Survival. 000000 _ Seneschal @e@e@000
ADVANTAGES
DISCIPLINES BACKGROUNDS ‘VIRTUES
Celerity @00000 _Alties ©0000  Gpncci
_Dementation @@®000 ‘eneration ee0oo0 mune' a eg
Obtuscate @00000 SOP 80000 Self-Control @@000
_ 000000 «Retainers ____® 0000
000000 == = 90000; Courage @0000
=== OTHER TRAITS Roap HEALTH
000000 Beast Bruised oO
©00000 eeeeee0000 Hurt aa
000000 Injured 10
©00000 __— WILLPOWER Wounded 9-2
000000 Mauled ei al)
000000 @@®®@®000000 Casa ets 0
900000 ynyAnoOnonoooo0g0 Incapacitated Oo
000000 W.
2 i . A 4 5 == Bioop Poo. ee
te)
ooooog GVOOOOROO00OO
oooooo DOOOOOOOOO
Ee agra


YOho voas the Ring of Aragonin
NO4-2 VWOhen was Gulian the
vohen your character voas nt
braced? he follovoinig resources are
printed here for your convenience.


Diocletian
Maximian

Galerius
Constantius |
Maximian

Severus

Maxentius
Constantine | the Great
Licinius

Maximin Daza
Constantine II
Constantius I]
Constans
Magnentius

Julian the Apostate
Jovian

Valentinian I
Valens

Gratian
Valentinian II
Theodosius I the Great

EAST

Honorius
Constantine III
Constantius III
John

Valentinian III
Petronius Maximus
Avitus

Majoran

Severus III
Anthemius
Olybrius

Glycerius

Julius Nepos
Romulus Augustulus

WEST
Arcadius
Theodosius II
Marcian
Leo!

Leo Il

Zeno
Basilicus

ROMAN EMPERORS
FROM A.D, 284

284-305
286-305
305-311
305-306
306-308
306-307
306-312
306-337
307-324
308-313
337-340
337-361
337-350
350-353
360-363
363-364
364-375 (West)
364-378 (East)
375-383 (West)
375-392 (West)
378-395 (East; West
from 392)

395-423
407-411
421-421
423-425
425-455
455-455
455-456
457-461
461-465
467-472
472-472
473-473
473-480
475-476

395-408
408-450
450-457
457-474
474-474
474-491
415-476

KIncs of ARAGON

Ramiro I 1035-1063
Sancho Ramirez 1063-1094
Peter I 1094-1104
Alfonso I 1104-1134
Ramiro III 1134-1137
Petronilla 1137-1162
Alfonso Il 1162-1196
Peter II 1196-1213
James I the Conqueror 1213-1276
Peter III 1276-1285
Alfonso III 1285-1291

KINGs OF JERUSALEM

Godfrey of Bouillon 1099-1100
Baldwin I 1100-1118
Baldwin II 1118-1131
Fulk, Count of Anjou 1131-1144
Baldwin III 1144-1163
Amaury I 1163-1174
Baldwin IV 1174-1185
Baldwin V 1183-1186
Guy de Lusignan 1186-1187

KINGs oF PoRTUGAL

Alfonso I Henriques 1139-1185

Sancho I 1185-1211

Alfonso II 1211-1223

Sancho II 1223-1246 (Deposed)

Kincs oF PoLAND

Boleslav I 1025-1025
Mieszko I] 1025-1034
Casamir | 1034-1058
Boleslav II 1058-1079
Vladislav I 1079-1102
Boleslav III 1102-1138
Boleslav IV 1146-1173
Casamir I] 1177-1194
Leszek I 1202-1227

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES


BYZANTINE EMPIRE

Justin I 518-527 Constantine VII 913-959
Justinian 527-565 Romanus I 919-944
Justin I 565-578 Romanus II 959-963
Tiberius 578-582 Nicephorus II 963-969
Mautice 582-602 John I 969-976
Phocas 602-610 Basil II 976-1025
Heraclius I 610-641 Constantine VIII 1025-1028
Constantine Ill 641-641 Romanus III 1028-1034
Heracleonis 641-641 Michael IV 1034-1041
Constans II 641-668 Michael V 1041-1042
Constantine IV. G68;658 Zoe and Theodora 1042-1042
Justinian Il go 89) Constantine IX 1042-1054
Leontius 695-698 Theodora 1054-1056
Tiberius III 698-705 Michael vi nates
Justinian II 705-711 icorl ‘0571059
Philippicus Lael Constantine X 1059-1067
Anastasius II 713-715

; Romanus IV 1067-1071
Theodosius III 715-717 :
ee ara Michael VI 1071-1078
ehecnatett eats Nicepohorus III 1078-1081

Alexius I 1081-1118

Irene 797-802
Nicephorus I 802-811 John Il 1118-1143

Michael 1 811-813 Manuel I 1143-1180
Leo V 813-820 Alexius II 1180-1183
Michael II 820-829 Andronicus I 1183-1185
Theophilius 829-842 Isaac II 1185-1195
Michael III 842-867 Alexius III 1195-1203
Basil I 867-886 Isaac III 1203-1204
Leo VI 886-912 Alexius IV 1203-1204
Alexander 912-913 Alexius V 1204-1204

KINGS OF CASTILLE KINGs OF FRANCE

Ferdinand I 1033-1065 Hugh Capet 987-996
Sancho II 1065-1072 Robert II 996-1031
Alfonso VI 1072-1109 Henti I 1031-1060
Urraca 1109-1126 Philip I 1060-1108
Alfonso VII 1126-1157 Louis VI 1108-1137
Sancho III 1157-1158 Louis VII 1137-1180
Alfonso VIIL 1158-1214 Philip Il Augustus 1180-1223
Henry I 1214-1217 Louis VIII 1223-1226
Ferdinand III 1217-1252 Louis IX 1226-1270

Alfonso X 1252-1284 Philip IL 127021289
Rasputin Just kidding

VAMPIRE: DARK AGES


Gorm
Harald I Bluetooth
Svein I
Harald II
Canute
Hardicanute
Svein II
Harald III
Canute II
Olaf I

Erik I
Magnus
Erik III
Olaf II
Svein III
Canute III
Valdemer I
Canute IV
Valdemer II
Erik IV
Abel
Christopher
Erik V

KINGs OF DENMARK

940-940
940-986
985-1014
1014-1019
1019-1035
1035-1042
1047-1074
1074-1080
1080-1086
1086-1095
1095-1103
1129-1134
1134-1137
1140-1142
1142-1146
1146-1157
1157-1182
1182-1202
1202-1241
1241-1250
1250-1252
1252-1259
1259-1286

Alfred the Great
Edward the Elder
Athelstan

Edmund

Edred

Eadwig

Edgar the Peaceable
Ethelred the Unready
Edmund Ironsides
Canute of Denmark
Harold Harefoot
Hardicanute

Edward the Confessor
Harold Godwinson
William the Conqueror
William Rufus

Henry I

Stephen of Blois
Henry II

Richard the Lionhearted
John Lackland

Henry Ill

KINGs OF ENGLAND

877-899
899-925
925-939
939-946
946-955
955-959
959-975
975-1016
1016-1016
1016-1035
1035-1040
1040-1042
1042-1066
1066-1066
1066-1087
1087-1100
1100-1135
1136-1154
1154-1189
1189-1199
1199-1216
1216-1272

~ KINGS OF GERMANY
AND Hoty RoMAN
EMPERORS

Charlemagne 800-814
Louis the Pious 814-840
Lothar I 840-855
Louis II 855-875
Charles II the Bald = 875-877
Charles III the Fat 881-887
Guy of Spoleto 891-894
Lambert of Spoleto 894-898
Arnulf of Carinthia 896-899
Louis III] of Provence 901-905
Berengar I 915-924
Otto I the Great 962-973
Otto II 973-983
Otto Il 983-1002
Henry II 1002-1024
Conrad II 1024-1039
Henry Ill 1039-1056
Henry IV 1056-1106
Rudolf of Swabia 1077-1080
Hermann of Salm. 1081-1093
Conrad of Franconia 1093-1101
Henry V 1106-1125
Lothar III 1125-1137

Conrad III 1138-1152
(Never crowned)

Frederick I Barbarossa 1152-1190
Henry VI 1190-1197

Phillip of Swabia 1198-120
(Never crowned)

Otto IV 1198-1218 (Recognized
by Innocent III)

Frederick II 1212-1250

Henry Raspe 1246-1247 (Anti-King,
never crowned)

William of Holland — 1247-1256 (Anti-King,
never crowned)

Conrad IV 1250-1254
(Never crowned)

Richard of Cornwall 1257-1272
(Never crowned)

Alfonso X of Castille 1257-1273
(Never crowned)

Rudolf I of Hapsburg 1273-1291

(Never crowned)

VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES


KINGs OF HUNGARY

Geza 972-992 (Duke) Bela II 1131-1141
Stephen I 992-1038 Geza II 1141-1162
Peter 1038-1041 Stephen III 1161-1161
Samual 1041-1044 Ladislas I] 1162-1163
Peter 1044-1046 Stephen IV 1164-1165

Andrew I 1047-1060 a Il 1163-1172
Bela 1 1060-1063 Bela III 1172-1196

Imre 1196-1204
Salamon 1063-1074
Gaal 1074-1077 Ladislas III 1204-1205

Andrew II 1205-1235

Ladislas I 1077-1095 Bela IV 1235-1270

Kalman 1095-1116 Stephen V 1270-1272
Stephen II 1116-1131 Ladislas IV 1272-1290

KINGS OF SERBIA Popes AND

Stephen Nemanja 1151-1196

Stephen I 1196-1228 FANTIPOPES @

name woes OF THE 12TH CENTURY
Vladislav 1232-1243
Paschal II 1099-1118

Uros I 1243-1276

Stephen Dragutin 1276-1282 Theodoric — 1100%
Albert 1102+

Sylvester ‘TV'1105-1111+

KINGS OF SCOTLAND Gelasius I] 1118-1119

i Gregory ‘VII 1118-1121+
Kenneth 1McAlpin 843-860 Calixtus ‘1119-1124

Donald 1 860-863 Honorius Il 1124-1130
Constantine | 863-877 Innocent II 1130-1143

oot tee Anacletus ‘I1'1130-1138¢
ocha 5 Victor ‘IV' 1138+

Donald ee Celestine Il 1143-1144
Constantine II 900-943

Lucius I 1144-1145
Malcolm I 943-954 e ontatil' {isles
Indulf 954-962 eee a
Duff 962-967 Anastasius IV 1153-1154
Colin 967-971 Hadrian IV 1154-1159
Kenneth II 971-995 Alexander = 1159-1181
Constantine III 995-997 Vietor"V" 1159-11644

Kenneth III 997-1005 Paschal ‘III' 1164-11687
Malcolm II 1005-1034 Calixtus ‘III' 1168-1178+

Duncan | 1034-1040 Innocent ‘III' 1179-1180+

MacBeth 1040-1057 Lucius HI] = 1181-1185
Malcolm IIL 1057-1093 Urban IIT 1185-1187
Donald Bane 1093-1094 Gregory VIII 1187
Duncan II 1094-1094 Clement II] 1187-1191
Donald Bane 1094-1097 Celestine II] 1191-1198
Edgar 1097-1107 Innocent III 1198-

VAMPIRE: DARK AGES


1067
1071
1076
1077
1079
1085
1086
1095

1096-1102
1096-7
1096

1097

1098

1099

1101
1112

1113

1115
1118
1120

1121
1122

1125

1132
1135
1139-53
1140

1145

1147-9
1147

-
A Dark MepIEVAL TIMELINE

Battle of Stamford Bridge

Battle of Hastings

Norman Conquest of England
Construction begins on Tower of London
First Saxon revolt

Diet of Worms

Civil War in England

Construction begins on Winchester Cathedral
Christians capture Toledo

Domesday Book commissioned

Proclamation of First Crusade at Council of
Clermont

First Crusade

Crusaders arrive in Constantinople
Construction begins on Canterbury Cathedral
Battle of Dorylaeum

Siege of Antioch

Battle of Antioch

Cistercian order founded

Jerusalem falls

Godfrey of Bouillon elected first Latin ruler
of Jerusalem

Final wave of crusaders defeated by Turks

Burghers of Laon murder bishop and proclaim
acommune

Hospitallers founded

Peter Abelard opens school in Paris
Clairvaux monastery founded

Council of Toulouse plansattack on Saragossa

Knights Templar founded
Construction begins on Autun Cathedral
Council of Soissons, Abelard condemned

Concordatof Worms, Investiture Controversy
settled

William of Malmesbury's History of England
Flying buttress introduced at Cluny
London burns

London burns again

Civil War in England

Council of Sens, Abelard again condemned
Gratian compiles canon law

Muslims capture Edessa

Pope Eugenius III proclaims Second Crusade
Second Crusade

Eugenius authorizes crusading in Spain and
Eastern Europe

Lisbon captured

1148
1149
1150
1155-1230
1158
1159
1160

1188
1189-92
1189
1191

1193-1230

Crusaders withdraw from siege of Damascus

Consecration of Church of the Holy Sepulchre

First papermills built in Spain

Civil war in Norway and Sweden

Order of Calatrava founded

John of Salisbury's Policraticus

First windmills built in France

Construction begins on Avila Cathedral

Construction begins on the first gothic ca-
thedral at Laon

London burns yet again

Construction begins on Paris Cathedral

Constitutions of Clarendon

Construction begins on Poitiers Cathedral

Serbian revolt

Lombard League founded

Church of the Nativity (Bethlehem) renovated

Egypt submits to Saladin

Thomas Becket murdered in Canterbury
Cathedral

Construction begins on Wells Cathedral

Order of Montegaudio founded

Saladin takes over Damascus

Waldenses (heretical) group established

Order of Avis (Order of Evora) founded

Lombard League defeats Frederick I

Massacre of Latins in Constantinople

Aleppo submits to Saladin

Bavarian revolt

Mosul submits to Saladin

Battle of Hattin

Jerusalem taken by Saladin

Pope Gregory VIII proclaims Third Crusade

Saladin Tithe imposed in England

Third Crusade

Silvas, Portugal captured

Richard I takes Cyprus

Acre capitulates to Richard and Philip II

Battle of Arsuf

First Lord Mayor of London appointed

Bodies of Arthur and Guinevere reported
exhumed at Glastonbury

Treaty of Jaffa

Construction begins on Lincoln Cathedral
Edicts against Cathar heretics

Livonian Crusade

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES


1194
1196
1198

1200

1201
1202-1204
1202

1204

1204-5
1208

1209-29
1209

1210
1211

1216
1217-29
1218-19
1220

1221
1222

1224
1225
1226-83
1226

1227
1229-33

Construction begins on Chartres Cathedral

Diet of Wurzburg

Teutonic Order founded

Pope Innocent III] proclaims Fourth Crusade

Order of San Jorge de Alfama founded

Construction begins on Bourges Cathedral

Construction begins on Rouen Cathedral

Fourth Crusade

Order of Swordbrethren founded

Crusaders take Zara

Crusaders sack Constantinople

Baldwin of Flanders elected first Latin Em
peror of Constantinople

Conquest of the Peloponnese

Papal legate assassinated in Languedoc

Proclamation of Albigensian Crusade

Albigensian Crusade

Sack of Beziers

Cambridge University founded

Order of Friars Minor (Franciscans) established

King of Hungary grants Teutonic Order
lands in Transylvania

Construction begins on Rheims Cathedral

The Children's Crusade

Pope Innocent III proclaims Fifth Crusade

Pope Innocent III deposes and restores King
John of England

Construction begins on Dublin Cathedral

Philip II captures Normandy
King John of England signs Magna Carta

Fourth Lateran Council formalizes doctrine
of transubstantiation

Paris University receives first statutes
Orderof Preachers (Dominicans) established
Fifth Crusade

Siege of Damietta

Construction begins on Amiens Cathedral
First Mongol incursions

Crusaders defeated at al-Mansura
Construction begins on Burgos Cathedral
University of Padua founded

St. Francis receives the stigmata
Teutonic Order invited to Prussia
Teutonic Order conquers Prussia

Diet of Cremona

Revival of Lombard League

Crusade against heretics in Bosnia

Civil war in Cyprus

1229

1230

1231
1232-4
1232-53
1233
1236
1237

1239

1241

1242

1244

1245

1248-54

1248

1249
1250
1251
1252

1256-8
1256
1258

1259

Jerusalem restored to Christians by treaty
Peace of Paris ends Albigensian Crusade
Construction begins on Beauvais Cathedral
Kingdoms of Leon and Castile unified
Liber Augustalis law code for Sicily
Crusade against Stedinger heretics in Germany
Conquest of Valencia by James I of Aragon
Inquisition founded

Ferdinand II] of Castille takes Cordoba

Teutonic Order absorbs Swordbrethren in
Livonia
Proclamation of Crusade against Emperor

Frederick II
Swedish crusade to Finland

Mongol invasion reaches Hungary and the
Adriatic

Proclamation of Crusade against Mongols
First Prussian Revolt (against Teutonic

Order)
Battle on Lake Peipus
Fall of Montsegur
Fall of Jerusalem to Khorezmians
Battle of La Forie

Teutonic Order authorized to wage permanent
Crusade in Prussia

Council of Lyons deposes Frederick II

First Crusade of St. Louis (King Louis IX of
France)

Aachen taken by crusaders

Seville taken by Ferdinand

Capture of Damietta

Crusaders again defeated at al-Mansura

First Crusade of the Shepherds

Florin minted, reintroduces gold coinage to
Europe

War of St. Sabas in Acre

King Lllewellyn sweeps English from Wales

Mongols sack Baghdad

Treaty of Corbeil settles French-Spanish border

Battle of Pelagonia

Treaty of Paris restores peace to northern.
France

Battle of Durbe, Teutonic Knights defeated
in Livonia

Second Prussian revolt

Mongols take Damascus

Battle of Ayn Jalut

Greeks reoccupy Constantinople
First English Parliament summoned

VAMPIRE: DARK AGES


1269-72
1269
1271

1273
1274
1275
1277

Battle of Benevento

Mamluks seize Jaffa and Beirut
Fall of Antioch to Mamluks
Battle of Tagliacozzo

Second Crusade of St. Louis

Rebuilding of Westminster Abbey begins

Marco Polo departs Venice for the Mongol
court

Construction begins on Limoges Cathedral
Construction begins on Ghent Cathedral
Order of Santa Maria de Espana founded

Charles of Anjou arrives in Acre, pressing
claim to crown of Jerusalem

Kingdom of Jerusalem split

Genoese begin annual convoys to Bruges
and Channel ports

Edward I seizes Wales

Genoese defeat Pisansat naval battle of Meloria
Jerusalem reunited

Marco Polo returns to Venice

Tripoli falls to Mamluks

Edward I expels all Jews from England
Acre falls to Mamluks

Sidon and Beirut fall

Ordinances of Justice Florence bans mag-
nate families from government

Model Parliament in England, first repre-
sentative parliament

Battle of Cambuskenneth, William Wallace
defeats English army

Muslims take Ruad from Templars

Treaty of Caltabellotta

Truce between Sicily and Naples

Clement V establishes Avignon papacy

Hospitallers invade Rhodes

Crusade against heretic Fra Dolcino in Piedmont

Arrest of all Templars in France

Popular Crusade

Teutonic Order headquarters moved to
Marienburg, Prussia

Crusade against Venice

Hospitaller headquarters established on Rhodes

Battle of Halmros, Athens and Thebes fall
to Catalan Company

Knights Templar suppressed
PopeClementgrants Templar landsto Hospitallers
Council of Vienna

Battle of Bannockburn, Scottish independence
Last Templar master burned

‘VAMPIRE: THE DARK AGES


| Lords and ladies, abbots and nuns, serfs and guildsmen — the foundation of Dark
Medieval society rests upon feudal obligation. Each denizen owes his superiors
fealty and his inferiors duty. How, then, do Cainites reconcile this temporal _~ eo ie

< hierarchy with their own society of the Long Night?

Three Pillars examines the three branches of Dark Medieval society, from the
duke in his manor to the peon in the field. The book includes a myriad of
story ideas, as well as a comprehensive resource for the nature
of the world itself. Three Pillars presents the Dark Medieval
world from the perspectives of both mortals and vampires,
to give the broadest spectrum of utility to Vampire: The
Dark Ages players and Storytellers.

4 —

» A comprehensive resource on mortal and Cainite
society in the Dark Medieval world;
° Hints and tips for integrating vampires into the

feudal hierarchy; .

© A look at each individual tier of Dark Medieval
life and unlife — the peasantry, clergy and nobility

as well as extensive background on anomalous Italy.

ISBN 1-56504-288-3
WW2809_ $18.00 U.S.

)