# File: Time Of Thin Blood.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

for vampire: the Masquerade


\ hie )
7 > 2 im

for vampire: theMasquerade


ij
jy
Y,

Uf IG
je
Yp
(ith


Marvin Jenkes was in that anoying state at the
onder of sleep where he fet lke a man in a broken
levator: His head woul! droop and hie mind sink away
be jerked back wp ino consciousness» coed
rr. ane theme woul sink again. ad jerk awake again
us no pode ll Rad thee bout to goon is
shit Teme foe ache
Heseetched 2d yawned. picking uphis coffee mag
lefatzuny ring on the Sealer SttBrite Motel, the
i her ad al he thing
ng dhe mags. The temainder fbi
brown sade a

lee

the at,

lie cup 0 coffe bad turned i
ecto He leabedearoundin dt, He ida wane
‘hyper Inter. Maybe what he nceed was some a

He fa seared to heave his midle-aged body at of
the char when an ehooious, lecing bep fee the ke
speak rn isa cutomer wanting in. He
‘led forward and suinted tse ough the please
trindow. A young couple wood there, overnight bags
Tend He fumed hem in. They opened the doo: an ey
‘resented pa hem ad tied the things on he de
Marvin Bed up preemptive han

"We've al booked up," hem
either of them semed ope

new, but they exchanged lance and pushed

‘war The yoong man came forwand dropping bis duel lg

cethededk wth adn He wa askinny bad sedtype Hit

forks neatly swallowed hin whole

"Dada' you see the ign"

"Yeah, aw thesig." the kid answered, bows coming
together slight annoyance. "Br len, we've bee all
oy md dow the 100, ae cbc hae mrtg

"You picked the wrong weekend

now. Actuily dua' pick it but—" the young
sman anced at his companion. She wl nehing arin
sotto the nigh though the trnvperent walle the ite
trcepeionst's vestibule, Peering. acl, aed sbhtng
‘ound, facing for toch. Somebay she Saher
tox ron ico, Mari frowned

You kon the kd nied lily. "Anyway,
sere jun hoping somebady might have canceled. oF
Checked out

"Yeah, checking out tour AM. fm afraid not

he ote bac

A


isk Phe pence "where clac ae we mgresedto 99"
F) etowcold yo the ee se" Marvin sad "There
Bian, » Moeel Sand » Days ina."
BB or AM. You wid youre: And cold

Vai, Marvin et hi gae travel down he frame
opted the Bulge under her uly, quitedovercont

Allie se pt arom," be id elcid "Not
eine

Welle"

Ame rsh. There isn't shed right ow. This
"40 pur yet on and broke. 0 we bad ood
Towne The dee doen't wrk to god, ether And
mating But wecng a 9 the hols and you ray
Ja wen 10 po anyplace ebe, Fe you bave e So you

tan jus Raa ower er Dagon belly alway 2
Nile, cy closed
"Whey. she's not gona deo eight here she
"No, no. the bs said to bay.
Marin ignored hie and leaned forest, abdresnng
Ma'am, You in labor? Should Teall he host

ese: Hick, were prety re"

Marva wnt sre how nae they were, bt e took
tinea "Okay FU ge oe couple flames i aide
Me They heir dha nothing"

"Thanks Really, ou ave no bea"

Oh, | do {remember when my we was pres"
Marin' je felon the young woman left hand and
‘urbe ncicng hac wa be Wie bh? wel

"That's 44 dallas, bat ce the foow by exp F
ake #30"

They pa ch "Marry Chrisman" he sid x shey
thy picked up thee bag

Menty Christman" they echoed He hand! them the
ey and homed thes oot

"Tha was peetey poo" Leis commented a she
seragleup the ats "Tenant even ute yd eerner
what Beste, Hicks wan"

"Te dsinggrod osemeaber myownname, "Petes
Hs hands shack me eed to et the key int the eck
Fully he managed to unlock dhe doce

The night manager hade't ben exageatiog It wat
(Qemal roms Serped of x centerpae, rlokel enpey,
depregly borlie. The recinge of ida carpe
fnoxmally covered by the bed wars decidaly beighter
cangethan theres. Anagingraiatorhined inthe comer
The mel of hgh ar cigarettes and other lew plensane
sabarincenieck to every mrt One elit Bulls had
tenedow

Pete tuk ft parka ad grad part the alls
Leda couldbe down tn omathing em than lls doe
See He added a cup of towels rm the bathrooe 0 pad
‘thar Then he acked the doce deadbolt andchain He
lockedout the window before pling the deapes close
Bete any beadighs, but he new now fom pero
experience that vampees cou deve through the dak
thou them

"Hoge thse rll-way show wp 2000," be sid

Nor tooscon She was pling one of the rae tee
cf the beeen, At ft wouldn't come, but she pave ts
fred yank and popped ut. She tot her cou ana
ranged rnd

What' that be

"Well where ese ate me going toute when ieee
(Ob I mat be chine. Feel me, se fin cone

"Jes" ewan ct exactly ao Pete relied. at he'd
one ts few ines alvendy Heslomly homered er to the
fee, reached weet the paaly din fave of het Gu
Tava-nhale drew anc pected ffherpanties The sinter
aghs wae ce leahng wareh may em fingers
though could' be frozen any see Pete made ace ike
hemmed wencthing bee

Pete. Pee aI close

"How thoold I know" he mapped. "Tell me what
shout this has been mal"

"You know what Teean. Am | pent"

"Per wide open "Hewthkew hinfingee acleaned
them with ucheap motel wachlich "Good thing we didn
sean ars any get, you realy mht have ded
(other

Bulli." she groled. She sat yp, hosing het un
nly ba nto a couch

"Lela whacareyoudoune Lay down rst ptbubly
ings be a while

"Tanto apa"

"Fine, sgt then" Pete got wp and Like! cu che
‘window noun Neching. Ths woul be the wor pr jt
Seneg here thking about everthing hat eal harper

Pesce oth Carbon
3


‘Behind him, Lela groaned and moved fromm squatting
nga ack pn He sa own othe table ad nce

1 clove cigarette down tthe filter, then ancthe.

Pete, get over Bee! Leila called at ast

"Check me apn

‘You'lt awe > bold sel Sep rock Jo

Wha' the waiter"

she, tana th Jom cane the mie dow

1 don't mane e-

"Lie down

She shueted and go
tang. Her mouth opened slightly, ber fangs pecked cut
neath erp, He took ber under the atts the el
ly he comuidring — and propped her back saint
the wall
plone help

Pete waliowad force back the an teeing
his thioue He'd been eting Rimself fo this for week
He even known thatthe clrcumaances would Soc be
sem. Bare ony now, sate face ae

shesighed "ean ell fel Pee

deat bt

Walling over apne on «dry lot ebout to bin nt
this worl! «ching that shoul' even ex

nd beeing

Ran for help for fac' sake — that he was tay preted

He stated babing
Lela, baby" He smoothed her hae bck: Her fre
tnd war lead lick with aed eat, "We have no iden
what we've doinghete: We're pots couple of upd Kid
ean, whatever ee you are nom ye atl a upd Kd
‘And'even if the theyve never teen mayehing beh
Pete

Pete, come back

endertana chi

1 don't cae.

might be done befoe they pt ew!

Hedaled and waited The line did mothing fora for
‘edonde: He wnced some more. Evenrealiy i ted
beeping isn. Bony? Cou 91 be bay? No, shin wat «

the prceted weny. "They won't

sowed, throwing galas the wall. Scone ofthe Blood


fetid. The phone crise ino the dingy plaster

Teter afew Fakes thenfalingto the ove with alan,

Pike cond tom fm wasochet, lhe around ke an ar
bacco before coming to Fest

Dad ow Sl 9 petout Les asked when wa over

lew too ft goo ven to eel sheepah Irons joe
ee ow in ch eth psn "Nae md
Drop. He weet over the cond and examined, Sure
Io fa! let 1 Hite platic attachment behind.
Wer rad wt cen
STDs" She wa actualy sealing alate,

"Dae Lele"

Stosks Pete" Her eye were luminous, tight with
tet aed ps. "We don't eed them Fo all we know,
this the ne ane this has ever oppened. Ever in al
Pity All ook to make that was you see"

Tinow how toda" he complained
reeengh 6 thisten" she persed "So comton."

Tho we the end ofthat argument. So what the
somagies Cte! down the doot? So shat dhe manager
‘er in wth che rllavays and got all psn? He let
Rime couedtack sinkingdown ter ide Theres
finew ake now. the powerful, yet smell of beth
ngwch she ctherscents of mildew and Sst and vampere
esfand Love My Carpet

"Whar So you want metodo" he asked helplenly.

lp me treehe"

"Help you esha

50 whenever! Tellme wben to peo"

"Ishin searing now would be god rane"

‘No, lok ad well me when."

"Tes looking. Thatg'sin the way. Shou yea ie™

Dow Ie beak nel"

"Wace POW. Thee goes Ob Jenn gm"

‘She strained horribly. The crown of a tiny head
peeped out. He could ce wips of black hae the seme
‘hale his He thought to hime may fook ke me,
few oot going to be like me. AC nine months,

PF wn breath and heartbeat with 0 motherly chythie
treme et againn Even unborn tara hell ating
lal who knew what i might do once i was out? He
‘heed it on mentally. Come on be whatever youre
(Come on oat for Daly. Don't Kone what om png td
teh yon, at eth ing ng

They eves knock a the dor.

Hetese Leilalieedherbead. still neeqiefarencush
slong tobe oben,

"The manager" she whispered

ete shock his head: Could be: Could abo be thew
Math Knocking at the door. Ether way, aothing could be
bene aor

Then another rapping came ai the window, and x
voice, faitlyandible through the gas. twas woman's
woice: He couldn't make out the words, but Leis
Senses were toned a good Jeal higher She listened tot
fos minute

See who tn she si,

"What it one of hem"

do' thine i: Open the

What about you

fh.. aed to retin between anyhow

the elas She wtraaghtened up wnmelitey

"Who ae you?" he demanded

"Who do you think?" she replied. He made the
late ven fo the econ tee this week an met het
twit lance. She ahd, "Sup aide, honey." and be felt is
{eet shetling back the ould step post ie into the
tom, A moment larerhis body was hic again, bets
ro too lee

Lesa seared ot the range: lot 1 moder, she made
no actempe tot op or compose henel "You one ex"

"Thewomin ned "Tone ofu: Thin-Hooded. he
you. Quteae ike our"

eee instantly fel anceher reo rene.
Aida seem intent on doing anything bose. = be
‘ood there ac quiver. The woman pace fc coe end
the som tthe ther, koking all ure

Ad this trie she murmoced. "Thin whit wesw

"What are you ting about" he snapped

"This wat the visor. We've never tried together
before: We hed no Hen wookd beso mech cane, Pesant
‘motel room, no bed. Orange cape, Leak tal in theft
Comet" Her pee fllowed the ite on her check
‘oding ech a ean with te sume een appraisal. -Varpie
in labor Cleese mortal oytiend. Even the broken vl
tare knob on the TV set. This

"Wat vision? Lei

te

The woman pun around, went bck
snd shouted "Boys This it Le' bri
Wha eat
She jst ell over he shocker and walked ane
Peteran back tohis lover ae,
‘stunt, eset nerwéckcvercegin Moving
In her bithing throes was owt of the question. That.

flimsy Soot would never stand up to gang of the
undead. The lane vampire he'd shot with his prerahop
38 had sceally lughed. But he had a Zippo la bie
focket, and somewhere in his duffel bag war» can of

ese eotbaGe tom

5


bottom —tmotmen appeared tthe dct Easier tell eh
they were lhe wea they mer at chalk ie o Leia
‘One of them had »bulgne pocery bag in is ars. The
ser held s baby crit

"They cae nad unloaded thet ba on
the mabe ofthe soe

think we got everything here." the older Sok:
tng ofthe two. "Some formal, tm ese. Hot plate
sem iup. And cee chunky bee sew for Daly — ow
Keg eben nce your nc unre meal! Yu ca teat he
Aaland cock ght in the can. Baby Blanket"

1 dn‘ wodentand" Pee semmered Lela wai
adil of another pealgean contraction, bowling and
Signe her hecs dhe carp. He wok her head in
tech andere er Samp har "1 don vundetand. hat
re you dong, [dan arcerand"

These might wane swale while,* The wotn's
eypereutable voice wae wth the cl ait She ada

the Noor in

S. ath

tacked under her out

Themen hued tuneden er "Son

‘ening vp 100, Andee have whi the rod the mite
ak sin"

fall sack of fll-weappes pees
Sete

"Yer. we. You gona strap newborn baby tothe bck
cpl ithe reesng tin! And go here! eft

this umerapped" She dangled » plc Ranger on one
finger Tiny tote pajama eden dhe winter gos ike
a minate lag. Pnk pana

"Who the lll ae you he nae, knocking it side

She looked at hin. Her exprenion hoveted in xe
\oetabe space berween pty and beacnae

‘Sar and is evens aida ie "The The Wie
Men. The Toth Fay Does timate? Wether
herenow: Thecamubocemeat dete when we ede

She sed down at Lila poping end contorting athe
bh of ew ace aloe hn ofthe Baby hie i the
compan of Le' belly

And time


By DEAN SHOMSHAB AND SARAH ROARK


‘Speciat THasnes
Mike"Bathor" Tinney. frtringing Spinal Taptothe Sabha
(a Sen Fen.

‘Chris "Il Be Oude" McDonough, fr sving something
tek to the Point's parking oe

Fred "Ramastein" Yelk, fr dhe searing renion.

Bela "Devi Goat Fie" Glan xr finding etn Photonbcp
Grey Mala Fanti elarngshc een tone
Ed"Gumbo" Mall for bestowing the honoeay tile onone
to deserving

‘And Extra Special Thanks to Anyone Who's Ever Given
‘Me‘A Ride Home ats ult ofSebmchery ony pat.

(©1999 Whice Wolf Publishing. lnc. Allright reserved Repeodoe:
ton without the written permision ofthe pobuher i expel
forbidden except for the purposes eviews and for lank charac"
ter sheets which may be reproduced for personal wse only, Whi
‘Wolf, Vrpire the Masquerade, Varpie the Dak Ages, Mage the

places and text herein ate copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.
Thermenton oft terence any conganyctfeakxtintheepgesisnotachlleng tothe taemack or cpt concerned

‘This ook wes the superar forseting characterand themes. All mst and wapernarural elements ae fiction and
sotended for entertasament purpens coy Resse dcreton advised

Check ox White Wolf clin
pe white wl om: ale games whitewelf ad ec games fy atoll
PRINTED IN USA.


TABLE O:

pretupe: UnTo Usa Cuio

IntRODUCTION: THE DARK S|
Cnaprer One: Twice DAMN!
Cuaprer Two: ALas, THAT
Cnaprter Taree: A STAIN Oo}
Cuaprer Four: WRItTeN IN
Cnapter Five: New BLoop

Appenpmt: Tue Wee oF Nic!



ROD
Ap

UCTIONS=:
RELEASE &
Bion!

Bu Gad hah chosen the foh things of he wold co
confound he we; and Gd ath chosen he weak hg of
Ard confor eng whch ae mh

—1 Covichians 1:27

"The World of Darkness isa world of giants.

For ages untold, the Kindred have walked that
sword mightiest ofthe giants. The very eldest of them
tre tndiseinguishable from gods. The weakest of them
on seand against many men. Now safely hidden
Iehind the veil of human skepticiam, they have in-
sinuated themselves into every mortal institution.
Cities well under their attentive influence to provide
fever more disposable vessels for vampires" endless
thine. Although wise mortals and other desperat
‘reatares fight them every step of the way, they con-
tinve to four. Nothing seriously threatens the
prominence of the undead

Until now.

In their hubris and selfishness, the Kindred have
finally exhausted the eternal Curse of Caine. When a
vampire of the 14th generation attempts to create

bee

another of his kind, he has substantial chance of
failing and even should he succeed, his childe will
never be abe to site achilde of her own. Fifteen isthe
‘utter limit. The Final Nights are upon us. We have
‘entered the Time of Thin Blood.

THe Eve or GEHENNA

This book fulfils its title in rwo diferent but
closely related ways First it describes a setting, the
‘world into which thin blooded vampires find tl
telves Embraced: Kindred society teetering on the
edge of apocalyptic chaos. Second, it describes the
thin-blooded themselves, giving an explanation of
their nature and role in the World of Darkness well
‘as mechanics for creating a thin-blooded character.
‘What i presented here for your delectation snot
(Gchenna set Instead, the ideaisto push everything

©


xchclosertothe brink, tosoundtheechoesthat_ fearand contempt of other Kindred. The
neually being the avalanche. This book examines of vampire lore and customs makes
Inyteria pesently gripping the Cainite ot only to their own Kind, bu al
rovkdes wuggeationsforchroniclessetonthe Worst of all, afew of them bear the dubious gift of
= Inother words, itin'tthe endonly visions. These waking nightmares intimate ancient
othe end mysteries and a dite reckoning to come. Posy,
all apart, as the poem says. Peace and they could be of use in averting the doom of the
cooperation among the Kindced we hiseoically Geg- Earth, but only ifthe rehscsane propiees can vurvive
ile e bese, and it never takes much to make them long enough ro decode the
crumble. Undemeath thei rational, cynical fgades Make no mistake: The last generations are pa
and ag amurances of wuperioity, the Kindred thetic weaklings as vampires go. Although, li
are terrified by Noddst prophecy. The Book of Nod clanless, they ean sometimes create their own
tells them chat their time is now shor. Moreover, it pines, they can attain only middling proficiency in
tellathem that the very leastoftheirkind,theclanless, any power ofthe Blood. Moreover, thet dilated vitae
thin-blooded masses, willbe their undoing. Hemmed can barely sustain their bodies, to say nothing of
inby theirown paranoia, they ate ready tolash outst fueling supernatural feats, Their unique abilities ar
any scapegoat, to follow any messiah, to resort toany much more useful for getting them in rouble than out
stratagem: AndJas omen after omen manifest, things of. Most thin-blooded know they arent long for the
an only get wore sword; hell, the world wnt long fr the world

Tue Razor'sEnce

ne thin-blooded, vampires of the 14th an

rately greater. They walk the razors edge: On one
thiscontrovery. Theirappearancehera 88. isthe mortal life they haven't yetadachance to lave
Their weak blood, which often lacks the potency behind, on the other, the Kindred, the deadly and


Chapsee Twot Alas, That Great City explores
the socel aspects of the Time of Thin Blood, Te
‘explana the penpectve and the survival wrategiesof
sreallingvampites, then dcies the Kindred race
Ton tothe thin-booded and other portent of doom
(Ghe picture is not pretty one). The scourge — a
Hoody reincarmation ofan ancient Kindred fice —
is expanded and developed

‘Chapter ‘Threet A Stan on the Soul povides
mechanics and suggestions for creating vampires
the lat generationn es well an sytem the curious
power df insighe

‘Chapter Fours Weiten in Red offers concepts
SauincyeciGetoonn perccuadyeidantinodel
cntheerect rw
layer characters

"Chapter Five: New Blood gives ive plug-and-

play templates for thin-blooded and ‘dhampir
problem is being bandied about Elysium with Characters

frequency a disaster looms ever nearet Finally, the Appendix: The Week of Nightmare
(Chapece One: Twice Damned examines the bio- looks atthe tebe toll the Time of Thin Blood has
GarealtyofwhatrenownedMalkaviansanguinarian taken on the World of Darkness — and one clan in
Douglas Netchurch refer to as "Thin Blood Syn- particular Itseems that Gehenna came early this yeat

home" Ir alto contains cern rules systems for for one ofthe Cainite clans
thin-blooded quirks, sch as altered blood point cows" Proceed, then, with caution, into the birth of

Us informarion on the "hal-vampire" dhampies. ew and darker nge.

omcoe tea >



a LAD) TUR Oe
(PWS BASING 1 a

For a minute I lost myself.
— Radiohead, "Karma Police"


een,
- con
UE ey)
APRS Ry
Corre mn dh
For Waren oF]
Neri ths ts)
6 Bint iey:
: Moa oP ey

ae Sener
Sener
nao

~
it nemeeme i

ve

a fs. NaN sagt $e
ay Rime UF soem seh "GR
SFE ek Cora
PRs © ee, Teens Ee
Bitecek Sandie
ta: ee CA mS
thin Bice GSKATON. &
ote Une se Pare

tare a
st wok Suan dees coff EAE Ore
Regen eee A\rro, A en bee 4
cs Gewraprves, 1 Ceenof Dy AR Go ee $2544

‘ eh at wart FEA md

yee a Reet =
be 77 SPLOT OOPS

16

"dred does it become fiver

Permit me, however, to dispel a common misconcep-
tion. The Viscosity of vitae does not change from generation
to generation. Although vitae does literally thicken some-
what with age, the difference' becomes noticeable only
when the vampire is many centuries old.

THE VITAE EFFICACY SCALES
~ Whilemost Kindred know that some vitae has more intrinsic
" powerthanother,until recently no onehas quantified this potential.
Tam indebted to Professor Maxius of Clan Tremere for his Vitae
Efficacy scalesof measurement, and Ireferinterestedreaderstohis

papers. In brief, Maxius defined five scales:

* The Starvation Seale: The test vampire feeds until fully
sated. It then goes hungry until it enters torpor from starvation,
taking care not to, expend vitae upon any other function. All

vampires of the same

Sednjatoccnipicaly servetiney engage tnngaberysof vine
Repeated trials produce an average value of high reliability.

* The Wound

pires are'repeatedly wounded in the same way, healing the
‘wound each time. Note that one must adhere strictly to
"experimental protocols, making each wound identical, or
one cannot be sure that the same quantity of vitae is
expended in healing each wound.
_ For the most accurate results, test subjects should be
" forced to continue until they expend all vitae. Maxius found,
however, that the change ina test subject's weight before
and: after regeneration could also be used to measure vitae
efficacy: Lower-; generation vampires Consume a smaller
‘mass of itae when they heal wounds.
some comipunction to note that this testis,
ily harsh on the subjects, but [ do not
Maxius' personal stake in the matter.) ~

Tiwe oF THIN Boop

é years ago are weaker than those sired five Centuries azo!
et the differences are of degree, not of kind. Only the
idiot wouldread some moral lessoninto these simple

e's protection for? the. past. century.

somehow inconse-

Blood, because of age and

does correlate strongly to pen-
pe ipxtemehy rare among most

ion take roughly the same number

ation Scale: Sated test vam-

reliable. One must quantify each sulbjeét' "normal" ‘strength before he heightens his strength. ee

sir strength ferent amounts in each trial. Statistically valid results demand many repeated trials,

¢: loy some Discipline that consumes vitae. until they reach the

teql res, however, that all test subjects Know the same Discipline — a condition the experimenter
the Discipline Scale i is useful only to confirm | test results from other scales,

'y contain wae. the same: han of Blood. One can determine a vampire' s
i ‘lost in the course of a day's sleep, or in healing a calibrated wound, More
vampires the four scales all give the same results.

tme for vampires /ith Thin Blood goa For vampires of the 14th and 15th Generations, the Vitae
ules do not always match.
Starvation Scale, fully sated vampires of the 1h, 14th and 15th Generations all contain the same number of
1 10 nights, they reach minimum weight and exhaustion of vitae; on the I 1th night, signs of physical deterioration
nthe 181 it, they enter torpor. Tests using the other scales, however, reveal severe restrictions on vitae usage
4th and 1 Peracerstion vampires. In the course of testing, three distinct populations emerged.

rion: ""NorMAL" 14TH GENERATION
v yhen sated, ae vampires could regenerate wounds or augment their strength only eight times before needing
again. Despite this, they kepta reserve of two VEUs. ‘They coulduse thisteserve vitae only forthe autonomic function
ng euch evening. 1 found no other measurable handicap in this population.

iON IT: "*THiN-BLOoDED" 14TH GENERATION

te fe a reserve of two VEUs, usable only for waking. Careful measurement of changes in body weight while
vitae revealed the reason for this discrepancy: Kindred of this population expend vitae at double the rate of other

‘ More | detailed testing of my research subjects révealed two other disabilities arising from Thin Blood Syndrome,
| Aneedoral evidence sugsests @ third.
| Guouts

The Ghoul Scale proved completely inapplicable to Populations I and IT. These vampires could not create or sustain ghouls
pag Feentaton vampires could: [sustain ghouls normally, even with their last two "reserve" VEUs.

. THEBLOoD Bond
j Nor could Population II or IIT vampires bond mortals to
_ them. Several research subjects eventually volunteered to
I f accept blood bonds from other subjects, in the interests of
Pond nee ee Ae {: science. None of ‘the vampires in Populations Il or Ill could
wounds, boosting their physical Attributes and fueling." ae another vampire. Kindred of Population I had no
Disciplines (those Disciplines that cost blood points, any- _ SHACU bye a =
way). The cost for nightly rising, however, remains one © ‘Vanuparesotallfinee-pupulations however, proved equally
blood point. Compared to other vampires, vampires with susceptible to blood bonds from Population 1 or "normal

Thin Blood Syndrome can hardly use their vitae at all! vampires. They can be blood bound just like any other Cainite—
| areassuring discovery, in View of certain other of their abilities.

Vitae Efficacy Units
Dr. Netchurchy has, of course; discovered the bleed

Charter One: Twrce Dawn
7

Co

Alternate Rules THE EMBRACE
Why do only some vampires of the highest genera- ‘Thin Blood Syndrome affects a vampire's ability to Embrace
tions have Thin Blood Syndrome? Why notall ofthem? —_ mortals. Two of my "normal" 14th-generation vampires (Population
Good. ion. Storytellers who want tomake the thin- 1D had sired childer (one of whom herself became a test subject in my '
jedan 1 part of their campaign can rule that in esearch). One of my Population It subjects claimed that she oncetmied |
thet Wockl ol Dashasebe Seeey ities eaetae ber tosireachilde and failed, killing theunfortunate mortal. Vampires with i
the Thin Blood Flaw (but have a better chance of siring Connections to the anarch and neonate communities report other |
childer — say, 50 percent instead of 20 percent —orthere = incidents of \4th-generation vampires failing to sire childer. For
ain'tgonnabe many 15th-generation vampires!) Ortheycan Kindred of the 14th Generation, the overall chance of siring a childe i
rulethatonly Caitiffreceive the compensations of thin blood seems to lie between 40 and 60 percent, What's more, popular reports 1
(personal Disciplines, Insight, etc.), but the generational claim that 15th Generation vampires cannot sire at all.
limit doesn't apply. Or they can tule that only vampires with Tsuspect that success at the Embrace would vary between
the actual Thin Blood Flaw get the special benefits. Ulti- = Populations I and II — that Population I vampires could sire
mately, asalways, the decision rests in the Storyteller'shands. + with little or no incidence of failure, while Popolation IT would
Suffer almost certain failure, just like Population II] Kindred, |
€ would like to determine exact percentages under laboratory conditions. Unfortunately, the concomitant ethical
_ Problems make testing very difficult. [ will tender a complete report once I have located a large enough supply of suicidal
" or socially negligible mortals to act as test subjects.
* Questioning of thin-blooded subjects also revealed a peculiarity about their own Embraces, As we all know, the change
~ from human to Cainite takes a very short time — usually less than a minute. Several subjects, however, claimed that longer
"Periods passed between their exsanguination and their rising as a vampire. The longest hiatus reported was 15 hours. During
_ this period, as far as their sires could tell, the subjects were dead.
Z Only one of my Population subjects claimed such a "delayed Embrace." Three of my Population II subjects did so, as did
fourof my Population II subjects. (See the appendices for a complete tabulation, but the data sets too small for statistical analysis.)

DISCIPLINES

‘The highest generations may also have a reduced capacity for developing Disciplines, That none of my test subjects

had completely mastered any Discipline is perhaps not surprising, considering their youth, None had been a vampire more

han seven years. Among the 15th-generation test subjects, the oldest had spent just 14 months as a vampire. Obviously,

| of them had heard of a 14th or 15th-generation vampire ever fully mastering a Discipline, Several reported 4 rumor
‘or legend that the thin-blooded could master a Discipline only if they lowered their generation through foul diablerie.

¢ _Teannot yet corroborate this rumor. To confirm or refute that the thin-blooded can never master a Discipline will take many years.

- "The experimenter will have to train numerous thin-blooded subjects for statistically valid results. I cannot add such a program to my

"So slowly as a ghoul). ITeave it to other researchers, with greater experience at edacating childer, to calibrate tis deficiency and
establish whether it correlates with genuine Thin Blood Syndrome or whetheritoccurs among all vampires of the highest generations.
‘THIN BLoop DEFINED
, From these test results, one can construct a precise definition of Thin Blood Syndrome:

* Thin-blooded vampires must expend twice as many VEUs as other vampires to heal wounds, increase their physical
" Prowess or fuel certain Disciplines. (1 conjecture that the Might Scale results for strength will also hold for reflexes or
_ resistance to damage. Unfortunately, Maxius has not yet published detailed experimental protocols for measuring these
"aspects of physical augmentation.)

* Thin-blooded vampires cannot create or sustain ghouls at all.
_ *'Thin-blooded vampires cannot blood bond mortals or other vampires.
i * Among thin-blooded vampires, ability to confer the Embrace is greatly reduced, if not completely eliminated,

__ Populations If and III suffer from Thin Blood Syndrome in full measure. Population I does not. All three populations, however,

‘THINBLOOD ANDTHECLANLESS

so many high-generation vampires do not know their clan ancestry and culture, Some do not even know what a clan is!

18

Te rd Cee lMrien sceig 5
Sern Met Nompres asc ceeggy ty
ow OR OE ot Sek
wotolo, MWA y Co ete Devnet enh]
See ay ee SUN. a AU
ee Cx ee (Se Reel Shel, Gee
Re Mes eceumre Cesus tor Pes

cok, Mile Gone fo See oe
Si Apa ee Ae Four ho
x phy Ney She yeey
een er AO SS
fo ren eUS SE Cee
peek pemen ots Cane
N Some Cer PCN re
Ag, Pererres. Consees!

UE & Bo Kew OE}

Fes Fee SS TER EAA ER, Penn

nce 3
BRS Gk Ces tts Bement mi tema

‘knowledge of a Cainite's ancestry, determining her clan membership becomes a detective's puzzle. One can
recognize a Nosferatu Caitiff with relative ease (see my notes on that peculiar anomaly in Dr. Reage's
of the Nosferatu" paper), but in other cases, the clues may be slender. The Disciplines that an ignorantneonate
up" seldom give an unambiguous answer. Many of the special weaknesses and foibles we regard as so
of our lineages may not be obvious. Nor can we regard them as universal. A strong-willed Cainite can
ly of the hereditary handicaps. I myself am Malkavian by ancestry, but no insanity has ever tainted my
rational processes of science, Conversely, a vampire may show handicaps or obsessions quite unusual to
‘instance, a Gangrel with the dietary exclusions of a Ventrue, or a high-strung Toreador with the temper of
the curious to my august sire Trimeggian's Encyclopedia Hemovoria for a full discussion of the methods
of determining an unknown vampire's clan affiliation.
of these difficulties, "Caitiff' very often means "lineage unknown" and nothing more. Were they closely
their ancestries known, no doubt many "Caitiff" would stand revealed as members of one clan or another.
did not receive training in their clan's affinities, culture — yes, and foibles.
said, I must still concede that many of the highest generations do seem to be true Caitiff. Atleast, a sizable fraction
vampires display no Discipline affinities or weaknesses so strongly that one could assign them toa clan. Ihave never
id a Kindred of the 15th Generation whom I would confidently place in a clan if I did not know his ancestry (most
do not). At least half the vampires of the 14th Generation defy classification as well.
ch does not show any greater preponderance of Thin Blood Syndrome among the clanless (or "clan-unidentified")
those who clearly show a clan heritage, While thin blood and clanlessness are certainly linked phenomena, their
simple.

report attributes some quite marvelous powers to the thin-blooded. Two such claims | regard as proven; one remains
Finally, one is proven, but with such far-reaching implications that I must describe it in a separate section.


NN pipeennsiiement > inceieniineninsetiiiasieeabemaiiae. |

RESISTANCETO SUNLIGHT?

Iwas as skeptical as anyone about tales of "Caitiff rabble" walking by day. know from experience that even Methuselahs
must fear to walk by day: Despite their fantastic resistance to other sorts of damage, the elders may burn within minutes, even
on a cloudy day. I can verify this from witnessing my grandsire Addemar's suicide in 1877. Addemar is said to have taken a
cannonball to the chest without harm, but in sunlight he caught fire in 34 seconds and burned to ash 12 seconds thereafter.
(Naturally, I estimate those times as accurately as possible.) *

As ascientist, however, [keep an open mind and put these stories to the test. I, six local neonates of various generations
and several of my high-generation test subjects briefly exposed ourselves to sunlight at various intensities. Only the left
hand was so exposed to a narrow beam of sunlight, carried into the laboratory via a fiber-optic cable. Chaining the subjects
to yivisection tables eliminated the possibility of phobic reaction (Dérn's overwrought "Rétschreck") spoiling the
experiment. I must particularly thank my ghoul assistant, Dr. Reage; for her invaluable help with test subjects who could
not stay awake until the experiments. Fortunately, wakefulness or sleep had no discernible effect on test results,

I myself am more than usually resistant to sunlight, having cultivated supra-physiological resilience (what my sire,
Trimeggian, dubbed "Fortitude" in Encyclopedia Hamovoria). Despite this, exposure to full sunlight burned my left hand
to ash in short order. Most test subjects exhibited similar responses (complete data, with statistical analysis, appears in
Appendix Two). Among my 15th-generation test subjects, however — and only among them — trauma from sunlight
progressed ata slower rate than it did with 14th- or lower-generation test subjects. Later experimentation showed no further
evidence of general resistance to other forms of extreme damage among 15th-generation vampires. Chemical combustion
damaged their flesh as quickly as it did the tissue of other vampires. Likewise, violent removal of large masses of flesh from
limbs or the trunk caused equal reduction of their ability to perform various physical and mental tasks.

I also exposed research. subject tissue samples to sunlight. These in vitro experiments permit a more precise
measurement of [5th-generation resistance to sunlight, since the tissue samples do not struggle, scream or expend vitae in
attempts (o regenerate themselves. At high intensities, incineration progressed at almost the same rate as for other vampires.
At Iow intensities, however, incineration took much longer for 15th-generation tissue samples than it did for the flesh of
other vampires. Ifa 15th-generation test subject could stay awake during the in unvivo tests to augment their resilience with
vitae, they could resist sunlight even longer. For all other vampires, vitae expenditure does nothing to resist sunlight.

What is more, these subjects could heal the damage as easily as they healed punctures, small incisions, broken bones
and other conventional wounds. Theoretically, a 15th-generation vampire with well-developed "Fortitude" might resist.a
mild exposure to sunlight (as, for instance, on a heavily overcast day) for several minutes, and could easily survive briefer
exposures to more concentrated sunlight.

This is hardly the "immunity to sunlight" of popular rumor. As we all know, however, tales grow in the telling. Inow
have two 15th-generation test subjects repeatedly exposing themselyes to low doses of filtered sunlight in an effort to
develop their "Fortitude," In a few years, [hope to provide graphic andincontrovertible proof that 1Sth-generation vampires
can develop such remarkable resistance.

Novet Discieines?

Wild tales of vampires with unknown Disciplines are certainly nothing new. Norare they confined to rumors about the thin-
blooded: In the last two years, some quite absurd stories about the vampires of the Orient have gained wide circulation. Until
recently, these "new Disciplines" proved elusive. Like the vanishing hitchhiker or the poodle in the microwave, they were always
seen by a friend of a friend, never in an Elysium with a dozen reputable witnesses. (I refer interested parties to my sire's attempts
tolocate avampire with the alleged Discipline of "Bardo." He concludes that the Discipline does not exist.) How could one believe
that a neonate should generate a new Discipline, when even Methuselahs find it a labor of centuries, if at all possible?

(Again I refer to the work of my sire, who concluded that our dead flesh and static states rendered such creation
impossible. Although I haye noticed aberrations in the greater
condition of vampires, particularly those of the high genera-
tions —see below — vampires do seem to be inclined toward
Stasis rather then evolution.)

Almost a third of my research subjects, however, clearly
displayed "Discipline" powers notdescribedin Encyclopedia
Hemovoria. These occurred in all three populations. Allow
me to describe three of the more interesting cases. (For
complete descriptions, see Appendix One. All names are
pseudonyms to protect the privacy of research subjects.)

The "New" Disciplines 4

Some of these are actually Disciplines from other
supplements. "Jason" and "Jeff" have Sanguinis,: de-
scribed in the Guide to the Sabbat. "Jinx" comes from
the Dark Ages Discipline of Maleficia, described in Dark
Ages Companion. See below for more on using "old" but
obscure Disciplines and Thaumaturgical Paths as "new"
Disciplines for the thin-blooded to invent.

Tie oF Tn Buooo
0

Jason' and "Jeff," twin 14th-generation Caitiff (Population I) who share a blood bond, can heal each other's wounds from
in 50 meters away, so longas they can see each other. They claim they discovered this ability within a month afler their
In the course of experimentation, they also found they could make external body parts such as arms or eyes vanish
f them and appear on the other's body. (As yet, they have not found any use for this power more constructive than,
put il, "grossing out" my other subjects and research staff. Not all these anomalous powers are useful.)
i ‘a 15th-generation Caitiff (Population Ill) and enthusiastic gambler, had an unusually subtle power. She could
e her victory in any game of chance... or rather, she could guarantee her opponent's defeat. More than that, she found she
jake anyone fail in their next clearly defined task, if it had any aspect of chance or uncertainty of success. For instance,
, could not make a pair of dice roll a specific number btit she could make a person lose:a bet about whether the next number
d be even or odd. Her mark bet wrong more than 90 percent of the time: In the same manner, when she concentrated on a
er who normally hita bull's-eye ata given distance 70 percentof the time, his accuracy dropped to less than 10 percent.
Nor were these the occasional freaks of vampire physiology, neither teachable nor heritable, that one sometimes encounters
ong the Kindred, I myself have learned Carlos' "Sleep Whammy." Jason and Jeff have taught their wound-healing trick to
er pair of mutually blood bound Cainites. Mary, alas, met Final Death before she could share her probability-influencing
Jinx" with me and so render my research self-supporting (or rather, involuntarily funded by Las Vegas and Monte Carlo).
‘The evidence is overwhelming. The thin-blooded can create new Disciplines , obviously, and other vampires can learn them.
cording to my sire, vampires who devise new Disciplines once received the title of inceprors. Hitherto, only Antediluvians and
E elders of low generation received this honorific. Despite the outrage to sensibilities and my sire became quite voluble when
Tinade the suggestion to him — we shall have to get used to speaking of thin-blooded, neonate inceptors.

ht
| CLAIRVOYANCE?

Rumors of "Caitiff prophets" and thin-blooded "seers" have become nearly as common as tales of anomalous
" Disciplines. This rumor has proved more difficult to confirm or refute.

. To date, four of my research subjects have claimed that they experience prophetic dreams, clairvoyant visions or simply
"hunches which proved uncannily accurate. They have grouped all these phenomena under the label of "insight," Such claims

"actually seemed quite plausible. Initially, I believed that they had developed the Discipline my sire has dubbed
" (uncharacteristically poetically) Auspex, but did not understand its significance.

Standard tests for Auspex, however, failed to show the characteristic powers so carefully catalogued by my sire and
familiar to so many of us. Only one subject could augment sight and hearing to superhuman levels. None could perceive
auras. All failed at the Zener card tests that would have shown use of telepathy or remote viewing.

My secondary hypothesis was another new Discipline, perhaps a variation of Auspex appearing widely throughout the
thin-blooded population. With the assistance of the local Skeptics' Society, Dr. Reage developed several tests for precognition
and clairvoyance. Once more, results fell below a statistically significant rate of success, well within the range of mere chance.

Test subject "Wendy" claimed that her so-called "insight" only dealt with the present, past and future of other vampires, Atthis
point, Tconfess I suspected the "cold reading" ticks employed by mortal fortunetellers to dupe the gullible. (myself can perform
cold readings of other people's history, character and interests, These seem quite astonishing to persons who do not appreciate how
a trained observer can extract information from even the tiniest clues, Anvability to pull information from "nowhere" is claimed for
the Discipline called Dementation, which has now become all too well known — but I of course do not practice that Discipline.)

During a visit by two ancillae, howeyer, three of my self-proclaimed "seers" spontaneously made shocking claims about
the visitors' past activities and connections to senior Kindred. As my patron well knows, these claims not only greatly upset
both visitors, it led to the murder of one, the execution of the other as the killer, and the current prosecutions by the scourge.
(May I share my outrage over the accusations of treason against your dear childe. I cannot believe them and am sure that
investigation will lead to full exoneration.) Still, the investigations have borne out most of the specific claims by my "seers."

One demonstration, however, does not constitute proof. The entire situation could have been a setup, with information
hypnotically implanted in my subjects' minds by parties unknown, precisely to cause such turmoil.

Subsequent attempt to eyoke this insight proved inconclusive at best, blatant failures at worst— with one exception. Dr.
Reage suggested that the stringent protocols against tampering used in solo tests might have an intimidating, negative effect
on test subjects. A more sympathetic group setting might cause less anxiety and give better results. Although this smacked of
the "bad vibes from skeptics" that'psychics use to explain away their failures, it seemed worth trying at least once. Dr. Reage

Cuarrer One: Twace Dawnen
21

——

also suggested using the placebo effect — some harmless flimflam — to increase the subjects' confidence. Normally I dislike
deceiving my test subjects, but Dr. Reage supplied abundant precedent for such techniques in psychological research.

My honored sire, Trimeggian, paid one of his all-too-rare visits just before the séance. With his permission, I made him part
ofmy "placebo." Before the test, all four subjects consumed blood that, unbeknownst to them, contained a small dose of ketamine.
Inmortals, this drug produces a dreamy, suggestive state; ina blood solution, ithas much the same effecton vampires. The subjects
and my sire satin a circle around a table. I told the subjects that my sire would use his awesome mastery of Auspex to open their

"minds to the future. My sire then sonorously counted to 10 in Old Church Slavonic as I lowered the lights.

Seldom have I seen such shared concentration. Imust confess to a moment of superstitious dread as my four "seers" cried
outthe name "Lamdiel!" in perfect unison. Still speaking as one, they described a small lake surrounded by mountains — then
three owls sitting together on a tree branch — and then a naked youth rising from the waters beneath a blood-red moon.

Asis well known, the power to read minds seldom works upon one's fellow Kindred. Nevertheless, Imade.a supreme effort and
was rewarded with success. I entered the minds of my "seers" and... I saw. | saw the youth — a boy in his early teens — cast a silver'
butterfly ata great tower marked with arose, and the tower falling. I saw myself standing beside my sire Trimeggianas the cast-iron door
tohis sanctum broke into thousands of scuttling beetles. I saw my sire's precious books take wing as birds, as the youth stepped through
the doonway, blood dripping from his hands. I saw him pick us up— we were no larger than mice — and swallow us whole.

Tbeg my readers to forgive any lapse from scientific objectivity. It was a shattering experience. Severe as it was for
myself, it left my seers (I can no longer use the quotation marks of doubt) in torpor. One has not woken up yet.

‘Letme repeat that [ still have only anecdotal evidence for this prophetic power of "insight." In science, no single eyewitness
Teportcanconstitute proof. We must have reproduction of results, oratleast some sort of corroboration. Trimeggian hopes to prove
the vision's worth by finding the Lake of Three Owls and that youth, his grandsire, Lamdiel, whose portrait he inherited from his
Site, Addemar. Yet I fear the search will proye futile, and we will know the vision's truth only when itis far too late to take action.

ANOMALOUS BIOLOGICAL ACTIVITY

‘The final aspect of Thin Blood Syndrome seems to have escaped popular report. If my research subjects are typical, most thin-
blooded know so little about the Cainite condition that they do not recognize their own anomalies. Other Kindred notice the highest
generations' vitae handicaps and strange paranormal powers, They miss the subtler effects of Thin Blood Syndrome. I, however, have
made detailed observations of the thin-blooded for two years, under a-wide variety of physiological stresses. As a result, I have
discovered a phenomenon so unprecedented as to call into doubt our most fundamental understanding of the Curse of Caine.
ie ‘The stasis of our corporeal form is so well known to us that we often ignore it. Itis a truism that we Cainites do not

age; more than that, our bodies do not change at all, except for a slight increase in pallor as the centuries pass. When we
awaken cach night, our bodies have restored themselves to the exact condition and appearance they held on the first night
~of the Embrace. Mortals grow and age; we do not.

(Lcan attestto the power of this stasis. As a neonate, newly entered upon my trademark research, I undertook to remove

| -atattoo from a fellow Cainite, a former sailor who found the vulgar mark hindering his new courtly ambitions. In the end,
Thad to excise nearly a pound of flesh to keep the tattoo from reappearing on his regenerated skin.)

‘Thus, when I noticed that research subject "Jason" bore an unaccustomed fiye-o' clock shadow on rising one evening, I
Suspected one of his jokes. When J told him to "wash off that fake stubble," however, he seemed genuinely surprised to find
itthere. lam ashamed to say that we exchanged heated words, butin the end Jason appealed to my scientific objectivity, inviting
‘me to inspect his whiskers for myself. Words cannot conyey my surprise when I discovered that Jason spoke the truth!

My second hypothesis, that a Tzimisce impostor moved among my staff, [rejected within moments. Ifa flesh-altering
Fiend had infiltrated my laboratory, it would haye struck ina far deadlier manner. L was left with the improbable — insane!

- — conclusion that, as he slept during the day, Jason had indeed started growing a beard.
‘The most minute examinations on subsequent nights showed no further activity of Jason's follicles, but from then on I kept
special watch for other evidence of transitory metabolic processes among my thin-blooded subjects. Over the following six
_ months, I found several instances of anomalous biological activity. Specifically, I found five instances of hair or beard growth
~ by up to two millimeters; three instances of nail growth by half a millimeter; three instances of perspiration (mortal sudation, not
the "blood sweat" we Kindred sometimes experience under extreme stress); two instances of sun-tanning; and one menstrual
‘period. Three instances involved more than one foim of biological activity. (See the case studies in Appendix Three for details.)
As the case studies show. each biological episode followed a period of intensive vitae expenditure. Five occurred
during or shortly after convalescence from vivisection. Four occurred when the subject repeatedly fed to. repletion then
expended vitae to exhaustion as part of Vitae Efficacy Unit testing. The remaining two episodes (the sun-tanning) occurred
during the sunlight exposure tests. All biological episodes lasted less than 12 hours. Pour episodes occurred among 14th-
generation test subjects and seyen among the 15th generation.

2

may well wonder why I make so much of these petty examples of cellular activity. I know that many Cainites

their corporeal stasis, they come to find mortal physiological processes faintly repulsive. A slight growth
trivial. At most, does it not further show the weakness of the highest generations' blood, that it cannot
change? In my research, however, I found two other forms of anomalous biological activity in a thin-
e, One such instance was not of short duration, and its consequences were far from trivial.

y to perhaps the most surprising and momentous discovery in my researches — perhaps the most astounding
the history of the research of Kindred physiology.
1¢ of my correspondents reported that the Kindred of Cleveland were in an uproar about a masterless ghoul.
my past reports, such creatures exist in greater numbers than most Kindred care to believe. My
pt brought this young ghoul to my attention because he seemed not to require monthly infusions of vitae to
unnatural state. She hoped I could explain this impossibility.
y recognized the creature as a revenant, a hereditary ghoul. (I have never traced the origin of this odd
i] eave that task to the etymologists of ourkind.) In case the passing of time has dimmed my patron's redoubtable
shall summarize my last report.
‘tare occasions, a ghoul conceives a child and bears it to term — most fetuses miscarry upon the mother's
blood. Such a child, continuously exposed to Kindred vitae while in its mother's womb, might not only be born

anomalies breed amongst theniselves, their children may become self-sustaining ghouls in turn. The loathsome Tzimisce
ies of such "revenants" for more than a thousand years. To date, I have only examined specimens from two families
tace, the Bratovitches and Zantosas. Only one revenant, a Mr. Zantosa, has participated in a detailed series of
(My attempts to breed a revenant of my own have so far met with failure. I suspect that the process may involve other
yetunknown.) The prospectof anotherrevenantto examine did much to assuage my lingering griefat Mr. Zantosa'sdemise.
my immediate missive to the Prince of Cleveland proved influential enough to prevent this new revenant's execution.

al months, young "Michael Smith" (not his real name) proved an enthusiastic associate. His willing participation

~ once its purpose was clearly explained, puts the lie to claims that the younger generation of mortals hasno interest

e! Lami sure that his unannounced departure during the day was due to urgent and unavoidable responsibilities elsewhere.
test 1 conducted indicated that Michael was indeed a revenant. Although carefully monitored to prevent any

n ingesting Cainite vitae. he displayed typical ghoul characteristics, including the ability to augment muscular

|, reflexes, pain resistance and healing. Under my tutelage, he not only learned to resist the effects of grave somatic
fi.e,, Fortitude), he learned to extend his senses, thus gaining the rudiments of Auspex. A meritorious boy, indeed.
claims that he felt "different" and set apart, Michael seemed in most ways a normal, contemporary American
(Dr. Reage assures me that such feelings of alienation are virtually universal at Michael' s age.) He displayed none
aberrations which at times strained my relations with Mr. Zantosa. Michael claimed, however, that his mother

In full, Michael said that his father alone raised him in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio. He would never speak of Michael's mother.
"Mr. Smith" remarried, Michael found the changed domestic situation unpleasant and ran away to nearby Cleveland
h of his other parent. He found her, and she revealed her secret to him as an explanation for why he was "different."

"naive attempts to introduce him to Kindred society brought about the uproar that brought him to my attention.
Tinvestigated despite the manifest absurdity of the claim: A scientist must always remain open to startling claims, at least
concrete evidence is promised. I verified the identity of Michael's father, a drugstore manager in Cuyahoga Falls. "Mr.
Smith" denied any peculiarity in his first wife, but I swiftly recognized the signs of memory alteration. When I removed the

| mnemonic blocks, he confirmed Michael's story.

| Bis first wife, he said, was indeed a vampire. As with so many American families, however, the birth of a child strained
| their relationship (which must have been rather odd to begin with), and they separated. In a praiseworthy show of concern for
| the Masquerade, "Mrs. Smith' blurred her ex-husband's memory, leaving him with the belief that she had merely pursued a
nocturnal lifestyle whose peculiarity became intolerable. I myself find such mind-tampering morally repugnant, but when 1
explained my quandary to "Mr. Smith" he quite rationally accepted the importance of the Masquerade for both Kindred and

| kine. Ina stunning display of altruism, he adopted his own conclusive solution to the problem, I salute his memory:
All that remained was to locate the former "Mrs, Smith" in Cleveland. Alas, she met Final Death the week before I
| arrived, executed by the same scourge who had harassed her son. (Let me tell you, I gave the self-important fool a few stern

Cuarrir One: Twice Dawned
2B

words when I found out.) Queries among the rabble of Cleveland's Kindred, however, confirmed the identify of "Mrs,
Smith" as a vampire, believed to be of the 1Sth generation. I must regard Michael's remarkable parentage as proven.

Itappears, therefore, that two processes may generate revenants. They may be "bred up" from ghouls. Altematively, revenants may
be"bred down' from vampires. Forreasons Ishall explain below, [believe this can happen only among vampires of the 15th Generation.

To prevent confusion, such offspring ought to have a distinctive name of their own. The Gypsies of the Balkan region
have legends of such creatures; they call them dhampirs. Although these legends are surely mere coincidence — perhaps even
the result of old disinformation to protect the Masquerade — I propose using this name for the living offspring of vampires,
Itis a name we shall need: Michael may well be the first dhampir, but as the thin-blooded proliferate, he will not be the last.

T very much hope Michael returns to me. I must confess to a certain avuncular or even parental regard, particularly now
that he is an orphan, I console myself that Michael and his father had already severed their relationship.

TOWARD A THEORETICAL FRAMEWORK

Granted; The thin-blooded have both special handicaps and special abilities. Their appearance in the highest
generations can hardly be mere coincidence. Thin Blood Syndrome is no mere disease, however; it is a change in the naturé
of the Cainite race. It raises deep questions about the nature of the Curse of Caine itself. For example:

‘Why has Thin Blood Syndrome appeared in the highest generations?

Why can the highest generations manifest new Disciplines and the prophetic or clairvoyant ability of insight?

Where do seers get their visionary information?

What is the precise nature of the power within our vitae, and the peculiar physical stasis it maintains?

How can the thin-blooded break that stasis — enough that some of them can have children?

Myconclusionsare necessarily tentative. I present themas hypotheses to guide furtherinvestigationrather thanasdefinitiveanswers:
‘True comprehension of the highest generations will require decades of labor. I hope we have those decades to spend on the quest.

GENERATIONAL MUTATION

Dramatic though the differences between thin-blooded and normal vampires may be, we know of other generational
schisms, equally dramatic, within the Cainite race. To wit:

In the Third Generation, the Cainite race divided into clans. Caine himself had no clan. According to the Book of Nod,
our ancestor knew all Disciplines and had no specific, identifiable weakness. He merely endured the vulnerabilities to
sunlight, fire, e¢ cetera, that all of his progeny now share. Legends of the Second Generation speak of them as "Enoch the
Wise, Irad the Strong and Zillah the Beautiful" but do not specify any difference in their abilities. (One of my test' subjects
argues that Caine and his direct childer fulfill the technical definition of Caitiff. An amusing conceit.)

The division into clans parallels a phenomenon from evolutionary biology called cladism. In this process, one species
evolves into a cluster of related species. The process occurs when geography or habitat divide the parent stock. Darwin's
finches on the Galapagos Islands are the most famous example. A parent species of finch from South America split into
more than a dozen new species in the islands, each one adapted to liye off a different food source, in a different habitat.

Ofcourse, no comparable process operates on vampires. Evolution by natural selection requires hundreds of generations to produce
anew species, Cainite inheritance, however, is Lamarckianrather than Darwinian. Acquired characteristics very often pass to our childer,
permitting a different sort of evolution that can proceed far more rapidly. Witness the phenomenon of mimuscule bloodlines such as the
Daughters of Cacophony. My sire also documented large-scale changes within entire clans that result from selection of childer for the

Legend attributes some clan origins to a curse from Caine (the Nosferatu are the most familiar example). Other clans, however,
have no such legend; nor do their Discipline affinities or distinctive weaknesses make much sense as punishments for ancient offenses.
Thaye never met Toreador who regarded their obsession with beauty as acurse. An inconvenience at times, yes, but one they bore gladly.
Much clan "speciation" seem to derive from nothing more than the nuling passions of their Antediluvian founders, fixed in the Blood.

Some may consider speciation into clans suspect on grounds that we cannot prove the historical existence of Caine,
the Second Generation or even the Third. Some revisionist scholars even argue that Caine is mythical and that the
|Antediluyians were the true First Kindred. Others go further and cast doubt on the Antediluvians too, arguing that if we
lo not need a single progenitor to explain the Kindred race as a whole, we do not need asingle ancestor for each clan either.
that as it may; such arguments lie beyond my competence to judge.

them inadmissible as evidence fora scientific inquiry. Ican only bow my head and reply thatparabiological literature is scant.
researcher can only refer to what he has available —even compilations of legends such as the Book of Nod. The skeptic is also
ferred to Heinrich Schliemann's excavation of Troy, an archaeological triumph guided only by the "legends" of Homer.

2)


SSS See

cluded the prior statements at risk of offending my patron, yet I have done so out of scientific necessity. I
r ¢ of my patron's — and indeed, the Camarilla's — argument against the existence of "Antediluvians," yet
york by nature requires some point of is for the Cainite race. Believe me, if [had the option of discarding such
l theories as "Biblical curse," Lwould, yet nothing in my research has indicated otherwise. Until such time comes
such florid nonsense aside, I must indulge what little faith I have left.)
ous objection is that speciation has continued after the Third Generation. I cannot deny this. In some cases,
o-called bloodlines to still-extant elders (see, for instance, my sire's case study of the obscure Kiasyd lineage
Prince Marconius of Strasbourg). Speciation among every member of the Third Generation, however,
fundamental shift in the nature of the Cainite race.
nd wide-scale disjunction among Cainites comes with the Eighth Generation. All vampires of lower
given time, create at least one or two variations on powers within their Disciplines: Many Cainites regard
measure of Discipline mastery. Vampires of Eighth and higher generations, however, lose this ability. Such
manifest only a limited range of powers within each Discipline — as my sire has proved, the same range of
every vampire who leams that Discipline. This mutation occurs in every clan, whenevera Seventh Generation
sires a childe. It must be something intrinsic to the Blood and the Embrace itself.
two such examples before us, is it so remarkable that a wide-scale speciation should occur again? The changes at
Eighth Generations both imposed limits upon our race, a restriction of abilities. The change responsible forthe
generations at least has its compensations, The Blood has lost much'in power, but has gained much in versatility.
fuurthes evidence, I point to the Caitiff. Thave examined several dozen Caitiff of the 11th, 12th and 13th Generations. Only
dan unusual Discipline —in contrast with the nearly 30 percent of my highest-generation test subjects — and
black veins inher aura. She eventually confessed to reaching the 1 2th generation through diablerie (and, may Tinform
she has met her well-deserved fate from her prince). Nor have I found a vampire of 13th Generation (orlower) who
ight. The evidence strongly suggests that Discipline creation and insight are unique to vampires of the highest generations.
(Is the mass appearance of Caitiff in these latter nights another aspect of generational adaptation? I believe so, but the
a is Not so strong or certain. Most Caitiff — of any generation — apparently do have neglectful or grotesquely
grant sires, Such disgraceful Kindred could hardly have trained their own childer properly in the ways of their kind. On.
ili ‘hand, mere ignorance does not suffice as an explanation. In these sorry latter nights, childer of surprisingly low

Gabbat actively repudiate their clan cailture and sire withrwild'abandon... but the brave souls who dare to study the
report no wholesale breakdown of clan identity into Caitiff mongrelism at every generation. The weakening of the
certainly predisposes the siring of Caitiff, butit seems that good training can compensate until the highest generations.)
fone grants that certain "mutations" automatically appear as the Blood weakens with each generation from Caine, one must
hatis mutating? What, exactly, isitin the Blood that carries the Curse of Caine and how does ittransform kine into Kindred?

THE NATUREOF THE EMBRACE

Tamsure my readers all remember their own Embrace. I shall never forget when my sire gave me death and immortality.
e Embrace is so transcendent (for both sire and childe) that few truly scientific studies of ithave ever been done (I believe
of Tzimisce study it intensely, but [would hardly call their lunatic experiments scientific). Divine or diabolical
may be — or both — but that does not mean we must close our eyes in holy awe and refuse to gaze upon it.
\e ‘The light of scientific truth will never strike us blind for our presumption.
Something passes to the childe from the sire's vitae, but what? Pure biology cannot explain the transformation from kine
f ‘to Kindred. No virus could spread through the nascent childe' 's body so rapidly, or wreak such a profound metamorphosis. Nor
"has any study of vitae, however detailed, identified any distinctive chemical or biological agent that could cause the Embrace.
.a physical sense, vitae consists of nothing more than the degraded remains of cells, platelets and other components of mortal
blood. The agent that transforms mortal blood into immortal vitae cannot be material at all.
{ Kine science knows only about Maner and Energy. It does not accept the idea of "spiritual" entities. (And it will not, so long
__asmy distinguished colleagues retain their influence in mortal academia. Nomatter how much we might enjoy a wider collaboration
our mortal colleagues, the Masquerade must come first.) We Kindred, however, know from abundant personal experience about
whole other categories of being. When I project my sensorium out of my body, ‘instantly sending it to a location hundreds of miles
away, Icannot deny that consciousness may exist apart from corporeality. When I meet another such psychic traveler and tap him
‘on the shoulder, I must even accept the existence of the soul as a vehicle for consciousness distinct from the body.
Therefore, the lack of any physical agent does not push the Embrace beyond the reach of science. The Embrace merely
_ draws science into new fields of inquiry, into the nature of the soul and its interactions with the body. It would seem that
the tiny quantity of vitae given in the Embrace is merely a physical vehicle for a spiritual agent of tremendous power.

Charmer One: Twice Dave
25


Although no physical virus passes from sire to childe, viral infection remains a fruitful metaphor for the Embrace. A
virus invades a cell. usurps its genetic predisposition, and thereby transforms the cell into a birthing chamber for more
viruses, which can infect other cells in turn. Viruses are also used in genetic engineering to implant benign genes, such as
agene to make insulin. Ina similar way, I hypothesize that the Embrace passes a spiritual "virus" fromthe sire to the childe.
This transfusion of supernatural force swiftly transforms the childe's body and soul.

I need not dwell on the obvious changes to the body. The changes to the soul are equally dramatic, imposing' he |
ferocious instincts we personify as the Beast. My ghoul colleague Dr. Reage has made extensive study of the Beast; allow
me to summarize her papers on the subject.

Dr. Reage sees no justification for viewing the Beast as a demonic force intruding on the actin eeacre:
unfortunately, all too human. Normal, properly socialized humans keep their vicious, instinctual "dark side" suppressed. No matter
how heinous the acts some mortals may commit, mosthumans do not go about killing, robbing and raping each other —butthe urges
do exist. Freud dubbed these repressed instincts and personality traits the Id: Dr. Reage prefers C. G. Jung's term: the Shadow.

In the Embrace, the Shadow gains a terrible, monomaniacal power. The conscious mind can no longer fully repress
it. Among monals, the Shadow can actually evolve into. a complex personality in its own right. Among Kindred, however,
the Shadow seems to concentrate into hunger, rage and a primordial fear of fire and sunlight, the forces that most swiftly
destroy our kind. In some ways these instincts act to protect the vampire, but the Beast' s inability to plan, negotiate orengage
in any sort of rational or social activity renders it deeply dysfunctional. Dr. Reage speculates that therapy on the Jungian
model might help Cainites and ghouls re-integrate the Beast and thereby weaken it — but that is a subject for another paper.

On the other hand, the infected, mutated soul gains tremendous paranormal powers. Our Disciplines (so many of them
explicitly psychic, concerned with influencing the mind or soul of others) can have no other source: In most eases, no
physiological change at all occurs in a vampire using a Discipline. Most Disciplines do not even involve moving the Blood
about. Nor is it the heart that pushes the Blood into our limbs when we heighten our physical prowess.

The viral metaphor continues: The childe's abilities resemble the sire's. One cannot deny the importance of
temperament and early training in determining a childe's propensity for various Disciplines, but one also cannot deny the
power of the Blood. My research subjects prove that weil enough: "Carlos," for instance, knew nothing of clans, but could
identify him as a Ventrue from his inability to consume blood that did not come from a Hispanic vessel (see my previous
paper on clan identification for the double-blind procedures used).

The "vampire virus," however, never replicates perfectly. Each infected soul carries less power than the soul thatintected
it. This culminates with the 15th Generation, where the "Curse of Caine" becomes so weak that it cannot transmit itself at all.

The" virus" can mutate, as well. [have already mentioned the oddly "pre-programmed" changes at certain generations.
Rare mutations also cause new "bloodlines" to appear. Exposure to powerful, paranormal forces seems to cause atleastsome
of these spontaneous "mutations." (The Kiasyd's founder, for instance, is said to have mutated from consuming large
quantities of "faerie blood' — if one can believe such rusticism.)

The viral model also seems to explain many traits of ghouls. The "virus" can also infect the souls of living beings and at
least partly mutate them. Living beings, however, seem far less susceptible. Neither body nor soul change so radically, Onthe
one hand, although the soul can prevent the ghoul from aging, normal physiological and metabolic functions also continue.
Since the ghoul's body does not transform so drastically, ghouls lack Kindred vulnerabilities to fire and sunlight. On the other:
hand, the ghoul receives far less paranormal power. The ghoul's domitor must even re-infect it at least once a month.
Apparently, the connection toa living body grants the soul an "immune system" that eventually purges the supernatural virus.

The soul of a developing embryo, however, may be much weaker. Someone ghouled from conception — or whenever it is that
the soul first manifests — might gain a permanent partial infection. (Letme repeat that unknown factors might influence whether
ornotthis occurs.) Such an individual isarevenant, A dhampirsuch as "Michael" would gain the infection from his vampiric mother.
If, as I suspect, a male yampire can father a dhampir child ona mortal woman, the virus would travel in the father's semen.

The viral hypothesis raises many unanswered questions. For instance, can one create an analogue to a vaccine? This would
render a mortal impossible to ghoul or Embrace (though the benefit to the mortal is dubious at best). Can some process induce
the permanent low-leyel infection of a revenant or dhampir in a mortal adult? Can one re-infect vampires to change their clan or
remove Blood-bome weaknesses? I suspect that at least some Nosferatu and Samedi might like to "transfuse" to anotherclan, as'
it were, and regain their human appearance. Can the Embrace even be reversed? I myself have no faith in or desire for a "cure;
but a serum to change vampires back into mortals would be a powerful yet oddly Humane weapon against one's rivals.

UNDEAD OR UNALIVE?

The most obvious explanation for our peculiar nature, then, is that the infected, transformed and empowered soul
animates the new vampire's body. Without that animating force, a vampite's body is merely a cadayer. The soul likewise
prevents decay (orsuspends the body at an appearance of advanced decay, in the case of the Samedi) and repairs any damage

26


WI
cause Final Death outright. This has been the conyentional wisdom. Certainly, the body of a vampire who has
soul elsewhere greatly resembles a corpse. But is this view accurate?
es of biological activity among the thin-blooded cast doubt upon this interpretation. Even the mightiest
jeannat grow his hair by so muchas a millimeter. The flesh-warping Tzimisce are no exceptions: ‘They' transform
thout any real metabolism. Supposedly, the Tremere know rites to restore a semblance of life in various ways.
‘Tremere consents to let Kindred science scrutinize these rites, | will presume that they do notinvolve any genuine
‘activity either. So how can the thin-blooded break a stasis against which even a Methuselah struggles in 2
'4 weakened curse should permit the fires of life (o flicker again, however faintly or briefly, suggests another possible
1 We are not cadavers animated in. a semblance of life, but still-living creatures held ina deathly stasis by the Curse.
readers may consider this a "half empty/half full" distinction. We receive the Embrace when we hover atthe point
. but even for mortals, death itself proves surprisingly hard to define. The tissues of the body do not die at once
, Under optimum conditions, a person can seem utterly dead for more than an hour yet medical science can.
~ appears that we Cainites truly are caught in a perpetually arrested death, neither truly alive nor truly dead. —
thin-blooded, the Curse of Caine cannot hold the body in perfect stasis. This is no mere speculation on my part.
their cells shows that the thin-blooded are still at least partly alive, but with a greatly retarded metabolism.
Kindred scholar knows the difficulties of studying vampire tissues int vitro. Without constant infusion of vitae,
to rot or crumble into dust. With a specially constructed microscope, however, one can examine tissues while they
the body. I chose the inside of the cheek for initial examination: In mortals, cheek cells reproduce constantly (they,
conveniently large). Each night, each test subject had one cheek split and everted. Teams of assistants watched
inuously through the microscopes. Nota night went by without at least one cell caught in the act of mitosis.
Nor are cheek cells the only ones demonstrated to reproduce. In subsequent experiments, fingernails were removed
t-growing cells at the base of the nail could be observed. Here too, scattered mitosis takes place in the thin-blooded. _
"Admittedly, cell reproduction proceeded at a much slower rate than in mortals. Processes that mortal cells accomplish
es, require hours for the thin-blooded. I have documented dozens of Kindred cell reproductions using tinea :
aphy; 1 will send copies to those who are interested.

is hypothesis still has one great flaw: When the thin-blooded meet Final Death, they crumble into dust just like any
vampire. I can only speculate that however the Curse of Caine holds back the effects of time and entropy, the soul's
departure causes some sort of entropic backlash. I find it significant that while-a dead ghoul crumbles to dust
phas built up many decades of deferred aging, a neonate who meets Final Death a few nights Src Saya

5 as thoroughly as the most superannuated elder:

‘Ordoes this take place in all vampires — but atan So ae ge eee Some ie St

that might take decades to complete are formidable indeed. Yet some night, somehow, the experiment must be done,

y é Kindred exist in a state of arrested life rather than arrested death might seem like philosophical hairspliting. redolent
‘angels and pins. May I remind my readers that the divisibility of the atom once seemed like an obscure trifle as well?

_ If nothing else, the half-living state of the thin-blooded renders the dhampir somewhat less miraculous. If a vampire's

dy tissues can revive fora short time, it becomes conceivable that they may reactivate for a long time. If a cheek cell or

. Bs pears: to acne seis a pleat leap ftom afew hours of fade growth ta nite moult ofpremtancy, (The lake Ste Suan
tified to ""Michae's" length of gestation. I cannotexplain why a ghoul's pregnancy should triple or quadruple in length — assuming
does notterminate— when" Mrs, Smith's" didnot.) can only speculate that the living embryo itself somehow prolongs the vivification,
fthe womb. I regard Dr. Reage's comment ever to underestimate the power of the maternal instinct as needlessly flippant.
_Fiyeofmy female test subjects have agreed to try conceiving children. I know of a local procurator whose gigolos would make
| adequate (and, if necessary, disposable) sperm donors. I require only an assurance of continued funding to begin the experiment.
_ Twould also like to try breeding a dhampir the other way, so to speak. For a somewhat higher fee, the procurator will
"permitme to retain several of his "girls" in situ on an extended basis. My experiments in conscious reactivation of biological
| function led to the final instance of anomalous biological activity. Male vampires of the 15th generation (butno others) can
| produce a sort of semen containing motile (and, I assume, viable) sperm suspended in vitae.
| This isactually one of the easier biological functions to activate (Dr. Reage's comments on this were both cryptic and,
| Tbelieve, sarcastic), On two occasions, test subjects even reported the activity as pleasurable. Ileave the details to Appendix
| Four. as I have no desire to turn this paper into a Cainite Kinsey Report.

THe SOURCE OF INSIGHT

We must consider insight separately from other aspects of the highest generations. As a scientist, 1 cannot offer
explanations fora phenomenon whose very existence I cannot prove. Most of the time, I must take the word of my seers that"

11


TAD

Hello, I am Wendy. Dr. Netchurch:says I shouldn't tell anyone my real name. Dr. Netchurch
asked me to tell you about my visions. We cali them insight. Mamma said to thank people
who do things for you so thank you Dr. Netchurch for keeping me safe and letting me write
to so many impertant people. And thank you Dr. Reage for helping me with my spelling and
being my friend.

Sometimes I know things but don't know how I know them. Sometimes I see whole pictures
like a TV. It's always about other Kindred (Dr. Reage tells me that's the polite word for
us) or about people who serve us or things one of us uses a lot. It's never about other
people or stuff. I think that is because I am a Kindred and other Kindred matter most to
me. If I was still a normal person then other people would matter most to me. But if I
was living I wouldn't have visions at all so the point is'moot. (That's something Dr. Reage
says a lot, It means it doesn't matter.)

Mostly I see TV pictures of other Kindred's past, especially what they did to other
Kindred or what other Kindred did to them. A lot of times these aren't nice things. Sometimes
I see pictures of a Kindred's future and these are always bad things. I think a lot of
us are going to die. I don't know when' but soon.

I don't like seeing these pictures but I can't change channels or turn off the TV because
it is in my head. I asked Dr. Netchurch if he could turn the TV off. He says no, he doesn't
even know what turned the TV on. He says the insight is very important though and I should
tell someone or write down my visions whenever I have them. Dr. Netchurch is very smart
and a good man so I will do this even when the visions are bad.

I think I know where the visions come from. I cannot. prove it because I am only ‘one
person (that's what Dr. Netchurch says) but I know for myself. After we all had the vision
about Dr. Netchurch and Mr. Trimagain we all slept a long time. When I woke up Dr. Reage
hypnotized me to help me remember my dreams. I also remembered what happened when I was
Embraced because it was the same thing.

When T was Embraced I didn't wake up at first the way Dr. Netchurch says most Kindred
do. Instead I was asleep for a whole day. My boyfriend Kevin must have thought I was really-—
truly-dead because when I woke up next night he was gone and I never saw him again.

While I was-asleep (Dr. Netchurch calls it torpor) I dreamed I was in'Seattlie (my home
town) but it was all dark and broken-down and rotten. Then the street broke under me and
I fell inte a big storm. While the wind blew me around I saw lots of things. IE dreamed
about lots of peopie and old-time cities. Dr. Reage showed me pictures from books and I
think what I dreamed looked like Rome and Egypt and other places.

I still can't remember all the stuff I saw in my dreams but I think my TV pictures conie from
them. Someone or something reminds me of what I saw and I remember bits of it. I guess other seers
fell into the storm and saw things too. When Mr. Trimagain helped us all remember together, we
must have remembered lots more because many hands make light work like Mamma said.

The last thing I dreamed was that the storm blew me into another city. This was all
skyscrapers of black and stone arid iron. There was a parade of people all chained together
walking toward a king who had a burning mark on his forehead. I got scared and looked around
for Kevin but I didn't see him. I ran around looking for him until I bumped' into a nice
old man who called himself Captain Doshus. He said that I was early and had' to go back.
He pointed which way to: go and then T woke up,

When I was in torpor again after meeting Mr. Trimagain, I dreamed I was back-in the storm.
I saw more stuff then but even with Dr. Reage hypnotizing me I can't remember much of it.
Just that I saw a lot about other Kindred and the older they were the more there was to see.
Dr. Reage says IT was asleep for a week but it didn't seem very long to me.

I know that some of what I've seen in visions is real because other people knew about it.
Dr. Netchurch calls this..independent.. corroboration. I have a guess about why I dreamed about
the past and future. I remember Pastor saying that God knows everything because He's outside
everything, even time. When we're dead in Heaven we'll be outside time just like He is and will
see the past and future like they were happening right now. That's what he said eternity really
means. Being in torpor is awful close to being dead. Maybe when I was in torpor I was so close
to being dead that I was outside time a little too. I'mnot smart like Dr. Netchurch but he says
he can't think of any better explanation so that's what I'11 believe.

that's all I know. Thank you for reading this. Please help Dr. Netchurch do science
as fast as he can. I don't think he has much time,

Tove oF TH Boon
28

they hada clairvoyant experience, Forcing a telepathic link to share the experience is just as difficult as forcing the clairvoyant
episode itself. [can only verify that they sincerely believe in its existence. ([haye encountered and exposed two neonates who
pretended to be "psychic" in hopes of profiting from the gullibility of others, Princes who wish to test self-proclaimed seers
‘should contact the local Skeptic's Society; its members can give advice on how to debunk paranormal fakers.)
Once more, research subject "Wendy" provides the most interesting speculations. Wendy, is ignorant, virtually
it and mildly retarded. She was Embraced at the physical age of 17. Dr. Reage places her mental age as between 10
‘and 12. On the other hand, she also has eidetic memory and can retrieve the smallest details of conversations, pictures and
othercomplex events more than a year later. She also produces insight "phenomena" more often than any other seer (though
never of sufficient detail to satisfy a determined skeptic).
___ Wendy believes her insight derives from her anomalous prolonged Embrace. Based on her account, she remained "dead"
" forapproximately 11 hours before awakening as a vampire. All but one of my seers also claims that after their Embrace they lay
_ inadeath-coma for some period. So far, this and their generation are the only common factors'I have found among the seers I
" have Studied. May [remind my readers that correlation is not proof, but it lends at least some credence to Wendy's speculations.
__ Hoping to verify at least some aspect of this hypothesis, Dr. Reage and I attempted hypnotic regression on all test
_ subjects who had a "delayed Embrace," whether they were seers or not. The results were inconclusive. Most subjects first
F "remembered a conventional Near-Death Experience (NDE) as documented by numerous kine researchers. Dr. Reage has
" found that many Kindred experienced separation from the body, the tunnel of light and other classic NDE phenomena
during their Embrace. My delayed-Embrace subjects, however, claim that they did not return to their bodies right away.
| Instead they experienced a period of darkness, terror and a feeling of helpless paralysis or overpowering turbulence. Three
subjects also claimed they saw disconnected, dreamlike images passing too quickly for them to catch any details.
___ Only Wendy claims to remember any distinct scenes from this hallucinatory state. At this point, I think it best to let her speak in
" PRECEDENTS IN BARLY LITERATURE
___ Surprisingly, Wendy's hypothesis is notas naive as it sounds. This illiterate childe seems to have independently arrived
"ata very old idea: In death and sleep, the soul gains a supernal wisdom and vision of the past and future. Several Classical
"Writers attest to this belief, for instance:
+ For if the Daemones be souls and spirits separated from bodies and having no communication with them, as you
_ affirm, but according to the divine poet Hesiod,
___ "Are our kind guardians, walking here their rounds," why do we deprive the spirits and souls which are in bodies of
" the same power by which Daemones may foresee and foretell things to come? For it is not likely souls do acquire any
property and power, when they abandon their bodies, wherewith they were not endowed before; but rather, we should
think that they had always the same parts, but in a worse degree, when they were mixed with bodies...
— Plutarch, Why the Oracles Cease to Give Answers, Section 39
* Then the soul is left free to reach out and seek to comprehend things as yet unknown to it, things that have been,
"are now or yet to be.
— Pilato, The Republic, Book IX
+ During sleep, Aristotle says, when the soul is alone, it recovers its own peculiar nature and prophesies and foretells
the future. It is in this state also during its separation from bodies at death. Certainly, too, he accepts the poet Homer as
having observed this fact; for Homer represents Patroclus when he is being killed as prophesying the slaying of Hector,
and Hector as prophesying the death of Achilles.
\ — Sextus Empiricus, Against the Physicists, "On God"
' As any historian of science knows, endorsement of an idea by Classical authors is hardly proof. On the other hand,
_ ancient philosophers also made some strikingly accurate guesses (Lucian of Samosata and atomic theory, for one). They
_ are at least a Starting point for investigation since, as I have said, at present we have nothing better.

| SOCIAL IMPLICATIONS

Can Thin Blood Syndrome be cured? I know of one remedy, from the case (mentioned above) of the 12th-generation
vampire with a novel Discipline. She found her cure through diablerie. Ido not think anyone will endorse this as a Solution
to the problem of Thin Blood Syndrome.

urge my readers, however, to view the highest generations as an opportunity rather than a problem. They can play valued
toles in Kindred society — roles that should make diablerie seem much less attractive to them. Surely, all can see the advantage
ofnew Disciplines in our ongoing struggle to quash the Sabbat and preserve the Masquerade. (Carlos has agreed toteachhis "Sleep

Caarter One: Twice Dawn
29


ro)
Whammy" in return for contributions to the research fund.) Insight may offer valuable clues to the actions cated
progenitors; such clues could prove vital to our self-preservation. Murdering seers and inceptors is a criminal waste of resources.

Most importantly, the thin-blooded offer a solution to one of the most intractable problems facing elder Cainites; the debility
called"Methuselah'' s Thirst, "ansnability tosnstain oncest fon anything butthe vite of other vampires: ‘Wellenough;theeldestamong ,

tend to be fatal for the younger vampire as the Methuselah takes as much vitae as itcan. Many have heard rumors of degenerate elders"
whoactually sire childerjustto "fatten them up" and diablerize them few nights later. The thin-blooded, however, cannot blood
bonds at all. A Methuselah could feed upon a vampire with Thin Blood Syndrome repeatedly, without fear of binding f
neonate. Surely, many of the highest generations would gladly trade their vitae for protection and tutelage. e

Thave heard that in many cities, princes and their scourges strive to exterminate the highest generations. May Isuggest,
as a scientist and a concerned member of our race; that this practice should cease. Some quote the Book of Nod to justify.
their purges, citing verses such as "Beware those who walk without a clan, for they will be our undoing." Itamazes
on the eve of the 21st century, such ancient rubbish can still rale the thoughts of so many.

POSTSCRIPT

There you haye my research to date, and the conclusions I have drawn from it. I beg my readers' forgiveness for my
letting speculation run ahead of data, but so many fascinating questions remain to be answered. Can two vampires of the' |
15th Generation spawn a dhampir, or must one parent be mortal? Will dhampirs breed true; as revenants sometimes do?
What mechanism of speciation produces the thin-blooded? Can Thin Blood Syndrome be ameliorated by some means other —
than diablerie? Can insight be induced in other vampires? Can stronger-blooded vampires become inceptors? I plead with:
may patron and my distinguished colleagues for further study. Research into the highest generations may well explain the
deepest mysteries of our undead condition, at last giving us true control over the Curse of Caine.

T would also like to address certain criticisms of my work. If these persons confined themselves to disputing my data
and hypotheses, I would have no quarrel with them. Science thrives on such constructive criticism: Many of my critics,
however, have slid into gross ad hominem attacks upon my sanity and my moral character. Some have even compared me:
to those mad butchers among the loathsome Tzimisce clan of the Sabbat. $

Such insults hurt more than I can say. My research has ever been guided by a desire to improve the lot of the Kindred.
Just as other branches of science have improyed all our lives and unlives, so may parabiology. Truth, however, does not come
easily. Itis never found without struggle and pain. Laccept this. Lask nothing of my research subjects that Ido not ask of myself.

May [ repeat: All my research subjects, Kindred and kiné, are voluntéers. \t is trae, many protested in fear when they first heard
‘of the experiments in which Ihoped they would take part. Such is the dread which unscrupulous purveyors of superstition have wrapped —
around science in the popular media. Yet, when I explained the potential benefits of my work to them, and the safety precautions I would
use, all eventually agreed. None were compelled in any way and [have the release forms to prove it. Many even expressed enthusiasm
at this chance to part the veils of ignorance and help their fellow creatures. Not one has ever suffered pain that.was not completely —
necessary. Very few of them have to be retired at the end of research, and even that is done in a gentle and painless manner, —

My research is humane. I will open my laboratory to anyone who doubts me. Itis the apostles of. ‘ignorance whe should,
examine their consciences.

Tremain most hunibly and respectfully yours,

Dr. Douglas Netchurch

Childe of Trimeggian
Childe of Addemar
Childe of Lamdiel
Childe of Malkav
-AND: sTRt ILES "ANOMALOUS
HARD Fa BIOLOGICAL Activity"

This section addresses the various game-mechani- Athin-blooded vampire can sometimes reactivate partofits
cal factors that distinguish the thin-blooded from xcrcal metabolism. Minoreffects (suchas growinga five-o clock
other vampires. Main subjects are listed inalphabeti- 4. Gow, menstruating or feeling hungry for real —-
cal order. blood) can spontaneously occur whenever a

Tine oF Tn Buon

30

is many blood points in a short time. The most
is healing an aggravated wound — especially if
spends a Willpower point to heal more than one
‘of aggravated damage in a night. Such minor,
effects are best left to the Storyteller's discretion.
in-blo vampire wants to reactivate some mortal
function fora night, she can spend a Willpower point
five blood points. (This doesn't suffer the doubling
it most vitae expenditure receives.) Being seen to spit
fa now and then or to need a shave are good ways to
Masquerade or throw witch-hunters off the track.

te "anomalous biological activity," thin-blooded vam-
donotageanymore than theirstronger-bloodedsires.

ING Foop
The thin-blooded still cannot digest mortal food or
burthey can at least hold it down fora few hours before
‘must vornit itup again (anormal vampire vomits within
), If Storytellers need a more definite rule, the char-
‘must make a successful Stamina roll (difficulty 7) each
twhold down the food. If the roll fails, she throws up the
food, generally amid a bloody shower of vitae.
_ Generous Storytellers may allow a thin-blooded vam-
toactually digest food if the player expends a Willpower
and five blood points to reactivate her character's
system for a few hours. In that case, the vampire
‘no more than one blood point of sustenance from a full
— rather an expensive trade.

"PReGNaNcy AND CONCEPTION
Only vampires of the 15th Generation can become preg-
‘orget someone else pregnant. Deciding when sex results in

pregnancy is left completely to the tender mercies of the Story-

| teller. A vampire who deliberately wants to get pregnant, or to
| impregnate a woman, can expend a Willpower point and five

blood points to reactivate the necessary anatomy. She still
| teceivesno more than a 20 percent chance of success, even with
| allotherfactors optimized. The resultingchildisbornadhampir,
| aself-sustaining ghoul from birth... assuming the conception,
| pregnancy and birth take place unhindered.

Such strange pregnancies only havea 50 percent chance

| of carrying to term. Otherwise, they miscarry. This rule

I applies whether the mother is a 15th-generation vampire or

" amortal. The Storyteller really ought to make this decision
| according to what would make a better story, though, instead
of leaving it to the fall of the dice.

Can a 15th-generation male vampire impregnate a 15th-

generation female vampire? Intuition says that this can't happen

—apregnancy should require a spark of genuine life. Then again,

there's something wonderfully weird (or disgusting, or horrific,

| depending on one's point of view) about two vampires having a

baby. This possibility is left to the discretion of individual Story-
tellers. Characters (and their players) should never know the exact
limits of a thin-blooded vampire's reactivated biology.

BLoop Usace

Kindred of the highest generations have 10 blood points,
but some functions cost double the normal number of blood
points. Also, thin-blooded vampires cannot necessarily ex-
pend all their blood points as they please.

14TH GENERATION

14th-generation vampires can use their last two blood
points only for survival through the day, sustaining ghouls,
giving the Embrace or feeding another vampire (for instance,
to create a blood bond). They cannot spend those last two
points on Disciplines, raising Attributes or healing wounds.
This is purely a factor of generation, though, regardless of
whether the character has the Thin Blood Flaw or not.

15TH GENERATION

A 15th-generation vampire can spend its last four blood
points only on waking up or feeding another vampire (the
former will never blood bond the latter, though). To use other
functions of vitae, they must have at least six blood points in
theirsystem (remember, every other function has double cost).

Waxinc Up
The blood point cost just to survive through the day remains
the same for the thin-blooded: one blood point every evening.

BLoop Bonn

Fourteenth-generation vampires without the Thin Blood
Flaw follow the normal procedure for creating a blood bond:
Feed one blood point of your vitae to a mortal or another
vampire on three successive occasions, Other thin-blooded
vampires, however, can never blood bond another being.

CREATING AND SUSTAINING GHOULS
Vampires with the Thin Blood Flaw cannot create or
sustain ghouls. Neither can vampires of the 15th Generation.

Doustien Costs

This rule applies only to 15th-generation vampires, or 14th-
generation vampires who actually have the Thin Blood Flaw. Any
Discipline power that uses vitae has double cost; i.e., if a normal
vampire would have to expend one blood point to use a power, a
vampire with thin blood must expend two. This also applies to
raising Physical Attributes: Eachadditional dorofStrength, Dexter-
ityorStamina costs two blood pointsinstead ofone. Healing wounds
also has double cost. To heal an aggravated wound, a vampire with
thin blood must bum through 10 blood points! That's very bad for
thehighest generations; theyneed to "tefill"atleastoncebeforethey
can finish healing a single aggravated wound.

DISCIPLINES
A 14th-generation vampire cannotleam any Discipline past
the fourth level. A L5th-generation vampire is limited to the third
level of their Disciplines. The only ways to surpass those limits are
Golconda... or lowering one's generation through diablerie.
On the other hand, vampires in the highest generations can
create new Disciplines. Any vampire of 14th or 15th Generation

Charter One: Twice Damen

3

TERMINOLOGY AND SLANG

Just to make it perfectly clear: The thin-blooded are the
vampires of the 14th and 15th Generations —alsocalled the
highest or last generations. If a vampire is 14th ‘or 15th
generation, it isthin-blooded, even ifitdoes notactually have
the Thin Blood Flaw. As far as this book is concerned, thin-
blooded and "highest generations" mean the same thing.
Even ifa vampire of 13th Generation, or lower, has the Thin
Blood Flaw, however, she cannot create. Disciplines, have
Insight or have the other special abilities described in this
book, Confused? Don't be — instead; tse this lapse in unam-
biguous terminology to sow the seeds of confusion in the
characters. The thin-blooded are so new aphenomenon that
very few Kindred have Dr. Netchutch's degree of familiarity
with them — even thin-blooded chatacters themselves.

Other terms of frequent relevance to the thin-
blooded include:

* Anarch: A vampire who rebels against Camarilla
authority, but who doesn't join the Sabbat either. Most
anarchs form small gangs with little power or purpose; this
is the Anarch Moyement most Camarilla vampires see. A
few anarchs, however, make serious attempts to find other
ways for the Kindred to order themselves. The -anarchs
actually comprise vampires endorsing a wide variety of
social-and political platforms, from would-be dictators to.
social democrats who want to end the Masquerade and
claim kine civil rights. Many of the thin-blooded are sired
by anarchs and join the movement in turn.

* Autarkis: A vampire who survives completely on
her own, spurning (or unaware of) clan, sectand even the
anarchs: Some of the thin-blooded become autarkis by
default, just because they don't know about any groups
they could join: When they meet other vampires, they
must decide whether ro join their factions. _~

® Caitiff: A vampire who does not exhibit any clan
traits —neither any special aptitudes forsome Disciplines,
nor any archetypal physical, psychological or supernatural
weaknesses. Caitiff are exttemely common' among the
thin-blooded — but not every Caitiffis thin-blooded and.
not every thin-blooded vampire is a Caitiff. (Note that
many Kindred label as Caitiff any vampire who does not
show obvious clan traits or heritage. Storytellers are ad-
vised to remember the difference between Caitiffasasocial
phenomenon and Caitiff as a game mechanic.)

* Clanless: A more "politically correct" term for
a Caitiff.

© Unbound: A loose social movement of anarch
vampires who reject traditional dominance by élders and
division into clans. Some Unbound get quite evangelical
on the subject — to the'annoyance of other vampires.

And here are some new terms, ones all con-
cemed with the thin-blooded:

© Abactor: Old Form: Literally a "cattle thief,"
yampire who poachés on another vampire's hunting
grounds. Thin-blooded vampires often become abactors—
without knowing it. Camarilla princes sometimes punish
this behavior as a violation of the. Tradition of Doma
The Sabbat just doesn't like trespassers.

* Ayetrol: Old Form: An obscure word for'a bastard.
child. Among the Kindred, an avetrol is an illegitimate —
childe whom the prince permits to exist, even though :|

Embrace violated the Tradition of Progeny. Many of the
thin-blooded are illegitimate. To become accepted in the
Camarilla as an avetrol, they must show some. special" g
usefiilness to the Kindred in power (or acquire some really a
good blackmail information). A
© Cleaver: Vulgar Argot. A vampire who tries to
maintain a relatively normal human family life. |

* Cockalorum: Old Form. A vociferous and abrasive |
leader of an anarch gang, or any weak vampire who acts —
like a big shot:

* Comprador: Old Form. A vampire who works for /
some other supematural being, such as a mage, fae or a
mummy; or another supernatural employed by a vampire.
The thin-blooded Depend more often than —
‘other vampires do."

¢ Fluke! Vulgar Argot. Anvanngte theese batons
ral powers, such as Insight, apersonal Disciplineora supernatural —
Merit. Sometimes this name applies to any vampire. 2

* Homebody: Vulgar Argot. Another word foraCleaver. |

* Inceptor: Old Form: The inventor of a new Disci:
pline or founder of a distinct bloodline (often these are on
and the same). In times past, only Antediluvians and thei
childer or grandchilder earned such'a title (for instance, ~
the Assamites regard their Antediluvian as an inceptor
bécatise they claim he invented Quietis): Applying sucha
rare and exalted title to thin-blooded dregs of the Cainite |
race leaves a bitter taste in the mouths of elders. q

* Prometheus: Another name for an inceptor, intro |
duced and favored by the Unbound movement. ]

© Rastacouere: Old Form. A-vampire whose identity

(clan, age orsect) is suspected of being less tespectable than
claimed. Example: a Caitiffwhoclaimsto be the grandchilde ©
of adistinguished Ventrue prince.

* Seer: Common Usage. A vampire who receives"
visions through the power of Insight:

© Snoop: Vulgar Argot. A less polite word for a See:
Also Psychic, Dreamer, Tattletale.

2

tt

=

Tine oF Ten Bion

32

'

|

i

., whether she isa Caitiff or not. Conversely,
or lower generation cannot invent Disciplines.
n-blooded vampire lowers his generation at all
slerie, she loses her ability to invent Disciplines.
continue to develop a Discipline she already in-
and of course she can still learn new Disciplines
vampires, (The Stoneman, a legendary low-
Caitiff who supposedly invented several
must have been a very successful diablerist.)
vampires can learn the Disciplines invented by a
d vampire. Naturally, the Discipline always has
anexperience point costs, and no "normal" vampire
can begin play knowing a Discipline created by a
d vampire. Characters must play through the
fora tutor and the learning process.

‘Point costs aside, the Storyteller may impose whatever
difficulties she wants on learning a novel Discipline
rule applies to learning any new Discipline, not just the
Disciplines invented by the thin-blooded). Some
es believe that learning another vampire's Discipline
drinking her blood. A few claim that diablerie speeds
ing process by capturing and assimilating the other
'ssoul. Not that any vampire outside the Sabbat ever

is to committing diablerie to test the theory...
‘See below fora discussion of creating personal Disciplines.

He EMBRACE
The thin-blooded differ from other vampires in two
"significant ways where the Embrace is concerned.
Giyinc
Ifal4th-generation vampire with the Thin Blood Flaw triesto
| Embracea mortal human, 80 percentof the time the mortal simply
| ‘dies A 14th-generation vampire who lacks that Flaw can Embrace
 pomally. A 15th-generation vampire cannot Embrace at all.

RECEIVING
Normally, the Embrace takes place very quickly: Less than a
minute after she tastes Cainite vitae, the bloodless and dying
mortal rises again as a vampire. By the 13th generation, though,
| the Curse of Caine has weakened so much that sometimes it takes
effect more slowly. Minutes or even hours may pass between
mortal death and undead rebirth. A thin-blooded childe might
well remain a corpse for the better part of a night and day, only
rising as a vampire upon the next nightfall. After the childe
awakens, however, it takesnormal damage from sunlight. Thesun
never destroys a nascent childe, though: An obscure Providence
makes sure that the change never takes place during the day. No
‘one knows why, though several vampires have made guesses.
More than halfofall Seers had a delayed Embrace, compared
to one in five for the highest generations as a whole. Once more,
however, no actual rule determines when a childe has a delayed
Embrace: The Storyteller has total discretion. Delayed Embrace
exists to add drama and mystery to a character's prelude.
Ifacharacter sires a thin-blooded childe in the course of play,
the Storytellermustdecide whetherornotadelayed Embrace would

|

|

improve the story. A delayed Embrace becomes especially dramatic
when thesirehas the Thin Blood Flaw: Will the prospective childe
revive, orisshereally and truly dead? A delayalsoadds tension when
an Embrace happens near dawn, and the sire suddenly faces the
challenge of hiding the body until the next nightfall.

INSIGHT

Only the thin-blooded can have the prophetic power
called Insight. What's more, if a Seer — a character with
Insight — lowers her generation at all through diablerie, she
loses her Insight. Whatever strange power links the thin-
blooded to the Great Beyond, diablerie breaks the connection,

In rules terms, Insight is treated as a Background. It is
discussed in more detail in Chapter Three.

STAHING

Some features of the thin-blooded stay the same, even
for the 15th generation. A stake through the heart affects the
thin-blooded just as it does any other vampire.

SUNLIGHT

14th-generation vampires suffer aggravated damage anda
normal chance of Rétschreck from sunlight. It doesn't matter
whether they have the Thin Blood Flaw or not. Fifteenth-
generation vampires, however, do not take aggravated damage
from sunlight. Instead they take lethal damage — the same sort
they would take from a blade or bullet. They can soak the
damage from sunlight with their Stamina, without the need for
Fortitude. Sunlight still never inflicts more than three health
levels of damage per turn, even with maximum exposure.

The intensity of the sunlight still determines the difficulty of
the soak roll. Faint sunlight, such as twilight ora heavily overcast
day, carries a soak difficulty of 3; but bright, direct sunlight still
carries a soak difficulty of 10. A botch on the soak roll also still
means the vampire has caught fire and automatically takes extra
health levels of damage thereafter — and this fire damage is
aggravated! See Vampire: The Masquerade, pp. 227 and 232, for
the details about sunlight damage and soak difficulties.

Perhaps because they don't take such serious damage from it,
sunlight also is less likely to provoke Rétschreck in 15th-genera-
tion vampires. Their difficulties to resist Rétschreck from sunlight
are always two less than they would be for other vampires.

Asa result, 15th-generation vampires can endure sunlight
far more than other neonates. Bright sunlight is still pretty much
adeath sentence, but a quick dash through a shady lobby hardly
bothers them. A L5th-generation Kindred with a good supply of
blood for boosting his Stamina and healing wounds can survive
extended exposures to weak sunlight. This galls older and far
stronger vampires, who would bum ifa single sunbeam hit them.

Note, however, that fire itself stilldoes aggravated damage
to 15th-generation vampires, and may causenormal Rétschreck.

WAHING UDpIn Daytime

Thin blood gives no advantage in awakening or acting
during the day.

Cuarner One: Twice Dawe

33

oo

CREATINGA DISCIPLINE

So how does a thin-blooded character create a new Disci-
pline and become an inceptor? In a strictly game-mechanical
sense, the player has merely to plunk down the requisite experi-
ence points. That, however, is only the last stage. First the player
and Storyteller must agree on what the new Discipline can do.
Then they must work it into the ongoing story.

THe Gasy Way

The easy way to invent a new Discipline is to give an old
Discipline a facelift. Such Disciplines already exist: Serpentis
has undeniable similarities to Protean, whereas Dementation
has kinship to Dominate. It's not hard to design other
variations upon familiar Disciplines.

Then again, assorted Vampire supplements have already
presented more oddball Disciplines than any campaign could
ever need. Melpominee, Mytherceria, the assorted lost Disci-
plines from Vampire: The Dark Ages — players have no
shortage of candidates for what amount to unique new Disci-
plines. Storytellers need only say that in their campaign, there's
nosuch thingasa Kiasyd,a Daughter of Cacophony orany of the
other peculiar bloodlines presented in past supplements. And if
some of the powers in the Discipline seem out of place, one can
replace them with something that has more applicability.

THe Harp Way

If nothing else seems quite right, the player and Story-
teller can create a whole new Discipline from scratch. Here
are some guidelines — but no examples. With more than 30
Disciplines in print, additional ones would serve no purpose.

Storytellers should keep in mind that this whole system is
optional! A Storyteller does not have to allow hand-crafted
personal Disciplines in her campaign atall, orcan doall the work
of designing Discipline based upon a player's general statement
of what the Discipline can do. In case you missed that, or you
have a particularly vehement player who demands that her
character be allowed to create a unique Discipline, we reiterate.

Do not create new Disciplines unless it suits the story
or you suffer a burning urge to do so.

Too often, lazy players define their characters by their
clans or Disciplines, and giving them the impetus to behave
thus removes all sense of individuality from the character. A
character should have a reason for her character's sudden
acquisition of a new Discipline, and the Storyteller should
suffer no qualms about vetoing a player's bid for a slew of
random powers because the player thinks it would be "kewl."

DEFINING THE DIscIpLine

First, the player needs some idea about what the Discipline
will do. Each Discipline hasa theme. (Forinstance, Presence isall
about controlling other people's emotions, Auspex is a set of
sensory powers for gaining information, Protean lets vampires
change form, and so on.) A collection of powers with no under-
lying logic to connect them does not make a very good Discipline.

Do try to keep balance with the "standard" Disciplines, In
fact, personal Disciplines probably should stay weaker than the |
"old favorites." Vampires have spent thousands of years refin- |
ing the standard Disciplines to make them as powerful as they
can be. Additionally, the value of a new Discipline lies in its
ability to surprise, not to crush all opposition. An arms race |
between players to see whose character can invent the most_
powerful new Discipline rapidly becomes tedious. (Trust us on
this. We've seen it happen and it's not pretty.)

Next, the player and Storyteller must agree upon the specific
powers gained at each level of the Discipline. You need only two or
three powers to begin with. After all, a thin-blooded character
probably will notgetachance tomastereven thestandard fivelevels
ofany Discipline—letalonelevelssixandbeyond! (Remember, the
higher-level powers require a generation of seven or lower.)

The first level of any Discipline is never very powerful,
though it may be very useful. Look at the standard Discipline set:
Talking to animals, seeing in the dark or getting a second action
in a turn will not exactly make other characters fall down in.
reverence, but a clever vampire can achieve a lot with them,
Higher levels become progressively more powerful, though
exact comparisons of power level become difficult. (Is the ability
tosink into the ground really more formidable than the ability to
do aggravated damage, but less powerful than turning into a
wolf?) Fortunately, one doesn't need to agonize over the order of
powers withina Discipline. It's enough that the first-level power
is the weakest and the fifth-level power is the strongest.

Finally, the Storyteller must decide upon the game me-
chanics for each power. What dice rolls, ifany, does each power
need? Should the power cost blood points? Most of the standard
Disciplines, familiar to vampires of many clans, donotcost blood
points. The more exotic Disciplines practiced by only one clan
each, such as Vicissitude or Obtenebration, generally do cost
blood points. This limits their use (and may explain why the
"standards" became standard). Unique Discipline powersshould
probably cost blood points too, toreflect their lack of refinement.
Only the most lethal or outlandish powers, or powers that never
fail to have full effect, ought to cost Willpower points.

"Hier DIscIpLines"

Playersand Storytellersmay feel tempted tocreateacombat
super-Discipline. Resist this temptation. Killer Disciplines are
less fun than they mightsound because they aren'tgood formuch
except killing enemies. For neonate vampires (and especially the
thin-blooded), killing anyone who gets in the way isa very bad
strategy. Even ifa neonate has the super-mega-tiber-Discipline-
o'-Death, the older vampires are still so much more powerful...
and sneaky. Open, physical threats only offend them.

Wise vampiresdonoteven gratuitously kill weak, powerless
humans. Remember the Inquisition? The elders do— that's why
they enforce the Masquerade. Modern police are no joke- If the
policedon'tputan indiscreet vampire in jail to watch the sunrise,
the elders will arrange it. Peaceful methods are safer all around.

Considerations of unlife-expectancy aside, Vampire is a
storytelling game. Characters tend to face situations that are

Tine 0F Tin Biooo

34

character — not their ability to rack up a body
r who has no way to deal with problems
someone may soon become frustrating to play.

THE DISCIPLINE
the player has defined the new Discipline, the
needs to leam it. Even the highest generations don't
ie esout of theirnoses. Discoveringa Discipline

an important prt ofthe characters story, whether in
eee

4 Setesiveniencé for Storytellers, here are ae

ol of effect for each number of successes. Following this

° ld help an inceptor'snew Disciplinesta i
to the old standards.

Dinectiy DAMAGING GFFECTS =

_ Discipline powers that cause actual health levels of

ze don't need a table. Typically, shee de eee

INDIRECTLY DAMAGING EFFECTS —
oe ee

in some other way. Scorpion's Touch (Quietus
Two), which reduces the victim's: ‘Stamina, is an
| example ofan indirectly damaging effect. Use this table
| aduration for the effect is needed. <
" Theseverity ofthe effectisoften basedont

evel of Discipline mastery. Severity may also be fixed —for =

less.
ote that no handicap is truly permanent — atleast
not for vampires. If nothing, else, victims can raise lost:
Traits again with experience points: A
move many other indirectly damaging effects if
willing to suffer aggravated damage (for instance; putting:
out her eyes and regrowing them to cure blindness.)
lsuccess One tum
2successes One hour
3 successes
4 successes - One month
Ssuccesses One year or indefinitely _~- —

. Non-DAMAGING EFFects
Use this table for effects that do not directly cause'any
harm. This might be some power that affects the vampire
herself, changes the Surroundings in some way, or that

ees ee.
"more or
N

affects another person in anon-damaging way. (Dominate

n guidelines for Discipline powers that give the ~

a «et

eon the victim. Instead, they reduce his combat

One day ; Sa eee

try to invent.a new power! If so, what made him think he could do
this? Did she study the occult? Ordid he just get ina situation where
he needed a certain power a whole lot and, hey presto, he had it?

SPENDING THE POINTS

Atlonglast, the playercan pay the experience points forthe
first level in the character's new Discipline. Alternatively, she
can purchase that first dot through freebie points at character
creation. A character should not begin with more than one dot
in her personal Discipline. Later on, characters increase unique

this aeons) and

person. ¢

esta ee Parapet gece
‘as many as there are within range-
er of Awe and the Animalism power of

.) In this case, catiehiber' {

A
"Mur npie"Tancet Grrecrs

two targets, ora quarter of targets
six targets, or half the targets
20.targets, or almost all targets |

~ all targets im the appropriate area i


And you will know these last times by the Time of
Thin Blood...
— "The Chronicle of Secrets," The Book of Nod

The Jyhad is a millennia-old minuet. Its steps and
posturesare formalized down to the last turn of the ankle; the
dancers thread around one another with expert grace, backs
straight, eyes distant, now advancing, now retreating, now
changing partners. Lately, however, one candiscerna stumble
here and there, not because the dancers themselves grow
| careless — though that accusation has been made — but

because the world is shifting under their feet.

To the outsider, all vampires seem irretrievably selfish
and complacent. The truth is more complex: Underneath
those keen self-preservation instincts lie other, equally pow-
erful drives that few Kindred ever dreamed they possessed
before now. Do they stem from ancestral memory? From the

subconscious influence of the sleeping Antediluvians? From
evolutionary programming? None can say, but whatever the
cause, more Cainites fall prey to these mysterious impulses
with each passing month. As long-foretold omens appear and
ancient plots approach fruition, Kindred society spirals fur-
ther and further into chaos, until the wildest predictions of
Noddist lore become plausible.

The following section deals specifically with the thin-
blooded: how they see themselves, how they see others, how
they cope. The remainder of the chapter covers a wider range;
it examines the Cainite reaction, not only to the thin-
blooded and the threat they pose, but also to their own
apocalyptic fears.

10G)

BABES IN THE Woop:
THE THIN-BLOODED
PERSPECTIVE

Lape RS TAMING TH

AMARTLLA — AND ALTERNATIVES

Thank you for coming con aree Usually I
don't get more than two or three people at
these meetings and here we have, what, five?

Maybe you' ve heard aname, the "Camarilla,"
and you want to know what it means. Or it Least
what it means for you. I've been a vampire
almost 15 years now and in that time I've
bumped into the Camarilla a lot. At first I
didn't know what it was either, but I kept my
eyes and ears open. Eventually, I found other
vampires who could tell me about it, just like
I'mtelLing you now. I'm pretty sure that most
of what I've learned is accurate.

I know that to those of you who've
encountered it, the Camarilla doesn't seem to
make much sense. Look at it one way, and it seems
to rule the world. Look at it another way, and
it's so fractured and anarchic that you wonder
how it Lasted a month, Let alone centuries. One
night, a Camarilla prince sentences another

ire to Final Death; the next, he shrugs and
tells a petitioner that he has no authority to
do what she wants.

CAMARILLA OVERVIEW

Let me start with a quick overview of the
Camarilla for the complete beginners, First,
let's get the name right. The name is Camarilla,
not Caramella, Catalina or Camellia. The word
means "Little Room," a place for private
discussions. The Camarilla claims to be a
society for all vampires, a venue where they can
meet to resolve their differences and make plans
for their mutual PROre ELON Yeah, right —I can
tell that some of you have already experienced
the Camarilla's "mutual protection."

Each major city has a prince. A prince has
four main jobs:

e He or she arbitrates disputes between
vampires. For instance, he works out the
boundaries between vampires' hunting territo-
ries and decrees what parts of the city are
common hunting grounds or kept off-limits.

e The prince grants the right to turn a
mortal into a vampire.

e The prince interprets tradition and
disciplines other vampires when they violate it.
As part of this last role, he has sole right to
order the execution of another vampire.

° The prince oversees the Masquerade,
making sure that the police and the media do

not see a vampire's indiscretions - or at
least do not publicize them.

Ultimately, a prince has as much author-
ity as other vampires believe he has. Some
princes become virtual dictators to their
Subjects, while others become laughable
egupenengs: If a prince acts too brutal or
arbitrary, though, other vampires will
depose him and probably kill him

A group of elder vampires called "primogen"
elect the prince — I believe, as I have never
cast a white or black stone — and advise him
thereafter. Each primogen represents one of
the vampire families within the Camarilla. The
name means "first-born," which should clue you
in that the Camarilla rates on a strict
seniority system. The older you are, the more
rights and respect you have in the Camarilla.

It's not much of a government, but then the
Camarilla only deals with very small popula-
tions. Few cities have as many as 5@ vampires,
Such small groups don't need enormous Legal
codes and bureaucracies — just a judge and a
prosecutor. The prince fills both roles.

You have a question, sir?

That's a good question, and I wish I knew
the answer. I know about seven houses in the
Camarilla: Brujah, Venture, Toreador, War-
lock, Malkavian, Nosferatu and Gang-Gel. Some
of these names come from the vampires'
ancestor, and a feware descriptive terms, but
I have no idea where the other names come from,
I've never met anyone else who knew, either.

Each clan has its traditional culture, just
like each tribe or caste would. These nights,
most tribes are pretty Loose. Younger vampires
— Like us — might not pay much attention to
their bloodline or may even drop out com-
pletely. Older vampires take "clan tradition"
very seriously, though. I'11 have more to say
about the force of tradition later.

© Brujah have a reputation as punks — you
know, the sort of "nonconformists" who all
rebel the same way. I've seen plenty of younger
Brujah who wore their black Leather jackets and
body piercings like a uniform, but also Brujah
who didn't fit that mold at all. According to
ny lineage, I'ma Bruyee myself, as if I cared.

@ few older Brujah I've met were all college
Communists, Lace-cuff liberals and old-time
union activists —my grandsire still thinks the
South can make a comeback.

The Brujah have no clan-wide institu-
tions, though it's not for lack of trying.
Many Brujah want to organize the clan as a
union or a revolutionary party or something,
but it would take an act of God to make five
Brujah agree on anything. They have more
sympathy for us young'uns, though.

e Malkavians are even more chaotic than
the Brujah. So far as I can tell, the clan

Tint 0F TH Boop

38


@lders have no common interests at all.

sedly, Malks are all mad: Either they
only recruit lunatics or the Embrace itself
s their childer insane. I don't know;
\f I've met Malks who seemed normal enough. The
'f really spooky, beyond-the-pale Malks Look to
If me Like they're putting on an act to freak out
else. 1'11 say this much: I never met
a stupid Malkavian. I've met some who act like
idiots, but most of them scare the hell out
of me_in a serial-killer-I'm-going-to-eat-
your-flesh kind of way.

* The Warlocks are the exact opposite of
the Brujah and Malkavians. They have a super-
organized secret society, with hierarchies
Pa cacret passwords and loyalty oaths. Like
their name says, the Warlocks do real, honest-
to-God magic —- so they say. I never met one.

*e House Venture dominates Camarilla

litics. More than ony other family, the
lenture resemble the classic Dracula-clone
vampires you see in movies: Old-fashioned
clothes, high-toned airs, lots of money.
Venture select their childer carefully and
indoctrinate them thoroughly. These vampires
deliberately seek power in both the Camarilla
and the mortal world. While I've never heard
of any actual organization of Venture, they
track their Lineages closely, and they all seem
to know each other second or third-hand. An
awful lot of princes come from this clan. I

i |
}

think the name comes from their constant plans
to grow richer or more influential: They always
seem to be undertaking some venture or another .
e In a charitable mood, I'd call the
Toreador a clan of esthetes. Most of the
time, I call them pretentious art fags. Older
Torries go on about "cweating and pweserving
beauty foah the ages." Even the younger ones
act nearly as stuck-up as the Venture. If the
Venture are the vampire equivalent of the
ivy-league Old Boy's Network, though, the
Toreador are the Modern Art Ghetto: The
bitch at each other constantly, but stic
together out of contempt for us uncultured
slobs. Okay, so I've met a few exceptions.
© The Nosferatu forma complete contrast
to the beautiful Toreador. The Embrace
changes Nosferatu, making every one of them
hideously ugly. This forces them to dwell in
the sewers and other hidden places. They seem
to stick together, if only from shared
rejection. At least, I never heard of really
murderous factionalism in the clan, but then
the Nossies don't talk much to outsiders.
Don't insult the Nosferatu, though: Most
of them can cloud men's minds through
hypnosis, so that you don't see them. We could
have a dozen Nosferatu in the room with us and
not know it.
e Finally, the Gang-Gel only seem to be a
clan because everyone else says they are. They

Charter Two: Atas, Tar Great Cry

39

KOS)

wander like bums or Gypsies, seldom staying
anywhere Long. The Gang-Gels I know tell me that
the only tradition they share is telling each
other stories about their travels.

Everyone assumed the Gang-gel belonged to
the Camarilla, even them. Lately, however,
more and more Gang-gel say they don't belong
to anyone but themselves and the Camarilla
can get fucked for all they care. I don't
believe stories about the house doing a mass
walkout from the Camarilla. I never saw Gang-
gel do anything as a group.

The Camarilla claims to represent all the
vampires in the world but I know that isn't
true. I know vampires who say they belong to
different houses than the Camarilla seven —
clans like the Ravnos and the Saturdays.

Yes, ma'am?

e Ah yes, Caitiff. Ugly word, isn't it?
That's what Camarilla vampires call any
vampire whose family membership they can't
identify. To them it means "bastard," and
they use it the same way mortals use anpger"
or "wop" or "gook." Nobody, Kindred or kine,
has a monopoly on bigotry.

A TRADITIONAL SOCIETY

To understand the Camarilla, you have to
realize that it isn't the sort of modern
nation-state we knew in our mortal exist-
ences. It's amucholder sort of society, what

Tive oF Ten Boop

40

a |

political scientists call a traditional
society. The Camarilla is a government but
only in the sense that the village elders in
the palaver hut form a government.

I'm getting some puzzled Looks. What I mean
is that human tribal or village societies tend
to have certain features in common, so social
scientists group them as "traditional" soci-
eties — as distinct from transitional or
modern societies. I think the Camarilla has
many of these same distinctive features. I'11
list these features of on the blackboard. We
can go through them one by one and match then
up with what we know — or at Least what I know;
please add your own comments and information
— about the Camarilla. Okay? Point number one:

Ancient Custom

Unlike a modern, democratic government,
the Camarilla doesn't claim to represent the
will of the people. Nobody votes on its laws.
It claims EG ately based on ancient
traditions laid down by Caine — supposedly
the Biblical Cain, to hear these vampires
talk — and the clan founders.

The so-called "Six Traditions of Caine"
form the basis of Camarilla custom. Different
vampires give different phrasings of these
traditions, but they work out something Like
this: Sires rule their childer; don't sire
new vampires without your own sire's permis-
sion or the permission of the oldest vampire


ity; don't kill another vampire
oldest vampire orders it; don't
another vampire's territory; in
itory your word is Law; and above
+ let mortals know that vampires
illa vampires also have rules
ng favors, pespect (0 the peace on
d neutral ground and the proper way
ion the elders in power.
e of these rules are written down. No one
st that they are unjust or out-of-date
be changed. No Lawyer will help you
case to the prince. You have no
riends to speak on your behalf. If the
aprimogen accuses you of breaking the
s, you're pretty much screwed.
Central Government
png kine traditional societies, local
ities matter the most. The village elder
chief's word carries more weight than
of a distant king or president.
the same way, each prince has a free
in managing his city and is answerable
to the primogen. That's why the
‘la is not the Npb iG' sparring con-
might think. "The" Camarilla only
‘as an abstraction, like "the" business
ishment. The reality consists of many
‘Camarillas, completely autonomous in
actions but united by common practices.
fact, "government" is probably not the
word fy describe what we're talking
but it suffices. From what I've seen,
amarilla is more like a secret society,
aws that it expects you to
ly, the Camarilla is a group of
res who think they know what's best for
, not some global conspiracy or represen-
ation of the vampires by the vampires.
"Let me qualify that. I have heard of rare
conclaves," in which vampires from many
es gather to debate the great issues of
night, but I've never heard that princes
‘ly have to follow a conclave's decisions
don't want to. Just like human
tional societies, all the real power
local. If ee don't like a prince's
sion, tough Luck!
You, sir. Mr. Cargill, was it?
"Justicars?" I've only heard that term twice
and both times with another word: "archons."
seem to refer to some sort of judge or
5 BC sae is that the archons are the
various princes primogen.
‘Archons might be the same as the justicars, or
maybe the justicars serve the archons. They
might be emissaries or assistants.
| You heard it the other way around?
Doubtful. "Archon" is an ancient Greek word
for a chief magistrate, ruler or president.
*Justicar" sounds like a mangling of "justi-

By

4

ciar," a fancy word for judge. "Archon" seems
to imply broader powers. Either way, the:
both seem to have authority over princes.
guess even princes sometimes disagree and
need someone to arbitrate between them. I
gather that justicars or archons also have
some connection to conclaves, but since I've
never talked to a vanes who actually
attended a conclave, don't know what
puseicars and archons actually do. From what
*ve seen, they don't do much very often.

Subsistence Economy

Mortal traditional societies live by
farming, raising Livestock or some other sort
of subsistence economy. They don't trade
much; each community provides for itself.

Now, obviously we vampires don't need to
hoe the crops or chase the buffalo. Just as
obviously, the Camarilla doesn't need to
trade with other societies; it exists as a
parasite upon human society instead.

The real similarity comes from the
attitude towards land. In many (not all)
traditional societies, a small class or
ethnic group controls all the Land and loans
it out to everyone else, according to rank.
Isn't that what the prince does when he
divides the city into hunting grounds?

If you must enter a Camarilla city, Locate
the "open hunting" regions — the Camarilla's
version of the village green, available to
everyone — and stick to them. Poaching on an
elder's hunting grounds gives him one of the
pee justifications for destroying the
likes of us.

KinsHrp Bonps

This is the most important factor of all.
In traditional societies, you are what your
family makes you. If your father is a farmer,
you become a farmer. If your mother spins
wool, you spin wool. More than that, your
place in the family determines your rank —
and because people keep track of lineages
and marriages for generations, ultimately
the whole society 1s a gigantic extended
family. Father has authority over sons;
older brothers have authority over younger
brothers; some Lineages carry more prestige
than others. Grampa is an important village
elder because, well, he's Grampa.

The Camarilla pays great attention to
family relationships — based on who turned you
into a vampire and who else he or she turned
into a vampire. Your sire also has a sire and
broodmates of his own. Continue this and
eventually have a whole vampire tribe,
called a clan, all descended from a single
vampire about four hundred years - Each
clan's traditional character comes from the
founder Embraci le who shared his
interests. The childer followed the same

(Cuarree Two: Atas, THat Great Cry

practice — and hundreds of years later, people
say, "Oh, Toreador are all artists," as if this

were some sort of law of nature. contacts
said that the clan founders all met Final Death
decades — if not centuries - ago, or just went
to sleep and will never wake i again. At Least,
that's the official story the elders tell.

Beyond even that, some vampires say, the
founders of the clans all descend from a
single, first vampire called Caine. Yes,
again, the Caine from the Bible, but spelled
with an "e" at the end. That makes all the
vampires in the Camarilla distant relatives.
I guess that's why they call_ themselves
"Kindred" instead of just vampires. Also,
that's where the story gets unreliable. If this
is the Biblical Caine, why do vampires only go
back four centuries? Some Kindred speak of a
pyc, so I'm inclined to believe this vampire
thing basically burns itself out every few
hundred years, and then starts anew. Oh, get
this: The Camarilla as an organization for
whatever) doesn't even believe in the founders
of the clans. They parade around as if their
family was the most important thing in the
world and snipe at each other over family
rivalry, but they refuse to acknowledge the
families' founding members. Maybe I'm missing
something, but that doesn't sit right with me.
Then SOGEN they may just think the founders
are all dead, and I'm misunderstanding their
self-important vampire code words.

That's the Line, anyway. I can believe the
part about clan founders, but not the Legend
of Caine. Among mortals, when smaller kinship
groups unite to forma tribe they make up some
mythical common ancestor to justify their
alliance. I think the Camarilla did this.
Only the very oldest vampires could possibly
know the truth, though, and they don't tal
to the likes of us.

What does all this mean to you and me? In
mortal societies, when Grampa dies the next-
oldest family member takes over his job.
Eventually, you might become a Grampa
yourself and get some status and power that
way. Among our kind, though, Grampa never
dies. Odds are, Great-Great-Grampa is still
around and wants to stay in charge. He takes
great care that no pouriger vampire kills him
to take his place. For a young vampire, then,
the Camarilla is — pardon the expression — a
dead end. You may win some rights if you kiss
ass for a few decades, but you will never have
a real voice in pave tonne In European
cities, vampires 1 ears old still follow
orders given by 20@-year-old sires, who
themselves bow to a 30@-year-old prince.

Most of us are Caitiff and 13th Generation
or higher. That means we're at least 13
generations away from Caine, according to the
buzz. Exactly how you find out what generation

you are, I don't know, but it obviously has
something to do with lineage. We aren't t
enough to join the fancy club because we have
too many ancestors between us and Caine, and.
we can't name them all. For us, the Camarilla
is a mug's game. Don't even try to play.

ALTERNATIVES

The good news is that you don't have to put
up with the Camarilla. In fact, you shouldn't,
No matter how much they'd Like you to believe
it, the elders do not control everything.

The Sabbat? |

God, no, Mr. Cargill, I certainly don't mean
the Sabbat!' I don't know much about ‘the Sabbat,
because those vampires tend to attack anyone who
noses around asking questions. I only talked to
an actual Sabbat member once, and she was nuts,
Absolutely batshit. When she tried to recruit
me, she asked if I'd like to "enjoy" — her word
— a little mutual torture with soldering irons
after she initiated me into the Sabbat. From
what I've heard, by the way, Sabbat initiation
involves burial and getting hit on the head with
a shovel. I said it sounded great and she should
meet me in the graveyard in an hour. Since she
would bring the soldering irons, I'd bring the
refreshments for afterwards. Once I got out of
sight, I ran for ny car and drove out of town
as fast as I could.

I know this: The Sabbat demands more from
its members than the Camarilla does at its
worst. The Sabbat is some sort of vampire
doomsday cult. Think of Nazi storm troopers
and death-camp doctors crossed with Jehovah's
Witnesses. They say they're all about
"Letting vampires be vampires"; they ac-
tively try to be inhuman monsters. Maybe so,
but I never heard of any Sabbat atrocity or
portesety worse than what some mortal did or

lieved. I'm told the Sabbat prevents

defection by having everyone blood bound to
everyone else — no, I don't know how they
create multiple blood bonds, either.

If you meet the Sabbat, don't run. That
only encourages them, like fear froma
dog. Instead, do like I did: Seem friendly
and interested, but make some excuse to
leave. Then run.

The Inconnu

Yes, Ms. Bennett? Inconnu? I'm afraid
I've never heard of that group at all. Perhaps
you could tell us something about them?

Hmm. They sound a bit.. detached. They
don't sound like very likely allies.

Anarchs Unbound

No, I'm talking about the anarch states.
I'd like to point out, though, that anarch
qust _means anyone who doesn't toe the

amarilla line. To say it properly, you have
to sneer and be at Least 10@ years old. It's
a good name if you want to scare an elder.

Tive oF Tran Boon

2

ve heard self-proclaimed anarchs
you to rebel against the Camarilla —
ast to tweak the elders' noses. These
stand out most, but they aren't very
Why? Because they still operate in
1la's shadow. They stick to their
ke Bre'r Rabbit to the tar baby and
ally achieve anything. I have news
These rebels without a clue only
because elders have more important
In cities where princes deputize
to deal with the anarchs, the
Ss are.. dealt with.
‘don?t believe me? Visit Minneapolis-
. I did. You won't find any anarchs
ie scourges destroyed them all last
"T'll warn you, though, they almost
me too when I came to town. Don't mess
ders. If a group of them really wants
‘inally Dead, you will die.
me guess, *re_an_anarch. Sorry,
personal. I just calls 'emas I sees 'em.
arkis
ing back on topic.. not all anarchs
so noisily. You have more choices than
smight think.
"Some vampires go it completely alone.
rkis, some call them. The usual autarkis
a small town or a suburb too remote for
‘amarilla vampire to notice and takes it
shis hunting ground. Sure it's dangerous,
ut many vampires pull it off for years.
Let me give you an example — an extreme
I admt. I rode into this Iowa town in
attle car, meaning to spend a night hunting,
for a day, then hop another train for
sas City. I woke up the next evening ina
1 cell with a sheriff and two deputies
ing shotguns and a machine gun at me. Not
Uzi, a real, honest-to-God, belt-fed and
-cooled machine gun on a tripod. Next to
m, Prince Suzie held a can of gasoline and
ibook of matches. Believe you me, it took some
fast talking to avoid becoming vampire flambé.
_ Turned out, Prince Suzie had blood bound
entire county sheriff's department, the
or and the owner of a Local slaughterhouse.
" pet cops had machine guns and grenade
gunchers, for crying out loud - and silver-
"Yoaded shotgun shells in case of Lupines. The
willa wouldn't call Suzie a prince Cand
she didn't seem very old or smart), but I've
| never Seen a town more tightly controlled. She
"really is a law unto herself.
Cleavers
Other "anarchs" don't see why ney have
‘to cut themselves off from humanity the way
‘the Camarilla insists. These vampires let
their friends and relatives in on their big
_ secret and ask them for help. Sometimes they
get it, too. They hold down real jobs and even

raise families — of course, these vampires
had their kids before their Embrace.

The Camarilla elders would insist that
vampires can't do this, it's impossible,
it'Ll all end in tears or a witch-hunter's
stake through the heart — but I know several
vampires willing to give family life a AG
Other vampires in and out of the Camarilla
sometimes make fun of them, calling them
"Cleavers" or "homebodies," but I think they
are the bravest of us. Even most anarchs won't
dare to break the Masquerade so completely.

Unbound

Me? I belong to the Unbound. We're even
less organized than the Camarilla, but we do
think of ourselves as a social movement. We
share an interest in breaking traditions and
finding new ways for vampires to exist.

For instance, we reject division into
clans. Even if you believe that story about
Caine and the clan founders, what does it
matter? Training accounts for the supposed
Spe EGE for various Disciplines among the
clans: If you See 2 years teaching childer
how to control people's minds instead of
turning into wolves, is it any wonder that
they become good at one feat but not the other?

I'd bet my fangs that the various clan
obsessions and foibles happen because of
training, too. Once upona time, some neurotic
vampires convinced themselves they had "re-
fined tastes in blood," or went googly at
paintings and flowers, or frenzied at the drop
of a hat — and they brainwashed their childer
to believe it too. Then those vampires taught
their own childer to believe it, and after a
hundred years or so you have Clan Venture,
House Toreador and the Gang-Gel Tribe.

In modern nights, we can see that
"bloodline traits" are nonsense because so
many young vampires don't endure decades of
indoctrination by their sires. I know childer
of Venture sires who can feed on any sort of
person they want. On the other hand, I once
met a vampire who insisted she was a Toreador
but she would feed only upon handsome young
black men. I found that I'm descended from one
of those angry Brujah, but folks tell me I'm
an even-tempered guy. The elders can call us
all "thin-blooded Caitiff scum" if they want:
They just can't accept that we escaped the
limitations they placed upon themselves.

I even know a few vampires who invented
whole new Disciplines, something the Camarilla
elders say can't be done ever. Other vampires,
all young and of the highest generations, have
aweird, psychic insight into other vampires'
activities, past, present and future. These
"seers" sometimes find secrets that elders
thought were buried long ago — or that the
elders didn't know themselves. So much for the
wisdom of the centuries.

\ Cxarrer Two: Atas, THat Great Cry
B

wy

We Unbound also reject the Camarilla's
obsession with rule by the eldest. We're
adults, and by God we' 11 be treated that way!
Some of us in the anarch states try to adapt
American Law to our circumstances, with jury
trials and popularly elected leaders. Others
experiment with completely new and original
social systems. We actually have more rule of
Law than the Camarilla does. I can't say we've
succeeded in creating laws and governments
for vampires, but we're trying.

Long ago, the Camarilla might have made
sense as a way for vampires to govern and
protect themselves, but the world has
changed. I don't believe the Camarilla can
keep the Masquerade forever. Information
moves too quickly. When the mortal population
discovers that we exist, we undead had better
present ourselves as good citizens instead of
parasites. When that night comes, I want a
group ready to Lobby Congress on behalf of the
metabolically challenged.

Some of us Unbound even want to reach out
to the other supernatural creatures who must
exist. I'm sure most of you have heard horror
stories about Lupines — werewolves — tearing
apart any vampire they meet? I've heard
rumors about wizards and witches, ghosts,
zombies, faeries and even mad scientists,
robots and aliens. If these creatures really
exist, I want to meet them and start a

dialogue to break down whatever ancient
suspicions and codes of secrecy keep us
apart... more traditions.

CONCLUSION
Many vampires sneer at the Unbound as
foolish idealists. I never saw idealism as

foolish, not when I was a mortal PoliSci
student and not now. Like the song says, the
times they are a-changin'. The world turns
crazier every night - and more dangerous.

I mentioned the Ravnos clan before. A few
months ago, they apparently all went mad and
started killing each other. I saw two of them,
contacts of mine, ripping at each other until
one chewed out the other's throat and drank
all his blood. The survivor never returned to
her haven. ALL my contacts around the country
tell similar stories. I only personally know
one Ravnos who survived that week of madness,
and he had abandoned his clan to join an
Unbound coterie.

The night before the Ravnos went mad, I
had a dream. Maybe you' 11 think I'm a nut for
Faking a dream seriously. Maybe I ama nut -
except Later I met two separate vam aes We
ot! ad

told me the same dream. They
reputations as seers.

I dreamed that a king walked out of a
mountain. He had ten arms and ten heads. He
cut off his heads one by one and his remaining

Tove oF Tan Bion

44

|

towed them. Then a tiger, a dragon
and of bird, astork maybe, attacked
lly, the sun came up and they all
ees.
arilla informants told me a Legend
¢lan founders — a legend that the
nsist they don't believe. According
old meh some night the clan
Will all wake up. They will be very
; after sleeping for thousands of
_pecause of phere patereatole age,
jlood doesn't satisfy them anymore.
they hunger for the blood of
es — especially their own descen-
They will eat all the younger
es and ravage the world.
‘ink my dream was not just a dream. I
the king was the ancestor of the Ravnos
He woke up. He fought.. something.
other powerful vampires who didn't
become his breakfast, maybe some-
gelse. When he died really truly died,
thing broke in all his descendants and
went mad. . SF
! *s why I take the risk of going to
Lie erties and giving talks Tike
If any other clan founders wake up,
will seek the vampires they can
ify as their "family" — the vampires
the Camarilla who so conveniently track
sir own bloodlines and insist on obedi-
nce to the eldest among them. I don't think
the Camarilla will survive.
__ If we stay alone and afraid, clinging to
ie fringes of the Camarilla, we will die
hit. ¥F we work together, though — we so-
dlled Caitiff and anarchs, whatever other
ernatural beings we can befriend, and
en our mortal friends and families — some
‘of us might survive.
| ‘Thank you for your time. and Mr.
Cargill?
| huntini

a

Oh,
ell your master not to bother
for me or the others in attendance.
‘We really don't endanger the Camarilla; as

you've seen, I want to take these unwanted
vampires off your prince's hands. Leave them
| alone and they'11 just leave.

| How did I know? Really, Mr. Cargill. I
| did say that the vampires who shared my
| dream were seers. They had visions and knew
things they could not know. I've never had
visions, but I've learned to trust my
| special hunches and I have a hunch that you
work for a scourge. Calm down, folks. Let
him go. He's a treacherous coward, but if
I'm right he'11 receive a punishment much
worse than anything you could do - if not
tonight, then in time.

That's it, folks. See you out west! Hey,
pypody know a good, open hunting ground?
Talking makes me hungry, and I could really
go for Chinese.

SeLF-DeERCEPTION

Thin-blooded are rarely chosen from the elite of human
society; their sires don't move in such circles. Instead, they
are often inner-city teenagers, cubicle slaves, starving grad
students, struggling artists, hoodlums, temps, day laborers,
single parents — in short, regular people. And they tend to
regard themselves as such, even after the Embrace.

Inthe clans, anew vampire is taken firmly under hissire's
wing. Centuries of tradition come to bear as he is taught the
lore, ideology and etiquette. By the time he is presented to
Kindred society, he has been trained to think of himself asa
creature set apart from humanity. But no one performs this
service for the thin-blooded. The average anarch, often a
fledgling herself, is doing well enough just to teach her childe
to hunt — assuming she sticks around to do so (many sires of
thin-blooded vampires, appalled at having produced such
stunted excuses for progeny, disavow them completely).

Players of thin-blooded characters should keep this in
mind. The edgy, tragically hip persona of the typical neonate
may be inappropriate. Remember, you probably don't know
about Caine, the 13 ancient clans or anything else associated
with vampires. All you know is that you're not quite like the
vampires in the books and movies. Your mind and soul still seem
to be your own. Ass far as you can tell, you're much the same
person you always were... with a few disturbing differences.

VIEWSON OTHER KINDRED

Thin-blooded vampires' attitudes toward the sects and
clans vary widely, largely because their contact with other
vampires is so scattershot. Ones who know their sires tend to
take their sires' views for granted until they learn something
different, and so their outlook has much in common with that
of the anarchs and other Kindred malcontents. However,
many more thin-blooded are abandoned, orphaned or es-
tranged. They have no idea what being Kindred is all about...
and trying to learn in a vacuum can be a terrifying and
confusing experience.

Consider the plight of Daphne, a thin-blooded fledgling
who has her first encounter with the Camarilla when she tries
to hunt ina nightclub owned by the local Ventrue. So you just
wander into my club, killone of my customers and leave the corpse
in my dumpster? Your sire ever mention this little code called the
Traditions? Oh really? Escaping from that fiasco with just the
clothes on her back, she settles in another city, only to run
into a prowling Sabbat pack. Look, a mewling weakling. Let's
set her on fire and see if she's got what it takes to join the true
brotherhood. Traditions? Stop talking bullshit before you get us
mad. A few nights later, smudged with soot, she emerges to
find they've evidently given up on her. She flees again to
Boston, figuring a vampire could easily hide there. The
Giovanni have their own opinions on her little plan.

She'll probably be dead before she ever figures it out.
Still, she has good reason to keep trying. The Kindred are a
savage and inexplicably hostile race, but they are also her

‘Cuarrer Two: Atas, Tat Great Cry

45


forebears, her family — the only ones who could possibly
understand what she's going through. Besides, what's the
alternative... to just keep on slinking around, night after
night, in this parasitical existence and never to know the
meaning of it all? This uneasy mixture of longing and fear is
typical. Many a thin-blooded innocent sets out to prove to
herself thar she isn't the only vampire in the world, only to
discover to her chagrin that she's absolutely right.

ASSOCIATIONS

Association among the thin-blooded, like much else
about them, is haphazard. There are no Washington lobbies,
nosupport groups, no alt.kindred.high-gen, nosewing circles,
no Pulitzer-chasing journalists to evangelize their plight.
How do they ever find each other? Usually they don't.

To have sired a frail vampire is generally considered a
disgrace in the clans. Many thin-blooded internalize their
sires' shame and refuse even to speak to other weaklings.
Instead, they try to earn status by strengthening themselves
(via training or diablerie) and seeking the patronage of their
elders. These tactics rarely succeed. At best, such a youngster
might find a prince or bishop willing to cut a deal: protection
and legitimacy in exchange for eternal servitude and expend-
ability. Ar worst, an infernalist vampire might consider him
a willing dupe for promises of easy power.

Other thin-blooded take a more express route to respect-
ability — they simply move to a new city and lie about
themselves. This is usually Plan B or C, since a very new
vampire doesn't know enough about Kindred society to
believably fake clan membership or fabricate a lineage. It can
also bea highly risky enterprise, depending on local attitudes.
In New Orleans, an impostor is often accepted with a nudge
and wink. In London, the rastacouere had better be prepared
to undergo the genealogical equivalent of the Spanish Inqui-
sition, administered by Kindred who are former heralds of the
Royal College of Arms.

A few lucky bastards (forgive the double-entendre) are
absorbed, if grudgingly, into their sires' coteries. Sometimes
this happens because the sire insists — sometimes because
multiple vampires in the group have sired thin-blooded
childer. Sometimes, a coterie is so small and powerless that
even a weakling whelp can make herself useful.

Coteries composed entirely of thin-blooded are ex-
tremely rare, but not nonexistent. As seers discover that they
can multiply their clairvoyant powers by cooperating with
each other, they increasingly seek out those who share the
gift. In other cases, thin-blooded are forced together by
circumstance or the machinations of an older vampire.

THe Unsound

Elders like to scoff that the whole "Unbound" movement
is nothing but a pathetic attempt on the part of the Caitiff to
define themselves into legitimacy. The Unbound beg to differ.
They disavow the sects, the clans and the age hierarchy. Why
would they seek legitimacy in a system they despise?

Sour grapes, perhaps. Bur few dispute that vampire.
legend can be interpreted to support their heretical notions,
Caine was clanless. He didn't inherit Disciplines; he in-
vented them. The Caitiff share these traits with him. What
if they really are to be the chosen instrument of his wrath? As
rumors continue to spread about new and mysterious powers,
the theory attracts less and less hilarity.

Most Unbound happily extend their protection to thin-
blooded who ask for it— to doany less would undermine their
passionate ideology. Unfortunately, however, the movement
is still quite small. Its members devote their limited resources
toevangelizing among the anarchs, especially in the free state
of California. thin-blooded dwelling in other areas have only
aslim chance of stumbling across another vampire, let alone
one of their number.

Mortars

Many thin-blooded have little or no contact with other
vampires. Instead, ignorant as they are of the Masquerade,
they confide in mortals. They turn to their family and friends
for help in dealing with this crisis as they have on countless
other occasions. How should they know any better? Of
course, telling someone that you are a vampire is never an
easy thing, and not all mortals take the news gently. Still, in
the absence of any other support, it might be the only
reasonable choice. A few weaklings have even approached
human experts in various fields — doctors, scientists, priests
and psychics — for help in curing or at least understanding
their new condition. The end result is almost invariably
silence, whether willing, coerced or fatal, as other vampires
learn of the hemovore at the local GP's office and refuse to
yield the Masquerade that protects their unlives.

Occasionally, a fledgling has the questionable fortune to
be discovered by someone who recognizes her for what she is.
Most often, that someone is a vampire-hunter, and thus
hostile, but exceptions are possible. Even a soldier of the
Inquisition might find his world-view sufficiently challenged
by a penitent vampire who can bear daylight to decide that
the matter merits further inquiry. As for government agents
or Arcanum scholars, any interest such folk might take in the
thin-blooded would be clinical at best. However, with pa-
tience, a chance meeting could develop into a profitable
working relationship.

OTHERS

Very rarely, a member of some other supernatural race
willstumble upon a thin-blooded vampire. These encounters
generally go badly for one party or the other, unless the
supernatural in question is also an outcast from her own
species. Misery loves company.

See Chapter Four for more information on how to

include thin-blooded characters in a chronicle.

STRATEGIES

Like so many neonates, thin-blooded generally don't
survive long. Those who do belong to an extraordinarily

Tin 0F THN Biooo

46

‘

{tough lot. Compared to full-blooded vampires, they have
Nery little mystic power. Native cleverness and circumspec-
Gon must take up the slack. Below are a few elementary
{grategies employed by the successful (and yes, the wildlife
analogies are intentional).

* Camouflage: Let the lion strut and show his mane; but if

ladbe wants to survive, she freezes and blends in. Thin-blooded
\who persevere eventually learn that it is far wiser to stay off the
{greets and hide their true nature. Many become reclusive,
Interacting with the world mainly by proxy, using their distinc-
five powers only when necessary. It's generally safest to disguise
oneself as a mortal, avoiding face-to-face meetings with other
jupernaturals as much as possible, but some thin-blooded have
jucceeded in taking the opposite tack, passing themselves off as
peonates of the clans, or even ghouls. (The aura of a thin-
jlooded vampire, while pale, is often less so than that of other
fampires. It can look very similar to an older ghoul's aura.)

¢ Foraging: Friends are found in the least likely places.
(though the thin-blooded often suffer for maintaining their old
portal contacts, knowing someone who does data entry in a
overnment office, forexample, ora janitorata prestigious office
uilding, or a friend of a friend of a congressman, might come in
uite handy in a time of need. Such resources are frequently
verlooked by the more privileged and snobbish vampires of the
fans, but bastards can hardly afford to be so picky.

Moreover, thin-blooded have a distinct advantage in
reir dealings with mortal associates. They are usually much

younger, much more in touch than the average vampire. Other
Cainites must rely on fear, favors and the dubious emotional
power of the blood bond to secure their underlings' loyalty;
many haven't had a true friend since they died decades or
centuries ago. A thin-blooded youngling, however, might
have to work pretty hard toavoid her best girlfriend who's been
leaving worried messages on her machine for the last three
weeks. Additionally, vampires who feed at the Rack have a
much easier time if their appearance follows mortal trends. A
vampire in her baggy pants and wifebeater T-shirt of rave
culture will have much more luck feeding at a warehouse party
than a potent elder who still affects the silk brocades of his
mortal days asa merchant prince, And she's probably less likely
to be viewed as suspicious by police, as well.

* Bottom-Feeding: Sustenance, too, must be sought out
in nooks and crannies. In a city where vampires dwell, almost
every square inch of land is claimed as princely domain, private
turf or both. Vagrants have no "legal" place to hunt, so thin-
blooded must take their prey where it won't be missed. Some
are lucky enough to persuade mortal friends to donate. Others
skulk in the farthest reaches of the suburbs, or take victims most
Kindred wouldn't want anyway: the diseased, the aged, etc. (Of
course, most Kindred doesn't mean all Kindred. Some vampires
consider the downtrodden their rightful prey, so even a careful
fledgling might run into trouble.)

Assuming one can overcome the risk of discovery, the
safest tactic is to collect a small group of regular vessels — a

Cuarrer Two: Atas, Tat Gaear Cry

47

[O.G)

herd, of course — and stick to it. But doing so is often
problematic for the thin-blooded — they lack the skill with
Dominate, Presence, Animalism, etc., that other vampires use
to make it go more smoothly. Yet, a few enterprising fledglings
have found cozy niches: working the night shift at a small
charity shelter, for example, and feeding on the sleeping
residents... or leasing the space for a free V.D. testing clinic.

¢ Evolution: Again, the youth of the thin-blooded can be
turned to their advantage. While most anarchs and Caitiff are
also "young" by Kindred standards, many of them have been
vampires for several decades. Thin-blooded, however, are defi-
nitely children of the Information Age, and they can use that
modern savvy to confound and outwit pursuers. Sure, that
Tremere regent can shoot fire out of his fingers, but can he keep
his cool when alive TV crew shows up on his chantry doorstep?
Ofcourse the prince knows how to bury a murder investigation,
but does she know thatall her tax information can be purchased
over the Internet? Thin-blooded also find it much easier to blend
in with the Canaille when it suits them; they know the current
slang, the fashionable locales and the hot topics.

© Running Like All Hell: When all else fails... Seri-
ously, mobility is another strong advantage the thin-blooded
possess. Kindred tend to become entangled in possessions,
administrative duties and prestation commitments. Some of
them have existed so long that their chances of running into
someone they know in any given place are actually fairly
high. Pride is an even more important consideration —
fleeing one's domain is traditionally considered a sign of
weakness among Cainites.

But while parting is often emotionally difficult for the
thin-blooded, due to the friends and family they must leave
behind, they face far fewer practical obstacles. Moreover,
they leave a fainter track. Their faces have never made the
society pages. They don't own controlling stock in this art
gallery or that manufacturing firm. Their friends and ac-
quaintances are as obscure as they are.

Some thin-blooded hit the road and never stop running.
However, the nomad's way is neither easy nor safe. Settling in
a small town, one with no other Kindred in it, is a better
solution; but except for a very few elders seeking respite from
the Jyhad, most vampires find it difficult to give up the
stimulating bustle of the city. Furthermore, the more remote
the locale, the higher the likelihood of Final Death at the claws
of Lupines and threats posed by other mysterious beings.

DHAMpIRS

Kendall sat on the curb and cried himself sick for the first time
since he was a little kid. It wasn't that he was hurt bad. There was
alittle scrape over his eye, a little salt taste in his mouth, and they
were going away fast. It wasn't even what had happened to Julio
— well, maybe a little, but Julio knew better than to call him
"faggot," even as a joke.

Irwas the way he'd felt while he was doingit. Each blow had sent
alittle explosion of joy into his brain, the same soothing pleasure he got

Tine oF TH Boo

48

from banging on his drums at hame. He'd beaten his best friend
bruisy pulp and loved every second of it. He sniffed at the s
blood on his jacket sleeve, and waited for his stepmom to rer
pick him up, and wondered if you could go crazy at the age of
Dhampirs start off on the wrong foot in this world,
things never get any better.
To begin with, the birth ofa half-vampire child gener
comes as a great surprise to at least one of the parents, It
be greeted with elation or superstitious disgust, but n
without fear. For a female vampire, motherhood adds
and danger to an existence already filled to brimming
both. She may have a rough time of it physically —
undead body is hardly suited to the task. She'll also havealo
of explaining to do if another vampire catches her in mater.
nity wear! A Kindred father may believe that his lover has'
been unfaithful to him (after all, it can't possibly be his); but
ifhe knows better, he must face a terrible decision. Should he |
stay, take responsibility and accept whatever befalls him and
his new family asa result... orshould he abandon his own flesh
and blood?
Nor is the human parent likely to have it any easier. Just
loving a vampire, knowingly or unknowingly, is enough
invitation to tragedy. The additional strain of raising a baby
in an atmosphere so charged with pain and uncertainty can
break even the strongest spirits. Furthermore, mortal mothers
of dhampirs often develop life-threatening complications
during pregnancy and labor (whether due to the clash of
mortal and immortal vitae, or more mysterious factors);
depressed immune functioning, hemorrhaging, toxemia, etc,
With so many perils, it's all too easy fora dhampir to end
up abandoned or orphaned at an early age. Dad runs off and
Mom dies at the hands of the scourge. Or Mom succumbs to
drug addiction and Dad decides his child will be happier
"among normal people." That is, assuming Dad was ever told
about the baby in the first place. Even if the family is intact
(for now), their prospects for domestic bliss are slim in the
World of Darkness. For one reason or another, many dhampirs
must learn their true nature on their own, while being passed
from foster home to foster home, or holding down a mini-
mum-wage job to feed themselves and an ailing grandmother,

orserving their time for assault in a juvenile detentioncenter.

Serr-Discovery

If the thin-blooded are ignorant of their heritage, then
how much more so are their mortal offspring? A dhampir's
occult legacy usually doesn't manifest until the onset of
puberty; in addition to all the usual tribulations of growing
up, the child must face a second layer of transformation, far
darker and infinitely more mysterious.

The process varies from individual to individual. Most
simply become aware, sometime during their teens, of a
special reserve of physical strength that they can call upon —
instinctively at first, in times of stress. They may be afraid of
this power and the feral pleasure that accompanies using it, or
they may be delighted to discover such a useful weapon

and eed set about finding its

a dhampir is ‘ally awakened to her

be a real social dimdvantage when it
berty). She gains a limited ability to learn
She also gains an inner Beast, which,
dtoavampire's, isstill strong enough to
will. In other words, as Dr. Netchurch so
in Chapter One, she becomes biologically
ble from a revenant.
is the all-important qualifier. In all
could not be more different from the
itches, Zantosas, et al. Revenants have a
eir own, a skewed outlook that they have devel-
centuries. Dhampirs nominally belong to the
id, however imperfect the fit may be.)
HAMPIR
come up with a great variety of justifications
dead parent and seek to slay him, hoping that such
sanse them of their own darkness; others express
inamore general fashion by becoming hunters.
that they must be irrevocably tainted with evil
tabout finding a dark power worthy of their servitude.
iés have begun to circulate in Mexico City about a
who firmly believes himself to be the Antichrist.)
we either unaware of their vampiric ancestry or refuse
dieve in it; instead, they choose to see themselves as
hic enlightened or touched by a cruel deity.

d(which usually isn't much). This can be both good
{had. On one hand, the support of "someone who under-
can be of great help in weathering the disturbing
wrought by Kindred vitae. On the other hand, if
‘ever been embarrassed to let a friend meet Mom and

Whatever the particulars, every dhampir must contend
ce of exultant pleasure — a pale shadow of the vampiric
pethaps — but also of deadly temptation. Although
rs don't need to feed as vampires do (in fact, most
ess no taste at all for human blood), lost vitae replenishes
‘only gradually, and the anemic weakness and emotional
that result can be devastating: Some dhampirs
me addicted to the rush of using their Disciplines and
qum to powerful stimulants in an effort to reproduce it.
Others discover a far more potent substitute: Kindred blood.
| The Beast is an even greater thorn in a half-breed's side.
» True, a dhampir doesn't often encounter the sort of provoca-

49

Wo

tion that might bring about a homicidal rage; but it takes only
one such incident to break up a romance, destroy a friendship
or scuttle a promising career. And even petty annoyances can
add up. When a 17-year-old dhampir drives home through
gridlock traffic after a day of flunking his classes to find his
girlfriend has canceled their date and the cat's puking on his
bed, his rage may exceed anything he has ever known.

DHAMPIR AND HinpReD Society

Dhampirs are a new phenomenon in the World of
Darkness. Although legends of half-vampires have circu-
lated for centuries (indeed, in one Slavic village the entire
population claims descent from a common vampire ances-
tor, and its citizens bear the name Lampijerovic — "little
vampire" — in testament to that belief), such stories have
been almost universally dismissed as folk tales. Neverthe-
less, for all the scoffing, some Kindred remain fascinated
with the idea — particularly those who died before they
could satisfy their longing for a family of their own. Secretly,
lest they incur the scorn of their fellows, they experiment
with the various methods prescribed by myth: charms,
relics, dark Tremere arts, pacts with the devil, even true
love. All to no avail.

Now, suddenly, plain old-fashioned sex appears to be
doing the trick for some. The existence of the dhampir is still
contested by cynics, who suspect some kind of millennial
hoax, but to those who have an inkling of thin-blooded

Atpresent, a dhampir who falls into the clutches of a full
vampire will most likely be mistaken for a revenant or a
masterless ghoul — hardly cause for joy, perhaps, but good
fortune indeed compared to the lot of the dhampir who is
recognized for what she truly is. To Camarilla vampires, she
is the ultimate Masquerade breach: an elemental and irrevo-
cable mingling of Kindredand kine. To vampires of ascientific
bent, particularly Tremere or Tzimisce, she is also an intrigu-
ingdevelopment in Kindred biology, and thusa prime subject
for experimentation (her parents can expect to attract such
interest as well, since they obviously must be unusual speci-
mens themselves). To Sabbat and other die-hard Noddists,
she is an ominous portent of doom — which may not be her
fault, but killing the messenger is as honored a tradition
among vampires as among mortals.

A few Kindred, mostly elders who matured in times of
greater religious faith, might take a more enlightened view of
her emergence. To them, the spectacle of true life issuing
from the withered loins of a vampire can only mean one
thing: God is forgiving, and He has sent this miracle to show
race. They may well honor her as a sort of living relic. But
these Kindred are the ones she should fear most of all; a
reluctant messiah is a perilous thing to be, and the same
cult tonight might decide tomorrow that she looks better
atop the altar than behind it.

Cuarns Two: Aus, Taat Gecat Coy


THE WORM TURNS:
KINDRED SOCIETY IN THE FINAL NIGHTS

" Bech

Dhepe you sudertand he vy dh deal Several
are calching up vail me oe shoes
80.

shamelessly, Jeu

et hal bk Apo. Loca

|

| "The Signs of Gehenna" (BON: CoS 1-88, Marrakesh Codex, Pehlavi trans.) — An Exegesis
| Reliable sources for Noddist scripture are, of course, as rare as reliable Caine sightings.
When found, they are without exception obtained and hoarded by the very eldest among us,
Furthermore, even paleographers of unimpeachable probity and integrity disagree on authen-
tication methodology. For these reasons, establishing a stemma for the Book of Nod, to say
nothing of the apocryphal Revelations of the Dark Mother, Proverbs of the Akkadian Sage,
Delphic Visions, and Overseer's Accounts, remains intractably problematic.

The Marrakesh Codex, however, is the exception that proves the rule. Although it contains
only 24 of the 52 known sections of the Book of Nod, Cainite scholars are in remarkable agree-
ment as to its provenance and antiquity, the latter of which was recently proved through
radiocarbon dating.

4 Furthermore, the keepers of the three extant copies of the Cadex (two of which are in
Byzantine Greek, and the other — the oldest by centuries — in Pehlavi) have been notably
generous, if selective, in allowing Kindred specialists to examine both microfilms of the manu-
scripts and the physical codices themselves. The physical examinations, in particular, have
revealed an unexpected wealth of information, especially the recent recognition of Greek 1 as a
Palimpsest that supports several theories first put forth by Aristotle de Laurent in his famous
Notes on the Epigraphy of the First City. However, that is a topic for a separate essay.

The following is an exegesis of "The Signs of Gehenna" as it appears in the Pehlavi transla-
tion, including my own commentary as well as that of Beckett of the Mnemosyne and Nahir ofS
the Lasombra, both eminent Noddists. (Beckett and de Laurent have examined this prophecy ats.
some length themselves in their Annotated Book of Nod, to which | wholeheartedly refer the RY
beginning student.) Disagreements on such a subject are only natural, and in the interests of ">
\| fairness, | have refrained from editing the comments even for stylistic consistency. Fy
¥ Codicology has dated the Pehlavi MS to ca. A.D. 530. Fourteen different scribes contributed |

to the work, which is an explicit attempt to assemble all the known First and Second City lore, w
E g and many of the sections, including this one, purport to have been taken directly from the
=
&
=

WPA Y OY
TOSI

say ay ft
sey yp 0
Oy

fabled Ashur tablets (only fragments of which are now extant).

= 1 Slashes in the text indicate the original versification, which is evidently faithful to the pre-

% 3 sumptive Enochian version — or, at least, it bears no resemblance to known Pehlavi or Greek
i poetic meters.

The Signs of Gehenna (Part 1 of the "Chronicle of Secrets")

be . = Quiet! Hear the raven's cry!/The stillness of the wind/rising hot on the street/the towers
hide/the darkness of the day.
= 4

res -eymbolcalbitci; Mace Ne ply :

beacer . Ley ot él ae ae ale i We ae me the Fe ast presi

lon 6 oomilik rouble. As 4or the loners, possi Badd lee Toa she itil :
sted possly st Sod Chee os do

Tw: oF Tran Boon
50

he Hal pac of ne" — achent wocde for ddere his
aes lo coupiow lhe lou lial Fae oie

On the second day, Caine will retum/and call his
children to the meeting place/on the site of the First
City he will beckon/them, sitting on his basalt throne.

Lasombra's dreams come true/on the

sn the moon runs as blood/and the sun rises

‘in the sky/ that is the day of the Damned/

"s children will rise again.

id the world will turn cold/and unclean

‘will boil up from the ground/and great

will roll, lightning will light/fires, animals
and their bodies, twisted, will fall.

2 ee eal echo ered), asda

= Ge windy Feller vb Uw te a oe cl
fs ill le dl de Vad be ree
Aad ik pl Us ile pong i dad 1S a ila
Les wil pli Me ll coal ell ie ll lalla
we iy Be Ho i
oil a Se wap eg
Pele as Loli Ue Ree i We eg Fast eel aa
a =a igen ie ea spy) om london Ni
i) bs sw Nel od 91 ps ee
a lebih Oa le eel a te wh
Hs iol in hl ale oop i
EM hy eal i le el Acid — Ne

| And Caine will call aloud the names of those to be
} destroyed/for their crimes are too great/and all those
| who have consumed the heart's blood of their sire/will
be brought before the Black Throne/and made to drink
of Caine'sblood/and Caine's blood will eat their blood.
And the Dark Mother herself will be brought forth/
||| and there, in the valley of Enoch, will there bea battle/
‘a duel of Dark Father and Dark Mother/the demon
{|| queenwillbitedeep/thedamnedkingwill bite deeper/
"| We will not know the thing which will happen/but the
sky will tear apart, and theearth below/and the forces
of Hell will pour up out of the ground.

So, too, our grandsires will rise from the
ground/they will break their fast on the first part t
of us/they will consume us whole. |

+
i

Cuarter Two: Aas, Taat Great Cry
51

Fees quoled in debased toon al the stadt of a Blood
Pri iran clisraes sixes a polul made over nual
oveeinNoddist certpharc: thal Cate hales wacface aitdmurder

lis lulderimore the olhecertine. The second verse —
stews lo be acear reference fo Lill, whose cole mous origins te

helly debated, and further miplies au antadouiem belwcen her
Corie theab ts witterue ta) seaipluce. edhen did they
become eweinies? And ig "deep"/"deeper

rs tle
arucluce, Satie ubaadcatobe dake}
Whe bio and will beely prevail? — Larcila

i cg id, oe
at plod cle ea i 8 i ai i
etn eis abl i obid mo ed nt Ua
fs fs bot ipa aH 9 lve ele lal ween
sot la iting son od 8 teats be 2A Wg
One spices te thik pew long thise
iM, Thal Caine'= les CW Wile ONT Some
clans Chsually The basanites; Wrens, B45
Giovanned completely — Beckett

On the third day/there will be silence/the
crows will feed on the carrion/plague will dance
amongst the ruins/the last of the Wild Ones will
leave this place/the last of the Moon-Beasts will
fight/and fall/and the Antediluvians will make for
themselves an empire of blood.

Dulereslivns, Ihe *
so cheese ate
Hs prophecy lous predalee thal wedeval melagher: — Coed

ping & we spews dekinitely Mone
exodus oc facse-scale mopdization. hM- =
ae and the LiInines cand alsayea- comn
pletely com, the Excth they fave so long
inpapites, the waning is well taken oy t=

the superficial cesemblauce tits verse beace to.
wis nes phe dios houeaud-year retin, ele.)
would be wrovts to disiniss hese dire aud lameuls as mere

ry. alalever elec tt means, lhe scripture quile dl 2
: ee pcarsey Bear. |
Cily. lial, one wonders, luappeus lo Caine? abdicate —
oid aban after oak ils, eaving lle Earth tole
chided' depredations? lili he be ldlled or tothe
Amacaulh? atho ts the Falher of Dackness, 1} Hol Caine? Aig
thbe Hal come olker Aulediuvtan willsmaiase to usucp onc

He Ye-power, pechaps wilk ald ¢rom *uether realins"

Mie, aellocils equivalent)? — Lucila

|
<|

the vewe

aie sey ead lave comet le:

finer oe ll Ue cig

f

\t When the snows consume the earth/and the sun
||| gutters like'a candle in the wind/then and only then
|; willthere be born a woman/the last daughter of Eve/
||,and in her there will be decided the fate of all.

{ And you will not know thiswoman, except by the/
J; Mark of the moon on her/and she will face treachery,
tf hatred, and pain/but in her is the last hope.

Fetia as ¢ in ERE a oe
alee? Te tle fical incance meas to imply a dae
Sc let cance tealy seals

i ebeua idea for.
those who wuct have the loud for sustenawe. Perhaps a. more

fo the "made of the moon" — the

laxgec sense. — Beckett as Sai ay Rev acon I

i fay pooh ene ithe Lot d areal
||| Theywillrule with iron talons/they will wrench the wh , she will somehow shace His charactertahi. P a
|| [hearts of all still alive/and the full sum of the earth's Rear: Set HN i 3

livingwillcome/andlivein theLast City, calledGehenna, cwnuliple perconaltly

| And there will be a reign of one thousand 3 =
||/years/and there will be no love, or life, or pity/the J bis lat Ls fer be Cables ahead sch bis unmsin lo Ul? 0 commu
'||mighty will be as slaves/the virtuous will be made fe 9 sey fo yu os ee ie mee tare oe
|||foul/every good gift, and every perfect gift will be Disk Fetes aol ly alloel ty vse coe! bon: le wl acy Spa, By le
|||tainted/by the Father of Darkness, whose power lime fe Le Detalles ie be is spe yet wile Zale ypu loo wl be pig oe
| will come from the nether realms. eucezie, Ooty Cau Sues bees Hell Cees sit be relecmel. = Nab

I

Twi oF THN Boop

52

you will know these last times by the time
slood /which will mark vampires that cannot
you will know them by the Clanless/who will

will hunt us even in the strongest city/you will
wthem by the awakening of some of the eldest/
‘Crone will awaken and consume all.
You will know these times, for a black/hand
[rise up and choke all those who oppose. it/and
se who eat heart's blood will flourish/and the
dred will crowd each to/his own, and vitae will
as rare as diamonds.

anc suck awnoes ls, of couse, he ove cedaca,
ical ergd tre
Pie domoaat:

Neonat til.) 1D have found no

: cd

of he ollec omens menlioned ulle Verse. The cefecewe to

x ig a ees
exceplion tele send.

| Sager el ol lee me be cove fs ore Lida
sano pi ta a mar gy alee ipa
ee Hal cl ada lc) uly ls

ee a i i wel ne ele al
bdbddnce he" Be ah be

re
thet this isa Cilely Waning ©& the dangece o=
the Crone was actoally an aapect e& Lilith CA
ISS SN. T Wake ne chine for oO astiiet Te
Beat hecely iiclice Lin the Interest ek
balonoes inqni, Lt pas alee peer. thet:
See ee
bees Wd NesSecatn claim, Ase
Urstlasias Claim, n= Thedé>

ism Bela Ye, — Nels

f
j | Mark these signs, they are/coming! Gehenna/
| will be on earth.

Mark the shadow which flies/mark the dragon
which rises/mark the darkness which moves/mark
'} ithe shadow of the moon/mark the angel that dies/
| mark the maiden who weeps/mark the children
| Embraced/mark the Clanless who run.

ae

American newspa
angel wherein the heaveul veghec we had
eof oF a bait ate fad 55

dee ul ly lie His ei Ue pole ak el ls le
Ne ae el lle ot ml eel ily gil
tele Oso Hc Se id 3 ei yh «ei ol
ret il pi al Ut lon exer liga pony i lpg. — Nel

Carer Two: Atas, THat Great Cry

53

{ Those among the Clanless will have no/path
\|to_follow/no family to name/no generation to |
| }hold/no traditions to keep/no customs to give/no.
\/hospitality to give. |
Why do you make these orphans?/Why do you §
||}leave them in the street?/They are the dark seed of [|
|our undoing/they will band together with thosewho |)
hate us/they will follow Brujah's childer/they will |
make the blood run red/they are going to kill the
|||dead/they are going to eat our kin/they will scream
\)Jand bash our doors/they will cry aloud for justice. 2

He cng ince coce lear mle inks le wl of Nis lowe — Nelis

\ Clantess, all, they will know secret ways/

|| Clanless, all, they are Lilith's foul get /Clanless, all,

) they are newly awake/Clanless, all! No family, no

)|sign, no/loyalty, no elder.

| Beware those who walk without a clan/forthey

will be our undoing/pity them! Adopt the orphans
And there will be a time/when sire will drive ppshere you can/but watch them, In.them is the bad

out childer/when sire will abandon childer/to the | sead/of thelr sire.
||) sun's mercy/and there will be no mercy for the
||, Clanless/there will be no mercy for the Clanless, The ceference: to-Lililk here te une

ed and

= a st ia
mongrel though they be/upon their forgotten sires/ distucbing, uM ceceu

shall be the curse of Auriel/upon their hateful lore, Lill te dee
sires/shall be the curse that comes of crossing Cae Me ably fo wed bis vampire
Caine/upon their lazy sires/shall be the curse of choose. His ws

the hunters hunted. capable of- ren

duiliwd lo feel, ta these (de 40 auclenlly spelen, Ihe : E

: Beatie some: heconkiesNosteee x leew es wy ab. Ua fe line ee ws
ge Jor euckewrdeney, fut wc ca only ace ts foe ale lo 14 le pple ay Sve deel hei 9 ne cde il, ike be on

‘ach The lecal cep ep Pree rg a il ws ling fs Be wl 8 Tale

elie ilenalticaliou: There shall be wo wercy, dlaulees. = Nady

' pause of Ansel [tal "for hose walla tl Cae

prolyaphies, cefers to lhe dealh- 's warning fo Cale:

Sst fle nell as ee: bre wd
reels i lines eces vba ob deh bs elie ts, Now
fee le pose is mech sel ly lai wbo wih ee eid balton sh

"he sus mecy mag have a die
ent meaning Soc these weak-plosded
CALM WAM EE CHEE OME HB De
believed, can endiuce fhe swy'saysx. DAS

Time oF THn Boop
54

2E AND BRIMSTONE

outward behavior, one could easily con-
Kindred, as a race, are dead to the mystical.
‘elder seems preoccupied with treachery; the
ate seems preoccupied with surviving. The
its talk of holy war, wastes much of its energy
fies of violence. And the Camarilla officially

ne foolish enough to believe in cannibalistic
thousand-year reigns of evil, girl-saviors or any

‘of the same elders who naysay Caine sightings
Friday spend all night Saturday procuring a victim
henna cult's winter rite. With each new omen,
‘these secret fanatics swell tremendously. Mean-
ites who thought they'd transcended their

of damnation ages ago find that they have
themselves. More than one ancilla has been
recently to find her jaded sire sitting in the back
Mass, prostrated on a prayer mat at midnight
Gypsy fortunetellers on the sly.
‘some extent, it's only natural that elders should be
by the latest portents. Many were raised in deeply
(or, atany rate, superstitious) cultures. Although they
questioned their youthful beliefs in the centuries
subconscious programming remains, awaiting only
circumstances to emerge. But younger vampires
to Gehenna-madness almost as rapidly. Something
‘impending cataclysm burns off the inner skeptic in
Terror, combined with the numerological ascrip-
the millennium, drives many Kindred to acts they

considered impossibly rash scant years before.

GEHENNA CULTS
. telling symptom of the general malaise: Gehenna
ilts are more popular than ever. Even ancillae and neo-
s have begun to organize (if such a term can be applied
) their own groups. Most of the cults are tiny —
than a dozen regular members — and woefully igno-
some even think themselves the only organizations of
kind. Generally, they dissolve or fall prey to enemies
adecade of their founding.
‘Other cults can boast a far longer (if not always more
ished) history. The great cults of the West, some of
are detailed below, have studied the problem of
nna for many centuries. Studying and solving are two
erent things, true, but these mystic orders are still fleeter
foot than either the Camarilla or the Sabbat. Furthermore,
honestly believe that when the time comes, their long
f cautious plotting will enable them to move decisively
the rest of the Kindred stand paralyzed.
THER ovat ORDER OF THE EDENIC GROUNDSHEEPERS
_ Founded: A.D. 1645

The Groundskeepers seek, first and foremost, the
| resting-places of the Antediluvians. The cult's members

believe they can avert doom by destroying the Ancients
before they have a chance to rise and slaughter their way
back to strength. Unfortunately, the quarry is wily. For any
one clan father, there are generally several remote sites (all
jealously guarded by self-appointed protectors) that purport
to be his tomb. The cult can ill afford to squander its
resources for such uncertain results, and so, to date, it has
made no direct attacks on any identified sites. Its members
seem content to pore over the data and engage each other
in academic duels; when pressed, they tell their initiates
that fate rewards the patient (and in all fairness, it must be
admitted that they now possess the most extensive library of
Kindred archaeology in existence, which they might even
allow a respectful outsider to peruse — for a price).

During the 19th century, some of the more restless
members of the cult finally grew tired of their fellows' plod-
ding, scholarly approach. Even if the beings resting in the
tombs are "only" Methuselahs, they argued, killing them
takes valuable ammunition away from the Ancients. A major
split occurred in 1898, when these dissidents seceded from
the main cult and established themselves as a separate fac-
tion. In a fit of unbridled one-upmanship, they renamed
themselves "The Imperial Order of the Master Edenic
Groundskeepers" and set about gathering the recruits and
weapons needed for a full-scale assault on the purported
tombs —all 62 of them. Their score so far: eight Methuselahs
slain, three Methuselahs awoken, including a Toreador who,
lost to the Beast, has since gone forth to wreak havoc in
eastern Europe.

The advent of the thin-blooded hasn't impressed the
Groundskeepers as much as one might expect. Both factions
of the cult feel they have far more important concerns than
herding a bunch of useless neonates in one direction or
another — omen or no omen. Still, even the most oblivious
Groundskeepers have now heard of thin-blooded with mys-
terious powers of second sight, and that does interest them.
The cultists have employed similar methods in their search
before, of course, but actively probing the secrets of the
Antediluvians with Auspex can be a deadly enterprise; con-
jured spirits tell lies and evade the questions put to them; and
even the most straightforward Malkavian auguries generally
make sense only in retrospect.

At present, the conservative faction finds itself frozen
by indecision, torn between hope and fear. On the one
hand, perhaps these seers could lead the cult to the tombs of
the Ancients, who could then be destroyed while still
weakened (which is certainly a relative term) from the long
fast. On the other hand, psychic connections are notorious
for working both ways. If the thin-blooded receive their
visions directly from the Ancients, it would not do at all to
encourage contact. In fact, it might be best simply to
exterminate the younglings altogether.. Without the thin-
blooded, there can be no "time of thin blood," and without

that, it's just possible that the Antediluvians will miss their

Caarrer Two: Atas, THat Great Cry

55

cue and stay in torpor a while longer. At any rate, the
cultists hardly want their enemy to gain intelligence on
their plans.

The radical faction, however, too energized by the
possibilities to waste time worrying, has recently launched
several survey expeditions to the most likely of the remaining
locations. Elite Kindred trainees provide the muscle, while a
trio of thin-blooded seers accompanies each team as naviga-
tors. Whether these daring efforts might have any issue
remains to be seen.

THe WAY OF THE ANCIENT LAWGIVERS

Founded: A.D. 1312

The Lawgivers (also known as Enochians) have long
rejected the notion, held by some Kindred rationalists, that
the Gehenna cycle is an inevitable phenomenon. They
insist that the disobedience of younger Kindred is what
causes the blood baths. If the Kindred will but return to the
ways of the First City — by which the cultists mean that
vampires should overtly enslave humanity and institute a
strict hierarchy of age — then the Ancients will have mercy
and bring an era of unparalleled peace when they rise again.
The cult's oldest charter dates from the 14th century, but
claims for the transmission of its teachings extend all the
way back to the Second City.

The "overtly enslave humanity" part of the Lawgivers'
credo is, of course, impracticable under the Camarilla

Masquerade, and so those of its members who belong to thar
sect must amass their mortal influence secretly — for now,
They believe firmly, however, thatas Gehenna draws nearer,
the time will come to throw off the shackles of silence. When
thar time arrives, the cultists plan to be ready. Some devote
great energy to infiltrating various national militaries, Others |
have retreated to the wilderness to create limited
"Carthaginian" experiments, small walled towns where the
resident mortals knowingly serve a brood of Cainite masters. |
In these controlled environments, they hope, they can leam |
the best methods for government and thus avoid the calami- |
ties that have hindered similar attempts in the past.

Trapped in their own dogma, the Lawgivers cannot |
credit the idea that the mere appearance of thin-blooded |
vampires might rouse the Ancients against the Kindred.
However, the presence of so many bastards does reveal the
lawlessness and disobedience of the vagrants' sires, and that
is the real danger. Thus, the cultists are generally staunch
supporters of the scourge. Any vampire youths running
around loose should simply be destroyed, they say; once the |
slate is clean, a fresh start, supported by firm discipline from
the very first, can be made.

Tue Servitors orIrnap
Founded: A.D. 1456

Similar to the Lawgivers in many respects, the Servitors
espouse a creed of fearful slavery under the Antediluvians,


es, the Servitors want to be able toprove
possible to aid theirancestors' return

snt strategy for accomplishing this goal
society ever deeper into ignorance and
pf gibberish prophecies, so that it will be less
itself on the fateful night. Accordingly, the

obtain influence within the Sabbat and the
n use that influence to sow malicious rumors

rs into open warfare. They also keep an eye
ed members of the independent clans to
pleasures and positions of respect within
for turning quisling.
ye years, the Servitors have built up a corps of
° whose duty is to listen for any hint of
from the Ancients. Although the signs of
pear nightly, the awaited signal has proved
sly slow in coming. The cult's leadership—a pair
vers, one of whom claims to be the last member
bloodline or clan — has been accused more
‘hiding news of contact from the rest of the cult.
just isn't possible that the Antediluvians have
to ignore such faithful and eager followers as
is it?
he absence of any clear direction from beyond,
Servitors must decide for themselves what to do
thin-blooded. Some roam from city to city and
any thin-blooded they come across in hopes of delay-
ht of judgment —at least until they can figure out
,Antediluvians really want. Their fellows, going to
treme, do everything they can to encourage local
to sire prolifically. They reason that this wanton-
only provides an admirable distraction for the
‘elders who might otherwise be inspired to arm for
na, but also creates a surfeit of weak, easily caught prey

Kindred of the Twilight Cult seek a woman re-
to in The Book of Nod as the "last daughter of Eve."
the snows consume the earth," the prophecy runs,
nd the sun gutters like a candle in the wind, then and only
nwill there be born a woman — the Last Daughter of Eve
-and in her there will be decided the fate of all. And you
not know this woman, except by the mark of the moon
; and she will face treachery, hatred and pain; but in

tris the last hope."
Obviously, this woman is important, and she must be
|. The question is, how? Endless debate has been given
pthe interpretation of "the mark of the moon." Some of the
tultists say it refers to psychic ability. Others believe it
neans a simple, physical birthmark in the shape of a cres-
jent moon. Perhaps she will have shapeshifter blood in her
feins. Perhaps she will be born to the true Roma, whoever

oe

they may be (needless to say, more than one tribe of Roma
lays claim to the title). The latest theory, which is quickly
coming into vogue, is that she may be a dhampir.

And so the cultists disperse, each to his chosen lookout.
Some haunt the maternity wards; others discreetly follow the
Gypsy kumpaniyi on their travails. Particularly foolhardy
souls try to contact the Lupines and convince them of their
mutual interest in the matter. Few seem to care that accord-
ing to the usual reading of the prophecy, the Last Daughter is
not scheduled to appear until after the Antediluvians have
returned and enjoyed "a reign of one thousand years." Now,
they say, is the time to begin watching. The earlier they start,
the less likely they are to miss the signs of her arrival. Besides,
prophecies can be interpreted in so many different ways, and
the Antediluvians are crafty; who's to say that the thousand-
year reign hasn't already begun?

Once they have (presumably) found the Last Daughter
of Eve, the cultists must then face the question of what todo
with her. Most agree that she should be protected, in any
case (although cynics have pointed out that the prophecy
doesn't explicitly call her the "last hope for the Kindred");
but past that, opinions diverge again. Ithas been argued that
she must be Embraced. If she is to save the Cainites,
shouldn't she become one of their number? Other cultists
propose to teach her Tremere blood magic, or turn her over
to human wizards for instruction in the mystic arts, or induct
her into their favorite religion. A sizable contingent be-
lieves that she should simply be watched from afar — after
all, the whole point of destiny is that it's supposed to work
no matter what you do.

Any concern the Twilight Cult might have with the
thin-blooded revolves mainly around the new dhampir theory.
Members travel long distances to confirm reports of adhampir
birth, and though their intentions are rarely hostile, they can
be great nuisances and trouble magnets. It has been posited
that the "mark of the moon" could refer to the seers' oracular
powers, but most of the cultists have rejected that idea: After
all, the prophecy strongly implies that the Daughter will bear
the "mark of the moon" as a mortal.

Tre Cutt or ENLIGHTENMENT

Founded: A.D, 510

The Cult of Enlightment fights a lonely battle. Insti-
tuted by vampires who, even a millennium ago, saw and
feared the direction that Kindred society was taking, it
pursues the near-futile task of bringing spiritual enlighten-
ment to the Cainite race. Only by transcending the Beast
once and for all, the cultists argue, can vampires be able to
give up their eternal and ultimately disastrous warfare. Un-
fortunately, many of the cult's most influential leaders are
currently in torpor. The remaining members struggle along in
their quest for Golconda, but left to their own devices, they
have lost the way.

Now two "prophets" have arisen within the cult, each a
bitter enemy of the other, both advocating monastic retreat

Charms Two: Aus, Tat Gaeat Cry

57


——_

as the solution to Gehenna. One of them insists that the
entire cult should go into torpor and enter a heroic dream-
quest under his direction. His rival lures followers one by one
into the Himalayas, where she claims to have found a second
Eden — complete with fruit trees that can nourish Kindred
and a cave of wonders in which the shadows play out visions
of the end times.

A few cultists remain skeptical, knowing that the fear of
doom easily gives rise to sham and demagoguery. Withdraw-
ing from the world in its hour of need, they say, is the last thing
Kindred should do. However, most of the present member-
ship has flocked to one banner or the other.

Meanwhile, the scholars of the group spend their nights
trying to find the Scrolls of Wisdom — 13 scrolls onto which
the cult's founders recorded all their learning many centuries
ago. The documents have since disappeared: Four were stolen
during the Battle of Samarkand, one was lost somewhere
along the Silk Road in the 11th century, and the remaining
eight were smuggled out of Constantinople just before the
Turkish invasion. None of the currently active cultists has
ever seen the scrolls, However, tradition claims that, among
other things, they outline the events of Gehenna in unusually
clear detail. The cult finances countless archaeological exca-
vations to search for this missing lore. It has also sought the
Assamite clan's help on several occasions, but the desert
warriors claim ignorance of the scrolls' whereabouts.

For the most part, the Cult of Enlightenment is eager to
hear the words of the new weak-blooded prophets. After all,
revelation is revelation, regardless of the source. Several seers
have been approached, even invited to the cult's secret
meetings; thus far, all have declined. The younglings seem to
be afraid, a reaction that puzzles many within the order. Are
they not gentle, salvation-seeking souls, one and all? But
some cultists mutter that the seers reluctance only confirms
what they themselves have suspected all along: A traitormust
lurk within the ranks, some hidden evildoer who is trying —
probably successfully — to subvert their holy purpose and
send the whole cult spiraling into perdition.

THe ARIMATHEANS

Founded: A.D. 30

The Arimatheans trace their history back to the first
terrible nights after the Crucifixion of Christ. Their servants
watched as Joseph of Arimathea, hurrying against the Sab-
bath, took down the body and laid it in its tomb; they
themselves stood watch the night after the Sabbath —
though they had to flee, wounded by the power of whatever
divine force had been released within. Or so they claim.

A number of Kindred dwelling in the Holy Land at that
time took an interest in the stories of resurrection. After all,
if this man Yeshua was truly so holy as to defeat death, he
might be able to impart great wisdom to vampires — most
especially, the secret to breaking God's curse. However,
despite the many reports of divine visitations in the days,
weeks, and months following the Crucifixion (even after the

Ascension on the Mount of Olives), no vampire could
claim to have witnessed one. Soon enough, most Kindred ha
put the whole thing down to human fabrication.

Nonetheless, a few still believed and hoped. Those:
dispersed to the four winds, secretly following the
and sending back word of everything that happened. As
spied on the growing congregations in Rome, Lyons
Cologne, they came to hear of miracles ascribed to a
bore by Joseph of Arimathea into the far north. The same
cup the Master had used at His last meal, some said;
held it to be the cup that had caught His blood when His side
was pierced on the cross. In any case, the hope of the vampires
was renewed. A cup that had contained the sacrificial blood
of Christ — even in a merely ritual sense — would bea
powerful relic indeed for the blood-drinkers. They meant to
find it and learn its secrets.

Unfortunately, they were not the only ones inter-
ested. As they moved to claim their prize, it was spirited
away by mysterious guardians, whose identity and purpose
even now remain unknown. But the Arimatheans were
not easily deterred. They have spent the intervening
millennia chasing any and all clues that purport to lead to
this sacred cup, or the Grail, as it is now called. They also.
try to track down other relics of the Passion, for several
reasons: first, to be better armed against evil; second, to
gain greater insight into His suffering and sacrifice; and
third, to benefit from whatever mystic attraction might
exist between such objects and their most holy sibling.
However, this is largely a side pursuit. |

The Arimatheans credit the Grail with tremendous
powers, most of which can be traced back to human legend
on the subject. The Grail is the ultimate vessel of redemp-
tion and transfiguration. The holy blood within it can wash |
away any taint of sin, from the marks of diablerie to the
Nosferatu curse to the Embrace itself. Perhaps it can even |
bestow true immortality or angelic powers... but all these
gifts can be granted only if the seeker is pure of heart and
purpose. Members of the cult almost universally despise
their undead state and seek to reconcile themselves with
God. Nor do they hope to earn salvation for their own souls |
only: If Father Caine were to drink from the Grail, they dare
to believe, the whole race of vampires might be redeemed.
Because of this, they pursue rumors of Caine sightings
almost as avidly as Grail lore. ]

Since most Arimatheans refuse to sire childer (it being
a grave sin to so endanger another's soul), they must increase
their numbers through proselytizing. The result is a rather
odd mix. Some cultists radiate holiness and steadfast purpose,
while others are agonized penitents, just setting out on their
vision-quests. Many adhere to very strict and bizarre purity
laws, which prescribe devotions, mortifications, the precise
manner in which vitae may be taken, and so forth. It is even
whispered that one of the feared Seraphim of the Sabbar's
Black Hand is a member of the Arimatheans.

Tive oF Tn Boop

ity to spend a year among the Arimatheans
us historian's delight, as their practices stem
yfrom themostprimitive days of the Christian church.
nly that, but one of the cult's leaders claims to have
in Jerusalem at the time of the Passion. The
most sacred ritual is a version of the Eucharist
sacramental wine is replaced with the blood of
itioners claim that a taste from their Commun-
ee ig sweeter than the Kiss itself.
tively recently (that is, within the past few
the Arimatheans have begun to exchange schol-
ith another, much smaller, group that also studies
», but only that descended from the Celtic mythos.
h the Arimatheans naturally discount any notion
he Grail is of pre-Christian origin, they recognize that
ndred scholars are seeking the same ultimate enlight-
at and healing. Relations between the sister groups
Jo far been remarkably amiable; whether impending
a will ultimately drive them apart or bring them
‘jogether, however, remains to be seen.
with CULTS
Founded: Unknown
‘The plural is intentional. No one "true" cult of Lilith
« whatever this or that group may claim; instead, her
ip is spread out over dozens of small, disparate cults,
nonetheless share a basic philosophy and even cooper-
swhen necessary.

ar

Carter Two: Atas, Taat Great Cry

59

ww

Outsiders call Lilith's vampiric followers Lilins, after the
Dark Mother herself. The Lilins, however, generally call
themselves "Bahari" (Baham in the singular) after Ba'hara,
Lilith's Third Garden — also known as the Garden of
Sorrows (her first two Gardens withered long ago; Lilith
herself destroyed one in a fit of rage, and the other perished
at the hands of Caine and the Antediluvians, who also slew
Lilith's children).

In any case, the Bahari see Lilith, first wife of Adam, as
the most potent figure in the primeval drama—far surpassing
Adam, Caine and even her own Creator, all of whom are
recast as her treacherous consorts. More importantly, she is
the truly wronged party. Thus, when the Final Nights come,
vengeance will belong to her alone. She will raise the oceans
and call forth herdemon-children, and all who claimalliance
orkinship with the husband who raped her, the God who cast
her out or the lover who betrayed her shall be swept away like
so many shards of broken pottery. Then a new world, Lilith's
world, will take shape in the resulting void.

The Bahari, who certainly plan to survive this transition
inone form oranother, accordingly renounce their blood-ties
to Caine and are "reborn" into Lilith's service. The Path of
Lilith consists of two complementary devotions. First, the

Bahari seek to suffer as the Mother suffered, thus emulating
her path to transcendence; second, they help others to reach
enlightenment by the same method. They reject the pallid
moralism of The Book of Nod and study an alternate canon,

he

the Revelations of the Dark Mother —a jumbled assemblage of
visions, songs, and oral tradition connected only by a single
thread, the thrumming, subconscious call of the first woman:
ahi hay Lilitu.

Although a disproportionate number of Bahari are fe-
male, especially among the Hierophants (priesthood), many
male vampires have also chosen to join the cult. Lilith cults
also rarely restrict worship of Lilith to Kindred only. Human
mystics and other shadow-folk walk her Path. Anyone who is
willing to cast the safety of illusion aside and plunge into the
rendering flames of truth and pain may finda place among the
new children of Lilith.

Like the Twilight Cultists, some Bahari seek the "last
daughter of Eve." However, they generally intend to destroy
her, rather than aid her. In mortal legend, the children of
Lilith (ie, the monsters/demons) and the children of Eve
(ie., the human race) are eternally ranged against each other,
enemies by nature. Therefore, these Bahari reason, the Last
Daughter may be meant to serve as Lilith's final nemesis —
the only one who could conceivably stand in the Mother's
way. Others dismiss her as a fiction, just one more lie in the
pack of lies that constitutes Noddist scripture. And even if
she should tum out to be a real person, they argue, how could
one of Eve's pathetic get hope to thwart a being who learned
to outshine Jehovah Himself?

Due to their savage beliefs, the Bahari usually belong to
the Sabbat when they claim any sect allegiance at all,
though that sect's Noddist beliefs typically cast the Lilins as
heretics, infernalists or worse. Additionally, at least a few
Camarilla moles serve the cults as well. See the Vampire
supplements Revelations of the Dark Mother and the
Guide to the Sabbat for more information on Lilith, her
Path and her cults.

Seer Cutts

Founded: Recent nights

This is another umbrella category, encompassing a small
but growing number of groups worldwide. The appearance of
thin-blooded with strange, inexplicable insight into the
Jyhad has caused consternation in many circles, but among
others the seers are hailed as messianic figures who could
guide the Kindred into a new age of peace and wisdom.

Although some seer cults are actually organized and run
by seers, more often it is an elder who holds the strings, while
the seer takes a position analogous to that of vizier. Vampires
of the pre-scientific era, awed by oracles of any kind and
deeply moved by their sense of looming judgment, can be
willing to overlook their mistrust of the vampiric rabble in
their search for truth — but they have no intention of giving
up control over the proceedings.

A few cults can boast of possessing multiple seers. In such
cases, the seers quickly become a tight-knit, secretive cult
within the cult, Their methods of divination range from the
bizarre to the utterly outlandish (one group in Montreal

conducts seances around a store-bought Ouija board;
other, in Paris, presents its findings exclusively in laboric
assembled collages). Still, their followers and patrons pl
the utmost faith in their visions.

- The Heralds of the Red Star

The most famous seer cult in the world is also one of
newest. The Heralds of the Red Star, named for the star that
appeared earlier this year prior to the "week of nightmates!
and the great flood in Bangladesh, pride themselves on
openness. All Kindred who wish to may attend their meet.
ings, which are publicized as widely as possible within the
confines of the Masquerade. Their self-appointed mission: |
convince the rest of their race that the end is much close
than is widely believed, and that differences must be put asi
now if vampires hope to endure. |

The cult's leader, V. Harriet Bakos (the "V." ‘andl
for Vampiresa, but she rarely allows herself to be called |
that), is actually neither a seer nor even a vampire. She |
claims, however, to be a dhampir — the daughter of a
Roma mother anda Raynos father. Furthermore, she often |
goes into fugue states, during which she raves of visions |
quite similar to those reported by the seers under her |
tutelage. In all her visions, the star figures prominently as.
the guiding light for some inconceivably evil being whois
due to arrive on Earth sometime this year. Although only
Kindred with sufficient Auspex can see the star, its appear-
ance has disturbed vampire society enough that they
receive this half-breed prophet with much less hostility
than one would ordinarily expect (see the Appendix of
this book for more information on Harriet Bakos, the Red
Star, and the Week of Nightmares), |

Those meetings of the cult that are actually hosted by
Harriet or her seers tend to be mystic and theatrical, carried
out with all the ceremonial flash of a spiritualist séance. The
others, however, which her confidants organize and moder-
ate, often have the feel of a UFO-watchers' convention,
replete with slide shows, conspiracy theories, lectures and
photocopied pamphlets. The present membership consists
mainly of very young vampires — including many thin-
blooded — and ghouls, but their hard recruiting has begun ta
pay off, and the occasional ancilla can now be seen as well
(probably spying for a superior, but the Heralds prefer being
spied on to being ignored).

Atpresent, the cult has five seers, and Harriet herself
has traveled all over the Western Hemisphere in search
of others. While in Brazil, she was approached by a
handful of vampires who supposedly belonged to a group
of Tremere called "The Order of the Wyrm." The Red
Star, they told her, is obviously the "eye" of this Wyrm, |
whom they identified as "the lord of this world"; its
appearance should be taken as a sign that the Wyrm is
about to begin its sacred mission of purging the Earth for
the new reign to come. Placating sacrifices must be made
immediately, for only a few would be chosen to survive.

Tw oF Tn Boop

60

ned to their theories for about half the night,
them off with a few disparaging remarks about
heir one-eyed worms. A representative of the
Sere Council of Seven has since assured her that no
grexists in his clan, but Harriet and her followers
sn felt something keeping close watch on their
ents in the weeks since....

us MANIAS
Some vampires, a cult is too much organization.
they've succumbed to the instability of the
Perhaps they've simply snapped after too many
fepressing their feelings and instincts. Perhaps they
er much for rational response anyway. Whatever
on, religious hysteria has invaded Kindred society
wirus, muluplying and mutating into a hundred

) Penitential Movements: Self-flagellation, piercing,
fon, even cursory exposure to sunlight — any kind of
jon, humiliation or mutilation might serve a vam-
gtoexpiate hissinsin time for the end of the world.
of the Sabbat and various cults (especially the Lilith
jalso use these methods to prove the strength of their
rand the firmness of their purpose. In either case, consid-
mony may attend the masochism. Members of one
in Mexico decorate each other with exquisite

‘Carter Two: ALAs,

61

Wa

whereas the Methuselah Prince of Cologne demands that
petitioners to his court address him as "heretic wretch" and
give him fifty lashes on his naked back before he will hear
their requests.

* Imitation: As blasphemous as it might seem, many
elders take a queer comfort in adopting the trappings and
outer behavior of their favorite saints and prophets. Some
wear monk's robes and shave their heads. Others fast, wash
the feet of the homeless, walk on hor coals, give away all
their possessions, sit in sackcloth and ashes, crucify them-
selves upside-down, etc. More than a few have wandered
into the wilderness, never to be seen again. Youngsters may
scoff at the idea that a few empty gestures can cancel
centuries of evildoing; but the Kindred who indulge in these
practices come from an era when worldly men had them-
selves buried in monk's habits, in the honest hope that the
Almighty could be fooled by a costume change. Besides,
when doom isall but certain, a little spiritual insurance is far
better than none, n'est-ce pas?

© Dancing: Some Kindred can still remember the danc-
ing madness that seized the Rhineland during the time of the
Black Plague. Claiming they were possessed and calling out
the names of demons or recounting wild visions of Mary and
Jesus, countless peasants jumped and whirled themselves into
exhaustion for no discernible reason. The modern dancers
don't usually testify to mystic revelations, but they are no less
vehement in their gyrations. This mania is especially popular

Tuat Great Coy


wo

among younger Kindred — whole Brujah Rants have de-
volved into inarticulate frenzies of dancing — but elders are
not immune. In Boston, curious mortals were treated to a
spontaneous reenactment of long-dead fertility and funeral
dances at the opening of a small art gallery.

© Weeping: Supremely dangerous to the Masquerade,
this is the most difficult mania to control; it comes and goes
too quickly. Nor does itoccur en masse, as many of the others
do. One night, a Toreador ancilla suddenly starts weeping in
Elysium. The next week, a Tremere primogen who hasn't so
much as cracked a smile in four centuries finds himself
shedding uncontrollable blood-tears at the newspaper stand.
A month later, a Setite elder who barely knows either of them
breaks down sobbing in the arms of her bewildered prey. One
by one, the mostunlikely candidates succumb, leaving acity's
entire vampire population shaken.

A PARCEL OF DOLICIES:
KKINDRED REACTIONTO THE
THIN-BLOODED

And you will know these last times by the time of thin blood,
The Book of Nod announces, and then, in the same verse: You
will know them by the Clanless, who will come to rule. If the thin-
blooded knew of their prophesied role in the Final Nights,
they would partly understand the venom, madness and terror
that greet their arrival — but only partly.

The highest generations violate every boundary the
Kindred hold dear. As Caitiff (for the most part), they defy
distinctions of clan and sect; as thin-blooded, they threaten
to blur even the line between living and undead — their
dhampir children being, of course, the ultimate embodiment
of that transgression. Yet nearly every forum in vampire
society is split on the question of how to solve the vagrant
problem. The argument rages in anarch rants as well as elder
salons, and it shows no promise of easy resolution.

THe CAMARILLA

Yes, well. I understand that those with paranoid millennial
agendas may be frustrated with the delay, but these things take
time. I feel the clan has succeeded in airing a number of very
difficult issues during our official debates on the subject. Look how
long the Council of Trent convened, and those were human
beings! Besides, we've still got a good 12 years before we have to
present our recommendations to the Inner Circle at the next
Grand Conclave. With any luck, most of the little maggots will
have died out by that time....

— Horace, Brujah Idealist

The most inclusive political body in vampire society is
necessarily the most fractious, especially when it comes to
this subject. At present, sect policy is to accept any vampire
who observes the Traditions and obeys the local prince
(unless, of course, she should happen to be illegitimate, in
which case her unlife is forfeit for her sire's sins). Neverthe-
less, some Camarilla Kindred argue that the thin-blooded

should be wiped out before they can join with the:
the Sabbat. Others uphold the traditional view,
declared themselves willing to dwell alongside thi
who abide by the law. Most remain undecided; all th
is that these heedless young vermin are invading
and they want the place fumigated somehow.
Since the Camarilla officially believes that
a myth and Caine and the Antediluvians are either
hopelessly torpid, it must also dismiss any wild not
omensor portents. Nonetheless, the thin-blooded arein
ably dangerous by themselves.
In the first place, they add to the population probl
As ever more Kindred feed, breed and squabble
territory, the chances of an irreparable Masquerade
increase astronomically. Can a thin-blooded wea
brand new to the night, muster the cruelty to kill
Can he catch their eyes and make them forget? No?
then, is he to stop them from telling what they have
Some thin-blooded can't even ghoul their vesselsandit
snare them with the blood bond. And what about th
childer who overturn the Masquerade completely in th
ignorance, letting their parents, lovers and psychiatrists
on their little secret?
In the second place, the fledglings' bizarre powers m
them a dangerous and unknown quantity. Again, the
to the Masquerade is considerable: Kindred who can mi
the living more successfully than other vampires, and
choose to remain in human society for that reason, are all the
more vulnerable for their proximity. But leaving that as
what is to be made of these seers who can blurt out an elder
innermost secrets within a few seconds of meeting him? Ho
are peace and civilization to persist in such a climate
honesty? As for the dhampirs — how long is that to conti
unchecked? What if the blood-powers are passed on to thei
descendants? Might the Kindred eventually face an ascen|
dant human race, powered by immortal vitae?
Public discussion focuses on these points; but under the
surface, even more complex issues are at hand. The advent |
of the thin-blooded has awakened painful, conflicted emo- |
tions in many an undead heart. Although they would never |
admit it, vampires often harbor deep regrets over life not
lived. They miss their dead children, or mourn children that |
never came to be. They contemplate nostalgically, even |
morbidly, the pleasures of the flesh. They look at their
sterile bodies and see repellent corpses, to which they no)
longer feel any vital connection. They regard the light of
the sun not only'as God's punishment to the Cainites but
alsoas his blessing to the mortals, and they long to be blessed
again. For them, it is far too late. But now, these upstarts..,
here are creatures, every bit the bloodsuckers they are, to
whom God has restored these gifts. Why?
The Camarilla Kindred, with their overt (if rather ab-
stract) respect of "humanity," are especially vulnerable to this
sort of melancholy — and the envious rage that inevitably

Tiwe oF THin Boon

62

Circle wished to, it could easily tap into
if, as well as unvoiced eschatological fears, to
ion even more strongly against the highest
elders say it has already embarked on this
ntly issued an edict condoning the reinstitution
and rumors circulate that it plans to propose
thema on the thin-blooded, including dhampirs,
Grand Conclave. Could this be the first step.
om —some sort of mass Blood Hunt wherein
ila Kindred would all go forth to reclaim the vitae
their profligate childer?
arilla clans have reached intemal consensus
‘of the thin-blooded—an unlikely event, given
ther than corporate nature of the clans— they
forward to say so. However, this has not
the conspiracy theorists. Harpies whisper that
jans are secretly gathering up thin-blooded seers
and train them for some unfathomable mis-
remere have been accused of creating thin-blooded.
ess purpose of experimenting on them, a charge
vehemently denied.

[ARCHS

‘care how sick her mother is, and I don't care how tight

e. This is tough on you, huh? What about me —

Gracie? Watchin' the two of you make kissyface at

! funeral? Go on, get out of here, if any of us catch you
again you're dead meat. And take the

— Benny Zubrowski, anarch ringleader
One might think the anarchs natural allies of the thin-
; After all, the former are responsible for siring a
number of the latter. More often, however, the new
are regarded as disaster magnets, invitations to the
and thus driven away. Furthermore, neonates who
tried to sire and failed can become astonishingly bitter.
disappointment, they turn on their more fortunate
en and accuse them of hoarding occult secrets. Such
have torn more than one anarch nest apart.
Anarch visionaries have finally, belatedly, realized the
ential usefulness of the thin-blooded, and now try to
da more conciliatory rhetoric. So far, however, their
haye fallen on deaf ears. The rebels are tired. Their
entum has worn down, beset on all sides by truculent
and recalcitrant reality. Recently, a wave of suicide
ts among anarch gang members has surfaced, groups of
orfive walking hand-in-hand into the sunrise, or arrang-
to have their havens set ablaze while they sleep. Those
oendure would eagerly welcome a new race of saviors, but
convincing them to believe will be a hard task indeed.

THE SABBAT

That's what I told him. "Do I look like a baby-sitter to you?"
Damn bishop. I've already played that game once — you
| remember that snotty kid you met when we swung by Jersey last?

oo

And where do you think he is? Dead, of course. Three fucking
years of blood and sweat, and what's the bottom line look like? A
big fat splotch of red ink. We're the Sabbat for Chrissake, not the
Baptist Mission for Wayward Licks.

— Yvonne, Lasombra pack priest

The Sabbat claims more Noddist scholars than even the
Camarilla and the independent clans combined. From its
earliest nights, the sect has looked ahead to Gehenna as the
historic moment it was specially created to anticipate. Natu-
rally, it has found rich fodder for theorizing and debate in the
highest generations.

The Noddists insist that the gifts of the thin-blooded
are too portentous to ignore; they must be either brought
into the fold or killed. Accordingly, many prisci and arch-
bishops have ordered their underlings to set out lures for the
newcomers. Thin-blooded who respond to the invitation,
however, may well find unlife in a pack too harsh to survive
for long. There's no more room now for error or weakness
than there ever was, and many ordinary Sabbat resent the
idea that they should burden themselves with ignorant
younglings just because of some musty pedant's reading of
some pretentious scripture. Besides, aren't the thin-blooded
supposed to be the Antediluvians' wake-up call? Sabbat like
to boast that they welcome the Gehenna with no reserva-
tions—that no true warrior fears battle. But in reality,some
members of the sect aren't quite sure how prepared they are
to face the raging Ancients.

A bigger problem is that the thin-blooded unwittingly
present a direct challenge to Sabbat ideology. The sect's
whole philosophy is built around the idea that vampires
are a step above humanity, and that to behave like a
human is to admit one is an inferior individual. Most
Sabbat have no intention of giving up this comforting
delusion when their supreme hour is finally near, and they
may well be moved to destroy any offending bits of reality
they come across. That certainly includes vampires who
take extra-long showers and can't kick their popcorn
habit. Prospective enlistees beware.

ASSAMITES,

Hush, infidel. I have been watching, and I know that this
existence is painful for you. How could it not be? You are caught
between one world and another, never to belong to either. Your
baby girl... ah, for her it is even more so. I told you I have been
watching. But, you see, she can be of use to me, while you
cannot. Please do not worry. Soon you will be of one world again
— the next — and she will be raised in the true faith. Aren't you
going to thank me?

— Omer, Assamite rafig

In these troubled nights, the independent clans are
feared more than ever. Although they were always a danger,
at least they could once be trusted to keep to their own hard-
won territories. Now, however, the Assamites have thrown
off the curse that once bound them. Unleashed, they promise

Cxarrer Two: Atas, THat Great Cry

8

Dearest Hermia,
Von must forgive me for the disgraceful gaps and lacunae in our correspondence. A syon knocv, a great many press
affairs intrude upon wey customary solitude, and J no longer have the time that J shout to confer with my pugits
brotherhood. But before you think te pity me, J bid yon first direct your prayers totward our poor Laccoin. A fter
is charged with the task of ronsing the bodies, minds, and feelings of m good teve-dozen of snr kind — even more
than J, and at least as bitter. If he fails, the coming night will be grim indeed!

AsJ recall, yon asked mein your last letter te explain the true secret of the Jyhad. Vell! What a task yon set before"
mes is it any wonder J take a feew years to answer' But never mind. As far as J knove, there is np one true secret — a
J wont be wary of arrgone who toth me othertvise. There are, hotvever, a thonsand (little secrets, which can be ¢
in thuce by the patient observer.
VWihat is more, simple indnctive reasoning will serve you as well as anything else. 7 will mot permit yon to be
J still remember that brilliant young girl at the symposinm! Uf se your head! Personally, J have found that
contemplating the Jyhad, it ts best to bear in mind the natural circumstances of each generation; for owhatever goals and
ideals one may pretend tr, one is alivays constrained by circumstance.
Let ns leave aside the Ancients for a moment, for the game is theirs in the end, and their plots are as mary and divers
As the species of birds. Instead, ove shatl move directly to their chitder. Consider the plight of the Fourth Generation. Ti
is the Anbions and almost exctusive Aistinction of having seen the Ancients in the flesh — of knocying their faces, the
voices, their loves and hatreds. Furthermore, as they knoty the Ancients, so they are themselves knovvn; yes, dovyn to the.
smallest secrets of their mortal pasts. This places them in an nxenviagle position vis-a-vis the Jyhad.A fter alt, to whom
Aves your sire turn when he 1s in neeAt Conth you defy a god che called you by namet

their ethers' sleeping minds will grove more strident; what was a dreamy, half-spoken wish will become a Aemand
in the name of tove, of Blovd, of a Ache toe great ever te be discharged. Pirty can it he othervviset Obey they must, and
and there ts no nse at atl in recriminations.

Wie ov turn to the Fifth GFeneration, of which J can speak with more anthority. Our situation is subtly Aifferex
T have met my granAsire once, yes, but that was ages age, and the conversation was brief. Lack of intimacy anda ;
blood-tie transtate to Aiminished obligation, or at least a Aiminished sense of it. We are close enough te see the Ancients'
Strategies at work — close enongh to serve, to rebel, to spy, te expose. Yet ove are Aistant enough that cvithdrarval is alse
A tempting possibility. We can more easily resist our sires than they can theirs. Vio wonder, then, that we make np the
greater part of the Inconnn.

Wie argue among ourselves, wvhite ove can still afford to. Some of ns say that our chieg Anty is te survive. These elders
conta have ns run to gronnd, wait for the eartare to pass avony, then emerge to rebuitd. With time, they say, all things
are possible — even the thovarting of the Ancients — but ive have done too little to hate. Jt ts too tate for half-measures,
anh wre must see this bloody cycle throngh first.

Then there are those tvho say that, unless ive take an active part novy, there will be xo vampire race nor even a haman
race to rectnim in the end. We can break the long chain of domination, they say, for we atone are strong enough, both as
individuals and as a brotherhood, te be our otvn masters.

Yon Raver my feelings on the matter, Aearest Hernia. |

Next, eve come to your ovwm generation and those immediately belovv it. Gin, Geven, Light: the self-proctaimes princes
of our kind. Fee indeed are aware, as you are, of horr hollow that glory is. They shrug their shontders in ignorance at
the mention of the Jyhad — or even Aismiss it as a fiction, a fancifnl ploy with which their sires try to enslave ther long
past their coming-of-age. Those whe do believe in the Ancients stumble about in the fog of occnltism, forming their cults
and cpriting their treatises, hoarding their pages from the First Book. Yet nv matter hocy they tabor, there is wo cvay for
their ilk to knw the trne will of onr forefathers! Thank your patron gods, Piermia, that they bronght you inte our fold; |
that you tvere deemed trusteverthy; that you had the strength to give np fleeting worldly porver for the sake of illumination.
Ai shoddy, davvAling illumination it has been; J kno. But yon shall see hovy even n little truth car shine in the Aark
nights ahead.

|

Tw oF Tn Bioop
64

combine the fire of your middle generations with the acchmutated knovvleAge of mine... then victory
assured. Bout too ferv of you seek, and, too perv of us give. Alas.
tomy theme.AAs the river of Blood wanders further from its source, it weakens, the ignorance increases
int at least onr youngest — the Winth Gfeneration and beyond — are acvare of their shortcomings. Most
tp their superiors as servants and ministers. The remainder strike out ov their ptvn, fleeing the
af Kindred society. Jn either case, it is survival they seek, rather than povver, and their hope is as vain
fathers.

Hermin, yon have xe Aonbt begnn to hear the tales, Just as modern man has learned to work the substance
inte exgnisite forms, the modern vampire seems to be devising entirely netv crafts from onr aged Blood.
, weak but endlessly inventive, clamor for recognition — and perhaps they are right to chain pur attention,
natural distaste and consider with me, 0 my pupil. Jt is true that each and every nation of Caine suffers
tr bnrden. Ask any vampire about his kin in the other clans, and he will produce a dozen hoary legends
it the patriarch's curse is npon them all. Amnsingly enough, only the Viosferatn seem willing to include
this general malediction! The Viosferatu clan is also the only one that admits to fearing its ovvm sire... but
for bome other letter. Of course, J am omitting from the present argument certain clans that are but pretenders

then, of these very young onest A gain, tvenk they may be, but at least they do not carry the flaws of their
siusply shrng off that tainted legacy. Furthermore, they use their porver with a free hand, dabbling nowy ix
Lnoev tn that as they please. fave they, as some of them claim, managed to carn our vampire Father's blessing
this simply anatnral progression' J spoke above of a river of Blood. You knotv that where a river ts pooverfnt
fresher frou: the source, only cataclysm or the action of centuries can move it from its acenstomed channels:
ke tributaries, where the flovy has diminished to a mere trickle, changes of course are much more easy and freguert.
ty it is far more comfortable for you and J to believe thus, since it Aves not force us to challenge our pride in that
marks xs as Brnjah, Lasombra. ye shonta beevare of comport!
Viddartha tells me the clantess are test ignored, left as a sort of appetizer for the feast of ages... They can stake
ilovy the terrible thirst of the 4 nclents, ard. at little cost to onr reserves of strength and cvishom. J must confess my
ent, but you Rnoty J am a confirmed Voddist and can never help going over the prophecies in my spare monents.
Of tate, a dream has returned and returned to mse. J am with my sire, and we are making notes as ive observe the
fight passing throngh a crystal prism. Fe looks at me and says, "The moonlight is purer, but the rainboty is a
ise." The vAd thing is that J seem to remember reatly having this conversation twith him. Yon are 0 Aonkt familiar
ithe Pichrevy legend concerning the raintowy, thatit twas ¥ ahoveh's promise never to send such a flood to Earth again,
anit all he averted after all — Aare J hope 50 wildly nov, then J can hear the roar of the wwaterst Fermin, J must
yk te you to restrain an oA man's fancy. Telt me J am a foot.

Nevertheless, J have hegnn to extend my hand, carefully, in as gentle a manner as J can manage — these young
startle and scatter as easily as voles npon hearing the hunter's tread. Jf they truly are Caine's favored, their voices
must be added to the symposinm, and we must listen. Before you object, remember that we have patiently endured the
nsness of Whatkav's chitder for lo, these many years; tell, perhaps our wizencd oracles can be spurred into sense
a little competition!

Tmnst have done with my ramblings and close this letter, my dear. Jt has been pleasant te think of your serions face,
bright as polished marble ix the candlelight, to imagine you syninting with your creak eyes at my terrible handcyritiveg: but
| the time ts top scant. Yon knoey cvell hory scant it is. And so J knove that you will forgive me, and think of me as yon go
- abont your many Antics, jnst as my prayers go with you alcvays. LL xtil we meet again, J remain yours, in eternal fetlourship

Cuiapter Two: Aas, Tat Great Cry
65

ww

to bring more bloodshed to the coming decade than the past
several centuries of Jyhad have seen.

The thin-blooded are in even more peril than most.
The Path of Blood, which accomplished Assamites follow,
holds that a vampire's blood must get ever stronger if he
hopes to achieve true enlightenment. Since those of the
thin-blooded generations obviously have little or no hope
of ever attaining such a blessed state themselves, they
should instead serve as sustenance for those who are more
worthy. And who knows? Perhaps if enough of their diluted
blood is absorbed, something can be learned of their unique
powers. The childer of Haqim will need such strength for
the battles to come, or so they insist.

GIOVANNI

Bah. Your Princeliness surely does not credit the slanders of
our enemies. Of all the clans of Caine, we alone have an
unblemished housekeeping record. We never Embrace without
the permission of our elder, nor do we bestow our gifts upon
strangers. When we are so attentive to the purity of our own
Blood, why should we burden ourselves with the riffraff and dregs
of other clans? Simply because I am a foreigner —what? Sorcery?
Your Highness, a Necromancer is concerned only with those
already dead.

— Elisabetta Putanesca, Giovanni ambassador to
New Orleans

The Giovanni have not had to worry much about
thinning blood within their ranks. The clan is simply too
young to have multiplied to such numbers, particularly
since most of them refuse to Embrace any but blood rela-
tives. Yet, because they hold no outside allegiances, they
needn't have any qualms about snatching up someone else's
errant childer should they wish to do so — and they now
stand accused of just that. After all, as Necromancers, it
only makes sense that they should take an interest in
vampires who claim to have gained supernatural insight
from their brief journey into death. At least a dozen seers
have disappeared from locations suspiciously convenient to
known seats of Giovanni power, particularly in New En-
gland and North Africa. But the Giovanni remain
close-mouthed on this subject, as on many others. All the
vampires of the sects know is that, lately, a good many
Giovanni have been turning up in places where they're not
supposed to be...

Tue Setites

No, no, I understand. It's a pretty tight spot you're in. I've
been there myself. And I sure am glad you opened your heart to
a friend instead of one of those Camarilla sharks. Well, I know
folks all over this country. There's this one fella, I just know
he'd love to help a bright and charming childe like you. All] ask
is that you take him alittle goodwill present from me. Mm-hmm,
itis a funny-looking box, and very old. What's in it? No, don't
open it, dear!

— Lyman, Setite bartender

The Serpents, too, have given indications of being os
the move. Particularly, those who hold boons from lea
lights of the Camarilla are now cashing them in.
wildest rumors allege that a general pilgrimage to O:
is under way, with the youngest leaving first, to be jo!
later by the elders as they finish tying up the loose e
their various schemes. Most Kindred scoff that this ij]
simply a new ploy, a deception, just like everything els |
the Followers of Set say or do, but others who know them)
better are disturbed by the possibilities.

Setites don't often actually introduce themselves as such |
— even to ignorant thin-blooded — on account of the near
universal opprobrium that darkens their name; but their]
influence reaches into the humblest, most unlikely places,
and a young fledgling could well gain one's acquaintance |
without ever knowing it. The Setites are attracted to vulner
ability and desperation, both of which are abundant among)
the thin-blooded. |

THe INconNu
On the edges of this rather bleak picture may lurk a |
glimmer of hope. After all, the Inconnu claim to be disgusted |
with the strife that divides the rest of Caine's childer. lta
won't interfere on behalf of the thin-blooded, perhaps they
will at least leave them in peace?

THE SCOURGE

The resurgence of the scourge, perhaps the most visible.
Kindred reaction to its hatred of the thin-blooded and its fear
of Gehenna, is certainly deserving of close attention. The
following section examines the institution in detail, from its
unprepossessing origins to its modern renaissance.

THe ScouRGEIN Former Times

No one knows who coined the term scourge; scholars
debate its antiquity. Nevertheless, surviving records sug-
gest that the scourge was known in old Babylon, Rome,
and Carthage.

The scourge's ancient duty was to "beat the bounds" —
in other words, to patrol the borders of his lord's territory,
driving out or killing any trespassers who might be found,
Although "trespasser" was usually taken to mean a vampire
who had failed to petition the lord for acceptance, the word
could also be used in its larger sense; thus, the scourge'
enemies could easily include aggressive Lupines or Kindred
who were undesirable for any reason.

Appointments to the post were informal and ad hoc, |
Since the world was considerably emptier than it is now,
vampire lords could and did claim sovereignty over vast
stretches of countryside, too large to patrol fully. Such lords
often did not appoint a scourge at all. Instead, they saved |
face by deliberately ignoring squatters — so long as those
squatters kept to the hardscrabble outer reaches of the |
domain. Others simply saw no reason to bother with a

Tie oF THN Boon

66

until war broke out nearby, sending its unruly tide
es across their lands.
er the centuries, especially in areas where clan
was rampant, the office was formalized and ex-
Some feudal-era princes kept a captain of the
who served as war-counselor in addition to securing
s, Other cities reluctantly accepted the protec-
}of a Cainite mercenary captain and his bloodthirsty
dangerously unemployed) soldiers while still others
the consigliere and gabellotti. During the Baroque
Jeast two ceremonial "knightly" orders were created
were open to any Kindred who held a military com-
from a recognized prince. Long-dead Kindred
, much to the dismay of their surviving acquaintan-
re inducted into these chivalric forgeries as
founding members."
" Allthese various officials were rarely called scourges, since
duties went far beyond a simple patrol, and no doubt they
dhave taken umbrage at being addressed by that primitive

— but they were no less feared by their victims.

Still, despite the increasing pomp and bombast associ-
it, the office was often left vacant or even
olished altogether. Militaries in all times and places have

expensive to maintain; and if money was of limited

est to the Kindred who served, they usually expected to
id handsomely in favors and privileges. Even the most
d of princes could generally only afford a sporadic
housecleaning."

From the Enlightenment onward, particularly once the
a and the Sabbat had settled into their respective
territories, the scourge gradually came to be re-
as a decorative farce, hardly worth the prestation
ent. But now, as the practice of illegitimate siring
es epidemic proportions, things have changed.

THe ScourGe Revisirep

Even the most isolated vampires of the Camarilla are
eatened by the swelling Kindred population. Competition
¢ hunting grounds increases nightly, and, far worse, some
ic Masquerade breaches have occurred that escaped
jotice only through Herculean clean-up efforts. Many
want to put a swift and brutal end to this threat. So far, the
budest outcry has come from the ancillae and younger elders
the vampiric bourgeoisie, so to speak — who are just
il enough to have something to lose, but cannot
themselves from danger with layer upon layer of
try, as their superiors do.

In response to the unrest, some princes have reinstated
he office of the scourge. They seem to consider it a hardship
ment and usually give the post to a subject who is
tent and loyal but not personally influential. (Indeed,
ny influence a scourge might have prior to assuming office
‘would soon erode; influence must be maintained, and his
‘duties would force him to spend most of his time on the

ww

chase.) Sometimes, scourges are required to bring their prison-
ers before the prince for formal judgment; but in the most
beset cities, they have advance license to deal as they like
with trespassers, up to and including Final Death.

This latitude has already led to a number of question-
able incidents. In some cases, legitimate Kindred who
simply happened to be unknown to the scourge have been
killed or arrested out of hand as autarkis. In others, scourges
chasing miscreants have strayed well past their prince's
borders, resulting in virulent arguments with neighbors
over jurisdiction.

Formal complaints have been brought to several princes
and justicars, and a conclave on the office of scourge may
convene in the near future. The question is a thorny one. On
the one hand, the sovereignty of the princes is traditionally
sacrosanct even though the Inner Circle and justicars claim
authority to pass judgment on them. On the other, the
vagabonds are acknowledged to be a universal menace, and
few want them to escape justice by the simple expedient of
crossing a border.

THe SCOURGEIN SABBAT CrTIes

Sabbat elders are familiar with the general concept of
the scourge, since it predates both sects. Most often,
however, the job of securing city borders is given to an
entire pack rather than to a single person. Such packs are
generally made up of vampires too weak to hold their own
anywhere but in the suburbs anyway, and their peers tend
to hold them in low regard. Any Sabbat pack is naturally
at liberty to dispose of trespassers on its turf, though many
bishops and archbishops offer handsome rewards for cap-
tured thin-blooded.

New DeveLopMENTS

In all the Camarilla tumult, the justicars have a historic
chance to expand their reach. Many vampires, disgusted with
the inertia of their elders and fearful for the survival of their
race, have banded into cabals to appeal for official sect
recognition of the scourge. Such a move would probably
place the office directly under the authority of the justicars,
which accomplishes three ends:

First, trespassers could be pursued across city bor-
ders, thus settling the jurisdiction dispute. At present, a
scourge whose prey eludes him must generally concede
the chase altogether, or else petition the neighboring
prince to call a new Blood Hunt — an unacceptable
delay, especially since many princes won't grant even a
trifling request until they have carefully considered its
merits and then kept the supplicant waiting for an appro-
priately humiliating interval.

Second, standard rules of engagement would be estab-
lished for the office, thus preventing any additional fatal
misunderstandings of the sort that have already scandalized
the Camarilla. (A recent incident in which Amsterdam's

Charmer Two: ALas, Tuat Great Cry

67


we

scourge pursued a young seer straight into the arms of a
bewildered Ventrue ambassador from Diisseldorf, then killed
them both without so much as stopping to ask the Ventrue's
name, is cited as the most egregious example. The horror
stories accumulate monthly.)

Third, the princes would be held to a higher level of
accountability. After all, itrarely takes much to tidy up for
an archon's visit, and afterward things can go back to
business as usual. But if the justicar's eyes and ears were
always present in the person of the scourge, princes might
be encouraged to make a more constant effort on behalf of
their residents.

This reform movement is currently in its infancy, but it
could easily expand out of control. After all, mired as they
are in feudal politics, Camarilla Kindred have not failed to
notice the rise of democracy in the mortal nations. They
know the power of numbers — and now they have a cause
far-reaching and urgent enough to unite them. Clever
justicars can use propaganda and rhetoric to agitate them
even further; with luck, a big enough stink could be raised
to "force" the Inner Circle itself to action.

All the ingredients are present for a witch-hunt of epic
proportions: a frightened majority; a dangerous, contempt-
ible throng of potential scapegoats; an unscrupulous leadership
eager to tighten the reins of control. It would take but a nudge
here or there to set everything in motion.

Mopus OperRanDi

Technically, the scourge can't simply walk up to some
one and perform an on-the-spot execution (though a fey
choose to overlook this impediment). Most princes arenone J,
theless willing to grant the scourge a limited amount of }
discretion in handling offenders. Taking prisoners is easy
enough to justify; and if those prisoners should forcibly resist,
the scourge can kill them and claim self-defense. Anyway,
who really cares to question the exact manner of an
undesirable's death, as long as the problem is dealt with? Irs
not as though there aren't enough vampires running around,

Naturally, critics point out that such a policy can and
does lead to regrettable mistakes. This is one of the reasons
behind the growing call for justicar intervention.

Once the scourge has his victims — assuming they
survive arrest — he either dispenses justice himself or brings
them before the prince to make a formal accusation, In some
cities, he must also collect as much information as possible
about the errant vampires: names, clans (if any), mortal and
immortal associations, probable identity of the sires, etc. This
encourages the scourge to conduct an actual investigation
rather than a simple search-and-destroy mission (which may
miss the source of the problem completely).

The matter then passes to the discretion of the prince,
Generally, she will order immediate execution for the prison-
ers, unless other considerations intrude, such as curiosity

Tiwe oF TH Boop
68

rs or the need to extract information. As
sires, if they are known residents of the
ay be granted the mercy ofa hearing. Should
be out of pocket, however, a Blood Hunt will

Fie thin-blooded aren't the only victims of the
the hardest hit. The scourge is often the first
t that a thin-blooded vampire makes with
la or, indeed, with the rest of his kind.

scourge is bound to be a frightening appari-
appears. She need notalways be immediately
er. She may want information on the loca-
vagrants. She may be curious about the
es of her appointed enemy, or she may have
seek a seer's advice. Thin-blooded who keep a
may be able to negotiate for their unlives, if not
‘scourge, then with the prince who must make the

tely for Storytellers, the scourge is generally
ya local jurisdiction and can't personally chase a group

srs from city to city. However, she forgives insults
s easily than other vampires. Thin-blooded who
to embarrass the scourge by evading her will probably
emselves harassed by her contacts and agents in other
TPs not uncommon for scourges to offer generous
— or better yet, persuade their princes to offer such
— for the capture of particularly recalcitrant foes.
‘metcenary-minded Gangrel have discovered that a
i career can be made simply by rounding up any vagrants

they come across in their travels and bringing them to the
local scourge for a reward.

ASSAMITE SCOURGES

Freed from the Tremere curse and anxious about the
coming reckoning, many Assamites fervently pursue
diablerie. Some Camarilla princes have trouble finding
anyone among their subjects who is trustworthy, capable
and willing to assume the onerous task of population
control. A possible mutual solution is to subcontract, as it
were, an Assamite to serve as the scourge — with the
understanding that the Assamite will be granted rights of
diablerie over the condemned. Needless to say, the
Camarilla largely frowns on alliances with the rafiq, espe-
cially since they were specifically forbidden to practice
their trade in the Treaty of Tyre; so long as the Assamite
in question makes some statement of allegiance and thus
technically ceases to be a paid killer, the sect has scant
grounds for objection.

However, other Kindred in the city may voice deep
displeasure at having an assassin in their midst, should they
learn of it. Princes must also beware: Diablerie is only one of
the Assamites' many goals. Some rafiq who offer their skills
are renowned scholars among their own people; by capturing
and examining thin-blooded vampires, they hope to gain
occult secrets.

Assamite scourges sometimes offer their victims a
chance to convert and be smuggled off for training in the
"True Path" rather than brought before the prince. Such
an option may seem quite attractive to prisoners, despite
the obvious misgivings.

(iam Two: Aus, THat Great Coy

o


Those who came before me
Lived through their vocations...
— New Order, "Blue Monday"

Most vampires are selective about whom they Embrace.
Most childer were quite competent even in their living days, and
hey gain further skill under a sire's tutelage before they become
ee neonates. Indeed, the Embrace itself seems to enhance
people's abilities maybe it'spart of the curse, ormaybe theshock
Uefbecoming undead simply forces people to push themselves.
Such isnot true of the thin-blooded. Odds are, their sires
cked them for frivolous reasons and didn't bother with any
‘liberate training. They are more like average people. Thin-
led characters can gain the competence of any other
ate vampire — if they survive —but they start play with
Hewer dots in Traits than "normal" vampire neonates. In
general, however, character creation rules for 14th- and
| 5th-generation vampiresremain very much like the rules for
"*pormal" Vampire characters.

Storytellers should be aware that thin-blooded char-
"acters, under the auspices of these rules, make use of
"tertain Merits and Flaws. Storytellers, if you do not permit
| Merits and Flaws in your chronicle, you should make a
| special exception in the case of thin-blooded characters.
| if every character in a given chronicle is thin-blooded,
however, you may wish to negate the appropriate Merits
and Flaws altogether, as the players' characters will all
"have that in common, thus removing the need for such
mechanical distinctions.

11

Step One: CHARACTER CONCEPT

The first step in designing a thin-blooded vampire is just the
sameasfora "normal" vampire—orany gamecharacter, really. First
you must decide who this person is. Start with their mortal life. Who
was this person before they became vampire? What was their past,
what did they do for a living, who were their friends, and so on.

Next, who Embraced the characterand why? Thecharacter's
sire had some reason, however frivolous or misguided, for
Embracing one person and not another. In the Camarilla,
vampires receive few opportunities to sire childer with their
elders' blessings; as a result they pick their childer carefully.
Many Kindred select a childe for special abilities or social
influence she possesses. A childe may be a protégée, a lover or
merely an ornament, but she also represents her sire to other
Kindred. Camarilla vampires seldom feel such strong emotion
that they sire a childe whom they know will disgrace them. The
Sabbatalsoselectchilder forstrategic reasons (atleast when they
aren't siring masses of cannon fodder for assaults).

The thin-blooded and their sires rarely exercise such
care. For instance, they casually Embrace lovers in expecta-
tion of an "eternal" affection, or they try to save a sick
relative's life by granting him undeath. On the other hand, a
vampire might Embrace an enemy asa way to make her suffer.
On rare occasions, vampires might even Embrace through

Choose Virtues a : :
© Step Five: Finishing T. She.

|. Record Virtues, Willpower, Humanity and Bios age
Add Merienanid Flaws (if an

Sinaia he titettreer se
siumcicstetbngg ta bisiers acc Sanne "Omigod, I took too
much, he'sdying! Maybe he'll get better if I put some back...

How long did the character's sire stick around? Ifher sire
is still around, what relationship do they have? If not, why did
the sire leave? And how much did the sire explain about
vampirism and the world of the Kindred? Odds are, it wasn't
much: The riffraff responsible for the thin-blooded generally
don't know much themselves.

So the character became a vampire... what then? How
does the character feel about being undead? What has she
gained and lost? What hopes and ambitions does she have,
and what stands in her way?

Make sure your character has "hooks" the Storyteller can use
to involve her in stories: Friends and relatives from their mortal
days, to whom they still feel obligation; enemies whom they still
hate (or fear); goals and desires strong enough to lead them into
danger; things they have that other people want, or things they
want that other people have. These are all classic hooks.

(Strangely, some players try to make characters com-
pletely without "hooks," ones who have no weaknesses and no
ties to the rest of the world. What's the point of playing a
character who never gets involved except when someone tries
to kill him? Besides, this is Vampire! Your character will find
himselfembroiled in the schemes of others, no matter what you
do; you might as well make sure it happens in a way you find
entertaining. Storytellers love players who give suggestions.)

When you've gotten to know your character thi
deciding on her Nature and Demeanor is a snap.
Finally, consider the character's appearance. Wh;
the character look like? How does he dress?

GENERATION
Decide whether the vampire is 14th- or 15th:

This will determine the size of the character's usable!

and Discipline limits. Fourteenth- and 15th-generation va

pires have different innate limitations and weaknesses. Belt

14th-or 15th-generation is a Flaw (see below for details),

CLAN

About halfofall 14th-generation vampires become Cai
The rest, of course, belong to their sires' clans. When:
14th-generation characterfrom scratch, you may decide
the vampire has a clan or numbers among the Caitiff.

It may happen that a 13th-generation character si
childe in the course of a story. The new vampire has
percent chance of becoming a Caitiff. The Storyteller rolls,
die (or uses some other random process): An even

and simply decide, but the 50 percent figure exists in the
World of Darkness and should be kept in mind. :
All L5th-generation vampires are Caitiff. No es
tions! The Curse of Caine has weakened so much that, by;
15th Generation, the Blood can no longer sustain the sp
affinities that define the clans.

Note: Don't pay too much attention to clan st
They are not very reliable as a guide to the thin-blookil
Vampire clan members tend to select childer who reser
themselves, just as they reflect their own sires. Thus, Toreador
havea reputation as artists because, for generations, artistic clan |
members have Embraced other aesthetes; likewise, scholarly |
Tremere pick other scholars, wealthy Ventrue pick other:
leaders, and so on. Although every clan has numerous excey
tions, itstill makes sense tospeak ofa "typical Gangrel" or ‘classic |
Tzimisce." In contrast, no plan guides the Embrace of thin-
blooded vampires, noteven inastatistical sense. The lineage may
say Toreador, but the sire probably didn't know she "ought to" |
Embracea good-looking artist instead of, say, the pretty but vapid
barfly to whom she felt an attraction. Clan affiliation is the least
important aspect of a thin-blooded character.

Speciat ARCHETYPES

Is the character a seer or inceptor? If so, these character-
istics determine many other aspects of the character. Does
she want to join the Camarilla or the Sabbat (or even know
that these sects exist)? Does she rebel with the anarchs or
walk the lonely path of the autarkis? Or does he ignore
politics and concentrate on mortal relationshipsas.a Cleaver?

Step Two: ATTRIBUTES

Nascent 14th- and 15th-generation vampire characters
receive only six dots to assign to their primary class of Attributes,

Tiwe OF Tun Broo

2

for their tertiary Attributes. Since no plan guides the
ce of thin-blooded vampires, physical, social or mental
are equally likely to be primary. Remember, also, that
vampires are still entitled to the one "free" dot in
Auribute to reflect the fact that they were once human.

p THRee: ABILITIES
‘Neonates of the highest generations start with 12 dots in
heir primary class of Abilities, eight in their secondary class,
five in their tertiary Abilities. Again, Talents, Skills or

nowledges may be primary. As is true for all starting vam-
atthis stage of character creation no Ability can receive

gating higher than 3 dots.

Step Four: ADVANTAGES
Like all vampires, the thin-blooded have Disciplines,

The thin-blooded begin play with only two dots in
ines. They can buy more with freebie points. Note,
ver, that 14th-generation vampires can never raise any
line higher than four dots, and 15th-generation vam-

Fourteenth-generation vampires who belong to a clan
assign these starting dots only to their Clan Disciplines.
iff may have any Discipline they can justify learning.

BACKGROUNDS
Just like all starting Vampire characters, the thin-blooded
receive five dots in Backgrounds. Here, positive and negative
factors balance out. On one hand, their weak position in vampire
‘older and stronger-blooded vampires enjoy. On the other hand,
theyhavenot been dead longenough to withdraw completely from
the connections they had as mortals. The thin-blooded seldom
\ find opportunities to blood bond the mayor or control big corpo-
tations; they are more likely, however, to keep good relations with
abrotheron the police force, the family priest oran old office buddy.
Obviously, l4th-and 15th-generation vampires may not
allocate dots to Generation. They can, however, buy dots in
a Background no other vampire can have: Insight (see p.74
for the Insight Background).

Virtues

The thin-blooded don't get shorted everywhere. They
receive seven dots to spend on their Virtues. Most thin-
blooded subscribe to the Virtues of Conscience, Self-Control
and Courage, as virtually all of them subscribe to the tenets of
Humanity. It is possible, though extremely unlikely, fora thin-
blooded vampire to begin play on a Path of Enlightenment;
such characters receive only five points worth of Virtuesanddo
not enjoy a "free" dot in anything other than Courage. Story-
tellers need not allow players to start thin-blooded characters
on Paths of Enlightenment, however. Only the Sabbatand the

B

independent clans espouse Paths of Enlightenment, as do the
rare, anomalous vampires who have bizarre reasons in their
past to do so. Very few thin-blooded vampires have had the
time or the opportunity to pursue alternate moralities.

Step Frve: FInisHInGc TOUCHES

The final steps in building a character involve calculat-
ing the Willpower and Humanity scores, spending freebie
points (thus possibly getting more through Flaws) and finding
the character's starting number of blood points.

WILLpoweR

Starting Willpower equals Courage rating, as for any
other vampire character.

HUMANITY

The character's starting Humanity rating is derived just as
forother vampire characters (Conscience + Self-Control). Most
14th- and 15th-generation vampires follow Humanity. While
nothing outright forbids a thin-blooded vampire from following
a Path of Enlightenment, these "alternate moralities" demand
special (and often nasty) training over a course of years. |

BLoop Poor

As explained in Chapter One, blood pool gets a little
complicated for the thin-blooded. They can carry up to 10
blood points, just likea 13th-generation vampire. On the other
hand, they cannot use all those blood points to heal wounds,
raise Physical Attributes or fuel Disciplines. A 14th-generation
vampire can expend only eight of his blood points on such
things. A 15th-generation vampire can expend only six of his
blood points on anything but surviving through his daily sleep.

To begin, however, roll one die to find how many blood
points a thin-blooded character has at the start of play.

FREEBIE POINTS

As a partial compensation, 14th- and 15th-generation
starting characters receive 18 freebie points. Except for Disci-
plines, all Traits cost the same as for normal vampires:
Additional dots of Disciplines cost more because of the thin-
blooded's lack of training.

MERITS AND FLAWS

The Last Generations have access to all the Merits and
Flaws of other vampires. (Admittedly, some would not
make a great deal of sense. A lowly and despised 15th-
generation Caitiff is not likely to wield significant influence
over much domain or claim a prestigious sire.) They also
have three Flaws that define them: 14th Generation, 15th
Generation and Thin-Blooded. A starting character can
take up to seven points in Flaws — no more. The three
special Flaws count toward that total. Of course, a character
can have more Flaws if the player thinks they help define
the character; the character merely does not receive extra
freebie points for them. Also, Merits and Flaws are subject
to Storyteller discretion — Storytellers, if you don't like

'em, don't use em.

Charen Toate: A STAN ON THE SouL


{0.G)

New TRAITS

With the increase of high-generation vampires in the Time
of Thin Blood, certain new Traits have arisen among the undead.
Asalways, the Storyteller is the final arbiter of whether ornotnew
Traits are permitted in her chronicle, but these new Traits lend
themselves particularly well to thin-blooded characters.

New BACKGROUND

INSIGHT

"You will show our prince respect, whelp!" The hairy
vampire who called himself the scourge shoved Ray to the ground,
which was carpeted with a fabric the young Kindred had never felt
before. Ray gave him a withering glare, all it was in his power to
do, given the circumstances.

Behind Ray, someone cleared his throat — a curiously
mortal gesture. The woman wore a dazzling evening dress, as if
this trifle prevented her from doing whatever else it was she had
designs on tonight. She said, "Ah, young one. I see you have met
Bernard. I am his prince, just as I am yours."

Ray tilted his head, his eyes glazing over briefly. "You're not
the prince," he whispered raggedly. "You killed the old prince and
took her face."

Some vampires of the 14th and 15th Generations have
an uncanny, well, insight into the plots and intrigues of elder
vampires. They get strange hunches and prophetic dreams,
blurt out names they should not know and sometimes even
see waking visions of Gehenna.

Insight is only the most popular name for this knack.
Other names range from the pretentiously pseudo-scholarly,
such as "Prognostication," to the casual and slangy, such as
"pickin' up the vibes." Vampires with Insight are called seers
(less often, oracles, Delphics or Cumaeans; also dreamers,
psychics, snoops and tattletales).

Insight has its origin in the near-death experience of the
Embrace. Thin-blooded vampires often spend a long time
caught at the brink of Final Death and oblivion. As they
struggle back to the lands of the (un)living, some new vampires
see visions of the past and future of the Kindred and learn
secrets of the Jyhad. When they wake up they forget most of
what they saw, just as mortals forget most of their dreams, but
the knowledge may return in visions or spontaneous hunches.
If they ever realize what's going on, such seers can try to
reconnect to the source and deliberately provoke such visions.

Freesie Point Costs
Attribute 5 per dot
Ability 2 per dot
Discipline 10 per dot
Background 1 per dot
Humanity 1 per dot
Willpower L per dot SS

Experience Points CHART

Many Traits have the same experience point cost ta}
raise as for normal vampires. Disciplines and}
Thaumaturgical Paths constitute a notable exception,|
Because of the highest generations' weak blood, Disci-||
plines and Paths of Thaumaturgy cost roughly twice i
many experience points as for lower-generation vampires |
New Ability 3
New Path
(Thaumaturgy or Necromancy) 10
New Discipline 15
Attribute ‘current rating x4
Ability current rating x 2
Clan Discipline Current rating x 10 |)
Other Discipline current rating x 14 |)
(Thaumaturgy or Necromancy) current rating
Caitiff (thin-blooded) Discipline current rating x 12 ]
Virtue current rating x 2#)]
Humanity current rating x 2.
Willpower currentrating |

* Increasing a Virtue through experience does not] |
increase Traits based on that Virtue (Humanity, Willpower}

Like all Backgrounds, Insight operates on a scale of one }
to five dots.

° The occasional odd feeling
oe Intuitive
eee Visionary

Uncanny
eeeee You see more of the Jyhad's movements than any-
one but the Ancients themselves.

Note, however, that Insightis notan All-Purpose Magic-
Answer Machine. Most of the time, Insight is vague, or the
visions are obscure and symbolic. The more powerful the
vampires involved, the less direct Insight will be. Even the
most successful Insight only refers to Antediluvians through
symbol and metaphor.

Example: While kneeling before the prince , Tisha the Caitiff
has a powerful flash of Insight. She sees the prince's throat ripped
open by another vampire and blurts out, "Caesar, beware the ides
of March!" She doesn't know that the prince's grandsire is named
Brutus. She has seen the prince's death in Gehenna, at the fangs
of his own Methuselah grandsire.

What's more, Insight reveals only information about
plots and conflicts driven by vampires. This doesn't necessar-
ily involve the lead-up to Gehenna... at least, not directly.
The Methuselahs and Antediluvians don't control every
vampire, or even every elder. Most conflicts berween vam-
pires have no wider significance.

Tw Or Tan Boop

4

the other hand, the petty wars between the elders ensure
Kindred will not mount a unified resistance when the
entsawaken to devour theirdescendants. While the Ancients

‘cause every scheme and squabble, they benefit from these

Jyhads. Insight detectssuch minor plots, too (and causes justas
juch resentment among the elders whose secrets are revealed).
The spontaneous dreams, hunches and visions occur at
Storyteller's discretion. The Storyteller can use spontane-
Insight to feed information to the character and lead her
trouble (er, stories). The Storyteller decides when sponta-

Insight occurs. On these occasions, she rolls one die per
of Insight the character has, at difficulty 6. The number of

es determines the clarity of the information:
Convincing but completely false information.
Nothing
A vague sense of hidden significance.
Knowledge that a person, object or event
jsimportant. A name, face or symbolic image of a person, but
"without explanation.
S successes Hints to hidden plots, but in puzzling sym-
bolsand riddles. At least one significant detail is clearly revealed.
4 successes Significant information clearly revealed
— but not completely. Perhaps one short scene about an
‘Ancient'sactivities, or someone's fate when Gehennacomes.
F successes Dangerous detail. One person's motives
| tevealed in full. Major participants in a conflict identified,
ut withour explanation.

Someone with Insight can also deliberately try to prov-
| okea hunch or vision abouta person orsituation. This usually
provides less detailed information and may well fail com-
pletely. In rules terms, the player of the character can make
Insight roll (one die per point of the Background she
possesses), but at difficulty 8. It's all too easy to deceive
oneself and mistake some stray thought for a psychic flash.

If the Insight roll gives disappointing results, the player
can roll again ina later scene — but at difficulty 9. The player
can try again in scenes after that, but at difficulty 10. At this
point, rolling a botch becomes as likely as rolling a success. A
seer can't keep begging the Great Beyond for clues about
another vampire. The difficulty for deliberate Insight drops
back to 8 only when a new chapter of the story begins.

A seer's player can make deliberate Insight rolls for as
many subjects as she wants — so long as the subjects have no
relation to each other. The Storyteller has final say over
whether two queries are genuinely distinct, orjustan attempt
to approach a single subject from different angles.

Ifa character fails or botches two Insight rolls in the same
scene, she becomes exhausted and unable to call upon the powers
of insight for the remainder of the story (not the scene). Also, only
vampires of the 14th and 15th Generations may possess Insight.

Group INsIGHT
A group of seers can try for deliberate Insight together in
order to get more information. In stark rules terms, this is easy.

5

ww

Each seer makes an Insight roll at difficulty 8, and then they
pool their successes. (They also pool their ones, so deliberate
Insight still isn't completely reliable). To participate, however,
each seer must expend a Willpower point. This expenditure
does not add automatic successes to the Insight roll, though; it
only lets each seer contribute to the pool of successes.

In storytelling terms, group Insight is a bit more difficult.
Just gathering a group of seers may be a challenge. Even if two
seers meet, they won't necessarily trust each other. In some
regions, clever scourges may employ fake seers as "Judas goats"
to draw real seers out of hiding so the latter can be imprisoned
orslain. Gathering a group of seers can become a story in itself.

Additionally, the seers must agree on some sort of ritual to
guide their attempt at Insight. Real occult beliefs provide many
examples of divinatory rituals, from Ouija boardsand Tarot cards
to reading the entrails of slaughtered animals. Without some
such ritual framework, the seers cannot pool their successes.

(This doesn't mean that the ritual has any genuine magic
power. Any agreed-upon ritual will do. The ritual merely has
to put the participants in a special frame of mind, in which
they accept that they can pull knowledge from the void.)

At first the characters should have no idea how group
Insight works. When they hear that it may be possible, or |
speculate about this themselves, the Storyteller can build more
stories about attempts to learn how group Insight works. Char-
acters can search for other seers who have successfully performed
group Insight (or think they have...), consult occultists and
magicians, or read arcane texts for guidance. If the characters
decide that obtaining a group vision requires that they offer up
one of their number asa sacrifice in the deepest chamber of the
Great Pyramid, the Storytelleris underno obligation to tell them
that they'd do as well sitting around a Ouija board.

After all this trouble, the rewards may be great. The
participants may well discover one of the great secrets of the
Jyhad, such as the true goal of a particular Methuselah. As
with solo deliberate Insight, they can make multiple attempts
— but again, the difficulty rises each time.

INSIGHT AND AUSDER

Auspex and Insight work well together. Auspex can
sometimes trigger episodes of spontaneous Insight; Insight
can tell when one should use Auspex.

Heightened Perception (Auspex Level One) sometimes
warns its possessor of danger, from immediate threats (suchasagun
pointed arthe character) to subtle threats (such asan enemy'splot
to murder him). Ifa threat connects to the schemes of local elders,
sensing the threat through Auspex may also trigger spontaneous
Insight about the motivations behind the threat.

Example: Tisha senses a sniper aiming a rifle at her, just in time
to prevent her head fram being splattered. The Storyteller decides that,
as she runs, she has aflash of spontaneous Insight: She gets ahunch that
aBngah gang lord is involved. Since she received only two successes on
her Insight roll, she doesn't know whether the old Brujah actually
ordered the murder attempt. He could also be "involved" because
someone feared that Tisha would help him, or for some other reason.

(Cuaprer Turee: A StAIN ON THE SouL


ww

The Spirit's Touch (Auspex Level Three) complements
Insight if the objectscanned has some significance in a Jyhad.
Most simply, a flash of spontaneous Insight can tell a charac-
ter that an object is worth examining.

Example; While Brody visits the haven of a contact in the
Camarilla, the sight of a TV remote-control fills him with obscure
dread (one success on spontaneous Insight). Brody asks his friend to
humor him while he uses Spirit's Touch. Brody receives nwo suc-
cesses: He sees a vision of a ring of fire around the remote, and hears
aghostly chanting. When he reports this result, his friend smashes the
remote with a hammer and dumps it in the trash. She explains herself
with one word, a word new to Brody: "Tremere!" But what
nefarious spell did the Tremere place on the TV remote, and why?

A character can also use deliberate Insight with Spirit's
Touch to get more information about people who have
interacted with an object in the past. Normally, Spirit's
Touch provides only basic information about a person who.
used an object, such as her age, gender, hair color or emo-
tional state at the time. Perhaps the Auspex user envisions a
"snapshot" of a scene in the past — but without explanation.
Deliberate Insight can add details of motivation that Spirit's
Touch cannot detect. Best of all, every two successes on
Spirit's Touch reduces the difficulty of deliberate Insight by
one (divide the number of successes by two and round down).

Example: The Ventnue primogen greatly values his icon, Caine
as Prince of the First City. When Brody uses Spirit's Touch on the
a middle-aged man in the garb of a Renaissance nobleman (Brody
received avery good roll to get information from a hundred years ago) .
Auspex does not explain that the man was the primogen's sire, but
Insight may. With a good Insight roll, Brody might even leam that the
Pprimogen's sire gave him the icon as a reminder of loyalty, and the
Pprimogen now schemes to become prince as part of his sire's plans.

All these results assume that the object does in fact have
some connection toa Jyhad. Most objects do not —not even
when their owner is hip-deep in intrigue.

Example: Spirit's Touch on the prince's heavy, brass paperweight
reveals that someone used it to kill someone else. The full story is that
the prince used the paperweight to bash in the skull ofan Anarch leader's
insulting ghoul. Insight won't detect that, though: The prince did the
murder in a fit of temper, not as part of some extended scheme.
INSIGHT AND DEMENTATION

Dementation Level Three can reveal hidden information
in much the same way as Insight (although Eyes of Chaos is not
limited to the doings of the Jyhad). Eyes of Chaos can comple-
ment Insight muchas Auspex can. Foreverysuccessatdeliberate
Insight, the difficulty foran Eyes of Chaos examination drops by
‘one, or vice versa, depending on which the character uses first.

INSIGHT SHOCK

One can see entirely too much through group Insight.
The seers may get so much information, of such a shocking
nature and perceived so intensely, that their mindsshutdown
from the overload.

If Group Insight results in 6 or more successes, all the
participants must make a Willpower roll with the number,
Group Insight successes as the difficulty. If a particip
succeeds at this roll, she is shaken but unharmed. If she f
she enters an involuntary torpor (see Vampire: The
querade, p. 216 for the duration of torpor).

INSIGHT AND TORPOR

Every time a vampire with Insight enters an involuntary
torpor (including through insight shock) she may experi
spontaneous insight. Once more, hersoul walks the bot
of oblivion and eternity, with the past and future
before her. Just as she did in her Embrace, she forgets mostof
what she sees in her death-dreams... but notall of it. She may |
awaken with a valuable new clue to the Great Jyhad.

A seer's player might think of inducing a bout of Insight |
by having the character wound or starve herself into torpor. |
This rarely works; the Great Beyond is not so easily fooled,
Because the torpor comes about through the character's own.
desire, it is not really involuntary. The Storyteller should use |
the rules for deliberate Insight instead. |

After a torpor-induced episode of Insight, the Storyteller ]
should also review how well the seer has been played. Did the |
player make the character's Insight an important aspect of the
character and the story? (Whether the character loves his |
Insight, hates it, is awed by its power or is maddened by its |
inconstancy doesn't matter. Only the intensity of thecharacter' |
involvement does matter.) Ifso, the Storyteller may award the |
character another dot of Insight (up to the maximum of 5). The \
character's repeated sojourn atthe border ofdeath has strength-
ened her connection to the source of Insight. On the other
hand, if the Storyteller feels that the player has treated Insight |
as just another game mechanic or "kewl" power, she does not
need to grant the added Insight.

Last GENERATION FLAWS

(AND Merits)

Except for the two Flaws that define the 14th and 15th
Generations, all Merits and Flaws are strictly optional. A
Storyteller doesn't have to allow them unless he wants to; |
they can, however, add "color" to a character.

THIN BLOOD DEFINED

Ifa new character has a generation lower than 13th, this
costs Background dots or freebie points. Conversely, a 14th-
or 15th-generation vampire earns bonus freebie points in
addition to the ones he receives automatically as part of
character creation for taking Thin Blood. Taking either of
these generational Flaws obviously precludes buying the
Generation Background. Vampires of the Last Generations
also may not begin play with any sort of Status.

The Last Generations also have the Flaw of "Thin Blood."
For 14th-generation vampires, this flaw is common but not
mandatory. Fifteenth-generation vampires have it automatically

Tie OF Thin Boop 4

16

oo

(it is factored into their generation Flaw) and other debilities
besides — but also certain advantages that counterbalance
them. Other vampires can take the Thin Blood Flaw, but
vampires of lower generation do not get benefits of the Insight
Background or the ability to create new Disciplines.

Chapter One discusses various aspects of the 14th and
15th Generations in greater detail.

14TH GeNeRATION (2-pT. DHYSICAL FLAw)

You were sired justa few years ago by a member of the 13th
Generation. Although you can have up to 10 blood points in
your body, you can use only eight of them to heal wounds, raise
Attributes or fuel those Disciplines that require vitae.

You can still use the final two blood points for other
purposes, though. The blood point costs of nightly rising,
creating/sustaining ghouls and creating blood bonds remains
the same as for other vampires.

You cannot raise any Discipline above Level Four.

Many 14th-generation vampires also have other Flaws re-
lated to their thin blood — especially the "Thin Blood" Flaw itself.

16TH Generation (4-pt. DHysIcar FLAw)
Your vitae is so weak that only six of your 10 blood points
can be used for Disciplines, healing or raising Attributes. For
these functions, you must expend two blood points to obtain the
effect a normal vampire would achieve with one. (The cost for
nightly rising remains a single blood point.) What's more, you
cannot create or sustain ghouls, create a blood bond or sire a
vampiric childe. You can use the remaining four blood points to
survive through the day and wake up each night, nothing more.
You cannot raise any Discipline above Level Three.
The weakening of the Curse of Caine has compensations,
though (which distinguish this Flaw from the Thin Blood Flaw
itself). Sunlight does lethal damage to you, instead of aggravated
damage as it does to other vampires. You can hold down mortal
food and drink for an hour or so; other vampires vomit immedi-
ately if they try (unless they have the Eat Food Merit). Strangest
ofall, once ina while you might actually havea child the normal,
human way... though it will not be a normal human child!

Tun BLoop (4-pr. Duysicar Fraw)

The Curse of Caine runs weakly in your blood. While
you suffer all the ill effects of vampirism, from the need for
blood to taking aggravated damage from sunlight, you do not
receive all the compensating supernatural powers. While you
can expend blood points to heal wounds, raise Attributes or
fuel those Disciplines that need them, all blood point costs
are doubled. What's more, your vitae cannot sustain ghouls or
create blood bonds. When you try to sire childer, the Embrace
only has a 20 percent chance to succeed. Otherwise, it leaves
you with an inconvenient corpse.

OTHER FLAws

The Last Generations are prone to other Flaws as well,
reflecting the weakness of Caine's curse and blessing upon them.

Chaprer Tunes: A Stain ON THe Sou

71


ad
RAVAGING YEARS (2-pT. SUPERNATURAL FLAW)
The curse of Caine did not grant you immortality. You
still age, just very slowly — perhaps one mortal year forevery
20 calendar years. Most of the time, neither you nor anyone
else would notice, but eventually you will grow old and die.
Sometimes your aging speeds up: Like a ghoul, your
deferred aging can return in a rush. Whenever you heal
aggravated wounds, you age a year in the course ofa single day's
sleep. That may not sound like much, but over the course of a
century it can really add up. It gives a great incentive to avoid
sunlight, fire and the fangs of one's fellow vampires.

Hemetic (4-pr. MENTAL FLAw)

The very idea of drinking blood disgusts you and makes you
physicallyill. .. awkward fora vampire. In orderto hold the blood
within your system until you absorb it, you must make a Stamina
roll at difficulty 8. Failure means the sudden, humiliating and
extremely messy loss of all newly consumed blood points as you
retch them out (the truly pathetic could carry a barf bag and try
again). The only way to avoid nausea is to feed while frenzying:
In that horrid state, with the Beast in full control, you can keep
blood down. Aside from the social embarrassment frenzy can
cause, however, it tends to endanger the Masquerade; you might
aswell phone up the local scourge and ask ifhe makes house calls.

CLAN WeAHNESS (2-pT. SUPERNATURAL FLAW)
Thisone''s for Caitiff. Even though youdid notbecomea full
member of yoursire's clan, and do not get the cost break for Clan
Disciplines, you still suffer from that clan's natural weakness.
What's more, some Caitiff just spontaneously replicate clan
weaknesses, with no connection to their ancestry. While this
can help one pretend to be a member of the appropriate clan, it
can be deadly if one does not know about it — or what other
vampires might think. (In Camarilla territory, for instance, a
Caitiff who casts no reflection — the notorious weakness of the
Lasombra clan — might have to answer hard questions.)

Decreprrupe (3-pt. SUPERNATURAL FLAW)

No thin-blooded vampire has felt the full force of this
Flaw. None of them have existed long enough. In time, they
will learn its full horror.

The Curse of Caine holds most vampires in ageless stasis,
repairing any damage they might suffer. In your case, the Curse
doesn't always succeed at fully repairing damage. When healing
aggravated damage, the player must make a Stamina roll. The
difficulty is 5 plus the number of levels of aggravated damage
currently sustained (For instance, if you had taken 2 health levels
of aggravated damage, the difficulty would be 7. After healing
one level, the difficulty would drop to 6.) Failure means that,
despite regaining the health level, your body still shows signs of
damage. Perhaps burnt hair won't regrow or a healed wound
leaves a scar. Botching the roll means losing one dot of some
Physical Attribute or Appearance, chosen by the Storyteller.

You can repair this damage, if you know a skilled plastic
surgeon —or mortician — who is privy to the Masquerade, but
it's not easy. After all, the surgeon has to doa fair bit of cutting

Twi Or Tn Boon
78

qo. On the one hand, you receive a difficulty of only 6 to heal
the wounds caused by the surgeon. On the other hand, you
might receive another botch and be worse off than before.

As the decades pass and Attributes drop, decay sets in.
Eventually you become ashambling, animate corpse. Atsuch
apoint, Final Death may seem a mercy.

See the 5-point physical Flaw "Flesh of the Corpse" in
Vampire: The Masquerade for an even more severe version

of this debility.

Fanotess (2-pt. PHYSICAL FLaw)
Your Embrace malfunctioned: the Curse of Caine made
you a vampire... but it didn't give you fangs! You must use a
knife, syringe or other sharp instrument to extract the blood
| youneed tosurvive. Very few mortals find such exsanguination
pleasant, at least until you place your mouth to the wound
(then the Kiss proceeds as normal). Having no fangs also
femoves your one natural way to cause aggravated damage.

FLAWS OF Superstition (cosr varies)

Often, the Last Generations get their ideas about what it
means to be a vampire from books and movies. That includes
ideas about what can hurt them. The mysterious power of the
Embrace, however, can make these delusions real. For instance,
anew vampire who expects to be repelled by crosses might find
herself taking real damage from a crucifix's touch. Other good
Flaws of Superstition include Smell of the Grave, Repulsed by

Garlic, Cast No Reflection and Can't Cross Running Water.

(See Vampire: The Masquerade fordescriptions of these Flaws.
Further Flaws of Superstition from European lore include:
© Compulsive Counter (2-pt. Mental Flaw): If you see

collections of small, identical objects (such as a scattered

handful of rice or marbles), you feel compelled to pick them
up and count them. You can resist the obsession if you make

a successful Willpower roll. The difficulty depends on how

much you must count: A scattered handful of rice (hundreds

of grains) gives a difficulty of only 6, but a handful of marbles

(only a dozen or so) would force a difficulty of 9.
© Repulsed by Wild Rose (1-pt. Supernatural Flaw): As

"Repulsed by Garlic," but using flowering sprigs of wild rose

instead. Hawthorn, rowan and celandine also have legendary

status as repellers of vampires.
© Feeding Fetish (1-pt. Mental Flaw): You feel compelled to

bite only a specific part of the body to feed. Attempting to bite a

victim anywhere else forces a Willpower check (difficulty 6). The

neck, of course, is most traditional, but the legendary Armenian.
vampire Dakhanavar bit only the soles of his victim's feet.

© Power Fetish (3-pt. Supernatural Flaw): You believe that
much of your supernatural power depends on carrying a specific
object (the Alp, a German vampire-spirit, needed its hat).

Without that unique object, you must succeed at a Willpower

check (difficulty 8) to activate any Discipline power.

Carrer Tones: A Stain On THe Sout

79

Warp (3-pr. Sociat Flaw)

A mortal whom you want to protect depends on you in some
way. They need a lot of protection, too: Wards have a way of
gettingsucked intoawkward situations, forcing youtochange your
own plans or even put yourself in danger. No matter how many
people dependon you, however, youcan take this Flaw only once.

A ward could be a relative, a lover, a friend or just about
any mortal to whom one hasastrong connection. Wards have
no special influence or abilities they can offer in return (if
they did, they would be Allies or Contacts).

Does the Ward know that you are a vampire? Keeping a
Ward from knowing requires great effort. You spend a lot
more time with a Ward than with a casual friend, under more
demanding circumstances. Sooner or later, you have to
explain away strange events and behavior: Why she never
sees you during the day, or why a mugger's bullet knocked you
down but didn't make you bleed. Letting a Ward in on your
biggest secret endangers the Masquerade, though.

(On Yes, Merntts Too)

The weakening of the Curse of Caine also might reduce some
of the standard vampiric wealtiesses. As described above,
15th-generation vampires take only lethal damage from
sunlight. Some of the standard Merits are also particularly
appropriate for the Last Generations (though, as always,

Merits are strictly optional.) See Vampire: The Masquerade
for full descriptions of these merits.

* Eat Food (1-pt. Physical Merit): You canstill consume mortal
food and drink. You can't digest it, but at least you can hold it
down fora few hours before you must vomit it up again. Youcan
also still appreciate the tastes. (15th-generation vampires get
this for free as an intrinsic feature of their generation).
Blush of Health (2-pt. Physical Merit): You can seemstill
alive, with a normal complexion, regular breathing and
even a heartbeat.

¢ Light Sleeper (2-pt. Mental Merit): Unlike other vam-
pires, you wake up easily when aruckus occurs nearby, and the
Humanity limit on dice pools during the day is waived.

© Calm Heart (3-pt. Mental Merit): The Beast is weaker in
you, giving you two extra dice on rolls to resist frenzy.

The weakening Curse suggests other potential Merits, too:
© Inoffensive to Animals (1-pt. Supernatural Merit): Animals
usually hate and fear the undead. Most vampires need the
supernatural force of Animalism to overpower this instinctive
revulsion. In your case, however, animals still respond to you as
if you were a mortal. This Merit does not mean that they
automatically like you, only that theydo notautomatically dislike
you. Dogs do not snarl and bark when you walk by; cats do not
hiss, spit and run away; parakeets, in their efforts to escape your
unholy presence, do not batter themselves against their cages.

Tee Or Twn Broo

80

chief benefit of this Merit is that you can interact with
le who have pets. The Merit also makes Animalism easier:
dice rolls involved have their difficulties reduced by 1.
Face the Flames (3-pt. Mental Merit): The weakness of your
feast renders you less susceptible to blind panic when faced
ith fire. You receive two extra dice on Rétschreck rolls.

The Last Generations' ability to create new Disciplines and
pull information from the ether might also make various
"sspernatural Merits appropriate to some characters. A super-
tural Merit might even represent the first step in a new
ipline's emergence. Existing Merits include:

* Medium (2-pt. Supernatural Merit): Although you can't see
s, you can sense their presence, hear them speak and talk to
"them yourself. How you get along with them isa separate problem.
* Oracular Ability (3-pt. Supernatural Merit): You can see
god interpret signs and omens. Like Insight, this gives clues
‘tothe future and to hidden workings of the present. Unlike

ly, the thin-blooded generally don't know that they are not
sed to talk to strangers, Asa result, they might innocently
form connections with other supernaturals. Vampire: the Mas-
‘querade already includes the Merit, "Spirit Mentor" (a ghost

"werewolf, mage, fae, Kuei-jin, hedge magician or some other
atural being. This does not mean that you are boon
"companions, only that the two of you don't follow the usual
kill-on-sight policy between supernaturals. If players want a
"more cordial relationship between characters of different
aces, they must develop it themselves in the course of play.
Remember that while Contacts may perform favors, they
‘expect favors in return. What's more, your Supernatural
‘Contact is probably just as marginalized in his own commu-
nity as the thin-blooded are among the Kindred. At the very
least, you both risk disgrace in your respective communities.

DHAMpIRS: CHILDREN
OFTHE UNDEAD

A 15th-generation vampire of either gender can have
half-mortal offspring, conceived and born the normal way. In
their folklore, the Gypsies call such a child of the living and
the undead a dhampir.

Ingame terms, dhampirs are almostidentical torevenants.
Actually, they are revenants, except they're descended from
vampires instead of from ghouls (see Ghouls: Fatal Addic-
| tion for information on revenants).

The most important differences between dhampirs and
fevenants are cultural. Revenants grow up in a freakish,
monstrous subculture of vampires and ghouls. Only quite

unusual circumstances could lead to a revenant growing up

——

among normal, contemporary humans. A dhampir probably
spent most of her time among normal humans. She might not
even know about her supernatural heritage. Learning about
the secret World of Darkness may come as a bit of a shock.

CHARACTER CONCEPT

All dhampirs are young, without exception. The thin-
blooded themselves have appeared only within the last 20 years.
Most likely, a dhampir character will be the first of his kind —
atleast inhis vicinity. Neitherhenoranyoneelse will know what
powers and pitfalls he may expect. Any dhampir may expect a
turbulent adolescence, though. Many parents think that their
teenager isa beast. A dhampircarriesareal Beast in hissoul, even
if it isn't as strong as the raging Beast of a vampire.

* Family Background: What circumstances led to your
conception? Dida one-night stand result in a pregnancy, greatly
surprising all concerned? Or did your parents try to maintain a
normal marriage, despite oneof them beinga vampire? Who raised
you, and how? Was your childhood happy, troubled or horribly
tragic? Are your parents — human or vampire — still around?

* Discovery: How did you learn that you had supernatu-
ral powers? Have you even figured it out, or do you rationalize
your abilities as exceptional but mundane talents? Has your
half-vampiric nature caused trouble for you? (Very likely, if
you have frenzied.) How do you feel about being part super-
natural: Is it a curse, a blessing, or taken for granted?

© Knowledge: How much do you know of the supernatural
world? Assuming your parentsstill live (er, exist), did they let you
in on the big secret? Or did you just think they acted weird?

© The Future: In general, what do you want to do with
your life? In particular, what do you intend to do with your
abilities? Did you enter the World of Darkness willingly, or
were you dragged in screaming? Now that you're in, do you
want to escape back into the illusion of a normal life?

After such basic considerations of character, you select the
character's Nature, Demeanor and Archetype. (Yes, even a teen-
ager should have an Archetype, based on her social background
and what she expects from life. An Archetype such as "Profes-
sional" could be seen as a statement of intent, if nothing else.)

TRAITS

Dhampirs receive sixdots for their primary class of Attributes,
four dots for their secondary class, and three for their tertiary class
(in addition to the one free dot in each Attribute, of course).

Then a dhampir receives eleven dots to divide among
primary Abilities, seven for secondary and four for tertiary
Abilities. No class of Attributes or Abilities is more likely to
be primary — it's completely up to the player. At this stage,
however, no Ability can receive more than three dots.

Like ghouls, dhampirs start play with one dot of Potence.
They can also have one dor in any other common vampiric
Discipline. Character concept should guide the choice: A self-
taught dhampir will probably develop a Discipline that fitshis or
her personality and needs, whereas a dhampir with a vampiric

Cuarrer Taree: A STAIN ON THE Sout

81

Wa

Mentor could learn one of the Mentor's Disciplines. At the start
of play, a dhampir can have only one dot in each Discipline.
Dhampirs receive five dots to spend on Backgrounds. Ad-
mittedly, these aren't very good Backgrounds — not many
teenagers are millionaires or have powerful political connec-
tions. Purely vampiric Backgrounds such as Generation or Herd
obviously don't apply, either. On the other hand, players and
Storytellers can have fun interpreting Backgrounds in an appro-
priately youth-oriented way. For instance, popularity in school
could justify a dot of Influence, orsportssuccess would bring local
Fame (even one dot of Potence is lovely on the football field).
Just like normal humans, dhampirs receive one free dot
in the Virtues of Conscience, Self-Control and Courage, and
then seven dots to allocate as they please.
Willpower and Humanity are calculated normally.
Finally, dhampirs get 18 freebie points tospendon further Traits
ot Merits. Flaws can add up to seven more freebie points. Again, some
Merits and Flaws obviously cannot apply to non-vampires.

BLoop Poor

Dhampirs make their own weak vitae. They have 10 blood
points of vitae, which they regenerate ata rate of 1 blood point per
blood points more quickly, orto replace some of itsown blood points
with more potentvitae. A dhampir who hasat least one blood point
of true vampiric vitae in his veins is also technically a ghoul. A
dhampir does not gain any extra powers from beinga ghoul, except

Dhampirs exceed their 15th-generation parents in that
they may expend all 10 blood points on healing, Disciplines
or raising Attributes, atnormal costs. Dhampirs cannot make
blood bonds, create ghouls or sire vampiric childer; nor must
they expend blood points just to stay active.

Unlike a vampire, a dhampir's blood pool score has
nothing to do with the amount of fluid in her veins. Instead,

THe DHampin GHour ;

On her own, adhampir can never have more than one dotitvany Discipline. Ifadhampir becomes a'ghoul Sate, n

(or "domitor") is of sufficiently low generation, however, she can learn higher -level Discipline powers. The stronger the y
fed to her, the more powerful her Disciplines may become... given a great deal of time. _

Freese Dont DurcuHases
Disciplines/Paths 10 per dot
Attributes 5 per dot
Abilities 2 per dor
Virtues 2 per dot
Backgrounds 1 per dot
Willpower 1 per dot
Humanity/Path 1 per dot

dhampir "blood points" are purely supernatural. Dhampit
spend every last blood point don't lose a single drop of p
blood, though they may show symptoms of anemia.
merely exhausted, both physically and supernaturally. Inafe
days, the blood will regain its supernatural "charge" an
become vitae again.

DHAMPpIR ABILITIES AND WEAKNESSES
Dhampirs have the standard abilities of ghouls. Theycan
use normal Stamina to soak lethal and bashing damage, bu
not aggravated damage. They may expend blood points to
raise their Strength, Dexterity or Stamina, or to heal wounds.
For lethal or bashing damage, each blood point expende
heals one health level of damage. A dhampir can even oy)
regenerate a severed limb, although this requires spen
Willpower point and making a Stamina roll (difficulty §)
the roll fails, the dhampir can never regrow that limb.
cost to regenerate a body part ranges from merely one blood.
point, for a finger or eye, to three for an entire arm or leg. |
Adhampir may also frenzy, however. Dhampirsresistfreny
more easily that vampires can (their difficulties are reduced by
three), bur it still happens from time to time. The Storyteller
decides what situations might provoke a frenzy: Living in the
thick of human society, with all its frustrations, a dhampir risks,
frenzy far more often than most vampires ever will. ]

If the dhampir ceases to be a ghoul, she loses all her higher-level Discipline powers. Even ifshe later betonieath ib

again, with a domitor of sufficiently low generation, the character must Fe-lear higher -level powers from the b
(and the player must spend the Kem ss = again, too). =

13th-11th A

10th-9th
8th

Tth

6th

5th

4th

WR |

The optional maximum is provided for Srariealles who want to make rplarively powerful roca more common.
Don't assume that your Storyteller uses this option unless she sy SAYS 80. ~

Onion Naini Dasine Tove -

Us hg os ti a

—-——
ae ee ~ ~

Te OFT Boo

Experience DoINTs CHART
3
_ 20.
20 :
current rating x 2
current rating x 2
current ratingx 15
currentratingx 25
Unlike revenants, dhampirshave no "family" Disci-
plineset. Like Caitiff, they pay for their lack of specialization

I through a higher experience point cost for Disciplines.
| | Remember, though, that a dhampir can gain a second or
| further dot in a Discipline only if it has become a ghoul!

y Path

"Thaumaturgy Path

__ Asusual when frenzy threatensa character, the dhampir's

player must make a Self-Control roll; the difficulty depends

on the circumstance that angers or frustrates the character.

For the character to overcome frenzy completely, the player

mustaccumulate five successes. Each success rolled delays the

‘frenzy for one turn. The player may not roll more dice than

there are points of vitae in the dhampir's Blood Pool.
Dhampirs never suffer from Rétschreck.

Typical Provocation Difficulty

| Verbally harassed or threatened 3

pi Dnunkenness or use of narcotics or hallucinogens 3

| Beaten, struck or knocked down 4
‘Loved one endangered 4
| Private humiliation 4
Total public humiliation 5

Gunshot, knife wound or other lethal damage 5
Crushing rejection by a loved one 6

DHaMpiR CROSSOVER CHARACTERS

Eventually, someone is bound to ask whether a dhampir
could Awaken asa True Mage. Oralso be Garou Kinfolkandleam
Rites. Or become a Mummy. And so on, and so on, and so on.

Short answer: Not only no, but hell, no!

Long answer: Your game is your own. If you really want
topermitadhampir Kinfolk Gypsy Mummy Mage, that's your
business. Just don't expect us to help you. Dhampirs are cool
enough that they don't need to be hybridized with other
supernatural races... And if all you want is an excuse for a
more powerful character, you may be playing the wrong
game. Dhampirs aren't supposed to be world-beaters.

CHOOSING DISCIPLINES

In theory, Caitiff vampires and dhampirs can learn any
Discipline as readily as any other. In practice, it's not so easy.

wee

For many Disciplines, one needs a teacher —and again, Caitiff
are no exception. Thus, even though dhampirs and Caitiff of
the Last Generations pay the same point cost for every Disci-
pline, some Disciplines are easier to justify than others.

PHysIcaL Disciplines

The "physical" Disciplines of Celerity, Fortitude and
Potence are the easiest to learn. Afterall, they merely extend
the vampire's intrinsic ability to boost its Physical Attributes
by using the Blood. Any vampire (thin-blooded or not) can
learn them through instinct — even if they are easier forsome
clans than others. It's just a matter of really, really wanting to
be stronger, quicker or tougher — and of practice.

OTHER COMMON DIscIpLines

The common "psychic" Disciplines of Auspex, Domi-
nate, Obfuscate and Presence are pretty easy to learn, too.
They do not require special justification. Since many vam-
pires know these Disciplines, one can easily find a teacher.
Indeed, many of these powers are familiar from popular
portrayals of vampires — thanks to ancient legends and
occasional breaches of the Masquerade. A dhampir or Caitiff
won'tactually learn a Discipline from watching cheesy vam-
pire movies, but she might take them as inspiration, try to
imitate what she sees and eventually succeed.

Protean does notrequire a special tutor either. Although
the Gangrel remain its masters and chief practitioners, many
vampires of other clans have learned the shapeshifting art.
Perhaps more importantly, knowledge of Protean has seeped
into legends and popular culture. Even the most ignorant
childe knows that some vampires can change into animals.
Once again, repeated effort might lead to success.

Practice at mortal skills might help a character develop
a Discipline. Books on hypnosis might help one learn Domi-
nate; spending lots of times with animals could lead to
Animalism, Most of the standard Disciplines require training
at mundane Abilities to use them well. To some degree, the
psychic Disciplines merely add supernatural force to natural
Abilities — for instance, magnifying persuasion or command
into Dominate, or unobtrusiveness into Obfuscate.

MaAsIcat DiscipLines

On the other hand, one does not casually acquire Necro-
mancy or Thaumaturgy. These Disciplinesdo require instruction
from a vampire who already knows them, for they depend as
much upon complex occult theories as upon the power of the
Blood. Unfortunately, the vampire clans whospecializeinsuch |
magic hold these Disciplines jealously. Nothing less than a life
boon —and maybe not even that—could persuade a Tremere
to teach Thaumaturgy to a vampire outside the clan.

Which is not to say that the thin-blooded can never learn
magic. They can read grimoires and practice occult rituals, just as
a mortal can. The innate magic of the Blood makes hedge magic
even easier for vampires than it is for mortals. An occult-minded

(Cuinrren Terte: A STAIN ON THE Sout

83


Duampir LEGENDS :

Storytellers who want to read more about dhampir legends are referred fo "The Vampire" byT. Pp J
L- Perkowski's Vampires of the Slavs. ?

According to the Gypsies of the former Ygsslavia; nen who dissendl come Pe erates
asforblood. Married men in particular retum to their wives. The Gypsies, preci ctncies ommegls
("Little Vampire"), Vampijerovic/Lampijerovic ("Son of the Vampire")
name: Vampir/Dhampir for boys, Vampiresa/Dhampiresa for girls.

In some regions, alleged dhampirs can become highly respected members
Gypsies' of Upper Morava say, "there would be much

Some tales say that a newborn dhifinjlr bay a formiese, bon less bodygAtthiotighithe dhampin's Body Armis.np,
next few weeks, she remains unusually fragile. (Othet legends omit this detail. Ie may be a mix-up with le
attribute such a jellylike state to hew vampires in their first weeks after death. ~

The tales agree, however, teehee ses ae press east es
vampires go about invisibly). This made the dhampir a-vampire Teneu sarang Many.a supposed dhampir
ood living going from villagé tp vilege fo sAhetaE De aesGaNn Pa = y

First the dhampir would scout the village. Perhapehe would ke of hischic
as if it were a telescope. Thedhampir would describe the vampire as
forms in Balkan legend). He might wrestle with the unseen vampire
‘simple as shooting it, or it- might require elaborate charms and |
vampires remained active in the area of modern Kosovo as recently ag

Could these legends be true? Even if only afew dhampirs ae h
self-proctaimed "vampire hunters" nia nae
a Fiend might have performed bizarre and unholy experiments that <

Powers. 4
Then again, dhampir legends might be just that ge reer gr Maaelt 2S ee
Kindred very well. The "invisible vampires" can walk r day they arise spontaneously, without contagion from
vampire. People even tell.stories about vampire pumpkins! Dhampir legends could
with the Tzimisce's pet revenants. They poregsec = om 5 to protect
what vampires can do. His Chgeiee, toe eidersreapipliste igh Bonet Ae Saleen ongesepnaye oat ard ae
come true in the nights ahead.

Fe Soryellen wo wnt te Blan pedo havengainof thin hee aaa How har dai

Percerve Vampires (2/5-pt. SupennarunAL Lain 2 ,
A dhampir with this Merit can always re a'vampire for it is. This Merit comes at two power levels.
Fortwo points, the dhampir can y tecognize a vampire despite makeup, Merits such as Blushof Health

or Thaumaturgical rituals that let a vampite mimic certain aspects of life. Obfuscate works only partially. The dhampir

cannot see an "invisible" vampire, but kniows that one lurks nearby. dhs tf nage created by Mask

a Thousand Faces, but still knows that the person is really a vampire. fond :
For five points, the dhampir automatically sees through any

from a Methuselah doesn't work: The vampire remains visible to the t 5
The legends also say that a dhampir can briefly lec other people see by looking through the 4

dhampir's shirt-sleeve or by some other simple charm. Balkan dhampirs warn; however, that mere mortals may suffer a

nervous breakdown, three years of malaria or some other calamity from the shock of seeing the undead plainly. Ifdhampirs

can share their gift (Storyteller's option whether to allow this), raise the Merit's cost by two freebie points.
(The curs¢ aspect of the legends is obviously false. ‘After all, mortals'see Masquerading vampires all the time.

Admittedly, seeing a Nosferatu when Karen asl Pregmernnass AL FV ar! des) Ad

Fracme Bones (5-pt. PHysicaLFraw), ia
Some legends say that dhampirs have thin and brittle bones. Beem oth hy donet even. Fra

thesé dhampirs do not take up vampire-hunting.
For a dhampir with. this Flaw, bashing damage is tfearéd as lethal damage: ==
paprarademit Ses aera cation nie
Twe Os Tia Biooo
84

Darkness: Sorcerer) or invent their own quirky Disciplines
ofmagic. Learning such magic, however, follows the rules for
ing "personal" Disciplines (see below).

"Untque" CLAN DISCIPLINES
Chimerstry, Serpentis, Vicissitude and other Disciplines
iated with a single clan are virtually impossible to learn
‘without a tutor. Again, the clans that know these Disciplines
geldom teach them to others. It's not impossible —no clan is
trulya monolith — and for that matter, these clans might sire
Cuitiff themselves, who carry the Discipline in the Blood. In
general, though, a Caitiff would need a mentor to teach them
an exotic Discipline. Such mentors are very rare, and they
generally demand favors in return.

PERSONAL DISCIPLINES
| Nevertheless, the Last Generations (Caitiffand otherwise)
have one source of Disciplines denied to all other vampires:
themselves. For all other vampires, creating a truly new Disci-
pline isa labor of centuries. Even most Methuselahs can't do it
—only the rare few who found new bloodlines. The thin-
blooded, however, can create a Discipline in mere decades—in
| just a few years, if they really work at it. Not every thin-blooded
invents a new Discipline, but it is something they can do.
Dhampirs cannot create new Disciplines. They can,
however, learn "unique" Disciplines created by the thin-
"blooded, if they can find a teacher.

|CHARACTER
ARCHETYPES

Unlike the vampire clans, thin-blooded archetypes aren't
defined by Blood (the dhampir forms an important exception).
Many thin-blooded vampires don't know whether they techni-
ally belong to a clan or not, nor do many of them care. A
thin-blooded Ventrue probably has more in common with a
| Caitiffthan with her own grandsire. The thin-blooded are better

defined by their social roles — some chosen, some thrust upon

| them by their special abilities. Most archetypes can overlap.
The highest generations have no monopoly on these arche-
types. Vampiresdonot magically know each other'sgenerationon
sight. A 13th-generation vampire can be just as much an outcast
from clans and sects as any 1 5th-generation Caitiff. In such cases,
purely social archetypes such as wannabe or autarkis may well
describe the character better than some arbitrary clan. Con-
versely, a legitimately sired, properly trained 14th-generation
| vampire should probably be builtarounda clan archetype instead.

AUTARHIS

Some vampires, choosing to exist as complete loners, opt out
ofsects, clans and even coteries. The Kindred call such vampires
autarkis. Many Last Generation vampires take this path.

itiff or dhampir might learn hedge magic Paths (see World

THIN-BLOODED SUMMARY

Can the character...
14th 15th Dhampir
Belong to a clan?
Sire Kindred?
Yes unless character No No
Conceive/carry a mortal child?
[No _ Yes, sometimes Yes
Create ghouls?
Yes: No No
Create blood bonds?
‘Yes, sometimes No No
Eat food/drink?
No. Yes, but must vomit ‘Yes

2 vomit at once)

Walk in sunlight?
No Suffers only lethal Yes
Create Disciplines?
Yes. Yes : No
Achieve max Discipline level?
No; 4, tops No; 3, tops No; 1, tops
Have Insight?
hi ee Yes ‘No

Some vampires become autarkis out of disgust. They see
that both the Sabbat and Camarilla are hives of twisted,
ruthless intrigue. Not wanting to be anyone's pawn, they go
forth on their own.

Other vampires dwell alone because they don't wantcompe-
tition. Inabigcity, such asChicagoor London, evena200-year-old
ancilla might be a comparative youngster who must bow and
scrape before much older, stronger vampires. In Piscataway or
Tukwila, though, a vampire can be a law unto herself. Witha few
Disciplines, the blood bond and some patience, such a "Caitiff
prince" can exert a shocking degree of influence over a small
community. For all practical purposes, the entire town becomes
herherd. Okay, soshe'sscrewed ifapack of Lupinescomesto town.
Some vampires think it's worth the risk.

Some vampires don't know about the Camarilla, Sabbator
anarchs. Their sires never told them. They're in for a surprise.

And some vampires are just scared. They know that the
world holds terrible forces that could destroy them ina blink,
and they're hiding.

Autarkis vampires make suitable characters. The player
must decide why the character turned autarkis, Then she has
to come up with a reason why an autarkis would involve

Carer Three: A STAIN ON THE SouL

Ls)


STEREOTYPES: ;
Camarilla: They defy the prince and endanger the
Masquerade. They must die. i
First you have to catch me, you old fossils.
Sabbat: Selfish cowards. We have the true freedom that |
comes from purpose and a loyal brother to guard your back.
Cult Zombie Alert! Damn, at least the Camarilla is 7
honest about ordering you around.
Anarchs: Like, we know wherevyou're coming from,
man. We're all rebelling too!
Ididn't quitthe big gangs justtojoina littleone. Fuck off!

himself with other vampires, despite his previous choice of
solitude (a character who responds to every situation by
saying, "It's not my problem" and walking away simply
doesn't work well for a chronicle).

At first, an autarkis character probably follows purely
personal motivations. A friendship or kinship from mortal
days, an obligation brought about by a personal code of
honor, or a narrow, shared interest in a specific project can
supply a beginning. An autarkis might even work as a merce-
nary for whomever will pay — Camarilla, Sabbat, anarch or
other. In time, however, an autarkis character might develop
a deeper commitment to a coterie or some broader goal.

Roles: Autarkis vampires have explicitly rejected all
political alliances. Other characters won't know how much
to trust an autarkis. Then again, how much should they trust
each other? Autarkis may well challenge other characters to
examine their loyalties and entanglements with their sects or
clans. Conyersely, an autarkis might eventually ask herself
why she's so dead-set on staying alone. Loyalty and indepen-
dence are major themes for autarkis characters.

Character Creation: Autarkis come in every clan, with
any conceivable traits. All one can say is that autarkis are
never fools: A stupid autarkis doesn't survive very long.

Note that on his home ground, a "Caitiff prince" autarkis
might have frighteningly high levels of Contacts, Allies,
Retainers and other mortal connections, making him a more
dangerous opponent than his Blood might indicate. Think of
the classic horror-story isolated village, where everyone in
town knows the terrible secret — or is part of it. Now recall
whathappens to visitors who pry too deeply. Such an autarkis
makes a worthy adversary for a coterie, or a valuable ally.

Weaknesses: An autarkis vampire's lot is not an easy
one. The flip side of being obliged to no one is that no one
helps you when you are in trouble. Camarilla princes don't
like any vampire outside their control. The Sabbat, for all its
talk of freedom, tends to "recruit" autarkis with a whack on
the head and improvised Creation Rites. Even anarchs may
resent a vampire who displays no apparent loyalties. An
autarkis has no Status, no Clan Prestige and, very probably,
no alliances of any kind with other vampires.

Quote: Damn you all ta the Sun! I stand for myself!

Toe Or Trin Buooo
RA

BEAVERS

Some new vampires try especially hard to maintain a
human existence. They don't want just to maintain an
illusion of normality to preserve the Masquerade (if they
know about the Masquerade at all); they want to keep, as
much as possible, everything they had as mortals. They want
to have a regular job, friends... even a family. Especially a
mily. They don't believe themselves to be monsters. In a
me when so many diverse lifestyles and medical conditions
at least marginal tolerance, is a sunlight problem and a
liquid protein diet really so inhuman?

Other young vampires contemptuously call such vam-
ites "Cleavers" — as in Ward, June and the Beaver. Older
vampires shake their heads and quote Caine's warning in The
Book of Nod: "Do not embrace love." As if the Damned could
eally have a suburban home with a picket fence, a car in the
age and 2.3 children!
Cleavers are willing to try.
Such "families" can vary a bit. A new vampire who was
aced after marriage and children might not want to
abandon her family. A vampire might even set upa household
alter the Embrace, It's too late to have children the normal
but they can adopt or use a sperm donor. If the vampire is

ay in close contact ‘with her mortal parents, ee and
, even to the extent of letting them in on the secret.
Cleavers can be of any clan. Really, they can be of any
eration, too— but Cleavers usually have not been vampires
long. They probably have noconnection to the sects of their
‘sires, or they have renounced such connections. A decently
trained childe would never try anything so risky and foolish.
Roles: Cleavers provide a stark contrast to the epic
menaces of the Jyhad and Gehenna. Let someone else worry
out the fate of the world: They! have their hands full trying

STEREOTYPES:

87

Sooner or later, though, a Cleaver can no longer avoid
other vampires' conflicts. They can't hide from the World of
Darkness forever, no matter how they try. The snare may be
as melodramatic as the Sabbat breaking down the door or as
homely as begging a favor from a primogen.

A Cleaver may well be the only vampire who speaks and
acts on behalf of humanity. Supernatural power struggles
tend to spiral in on themselves and lose touch with mundane
issues... this is true of players as well as characters. Part of a
Cleaver's role is to bring the chronicle back to Earth from the
rarefied heights of supernatural intrigue. They remind the
othercharacters that vampires' little wars have consequences
for ordinary people, too.

Character Creation: Cleavers need a high Self-Con-
trol. They really can't afford to frenzy. A high Humanity and
Willpower are good ideas as well (this assumes that the
vampire tries to have a real, functional family, nota ghastly
parody based on terror, codependency and the blood bond).
Communications abilities such as Subterfuge and Etiquette
are useful for explaining away odd behavior to coworkers
and neighbors.

Weaknesses: A Cleavers' greatest weaknesses are her
family and all the mortals with whom she associates. Other
vampires can threaten a Cleaver's parents, siblings, lovers,
children and friends (this tactic may backfire if the Cleaver
has a coterie of Kindred friends... a good reason to join a
coterie). On a deeper level, a Cleaver holds her own
humanity hostage. One frenzy at the wrong time, and he
could kill everyone he holds dear. Cleavers set themselves
up for heartbreak.

In game terms, family members are represented by the
Ward Flaw. No matter how many mortals get involved with
the vampire, the character can take the Flaw only once.

Quote: I don't care if you're the prince of Wales, you leave
my daughter alone!

UNBOUND

Some vampires reject ties of Blood. Even if they know
their clan lineage, they don't care. When they look at the
clans (Camarilla, Sabbat or independent), they see tyranny
masquerading as tradition. They don't want some moldy
elder telling them what they can and cannot do, either with

j

their unlives or their vitae. Clan Disciplines? Hogwash!
5 Cinna Ok the follies af youth. hey eae vie » The self-described "Unbound" insist that any vampire can

Masquerade, no matter how hard they try to uphold it. : SaaET saa
Listen, bud {T paytines, cha Eve ot eights Tellyour learn any Discipline. Nor do they believe in clan weak-
ye Ray axes aE ee nesses. The high-and-mighty clan elders have only deluded
1 ( | their descendants into copying their own neurotic limita-
dle Ages + tions. (They accept the Nosferatu as an exception. Many

_ Sabbat: fretching noise) 7 i Unbound, however, deem it politically incorrect to call

Why hasn‘t someone thrown these thugs in jail?The | Nosferatu deformities a "weakness.") Why should Caitiff
neighborhood's not safe with them around! | feel shame at their lack of a clan? They should be glad they
Anarchs: Cowards afraid to take a stand. | escaped the brainwashing.

___ Didn't we get enough rebellion in the 60s? Grow up, © The Unbound irritate older vampires with their strident
‘kid, and take a look at the real world. 4 rejection of clan, sectand respect for elders— the foundations
Aa x

Guta ‘A STAIN ON THE Sout

we

of Camarilla society. Unlike the stereotypical anarch, the
Unbound are not ignorant "rebels without a cause." No crude
gang-banging for them! They have ideologies and plans for
reform. Some Unbound preach their doctrines with missionary
zeal. Others work quietly to build new vampire societies.

The Unbound are no more a unified "movement," how-
ever, than is the Camarilla. Although a few charismatic leaders
have emerged, the Unbound have no party line beyond their
rejection of tradition and desire for change. They can and do
disagree bitterly about what sort of change is needed.

Dwelling on the fringe of Kindred society, the Unbound
see things that other vampires miss. The Kindred aren't the
only creatures to walk the night. Daring to attempt the
forbidden, an Unbound might actually seek contacts with
wizards and werewolves, ghosts and fairies... and mortals.
They keep the Masquerade — for now — but surely they can
make an exception for Uncle Henry, who's so broad-minded?
Or old Pastor Smith, who advised them in so many other
times of trouble? And if you can't trust your mother, well, who
can you trust? Quite often, moying beyond the sphere of
Kindred society results in an Unbound's Final Death. Once
in a while, though, an Unbound makes connections that
would boggle the minds of most elder vampires. If the Un-
bound ever organize the anarchs to strike back at their
oppressors, they will not stand alone.

Most anarchs still regard the Unbound as impractical
dreamers. Now that the self-proclaimed "anarch states" are
under attack by the mysterious and powerful Cathayan yam-
pires, however, some anarchs wonder if interracial diplomacy
might not be worth a shot. The Camarilla certainly shows
little interest in helping to resist the Asian invaders.

Only recently have many elders felt enough pique to try
exterminating the Unbound. This change of attitude comes
partly from the general climate of fear and partly from a
suspicion that the Unbound might be right. Vampires invest
centuries of ego in their beliefs: the suggestion that they spent
those centuries upholding a lie comes as a bitter draft indeed.
In their furious rejection of Unbound "heresy," the Kindred
prove that they remain all too human.

Role: These activists deliberately challenge the status
quo of vampiric society. They often do things precisely
because centuries of tradition say they can't or shouldn't.
Some Unbound characters become explorers, seeking the
truth behind legend and tradition; others play diplomat,
trying to gather vampires into new social arrangements.
Every Unbound character should have a special dream or
program she pursues.

Character Creation: The Unbound have nothing in com-
monexcepttheirattitude toward "traditional" restrictions. Ifnot
an inceptor herself, however, an Unbound may well try to learn.
bizarre new Disciplines just to prove that she can. Unbound tend
to have restless, discontented Natures such as Architect, Cur-
mudgeon, Visionary or even Thrill-Seeker.

Weaknesses: Their special interests do not impose any.
particular weakness upon the Unbound. They put
selves in enough trouble already.

Quote: Do you drive a horse and buggy? Do you write wit
@ goose-quill pen? Then why do you follow rules set forth 00
years ago?

W ANNABE

Some thin-blooded vampires try to find a place wi
Camarilla societies. Perhaps they know their clan ani
perhaps they don't, but want to join a clan anyway b
they like the clan's culture and ideals (or at least what th
imagine about its culture, which may not match the trut
very well). For instance, an ambitious Caitiff (or Malkavian "
Gangrel, Brujah...) might innocently petition the Ibe I
Ventrue Primogen to join the "club."

Such a "wannabe" usually finds himself disappoi
Even if he can prove a clan ancestry, his own clan elders often
despise him asan embarrassment (few people, living or
like to discover a bastard in the family). Most vampires in the
Camarilla regard the thin-blooded as nothing but competition.
for hunting territory — certainly they are no use as allies. No
matter what Last Generation vampires do, they cannotexpect |
more than grudging tolerance from the princes of the Camarilla.

Nor does the Sabbat treat them any better. The Sabb
values power above all in its members. Both childer
recruits must prove their strength — and for all the Sabbar's
prating of loyalty, few Sabbat lift a finger to help a new
member survive. To the Sabbat, the thin-blooded will always |
be handicapped. If a vampire of the Last Generations can
diablerize his way to a lower and stronger generation, fine; |
he's proved his worthiness to survive. If not? The Sabbat does |
not mourn the Final Death of the weak.

Whether their goal is the Camarilla or the Sabbat, |
wannabes face daunting obstacles. The Camarilla obsesses
about age, generation and legitimacy of siting. The Sabbat
obsesses about raw power. The thin-blooded have none of
these. A wannabe must work harder than any other neonate
to gain equal recognition, with no rights atall. What's worse, |
some vampires will resentany success the characterachieves.

STEREOTYPES: 7

Camarilla: Fools and madmen! Dede waee
Inquisition down upon us all? :
Tired:old vampires facie

"Sabbat: Join us! rae ‘we've done it!

They wales opie es, forslaveryrocach other,
Theyhavetherghtatizdejostnosene ores
That's where I comein in.

Tue Or Tun Brooo

8

Suppose a young Caitiff can prove that he's as good a leader
asany Ventrue, as good an artist as any Toreador or (God help
world) as good an... experimenter... as any Tzimisce.
Young clan members resent being shown up by an outsider.
‘Older clan members resent the challenge to the established
prejudices of generation and bloodline.
The independent clans have their own insular prejudices,
"and they are highly selective in who they Embrace. Yet, the
‘Assamites, Followers of Setand Giovanni also place high value
on their ideologies. An outsider who shows exceptional ability
anddevotion to the clan's goals might win cautious acceptance
gsanassociate, if not an actual clan member. As yet, however,
‘few thin-blooded vampires have even heard of these small,
‘often reclusive, clans. That could change in the future.

The most daring wannabes, however, avoid all the ob-
stacles to clan membership by a simple stratagem: They lie. A
| vampire can concoct a false lineage to make herself seem more
respectable, move to a new city and present herself to the
prince. Vampires have attempted such frauds for centuries;
older vampires call such a liar a rastacouere. The pogroms
ggainst the thin-blooded have caused a sharp upturn in
yastiicouerage. A rastacouere, however, faces an almost certain
Blood Hunt if the city's elders discover her imposture. Ifthere's
‘one thing elder vampires hate, it is being made to look foolish.

Role: Wannabes are the outsiders looking in, noses

against the glass. A wannabe must have at least some
reason to believe she might gain acceptance in a clan or sect
—even though she might be utterly deluded. Such a charac-
| tercan provide a new viewpoint ona sect or clan as she tries
to learn its ways and win acceptance.

Character Creation: Wannabes often follow a clan
concept, at least in a diluted way. A 14th-generation would-
be Ventrue, for instance, mightshow leadership and financial
ability — but as leader of a street gang or manager of a small
business. Thus, clan archetypes may guide character creation
—with no reference at all to the character's actual bloodline,
clan weakness or favored Disciplines.

Weaknesses: A wannabe has whatever intrinsic weakness
his bloodline imposes. He also has no Status at all. Ifa wannabe
ever wins that first dot of Status by becoming an accepted (if
lowly) member of the Camarilla or Sabbat, he is no longer a
wannabe. Instead, he is a sect member who merely happens to
have high generation and is treated like any other neonate.

Quote: Judge me by my deeds, not by my blood.

INCEPTORS

In the Old Form, vampires who invent a new Discipline
are called inceptors. Most vampires never manage this. Even
the Antediluvians can't do it at will: No Ancient ever created
more than one original Discipline... and even those in-
stances are legend, not history. Once every few centuries,
however, anew vampire might spontaneously generate anew
Discipline — typically a sign that the vampire has founded a

a

STEREOTYPES
Camarilla: Odious creatures. Cristal

‘ax ghouls: thevghsaAbnests
You gotta follow the rules ifyou onnasttithe

but I tell ya, if these mugs weren't th

~ Sfunny, Spach they said a eee rights
forall vampires despiteage and generation. Tguess they still
think some generations are "more equal" than others.
Anarchs: Get an unlife, willya? ‘The: ena oldies "will"
never give you @ fair shake. ~ S
~ And you're doing so well?

pero arey

ae eee

new bloodline. For thin-blooded plebes to create new Disci-
plines, therefore, comes as a bit of a shock to the elders.

The Last Generations themselves often have no idea
that they're doing something special. Many of them get their
ideas about what vampires can do from books and movies,
instead of from their sires. Sometimes they try to do some-
thing they saw ina movie, and it works. Maybe it matches one
of the traditional Disciplines. .. or maybe it's something new.

Personal Disciplines may also grow from the new vampires
talents and interests. Many of the "standard" Disciplines are
magical enhancements of mundane abilities. Presence and Domi-
nate, for instance, magnify social skills at evoking obedience, fear,
admiration or conviction. The Blood might magnify a Last
Generation childe's other knacks or interests into a Discipline.

When designing an inceptor, one must consider whether
the character knows he has done something special. A real
naif might not realize that not every vampire can fly (or dowse
for lost objects, or cause bad luck, or whatever). If the
character does understand that he's done something special,
does he brag and flaunt his power? Does he hide his Discipline
in the fear that he'll be condemned as a freak?

On the Storyteller's side, how do other Kindred react?
Not many vampires in the know can simply ignore an
inceptor, at least not if the new Discipline looks useful. An
interesting Discipline, and how the character decides to use
it, can become the start of many fine stories.

Roles: These vampires have what other vampires want:
power. It's not very much power, because of the inceptors'
youth, generation and thin blood, but it's a power no one else
has. Inceptors have nothing else in common; they have
aspirations and personalities as diverse as mortals. Whether
an inceptor likes it or not, though, her anomalous abilities
bring her to the attention of more powerful vampires.

Other vampires may try to recruit inceptors as teachers
or (more likely) minions. Less patient vampires might try to
diablerize an inceptor (many Cainites believe that diablerie
consumes the very soul of the victim, and thereby also
transfers an aptitude for the victim's Disciplines). The inven-
tor of a new Discipline doesn't just become a player in the
local Jyhads — he becomes the prize.

Charter Turez: A Stain On THE Sout

89

Character Creation: Inceptors come from every clan.
Caitiffmight be more likely to create Disciplines just because
they don't know any better!

Players have two choices in designing an inceptor. They
can create a character based on some other archetype (or no
archetype atall), then give the character a Discipline power that
any vampire might find useful. Alternatively, they can start with
an intriguing Discipline and build the character around that.

Ideally, of course, "Character comes first," rather than
powers. If an inceptor's new Discipline is consistent with the
character's history, personality and aptitudes, though, it's a
good character. The order of the design process doesn't
matter, only that the resulting character have an interesting,
three-dimensional personality and motivations.

Weaknesses: These vampires have no special, intrinsic
weaknesses except for their generation and thin blood.

Quote: Oh, Christ, man, I'msorry! Ididn'tknow! coulddo that!

SeerRS

These vampires have the new Background of Insight.
Seers may come from almost any walk of life orundeath. They
come from every clan, and from the clanless. Through no
choice of their own, however, they channel a preternatural
knowledge about the doings of other vampires. Because of
this, every seer faces two challenges. The greater their In-
sight, the more sharply they face its demands and perils.

First, how does the seer react to her hunches and visions?
No matter how she feels about her Insight, she can't ignore it
— even if she tries. Do the dreamlike revelations frighten the
seer? Is the knowledge a blessing, a curse, or just an incompre-
hensible intrusion? Does Insight come from God, the Devil or
some other transcendent power? Every seer must find herown
answers to these questions.

A seer might have complex, mixed emotions about her
power. One seer might fear her visions, but strive to have
them because she believes they are warnings from God that
she feels duty-bound to pass on. Another seer might delight
in the knowledge she has about more powerful vampires, but
try to hide his knowledge for fear of retribution. A third seer

STEREOTYPES: j

Camarilla: We must watch them.Control them. And f
necessary, destroy them to keep them out of our enemies' hands; |
Don't truscthem. They'll use you, break youand throw |

you away. fi
Sabbat: They have broken the limits set by ony accused ©
ancestors, but are too weak: to exploit their gifts. We, however, 2
are strong... H
Don't trust them, either. They don't want to use you,

— they want to eat you. 4
Anarchs: Those old Cammie farts had better watch out!
Now we have powers they cannot imagine! ;
Whoa, cowboy! When did I volunteer for your war? ;

might think her hunches come from the Devil, but matter-of
factly accept them because she is one of the Damned, after:

The second challenge comes from other vampires, Knowk
edge is power in Cainite society — especially knowledge of,
others are doing. Prince or primogen, bishop or archon,
influential vampires fear the plots of their elders, rivalsand jur
alike. They fear exposure of their own intrigues just as much. If
seer's power becomes known, he becomes the focus of both
and fear. How a seer chooses to use his "gift" decides what role!
plays in local Kindred culture: A Cainite detective who cay

Seers often experience a lengthy hiatus between receiy:
ing the Embrace and awakening as one of the undead, The.
Storyteller can make the character's death-dreams an impor.
tant part of her prelude. Of course, the Storyteller shouldn't
give any information of genuine importance... but obscure.
and nightmarish images can establish that something bad
brewing, and that the seer is somehow tied to it all.

Role: A seer's role is to know too much. They are walking i
story hooks, spreading both awe and panic wherever they go,
Among the Kindred, preserving the status quo depends on
everyone keeping her secrets. Schemes that took decade
planningcan fall apartin minutes when aseercan'tstopherself.
from saying who wants todo what to whom. This tends to upset
everyone terribly. The resulting scramble often includes
tempts by vampires who fear exposure to destroy the offending
seer. Players had better enjoy having a character who gets
chased, captured, courted, threatened and manipulated a lot

Character Creation: Of course, a seer character has the
Insight background, and probably at high levels (the more infor.
mation the character receives, the more trouble—er, drama—he
can cause). For the rest, anything goes: Seers can have any sortaf
Attributes or Abilities. Supernatural Merits such as Medium ot |
Oracle might be appropriate since they overlap somewhat with |
Insight. Giving a seer a personal Discipline as well, however,
would make the character far too "gimmicky."

Weaknesses: Aside from whatever weaknesses they.
might have from their clan or generation, seers are more
prone to Supernatural Flaws (such as Cursed or Haunted)
than other vampires. No such Flaws are mandatory, though
—and remember that "more prone" is very much a relative
term. Such Flaws should never actually be common withina
campaign; their rarity makes them more dramatic.

Quote: Please, sir, I can help you! I... know things.

DHAmpIR

A dhampir is a thing the Cainites believed could never
happen: the offspring of a mortal and a vampire. Camarilla and
Sabbat, elder and neonate, they all knew that their true blood ties
came by adoption, through the Embrace. They knew that life never
comes from the undead. Vampires have childer, not children.

But then, they never had 15th-generation vampires
before, either.

Tine Or Trin Biooo

9

STEREOTYPES
 Camarilla: Capture a seer, joc hi tn: so acopend
~"dhngeon, listen tots sued sears Know he'exists.
Otherwise, destroy him!
£ Isa maze that goes on forever
| ceniter ‘of the maze...
»Sabbat: How cane elev they Low ought ofthe
"Ancients when they keep se wees still their pawns?
‘Sabbat'serves no' one! 2
~ Loyalty? Freedom? Loyalty? Then why do T see your
sworn brother's blood upon your lips? 2
Anarchs: Babbling lunatics! Ignore them. =
~ Don't you know? You're puppets too.

rt MMA,

aaa

\)

a Rc

Vampires can't have sex — not really. They only go through
the motions, usually as.a ploy to take blood while their partner is
| distracted by passion. Only the taste of blood gives Kindred
"pleasure. A male vampire does not produce sperm, and a female
yampire does not receive it... except in the 15th Generation.

These vampires still get no great pleasure from sex, but

sometimes the reflexes of life kick in and the reproductive
| system starts working again. A male vampire might ejaculate
— and his seed will be fertile. His surprise, however, is as
nothing compared to the female vampire who learns that her
| mortal, male lover has gotten her pregnant.
, In the Last Generation of Caine, therefore, the curse has
taken a final, ironic twist. The weakest of the vampires have
a power denied to even the mightiest of their race — the
| power to create a new life.

Even under the best conditions, such pregnancies only
havea 50 percentchance of carrying to term. Half the time, the
fetus miscarries and dies. Surviving children are a mixture of
mortal and vampiric traits: a dhampir. Like a vampire, they
convert blood into vitae. Like a mortal, however, they make
their own blood. They have Disciplines, although a dhampir
cannot normally master them beyond the first level. They can
| have mortal children of their own; sunlight does not harm
| them. Although they have a Beast that can drive them to
| frenzy, their difficulty numbers to resist frenzy are always two
I fess than they would be for a vampire in the same situation.

I Similar creatures already exist in the World of Darkness.
When ghouls have children who are themselves ghouled
from the womb, after a few generations the power of vitae
becomes fixed in their blood. Such "revenants," however, are
confined to a few freakish families — all of them thoroughly
dominated by vampires (chiefly the Tzimisce clan). Elder
yampires could ignore them, and have done so for centuries.
Few in the Camarilla have even heard of revenants.
Most revenants grow up surrounded by vampires, ghouls
and other revenants. They barely know the mundane world
exists. Dhampirs, on the other hand, usually grow up in
relatively normal surroundings, in the company of mortals.

at

we

Quite possibly, the dhampir knows nothing of the secret
World of Darkness. But she'll find out....

Few things could surprise an elder more, by. its mere
existence, thanadhampir. The withered tree of Caine has borne
living fruit. Isitasign from God? Will dhampirs develop abilities
no one can guess, like their thin-blooded parents? Will they
breed true and spread vampiric powers throughout the mortal
populace? The World of Darkness will never be the same.

Role: To the Kindred, dhampirs are the ultimate x- |
factor. Millennia of Kindred tradition says that such creatures
could not exist. Dhampirs are still so rare that most vampires
have never heard of them, unless one actually shows up in the
neighborhood. Even then, the vampires might take a long
time to recognize the dhampir for what itis. At first, they may
well mistake it for a masterless ghoul. Thus, dhampirs haveno
stereotyped role among the clans and sects.

One can easily predict some common reactions to
dhampirs, though. Some vampires will hate and fear them, as
they might hate and fear any new thing. (This reaction seems
especially plausible for Sabbat vampires. A dhampirchallenges
their belief in their absolute separation from humanity.) Other
vampires might react with awe, perhaps seeing a dhampir as.a
sign of God's forgiveness: The dead have given birth; the child
has the powers of the Damned without their weaknesses (or so
it might seem upon casual inspection). No doubt, many
Kindred will insist that any dhampir isa fraud, just a ghoul with
ahidden domitor, or some elaborate Malkavian deception. No
doubt, others will completely miss the strangeness, and simply
ponder how to exploit this new resource.

Character Creation: The only hard-and-fastruletokeepin
mind when creating a dhampir is that they are all young.
Fifteenth-generation vampires have existed only for about 20
years. Any dhampir character will be one of the very first of her
kind. For all any dhampir character knows, she is the first and
only oneofher kind. Dhampirs vary as much as mortal teenagers.

Weaknesses: Unlike ghouls or revenants, dhampirs have
no favored clan Disciplines that are especially easy to learn.

Quote: Who are you? WHAT are you? Leaveme ALONE!
[CRASH!]

STEREOTYPES

Camarilla: I don't care how you do it, bing has fia te
me. I'll wring the truth out of him.

Whatever youdo, don't be noticed. The Camaluna own
everything and everybody, and ificnorices i

Sabbat: Impossible! You're Sues
in your fucking head for it!

A Manson Family of psycho cultist vampires.:. ohigod,
it just gets worse and worse:

Anarchs: Oh, this is rich. So much for the "all-
elders," eh?

So what do you want from me?

Garter Torte: A Stain on THe Sout



A chronicle set in the Final Nights is a considerable
undertaking. Players, as much as characters, have been antici-
peting Gehenna ever since their first introduction to the World
of Darkness. This is the defining moment for the Kindred, a rare
| and exciting opportunity to rise above petty squabbles over
fertitory or prestige and truly affect the course of things — for
good or evil. In times of apocalypse, no one can know who or
what the deciding factor will be. The most trifling, innocent
deeds can set portentous events in motion. At stake is the fate
| of every sentient creature on Earth: not just the vampires
| themselves, but the mortals and other supernaturals as well.
Yourplayer who's been writing her own Bookof Nodchapters
and your player who feverishly combs the game stores to collect
‘out-of-print supplements in the hope of "putting it all together"
are going to be expecting fireworks.
{ But never fear— help is here if you need it. This chapter
j provides information and suggestions for Storytellers who
wish to run chronicles set in the Time of Thin Blood.

THEME

The following themes are provided for inspiration. The
first two are especially appropriate to chronicles with thin-
flooded characters; the others, however, apply toany chronicle
set on the eve of Gehenna.

* Ignorance: This, even more than the lack of Blood-
strength, is the dominant obstacle for thin-blooded vampires.

Let them enjoy the gentle music of the Kindred...
— "The Chronicle of Shadows," The Book of Nod

a

Almost without exception, they are young and untutored.
For other, more privileged Kindred, the time immediately
after the Embrace is frightening, but navigable; they have
lessons to learn, skills to acquire, allies and enemies to
identify. It is not necessary to like one's sire, or the stifling
strictures of vampire society, to benefit from the support. |

Many thin-blooded, however, know of no other Kindred
apart from themselves and perhaps their sires (at least not to
begin with; of course, it would bea strange chronicle indeed that
didn't bring in other vampires eventually). They have no notions
of Beast versus Humanity. No one ever tells them that an
individual kine life istoo briefto worry about, or that mortal love
can lead only to tragedy. They have little choice but to make the
mistakes and try to survive them long enough to do better.

Even if they gain the opportunity to associate with other
vampires, the fledglings might not find the answers they seek.
Therivalriesand betrayals of Kindred politicsare barely compre-
hensible even to its old hands, and thin-blooded quickly lear
thatnoone tells them the truth —except when it's convenient.
Moreover, once thin-blooded have made contact with Kindred
society, itcan be difficult forthem to extricate themselvesat will.
Drawn to innocence like sharks to blood, the Kindred come to
them, offering, threatening, wheedling. Naturally, thin-blooded
with special abilities are doubly enticing to these deceivers.

In a thin-blooded chronicle, it is especially important to
observe faithfully the distinction between player and character
knowledge. Even a brand-new Vampire character, under the


——
standard rules, is assumed to have anywhere from several yearsto_ frequently targeteven those thin-blooded who are simply trying

afew decadesofexperience asa vampire under her belt. Mostthin- to mind their own business. It's not always easy to be free,

blooded, however, are newly Embraced. Dhampir characters, Still, players should enjoy the chance to tum the conver:
being the children of thin-blooded, also tend to be very young— _ tional wisdom of the Damned on itsear. Thin-blooded vampires
teenagersorchildren. Theirnaivetéisoppressive,evenparalyzing, _of distinct clans, for example, usually have no inkling of theip

but it also provides a unique roleplaying opportunity. Ofall the cultural heritage and often end up unintentionally defyingit,
Damned, the highest generations are, without question, theones __[magine a coterie in which the Brujah collects Japanese tey
closest to humankind, as well as to their own Humanity. sets, and the Toreador picks fights at biker bars (meanwhile, |
© Freedom: Thisis the corollary to lgnorance. Although the Nosferatu, having devised a set of beautifully painted)
it'sa handicap to be so unaware, it can also be liberating. The masks, is making his comeback as an operatic tenor),
thin-blooded throw away the old rules with rare panache. highest generations belong to the vampiric demimonde. Dis. |
They are free to explore even the wildest solutions to the inherited already, they have no one to please but themselves, |
problem of vampirism. They can turn up on the doorstep of © Chaos: Forall theirendlessspeculation, most Kindred nly |
the Mayo Clinic. They can sue for protected status under civil have the vaguest understanding of Gehenna. Alll they "know'js_
rights law. They might suffer for their indiscretions, but they _that it now looms dangerously close. Many profound changesare |
canalso make unexpected allies and discover novel strategies taking place in the World of Darkness. Is a sinister pattern tobe |
for fending off their hidebound progenitors. discerned within them, or are they meaningless symptoms of the |
This freedom is more threatening to the rest of Kindred _ general confusion? Those who believe that the Ancients have |
society than most thin-blooded can even imagine. The Camarilla already begun the gradual ascent to consciousness claim goed |
elders envision the destruction of the ordered society they have _ reason toblame every twist and tum of modem Cainite: politicsen |
struggled for so many centuries to build. The Sabbat worry that their subtle mental nudging. And what will happen as the)
if the thin-blooded are allowed to move unchecked, they will Antediluvians become aware enough to act for themselves?
inevitably draw the notice of the Antediluvians and set off the Psychologists among the Kindred have a more scientific)
Gehenna time bomb before the sect is ready. Both groups interpretation for the widespread unraveling of clan and sect,
truce and treaty. Despite their utter lack of biology perse, Kindred |
still possess a kind of evolutionary programming, closelytied |
to their vampiric Beast nature; it is this programming that!
responds to the growing signs of the Gehenna cycle drawing
to its close. Sensing that the time has come to fight or |
* perish in the ultimate Darwinian contest, the Kin
dred fall upon each other with more violence
than ever, abandoning all their careful con-
structionsand plunging intomayhemthar
seems completely counterproductivetg
, the observer — and even to the par
ticipants. Nevertheless, it is an
entirely predictable stage in' the
development of the species.

Such rationalist theories
have gained little ground to
date. The Cainites, asa

race, are extremely sus:

ceptible to delusion.
Paranoid by

Tive 0F THin Buoop
94

nature, they find no theory too baroque or improbable to
consider. Now, they look around themselves, see the disinte-
"gation of everything they relied on and conceive a burning
‘need to find the moral of their story. This is a quintessentially
human response as well — to ask "why," even of such mindless
catastrophesas flood and war. However inventive the kine may
be, though, few could concoct the sorts of explanations devised
‘by frightened Kindred.

Insuchan atmosphere, demagogues flourish. The scourge
is only the most visible manifestation of the overwhelming
impulse to impose order upon the ungovernable. Cults and
_ secret societies of every description spring up like dark weeds
| to promise answers and protection. Prophets and doomsayers
ride the hysteria to dizzy new heights. Religious manias are in
yogue, and not only among elders; the hitherto disaffected
agnostics of the younger generations also fall prey.

Thin-blooded, especially seers, often find themselves
the unwilling focus of all this hysteria. Eccentrics with occult
agendas supplicate them. Bloodthirsty radicals hunt them
| down. The younglings may well begin to feel they are the only
sane creatures in a race of lunatics. The Storyteller should do
nothing to alleviate such beliefs.

Stories built around millennial panic tend to share a few
central elements. The great threat is often hinted at, but never
shown in more than shadowy outline. Red herrings pop up
constantly, and different, equally credible theories compete to
explain the given facts. The world seems to be populated by an
unusual number of psychotics, religious fanatics and obsessives.
Odd inconsistencies and strange coincidences abound, as
though the laws of nature and probability just aren't being
enforced as rigidly as usual. Ifthe Storyteller isdeft at balancing
chaos and intrigue, the players' characters reach a point where
theyhave no idea what's going on, but know beyondadoubt that
the fate of the world depends upon their doing something.
Eventually, they will have to be let off the hook so that the
chronicle can come to a satisfying conclusion, but that dan-
gling suspense is both the chief fun and the chief frustration.

© Fanaticism: This theme could well be considered a
subcategory of Chaos. Nonetheless, optimists can take heart:
Whatever else the omens may have wrought, at least the
Kindred have shaken off their apathy and inertia in response.
The voices in the wilderness finally have an audience. It isa
time for radical causes and sweeping reforms.

Leaders of fanatic groups, generally fanatics themselves,
often harboran unshakable belief in their own righteousness—as
well as that of their cause —and they soon seduce their followers
into the same outlook. In such a climate, tragic mistakes are
inevitable; butsoare heroic deeds. Those who have yearned tosee
thetoric put into action may have their chance at long last.

© Scapegoating/witch-hunting: Because many Kindred feel
powerless against what truly threatens them —Gehenna and the
Antediluvians— they tend to take out their hostility on nearer,
easier targets. Older Cainites often treat vagrant populations,
especially the thin-blooded, in the same way that citizens of a

country treat its unwanted immigrants. The thin-blooded are seen
asignorant, lawless and dangerously alien —a teeming, barbarian
horde, so to speak. Their mysterious powers are envied, but feared.
than the eventual overthrow of the social order; thus, they must
be suppressed for the safety of all true Kindred.

So long as they can make themselves useful, some thin-
blooded may succeed in being exploited ratherthan destroyed
outright. But no matter what they do, eventually the time of
purges will come. The treatment of the Jews and the Gypsies
by various nations over the centuries is perhaps the most
archetypal real-world example of this phenomenon.

Moop

Face it: There's little reason to tell a story about the end
times unless you can make the players really feel it, really place
themselves in the apocalyptic mindset. Mood is one of the keys
to creating that mindset. Pay careful attention not just to the
events you introduce, but the way you introduce them.

© Paranoia: This mood is the signature for any good
apocalypse. It also pairs reasonably well with the theme of
Ignorance above. For the thin-blooded, as for any vampire
unfortunate enough to be up and about in these perilous
nights, what you don't know can be a deadly danger.

IPsbeenmentioned above, but bears repeating: Vampiresare
naturally paranoid creatures. Betrayal is an integral part of their |
culture. Most vampires are out of the decision loop when itcomes
to Gehenna, and so their only alternative is to theorize and
conjecture. It should come as no surprise that the theories they
invent are as twisted and complex as their own devious minds.

The highest generations, too, have cause for paranoia.
Many of them, especially those who can still tolerate daylight
and mortal pastimes, consider themselves essentially human.
They remain close to the ordinary people they care about and
the values they were taught in life. From their viewpoint, even
a 12th-generation neonate is a menacing creature. Enemies
such as the scourge constantly swoop down on them for no
discernible reason, exact punishment for some mysterious
offense, then disappear into the night again. Wherever the
thin-blooded step, it's always on someone's toes.

Paranoia can be absurd as well as frightening. Although
such a chronicle should be overwhelmingly dark in ambience,
it may also give rise to some profoundly grotesque moments.
The eavian whose prophetic advice the characters have been
following might suddenly reveal, in hushed tones, her secret
theory that the Antediluvians transmit their subliminal mes-
sages to vampires through the left fang — and then runaround
savagely removing the offending article from all present. A cult
of vampires might decide to take a whole apartment building
hostage because one of its members "saw" Caine in the lobby.
But what constitutes an insane belief, when the times them-
selves are insane? Characters in an eve-of-Gehenna chronicle
should eventually come to feel that anything is possible.

Charter Four: Weerren in Reo 1

5

a

© Angst: (You knew you couldn't get away from it)
Perhaps it wouldn't be fair to say that the thin-blooded
necessarily have more angst than their stronger brethren, but
they certainly have a unique brand of it.

The central dilemma of vampirism is balancing the honi-
fying, instinctual Beast nature against the remaining human
nature. For the thin-blooded, in some respects, the struggle isa
milder one. They do not have to confront their monstrousnes
as immediately and as keenly as others of the Blood do, Manyof
them can enjoy human pleasures; those who cannot usually still
retain close ties to human society and blend in far more easily
than those whose attention must be divided between mortaland
vampire culture. Their supernatural powers are not as strong,
and soare more easily overlooked by themselves and others, The
game of denial is fixed in their favor.

However, this can also be a terrible disadvantage. The
closer you remain to your mortal loved ones, the easieritisfor
them to become caught up in the more bizarre and dangerous
aspects of your existence. The more openly you walk in
human society, the more likely it is that someone hostile will
discover your little secret — and he may understand its
significance even better than you do. Most importantly, the
longer you can deny your monstrousness, the more devastat-
ing it will be when it finally escapes your control,

In other words, the special torture of the thin-blooded is,
ironically enough, to be closer to humanity than other vampires,
The Storyteller should try to lull the characters into compla-
cency. Imagine the situation of a 14th-generation Caitiff. Fora
while, existence after his Embrace is surprisingly un-Hellish. He
switches to an evening shift at the restaurant (he can even still
sample the food). He brings his fiancée, his sister and, of course,

Grandma in on his secret. They're nonplused, but supportive;
the younger women even offer themselves as blood donors
(better he should turn to loved ones than unwilling strangers to
meet his needs, after all). He has no idea why he was chosen for
this weird affliction, but he knows he has potential he never
imagined. Perhaps he gets in a scrape now and then, but so far
he'salwaysmanaged to escape with his hide intact. He's thinking
of becoming a stage magician.

The Storyteller lets him have all this for a while, then
begins little by little to take it away. A frenzy in Grandma's
house thankfully doesn't kill the old woman, but it scares her
badly enough to confess to the parish priest. The vampire's
sire shows up with the bad news that her illicit Embrace has
been discovered, and she can be forgiven only if she destroys
her own childe. As for the fiancée, well, she's always told him
she wanted to have a baby eventually...

And if that's not enough angst, consider the problems of
raising a dhampir child.

True, much of thissameangstcan beexperienced by standard
Vampire characters, but they are often must make a quicker, and
therefore somewhat cleaner, break. Among the clans, many sires
insistthat their childer putaside the trappings of mortality and join
Kindred society as soon as possible. Before long, they are far too

Tine 0F THin Boop

%

immersed in the game of survival to notice their old life slipping
away... at least, until it's too late. Thin-blooded, being largely
orphans or outcasts' progeny, suffer no such distractions in their
early years and are free to experience the whole agonizing process.
¢ Horror: Much has been written on the subject of
horror in Vampire, butat the risk of belaboring it, a few words
must be added here. For the most part, horror greets the thin-
blooded in the familiar forms: Each has a Beast; the Beast
sometimes urges them into monstrous actions. They spend
their existences contending with the cruel irony of the
conundrum, "A Beast Lam, lest a Beast I become." The more
Humanity they manage to retain, the more appalled they
must be when the underside of their new nature surfaces.

If the personal horror is the same, however, the external
horror is another matter. Most Kindred find their elders
comparatively freakish, but to the thin-blooded, who tend to
move in mortal society more than immortal, all vampires are
freakish. To be hunted by a society of unabashed predators,
many of whom pride themselves on their alien moral stance,
isa horrifying thing indeed. Don't pass up the opportunity to
demonstrate this distinction to the characters.

CONFLICTS

The Time of Thin Blood is a period of intense polariza-
tion. None of the traditional Cainite groups can stem the

growing disunity in their ranks. Most of the standard Vam-
pire conflicts rage on with the same ferocity as always (sect
versus sect, clan versus clan, generation versus generation),
but a few new ones have arisen as well.

* Thin-blooded vs. "normal" Kindred: The thin-blooded
are perceived as dangerous deviants by others of their race. At |
best, they are discriminated against, forced to dwell at the fringes
of society; at worst, they become the targets of the scourge and
other persecutors. The Storyteller can wringa surprising amount
of drama from their futile search for a home. Fleeing the Blood
Huntinonecity, they are probably grateful, at first, to findamore
accommodating prince elsewhere; their elation might well sour
once they discover his price. In return for legitimizing them, he
may demand that they become his spies, or worse yet, hiscannon
fodder. They may be relegated to the poorest, outermost reaches
of his domain. Of course, protesting this treatment no doubt
brings the ax crashing down on them once more...

© Thin-blooded vs. other vagrants: No one knows better
than the anarchs, autarkis and Caitiff what it is to be outcast.
Nonetheless, they frequently turn away from their weak childer.
Disgustedat their failure and fearful of the scourge's wrath, they
reject the thin-blooded even more vehemently than their sires
inthesectsdo. Sometimes, they even take steps to drive outthe
unwanted competition. This is one of the more poignant
conflicts in the Time of Thin Blood: Itmakes enemies of those
who should be allies (and vice versa).

Carrer Four: Weirten IN Rep.

7)


* Thin-blooded vs. mortals: Even when thin-blooded have
no inkling whatsoever of the Masquerade, thatdoesn'tmean they
have any less to fear from mortals. Quite the opposite —since the
thin-blooded frequently retain their mortal ties much longer
than other neonates, their risk of exposure is dramatically in-
creased. Nor do they have as much supematural weaponry at
their disposal for fighting off the witch-hunters. Conversely,
Fearless Vampire Killers who have been schooled in traditional
methods of detecting and destroying the undead are in fora few
surprises when it comes to the thin-blooded, something smart
characters can easily tum to their own advantage.

© Seers vs. elders: The seers' clairvoyant talent often tells
them about the plots and dirty little secrets of the Jyhad's senior
players. Whether seers use that information is up to them, but
since they realize, as few others can, just how important their
part is in the grand scheme, they'll probably feel obliged to say
or do something (knowing that your actions might help or
prevent doomsday itself is the mother of all guilt trips). As a
result, seers tend to find themselves at odds with the mighty.
They must tread carefully, always leaving themselves an escape
route, always seeking out allies wherever possible. If a seer
makes an especially powerful enemy, she may be recruited by
someone else with a vendetta against that same elder: a local
anarch leader, perhaps, or an ancient clan rival.

* Rebels vs. collaborationists: A common predicament
is no bar to strife, and the thin-blooded themselves have
many differences of opinion — especially on the subject of
Kindred society. Many thin-blooded, perhaps most, long for
acceptance by their own kind. Others, politicized by the
harsh treatment they have received, hold that assimilation is
the tool of the devil. They deliberately adopt a countercul-
ture stance, and if they cannot persuade their fellows to join
in, they may well resort to harsher methods. So those hold-
outs thinks they'll be left alone if they don't bother anyone?
Well, perhaps an anonymous letter with their address and a
photograph of their little dhampir girl should be sent to the
local harpy. Then they'll see how futile it is to hope for peace!

* Cult vs. Cult: Cults are not exactly a new phenomenon
among the Kindred, but rarely in history have so many existed at
once. Rather than some titanic battle between good and evil,
consider giving your players a dirty little vendetta to satisfy. Even
minor differences in ideology are enough to set two Gehenna cults
ateach others' throats; afterall, the fate of the world depends on it.

CHRONICLES IN THE
Timt OF THIN BLOOD

As mentioned in the Introduction, the Time of Thin
Blood isn't the end of the world, only the beginning of the end.
Still, the specter of Gehenna haunts all chronicles set in this
dangerous time. Its menace should be obscure and yet com-
pletely plausible. As for the Jyhad, which has gone into
overdrive for the occasion, it's a mystery that defies all inves-
tigation, but if the players' character hope tosurvive, much less
to shape the course of events, investigate they must.

All this isa tall order for Storytellers — especially sine
amount of poring over White Wolf supplements can yield
definitive answer to what is really going on in the brackish,
minds of the Ancients. This ambiguity is deliberate. After:
who can fathom the gods? Well, you can. It's your apocal

Needless to say, the players should remain mystified for
the greater part of the epic; the Storyteller, though, mustha
a clear view of the big picture. Many different clues
theories have been promulgated in the published World of
Darkness material, to say nothing of the various (and often
vociferous) fan communities. It is your task to pick and |
choose among them or create your own, then weave the
elements that your players, if not your characters, are prob. |
ably familiar with into a coherent conspiracy that intrigues
and surprises them. What follows is a set of suggestions for
building an eve-of-Gehenna chronicle from the ground up,

Strep One: Apyust THE Focus

In part, this means making some basic decisions about
mood, theme, conflicts, etc., just as you would for any"
chronicle. Another very important issue is scale. An eye-of- |
Gehenna chronicle may well tend to assume (ahem) Biblical
proportions, but this need not be the case. It can justas easily
confine itself to the conflicts between sects, cults, clans, ete.
Once you've decided on the true scale of your chronicle, you
can decide how quickly you want to reveal it to the charac-
ters, Will they suddenly be plunged into events a good deal
beyond their control? Or will they gradually come to realize
just how far-reaching the implications of their actions are?

Step Two: Wuat'sIrAtt Asout?
Even if your chronicle is taking place on a modest scale, it
probably helps to have at least a basic idea of what the antagonists
(whoever they may be) are really trying to accomplish. The Jyhad
is as arcane and many-faceted as the individuals who wage it, and
onecan hardly hope toshow more thana part of the pictureclearly
in any single chronicle. Presented here are some issues for the
Storyteller to consider as she builds her web of intrigue.

* Last Man Standing: Many Kindred think of the Jyhad as
a giant game of King of the Hill, fated to end in the usurpation
of Caine's patriarchy (and perhaps even his very Blood) by one
of the Antediluvians. They see this same principle extendingall
predators; each ultimately seeks a solitary victory. In the mad
race for individual power, all ties of trust, belief and even Blood
itself ultimately become meaningless. The Jyhad is thus the
highest expression of the Beast's brutal, selfish imperatives.

* Holy War: Personal ambition isn't the only driving
force behind the cannibalism. Ideology, too, playsa strong role.
The very word Jyhad refers to the wholehearted pursuit of aholy
cause, and surely the Ancients are its architects. The First and
Second Cities were monuments to Cainite pride, yes, but also
to Cainite vision. In some Noddist legends, the Antediluvians
quarrel over God, Golconda and everything else under the

Tine oF THIN Boo 4

98

‘nicoon — but most especially, how best to carry on their
ire's abandoned kingship. Eminent Kindred scholars
haveidentified what they believe to be the main factions of the
clan founders. Details may be lost in the fog of oral tradition,
‘but the overall picture is clear: There really was some age-old
metaphysical contention, and the Ancients did take sides. No
doubt, they've dreamed of their many missteps and failures as
‘theyslept. Nodoubt, they fully intend to get it right this time...
‘once the heretics are out of the way, that is.

© When the Stars Are Right: "Holy war" or not, Kindred
fears of Gehenna tend to revolve more around what the
Ancients will do on first rising than around their future plans.
After millennia spent in torpor, their hunger will have sharp-
"ened to a keenness inconceivable to those of lesser Blood.
Their powerful Beasts will have overwhelmed all lingering
traces of human thought or feeling. Like alien juggernauts,
they'll range over the world to consume the souls of their
childer, and who will be able to stand against them? Perhaps
the last hope lies with their childer, those few who have
survived with a shred of sanity intact. They must remember
‘something that could help their descendants weather the disas-
ter; but will they tell it, or do they mean to interpose the rest
"of the Kindred race between themselves and their sires?
© The Generation Gap: On another level, Gehenna
"serves a purpose similar to that of the redwood forest fires.
Although the fire itselfdevastates the adult trees, the greatheat
also cracks open the shells of the acorns and permits them to
grow. This is a natural mechanism, designed to prevent over-
" crowding. Just so, the feast of the Ancients makes room for the
' continuation of the Cainite race. The Antediluvians rise, cull
| the surplus population and return to torpor. Supposedly, this
has already happened several times in human history (or
prehistory). Gehenna is the inevitable culmination of an
| ecological cycle; nothing more, nothing less.
i © The Big Lie: Gehenna is a myth, just as your Camarilla
sire always said. Whatever may have actually happened in those
remote first millennia, it's since been buried beyond recall in the
| uncruths and half-truths of the Methuselahs. Not a Noddist

verse, nota Lilin chant, nota page of the Brujah's history scrolls

| has escaped being twisted to serve the Ancients' purposes. Even
| now, the shadowy Kindred of the Fourth and Fifth Generations
| hope to use their progenies' fear of apocalypse to turn the higher
generationsagainst one another—and preserve their own place
at the top of the ladder now and for all time. Go ahead — pick
a lie; pick any lie. It doesn't make any difference.

©The Fisher King: The Book of Nod and other vampiric
| scriptures often portray Caine as a tragic figure, a sort of
wounded god. His curse consists not only of the physical reality
of vampirism, butalso of his estrangement from God, humanity
and himself. He is crippled forever by his inability torepentand
| forgive. And perhaps this is the problem that most deserves to
occupy the attention of the Kindred. Afterall, Caine isthe one,
| true source of the Blood, the one true father of the vampires.
Therefore,as Caine fares, so shall the Cainites. The Arimatheans

seek the Holy Grail so they can lift it to their Dark Father's lips
in the Final Nights and thereby cleanse the whole race of his
mark. Proponents of Golconda say that if only they could find
Caine to teach him, he and all he has wrought could be put
back in balance. Why bother with the Antediluvians?

© The Dark Mother: Vampires of the sects often forget the
demon queen when they lean over the chessboard of the Jyhad
toponderendgame. Othersrememberall too well thatthe queen
is the most powerful of all the pieces. Caine became the father
of vampires through Jehovah's curse, but it was Lilith who
supposedly granted him true power. She made him; she can
break him. And break him she will, for what he's done — along
with hissquabbling childer. Lilith evokes potentand valid terror
wherever her hand comes to rest. Like Kali, the Hindu goddess,
she is both the dark force of destruction and the creative
principle of motherhood, wise in the great, bloody secretno man
can truly understand. As her Bahari multiply, reveling, recruit-
ing and growing stronger in the pain of a race poised to destroy
itself, who's to say that the final move won't be hers?

Step THree: THe PRINCIPALS

Once you've decided what the Jyhad will be focusing on
in your chronicle, you can set about designing the important
antagonists. Some of them should remain hidden for a good
part of the chronicle; after all, no conspiracy is complete
without puppet masters. Nevertheless, even their offstage
actions are sure to have considerable impact on the flow of
events. And the players' characters will most certainly have
dealings with the manipulators' allies and followers, all of
whom can be created as necessary.

Flesh out your nemeses as lovingly as the players do their
characters. Most importantly, know their motivations — no
one, even a lunatic, exists for the sole purpose of doing
mischief. Moreover, those motivations should be as epic as
the villains themselves: grand ideologies, burning vendettas.
By and large, they should act in accordance with their own
best interests, though occasionally it's necessary, for story's
sake, to have them make a miscalculation. A hint: Antago-
nists with tragic flaws are good deal more pliable...

Step Four: THe Plot

Although player initiative is absolutely essential to the
momentum of a chronicle, it is your responsibility to capture
the players' interest, to give their characters an opportunity
to get involved, and then to guide their process of discovery.

The last is especially important in an eve-of-Gehenna
chronicle because the sacred mystery and frantic intrigue of
the end times virtually demand an investigative plot. What-
ever the characters seek, be it revenge or revelation, earthly
treasure or the bliss of Golconda, they can find it only by
patiently collecting and assembling your clues. The following
section details several archetypal patterns that can assist the
Storyteller in laying out those clues.

° The Russian Doll: Have you ever seen a Russian
Matryoshkadoll—each doll splits open to reveal another doll

(Chaprer Fours Ween wy Rep


inside? A conspiracy plot can seem like that. The characters
start by getting caught up in one intrigue. Eventually, they
figure out who's doing what to whom — but discover that the
local intrigue is just part of a broader conspiracy involving
more powerful forces. When they penetrate that conspiracy,
they discover a still greater power at work. Have they found
the true "secret masters"? Perhaps, perhaps not.

The starting point might be a conflict between factions of a
city's primogen, using the neonates and ancillae as pawns. This is
the first layer, the outermost "doll." Eventually the characters
discover thatone of the factionsisallied with anothercity'sprince,
who wants to discredita rival. They have discovereda deeper level
to the conflict, the strife between princes within the Camarilla.
That'sthe second "doll." As they feel their way through thisJyhad,
they learn about the Methuselahs and how they use their progeny
as catspaws for their own rivalries: a third, fourth, or even deeper
layer of the nested doll of conspiracies. Behind the Methuselahs
lies the awful power of the Antediluviansand the Great Jyhad that
drivesall the other intrigues (and the characters should beso lucky
to survive long enough to get this far...).

In sum, the Russian Doll model posits multiple layers of
plot. As the characters penetrate layer after layer, they
approach the center of the doll and the prime movers of the
Jyhad. The doll is a good model for epic chronicles, since it
promises great revelations and a chance to get involved with
the most important conflicts in the World of Darkness. Italso
works well formore mystical quests, such as seeking Golconda.

The Russian doll's disadvantage is a lack of what to do for
an encore after you've revealed the ultimate mysteries. The
Russian Doll model works best for chronicles that havea definite
ending point. It is also the best model when a chronicle cannot
involvea lot of travel. As the Chicago Chronicles show, amajor
city might hold all the protagonists and antagonists of a series of
intrigues, all the way back to a pair of warring Methuselahs.

© The Jigsaw Puzzle: In contrast, the Jigsaw Puzzle
model is far less structured. Here, the characters must wait a
long time before they see the big picture of the Jyhad —
assuming they ever do. In a jigsaw chronicle, the characters
see only the small, local intrigues. None of the clues have any
obvious relation to one another. The characters have no way
of knowing which events have a deeper significance. As they
learn more and more about the World of Darkness, however,
they find connections and patterns in events. A sinister
picture starts to emerge. Eventually, they put together enough
information to understand the dreadful secret of the Jyhad.

Clan and sect conflicts are particularly suited for jigsaw
chronicles (although the Storyteller should be careful about
applying the model too zealously; clan and sect membersalmost
never act in perfect concert, or even in near-perfect concert).
For instance, in city after city, the characters discover Tremere
involvement in the local conflicts. What are the Warlocks
really up to? The Camarilla-Sabbat war naturally lends itself to
jigsaw treatmenttoo, as the grand strategies of each sect emerge
from a welter of smaller plots and counterplots.

Tine oF Tn Boon
100

The jigsaw is open-ended: Characters can always find more
pieces of the puzzle. Note, however, that the characters need:
have reason and opportunity to travel frequently. The players |
might also get impatient if the Storyteller perpetually delays the |
great revelation, soit may not be wise to put too many piecesi
puzzle. The Storyteller faces the challenge of keeping the p

thrill of ef putting oneal the pieces of the purlelaal
few equals in gaming.

© The Chain: The Chain model is a bit more struchieal |
than the Jigsaw Puzzle, but more open-ended than the Rus. |
sian Doll. Here, each local fight, mystery or intrigue holds |
clues that lead to the next problem.

Achain chronicle is heavily episodic, with the strengths |
and weaknesses that implies. On one hand, the characters
always have convenient hooks leading them into the next |
story. Chain chronicles lend themselves to recurring oppor |
nents; in fact, pursuit of an archnemesis might be what binds |
the sequence of adventures together. Chains also work wel
for treasure hunts where the "prize" comes in several pieces }]
(for instance, a search for the lost chapters of The Book of |
Nod). Many television shows have used the chain asa model. 9)
Like these shows, however, a chain chronicle can sometimes JN
lean more toward action than horror, so beware.

On the other hand, a chain can be frustrating if it call
seem to lead anywhere. Ultimately, there must beanend tothe J)
chain. Characters must feel that they are headed toward some |
sort of resolution, whether it's to catch the one-armed vampire J
who framed them for murder or to collect the complete textof
The Book of Nod. The Storyteller can delay the resolution J)
indefinitely — but unless the players feel that their characters
have made some progress, they will probably get bored,

¢ Combination: One can often counteract the weaknesses
ofindividual models by combining them. Forinstance,aRussian |
Doll plot may seem alittle too tidy —and the World of Darkness
mightstart lookingabittoo completely controlled. Andifit'stoo
easy to uncover the next layer of the conspiracy, the players may
legitimately wonder why other vampires of greater powerhaven't J}
foiled the conspiracy already. The solution? Make the characters
assemble a jigsaw puzzle of clues or follow a chain of leads to
penetrate each layer of the Russian doll.

Conversely, after the characters figure out the "big
picture" formed by a jigsaw of small events, or follow a chain
to its end, they may find that there's yet another Russian Doll
layer of mysteries behind it. What they thought was the end
was only the beginning of something much bigger.

They might discover that the Camarilla-Sabbat war is
manipulated by a powerful group of Methuselahs who play
both sides. The dying words of the one-armed vampire might
force them to re-examine past events that seemed unrelated
at the time, but now look like parts of a Jigsaw Puzzle. Itall

|

ww

depends on how intricate you want to make your plot, the
interest level of the players and the length of the chronicle.

Step Five: Set THe STAGE
i Once all these decisions have been made (if not before), you
should have a look at the players' prospective characters. Much of
| howthe chronicle progresses will depend on their nature and goals.
| Don't be afraid to disallow or encourage certain character types if
you think doingso helps the flow of plot or troupe cohesion (though
| you should certainly make this much clear to players before they
| develop characters). Play through Preludes — with special atten-
tion to developing Backgrounds — then go back to the drawing
_ board. Do some detail work before the next session. The design for
| theopeningstory and the initial antagonists should be based on the
| characters' situation, which should now be firmly established.
Natural curiosity can carry them only so far, especially in the
_ beginning; give them a genuine stake in the course of events. Even
| ifyou are counting on one particular character to provide most of
the momentum for that first story, make sure you have something
for everyone. It's all too easy to lose people in the beginning, and
commensurately difficult to recapture them later on.

COTERIES

Several different ideas for character coteries in the Time
of Thin Blood are presented here.

Tue THIN-BLoopep CorTerie

When thin-blooded reach out into the night, occasionally
theyare lucky enough tofind each other, rather than the countless
predators that lie in wait. The bonds of loyalty insucha coterie are
often unusually strong. After all, who else can really understand?
All they have in the world is one another. To survive, the young
vampires may have to share not only herds and havens, but
whatever scant wisdom and experience they might possess.

The vampires of a thin-blooded coterie will probably
have to devote much of theirattention to survival; thesearch

for a safe haven, where they can live in relative peace, can
take up.a large portion of the chronicle. However, the need
for meaning will haunt them almost as relentlessly. Lacking
an inherited vampire culture, they are bound to go in search
of one eventually. This can end in their discovering Kindred
society, or even the societies of other supernaturals; or they
might fall prey to the seductive philosophy of an apocalyptic
cult. Alternatively, they might create a cult of their own,
modeling themselves on something they've seen in a movie
or heard from mortal guru. Kindred of the major sects can
only shake their heads in wonder when they encounter the
bizarre unlifestyles that proliferate among the vagrants.
Ahighly mystical chronicle can be built, forexample,around
acoterie comprising thin-blooded seers (and perhapsa follower or
two).On topofall the otherreasons toally, seersexperienceagreat
multiplication of their clairvoyant powers when they work in
tandem. A coterie of seers might have been hand-picked and
assembled by some powerful vampire with a Gehenna-obsession,
orthey might have found one another, having been drawn to the

same place by premonitions of the same disaster. Seers frequently
travel the world looking for items, locations and people that can
inspire their vision. Iftheyshare their talents with Kindred society,
they are likely to attract a sizable audience, some of whom will
persist in their interest even between omens; the seers might find
thisattention welcome or troublesome, butat the very least, itwill
make their unlives interesting. Of course, they will no doubt gain
a number of enemies as well.

THe Mixep Corerie

A thin-blooded character in a coterie of normal vampires
is often viewed as something of a burden. He is far weaker,
particularly in combat, and may need protection — especially
if the scourge should happen to pay visit. On the other hand,
he can bring unique skills and abilities to the group, as well as
a fresh (some would say naive) perspective. If he has enough
personal charm, he may be able to establish himself asa sort of
"mascot" or "kid brother" for the coterie. If not, he should be
prepared to put up with constant ribbing and even bullying.

In the present climate of prejudice and misunderstanding,
the most plausible scenario fora mixed coterie is one in which the
thin-blooded members are the childer of the other characters;
however, it's not the only possibility. Neonates in a coterie (ora
pack or gang, for that matter) are not always in a position secure
enough that they can afford to disdain an oursider's help, however
minute. Ifamember of the highest generations manages to obtain
some prestation over them, they may allow him to skulk on the
edges of their group, rather like a neighborhood cat permitted to
eat on the porch but not to come inside. In cities thar don't yet
have a scourge to sniff around investigating illegitimate sirings,
anarchs and Caitiff might be willing to take in a weakling childe,
aslongasshedoesn'tshowdefinitesignsofbeingon the run. Lastly,
seers' abilities are so prized (and feared) that a character who
possesses them has far less trouble than other thin-blooded finding
acoterie to accept him. Of course, said coterie may well have less
than entirely altruistic motives in extending the generous invita-
tion, bur unlife is full of such Faustian bargains.

Whenever and however a mixed coterie comes about, any
chronicle in which itis involved is likely to deal extensively with
the subject of prejudice. The coterie may struggle for acceptance
among the Cainites, or it may eventually declare sour grapes and
withdraw into hermitage, but while the battle lasts, it can provide
the chronicle with countless little dramas. Another good point of
the mixed coterie is the opportunity it provides toreverse the usual
progression of things. Most thin-blooded chronicles are sure to
explore the viewpoint of the thin-blooded as they gradually
encounter more and more of other vampires' bizarre customs. But
the trials a mixed coterie faces often end up drawing it away from
Kindred society, even when the majority of the coterie's members
are legitimate Kindred of established clans. In the first case, the
process is one of assimilation, in the second, of alienation. When
the two things happen at the same time — i.e., the thin-blooded
in the group become more comfortable with the Kindred outlook,
while the rest grow disgusted with the cruel and fearful behavior
of their former colleagues — it's especially fascinating to watch.

Charmer Four: Weerrav in Rep

101

Y


Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearn-
ing to breathe free...

— Emma Lazarus, "The New Colossus"

The following templates are meant to provide inspi-
ration, as well as to show the variety of character types that
can be created with Time of Thin Blood rules. They can
also be used as quick-start players' characters, however.

CINDERELLA

Quote: No, I can't make it Thursday — Nicodemus wants
me to delouse the rat-guardians and sweep the library. Oh, I
couldn't do that either — Nicodemus says the Toreador hate us.
Anyway, just look at me...

Prelude: You were always the shy little boy with the
glasses. The other kids teased you for your bookishness, and
the more they teased, the more you withdrew, until the only
life you knew was in your imagination, in the tales of passion

103

and derring-do that most stirred you. The Three Musketeers,
LeMorted' Arthur, The Lord of the Rings, Treasure Island... you
had devoured all these and more before you finished middle
school. No one was surprised when you decided to double-
major in medieval history and literature.

You were amere 18 credit-hours away from your bachelor's
degree when Nicodemus found you. At first, you knew him
only as the odd old man who sometimes came by your study
carrel late at night. He repelled you personally, but his first
few offhand comments revealed a deep understanding of the
work of Victor Hugo, which happened to be the subject of the
paper you were working on. Eventually, conversation with
the strange man became a habit.

You even got into a friendly gentleman's game: Every
week, each of you would propose some odd, obscure trivia

eae
question for the other to research, and whoever discovered his answer first was declared the winner. At first, Ni
beat you every time, but as you honed your research skills, you quickly caught up. You never realized that you were
trained until it was too late. A few months after your first meeting, while you were desperately cramming for
Nicodemus found you in your carrel and invited you out for a breather and a cup of coffee. It was unexpected, but
long since decided he was harmless. Your mistake.

Now you know the purpose for which your sire was preparing you. A huge Nosferatu warren exists under the oreenchaee
city, and within that warren is a library, bigger than the downtown city library and the
university library put together. The books date from the eighth century all the way up to
last month. Pompeii-style murals, visible only to "Kindred" eyes, line the walls in a giant
historical tapestry. It is truly a thing of beauty — but librarians are desperately needed,
especially since a certain Nosferatu vampire recently began demanding research reports (
on the most bizarre and obscure subjects.

Nicodemus had marked you to become one of the library's custodians. He'd
noted your intellect, your social awkwardness and your love of books, and he decided
that you would never miss your mortal life above. He underestimated you. Even
worse, he overestimated himself. When he Embraced you, his weak blood sparked
a pitiful response in yours. Although your sire was a Nosferatu, you became a
Caitiff, as his Blood left none of its disfigurements upon you.

You are so naive, you truly don't understand why Nicodemus hates you /

intellect. He goes out of his way to make your existence unpleasant, providing
you with only the filthiest, most maggot-ridden rags to wear and the scrawniest
prey to feed on (you haven't yet graduated to a diet of human blood, nor are
you supposed to leave the safety of the sewers till you're older, whenever that
may be in a vampire context). He fills your schedule with at least as many
menial chores as genuine research projects.

One night, when your Auspex had reached the point where you didn't need
your Coke-bottle glasses anymore (squintingatold textsin the dark was wonderful
practice), you threw them away. Nicodemus saw your sea-green, almond-shaped
eyes in the lamplight and went berserk. He chopped most of your hair off in uneven
chunks and savaged your face with a pocketknife. Many times since, he has repeated
this barbering and butchery, punishing you if you dare try to heal the wounds.

Concept: You've never thought of yourself as one of the beautiful people; in
fact, all your life you've considered yourself unattractive. But the truth is that you
were just awkward, bespectacled and poorly dressed. Next to your Nosferatu peers,
you look like a runway model, and they resent you for it. Despite the close eye they
keep on you, you've managed to make a few Kindred and mortal acquaintances outside
the sewer: a friendly mission worker and a small coterie of anarchs, who all keep
encouraging you to grow a backbone and rejoin society. You are reluctant to do so,
since you know what would happen to you if you got caught, but every so often you can
be cajoled into sneaking out. You have heard wondrous tales of a power called Celerity,
which would surely help you complete all those unfinished chores before sunrise.

Roleplaying Tips: You are a gentle soul, and you do your work dutifully and
patiently, hoping that in time your usefulness will gain you acceptance. But the more you
learn and excel, the more venomous your warren-mates become. You have been subjected
to taunts and snide comments since childhood, and now genuine abuse, so you've become
painfully shy. Flinch if people make sudden movements or try to touch your filthy body. You

you lack the courage to leave the confines of your cloistered world for long; your true Nature
is almost completely suppressed. Note that you rarely enjoy the full benefit of your
Appearance Attribute, since you generally walk around filthy and disfigured by your sire's
mutilations. You're allowed to keep only your hands clean—for handling the books.
Equipment: Notepad, fine fountain pen (a premature graduation gift), personal library
of paperback classics, hidden wad of cash from draining your old checkingaccount via ATM

Tit oF THN Boon
104

AM PIR

THE [TTASQUERADE.

Name: Nature: GALLANT
Praver: Demeanor:Cewctent-
CHRONICLE: CLAN: CALtI

PuHysicaL SociaLt
Strength. @@000 = Charisma @@000
Dexterity. 100 Manipulation. @@000
Stamina. lOO Appearance. @@000

Generation: / 4G
Haven:

Concept: CLINvegeL Ls

MENTAL
Perception.

Intelligence.
Wits.

ATTRIBUTE S

e000
@ee0e0
e000

erences (AJ [[ [| [0S arene een

TALENTS SKILLS HNOWLEDGES
Alertness. @@000)= = Animal Ken. @@000 == Academics. 0000
Athletics OQO000 Crafts. @0000 = =Computer. @0000
Brawl, 00000 | Drive. @@000 Finance @0000
Dodge. @e@000_s Etiquette. 00000 Investigation @eee0
Empathy. 00000 Firearms 00000 Law @0000 ©
Expression. OQO0000 Melee. 00000 Linguistics. @eee0
Intimidation, 00000 _ Performance. OQ0000_ Medicine OO0000
Leadership. 00000 _ Security. 00000 Occult. @0000
Streetwise. 00000 _ Stealth. @0000 Politics 00000
Subterfuge. @0000 Survival. @@000 = Science. 00000
res A A NT. ACS es oe
BACKGROUNDS DISCIPLINES VIRTUES
furces @0000 Susrex @0000_ Conscience Se0e0
ContRacts eeee0e Aucinaccsm @0000
OO0000 OQO0000
O0000 00000 _ Self-Control @e0e00
OO00O OO000O0
OO0C0O 00000
00000 00000 _ Courage. @@000
a
— Merris/FLaws —Humanity/Date: HEALTH:
[Ate Gencentton C2 Bruised |
@e@e@eeeeeeed 0 Hurt al i
Injured stoi
‘WILLPOWER Wounded i
eee0000000 Mauled 20
obo0o0o0000000 cee _
Incapacitated oO
‘BLoop Poor——— ‘EXPERIENCE

obDoooooono000
a a) wi a |


DHAMPIR WAIF

Quote: This is her picture. She's pretty, huh? Dad used to say I have her eyes.... Oh, I don't go
places with strangers. Really? Well, if you're sure you saw her there.

Prelude: Even when you strain for your earliest memories, you can remember nothing about
your mother. Dad always told you that she died of AIDS. Then he died of it himself. You got lucky
— HIV-negative — but the social workers who took over your life treated you as if you were
diseased just the same. Nobody wanted to adopt a gangly, gap-toothed, mixed-race eight-year-old.
You were shuttled from orphanage to foster home and back again more times than you could count.

Inschool, you managed to fail almost every subject, but you were so willful and headstrong that
your teachers usually passed you on to the next grade just to get rid of you. Although you quickly
got a reputation as a bully in every school you attended, the truth was that half the time you
were just defending yourself. So those boys got all upset when they found out you could (4S
shove back harder than they could. Boo hoo. Next time maybe they'll think twice.

Then one sweet day, your aunt came and got you. She said she'd been looking for
you for years, but your dad had moved around so much she'd lost track. She and your
uncle were so good to you, you almost felt bad about that one time when you swiped a fiver
from her purse. They fed you square meals and even took you to the dentist for braces, but
they couldn't give you what you wanted most of all: stories about your dead mama. They
didn't know anything about her, they said. She was just some floozy your dad had picked up ¢
on the road. You didn't want to believe them, so you started going through their things when
they weren't around.

Locked away in one of your uncle's desk drawers, you finally found what you were looking for:
letters from Dad to your aunt. He'd written about meeting this beautiful, angelic woman who loved
himand was going to help him kick the drugs and the booze. He'd even senta picture of her, acheap
Polaroid. She was milk-white, just like you'd always suspected she must be, with hollow cheeks and
a row of freckles across her nose. Still, there was a kind of wasted beauty to her.

The letters got sadder and shorter. He'd tested positive. He couldn't get any gigs. She was
feeling poorly. No, she was pregnant. Again and again, the letters asked for money. Your birth
was described in one curt sentence, and the next sentence held an awful truth: Mama didn't
died, she left. She left you, 10 days old, with your poor, sick dad. Where'd she gone? He didn't
know; she used to talk about having family in Chicago.

You knew what you had to do. In your very best script, you wrote a note to your aunt and
uncle to explain where you were going and why. You even forgave them for lying to you. Then,
photo in hand, you got on the next bus.

Concept: You have almost no idea of your supernatural heritage. The powers you possess
were developed by instinct, and you generally use them only in a fight or other stressful
situation. Still, you're learning fast. In fact, a few odd things your father said in the last stages
of dementia came back to you recently, spurring your investigation in a new direction.
Although you don't realize it, and despite your woefully deficient education, you're becoming
quite a little sleuth. The trouble is, you're likely to stumble across stuff you shouldn't long
before you're ready to handle it.

Roleplaying Tips: At 13, you still haven't quite lost your baby fat. Adults take one look at
your braids and your chubby cheeks and think you an innocent. And in many ways, you are; but
you've also had a lot of grief and pain for such a short life, and you've taken care of yourself for
as long as you can remember. Play along with the grownups, all sugar and spice, until they thwart
you. Then, let your jaw harden, cross your strong arms and show them all what a little hellion
they're really dealing with.

Equipment: Fading photo, fanny pack full of photocopied county records, Walkman,
wicked fighting knife, phone number of aunt (who is frantically looking for you!)

Twe oF Ton Boop
106


VAMPIRE

THE [JASQUERADE

@@000
@@000
@@000

@0000
00000
00000
@@000
00000
O0000
OO0CO0O
Lefelelere)
00000
@0000

Name: NaturRe:¥wattc GENERATION: NOWE
Praver: DemMeANnor:Cftl0 Haven:
CHRONICLE: Cran: Nowe Concept: Daanere Ware
ATTRIBUTES sae enemas
PHysIcaL Soctat MENTAL
Strength, @@@00 = Charisma. @@@00 = Perception,
Dexterity. @@@00 = Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence.
Stamina. @@@00 = Appearance. @@000_ = Wits
| ee rereceeeenementemrmenereenmsss AY] {| | [0G eeeeneenec ee
TALENTS SHILLS KNOWLEDGES
Alertness, @@000 = Animal Ken. 00000 Academics,
Athletics, @0000 = Crafts. 00000 Computer.
Brawl, @0000 Drive. @0000 Finance
Dodge. @@000 = Etiquette. 00000 Investigation,
Empathy. @@000 Firearms. Q0000 Law.
Expression. @0000_ Melee @@000 Linguistics
Intimidation, @0000 Performance. 00000 Medicine.
Leadership, Q0000 _ Security. @@000 = Occult
Streetwise @@000 Stealth @@000 Politics.
Subterfuge. @@000 = Survival @@000 = Science

eres AW AN A CFE S eer ee

BACKGROUNDS DISCIPLINES VIRTUES
Contences @e@e00 Rotence @0000 = Conscience/Conviction @®000
—Aiites __@O0000 __*eemtyre __@0000
KEesoveces @0000 00000
00000 00000 _ Self-Control/Instinct_@@®@®00
OO0000 00000
00000 00000
00000 O0000 Courage. ©0000
a RR Se RS EE
——Merris/FLraws—— 3 + Humanity/DATH: HEALTH:
Bruised Oo
@e@eeeeeenod 00 Hurt eo la |
Injured - O
WILLPOWER' Wounded ey) ea]
@e0eeee0000 Mauled 20
pooooooooo a =e

Incapacitated

BLOOD Poot:
HODROUBE oe o
es es a ep a ot

‘EXPERIENCE


Oo

S © E& R

Quote: Beware, mighty prince! Your doom ison the horizon.
Three heads it has, and five legs, and two tongues. It will come to
your city and befriend your enemies, who know... who know the
way to... damn. Lost reception. I can try again later, should it
please my prince.

Prelude: You always wanted to believe in
ESP. In fact, you spent a great deal of your
adolescence dabbling in the supernatural with
yourfriendsand their friends, holding séances
with the Ouija board and doing Tarot read-
ings. They all wanted you to do their
readings because you seemed to be so
uncannily accurate.

You never had the heart to
tell them your doubts. Sure, the
cards usually came up in appro-
priate patterns, but their
unadorned meanings were
vague enough tofitanum-

ber of interpretations.
Nordid you feel any mys-
teriousforceclosingthe gap
foryou. As faras youcould tell,
you just had good "people sense."
You tried hard to take the supernatu-
ral om faith, the way all your creepy
friends did; still, some skeptical cor-
ner of you kept demanding proof.
Meanwhile, you grew up.
Eventually, worldly concerns
sapped away all your energy for the
mystical. Your people sense served

SSN dane job as a flight attendant.
WK x \ Then, one night, you were
\ SS BQ) working a little commuter flight.
NY There were only three passengers,
NQAQG and two of them, bleary-eyed busi-
nessmen, had fallen asleep within
five minutes of departure. The other
was a very attractive, mustachioed
young man witha bit of a brogue. You
hatted with him for lack of anything
He claimed to be a
pardnonial researcher. You were fas-
cinated by his anecdotes. He seemed
to find your interest amusing — and
stimulating. He told you he had a
meeting to go to that evening, but if
you were planning to stay up late,
he'd love to go out for drinks with

you afterward. You accepted.

Five orsix hours later, you were in
hotel room, more than half-drunk,

trying to takea Zener card test. You have no idea how well youdid
—not very, youexpect—and the two of you went to bed together
instead of finishing it, anyway. The lovemaking was amazingly
tender. Eventually, an odd thing began to happen. Memories of
your life came back to you in flashes, and you sensed his presence
in your mind, sharing those memories. It distracted you from your
physical pleasure, but the experience of connecting with another
person so intimately more than made up for it. Just before you lost
consciousness, he whispered the words that you'd been yeaming
to hear all your life: "You have the gift."

Vague nightmares haunted youas youslept through theday
and into the following evening. You woke up to find you'd been
stuffed intoa jumbo garbage bag and tossed in an alley dumpster,

Youwere naked, and youshould have been freezingaswell
in the pouring rain. Getting some clothes proved to be a hell
of an adventure; luckily, somebody finally called the cops on
you, and they took one look at your cold, pallid skin and
decided you couldn't be doing this on purpose. You were taken
to the police station and given a blanket and some old sweats
to wear. You gave your statement, buta funny feeling in the pit
of your stomach told you to refuse hospital treatment. Despite
their warnings about hypothermia, you headed out to finda
phone booth and get your credit cards canceled. Life, or to be
more accurate, unlife, has been getting weirder ever since.

Concept: You are a born communicator. You have an un-
cannyknackforreadingpeople, nowsupplemented by theunreliable,
but powerful, force of your visions. Most importantly, you can tell
who has the leverage in any situation. When you know you have
valuable information, hold out for the best possible price:

You've been approached by a number of bizarre people
since your Embrace. So far, you've politely turned down all
offers to serve as cult priestess or messiah-for-hire. You set your
own hours and come and go as you please. Sometimes a little
blackmail or false enticement is necessary to preserve that
independence, but you can't really feel bad about that. After
all, they're horrible vampires who just want to use your gifts for
their own evil plots. It's even amusing to make them scramble.
Most Kindred despise you as a freak of unnature, but so what?
You have several princes competing to hire you as a personal
adviser. Although you keep hoping your sire will turn up, the
odds of that seem pretty lean. Obviously, he took you for dead,
or he wouldn't have disposed of you the way he did.

Roleplaying Tips: Act a little overconfident. You really
don't understand how much trouble you're potentially getting
yourself into. Then again, you certainly don't want to have a
bunch of powerful vampires pissed offat you either, so you usually
try to ingratiate yourself with whoeverseems to be in charge. You
never admit that you're manipulating anybody; everything you
do is couched in terms of your "messages from beyond." Not that
you lieabout what yousee in the visions— that would bean abuse
of your precious gift. You just report selectively sometimes; hey,
you gotta defend yourself. Whenever you're alone, you scribble
complex diaries of your prophetic dreams. You're sure you really
do have the answer... somewhere.

Equipment: Scrying mirror, crystals, incense, velvet-
wrapped Tarot deck, clove cigarettes

Tw oF THIN Boon

108


Name:
Praver:
CHRONICLE:

PxHysicaL
Strength.
Dexterity.
Stamina

@@000
@@000
@@000

AMPIRE

THE TJASQUE RADE
NaATuRE: SURVIVOR
DEMEANOR: VESLONARY
CLAN: CAUCE

Generation: / 5k
HAVEN:
Concept: Seer

ATTRIBUTES

SociaL

See0e0
@eee0
@e@e00

Charisma.
Manipulation,
Appearance.

MenTAL
Perception.
Intelligence
Wits.

ee ee

TALENTS
Alertness,
Athletics.
Brawl.
Dodge.
Empathy.
Expression.
Intimidation,
Leadership.
Streetwise.
Subterfuge.

SKILLS
Animal Ken.
Crafts
Drive.
Etiquette.
Firearms.
Melee.
Performance
Security.
Stealth.
Survival,

OO0000

HNOWLEDGES
Academics.
Computer.
Finance.
Investigation.
Law.
Linguistics,
Medicine.
Occult
Politics.
Science.

- rere OV ND ACS eee

BACKGROUNDS

DiscIpLines
®e@000

00000
00000

QO0000

00000

O0000

00000

OO0000

O0000

OO0O00O

O0000

VIRTUES
Conscience/Conviction @®@®0O

Self-Control/Instinct__@@@®00

Courage. @e0e0

SP

—- Menrits/FLaws
[5 Gencentton CAE

Le ALTH

— Humantiry/Datu:

@ee@e@eeeeend 0 0

‘WILLPOWER
ee@e@e@c0 0 00 0
ef ea ak a a) sf

‘BLOOD Poor
OOO0000000
OOOo0oo0o0o0o0o00

Bruised

Hurt

Injured
Wounded
Mauled
Crippled
Incapacitated

oooo000

‘EXPERIENCE


VAMpIRe DAD

Quote: Son, I think we need to have a talk about keeping
family secrets.

Prelude: She called herself Donna Felisa. When you an-
swered the door that night, shesmiled charmingly, picked youup
and threw you across the room. When you came to, she had your
wife and children trussed up like Thanksgiving turkeys. Donna
Felisa explained that the Sabbat wanted your town. As the most
successful real-estate agent in the area, you would locate accom-
modations. She regretted that you couldn't undergo the true
Creation Rites, but she needed your mind clear in the nights to
come. Maybe later. While your wife watched, Donna Felisa
drained your blood and made you a vampire. You woke up
hungry... but that's why this creature had left your family alive.
By supreme effort of will, you kept yourself from killing any of
them. Donna Felisa laughed. "Maybe later, when the Vaulderie
has changed your loyalties," she said. If you served well, she
promised, her pack would promote you from slave to equal
through something called the ritus.

Thank God your neighbor Phil came by to return the
lawnmower. Thinking nobody was home, he opened the
garage door with the key you gave him last summer so he
could feed your dog, Buster. The late afternoon sun shone full
on Donna Felisa. She woke up just long enough to scream
once before she burned to ash.

Luckily, you slept behind the workbench and the scream
woke you up. You told Phil to shut the door, then go upstairs
to free your family. Phil had a lot of questions. At first you
tried to explain. Then you just told Phil to look into your eyes.
Donna Felisa could hypnotize people; she'd shown that when
she... played... with your wife. Turned out, you could too.
You told Phil to forget the whole thing, and he did.

Somehow you managed to put your — life? — together
again. More hypnosis erased at least some of the nightmares
from your family. You talked your boss at the realty into
letting you show houses at night. Actually, some clients were
pleased; they had busy day jobs. Buster had to go, but a few
hutches of rabbits out back gave you an alternative to feeding
off your wife and your clients.

Then your wife had hernervous breakdown. Youcouldn't
have her tell the doctor why, could you? More hypnosis, and
when that wasn't enough you fed her your blood three times,
like Donna Felisa had wanted to do to you.

Once more, your wife smiled when you entered the
room. Then Bobby's girlfriend saw too much, and you had to
hypnotize her to make her forget. That upset Bobby. Maybe
that's why he tried to pound a stake into you. Hypnosis time
for Bobby. Now, little Justin's teacher wants to have a word
with you about the wild stories he's telling at school. And
how many lame explanations have you given to your nosy
next-door neighbors? Maybe they need a little look-deep-
into-my-eyes, too. Hardly a week goes by without some
absurd new predicament.

Time oF Trin Boop

110

Sometimes, you have to laugh at your existence —
because the only alternative would be to scream. And once
you start screaming, you might not ever stop.

Concept: Remember those '60s supernatural sitcoms
like Bewitched and I Dream of Jeannie? Your unlife might be
called Vampire Dad. You're a
regular, middle-class family man
who got turned into a vampire.
All you have to sustain you in }
this horrible, secret world of mon-
sters are your wits and the abilities
you developed asa skillful realtor.
Fortunately, you're asu-
per salesman, which
gives you an incredible
knack for Dominate.
You can make nearly
anyone believe nearly
anything... fora little
while. You'll probably
need that skill when
Donna Felisa's
friends show up. q

Roleplaying
Hints: You're a nice guy.
It's part of your job, yes:
Nobody buys a home from
a grouch. You're always
shaking hands and slapping
backs, with a smile like a
plumber's helper on the
downstroke. But youreallyare
amiable, and that'show you're
gonna stay. Nice guy, nice
job, nice house in a nice
neighborhood, nice family.
It really bothers you when
you have to rape
somebody's mind to pre-
serve your secret — but
someday, some way, you
will turn this horrible
mockery intoareal, happy
family again.

Equipment:
Realtor's jacket, portfo-
lio of houses to show,
sales awards, pipe
(never lit) and a
lovely home in the
suburbs. Weapons?
What weapons?

y,

Nawe: Natune-Deeectee Genenanion: 4c
Draven: Demeanon:Ceceneut HAVEN:
Cunosacre: Cian: Carcer Concepr: Venere Din

i
Prevsicar Soca Mewtat

Serength. {8000 Charisma, e000

Dextenty (©0000 Manipulation. 90000 Intelligence

Stamina ©2000 Appearance ee000 | Wits,

EEE EEE nee
Tavets Sua Kowrenoes

Alertness Animal K Academics,

Achletes Crafts Computer.

Saul Drive Finance

dodge. Etiquette Investigation

Smpathy. Firearms, Law,

preston. Melee Linguistics

stumidation Performance Medicine

ceadership, Security, Occult

Streetwise Stealth Politics

Subterfuge Survival Science.

te EEEEEEEEEEA AEE i een
BacKonounns Diserpemwes, Ventures

—beseweces _@®000 Conscience/Conviction @@800

ns

ee f80000

Self-Control/nscinct_@@@e0

000

Wit power
00000
oooo0000000

BL00» Poot:
Oooo0000000
ooooooo0000


wwe
InNce&ptror,R

Quote: I'm making this up as I go along.

Prelude: You were always underestimated. Parents, teachers, friends — none of them seemed to think you'd ever amount to
anything. Truth told, you figured they were probably right. But the old hometown was going through a bit ofa boom when you graduated
from high school, and ifa guy had biceps and knew how to use them, the construction crews wanted him. You liked your work. Youdidn't
get to wear a sharp suit or spend the day in air conditioning, but when you puta thing in its place, it stayed. Better than that, you knew
it would be there long after you'd forgotten about it.

Eventually, the work dried up. You started moving around, but the pickings were slim
everywhere else, too. The jobs got worse and worse, and the union just kept taking its big bite ¢
out of your pay. Finally, you were on this one job where a section of rickety scaffolding collapsed
and put three men in the ICU. It got a story on page four. You quit in disgust.

Your friends told you there was work out east, so you decided to hitchhike. You were
surprised as hell when a pretty girl in an RV pulled over for you. You asked her if she wasn't afraid
you might be some crazy rapist, but she just laughed.

Thetwoof youwound up pulling offintoacampgroundalong the highway. She hadatelevision
in her RV, and you snuggled up in the tiny bed together to watch it and talk about life. She had
amillion stories; seemed she'd been knocking around the country for the last three years. You
told her the driving would be easier split two ways. She laughed again. When you made your
move on her, she told you she only liked to do it by starlight. Fair enough, you said.

You never got past first base before she was sinking her fangs into your throat. It |S
felt great, but she drained you so low that you got really sick. Afterward, she just got
up and started to walk away from you, all businesslike. Who did she think she was,
leaving you here when you probably needed the emergency room? You struggled to
your feet and lumbered after her, meaning to teach her a lesson — but she held you
off like you were an infant. Finally, she shook her head and said she was going to do
something she would probably regret.

That was how you becamea vampire. She stayed with you just long enough
to teach you the basics and then bid you adieu. Gangrel — whatever the hell
that might be — met up every so often, she assured you, and you'd be seeing
her again. You better have some good stories when you do, though.

You aim to.

Concept: You'rea pretty self-sufficient type, and younever asked for
abreak from anybody, Still, youcan'thelpnoticing thateverywhere you /f] f
go the young vampiresseem to be gettinga shitty deal. Youhavenoidea /)gype
why they put up with it, and you tell them so. They don't need those Ai
dried-up elders; they can teach themselves how to use their powers.
Hell, you've done it. Sometimes the brighter-eyed among them ask to join up with you, and you
letthem, fora little while. .. till theyknow the ropesandcan make iton theirown. Youtry tospread
the message every little way you can. The dubious reward? You're becoming something of a folk
hero to the Caitiff in your comer of the world.

Roleplaying Tips: You have no idea that you're Caitiff; your loner lifestyle is indistinguish-
able from that of the Gangrel from whom you hail. Nor, yet, do they have any real inkling of
your "deviance," though they wouldn't be pleased to find out. Move and talk with quiet

vampire thing — you haven't yet dared to venture inside a church, for instance, and you try to —
confine yourself to animal prey for as long as your self-control will let you, But you're patient. &
You know that the answer will have to come its own way, in its own time. Ng
(Note: The Discipline marked on your character sheet as "My Power" is, well, just that
— your unique power, which you, as an inceptor's player, must detail. Talk to your Storyteller €
and come to an agreement on what this Discipline does at each of the four levels you can

managed to teach your one dot to a few Caitiff you've met on your journeys; you've also been
there as a big brother for other clanless working on new Disciplines of their own. Refer to
Chapter Three for more information on inceptor characters.)

Equipment: Bedroll, backpack, union card (you still work on night crews), motorcycle, .45

Tw 0F Tran Broo
112

AM PIR

THE AMP IRE

Name: Nature: SURVIVOR Generation: / 4
Paver: DEMEANOR: CAREGIVER. HAVEN:
CHRONICLE: CLAN: CALtIAE Concept: LWcEettoKR
ATTRIBUTE S Se
PHysIcaL Sociat MeNTAL
Strength @@@00 = = Charisma @@e@00 = Perception. @@000
Dexterity. @@@00 39 Manipulation @@000 Intelligence. @8000
Stamina @@e@00 = 3 Appearance. @e000~ 3 Wits. @e800
 peerere enemies A F3] [1] 125s aera eee a ne
TALENTS SHILLS HKNow.LenGes
Alertness, @@@00_~ = Animal Ken 00000 Academics. @e@000
Athletics. 00000 Crafts @@@00 Computer. @0000
Brawl. @@000 Drive. @@000 Finance. 00000
Dodge. @@000 Etiquette. 00000 Investigation. @@000
Empathy. @0000 Firearms. 00000 Law O0000
Expression, 00000 _ Melee. 00000 Linguistics. @0000
Intimidation. @0000 Performance. O0000_ Medicine. 00000
Leadership @@000 © Security. @0000 Occult. @0000
Streetwise. @0000 Stealth 00000 Politics. 00000
Subterfuge @0000 = Survival @@000 = Science. @0000

| fp sereeeeeenceemmceenmmecmcnmmemmes VAIN LAC (1S enemas

BACKGROUNDS DiscipLines VIRTUES
REsoveces @0000 Wy Rovier @@@00 = Conscience/Conviction®@®00
Contacts @@000 00000
eed @0000 O0000

00000 00000 _ Self-Control/Instinct_@@ee00
OO0000 00000
OO0000 OO0000
00000 O0000 Courage. ee00e0
a
—_ Menrtts/FLAws: —— _ Humanity/DaAtH: HEALTH:
Ace Gencentton C2*> Bruised oO
Ein "Broom C4 > @e@e@eeeee0 0 0 Hurt "i.
Injured 4aQO
WILLPOWER Wounded 20
e0eee000000 Mauled 20
poo0ooo0o0o000 Gupled. _ 8
Incapacitated a

BLoop Poor EXPERIENCE

of a a ae Ym
oboooooo0oo000



There will come a time,

when the heads of three Princes

will watch the burning of the dawn

on a pillar of white.

—"The Awakening of the Dark Father,"
The Book of Nod

For many years, the World of Darkness has teetered on
the brink of chaos. Well, it's finally happened. Vampires call
it the Week of Nightmare, when Gehenna moved from a
remote possibility to an immediate terror.

The end of the world isnigh — and under way already...

THE HORROR AWAHENS

The acolyte genuflected to Tieh Ju, the Iron Chrysan-
themum, quickly touching his forehead to the marble floor
three times. She impassively noted the slight breach of
decorum but instantly forgave it. She knew her pupils. They
would not hasten because of small matters. She nodded her
response a hairsbreadth further than usual, granting permis-
sion to address her without her panoply of honorifics.

Theacolyte did not waste words. "Revered teacher, word
has come from the Court of Luoyang. The ancestor claims
that the Eight Thunders Master has left her mountain."

The Eight Thunders Master. This did not entirely sur-
prise the Iron Chrysanthemum. She asked, "Did the messenger
say which way the master journeyed?"

115

"West," replied the acolyte. As she expected. All the
omens suggested a resolution to the long war with the false
vampires of India. Two nights before, she had felt the earth
scream asa terrible, hungry power awakened and ripped itself
free. Last night, she had smelled distant blood and terror on
the western wind. Yes, the Eight Thunders Master would
welcome such a battle. It was her way.

"Revered teacher, what do we do?" the acolyte asked. He,
too, understood the gravity of the battle that must take place.

"Do?" Tieh Ju echoed. "We watch. We learn the way
these events must follow. And then, when the time is right—
we do nothing, and thereby confound our enemies."

The acolyte bowed again, comforted by the familiar
wisdom of their philosophy. He murmured formalities until
she dismissed him, and he hurried off to spread the news.

In the time of her meditation, however, the Iron
Chrysanthemum practiced calling up the demonic form
and powers of her lower soul. In the Universal Way that
she followed, every action had its reaction; everything
balanced in the end. Nevertheless, she did not want the
end to be hers...

* * *

The photos of men and women dropped to the floor as
the test subject shot to her feet, staring at nothing. "Get Dr.
Netchurch! Now!" Dr. Reage hissed to the orderly. Thank
God she had the video camera ready.

"He split the mountain!" the woman shrieked. "The
king split the mountain! He calls the princes and princesses.
They run, but he sends his nightmares to fetch them!"

Dr. Reage held the woman's shoulders, heedless of her
extended fangs. "Who is the king?" the psychologist de-
manded. "Describe the king!" The younger woman only

babbled in a language Dr. Reage could not identify.
* * *

Chou Li and his four companions reclined on silken
cushions and admired the way the temple, the willow and the
lanterns reflected in the pool. He had just made a lotus bud
and now it was Shangguan's tum. The grinning monkey-man
recited his short poem, and the lotus bud opened to reveal a
little toad made entirely of emerald-green jade. The frog
blinked its stone eyes and trilled the last line of Shangguan's
poem. Everyone languidly applauded Shangguan's creation.

Then the frog exploded. Blood from a wound opened by
a shard of jade trickled into Chou Li's eye. The willow trees
twisted, cracked and screamed. The lotus blossoms thrashed
on their stems, and the white and golden carp leaped from the
water to flop on the temple floor. The grassy earth itself
heaved. The five ran for their unlives, as their favorite temple

collapsed upon itself.
*

* *

At the Western State Hospital, doctors, nurses and
orderlies rushed from ward to ward, hurriedly restraining the
patients. As one orderly held down a shrieking patient,
another tightened the straps around him. Dr. Melliot re-
viewed the patient's chart: John Riddick, acute paranoid
disorder, last medication three hours ago. As the doctor
injected Riddick with the tranquilizer, the patient stopped
struggling.

"The king woke up," he calmly said. "He woke up hungry,
doctor. Now he's eating all his children and his grandchil-
dren. They don't like it, but they can't escape his dreams." He
peered anxiously at the doctor and the orderlies. "You're not
hungry, are you? 'Cause if you are..." he paused dramatically,
"I'm not family."

Dr. Melliot moved to the next room in the ward. Jane
Kellner, catatonic schizophrenia, passive type. She sat on her
bed, one arm stiffly out to her side. At least she was quiet. As
he inspected her, however, she spoke. "The king walks with
his nightmares. They call his children to him"

She must have heard Mr. Riddick. Of course, that was it. Dr.
Melliot continued on his rounds. These poor souls were intensely
suggestible, ina morbid, self-torturing way. No doubt, he thought,
many other patients would rave about kings and cannibalism.

They did not disappoint him.

BATILEOFNIGHTMARES
Schiavelli dropped the microprobe in surprise when his
palmtopsounded thealarm. For0.43 seconds, he cursed himselffor
his reflexive panic, then for 0.28 seconds he cursed himself forhis
own irritation. Then he recognized the potential for infinite
regress in thisself-chidingand banished it. Be steel, hetold himself,
As he keyed off the alarm, he once more felt calm and precise,
At the touch of a button, his palmtop projected a rapid
series of satellite photos, MANAR telemetry data, maps and
graphs onto the air. Schiavelli felt hismind slip into overdrive,
correlating the anomalous readings with information gleaned
over the past year from around the world, until his intuition
reached a conclusion. The incident unfolding in Bangladesh
was much worse than the computer analysis indicated. His
little project would have to wait. Schiavelli keyed a complex
sequence on his handheld computer. He walked around the
corer and leaped into the back seat of a gray American sedan

that hadn't been there mere moments earlier.
*

* *

"The University faculty identified the language," Dr.
Netchurch said to Dr. Reage. "It's Sanskrit." The vampire
scientist paced back and forth, tapping his pencil in his
hands. "Sanskrit! Now they're speaking in tongues!" Witha
savage twist of his hands he splintered the pencil into splin-
ters and threw the remains into the wastebasket.

The psychologist watched her domitor carefully. She sel-
dom saw Dr. Netchurch so agitated. Any frustration now could
provoke a frenzy, and she could not bear the thought of his
magnificent intellect overthrown by the Beast. As the scientist
paced and rifled the transcripts of the seers' ravings, she selected
a bottle from the refrigerator, filled a beaker with the contents,
and transferred the beaker to the microwave oven.

"Ten heads... ten arms... cuts off his own heads one by
one and eats them..." Dr. Netchurch muttered. As the
microwave beeped, he stopped and sniffed. He snatched the
beaker of reheated blood and threw it back like a shot of
bourbon. "Ah!" He frowned. "Was that...?"

"The blood with the tranquilizer, yes," Dr. Reage said.
"Sir, you need it. You've been... irritable."

"Yes. Yes, I have. Thank you."

"So have all the other Kindred. The ones who aren't raving."

Dr. Netchurch stopped in mid-pace. "All of them?"

"All of them. The stress mannerisms are unmistakable,"

Netchurch pondered. "Give each of them 10 milligrams

* @fLibitumin blood solution." hesald: And sodium pentathal

inaserum drip for the seers." He whipped off his wire-rimmed
glasses. "Let's get to the bottom of this, doctor!"
* * *

Johnny Jumpup spun the girl from one arm to the other

as the big band music played behind him. Sometimes, he saw
a ghostly echo of the musicians around the CD player, which
perched incongruously on his lord's throne. His lordship

Tint oF TH Biooo

116

aad

affected to scorn "swing" and said he permitted these dances
only out of sheer magnanimity — but Johnny had seen
Cassidan's foot tapping to the beat often enough! Now,
however, Johnny only had eyes for the black-haired beauty
who swung on his arm about the hall. He beat a quick tattoo
in counterpoint to the music out of sheer high spirits: He
knew from Aronwy's flushed cheeks and bright eyes that he'd
jump her bones later that night. Commoner, ha! He'd show
her there was nothing common about him!

Even the fire in the hearth seemed to join the dance by
leaping and flickering to the beat. To mortal eyes, Cassidan's
court was just a shabby, rented hall decorated with old movie
posters and wedged between a pawnshop and a mini-mart.
Only the changelings, or mortals under their spell, could see
the marble floor, the tapestries, the golden palm-tree col-
umns with the living crystal birdsnesting among the leaves...
Nor could mortals see the Good Folk in their true forms. They
could not see the pointed ears and piquantly upswept brows
of Aronwy, or Johnny's horns and hooves. To them, his open,
brocaded shirt was just polyester from K-Mart. The fire itself
would look like nothing but a chafing dish.

Suddenly, the flame roared up, darkening to a bloody
hue as it split and coiled around itself. For a moment, two
figures struggled among the flames — a man (or at least
something more or less of human shape) and an enormous

cat rearing up on its hind legs. Jets of flame lashed out at
random, smashing the refreshment table and setting the
tapestries on fire.

Everyone ran for the door to the street. Johnny grabbed
Asonwy around the: waist. With an "Alley—oop!" Johnny
bounced into an aerial somersault, up and over the other
revelers, Aronwy in his arms. Just as the last changeling reached
the street, a great puff of fire blasted through the roof of the hall.

"Are you all right?" Johnny asked his companion.

"] think so," she replied

"Demon!" shouted the pamphleteer on the corner a few
yards away. Johnny saw him there daily, shoving his tracts in the
faces of passers-by, exhorting them to let Jesus into their hearts.
He harangued the changelings every time they hada dance, and
he never saw a hint of their true selves. Now, however, Johnny
saw the man brandish his cheap wooden cross at—at him?

"Avaunt thee, Satan, and thy harlot with the
phleteer roared. Light blazed around the cross. Reeking
flames burst around Johnny. He leaped away from the
hellfire, frantically slapping at his scorched legs. Mundanes
couldn't do this! Johnny ran. At least Aronwy ran with him.
The other changelings scattered too, lashed by the street
preacher's fury. Behind them, cries of joy, surprise and terror
arose as other mortals found their dreams coming true —
and their nightmares...

‘Aprenonx: THe Weex oF NicHTMARE
117

* * *

Frater Siderius pounded the table, making the scattered
charts, pens and protractors jump. "Didn't I tell you?" he
crowed. "Didn't I say this would happen in 1999?"

"You said that some major disruption would happen in
1999. Just like you predicted a world-shaking catastrophe in
1979." Ashmole spoke skeptically, but he bent to look at the
crystal ball again. The orb rocked slightly on itsrune-struck silver
plate, in mild sympathy to the violence it showed. Ashmole saw
dense, churning clouds, intermittently lit with both mundane
lightning and the stranger discharges of supernatural force.

Siderius drew himself up to his full five feet. "I predicted
a drastic change in 1979," he said. "And I stand by that
prediction." He tapped one of his astrolabes. "When Pluto,
terrible planet of entropy and apocalypse, passed within the
orbitof mystic Neptune, planet of the infinite and indefinite,
a door opened and something new entered. Not a thing or
being, necessarily, but a new possibility — the unimaginable
become real." He snorted. "Great God, man, I confirmed my
astrological findings with both geomancy and the Holy Qabala.
How can you doubt the findings of three precise sciences? It
is not my fault that the order neglected to discover what new
phenomenon entered the world."

Siderius tapped the other astrolabe. "Now, with Pluto
approaching Neptune again — outbound this time—the door
has opened again. You can see the results!" He drew Ashmole
to the window and pointed an accusing finger at the brilliant,
red star buming in the sky. "Something else has entered.
Something you cannot ignore." Then Siderius bit his lip, his
ebullient mood passing in an instant. He, too, looked at the
crystal ball again. "And I think that something equally great

and powerful is about to leave reality. But not without a fight."
* * *

"The dragon rises, the crane falls and the tiger circles
*round," Wendy murmured.
"They strike at the king'snightmares," said another vampire.
"The nightmares strike back," added a third.
"Does this make any sense to you?" one ghoul orderly
whispered to another. Dr. Netchurch shushed them both.
* * *

"Hang on!" Stepperfellt shouted — quite unnecessarily,
for all his passengers had grabbed the sides or mast of his skiff
as soon as the wave struck. Wave after greasy black wave
crashed over the little boat, sending it spinning. The Byway
they followed appeared to break into spinning whirlpools, a
gibbering face at the center of each one.

"What! Is! That!" one of his passengers shouted.

"[t'sastorm, stupid," Stepperfellt muttered. "That's why they
call this the Tempest." Then he saw what his passenger meant.

Four enormous, transparent figures fought above the
Sunless Sea and sent waves of turbulence in all directions. One
looked more or less human... butno human ever had such long
talons, or such a distended mouth full of fangs. The other three

figures flickered and shifted. One moment they looked human,
the next they were a dragon, a tiger and some sort of bird —a
stork, maybe? — and a moment later they took the form of
grotesque, fantastic demons. The dragon and tiger clawed at
the man, who lashed out at them both with his enormous
talons. Then the bird swooped in, beat at the man's head with _
its wings, and a boom of thunder rolled across the sea.
Stepperfellt wrestled with the rudder as he tried to tum.
the skiff. A flash of brilliant light distracted him; the man-
tiger held a javelin of white flame and hurled itat the central
figure. An enormous, black shield appeared on the man's arm
and the burning javelin exploded against the shield. Even
from so far away, Stepperfellt could feel the heat.
Shitshitshitshitshit! If only... there. Stepperfellt forced the
skiffabout. Now, each wave pushed it farther from the battle.
One of the whirlpools rose from the sea. At the spout's tip, a
patch of gray, wavering light appeared. Stepperfellt wrestled
the skiff through the heaving sea bya mixture of skill and will.
Then there was no more steering, only hanging on as the
vortex swept up the little boat, around and through. The skiff
vanished from the storm-tossed sea and erupted from a
churning black pool in the middle of a dead, decaying forest.
Stepperfelltand his passengers picked themselvesup."Owoo,
who said thatdeath wasan end topain?" one of them complained.
"Never mind thar," Stepperfellt replied. "We need to find
shelter. That storm will break through in force prettysoon. When

it's over..." Stepperfellt sighed. "We find out where we are."
* * *

Dr. Melliot massaged his neck as the orderlies wrestled
Mr. Riddick back into bed and strapped him down. Damn,
this time the man had tried to bite him. "Let me finish!"
Riddick shouted. Melliot glared at the wall and Riddick's
interrupted finger painting in his own blood and feces: Four
stick-figure men with huge, fanged mouths where their heads
should be, and bloody swirls and clouds around them.

Riddick definitely needed heavier sedation... he and

half the ward.

Ed #

"Code Ragnarok. This is not a drill. Repeat, Code
Ragnarok. This is not a drill." The relays carried his voice
around the world and beyond, to a hundred other installa-
tions, where hundreds of men and women dropped whatever
they were doing and hurried to new posts. "Analysis indicates
multiple presences, force eight to 10 at the center of the
disturbance. Monitor all locations for collateral activity."

*

Next to Schiavelli, another man and a woman gave their
owncommands." Activate solettas two through five," the woman
said. A thousand miles above the Earth, four refrigerator-sized,
jet-black cylinders splitand slowly unfolded intosilyer-mirrored
daisies, each a mile across. At her further commands, the great
mirrors turned to face the sun, bouncing the light down to night-
shrouded Bangladesh.

The other man spoke into his own microphone. "We
need the Storm Chasers in there now to cut the cloud cover.

Tie oF Tan Bioon


=——
Use all available armaments, ground and airbome, to protect
them." A pause. "That's right, this is a suicide mission."

In front of the three, their operating protocols appeared
on a computer screen.

»CODE: RAGNAROK

> OPERATIONS BUDGET: UNLIMITED

»PERMISSIBLE WEAPONS: UNLIMITED

» PERMISSIBLE CASUALTIES:

>» LOCAL INHABITANTS: 100%

>» ASSOCIATE PERSONNEL: 100%

>> ENLIGHTENED OPERATIVES: 100%

Schiavelli typed access codes at his keyboard. A laser
scanned his fingerprints and retinal patterns. A microphone
confirmed his voiceprint.

Code Ragnarok. A threat to the entire world. If the
weather-shapers could not pierce the typhoon, Schiavelli
had another way to bring sunlight to Bangladesh and the
things that battled in the storm. He typed more codes and, 600
miles above the Earth, three more jet-black satellites un-
folded to reveal racks of missiles.

A few tens of thousands of lives to save six billion lives now and
countless billions to come, he told himself. A rational transaction.

* * *

The cops wrestled the screaming woman into the jail
cell. "Damn, how does she keep it up?" one complained.

"Drugs, probably." The other cop shrugged. "You know.
Fucking angel dust. Bad trip or something."

"Hey, don't leave no crazy bitch in here with me!" the
cell's other resident called. He was a purse-snatcher arrested
earlier that night. "I'm tellin' my lawyer about this!"

The cops ignored him. "So who is she, anyway?" the desk
sergeant asked.

"Let's see," the first cop replied. He flipped through the
arrest report. "Driver's license says she's V. Harriet Bakos,
lately a resident of California. She's a long way from home."

At that moment, the woman stopped screaming and
began babbling. "Oh God, mother Mary, they're ripping up
the sky; they're tipping up the grotind! Thedeadicall tothe
dead!" She began chanting, "Dragons and tigersand crane!
Dragons and tigers and cranes, oh my god!" swinging her
fong; lank brown hair in time-to hee words:

"See what I mean?" the second cop said, as he poured a
cup of coffee. "Drugs."

Then the purse-snatcher began screaming. All the cops
turned and saw the tiger walk out of the jail cell, passing
through the bars like a ghost. All the cops drew their guns.
Two of them fired. The tiger vanished, while the purse-
snatcher moaned a wet, bubbling moan and fell to the floor,
blood quickly staining his shirt. A crack of thunder rolled
through the precinct house, and the cops felt a powerful wind
swirl around them, yet somehow leave the papers on their
desks undisturbed. It began to rain in the cell.

‘Appenonx: Tre Week oF NiceTMaRE
110

‘Thesecond cop shakily lifted his Sryrofoamcupof coffee

to his lips — then threw it away with a cry of disgust at the
worms wriggling in it. When it splashed against the wall,
however, it held no worms. His parmer did not notice:
Having suddenly realized that he was stark naked, he was too
busy hiding behind his desk. The other officers soon found
preoccupations of their own,

* * *

Lt, Roderick Crowe wished his scouts would return. He
wished he was in his bomber again, high above the typhoon,
instead of soaking and shivering underneath it. While he was
at it, he wished the storm would just go away, and take with
it whatever horror had set his spirit watchers screaming even
thousands of miles away.

As if these poor people don't have enough problems, he
thought. Between the rain and the storm surge, half of
Bangladesh must be underwater. Thousands would die, even
without a rampage of the goddamn Leeches.

His air-spirit scouts appeared before him in little puffs of
mist. Metal birds attack the clouds! Bad! one spirit said. Storm
coming, exclaimed another of the excitable elementals. Go
home? Home come here?

Crowe soon learned what the spirit meant. A rippling
green and yellow glow blossomed in the distance to shine
faintly through the storm. He sniffed and even through the
storm he could smell the sharpscent of overflowing life. Home
come here! the little elemental announced. An eruption of the
spirit world into this one? The shaman had thought he'd
never live to see sucha thing. His heart rose. The spirits would
surely aid his pack against the deathly thing within the storm.

Then hishacklesrose, and he growled. Streaks of blackshot
through the storm. They reminded him somehow of black iceon
a toad, eager to claim the life of a careless driver. Something
tapped him on the shoulder and fell into the streaming mud. A
finger bone? He and his packmates stared at the rain of bones.

The storm of life and death surged outward and swept

over the small group of warriors.

* * *

"Chains of water," Kellner said in her usual dull rone.
She no longer strained against the straps. "Water holds him.
That's why they called the storm, you see, Doctor?" Melliot
ignored her words and jabbed her with the sedative. Dammit,

he'd get this ward quiet!
*

Mujiburknelt with his family in the upper floor of the house
at the outskirts of Khulna. Three other families knelt as well.
Water six feet deep covered the ground floor. Together, they
prayed that the gods would cool his wrath and let them live
through the storm. The wail and roar of the typhoon almost
masked the sound of the building next door collapsing into the
flood. Mujibur knew his own shanty must be long gone.

Three of the children cried, and their mothers could not
comfort them. "There are ghosts out there," one little girl
sobbed. Her mother shushed her, telling her that it was just

* *

he wind. For a moment, Mujibur thought he saw a snarling

face push froma corner of the room — no, of course it was just
a trick of the light from their single, flickering oil lamp.

"Papa, will we die?" Mujibur's youngest son asked for the
tenth or eleventh time that night. Mujibur gritted his teeth.
Wouldn't the brat stop? Suddenly Mujibur felta burning rage
slide into his soul. "Yes!" he snapped, "We're all going to die!"
Hesnatched the handle of a frying pan from the bundle of his
family's meager possessions beside him. He'd spank the child
with it just once to shut him up...

* *

‘When Cyprian entered, he found two cops dead and the
rest in hysterics. One held his gun on the young woman in the
jail cell and screamed at her to stop it. While he screamed, one
of his teeth tensed and snapped. Several others had broken
already. Cyprian said, "Attend me," in a low but penetrating
voice. The cops all looked at him. "I require assistance."
Several of the cops hurriedly straightened their uniforms.
"That's right," the gray-haired man continued. "Decorum.
S.O.P. Do it by the book." One man slowly walked to his desk
and sat down. Under the newcomer's gaze, the other police
drifted back to their posts — those who could, at least.

"Very good. Now, unlock the cell and bring the woman to
me." One of the cops obeyed slowly, walking through a swirl of
ghostly snakes. Cyprian held the woman's head between his
pale hands and forced her blind gaze to meet his eyes.

"Sleep," he commanded, "And do not dream. Sleep."
The young woman's eyelids fluttered and closed. She sagged
into the stranger's arms. The snakes and other phantoms
vanished. He laid heron a desk. Cyprian addressed the police
again. "Thank you. Now clean this place up. When you
finish, you will not remember her, or any of this." He
inspected the bodies of the purse-snatcher and the two dead
cops, licked his lips, then shook himself slightly. Producing a
handkerchief, he carefully took the gun of one of the dead
cops and pressed it into the purse-snatcher's hand.

At Cyprian's bidding, the cops lined up before him. One
byone, he stared into their eyes and told them, "The criminal
grabbed the gun and started shooting. Of course you had to
shoot back." Each cop nodded, then returned to his desk.

Oncehefinished, Cyprian hoisted thegirl likeasack of flour
and carried her from the police station to his Lincoln Continen-
tal. He sat beside her in the backseat. "Home," he told thedriver,
and sighed. Protecting the Masquerade took more effort every
year. Why do I bother? he wondered. He looked at the young
woman and hoped he could find a reason not to kill her.

* * *

*

Lars plunged his massive blade into the throat of the last of
the scrofulous, bird-headed monsters. As the battle-fever faded,
the sodden werewolves looked around them. They had arrived
too late to save the men and women in the orange jumpsuits.
Broken guns like none Crowe had ever seen lay in the mud. In
the center of the battleground sat a plastic drum with a dish
antenna on top and a few dials and meters on the side, secured

Tive oF THN Biooo

120

by cables staked to the ground. Around it hung the sharp, cold
smell of stasis and logic, an odor smelled with the soul.

One of the fallen men groaned softly. The warriors
crowded around him. Everyone's ears flattened in shock as
they saw the flesh melted in rivulets across the man's eyes.
"Medic!" Crowe shouted. Old habits die hard. The man
feebly stirred.

"Captain?" he croaked. "Secondary... neutralized... Unit
positioned... Send... planes." He coughed. "We did it, Cap-
tain. We... did it...

Crowe felt the man's pulse. He would not live long. The
shaman felt the man's soul stir, preparing to leave its vessel of
flesh. A powerful soul, one that could force order on the world
by will alone.

A werewolf hefted one of the strange rifles and raised it
overhead, ready to smash the dish antenna with its butt.
"No!" the shaman commanded. "Leave it alone!"

"You know what these people are. They want us dead,
sir! Two years ago, some of them killed my cousin!"

"I said, leave it alone," Crowe growled. "They aren't our
problem. Not now, at least. And if these things attacked
them" — he kicked one of the rapidly decomposing corpses
of the bird-headed beasts — "They can't be all bad. I have a
feeling this machine's meant to contain the damage, some-
how, or to harm whatever monster we came here to kill. We
letit be!" The two werewolves glared at each other for several
seconds, but the younger one quickly backed down.

"I still don't like it," he muttered.

"You don't have to," Crowe snapped. "Now, we still
haven't seen what's causing all this. Move out!"

FINAL DEATH

Tieh Ju and Chou Li watched the supernatural storm
from amile away. The mundane storm hardly bothered them.

"It is the Yomi World," Tieh Ju explained to the curious
snake-man. "Hell on Earth. Ifnothing contains itsoon, itwill
cover the world. In opening doors to both the Yin and Yang
Worlds, the Bodhisattvas may have acted imprudently."

Around them, the Iron Chrysanthemums acolytes swat-
ted away the ghosts and demons. More and more, however,
she felt her attention drawn to the thick, churning clouds
that drenched her and her students. Something more than
the battle disturbed those clouds. She extended her subtle
senses and felt the aircraft moving above the clouds, pushing
at them with magical breath. The Five Metal Dragons. Of
course they would be here. She calmed her mind and felt the
Way whisper in her soul. Too soon, it said. She turned to the
serpent-man and asked, "Honored sir, do you believe you
could thicken the clouds?"

Chou Li gave her a puzzled look. "They seem thick
enough... Ah! They do seek to part! How curious." He bowed.
"I will do my poor best, revered ancient, in memory of past
favors to my kind." The serpent-man concentrated, then

staggered, "So strong..." he whispered. "A mighty force pushes
against the storm. I do not know how long I can do this."
[will help you," the Iron Chrysanthemum said. She deftly lit
the snake-man's shoulders. Immediately, he straightened.
"Youhonorme, revered ancient," he said. "Iwill notfail you."
* * *

"Something's fighting us!" Schiavelli heard the pilot say.
"Something must be maintaining the typhoon." Schiavelli
swallowed hard. Now that the moment neared, he did not feel
like a hardened, precision instrument. He reminded himself
that in all likelihood the masses near the battlefield were all
dead already. He typed at his keyboard again, spoke words into
the microphone. Thousands of miles away, a satellite received
its instructions and took aim. Rocket after rocket soundlessly
erupted, hurtling down toward Bangladesh like falling stars.

* * *

Crowe prayed as he fought. An elephant-eared demon had
slain two members of his pack even as they killed it. Now, they
them with his claws or crush one in his fangs before it faded away
but for every one he — killed? — another took its place. He called
‘on every spirit who had ever helped him or anyone he knew and
begged for someone to save his comrades, if not himself.

An incredible flash of light bleached the world into stark
blackand white. To hisamazement, Crowe felt the blast with his
spiritual senseas well. Itfelt like the aura around the sacred places
of his kind. Every one of the phantoms vanished in the blue-
white glare. Then, a roar like a falling mountain hammered
against the shaman. In a moment, his dazzled eyesight cleared.
A hot new wind blew, prickling with unholy radiation. No, it
couldn't be... Another bomb exploded a few miles to his left.
Nukes? Spirit nukes? Jesus H. Christ, now I've seen everything!

The next bomb fell very close to him. He only felt a
moment of dislocation as his body vaporized, and then his
thoughts passed into history.

* * *

All five of the seers screamed, "He's burning! He's
burning! The sun fell from the sky and he's burning!" Dr.
Reage held the video camera while Dr. Netchurch struggled
to paste the EEG's electrodes to Wendy's forehead. The EEG
had never worked ona vampire before, but with vampires like

these you never knew...
*

Awake but unseeing, the woman lay on the couch. Two
burly ghouls held her down. Cyprian sat wearily in an armchair
beside her. The sun had been up for hours; he wanted desper-
ately to sleep, but the terrible dreams kept waking him up
again. That he could not remember the content of the night-
mares frustrated him even more. He mightas well do something.

He glared at the young woman and demanded, "What is
your name?"

* *

‘Aprenoox: Tee Week OF NIGHTMARE

121

"V. Harriet Bakos," the woman replied. "Vampiresa
Harriet Bakos." Vampiresa? Parents these days...-

"How old are you... Harriet?"

"I'm almost 20.

"Where do you live, Harrier?"

"Trailer park..."

So far, so good. "What are these dreams you have,
Harriet? How do you make other people see them?"

Harriet struggled against the strong hands of the ghouls.
"All dead! The three masters, all dead when the stars fell!"
Her eyes shot open. The room brightened as five balls of
terrible white light shone above her and rose into miniature
mushroom clouds. Cyprian howled as his flesh blistered, and
heran from the room. The ghouls dithered fora few moments
between orders and emotion, then hurried after their master,

Harriet swung to her feet and staggered out another door.

Eventually, she found a way out of the house.
* * *

The acolytes howled and ran as the fierce white light
seared their flesh, but the [ron Chrysanthemum stood her
ground. Only two of the bombs actually fell close enough for
their lightto burn her. Chou Li stayed beside her, holding the
clouds in the grip of his will. The whirlwinds of bones, blood
and gore vanished as pillars of fire rose to pierce the clouds,

"A little longer," Tieh Ju whispered to the snake-man.
"Just a little longer." The Way burned in her long-dead heart
as the universe moved to restore its balance. The time to stop
acting hurried closer, closer. She bit her own cheek and
sprayed a mouthful of her blood into the wind.

Minutes later, a vaguely human figure staggered toward
her through the rain. She guessed it might be male but could
not be sure. Flakes of black ash covered the remains of its
naked, shriveled body. One arm hung as a stump of tattered
meat. Hallucinations of pain radiated from it, like the vibrat-
ing, inner light of migraine. It had survived the wrath of three
Bodhisattvas and a bath of nuclear fire. Tieh Ju knew that,
even weakened as it was, she could not fight it. If she tried, it
would replenish its strength on her chi.

Although the thing had noeyes, only sockets oozing black
blood, it turned to face the pair. Its fanged jaws worked, and it
rasped out, "Blood. Feed. Hunger." It spoke Sanskrit, the
ancient tongue of India. The Iron Chrysanthemum knew the
language moderately well. She released Chou Li's shoulders
and nodded to him. The snake-man slumped to the ground.

Tich Ju bowed to the swaying figure. "Good night to you,
brother of Zao-Lat," she said. "Or perhaps — good morning?
In any case, goodbye." As the charred figure leaped at her, she
sank into the ground. The figure hissed and turned to the
snake-man. Chou Li consigned his own soul to Heaven...

.--And, released from Chou Li's power, the clouds rolled
apart from horizon to horizon. A line of four suns spanned the
sky. The figure screamed as it caught fire in the quadrupled
sunlight. Chou Li thought that the entire world must hear

Tw oF Tun Boop

122

we

that shrill, inhuman scream. The thing ran only a few paces,
then fell. A minute later, nothing remained but a sticky ash,
already dissolving into the mud.

AFTERMATH

Cyprian ripped the gate off its hinges and stomped into
the trailer park, his ghouls trotting behind him. Damn the
Masquerade anyway! If he didn't get some information here,
after all he'd been through, he'd break some necks. The
phone book indicated the Bakos family lived here. Looking
around, he saw a variety of trailers and mobile homes.

Where were the people? Why were no lights on? Cyprian
stopped, Blood. A day old at least, but no vampire would
mistake that smell. He found the first body soon after.

Black paint covered the windows of the Bakos trailer.
| Odd, for humans. He sent one of his ghouls in first. "Two

dead, sir," the ghoul reported. Then Cyprian entered.

The swarthy, sharp features of the dead woman on the
floor explained the mystery. Gypsies, of course. She must
have served a vampire, one of the wandering Gangrel or
Ravnos — and that lump of crumbling carrion must be the
vampire. Cyprian sneered. He'd heard tell of some vampires
—thin-blooded, rebellious childer — who tried to return to
their mortal families. Supposedly, the Gangrel and Ravnos
stayed with their mortal Gypsy relations.

Gangrel or... Ravnos. He remembered the phantoms and
all-too-real nightmares that had swirled around the girl, and
the illusion-casting power of the Ravnos clan. What was she?

As he walked back to his car and pondered this disturb-
ing question, a berserk vampire attacked him. It could not
speak, only shriek and howl its rage. The incendiary rounds
in his guards' pistols made short work of it.

Well, that explained the deaths. Undoubtedly, one of the
Gypsies' vampire kin had fallen to the Beast and attacked them,
killing the other vampire. That was one loose end tied up, at
least. Now, if only he could find Harriet again. Cyprian saw no
way around it. Whatever the freakish girl was, she had to die. He
instructed one of his ghouls to stay behind and watch for her.

* * *

Dr. Melliot tossed back his shot of whiskey and slurped
at his beer. Thank God he'd persuaded the director to send
him to this convention. The last week made him long for the
good old days of electroshock and lobotomy.

"—and all through the ward, patients babbling about a
cannibal king and wild animals. I swear, every one of the
damn loonies caught it." Melliot's head whipped around
toward the conversation a few seats away along the bar.

"Mine acted up too. They went on and on about a rip in
the world letting in ghosts and demons. Heh, anybody know
if there was a full moon last week?"

Melliot rose and walked to the other psychiatrists. Elabo-
rately casual, he asked, "The wild animals — were they a
tiger, a dragon and some sort of bird?"

The psychiatrists looked back and forth at each other.
Then, they turned to the bar, ordered fresh drinks and

pointedly talked about the bartender's breasts.
* * *

The portly, robed and hooded figure whispered a word
and traced a series of curves on the great iron door, deactivat-
ing the last of the traps. He thrust the key into the lock,
turned it three times, and pushed the door open. Then, he
turned to his six companions.

"So, who wants to tell him?" he said. The six shuffled and
looked at the walls or at their feet.

"Oh, you tell him, Etrius," the woman replied. "We all
know he likes you best."

Etrius squared his shouldersand slowly walked to the massive
stone coffin in the middle of the chamber. He pushed aside the lid
of the master's tomb, then stopped. The other six froze as well.
There, in the chamber 500 feet below the streets of Vienna, they
heard a muffled coughing sound from inside the sepulcher, anda
gout of blood vomited forth, plashing against the ceiling.

Etrius stepped back. "I think he already knows," he
whispered. Together, the seven shut the doors, locked them

and began the long walk back to the surface.
*

* *

Schiavelli allowed himself a moment of quiet pride in
himself and his squad. The symposium had judged the
Bangladesh operation a complete success. The bombs had
destroyedall the problems afflicting south-central Bangladesh.

Investigations would continue as to whether the bombs
themselves had done the trick, or whether the creatures' own.
struggles had done this. In any case, the world was saved for
another day, and the bomb fully vindicated.

The death toll among the masses was regrettable, of
course, with an estimated 1.3 million casualties. Most of
these, the report said, were caused by the vampires and other
beasts rampaging through the region (Schiavelli skipped over
the statistical breakdown of deaths by direct assault, induced
homicidal or suicidal mania, paraphysical contagion or col-
lateral damage). The typhoon caused an estimated 115,600
deaths by purely natural means as it flooded Bangladesh. As
they were designed to do, the bomb airbursts caused serious
property damage and death only in the immediate vicinity of
the blast, while still slaughtering the supernatural creatures
many kilometers distant. Only 60,800 Bangladeshis had died
from the explosions and radiation.

Shielding the masses from knowledge of the battle would
be difficult but not impossible if the group used its resources
efficiently. Fortunately, Bangladesh had poor record-keeping
and communications. The deaths from the typhoon would
conceal the deaths from other causes. Enlightened operatives
would quickly remove all physical evidence of unnatural death
and adjust memories where necessary. Media operatives would
ensure thatnoone in the rest of the world paid much attention.
The cleanup would take no more than a month.

‘Appenonx: Tre Week oF NIGHTMARE

123

Prince Marcus Vitel of Washington, D.C., addressed his
fellows at a rare, secret conclave. "We have laid out all the
evidence available to each of us: the faked weather satellite
photos of the typhoon; the massacred villages in eastern India,
Bangladesh and Burma; the reported exsanguination of the
bodies; the destruction of all the Kindred in Calcutta; and the
madness that led Ravnos throughout the world to attack each
other. I can see only one explanation for these events."

"A Methuselah?" Queen Anne asked.

"Methuselahs wouldn't make the whole clan go mad,"
Francois Villon objected.

"Correct," Vitel said crisply. "If tradition is to be be-
lieved, only one sort of vampire can send its power throughout
the entire world, Just as all the Ravnos, scattered across at
least three continents, have only one thing in common."

"An Antediluvian," Anne said hollowly. "Jesus, Mary
and Joseph, it has to be their founder!"

"But — they must all be extinct," Mustafa of Istanbul
said. "My sire always swore that they were real and ruled usall,
and he never told me the truth about anything."

"There's alwaysa first time," Guilbeau of the Riviera said
with a shrug.

"So they exist. So one woke up. What do we do about it?"
the Prince of Amsterdam asked.

"Do?" Rome laughed. "What do you'do' about the sunrise?"

Vitel slammed his fist against the table. "That's enough,"
he said. "I will not roll over and bare my throat to anyone, not
to Caine himself. Back in the Anarch Revolution, the
Tzimisce and Lasombra supposedly destroyed their
Antediluvians. If they could do it, so can we."

Theprincessatsilently foralongmoment. Villon eyed Vitel.

"Never mind that," Rome finally said. "What do we tell
the other Kindred? ‘This concludes the Elysium. Oh, by the
way, the Antediluvians are real and waking up. First item on
the agenda for the next meeting will be preparing for the end
of the world.' I think not! We'd have a riot!"

"Wesay nothing," Vitel replied. "We tellonly ourprimogen,
otherprinceswe can trustand the justicars. Revealing the truth
toour lessers would only frighten them. What's worse, the news
would make the Sabbat seem more credible.

"We maintain our authority only to the extent that we
are feared," Vitel concluded. "If our childer fear the
Antediluvians more than they fear us, they will cease to obey.
Bid your sheriffs and scourges to crack down harder than
before. We will have order!

"And while we distract the childer with purges, we will
seek ways to kill our progenitors... and build impregnable
shelters for ourselves. If worse comes to worst, we throw our
childer to the Ancients' fangs and hope that satisfies their

Tone oF Tran Bion

124

ww

hunger." Vitel smiled. "I prepared for a nuclear war. Could
Gehenna be worse?"
Ifany of the other princes thoughtso, they found it prudent
not to answer, except for Villon, who whispered, "Again?"
* * *

Ina daze, Harriet wandered the streets. She was aware of
nothing but a terrible sense of desolation. She had seen
bombs, she had seen four suns in the sky — then she'd heard
ascream that went on and on, echoing through her soul. She
felt as if something had broken within her; as if she had lost
something precious without ever knowing what it was, and
she wanted to reclaim it.

She stood before the trailer where her parents dwelled. The
door hung open. She went inside. Her mother lay dead, a bloating
corpse. Her father. .. could that scattering of ash be her father?

Harriet lurched from the trailer. Now she had grief she
could name; it pushed aside the nameless grief and the
memory of the scream. She could recognize the world again.
She recognized that she sat next to another dead body, afresh
one. Vaguely, she remembered seeing him before, in a...
house? Yes, he had held her arms while she had struggled and
raved. His gun lay on the ground nearby. When she had
finished throwing up, Harriet cried. When she finished
crying, she checked the gun. The clip was empty, butshe took
itanyway. Perhapsshe could pawn it for enough money to buy
abusticket to another town. Whoever or whatever killed her
parents, she knew she was not safe in this city anymore. If
nothingelse, the police would want to talk to her, and Harriet
very much did not want to talk to them.

She stared up at the night sky, and her prayer for her
parents froze on her lips. A glittering, red star drew her gaze.
As she watched, it pulsed brighter and brighter

"This is your fault!" she shouted at it. "You did this!" She
knew, with absolute, inexplicable certainty, that the star was

evil and that it would destroy the world.
* *

Chou Li sat waiting for three days and nights where Tieh Ju
had sunk into the ground. When she did not emerge, he bumed
an offering of incense to hersoul and began the long journey back
to China. He had a temple to rebuild. He did not care whether
the new temple would last a thousand years or only a night; the
prospect of building it filled him with purpose enough.

WHAT Happened P

Okay, no more veiled hints and contradictory rumors.
This is the proverbial it: The straight dope, the truth about a
great event in the contemporary World of Darkness.

Storytellers, we've avoided setting a specific date for the
Week of Nightmare to allow you to work it into your chronicles
as you see fit. Those of you wishing to adhere to Vampire's
canonical timeline and setting are encouraged to begin imple-
menting these events immediately —July 1999 —as future game
supplements will certainly take these events into account.

*

GEHENNA BEGINS EARLY

Here's what happened. The Ravnos clan originally came
from India, where it inspired many legends of illusion-casting
demons and deadly trickster-vampires. The Ravnos who came
west with the Gypsies were merely a trickle from this mighty
source — a few poor relations wandering far from home.

India also lies on the fringe of the Cathayan vampires'
sphere of influence. The mysterious Cathayans, who call them-
selves "Kuei-jin," have fought the Ravnos for millennia over the
right to exist at the western edge of the Middle Kingdom.

The Ravnos fared poorly in the last few decades. In
desperation, they took a page from the Sabbat's strategy book
and Embraced veritable armies of childer to hurl against the
invading Cathayans. The survivors often sired large, expend-
able broods of their own.

In the past five years, this process resulted in the Ravnos
siring large numbers of thin-blooded vampires... and, more
importantly, in the Final Deaths of large numbers of Cainites,
thin-blooded and otherwise.

The mere presence of hordes of thin-blooded vampires
meansnothing. The elders who believe they will causeGehenna
are deluded. Large numbers of vampire Final Deaths, however,
does hasten Gehenna. They disturb the sleep of the ancient
Methuselahs and Antediluvians. Thin-blooded vampires die
very easily, as vampires go (yes, the Camarilla princes who
think they can forestall Gehenna by exterminating the Last
Generations are causing the very event they fear).

First, several Ravnos Methuselahs awakened, disturbed
from their cold torpor by the incessant conflicts of the vampires
warring on the surface. This helped the clan: Once the ancient
vampires slaked their thirst (admittedly, on other Ravnos vam-
pires), they made relatively short work of the Indian Kuei-jin.

Then, the Ravnos Antediluvian awoke, smelling the
spilled vitae... of Methuselahs. As vampires age, they must
feed upon increasingly potent blood. First, the blood of
animals no longersustains them. Afterseveral centuries, only
the vitae of other vampires can satisfy their thirst. The true
Antediluvians are more than 10 millennia old. They passed the
"Methuselah's Thirst" stage long ago.

Did the Antediluvian utterly devour its childer and
grandchilder, or did it merely destroy their minds, turning
them into soulless vessels of vitae with no wills of their own? It
doesn't matter — in India, Gehenna began ahead of schedule.

The raging power of an active Antediluvian echoed
around the Earth. Worldwide, psychics, seers and lunatics felt
the Ancient awaken, even though none had any idea what
was truly happening. The Ancient plagued the dreams of
everyone on Earth, twisting them into nightmares — but
some people, living or undead, could notescape by waking up.

Other supernatural powers and principalities noticed as
well and converged on the Antediluvian. They joined battle
in the region where Ravnos India and Cathayan Indochina
meet: the floodplains of Bangladesh.

‘Apmeno: THe Weex oF NicHTMARE

125


‘Thecetthe ole ant mnt powefal Cathayans (known |
to thea Lind a» Behar) stacked the Anteddinisn.
‘One of them created « huicane a Hoh a weapon a 2
eferse The thick clea Hott cathe uli allming
the vameresta tight thecugh te day The Rahat
toed thei pment pen rity to range. ral woe
Aue to mame Weer vamperen This tactic cane 4
Seccnd soem, a npematal crm of olning wore The
{tle echoed dhecughou ll hese words — the wk of
reams prix demos and the deal

‘The welds lage and ont power rouponceren
sho tok part in the hte Thee mages se magick in the
form of technology to geome tha teinsogy and eect
‘nary humane hom the menace ofthe operates. The
‘rend sper scece ented vag a the mon poe
{ol enter in the belt 30 they ted using wlght
aire the Kindred and Kuen, When they could not part
the cou to reflect slight coto the bute the soeerees
Iouhe chew ment power weapons sto the hellorm
rieuton bomb, bat 1 oes a radiation lethal to spe
rttl beings: They worked The bens destroyed ll he
supernatural creature eacet the Asteria tell — bat
‘the bors ana day and night withthe Badhiateas
Ind weakened the Ancient enough that, when the storm
cous parte, the eflecte slight desroyed the ancient
Caine tn filmes of Gas Bis cone

Aut moment, ete Raven che wed wea
ver tothe hace of the Hew the ae Baka of
‘se thor wed hcugh she fien Ancien saeage would
seem thar pope ang se — the Thin Gener ely
‘wanedto Sey 8 teachers chk Raynor acowtbegobe
‘econ ane beng fr xh ctr vie, When the
rue males fed sever le. ery Ras
‘meal retested wel ethyl

re, the Raves wee blac

STORYTELLING
THE Week OF NIGHTMARE

Aorng the American or Eropean day. Fo Europ, the ie
erence three osx hou oe most of North Aimer t
16 more than 10 hou. Ths, mideight in Bangladesh is
‘vere n Erope and atc! may the US.

NionrsOwe anv Two:
‘THe ANTEDILUVIAN Waxes,

Most warp etely feel fy, ano and urtable
Nighrmares toute thew sep. ba they cannot remeber
‘what they dreamed. See, however, all have an ep of
sontanews Inight — with the extra dice on the al to
eterine its socen. They may see Isight shock, What's
snore, the Insight ance does not sop on ts own. To beak

Treeofthe wince be the et the night set charcte mat
‘agenda pant Willpower

As always the see vase ate couched in mteloen
‘They perceive the Rewnos Antdiuvian i the frm of
evan the er-beaded king of the deronic Ral

Morals afer for the same nightmares wt var
Moralperchcsthemental erative chien and iice-
‘ary arcs mac make Willpower tells eficuy 6) to rei
falling into a eaving. nightmare tance like the ee They,
boweve. ee considerably lew (fr mechanical pape
sure that each fected moral hs hee dt light)

Anteblovian, moe ad chin weep though the per
tara weld The ae seectce other mpemanalaces
reedotbedetaled Tho eral Vampire sapleeot
‘Seen contin ove. Mot and many vague con
tie have nghamans Rvs vempins hour?
tothe acest and ree overiowng owe and He
Forthe drato the tet ever Ravan vane
pet thre do of Chen. tha pes a charac
‘Chimera ovr 5,0 be Generational lis te
‘waived the but ition The tie rage and moe,
Iweve makes Raven Chinen anelable dung ht
tie few of the aving Ravoonbebeve that the Ante:
‘Slevin consumed llth mstcapowerfoioelfdgtbe
Senagle Al deus ocured with Chinen shuld
‘ary won he dh ight anywhere between fan! 10
‘the Sryeller athe change ofeach ene
‘Adtuscolly, Ravn vampires ao become very lily
twfrey, Ravn Chance ceive? ificaly thts
10 ret enc dri the tid night and wth Kot the
Ting andthe unending ey, he Stover ha
ample ence or plenty fences Whale  Raenon
ffenien er angnenced Chimeney power donot cst Wil
porerpoins.
Nionrs Four Tunouox Sever:
FW AL DeatHaxDArrensiatie
‘The Antabivina dein the wee hoes the moming,
Bangle ime. In Ee, the tne evening ithe US,
its late moming 0 ery sferooe.
‘Themonentthe Antebovan meets Fal Dest, seers
and other visors snap oot of their tances Rave
‘amices lowe thet added dof Chien
‘AllRamncy awake otalerp antruot cherie beat
the Anteivin'sdeat-scren and felt ge, age
aster Inmadately they fee atcannghunge roma
tow mach Hood they hve thet bas — ange othe
itn of ther Ravn In al efoto purge dhe were

Tattoo

7

roll. Ravnos vampires of 12th to 15th Generations have a
difficulty of 8, whereas eighth- to 11th-generation Ravnos
have a difficulty of 9, and Ravnos of seventh generation or
lower have a difficulty of 10. A Ravnos must make another
hunger-frenzy check whenevershe wakes upat nightor meets
another Ravnos (even if she doesn't recognize the individual
as a clanmate — the Blood calls to her).

This blood bath continues for three nights. If a Ravnos
character can survive these nights, the hunger fades as the
Antediluvian sinks into the mire of legend.

FAcING GEHENNA

Most vampires have no idea what happened during the
Week of Nightmare. They know that nightmares troubled
their sleep for several days, but they cannot remember what
they dreamed about. They might know that seers, lunatics
and various "sensitive" mortals fell into trances to rave about
a mysterious battle (oddly enough, Malkavians were not
especially affected). They might even know that the Ravnos
have all but killed themselves off.

In short, most Kindred know that something big and bad
happened. Many suppose it a foretaste of Gehenna, perhaps
because vampires tend to see any disaster they can't explain
as a portent of Gehenna.

This time, however, the doomsayers are absolutely cor-
rect. The Antediluvians are waking up, they are as powerful
and destructive as legends said they would be, and Gehenna
has begun. With the combined efforts of every potent force in
the World of Darkness only barely able to stem the tide of the
first ripple in this apocalyptic ocean, what will happen when
all the remaining Antediluvians rise in tandem? Indeed, how
many Antediluvians are there? When will Gehenna arrive?

Can anything stop it?

THe Rep STrar

Something new has appeared in the sky of the
World of Darkness, Mere mortals cannotsee it atall. To
supernatural creatures such as vampires or ghouls, it
looks like a red star — fairly bright as stars go, buteasy
to overlook. To beings with at least two dots in Auspex,
however, the Red Star looks very different. It burns as,
brightly as Venus, thus making it hard to miss, andaired
haze or nimbus surrounds it like the halo of a comet.
Kindred who have the Oracle Merit see it this way too;
the Red Star also may appear in Insight visions:

The Red Star has nothing to-do with the Week of
Nightmares directly: Anyone who. can see its halo, how-
ever, instinctively knows that it foretells evil. The Red
Star's hellfire glow rouses other evils from sleep. The
Raynos Antediluvian would have awakened anyway, but
the Red Star woke ita few monthssooner than otherwise.

Se OR STRE aA epee ae 2.

i

‘Appenoix: THe Weex oF NIGHTMARE

127

From: "Justin R. Achilli" - Vampire Developer
To: White Wolf Office

Subject: Erotica Title on Server

Date: Tue, Feb 23, 1999, 10:59 AM

For those interested, I have placed Lucy Taylor's erotica novella, Eternal Hearts, on
the server.

First, this represents a new direction for our company and I thought a "first look"
at some of the new material would interest you.

Second, some of this stuff is _really_ hard-core, and you may want to be aware that
your parents will disown you for working here

As always, this is super-confidential and Steve will kung-fu your throat if you do
the wrong thing with it. I recommend not even printing it out; just look it over on
your monitor at your leisure.

Regards,
Justin

eternal Hearts

chapter one
spires.

spindle-thin. ornately carved church spires rising bigh over ber bead as she fay on
her back being bludgeoned.

that was the first memory thatreturned.

After that. blood, nér blood. so much blood that she couldn't see the spires anymore,
couldnt even see the preternaturalfy beautiful face of the man standing over ber.
watching the otbers who were slaugbtering ber now, relentlessly, artfully, torturousty.

ther altogether. two Women, three men. They took turns al times, at other.
ted to concoct new and Inventive horrors to Db

eternal Hearts — The world's First Black pog Novel.
. written by Bram-stoker-Aaward-winner Lucy Taylor
ifustrated by sobn Bolton
GAME FACTORY- september 1999 ISBN: 1-56504-205-0 stock na: PURLISHING


ly begun to weaken.
Elders' blood e tions, no lon,
holds the pot a d imbraced in the
vamp!

~ players to port

the Final Ni

the first step toward the world's ultimate demise... or salvation,

}
J TOD

Ides

sls for creating 14th- and 1Sth-generation vampires — and
theie chile sins

A wealth of se rs Storytellers to bring the Final
Nights into play

Bev

THE TTASQUE RADE
~
