# File: Tokyo.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A WORLD OF DARKNESS SOURCEBOOK FOR WRAITH: THE OBLIVION...

WOKRLD OF DARKNESS:

° |

BY BRUCE BAUGH AND MARK CENCLYK


CREDITS

Authors: Bruce Baugh and Mark Cenczyk

Developers: Ed Hall with Richard Dansky

Editor: Allison Sturms

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Artists: Guy Davis, Michael Gaydos, Jeff Rebner, Ron
Spencer, Melissa Uran, Conan Venus

Front Cover: John Van Fleet

Back Cover: Melissa Uran

Layout and Typesetting: Jeff Holt

Interns: Summer Mullins, Reid Schmadeka

OY pet 735 Pr Nor Bun
°

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

USA

GAME STUDIO

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights re-
served. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of
reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the
Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the Ascension
and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dream-
ing, Werewolf the Wild West, Trinity, World of Darkness
Tokyo, Kindred of the East, Dark Kingdom of Jade Adven-
tures, Hengeyokai Shapeshifters of the East, Land of Eight
Million Dreams, World of Darkness Demon Hunter X, and
World of Darkness Hong Kong are trademarks of White
Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters,
names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or prod-
uct in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters
and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended forentertainment purposesonly. Reader
discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and
rec.games.frp.storyteller

PRINTED INUSA

SPECIAL THANKS 10:

Tan "Kiths (sic) Unknown" Lemke, for rescuing
the changelings.

Reid "It's Already 10:30?" Schmadeka, for Sun-
day-striving above and beyond the call of duty.

Summer "Stiff Upper Lip/Sharp Uppercut"
Mullins, for not punching me when she got omitted
from the Kindred of the East credits.

Allison "Shouldn't Your Head Be in an Oven
Somewhere?" Sturms, for being evil, yet still
easily amused.

Mark "Shadow Hyphenate" Cenczyk, for being
my gleeful co-conspirator.

Leiko created by Mark Cenczyk.


WORLD OF DARKNESS:

CONTENTS

PRELUDE: "VENGEANCE, MY LOVE"
INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER ONE: TOKYO'S PAST

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED
CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS
CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS

™



Tt would all be over soon.

Inthe upper room, a small nightstand clock began to chime out 11 P.M. From
her vantage point in occupied Tokyo, Leiko watched the timepiece run through
its hourly course. She had been waiting just across the Fabric for the last five hours.
Technically speaking, Leiko had been waiting for this moment ever since she
entered the Jade Kingdom. In the larger sense, five more hours didn't merit a blink.

= wa


But Leiko was so damn close to the end. Every
night she played and replayed the scene in her
mind. The images, though painful, had almost be-
come friends to her. The sound of the police siren.
Leiko and her older brother Gedde tearing off down
that alley. The shrill blast of the policeman's whistle
was right at their backs. A chain-link fence blocked
the alleyway. Leiko remembered Gedde boosting
her up and over the crossbar then whirling around
to face the cop. The last thing her brother said to
her was Run.

Then the man swung a police riot stick and split
open Gedde's skull like a rotten melon.

That was what kept Leiko going all along — the
opportunity for payback. It was the reason she hooked
up with that Renegade ship and its infuriating Rus-
sian captain and crew. Leiko went along with the
gaijin for as long as she could stand it, participating
in surgical strikes inland along the Japanese shore-
line. Eventually, though, the Renegade band outlived
its usefulness.

Leiko's chance came while she was leading fresh
recruits on an inland patrol to search for wandering
souls the Reapers hadn't yet discovered. Leiko was
an old hand at this sort of mission; she and her
brother used to lead the same kind of patrols through
the mountain regions in the time after Gedde him-
self had harvested his sister's soul. But that was long
ago — before the Reapers captured Gedde and, for a
second time, tore apart the only family Leiko had
ever known, took away the only person she had ever
implicitly trusted.

Freeing herself from the Renegades to set out
for Tokyo had been the easy part. She just split up
her patrol, slipped away and never looked back. It
was that simple. The recruits had probably been
captured by Imperial patrols within a day or two.
They wouldn't have made it anyway, Leiko thought.
Ancient history.

Ou, REALLY? she heard the voice say. AND WHO
WERE YOU TO DECIDE THEIR FATE?

I did what I had to do, Leiko replied to the voice.
It was the only chance I had of finishing all of this.

And what will you do when you finish it? Will it
have been worth the effort? Will your rage vanish?

Shut up, Leiko hissed. She had come too far,
expended too much effort, to back out now. This was
for Gedde, she reminded herself. A life for a life.
Perfect balance.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKO

11:15 P.M. What the hell was keeping this bastard?
Leiko had paid Mama Prine a shogun's ransom to find
this cop, who had for so long remained a faceless
silhouette to Leiko. Mama provided Leiko with a
name — Eddie Toshiro — and an address, and Mama
said it was up to Leiko to do what she wanted with the
information. Leiko had been waiting in Toshiro's
apartment all night, and she was prepared to outwait
the Wheel of Ages if necessary. Eddie Toshiro would
return home eventually. Leiko would kill him. She
would make him suffer. And just before he died, Leiko
would look unblinking into this panicky little cop's
eyes and watch all of the life ebb out of his carcass.

And then what?

11:48 P.M. Leiko heard the snicking of a key in
the door. Toshiro had come home. Leiko peered
through the haze and focused her entire attention on
him. He was slightly older than'she anticipated, in
his late 30s. He must have been promoted to detec-
tive because he was wearing a suit and tie and had his
shield clipped to the front of his belt.

Leiko watched Toshiro lock the door behind
him and go into the bedroom. She followed his every
move. He went over to a low-mirrored dresser, where
he unclipped his badge and a belt holster holding a
nickel-plated 9mm. He placed both items on the
dresser and began to undress.

Perfect, Leiko thought. All she had to do was reach
out, grab the gun, point it and shoot. Right in the gut.
Shot with his own gun, in his own bedroom...

No, she thought. He needs to suffer. He needs to
feel the pain I felt.

Does HE?

Yes, dammit, he does.

WILL IT MAKE THINGS RIGHT AGAIN?

Right again? This son of a bitch killed my brother.
He beat Gedde's head in like it was cardboard. It wasn't
right before. There's no "again" to it.

WILL IT BRING GEDDE BACK—

Leiko let out an unholy shriek: "Stop it!" She
caught herself. The voice was trying to make her so
crazy that she'd blow her cover. It wasn't going to
happen. She was going to see this through.

Toshiro emerged from the bathroom wearing a
towel. Leiko had been so preoccupied arguing with
the voice that she hadn't noticed him go into the
bathroom to shower. He went to the dresser and
began to ready himself for bed.

Leiko looked around the room. It was furnished
plainly, but elegantly. A large black lacquered bed
stood in the corner opposite the dressing table. In
another corner sat a credenza with a silver beverage
tray and crystal decanters on it. A small nightstand
stood next to the bed, and a pair of katanas hung
over the headboard.

Doit now, Leiko told herself. Before you get talked
out of it. Get it over with.

She felt her entire Corpus shaking as she stepped
into the reality of the room. She moved to the cre-
denza and grasped one of the heavy decanters. It
didn't budge. Leiko concentrated harder and made a
second grab for it. Nothing. She was growing increas-
ingly frustrated. There he was, right in front of her,
and her hands were useless. Leiko began to shake with
rage, which started to agitate the cluster of decanters
and glasses sitting on the tray. The shaking then filled
the room. Toshiro turned and saw the walls beginning
to buckle: an earthquake. His eyes darted around the
room, then fixed on the exit.

He's GETTING AWAY, Leiko heard the voice say
urgently. She let out a soul-shattering shriek and
snatched up the decanter and flung it at the
policeman's half-naked frame. She missed completely.
Leiko picked up a squat scotch glass, with its sturdy
base, and fired it at Toshiro's head. Not even close.

See? the voice said. YOU CAN'T KILL HIM BECAUSE
YOU KNOW IT'S NOT WORTH IT. IT WON'T FIX ANYTHING...

Yes, it will. It has to. Toshiro dove for cover as
another decanter whizzed past his right ear. It hit the
dresser mirror and exploded into a shower of silver
and crystal fragments.

Don'T YOU SEE? YOUR INDECISION HAS THE BETTER OF
YOU. YOU CAN'T EVEN HIT YOUR TARGET. WHAT IF YOU KILL
HIM? WILL IT STOP THERE? WILL YOUR HATE BE SATED?

Leiko flung herself at the wall over the bed and
wrenched free one of the katanas there. The force of
her rage twisted the bolts that had kept the sword
fastened in place. She tore the blade from its sheath
and dove toward Toshiro's body, but she was so pent-
up with fury that she couldn't control the weapon.
Toshiro dodged the other way and Leiko embedded the
katana's point into the wall. She pulled it from the
plaster and stood there, funneling her entire preter-
natural essence into the sword. Leiko then lunged at
Toshiro again and stabbed him in the leg above the
right kneecap. He screamed in pain, stumbled and fell
to the floor. He cut himself nastily on the fragments of
mirrored glass that littered the room.

Leiko stood over his prone body, the sword hov-
ering ominously in midair. Go AHEAD, the voice said,
Do IT. REVENGE YOUR BROTHER.

For an instant, Leiko smiled to herself at beating
down the voice. In one quick movement, the blade
swept downward and entered Eddie Toshiro's stom-
ach and punched through the back of his ribcage.

Toshiro curled into a fetal position and clutched
reflexively at the katana protruding from his body.
Leiko saw the blood welling up in his mouth as he
tried to remove it from his midriff. He yanked fu-
tilely at the blade for a few seconds more, and then
stopped moving altogether, the crimson of his life
spreading over the glass-flecked carpet.

"For you, Gedde," Leiko heard herself say.

For Geppe? the voice asked:

Yes, Leiko responded, almost too quickly. It's
done. I did it. I told you it had td be done, and I did it.

AND NOW WHAT WILL YOU DO? said the voice.
WHERE WILL YOU GO? YOU HAVE NO ONE TO TURN TO.
YOU HAVE NO CAUSE TO FIGHT FOR. YOUR ENTIRE EXIST-
ENCE HAS BEEN DIRECTED TOWARD THIS MOMENT. AND
NOW THE MOMENT HAS COME AND GONE.

Dammit, shut up, Leiko said. You will not take this
moment from me.

YOU TOOK IT FROM YOURSELF. YOU HAVE SACRIFICED
EVERY OTHER PART OF YOURSELF TO SETTLE A SCORE. YOU
HAVE ABANDONED INNOCENT SOULS IN PURSUIT OF THIS
MOMENT. AND NOW YOU HAVE NOTHING. ONLY A CORPSE
IS YOUR REWARD.

Shut up—

YOU HAVE JOINED THE FOLD.

Leiko stared at the lifeless form of Eddie Toshiro.
She felt inexpressibly drained, as if all of her soul
had been spent on this one encounter. Leiko felt her
control over the voice evaporating away. Suddenly
the roiling grayness of the Fabric began to envelop
her form. Leiko felt herself being pulled back into
the memory that was Tokyo in the Jade Empire. She
raised her face toward the ceiling and screamed loud
enough to shatter all of the glass in every room of the
apartment. Leiko began to twist and shake and yell
in a violent paroxysm of rage and fear. She slipped
downward into the abyss. Leiko struggled for as long
as she could, but the force of the vortex tugging at
her frame was far too strong...

And then she vanished.

GHOST STORY: VENGEANCE, MY LOVE



Although this book isn't my first project as a developer,
it is the first book I'm developing for Wraith. Taking over
creative responsibility for the game from Richard Dansky was
daunting but irresistible because of the extraordinarily dense
world-within-the-World-of-Darkness that he brought, ironi-
cally, to life. My feeling is that Rich (along with his many
predecessors and collaborators) made the realm of the Rest-
less Dead the smartest and most wonderfully detailed
imaginary world in gaming. My hope is that what my own
collaborators and I contribute to the world of Wraith with
this book is consistent with those high standards. And if it's
not, it's no one's fault but my own.

World of Darkness: Tokyo isn't just a Wraith book.
Like any other volume bearing the "World of Darkness"
surtitle, this one deals with characters and situations from all
the game lines that share the gothic punk setting. Thus,
you'll find changelings, Kindred, Kuei-jin, mages and

shapeshifters alongside the wraiths here, and you'll also find
material for campaigns involving any of the aforementioned
groups alone or for crossover campaigns. As is true of any
White Wolf Storyteller game, feel free to use what's here as
you find it or to alter it as you see fit. At the heart of the
Storyteller system is the idea of making the stories you create
in the course of gaming your own.

Beyond its Wraith connections and its treatment of the
other World of Darkness games, this book also concerns
Japan, another plus for me given my longtime interest in that
nation and its culture. I assume full responsibility for any
misrepresentations of Japan, its history or its language that
may appear in these pages. My goal was to evoke the real
Tokyo as much as possible in describing this book's fictional
Middle Kingdom Tokyo. Judging how well that goal has been
met is now, literally, in your hands.

Here's hoping you enjoy the tour.


HOW 10 USETHIS BOOK

Chapter One: Tokyo's Past discusses the history of the
city, supernatural and otherwise.

Chapter Two: The City Dissected examines modern
Tokyo's physical features and what unfolds behind the
scenes here.

Chapter Three: The Secret Players identifies some
of the movers and shakers in Middle Kingdom Japan's
capital city.

Chapter Four: Weaving Unseen Webs offers several
plots in both senses of the word — clandestine schemes that
can also serve as engines to set chronicles in motion.

ON DATE NOTATIONS

f Note that this book refers throughout to Asian
vampires by the modern term "Kuei-jin," even
though the word is strictly modern. This usage is
merely for clarity.

= ———— eet —

LEXICON

Akuma — Demon; also, Kuei-jin that serve the
Yama Kings.

Banality — Mortal disbelief that has deadly effects on
changelings and their magic.

Chi'n Ta (or shinta) — Eastern Mages.

Chu-ih-yu — Kamuii attuned to the metal element.

Daityas — Hsien who have turned away from the Au-
gust Personage of Jade, but who have not surrendered to the
Yama Kings.

Dreaming, the —The collective dreams of all humanity.

Effigy — An Inanimae kith from the automaton city
Capecia, a realm in the Dreaming; equivalent to "mannikin"
in the West.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

Gaijin — Stranger; foreigner.

Glamour — The living force of the Dreaming; change-
ling magic.

Gumi — An extended Yakuza gang; a "family."

Hakken — Wolf-changer hengeyokai; a member of the
Shadow Lord tribe.

Hengeyokai — Eastern Shapeshifters; the Changing
Breeds of Asia.

House Bishamon — A powerful traditionalist uji.

House Genji — A powerful progressivist uji.

Hirayanu — Animalistic "commoner" hsien.

Hsien — Eastern changelings; more appropriately, spir-
its living in human bodies.

Immortal Guard, the — Powerful wraithly servitors of
the Jade Emperor.

Kamuii — Nobles of the hsien.

Kithain — A self-referential term for changelings.

Kitsune — Fox-changer hengeyokai.

Kumo — Goblin Spiders; Werespider servants of the
Yama Kings.

Kura Sau — Hsien who serve the Yama Kings.

Nezumi — Rat-changer hengeyokai; a Ratkin.

Ronin — Masterless one.

Same-Bito — Shark-changer hengeyokai; a Rokea.

Senryo — The Japanese term for the Jade Empire's
Shadowlands occupation.

Seppuku — Ritual suicide.

Shen — A blanket term for all Asian supernatural and
Awakened creatures.

Shinma — Hsien who still follow the August Personage
of Jade; Eastern term for Kithain.

Shogitai — Samurai who remain loyal to the previ-
ous shogun.

Uji — Territorial Kuei-jin families that control
entire provinces.

Wani — The true form of a hsien, often awesome
and terrible.

Yakuza — The Japanese mob; generally more tol-
erated and socially integrated than its Western
counterpart, the Cosa Nostra. Also, an individual mem-
ber of this organization.

Yama Kings — Powerful demons; Eastern counterparts
to Banes and Malfeans.

Yomi World — The hellish home realm of the
Yama Kings.

Yugen — Undifferentiated Chi.

Zaibatsu, the — The Japanese arm of the Technocracy.

SUGGESTED RESOURCES

Both Storytellers and players may find the following
works useful in creating Tokyo chronicles. This list is by no
means complete, but the included materials may help to
evoke the otherness of Japan.

BOOKS

* Card, Orson Scott and Ferrell, Keith, editors, Black
Mist And Other Japanese Futures — Five novellas that envi-
sionarange of science-fictional possibilities. Great inspiration
for technomancer chronicles.

© Clavell, James, Shogun and Gai-jin — The history in
these novels is, at best, inaccurate, but the books are handy
resources on cultural differences and East-West conflict.
Shogun is also available as a television miniseries for folks
who don't want to plow through a 1,200-page epic.

© Kurosawa, Akira, Something Like an Autobiography —
The great director's "life story" offers, among other things,
marvelous insights into a Meiji-era household.

* Mishima, Yukio, Spring Snow — One of the best novels
by this acclaimed author. It examines the culture and con-
flicting ideas of the pre-W.W.II Japanese populace (and
includes a really sappy romance).

* Murakami, Haruki, The Elephant Vanishes — A collec-
tion of surrealistic short fictions by one of Japan's boldest
modern writers. The tale called "The Little Green Monster"
could take place in the Dreaming.

Pyle, Kenneth, The Making of Modern Japan — A
concise, detailed history of Japan from the 1600s to
the present.

¢ Saga, Dr. Junichi, Confessions of a Yakuza — The
memoirs of a Japanese mobster. This book offers a first-
hand account of life in the Yakuza, the notorious
criminal organization.

© Tyler, Royall, editor, Japanese Tales — Originally
published as part of the Pantheon Fairy Tale and Folklore
library, this book contains 220 stories of gods, demons and
fools from five centuries of Japanese literature.

MOVIES

© Mishima (1985) — Paul Schrader's often delirious
biopic about the author Yukio Mishima. The film's Philip
Glass score is superior and stirring.

© Mr. Baseball (1992) — An unlikely recommenda-
tion for World of Darkness reference, this movie
nevertheless illuminates the experiences of Westerners
confronting Japanese xenophobia.

© Pillow Book (1997) Misanthropy and proximate eroti-
cism, with body calligraphy, from director Peter Greenaway.

© Ran (1985); Seven Samurai (1954) — A pair of
Akira Kurosawa films that outstandingly depict samurai
and their culture.

© Stray Dog (1949) — A Kurosawa policier in which a
Tokyo cop loses his gun to a criminal, then seeks to
retrieve it.

INTRODUCTION



CIVILIZATIONS DAWN

THETEMPLEERA

Archeological findings on the Kanto Plain suggest that
the area marked off by present-day Tokyo was inhabited by
hunter-gatherer populations at least as far back as 2000
B.C.E. Remains of shell mounds (ancient burial sites)
contain the first primitive records of these lost cultures;
other digs have unearthed remnants of the Yayoi culture, a
civilization that endured between approximately 300 B.C.E.
and 300 C.E. Supernaturals flourished among these early
peoples, some by posing as demigods and others through
more and less subtle existences.

In628C.E., two fishermen brothers trawling the Sumida
Rivernettedasmall statuette to the Buddhist goddess Kannon.
They presented the figurine to their lord, the nobleman Haji
no Nakamoto, who kept it in his home for personal worship.
Two decades later, worshipers constructed a temple in honor
of Kannon, and a copy of the statuette was placed in the
central position of the shrine (the original piece remaining
hidden). This temple, known as Sensoji, or the Asakusa

Kannon Temple, was the first religious shrine erected in
what would later become Tokyo. Many scholars consider it
to be the first of the city's permanent buildings, and it
survives to the present day.

In 646 C.E., a new regional administrative system was
put in place in an effort to halt sporadic warring among the
different clans of ancient Japan. This new system defined
Musashi Province, which encompassed the site of modern
Tokyo. The unifying effort led to the construction of other
temples over the next few centuries. In 733 C.E., the Jindaiji
Temple was established in Chofu City, a smaller part of
Tokyo, and was followed by the Kokubunji Temple, which
was the first provincial temple under the new arrangements.

STIRRINGS

Chieftains established themselves among the popula-
tion of the region and divided the land into their own
personal domains during the next few centuries. These
sections of territory, called shoen by the chieftains (after the
name given to land parcels donated by the emperor to high
Imperial officials), sat on high promontories in the region
and were heavily fortified as a matter of course.


These chieftains were notoriously recalcitrant with
regard to the central authority of the emperor. Their first
rebellion occurred in 939 C.E. under the leadership of a
warrior named Taira no Masakado. This warrior broke
away from the emperor's court and attempted to found an
autonomous state on the Kanto Plain. During a battle
against an expeditionary force that was sent by the
emperor to quell the rebellion, Masakado was beheaded.
Itis said that his head, once separated from his shoulders,
flew into the air and landed in what would later become
central Edo, the old name for Tokyo. A monument
known as the kubizuka stands at the spot where his head
supposedly landed.

Such object lessons did not dampen the indepen-
dent spirit of many regional chieftains, or even that of
members of the emperor's inner circle. During the
Kamakura Dynasty, Shogun Yoritomo freed himself
from the aegis of the Imperial Court because he re-
garded the courtier lifestyle as decadent and frivolous.
He set up an austere, military-like regime on the Kanto
Plain in 1192 C.E., and he based it on the precepts of
the traditional warriors' codes of honor and behavior.
One of his vassals was Edo Shiro Shigetsugu, whose own
installation is said to have been located on a mound
close to the sea. Some say that Edo, the old name for
Tokyo, came from this person.

THE RISE OF EDO

The region known as Edo remained inconspicuous for the
next few centuries. It rose to prominence in the 15th century
under the Ashikaga shogunate. In 1457, the warrior leader Ota
Dokan chose a location near the little village to build a
fortification, which sat overlooking what is now Tokyo Bay.
Knownas Edo Castle, it was not especially outstanding among
all of the other castles popping up throughout Japan at the
time. Dokan died in 1486, and the castle deteriorated for
almost a century, as a succession of eminently forgettable
warlords and occupation forces captured the edifice.

Portuguese traders arriving in Japan in 1543 found the
island fragmented into numerous feudal baronies, each led by
a daimyo, or military lord. One of the most powerful of these
lords, Oda Nobunaga, had already become strong enough to
depose the Ashikaga shogun and murder a contingent of
powerful Buddhist monks near Kyoto. He courted the for-
eigners and their Christian faith in an effort to expand his
own influence even further at the expense of Buddhist lords.
Nobunaga had succeeded in uniting much of central Japan
before he was cut down by the hand of an assassin in 1581.

In 1590, the warlord Toyotomi Hideyoshi, Nobunaga's
successor, captured Edo and its surroundings and turned
them over to his chief lieutenant, Tokugawa Ieyasu. Ieyasu
designated Edo as his capital city, using it as headquarters for

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

the expansion of his power base over larger sections of
territory throughout Japan. In October of 1600, Ieyasu led
over 100,000 troops to victory at the Battle of Sekigahara,
which is considered to be the seminal battle in Japanese
history between the daimyo from western Japan (led by
Hideyoshi's heir), and those from the eastern part of the
island (led by Ieyasu). leyasusoon proclaimed himself Shogun.
and quickly consolidated his power and spoils with Edo as the
centerpiece. Edo Castle was rebuilt and generously expanded,
and the once-quaint fishing village soon became the largest
and most powerful city in the country.

leyasu's triumph had not gone unforeseen. During the
half-decade immediately preceding the Battle of Sekigahara,
Bone Flower Kuei-jin found more and more signs pointing to
Tokugawa victory. The wji, abiding by their advice, moved
closer to Ieyasu and offered support and alliance.

The daimyo who joined the Tokugawa cause before
Sekigahara earned the classification of fudai, "inside." They
included disproportionate numbers of Yin-influenced Kuei-
jin who insinuated themselves close to power and contributed
to the calculating and rationalistic nature of Tokugawa gover-
nance. As the shogunate weakened and Kuei-jin in power
came to take their position for granted, the Devil-Tigers and
Thrashing Dragons gained prominence by seizing for them-
selves what had not been granted them or their ancestors.

To cement his newly acquired authority, Ieyasu initi-
ated an informal policy, sankin kotai, which required all
territorial lords to reside in Edo every other year or half-year.
It was an arduous experience for the daimyo. Wives and
children dwelled permanently within the Edo city walls in
residential estates, while their lords traveled frequently from
Edo to their respective holdings throughout the year, taking
long processions of retainers, vassals and servants in tow
along the shogunate-controlled highways. The cost was
nearly prohibitive, usually claiming almost 80 percent of a
daimyo's income. Nevertheless, the policy remained in force
until 1862 and controlled over more than 260 daimyo under
the shogunate's umbrella.

In real terms, sankin kotai meant a daimyo left his family
as hostages in the Imperial city. Also, the travel enforced by
the policy led toa massive boom in the development of roads
and canals. Population centers sprang up to provide services
to the entourages. Within decades, sankin kotai transformed
the face of Japan, though its primary goal was simply to keep
potentially rebellious daimyo spending money on things
other than private armies.

Sankin kotai struck the hengeyokai hard; much wilder-
ness fell to encroaching civilization. Breeds dependent on
open ranges lost population very rapidly. The Hakken shrank
numerically but made better use of the rapidly changing
human environment. They secured positions of influence
among the tozama, who were the "outside" daimyo who
supported the Tokugawa later, or not at all. The Kitsune and
Tengu carried on as always by exploiting and enjoying
human folly.

EDO UNDER THE TOKUGAWA SHOGUNATE

Edo underwent a remarkable physical transformation
during the Tokugawa shogunate: Ieyasu initiated a massive
rebuilding of the city and its environs, and he bolstered the
castle's defenses through a series of concentric moats that
spread outward from Edo Castle itself. Ieyasu also effectively
rezoned the entire social geography of the city by delineating
specific sections of the city for residence by certain social
classes. The shogun and his family resided in the innermost
circle, surrounded by the fortifications of important daimyo.

In order to bring the common folk in line with his plan,
Ieyasu leveled Kanda Mountain and filled in the marshes
near Tokyo Bay. The shogun employed massive numbers of
construction workers, laborers and suppliers of consumer
goods in the process, which set in motion two mainstays of
modern Tokyo urban life: a massive population influx and a
bustling commercial network. Increasing numbers of mer-
chants and artisans made their homes in the shitamachi, low,
man-made flatlands at the mouth of the Sumida River,
which flows into Tokyo Bay. Foreshadowing the population
density of the present day, the shitamachi was an extremely
cramped area that comprised a myriad of separate residential,
commercial and amusement quarters connected by aseries of
heavily trafficked waterways and canals.

To the Tokugawa administration, only two kinds of
people mattered: peasants and samurai. Peasants paid taxes
and grew food to support samurai. City-dwellers didn't count.
The shoguns occasionally regulated how citizens dressed and
behaved, but rulers made no serious effort to control or
extract support from the emerging urban environment. Sev-
eral kinds of shen prospered in this administrative blind spot.
The White Chrysanthemum Court of wolf-changers dates
from this era. Its werewolves fought encroachment by the
Kumo Goblin Spiders under the cover of night, sometimes
alone, sometimes alongside the urban Genji vampires. Wise
Edoites knew to ignore the inhuman noises that sometimes
arose outside their windows.

THE FLOWERS OF EDO

The overabundance of wooden materials used in the
reconstruction and expansion of Edo left many parts of the
city susceptible to fires, particularly the poor sections. Fires
became the bane of the city under the Tokugawa shogunate;
records indicate that as many as 1,800 fires occurred in the
city during the (roughly) 250 years of shogunate rule.

The fires came at the beginning of the Tokugawa period.
They happened mostly in and around the shitamachi. A
combination of dense wooden buildings, straw roofs and a
nonexistent municipal firefighting force led to some of the
worst conflagrations in the city's history. In 1657, the Meireki
Fire swept through the entire city in two days. Even Edo
Castle burned. The fire claimed over 100,000 lives. The next
year, a permanent firefighting force went to work protecting

CHAPTER ONE: TOKYO'S PAST


a>,

A

the city, and new regulations restricted those specific con-
struction and zoning practices that had allowed the fire to
spread to such a destructive degree.

But such measures did not eradicate the problem. So
common were fires in Edo that an entire vernacular evolved
around their occurrences. The most common phrase was Edo
no hana: the "flowers of Edo." Another word meaning "flower-
fires," hanabi, exists in modern Japanese parlance as the term
for fireworks.

THESHOGUNS AFTER IEYASU

The descendants of Ieyasu wavered in temperament
from authoritarian to eccentric. Tokugawa Iemitsu, the
grandson of Ieyasu and third shogun, was an exceptionally
harsh ruler who demanded that absurd amounts of respect
and deference be shown by his subjects (he also exhibited a
salacious desire for personal pleasure from women). It was
Iemitsu who codified the heretofore unwritten principle of
sankin kotai. He also established a brace of "inspectors gen-
eral" called ometsuke, whose duty was to conduct surveillance
over potentially troublesome groups within the city, such as
certain less-than-totally-deferential daimyo, small enclaves
of Christians and other subordinate groups.

Tsunayoshi, the fifth shogun, was the polar opposite of
Iemitsu. Having presided over a revolution in culture and the
arts, Tsunayoshi is widely viewed as a weak and uninspiring
tuler. His legacy to the history of Tokyo is the promulgation
of a series of bizarre codes called "Edicts on Compassion for
Living Things." These statutes were basically animal-rights
laws that banned activities such as falconry and all forms of
hunting. Tsunayoshi soon expanded these laws into the
realm of the near-crackpot. Reflecting their author's obses-
sion with dogs and the welfare of these animals, the edicts
made it a capital offense to harm any dog and insisted that
canines be allowed free range within the city, be fed by the
citizenry, and even be addressed in honorific terms. Abol-
ished in 1709, these laws made Tsunayoshi known asinu kubo
— the "dog shogun."

THE 16TH CENTURY

Edo had expanded to 1500 districts by the start of the
18th century. Country folk swarmed into Edo at a constant
pace to swap their hoes for work as artisans, carpenters and
litter-bearers. Trade grew at a rapid pace, which allowed
the sons of peasants in and around Edo to apprentice
themselves to firms within the city. The appearance of
associations (rough guilds) helped to organize these ap-
prenticeship systems, and many firms expanded to other
parts of the city and to neighboring villages. The rich
invested in conspicuous consumption such as houses, silk,
porcelain and other baubles. Theaters, gambling houses,
restaurants and franchise stores prospered.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

1
CHRISTIANS AND OTHER ALIENS

In contrast with carlier times, serious interest in

wus matters waned during most of the Tokugawa
era. The spiritual fire kindled by the arrival of Buddhism
inthe seventh century died down, and that faith became
one more clement in the thick religious stew that is
Japanese popular belief. There was never a shortage of
Jevout monks and inspired preachers, but fewer and

fewer of their neighbors paid them close attention
the ¢
y tales of the wonders of Japan, saw

sailors, 14

riled to Japan, where these mage

Members « ibal of Pure Thought, listen
ing to 1 7th-«c
pPportunity

Gabriclites

there. Disguised as Dutch
pread

umed the:
)

outinto the countryside and a:
For

their genuine native disciples endeavored to preach

rance

4 natives via Life magick 200 years, they and

the Christian way
The project appears to have produced few re

including Honda Toshiaki,

AS

sults, though reforme

wuthor of the 1798 book cret Plan of Government,

may have been influenced by the Gabrielites. Honda
argued that Christiani
1

ould be adopted or im

Various sorts sometimes enjoyed fad.

s part of a program of modernization
monotheism

dish

came of it in the end.

pularity with various daimyo, bur nothin

Concerned by the decline in popular religious

sentiment, Tokugawa leyasu and his heirs made

everal attempts to push Confucianism as a new state

religion. Lt is eminently suitable for the purpose, as

the religion emphasizes the necessity of everyone's

remaining in his proper place within the hierarchy,

nd it teaches the virtues of submission and obedi

ence, Fujiwara Seika and Hayashi Razan establishe
ischool of Confucianism at Edo and provided a
to leyasu. In 1¢

Japan, The Compreher

ice
the definitive official history of

Mirror
emerged from this university
and hi called little

me Confucian points such as

of Our Coun
Naturally, Fujiwara
lisciples attention to troubk
the concept of
ous rebellion

While no great popular adherence emerged, the

effort was vitally important to Kuei-jin. Taking ad
vantage of Tokugawa interest in receiving Chines
cholars, members of the Jade and Blood Courts poured
_ into Japan. From about 1610 until around 1710,

Chinese Kuei-jin fought a bloody war against vam:

pires that they saw as disloyal separatists. Finally, sheer

he tide, and th

weightof numbers turt

last hope of retaining Japan ended in failure


THE4T RONIN

The beginning of the 18th century brought with it one
of the most famous events in the city's history. The 47 Ronin
Incident, as it is known, has been immortalized in plays,
books, artwork and film. It was one of the defining moments
in the history of shogunate and samurai culture for all Japan.

In 1701, the daimyo of the Ako province, Asano
Naganori, traveled with his entourage to pay respects to the
emperor in Edo Castle, as required under the principle of
sankin kotai. However, while in the castle, Asano was in-
sulted by one of the shogunate's officials, a man named Kira,
whose dandyish demeanor was not very popular at court. At
first Asano held his tongue and said nothing, waiting for Kira
to desist. But as the attendant grew more and more insulting,
Asano finally drew his sword and struck Kira lightly about
the head with the flat of his blade.

Yet, Asano had committed a capital offense by drawing
his sword within the walls of Edo Castle. He was immediately
arrested, stripped of his noble rank and executed by being
forced to commit ritual suicide. His samurai, of whom there
were several hundred, dispersed, becoming ronin or masterless.

Forty-seven of these ronin, however, were determined
to avenge their lord's death. Keeping their plans secret for
nearly two years, 46 of the 47 ronin attacked the home of
Kira on a snowswept night in December of 1702. They
infiltrated the house, made straight for the bedroom and
took Kira's head. The ronin brought the head to Asano's
tomb in the Sengakuji Temple and presented it as an
offering of their fealty to their dead lord. They immediately
handed themselves over to the authorities, who were ex-
tremely reluctant to condemn the ronin to death at such an
outpouring of loyalty.

But the law stood. In March 1703, the 46 samurai who'd
participated were forced to commit suicide as their master
had done. Alll did so without hesitation. Their bodies were
buried with their daimyo and his wife at the temple at
Sengakuji. In Japanese history and culture, the actions of all
47 ronin have become legend, and the tombs at Sengakuji are
today a place of pilgrimage. A national holiday commemo-
rates the courage and loyalty displayed by these warriors.

Few ever wonder about the fate of the 47th ronin, the
one who didn't take his own life alongside his comrades. The
Jade Empire's Restless Dead, of course, know the truth about
him and can be convinced to share their knowledge.

THE CENTURY OF SCREAMING EARTH

Natural disasters became commonplace in Edo during
the 1700s. An earthquake ravaged the city in 1703, which
brought on the outbreak of fires and killed over 30,000
people. Floods followed in 1704, and on their heels came
epidemics of measles, cholera and plague.

On December 16, 1707, Mount Fuji erupted. It contin-
ued todoso until January 1708, and although Edo was distant
enough from the mountain not to become a new Pompeii,

CHAPTER ONE: TOKYO'S PAST

the resulting smoke and ash blackened the sky and rained
white soot on the city for weeks. The earth began to shake
again, and many feared another quake was imminent. Edo
shut down, as people expected their lives to end at any
moment. Many blamed Shogun Tsunayoshi's poor adminis-
tration and bankrupt treasury for the disasters, which certainly
appeared to be signs of the gods' displeasure with Edo's ruler.
When Tsunayoshi was stabbed to death by the wife of his
prime minister in 1709, the people (who were told the
shogun had died of smallpox) welcomed his inauspicious
demise with a feeling of relief. But the gods, it seemed, were
not so easily appeased: A major fire in the Nihonbashi
section of the city destroyed over 140,000 homes in 1721.

SHOGUN YOSHIMUNE

Yoshimune, the eighth shogun of the Tokugawa clan,
ascended to the position in 1716. He was determined to right
the financial mistakes made by his predecessors, and in doing
so, he passed several striking reforms. In one of his most
renowned deeds, Yoshimune ordered the 50 most beautiful
women in the shogunate court to appear before him, and
then he relieved the assembled courtesans of their duties.
The shogun observed that since they could find husbands
easily, the shogunate no longer needed to support them.

In addition to courtesan "downsizing," Yoshimune en-
acted other sweeping reforms during his reign. He promoted
martial arts and reintroduced falconry among the samurai as
means of keeping his warriors in top physical shape.
Yoshimune introduced a written judicial code, an astro-
nomical observatory, a botanical garden andacharity hospital
to Edo. Outside Edo Castle, he also added a system of
suggestion boxes, called meyasubako, in which citizens could
leave comments or complaints about the running of the city.
Yoshimune is said to have carried the only key to these boxes
and to have sat up into the wee hours of the morning poring
over their contents.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

THETOMORROW GARDEN
By thelate 1700s, it wasclearto manythatthe Tokugawa

"were in trouble. Intemnal disorder and dissent grew steadily.

- Across Japan, visionaries saw both need and opportunity for
fresh approaches to the problems of the day.

_ The Meiji Restoration's intellectual roots lie in this
era. Meanwhile, shen performed social experiments. Sev-

eral kamuiéjoined together to form the Dreaming Futures ©

League and embarked on the grandest
the Asita Niwa, or Tomorrow Garden.

In one of the countless valleys of the Kanto Moun-
tains, the League built customized realms of both Yin and
Yang Dreaming. The kamuit used powerful artifacts and
delved into realms normally left to the Kithain, among
whom there remains speculation about how exactly the
Easterners managed to reach so far into the Dreaming.
(Western changelings who know the garden's origins and
who encounter its creators always ask about this mystery.
None has yet received a firm answer.) Over decades, the
League carefully gathered dreams from Japanese of every

| class and district and pooled them into a collective image

of Japan-as-imagined. In the 1820s, the experimenters
took their model and copied it, again and again, through
unused sections of Dreaming or places whose inhabitants
the League drove out.

Then the actual project began. Each copy received special
"pruning" to favor outcomes and to suppress others. With
appropriate pushes, the garden made from echoes of Japan
became a garden filled with visions of Japanese futures — what
might happen if this or that trend continued or ceased.

To the League's horror and surprise, none of the futures
it cultivated proved to be acceptable — from the one in
whichall Middle Kingdom supernaturals were displaced by
their Western counterparts, to the one in which Japan
tuled Asia with steely, Technocratic precision. Not one
of the reconciliation of Heaven and
Earth that the fae sought. The League believed it could
change the details of collapse and dissolution by enacting in
the material world the alterations it had made in dreams.
Nothing they could think to try would forestall the Sixth
Age, however.

The League dissolved in 1867. It failed utterly to finda
course of action that its members thought worth taking.
Seeing no hope, the kamudi architects of the Asita Niwa
withdrew forever into the Yin and Yang Worlds to seek in
realms of imagination what material existence could no
longerprovide them. The Tomorrow Garden fell intoneglect.

The failure of the League's ‘experiment Casta perma-
nent pall on kamuii efforts at divining the future. Partly from
fear of what they might learn and partly from concem that
the very act of divination clouds the truths they seek, nohsien
have since embarked on.any venture of a similar scale.


THE OPENING OF JAPAN

By the 19th century, Edo had undergone a watershed
maturation; ithad grown froma tiny fishing outpost at the mouth
ofthe Sumida River to the largest and most intricate city in Japan.
Despite this growth, Japan itself had been closed off to foreigners
since 1639. There were a few representatives of Western nations
on the island — some Portuguese, and later, several Dutch and
English merchant companies moved through the cramped com-
mercial areas of the shitamachi, and there were outpostsof Christian
missionaries. Japan locked itself in a state of self-isolation, while
Edo grew to an impressive size on the island.

It was all to change in an instant.

On July 8, 1853, the inhabitants of the shitamachi areas
of Uraga port in Edo Bay saw the appearance ofa fleet of kuroi
fune, or "black ships" — the general phrase used in Edo for
foreign vessels . It was obviously not the first time such ships
had been spotted. Earlier in the century, the people had seen
the arrival of such lone traders as the Mercator in 1845, the
Columbus in 1846 and the Preble in 1849.

These ships, however, differed from their predecessors:
two massive steam frigates and two fighting corvettes from
the United States Navy. Their sizes, shapes and unmistak-
able power filled the residents of Uraga with anxiety. The
ships seemed almost demonic, cutting through the waters of
Edo Bay and belching smoke like the Mount Fuji of old.

After the ships dropped anchor, a hailing boat set out toward
shore. There, an interpreter announced that Commodore Mat-
thew Calbraith Perry of the U.S. Navy had come bearing a letter
tothe shogun on behalfof the President of the United States. The
announcement threw the entire country into a state of height-
ened anticipation. News of the black ships' arrival was quickly
exaggerated, until the figures of 100 ships and over 100,000 men
were soon circulated. The shogun ordered all of his daimyo to
prepare for war before he made any definite decision about the fate
of the Americans. Meanwhile, people from villages all along the
coast sped to the hills overlooking Edo Bay in the hopes of
glimpsing the great black ships that sat in the harbor.

The shogun agreed to receive Commodore Perry, who came
ashore on July 14 with an escort of 300 armed sailors. He delivered
a letter from President Millard Fillmore and said that he would
return ina year's time for a reply. With that, Perry returned to his
ships, which saluted Japan off the coast and sailed away.

The contents of the letter caused great consternation
among the ministers in Edo. Perry was sent to arrange a treaty
that would open trade between Japan and the U.S., provide coal
purchases for American warships and guarantee the safety ofany
shipwrecked Americansailors within Japan. Opinion wasdeeply
divided among the ministers, but one man named Katsu Kaishu
pointed out that men who could build such great ships could not
possibly be barbarians, and as the Americans wished to deal on
a level footing with Japan, Japan had to reciprocate.

CHAPTER ONE: TOKYO'S PAST


"REVERE THE EMPEROR"

Not everyone agreed with Katsu. The ronin wanted war
with the Americans, mostly as a ploy to increase their own
social positions. Merchants wondered how trade would affect
the prices of their goods, and the women of Edo gossiped about
the appearance of Perry and his men in the streets. The
younger generation of Imperial advisors at the emperor's court
liked the potential of normal international relations with
other countries, as opposed to the insignificant number of
foreign mercantile representatives living within their borders.

Other countries did not wait for the reply. English,
Russian and French ships began to dock along the coast and
in Edo Bay with increasing regularity — all wanting to
conclude their own treaties with the island nation. It did not
sit well with many Japanese, who proposed steadfast isolation
under the rallying cry Sonno joi— Revere the emperor, expel
the barbarians.

On February 11, 1854, Commodore Perry returned with
nine kuroi fune and nearly 2,000 men. He received an
affirmative answer and concluded a provisional agreement
called "the Kanagawa Treaty," which initiated relations
between the United State and Japan. Other similar arrange-
ments were soon made with England, Russia and Holland. At
this time, Japan also adopted its modern-day national flag —
the red sun disc on a white background.

Almost as a signal of the gods' displeasure, earthquakes
again rocked Edo in 1854 and 1855, igniting fires and causing
over 100,000 deaths. But the provisional treaty was not to be
derailed. On July 29, 1858, the final draft of the treaty
between the United States and Japan was officially signed
and sealed. The port cities of Kanagawa, Nagasaki and
Hakodate were officially "opened" to foreign trade. Foreign-
ers were permitted to live in Edo and move freely in and
around the open port cities.

"EXPEL THE BARBARIANS"

Many people — including the emperor in Kyoto, who
had not signed any of these treaties — convinced themselves
that the shogunate had collectively lost its mind. In re-
sponse, the shogun initiated a crackdown against dissenters,
during which it imprisoned dozens of its critics among the
high-level samurai and nobles.

Servants of the Yama Kings recognized a situation preg-
nant with disaster. Their activities came perilously close to
plunging Japan into nationwide chaos in the period immedi-
ately after the signing of the Kanagawa Treaty. Factions
hostile to the shogunate and its dealings with the West
attacked the treaties politically and the Westerners physically
— Russian, British and Dutch officials were murdered in the
late 1850s and into the 1860s. As the tide of violence rose, the
Yama Kings sent an unprecedented number of their minions
to Rise. The Demon Lords also provided extra sources of Chi
for their servants among the Kuei-jin and fresh sources of
outrage for the Goblin Spiders and other hengeyokai.

THE FIRST TECHNOCRATIC BLOW

Unbeknownst to anyone in Commodore Perry's
mission, the Americans' strive to force down Japa
nese trade barriers succeeded better than it would
have in calmer times. The court in Edo was in crisis
Toku deathly ill with a disease
that resisted all of his physician's efforts. The dis

wa Iehoshi was

after Dutch

traders brought word of the American fleet that had
in the Ryukyu Islands before

Iehoshi died before Perry

ease came on quite suddenly, not long

spent tir
Honshu.

coming to
irned with
the final American terms

The emperor fell victim to Totori Wakamura,
gincer recruited by the New
World Order a decade before Perry arrived.

who was a Japanese ¢
Totori

1 subtle two-step attack on the shogun

he poisoned Iehoshi by introducing a toxic

concoction int ecimen of well water. His
contacts in the West provided him with a variety of
possible tools; Totori settled on this one when the
opportunity arose to join in a festival of honoring
the shogun with products of the crafts. Over the
course of two years, the shogun began wasting aw:
"and it took extensive magical treatment to contain
the corruption
Secondly,
force the
in the Shc

the spirits

Totori embarked on rituals to rein

intlet and strengthen material reality
sun's quarters. When he completed them
ho'd effected lehoshi's protection could
and died

Totori did not survive much longer; palace

no longer reach him, so he sickened
caught him in the basement of the palace the
following day as he was trying to remove the traces
of his work. He res

and perished by dismemberment

ed all efforts at interrogation

Shen try to claim Totori as their own, when shen
who know the secret history of Japan g
debate. Most

asa Devil-T

zather for
en who know about Totori believe he *
ger Kuei-jin striking a big blow. Minor
ity theories cover the gamut of possibilities: Genji
deciding that the time was ripe for innovation; unaf
filiated follower of the Thousand Whispers Dharma
hoping to get Japan, as well as himself, playing new
roles; a Risen Jade Empire wraith softening Skinlands

Japan's resistance; and even the truth

Nevertheless, ports continued to open around the island
as dictated by the treaties, and tensions mounted. Assassina-
tion attempts increased; the prime minister of the shogunate
was murdered in March of 1860. Foreign delegations were

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

vovvvgwy4weYVwv.VéoviveowiowviovfovfeovfV

targets as well. In July of 1861, a band of 14 ronin viciously
assaulted British representatives at the Tozenji Temple. The
atmosphere grew more contentious throughout the remain-
der of that year. Foreign groups elected to have sailors from
their own navies guard their residences. During the next six
years, life in Edo became nightmarish for outsiders.
Relations between the emperor and the shogun wors:
ened, too. The doctrine of sankin kotai was abolished by 1864,
and the daimyo scattered from their homes within the cit
Skirmishes increased between Imperial and shogunate forces.
On November 20, 1867, Shogun Tokugawa Yoshinobu abdi-
cated his post and handed over control of Edo to the emperor.

SHEN AND THE SHOGUNATE'S END

Kuei-jin played major roles in the crisis that culmi-
nated with the shogun's renunciation of power and the
restoration of political rights to the emperor. But they no
more understood what they were unleashing than mortals
around them did.

The Bishamon thought in terms of returning to the
glories of the past. Even though the Choshu clan had met
violent defeat in its effort to resume excluding Westerners
from major ports, the Bishamon expected that the virtuous
might of a new emperor would enable him to do so. They
further expected that he would curtail modernization and
restore the social fabric damaged by Tokugawa neglect.
Bishamon generals, like the cousins Izawa Kosai and Izawa
Nakamura, were willing to learn modern, Western-based
weaponry only because they expected to be able to set the
cannon and rifles aside someday.

The Genji, on the other hand, saw the Restoration in
terms of boldly advancing to a new era. They anticipated a
retreat from Japanese isolationism and particularism and an
embrace of fresh possibilities. They looked forward to the vigor
of ideas stemming from contact with Western supernaturals.
Kuei-jin daimyo Ezo Hideyoshi and his retinue, who had been
secretly importing Western tools for decades, joined with
reactionary anti-shogunate forces in the expectation that
once the shogun was deposed, the Genji could drive the
Bishamon back into their respective lairs as well.

Neither side got what it wanted. Recriminations swirl
into the modern day, and since all of the mortal participants
are dead (though a few have drawn the Second Breath), the
terms of argument focus on the roles of various shen in the
events of those days. There is no sign that the debaters will
ever reach agreement.

Neither uji seems to recognize that Mutsuhito, who
reigned under the name Meiji, was 15 when he took the
throne — matured by circumstances, but still of an age to be
more susceptible to hsien influence than most adults (or than
he would be in later life). The kamuii smile when a lone
inquisitive Kuei-jin asks them whether they placed ideas in
Mutsuhito's head, but they do not reply.

RESTORATION

It took time for shen not yet ready to enter the Sixth Age
to suppress the Yama Kings' servants, who mounted resurgent
attacks well into the 20th century. Further, the struggle demor-
alized the opponents of chaos. The mood among shen shifted
from the vague recognition that someday a new, darker age
would dawn to the realization thatitcould strike atany moment.

While supernatural strife continued, Edo officially opened
itself to foreigners as a port city on January 1, 1868. The initial
reaction was peaceful, but a large percentage of the native
populace wished for the reinstatement of the shogunate, rather
than of Imperial rule, The emperor received a proclamation
demanding that the shogun be reinstated as the leader of Edo; if
not, the people themselves would form an army to reinstate him.

In the end, the volunteer militia never materialized. The
emperor'sarmiesentered Edo without incidenton April 24, 1868.
Soon after, however, the armies encountered a band of shogitai —
oldsamuraistill loyal to the formershogun. After negotiations fell
apart, the Imperial army confronted the shogitai forces in battle at
Ueno Hill on July 4, 1868. Despite better artillery on the side of
the Imperial forces, it took a whole day to overcome the holdout
samurai. The next day, Edo

ased to exi

TOKO

Edo's population dropped by more than two-thirds after
its takeover by the emperor, a reduction from 2 million to
600,000. Land prices plummeted; an acre sold for 25 yen.
Grass grew in the deserted streets; food shortages were
common, especially among the foreign delegations.

Meanwhile, an ambitious member of the Satsuma clan,
Okubo Toshimichi, suggested that the emperor consider moving
the capital from Kyoto. At first, Toshimichi put forth Osaka as a
potentiality, but it was decided, in order to keep traditional
authority in the city of the shoguns, to move the Imperial seat to
Edo. On September 8, 1868, the Meiji era officially began in Edo.
Six days later, the city was renamed Tokyo, the "Eastern Capital."

Deeper changes immediately followed, as Imperial rule ushered
ina host of modemities. The first telegraph line in Japan connected
Tokyo and Yokohama in 1870. In 1871, the postal service started to
handle foreign mail and, in 1872, thefirstrail line bewween Tokyoand
Yokohama began servicing the two cities. Primary schools were
established. National newspapers appeared. Vaccinations be-
came commonplace, as did advances in heating and power
throughout the city's infrastructure. Roads were widened, and
the first brick buildings sprouted up within the new capital.

The marketplace of ideas found its way to Tokyo as well.
The genroin, a type of senate, was formed in 1875. Tokyo
University opened its doors in 1877, and 1881 saw the appear-
ance of the jiyuto, or "liberal party," which was the first official
Japanese political party. On February 11, 1889, the Meiji
Constitution became the law of the land. It modeled itself
closely on the social and political customs of Western

vvvvvvvvvvvrvrevrevvvvpvpeiypéséqy

CHAPTER ONE: TOKYO'S PAST


y=
Ay

countries, creating a new hierarchy of nobility (prince, mar-
quis, count, viscount and baron) and a bicameral legislature
| (House of Peers and House of Representatives).

Cultural fads also swept Tokyo, reflecting the willing-
ness of the Imperial regime to tolerate foreign influences.
Mustaches on men appeared, as did clocks, sports clubs and
horse racing at Ueno Park. Foreign restaurants were built, as
was a Russian Orthodox church. Steamboats replaced wooden
paddle boats on the city waterways, and many of the wooden
bridges were upgraded to metal.

THE MODERN CENTURY

The modernization started in Tokyo spread to the rest of
Japan, and the onset of the 20th century saw the tiny island
nation defeat the European behemoth Russia in the Russo-
Japanese War of 1904-1905. But postwar life brought typical
postwar letdowns, as unemployment rose and the economy
sagged. In the summer of 1912, Emperor Meiji died. A year
later, the last shogun, Keiki, passed away as well. The symbols
of a former era had faded away in the capital city.

same apa a ee ia ea

-THESHBLTER OFTHESEA

The ae: bitter hatred Same-Bito feel to-
ward Kuei-jin dates back to mid-19th century. In the
beginning of the 1800s, American whalers started 7
making significant reductions in the Paci
population, suddenly altering the weresharks' food
supply for the worse.

___ The Bishamon made compacts with the Same-Bito.
The extremely harsh penalties often meted out to ship-
wrecked American sailors are, in part, the consequence
of those compacts. While the Same-Bito feasted on the
crews of such ships as they sank, the Kuei-jin made sure
that survivors would be unlikely to want to return. But
the very harshness of these measures provoked Ameri-
can response, before and after Commodore Perty'sadvent,
in the form of treaties that imposed penalties for con-
tinuing such abuse. The Bishamon could no longer
discharge their part of the compacts without risking
punishmentboth from mortals and from angry superiors.
Then the Japanese fishing industry began to expand.
Commercial whaling by Japanese fishermen opened up
frésh vistas for the Kuei-jin. Gradually, the Bishamonno
longer worried about upholding their compacts — not
when they could indulge all of the various Dharmas by |
discegarding the Same-Bito. |

The weresharks learn slowly, but they forget even
more slowly. It will be along, long time before they care
to trust the Kuei-jin again, and in the meantime, a
Kuei-jin traveling by sea in less than perfect'safety risks |

the most violent of ends. |

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

THE DEATH OF THE DRAGON NESTS

Kuei-jin tend to think in the long-term, once they get
more than a generation past the Second Breath. The elders
of the great uji construed the Meiji Restoration as one move
inacycle that would take decades or more to complete. Thus,
they could allow some undesirable elements into the mix of
strengthened Imperial culture, confident that there would be
time to weed and prune.

The pace of developments caught elder Kuei-jin off-
guard. They never developed a real sense of how quickly
things moved in the Western world. Nor did they grasp
how deeply Western ideas could take root in the minds of
Japanese mortals who perceived the old order as funda-
mentally failing.

Manipulation by these elders therefore bore fruit not in
aglorious new era of Kuei-jin leadership but in supernatural
devastation. All shen suffered — even ones who generally
profited from modernity — as dragon nests fell to unheeding
machinery. Schemes laid by all the Ten Thousand Things
fell by the wayside (literally, as roads and railroads spread
across their territories).

The most prominent Kuei-jin suffered the most serious
disgrace. In the decades since the Restoration, alliances
between Kuei-jin and other shen fared better when one of the
Kuei-jin acknowledged responsibility for having unleashed
industrialization.

THE GREAT EARTHQUAKE

At 12:01 P.M. on September 1, 1923, a series of
subterranean tremors tore through the city. A great num-
ber of wooden dwellings in the center of the capital
collapsed, but the real damage was done throughout the
afternoon. Temblors shook even brick buildings to pieces,
including a 12-story Asakusa Park amusement tower that
was built in 1890.

As it was the lunch hour, people fled to parks and
gardens in hopes of finding solid shelter in bamboo groves
(whose strong roots made them exceptionally solid). But
the situation was worsened, as has happened so often in the
city's history, by fire. Numerous cooking stoves overturned
throughout the city because of the quake, sparking hun-
dreds of fires across the downtown area. Most neighborhoods
burned to ashes. Smoke roiled along main boulevards and
through alleyways. A park under construction soon filled
with over 35,000 newly homeless people, many of them
clutching mattresses and clothes snatched quickly from
their destroyed homes.

They survived the earthquake but did not escape the
fires. Spread by the wind, sparks ignited the numerous
bundles of cloth in the park. By 4 o'clock, the entire area was
asea of flames. All of the houses ringing the site were ablaze.
Some people escaped by flinging themselves into the city
canals, but soon the water boiled from the tremendous heat
generated. The Great Kanto Earthquake, as it has been

called, claimed more than 142,000 lives and most of the
capital city's neighborhoods. It spared no social rank: Prin-
cesses Yamashinaand Kiroko and the young Prince Moromasa
perished in the fiery hell of the park.

Violence surfaced in the wake of the disaster. In the days
following the quake, roaming mobs of Japanese killed thou-
sands of Tokyo's Korean and Chinese residents, whom the
natives accused of starting the fires and of poisoning the
city's wells.

RECONSTRUCTION

The city burned for more than 40 hours. The pressure to
rebuild quickly was immense. Common urban wisdom —
particularly in the commercial districts — had always held
that ifa business did not reopen within three days after a great
fire, it would not reopen at all.

With that in mind, reconstruction began almost before
the last fires were extinguished. On September 12, almost to
reemphasize the determination of the city, the new emperor,
Hirohito, issued a royal proclamation that would shape
Tokyo's course and image in the modern century: "Tokyo,
the capital of the empire, has been looked on by the people
as the center of political and economic activities and the
fountainhead of the cultural nation. With the unforeseen
visit of the catastrophe, the city has entirely lost its prosper-
ous contours but retains, nevertheless, its position as the
national capital. The remedial work, therefore, ought not to
consist merely in the reparation of the metropolis, but
completely to transform the avenues and the streets."

The builders took their divine leader's words seriously.
By the end of the month, over 30,000 buildings replaced the
ones lost in the disaster. Crews widened main streets, moved
over 250,000 houses and constructed three enormous new
parks. During the next few years, the massive project led to
the completion of the Yamanote Rail Loop in 1925 and of
Japan's first subway in 1927. Four years later, Tokyo Interna-
tional Airport opened, swinging wider the doors to the rest
of the world. And in 1932, the city proper began to annex a

series of adjacent suburbs, villages and townships to form
Great Tokyo City.

WAR

Japan became progressively more nationalistic after the
accession of Hirohito to the Imperial throne in 1926. In
1931, Japan invaded Manchuria, and the island power offi-
cially withdrew from the League of Nations two years later.
In 1937, Japan declared war on China and managed to
capture Peking and to control much of Asia's eastern sea-
board. In 1940, Japan signed a three-part agreement with
Nazi Germany and Fascist Italy, creating the Rome-Berlin-
Tokyo Axis.

On December 7, 1941, Japanese kamikaze squadrons
attacked Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, and destroyed much of the
United States' Pacific Fleet. Not quite five months later, the

CHAPTER ONE: TOKYO'S PAST


first American air raid hit Tokyo. Thirteen B-25s bombed
and strafed the city; they caused 364 casualties and destroyed
about 250 buildings. Similar raids continued intermittently
for the next 22 months.

On the night of March 9, 1944, however, American
forcescommenced the first incendiary bombing sorties against
Great Tokyo City. Waves of B-25s smothered the night sky.
Their plan of attack was calculated to take outa city that had,
over its long history, proven to be overly hospitable to fire.
That night heavy winds swept in from the north and west and
fanned the bombs' fiery results to unbelievable heights.
Almost two-fifths of Tokyo went up in flames. The four
wards bounded by the Sumida River and the Arakawa Drain-
age Channel nearly vanished. Between 70,000 and 80,000
people lost their lives that night.

The next wave of bombing came in mid-April and
destroyed industries in the northern and western sections.
May attacks took out the remainder of the Old City still
intact after the March firestorms, as well as the main hall of
the Imperial Palace and much of the city's transportation
system. All totaled, American air squadrons launched over
4,000 air raids in 1944 and 1945. They sent the citizenry
into fevered panic, which encouraged the eating of magic
potions — such as breakfasts of rice and pickles, or even
goldfish — to keep away the bombs. Outrageous rumors
circulated, including one about the existence of a secret

squadron of Japanese planes fueled by pine resin that could
fly across the Pacific, bomb all of America, and then fly
back. By the time Hirohito broadcast his speech of surren-
der on August 15, 1945, much of Tokyo had been destroyed
and as many people had been killed there as in the bomb-
ings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki.

POSTWAR YEARS

American occupation forces stationed themselves in
the capital city from the end of the war until 1952. During the
early postwar years, Tokyo was quite the black-market town
with more than 60,000 less-than-legal stalls in operation.
Vice also ran rampant, and previously respectable areas of
the city became the haunts of ladies of negotiable affection.
American Gls looked the other way while the shadow
economy thrived in rubbled quarters of the city; they even
referred to the black market at Ueno as the "Ueno PX."

In addition to ignoring the black market, American
occupation forces actively involved Japan's Yakuza families
in the fight against Communism in postwar Japan. The
defeat of the country had left its economy in shambles,
which American businessmen regarded as the perfect op-
portunity to step in and make a significant impact on the
rebuilding of the country. The biggest threat to these
ambitions, the Americans thought, came from the left — in
the form of the Japanese Communist Party and similar


THE MISSED OPPORTUNITY

In the 1930s, several slaves of the Yama King Emma-O
decided that their master wasn't making sufficient progress
toward the end of the world. They took matters into their
own hands and commenced plotting with like-minded Spec
tres that were building influence in the American military

By the late 1930s, war between Japan and the United
States was all but inevitable. The Hasteners of the Age,
these agents of Oblivion dubbed themsel ided to use

the war to their own advantage. They so

1 to prolong the

conflict long enough to waken appetites for destruction on
both sides, then end the proceedings with the complete
annihilation of the Japanese people. The Hasteners hoped
that their scheme would unleash the full fury of the Sixth
\ge around the world.
The Western Hasteners oversaw the development of
American plans for the use of gas weapons in Operation
mpic, which was the projected 1946 invasion of Japan. In
1945, the Chemical Corps estimated that the initial strategic
mbing — not including tactical bombing to prepare land
ing zones or later phases of the invasion — might kill five
million Japanese and seriously injure another five million
The Hasteners were pleased
The Eastern Hasteners, meanwhile, swayed their unwit
* ting servants in the Japanese High Command to prepare an
order decreeing that, in the event of an American invasion,
the Imperial army was to execute all prisoners of war, all
* interned enemy civilians and all enemy civilians in territo.
ries under Japanese control. Millions more ¢
result. The Hasteners were again pleased

The atomic bomb and Gorool's subsequent rise spoiled
everything. While the Hiroshima and Nagasaki bombs brought

lasting contamination to Japanese dragon nests, the
lions of deaths that the Hasteners had hoped for shrank to
¢ hundreds of thousands. Nor did the great storm erupt
from the Yomi World with the full fury it might've had after
another year of mass slaughter. Gorool's rampage brought the
response of the gaijin Charon, who was able to nullify the lone
Malfean; whereas Charon could've never countered the com
bined power of the Yama Kit

\ppalled at the unexpected interference, the Hasteners

inleashed.

buried nearly all traces of their operations. Documents pertain
ing to the American plan lay in archives until uncovered by
military historians in the fall of 1997. The Japanese plan le:

out in bits and pieces in the 1980s and "90s. After a few decades
thered follow
ing the fall of the Soviet Union to'discuss plans for a second

of dormancy, the dozen remaining Hastener

attempt. They haven't conceived a master plan yet, but they've
weighed many options. A meteor strike, concealed until no
effective defense could be mounted? Plague? Nuclear war initi
ated by some upstart nation on the Asian subcontinent?

There's time yet for such plots to reach fruition, and
history favors the Hasteners' cat

iths would f

organizations. To combat the rising red tide, American
forces turned to the Yakuza, who had been notoriously
successful in battling labor unions in Japan in earlier
decades. General Charles Willoughby, the head of G-
2 (the American intelligence branch in the Pacific
theater), gave money and materials to Yakuza gangs to
clamp down on these leftist groups.

Among supernaturals, the Genji recovered from
the horrible shock of defeat faster than most other
Japanese shen. They recognized the opportunities for
mutual profit in dealing with the Western
supernaturals entering the country under the cover of
the American occupation.

The Giovanni arrived first, as they were interested
in exploring new opportunities for necromancy. A small
community of Giovanni maintains a precarious exist-
ence on the fringes of the Ginza, where the members
feed only at the sufferance of the Genji and steer clear of
the Kuei-jin's greater struggles. Felix Levin, onetime
pretender to the throne of San Francisco, keeps his
followers in line.

Two Brujah cabals sprung up in the Kanda neigh-
borhood. Without the looming might of the Genji, the
competing factions would have no doubt gone to war in
short order, but they attained an uneasy peace and
avoided each other as much as possible due to their
identical interests: Rival leaders Paul Banks and Derek
Johnson dreamed constantly of each other's flaming
death. Each sought simultaneously to assemble a defini-
tive history of the Japanese shen. Their quests have
dragged on to the modern night. The two vampires still
meet with some shen under truces arranged by the Genji
(who find the pairs' works-in-progress amusing reading).

The black markets in Tokyo had the same effect
they'dhad in defeated postwar Germany — they provided
the crucial spark to restore economic flow within the city
and give a much-needed boost to the local economy. By
the time the occupation forces left, the government-run
program to rebuild the city had already started. Its focus
this time (in contrast with the 1923 post-earthquake
reconstruction) was to revitalize the economy directly,
rather than to restore Tokyo's infrastructure. With untir-
ing native initiative (not to mention, a good amount of
money in the form of American loans), the capital's
business community began to thrive once again. A boom
in Japanese profits coincided with the Korean War and
concentrated large percentage of executives in the rising
city. Skyscrapers thrust toward the heavens above Tokyo
once more. The subway expanded and hotels multiplied,
catering to native businessmen from other cities on the
island as well as to foreign tourists. Tokyo Tower, the
Eiffel-like structure opened in 1958 to facilitate broadcast
of the fledgling NHK national television network, be-
came a well-known symbol of postwar progress.

CHAPTER ONE: TOKYO'S PAST


THE MODERN ERA

By 1962, Tokyo's population exceeded 10 million.
Two years later, Tokyo became the first Asian city to
host the Olympic Games — an event that showed the
entire world the marvelous pace at which the Eastern
capital had resurrected itself from the ashes of war. That
same year, the first of Japan's shinkansen — bullet trains
— connected the capital with Osaka. But as moderniza-
tion increased at a white-hot pace, older things perforce
fell by the wayside. The Imperial Hotel, one of Frank
Lloyd Wright's masterpieces, was pulled down in 1967. It
had plenty of company.

(Pe.
"CUTTING THEDRAGON'S TAIL

Japanese and Western Technoerats seldom mount
successful joint operations, but when they do, they alter
the social and physical landscape, The. post-W.W.II
real-estate boom is one of the real triumphs for the
united Technocracy.

Starting in the 1950s, the Syndicate began rout-
inga portion of its drug-related profits from the Asian
continent into Zaibatsu coffers): The Zaibatsu used
the money to influence the course of reconstruction
and fresh'development. Tremendous expansion of all
| kinds of construction would have happened with or
| without the Technocracy; what the Zaibatsu influ-
| enced was where buildings went up and certain subtle |
| features of their design.

Forty-five years later, the Technocracy doesn't
control all of the:major dragon lines in Japan's me-
tropolises... just most of them. Well-placed buildings
disrupt old lineés and open up new ones, which Zaibatsu
"developmental engineers" promptly seal off for the
faction's sole use. Minor changes to building codes
(height restrictions, matetial specifications, and so
on) configure the/feng shui of Tokyo and other cities
just the way the Technocracy wants.

The primary beneficiaries of this architectural
chess are, of course, members of the Zaibatsu. But Chi
does not flow with perfect precision. Zaibatsu neigh-
bors experience mysterious good fortune. They gain
subconscious incentives to keep the good flowing and,
hence, become useful pawns in the protection of
Zaibatsu interests.

Tactical use of dragon line and feng shui manipula- |
tion proved to be harder for the Technocrats. In fact, it
was $0 difficult that the Zaibatsu has largely abandoned |
it. Just as good fortune spreads,'$d does misfortune. The
Zaibatsu decided that this means of stamping ‘out a
prominent uji wasn't worthwhile if it came at the cost of |
four adjacent corporations for which the Zaibatsu had |
intended great things.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO


THE TENBO LIST
The Bishamon love tradition and loathe the

em age, but they aren't stupid. They use the we
that come to hand in their struggle against the Genji
After W.W.II, the Tenbo family of Ki
detailed analysis of Gen;

After duc 0 so-called "Tenbx
List," the Bishamon s

ei-jin prepared a

n Various fronts and
used their government contac iberalization of
investmentrules. Real estate, bondsand stock marketsall

ned to the public," in the lan; of the political
leaders who supported the move. The Japanese public

rtunities presented

uradually took advanta;

»them in the 1970s and '80s. In time, all of the att
became overextended through ay eof wish

ful thinkin

The 199%

links breaking and re

e ignorance and deliberate decepti
11 multiple crashes d trait
iling the extent of debt accumu
lated; the Bishamon hope (and the Genji fear) f
So far, the Bishamon and their agents haven't

ible tobuild much publicsentiment in favor of tumi

from a market economy, although they h:

ruine Genji schemes and delaye
want of capital

The Bishamon conti manipula

The last vestiges of war uneasiness vanished in 1977 when
the U.S. military base at Tachikawa was officially returned to
Japan. A year later, New Tokyo International Airport, or
Narita Airport, opened. Corporations funneled profits into
research and development, and by the 1970s, Tokyo firms
were filing more patents in the United States than Americans
were. These events occurred in an atmosphere of ever-increasing
economic growth. In 1984, the Japanese yen became an
international currency and proved to be one of the stablest
monies of that decade. Commercial and industrial districts
throughout the city expanded at exponential rates.

The 1990s have been years of general economic down-
turn in Tokyo. Construction has leveled off, rentshave dropped
and many newly opened buildings have entire floors vacant of
renters. Unemploymenthas been on the rise, and homeless are
numerous (though, not ubiquitous). They fit themselves into
train stations, parks and under the many bridges that traverse
the capital city's canals and municipal waterways. There has
also been growth among new religious cults in the city, which
isa phenomenon possibly spurred on by the economic difficul-
ties. Many of these new cults (including the Aum Shinrikyo)
have accreted around various Koresh-type leaders. One cult's
role in the nerve-gas attacks in the Tokyo subway in April
1995 fanned anxiety amid the city's populace. Such an assault
at the heart of Tokyo only served to highlight, for many
observers, the specter of an increasing crime rate ina city once
thought as one of the world's safest in which to live.

CHAPTER ONE: TOKYO'S PAST



Tokyo isa city in combat with itself. It boasts some of the
world's most stunning temples, parks and gardens, yet much
of the metropolis consists of some of the most dubious
architectural achievements ever to have made it off the
drafting table. At night, the towers of the city's financial
giants thrust dizzyingly skyward and are outlined by a blind-
ing neon glow that gives the capital its peculiar color. At
street level, however, the attention to detail that graces the
hordes of market stalls and street kiosks recalls the ancient
traditions of the shoguns.

Such contradiction is not confined to the buildings,
though. The attitude of Tokyoites toward the lifeblood of
their hometown — business and technology — is far from
devout. Citizens prefer to frequent the independent stalls of
street bazaars rather than pack into the megalithic depart-
ment stores in sections like the Ginza ward. Some of the
oldest neighborhoods in the capital, ones consisting solely of
wooden houses in old Edo style, sit canopied by busy
transmetropolitan expressways and bullet-train rails.

Middle Kingdom Tokyo offers a great number of niches
where shen can anchor themselves. The city's populace is a
mobile entity, with over 22 million people commuting in,
out and through the capital each day. Add this number to an
indigenous population of nearly 12 million in the inner city,
and 28 million with the surrounding suburbs; the degree to
which to a Tokyoite vanishes in a sea of faces is staggering.

CENTRAL TOKYO

While Tokyo's hugeness is spread over dozens of wards
and districts, the influence of the supernatural populations is
still largely contained within the area of Central Tokyo. The
city's hub holds the Imperial Palace and its environs in the
ancient grandeur that was medieval and shogunate Japan.
Barely a stone's throw from the seat of Imperial government
lie the ultramodern districts, such as the Ginza and Kanda
commercial sections. Amid the convergence of tradition and
progress embodied in the neighborhoods here, a significant
amount of interaction occurs among the shen population, not
all of which is amicable.

THE IMPERIAL PALACE

Home to the emperor of Japan since the Meiji Restora-
tion in 1868, the Imperial Palace stands on the old Edo
Castle's foundations. The palace's outer perimeter, marked
off by a series of walls and thick vegetation, takes about two-
and-a-half hours to traverse, and it is as close as any outsider
can come to the Imperial residence. The vast majority of the
palace and its grounds remain the private dwelling of Em-
peror Akihito and his family. The grounds are open to the
public on only two days of the year: January 2 (New Year's
Day in Japan) and the emperor's birthday.

WY

Z

®


When Ieyasu, the patriarch of the Tokugawa
shogunate, chose the old Edo Castle as his seat of govern-
ment, he took great care to ensure that the fortress was
virtually impregnable to attack. To accomplish this secu-
tity, Ieyasu designed a complex system of moats that
incorporated the natural flow of the Sumida River into
the defenses of the old castle. He put almost 450 acres of
palace landscape inside the great citadel, which included
99 gates and 28 armories for defensive purposes.

The inner sancta were divided into four sections called
maru, or strongholds. The main stronghold of the shogunate,
honmaru, was destroyed in the fires that swept Tokyo periodi-
cally after the Restoration. Of the original maru, only three
remain: the ninomaru, or "second stronghold," which is the
residence of the shogun's heirs and is now a garden; the
kitanomaru, the northern stronghold, which is currently a
public park; and the nishinomaru, which remains the private
quarters of the Imperial family. The outer moats still divide
the Imperial Palace from the rest of the city. A reconstruc-
tion of Edo Castle also stands on the palace grounds.

Despite its position as the virtual nucleus of the Tokyo
metropolis, the Imperial Palace is a disquietingly calm com-
plex, even in the Middle Kingdom. The harmonious balance
of Chi forces and "dragon tracks" that converge within the
compound make the palace a sort of central "preserve" for the
shen of Tokyo — a place that the city's supernaturals visit
from time to time — but that none seeks to claim lest the

‘WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

harmony (and the Chi) there be undone. Hakari, the current
Kuei-jin ancestor of Tokyo, makes his residence and seat of
authority in the private quarters of the nishinomaru. The
gardens and private sanctuaries also attract the city's
hengeyokai, who discreetly seek peace and communion with
the natural forces on the grounds.

THE EAST GARDEN

The East Garden of the Imperial Palace, the old ninomaru,
is the only section of the Imperial Palace open to the public
ona daily basis. The garden is situated at what was once the
geographical center of the old Edo Castle. The onetime
entrance to the castle, boxy-looking Otemon Gate, now
stands as the East Garden's main entrance. The gate is
constructed in a courtyard style, wherein visitors enter the
outer portal into an open stone courtyard before passing
through a second portal to the garden. The structure of this
gate allowed defenders positioned atop the battlements to
"box in" intruders and let them have it with everything they
could throw or drop on them.

Within the East Garden is a massive traditional Japa-
nese garden with meticulously maintained lawns, as well as
a tea pavilion. Just inside Otemon Gate stands the martial
arts training grounds, or dojo, for the National Police Agency.
Built during the 1920s, the dojo is still used by NPA for
practicing kendo, or Japanese fencing.

TASUKUNI SHRINE

The Yasukuni Shinto Shrine stands to the north of the
Imperial Palace. It is a monument to Japan's war dead, and it
housesa shrine to the 2.5 million souls who died in World War
II — including numerous war criminals whose actions in
places such as Bataan and occupied China rivaled what
Mengele and his ilk perpetrated in the death camps of Europe.

The shrine itself is controversial. Its name means "peace
to the nation" or "peace means war," depending on how
much of a crypto-Fascist one's translator is. Allied veterans
of W.W.II are discouraged from visiting the complex, but
even such askance actions are usually overcome. The shrine
itself is laid out in typical form, with two sets of gates — one
steel, the other bronze — designating the main entrance.
Entering the complex, however, remains an adventure. A
common spectacle outside the main gates is a cluster of
nondescript black vans blaring right-wing propaganda from
rooftop speakers at the shrine's visitors.

TOKYO STATION AND ITS ENVIRONS

Tothe east of the Imperial Palace complex sits Tokyo Station,
which is the central hub for bullet trains and streetcars that
crisscross the capital's avenues and underground expressways.

North of the station is Nihonbashi Bridge, an old city landmark
adomed with lamps and unicom statuary; statues of lions flank
either end.

At the north end of the bridge stands an iron pole
known as the Zero Kilometer. This pole, erected by
Emperor Meiji, marked the geographical center of old
Tokyo, as well as indicated the starting point for the five
major highways that led out of the capital. The south end
of Nihonbashi Bridge was used during the Edo period for
the posting of public announcements. More gruesome
messages also appeared here: the heads of criminals
having a "last look" at the Nihonbashi District — from
the tops of pikes.

North of the bridge lies the Tokyo Stock Exchange,
Japan's financial center. TSE houses a second-floor gallery
where visitors can peer down at the lightning-quick activ-
ity on the trading floor. Videos and stock-trading games on.
computer allow visitors to control (virtually) the intri-
cately networked global economy. Syndicate mages frequent
the TSE and its trading floors to work their Entropy magick
and to channel Quintessence from the vagaries of the
global economy.

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED


KASUMIGASEKI

The Japanese government's most important buildings
congregate in this neighborhood, southwest of the Imperial
Palace. The Diet meets here, as does the Supreme Court.

Strike Force Zero keeps at least one team in this neigh-
borhood at all times. Various shen have, from time to time,
succumbed to their urges and lashed out violently at the
humans they blame for Japan's supernatural woes — from the
loss of home rule in the afterlife to the withering of the
people's belief. Organized groups know thatstriking at promi-
nent leaders seldom does any good and may well provoke
nasty retaliatory strikes. Yet, desperate individuals and small
bands don't stop to reckon consequences rationally.

Kasumigaseki's press clubs (see sidebar) help bury this
sort of incident. The press and government agree that the
deranged acts of individuals can be of no significance to the
general public. Ifa shen attack deserves any mention at all, it
appears only in the context ofa plea for government response
to social needs, or something equally innocuous.

MEETING THE PRESS

rajor media corporations maintain

f independence in Japan — the

ent and other news sources provide

space and equipment ir

s told in ways that make the

rod. Press clubs build an atmosphere of

nterest and reduce the chances that

reporters might embarrass the government

What t

tent journalism

1¢ Western world thinks of as indepen

very much a marginal
undertaking in Japan

The kinsa

lentiality makes it very

assump ternal confi
for outsiders to

Years or

ire required to establish one's right to

lifficul
intrude, but Kuei-jin make the effort
fecades

participate in the press clubs. Kinsa member

hip is awarded to groups, not individuals, and

both host and news organizations must approve

iny individual's participation. Kuei-jin learn to

think in the long-term, and they can patiently

they are able to advance their own agendas (and

their ui' \nd it's very difficult for Strike

Force Zero 1 to detect such inf

s neutralize it

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

The Ginza District, Tokyo's answer to New York City's
Fifth Avenue, is home to Japan's largest department stores
and to international high-fashion conglomerates, many of
which trace their origins back to shogun-blessed stalls in the
famous marketplaces of medieval Edo. The name "Ginza"
means "silver mint," after the one Ieyasu founded here to
produce his own currency in 1612. Since then, Ginza and
commerce have never been separated.

Ginza has always been the measuring stick for Tokyo's
modernization. After fire ravaged the area in 1872, mer-
chants took the opportunity to reinvent the district in the
style of a Western city. Tokyo's first brick buildings were
erected in the Ginza quarter and illuminated by Japan's first
gas lamps.

SHOPS AND GALLERIES

There are commercial districts in Tokyo that are bigger
and brighter than the Ginza, but 4 combination of tradition
and uppityness continue to draw crowds. Several major
department stores make their headquarters along the Ginza
strip, including the behemoth Mitsukoshi and the Sen-ai
Building, a tower specializing in women's fashions. The
Wako store, situated in the Hattori clock tower, specializes
in clocks and watches.

Not all of the goods for sale in the Ginza are cutting-
edge, however. The stores Mikimoto and Kyukyodo carry
exquisitely set cultured pearls and brushes, inks and papers
for Japanese calligraphy, respectively. The Matsuzakaya store
opened its doors in 1611 as a kimono shop; it still carries the
garments that made it famous. On Sundays, the entire Ginza
District is closed to vehicular traffic and becomes the world's
largest pedestrian shopping mall.

Alongside the clothing giants, in the Ginza's hundreds
of alleys, are multitudes of art galleries and exhibition halls
for painters and sculptors. Several of the major galleries also
function as dealers and brokerage houses for the art they
display, such as the Nichido and the Gekkoso, which have
their own stables of "pet" artists. A large percentage of these
galleries, however, often stand empty. They function as ad
hoc exhibition halls for individuals or groups of artists who
can scrape together the fees necessary to display their works
for a week or two at a time. Such exhibitions are often
nothing more than experiments in vanity and ego-massage
undertaken by those artistes with money to spare.

YURAKUCHO

Abutting the Ginza to the northwest is the Yurakucho
District. Its name is derived from the words yu (have) and
raku (pleasures); voluptuaries both native and foreign agree
that the area does not disappoint. During the immediate
postwar occupation, American Gls commandeered what-
ever buildings had withstood the air raids and made the

Yurakucho a de facto red-light district. The place became
home to several abec hoteru (love hotels), a few cheap
chicken-and-beer stalls, and countless black-market deal-
ings that transpired in the shadows of railroad trestles between
Yurakucho and Tokyo Station.

Yurakucho has not changed much in the Middle King-
dom. Nightfall brings with it the familiar scent of grilled
animal flesh, cigarette smoke and that cheap perfume which
seems to be the standard for ladies of available intimacy the
world over. Black-market representatives maintain indepen-
dent operations along the streets and conduct business from
briefcases or from the back doors of shops.

Yet, across the street — Sotobori-dori, specifically — is
the polished glitter of a hyper-modern shopping and enter-
tainment complex called the Mullion Building. Down the
block from the Mullion sits the International Shopping
Arcade, a 100-store area featuring electronics, kimonos and
other traditional Japanese clothing, prints and jewelry. De-
spite the ISA's strong tourist-intensive appeal, however, the
major amount of money made in the Yurakucho changes
hands in alleys of the black-market district. Much of the
illicit trade in the area is Yakuza controlled; some of the
illegal wares are regularly funneled into the ISA by enterpris-
ing black marketeers and sold as legitimate merchandise.

TSUKI

The Sumida River runs along the edge of the Ginza;
Tsukiji, in the northern part of the district, is an area
reclaimed some centuries ago. Until 1899, all foreigners
living in Tokyo had to live here. Now it's home to one of the
city's largest fish markets.

More Western wraiths dwell here than anywhere else in
Tokyo because their Fetters are here. The fish market begins
its business at 4 A.M., and in the pre-dawn hours, the dark
corners of Tsukiji feature peculiar manifestations. Vendors
usually just shrug when a wraith, freshly engorged with Pathos,
intrudes across the Shroud in a fit of anger, enthusiasm, or
curiosity. Tourists are seldom on hand to witness such events.

The Jade Empire's Territorial Government sometimes
sends in recruits to clear away the foreign spirits, but the
locals know more about hiding than Jade soldiers do about
finding. In the time between these usually fruitless raids, the
Occupation contents itself with guards around the neighbor-
hood to prevent rebellious elements inside from interacting
with their counterparts outside. Thus, about a hundred
Westerners eke out their existence here, gradually shrinking
in numbers as one wraith falls to a Destruction Harrowing, as
another becomes a Jade captive (and, shortly thereafter, Jade
property) and as another, perhaps, manages to escape.

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED


WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

KANDA

This section of Tokyo dates back to the traditional
commercial districts of old Edo. In contrast with the ever-
progressive Ginza, the Kanda neighborhoods of shops and
markets still retain the feel of pre-Restoration Edo. Many of
the small market sections forbid the sale of particular wares,
just as in the shogun era.

AKIHABARA

Akihabara is the electronics market for Tokyo, and
probably, for the world. Within its maze of cramped stalls are
gadgets of every conceivable sort that are produced by
Japan's numerous electronics companies. Akihabara serves
as a proving ground for these wares: If it doesn't sell here,
chances are that it won't sell anywhere.

JIMBOCHO

Jimbocho, the "Town with God's Protection," houses the
book shops of old Edo and new Tokyo. Over 200 of these shops
and stalls fill up Jimbocho's 600 square meters, which isa godsend
for students at any of the five major universities within the area
of Kanda. The most famous of these emporiums, Sanseido, carries
overa million volumes in an eight-story tower; it is Japan's largest
bookstore. Down the road is Isseido, a world-famous secondhand
bookstore that carries titles in over 50 languages.

The remainder of Jimbocho has hundreds of tiny, ex-
tremely specialized stalls. One stall carries only Russian
books, while another specializes in old movie magazines.
There are map-only, comics-only and cookbook-only stalls,
as well as a few well-hidden places that concentrate on the
sort of information valuable to shen. Several of these occult-
ist shops carry long-unseen editions of Kuei-jin scholarship
and the like for the buyer willing to pay an emperor's ransom.

UENO

Ueno Hill, the site of the final battle between the shogitai
and the emperor's forces, is the center of one of modern
Tokyo's oldest neighborhoods. The emperor made the area
into new Tokyo's first public park, Ueno Park, after the battle.
The park was to be a future site for international exhibitions
and festivals — all to solidify in the minds of Japan and the
world that the modern era had arrived on the island.

UENO PARK

Ueno Koen (Ueno Park) is the most prominent part of
the Ueno District, for it covers 131 acres and is home to an
impressive expanse of cherry blossom trees. Several museums
are within the park's grounds, including the 10-story Tokyo
National Museum, as well as the National Science Museum
and the National Museum of Western Art, which contain
works by artists such as Tintoretto, El Greco and Rodin.

East of the National Museum is the Kanjeji Temple, which
isa five-story structure rebuilt after the original's destruction by
fire in 1639. The Kanjeji's grounds hold a cemetery with the
gravesites of many Tokugawa shoguns (most of the original
mausoleums were destroyed by air raids). The Kanjeji itself
stands on the grounds of the Ueno Zoo, which houses over 900
species of animals in a 35-acre complex.

The park occupies the site of the last organized Tokugawa
Resistance to the Meiji Restoration. The souls of the
Tokugawa loyalists who died here remain here. Territorial
ministers captured them and subjected them to just enough
of the kuei-go transformation to destroy their minds and bind
them to the spot. They then left them here to wreak havoc
onany foolish Tokugawa admirers seeking lost glories in the
Shadowlands. Corrupted hsien sometimes meet nearby and
use the bound wraiths as watchdogs.

In the 1970s, a band of Water and Earth kamuii decided
that the Yama Kings' victory was inevitable and set about
preparing a special gift for their new masters. The oldest
members of this cabal remembered the Tomorrow Garden
experiment and brought whatever might remain of its tor-
tured dream realms into Tokyo — to better inflict them on
more people. Only six of the forced futures retained any
coherent shape, but the kamuii took what they could get and
re-anchored them in the heart of Ueno.

Since then, Ueno Koen has acquired small but growing
reputation for strangeness. More romantic dreamers sighing
over unobtainable loves commit suicide here than they used
to. More families seeing the sights quarrel, and more lovers
find minor spats flaring into serious fights. People who fall
asleep here face worse fates.

The erstwhile dream realms attached to the park are now
all havens of nightmares. Three of the six represent the
continued dominance of military cliques similar to the one
that brought Japan into W.W.II. These alternate Japans creak
under the weight of endless wars, mass famines and plagues,
but they never turn from the course of empire-building. The
other three realms represent the future of Tokugawa efforts to
resist the Meiji Restoration, again with endless warfare and
suffering. In several of the dream-futures, the secrets of the
supernatural races have been revealed, and the streets redden
with the blood of purges and counter-purges. Shen fight one
another and humanity in the quest for dominance.

Dreaming souls enter these realms easily, but they es-
cape only with great difficulty. Even if wakened, they leave
some portion of their minds trapped in one of the alternate
Japans. Unless released through proper rituals, individuals so
ensnared experience continued visions of these inexplicable
places, and then they gradually sicken and die.

So far, the number of people affected this way is small —
only a few dozen each year. Such a tiny percentage of
mysterious deaths gets lost in the demographics of a city of
Tokyo's size. But they would come to light if any shen made
a deliberate search of death records and paid attention to
signs of supernatural interference with humanity.

TOSHOGU SHRINE

Within the shadow of the Kanjeji pagoda sits the Toshogu
Shrine. Once the first great Tokugawa shogun died, it didnot
take long for Ieyasu to be elevated to the rank of deity. In
accordance with this new station, a host of shrines called
toshogu sprang up all over Japan. The Toshogu in Ueno Park
is the nation's largest. Built in 1627, the shrine is one of the
few buildings from that period to have survived Tokyo's
many fires, earthquakes and air raids in its original form.

Nearitsside entrance, the shrine boasts a peony garden with
more than 200 varieties of the flower in bloom every year. The
main pathway is arched by a double set of gates and lined with
hundreds of stone lanterns that were given as gifts by daimyo
during the shogunate period in honor of Ieyasu. The lanterns are
ranked according to the wealth and prestige of their owners.

~ AIWAISTHESAME BUILDING

Tokyo's constant battles with fires and earthquakes
i history have left the metropolis

the worse, in the opinions of many. A building that

baie math oneal oranda |

shad dire consequences
ifthe MuddleKingioa, Pati ody in che outers he
destruction of historic districts and sacred sites has caused
| theirremanifestation in the Shadowlandsandotherspiritual |

realms. Those shen who have had t ‘of seeing or
} jbumeying to the Wicked Cry si-6 s¢ajumbleof building
upon building that feeds the dead energy of that realm and
thatpushes the Mi Ie Kinomadeet tothe Age of Sorrow.
They believe it's the constant above cor-
raptedChilinntarcethe pe ahe Wicked aon
accelerates the advent of the Sixth Age.

Others, however, believe the opposite is true; they
say that the rebuilding of historic and sacred places to
original specifications fills "vacuums" created by the
disruption of natural disast r them, the painstaking
effort to restore: ar temple ee oe oe
its razing it the same building and that
such endeay of salve to voted Chi lines.
The modern do not matter as much as invoking
the spirit of the original builders. Rebuilders remaining
faithful to that spirit, these observers say, allow the Chito
repair itself. To enslaye one's vision to the transitory
nature of centuries-old wood and stone is to ignore the
spirit of the If —and that is the greaterharm. |

The practical efficacy of these'theories can neither
be proved or disproved. They. exist as simple poles of
debate within and among connie Se a
Tokyo's future in the Middle Kingdom. Yet, thes€ differ-
ent worldviews can infl day-to-day intetaction
and pi ssivist supernaturals.

between traditionalist

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED


SHINOBAZU POND AND THE SHITAMACHI MUSEUM

Shinobazu Pond, a former inlet of Tokyo Bay, was converted
into a freshwater pond during the early years of the Restoration.
It has a man-made island at its center, on which sits a shrine to
Benten (the goddess of the arts). The pond is currently divided
into three sections: The northern area belongs to the Ueno Zoo;
the western part is closed off for small-crafts boating; and the
remainder of the pond isa bird sanctuary and holdsapproximately
15 bird species. During migratory season, nearly 5,000 wild ducks
arrive at the pond from as far away as eastern Russia, and they stay
on and around the pond until season's end.

Adjacent to the pond is the Shitamachi Museum, which
is dedicated to preserving the memories of the old shitamachi
areas of Edo. It stands as a sort of restoration village that is on
par with the USA's colonial Williamsburg, Virginia or Ply-
mouth Plantation in Massachusetts. A handful of houses and
shops from decades ago house exhibits on traditional life
within the shitamachi neighborhoods.

Along with tourists and birds, Shinobazu Pond attracts
a sight usually unfamiliar to Tokyo — the homeless, who
congregate along the water's edge. Unemployment is low in
Tokyo, but this factor only means a harsher existence for
those unfortunate few who cannot land a job. These people
routinely suffer from alcoholism, tuberculosis or other ail-
ments that the city hospitals refuse to treat.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

AMETOKO ARCADE

Ameyoko, or "Confectioners' Alley," was a black market
for sugar during the American occupation of the capital. It grew
into a legitimate marketplace for trinkets and became the
premier spot for end-of-the-year specialty foods. More than
500,000 people thread their way through the Ameyoko's claus-
trophobicavenues during the last week in December to purchase
holiday foodstuffs from more than 500 stalls in the sellers'
quarter. And rather than maintaining the relative discretion
exhibited in places such as the Ginza or Akihabara, Ameyoko
merchants are not afraid to hawk their wares at top volume and
to enumerate their unbelievable bargains in street-level gutter
talk — a throwback to these stall-keepers' shitamachi heritage.

ASAKUSA AND THE SENSOJI TEMPLE

In the Asakusa District sits the Asakusa Kannon Temple,
known more familiarly as the Sensoji. It is the oldest temple in
Tokyo and is probably the most revered religious building there.
It is fronted by the Nakamise, a street of souvenir shops. The
temple itself defies any resemblanée to stereotypical notions of
ahouse of worship: Old women gab in comers; businessmen spin
prayer wheels; children chase each other across the temple
groundsand coins drop ceaselessly into a huge offering box. And
then worship starts. Hands clap to call to the gods, and bells ring
and incense burns in hopes of driving away evil spirits.

~ RELIGION AND POLITICS

Japan has experienced a proliferation of new reli-
gions in recent years. Nearly 200,000 independent cults
and offshoots of the traditional Buddhist and Shinto
faiths exist here, which serves as a sign to many of the ©
general spiritual void engendered by Japan's ible
postwar economic success. A lot of the older cults —
mushroomed from former street-corner operations into
gigantic national enterprises, complete with marketing
directors and overseas sales, whereas other cultsstill skirt
the boundaries of permanent obscurity.

‘The government goes out of its way to encourage the
spread of cults by offering excellent tax-exempt structures.
Asa result, some of the more unsettling groups, including
theAumShintikyo cult (responsible for the sarin gasattack
‘on the Tokyo ‘subway system in 1995), are able to grow
without a great deal of interference from the authorities.
The Te ‘okyo. subway attack prompted heavy criticism

of the government's laissez: attitude toward many of
these groups, and ‘Aum Shinrikyo. Although
the individual mnsible for the terrorist attacks were

identified ted, the Aum cult continues to grow
due to the financial laws regarding religion. The
cult's newest enterprise is software. Aum- underwritten.
and Aum-created programs and computer games appear
on Tokyo merchants' shelves with increasing frequency
since the subway attacks, which troubles many people.
However, fear of being brandeda8 anti-religious (andthe —
possibility ofinitiatinganother wave of Sere
Aum or its sympathizers) makes the government ,
act, while the Aum gets richenoff i its technological ¥

> —~—~nenseaansisianneiamnstintsiaamias oe

IKEBUKURO

Northwest Tokyo began extensive renovation and de-
velopment decade ago, and now ithas numerous landmarks,
including the world's largest automobile showroom (Toyota
Amlux), Japan's tallest building (60-story-tall Sunshine City,
which features world's fastest elevator), and two of the
world's largest department stores (Seibu and Tobu).

Thanks to these last two establishments, Ikebukuro holds
the city's greatest concentration of mannequins — and man-
nikins, or effigies, which are Inanimae fae who lurk wherever
mannequins exist (see the Inanimae sourcebook). In other
parts of Tokyo, the effigy lords rule their respective stores, and
perhaps nearby buildings, parking structures, and so on. In
Ikebukuro, their rule covers whole blocks and extends into
offices and stores. No shen attuned to the Dreaming passes
safely through Ikebukuro without prior arrangement with the
effigy lords (or rather, with their stewards, who include a wide
variety of mannequins, toys and simulacra). Any display of
magic or supernatural ability invites the attention of the
always-inquisitive and ever-acquisitive effigies.

Remote corners of Seibu and Tobu not open to the public
become Dreaming dungeons, where shen and mortals who've
offended the store lords suffer multifarious torments. Naughty
children who stuff candy wrappers into the pockets of store
mannequins are regular guests; they recall nightmares in which
they're force-fed endless bars of fetid chocolate. Shen who, in the
course of their struggles, make the mistake of damaging store
displays suffer far worse fates: Some serve fixed terms of impris-
onment, others wait until the store's lord chooses to release
them... and effigies do not change their minds cavalierly.

Chimerical and Dreaming wars sweep across Ikebukuro
regularly — truces between the store lords usually last no
longer than weeks or months. Such strife manifests in the
waking world in minor ways: conflicts between drunks,
auto collisions, or even clashes between wind-up toys that
are "accidentally" released by sidewalk vendors.

SHINJUKU

Shinjuku Districtis large enough torival, in itsown right, any
Western municipal giant. Within its streets are a host of arcades,
shopping centers and strip bars. Possibly as a nod to the pace of
activity going on within this heart of the modernist titan that is
Tokyo, the offices of the city government moved to Shinjuku in
1991. Many of Tokyo's wards and prefectures are home to some
of the city's defining monuments, buildings and ways of life.
Shinjuku, conversely, is Japan wrought in miniature. The district
manifests the collision of ancient and hypermodern, high-tech
and lowbrow— the meandering pace of the eternal and thestress-
heavy living for the moment that makes Japan what it is.

SHINJUKU STATION

The district's main station, Tokyo's "Palace of the
People," is the confluence of several public transit and
corporate freight railways. Underground are multilevel shop-
ping centers and restaurants situated deep beneath the Kanto
Plain. Each floor of the station connects to the next through
a series of endless promenades. And nothing, from the most
upscale restaurant to the dirtiest, most verminous sub-sub-
basement, appears to have been left out of the loop.

More than two million people pass through Shinjuku
Station's understructure each day, as they come and go on no
fewer than nine separate lines. Hundreds of bums squat in
crannies and corners. Rendezvous and assignations, illicit
and otherwise, constantly occur throughout the station's
levels. Adding to this chaos of crossing paths is the fact that
all signs inside Shinjuku Station are in Japanese only, which
is the final nail in any outlander's coffin of bewilderment.

At the station's eastern exit, a giant video screen towers
over the Studio Alta building and flashes countless images at
ever-present crowds of students and young professionals just
leaving work. Down the street are the Shinjuku Historical
Museum and the Hanazono Shrine, whose historical docu-
ments, artifacts and prayer services represent the traditional side
of Japan in the electronic beast that is the district.

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED


SHADOWLANDS TOKIO

Far more so than most Western cities, Tokyo is a new
city. The bombing missions during the last year of W.W.II
did hideous damage (and if the wraith of General James
Doolittle were to fall into Japanese hands, the rest of his
uterlife would not be pleasant). But long before war came
to Tokyo, earthquakes, fire, and other forms of destruction
happened first

Rapid urban development creates a problem for the
Shadowlands. Virtually every square foot of the city has
more relics contending for space than can possibly be
preserved, resulting in a healthy black market. In every
neighborhood, there's a constant struggle between natives
concealing goods from the Jade censors and those bureau
crats' efforts at rooting out such contraband. Relics that
survive searches often end up traded to Western wraiths in
exchange for war materiel

Further, as a city in which land is precious, Tokyo
simply lacks space for cemeteries in the Western mode.
Cremation is ubiquitous here. Ashes rest in urns, which are
then lodged in niches inside institutions bearing a certain
resemblance to tube hotels. There are many more spirits
seeking Pathos at any given mausoleum than can possibly
gain access at any one time to the precious stuff. Again,
difficult decisions require resolution

WHO DECIDES?

The primary question confronting each neighbor-
hood is, "Who decides?" Usually the answer is that the
toughest thug, or small band of thugs, beats up anyone who
refuses to take orders and, thereby, becomes de facto leader
of the neighborhood. Force-based authority lasts until
someone stronger comes along — mere days in heavily
contested areas, and years or longer in out-of-the-way parts
of Tokyo. Thagsand bullies must keep a careful eye on new
arrivals to the Shadowlands and cull potential challengers;
they must take care not to earn the ire of powerful forces
based outside the immediate neighborhood. Paying the
Jade Empire's levies may be humiliating, but it's better

than not having power at all

WOMEN AND MEN IN THE SHADOWLANDS

Skinlands Japanese society remains intensely patriar
chal, indeed, outright misogynistic in many ways. It's
changing, slowly and haphazardly, but women's choices
here remain far more constrained than in the West.

In the Shadowlands, however, matters are somewhat
more complex. Two opposing tendencies meet where the
Dead gather.

First, the older Restless staunchly resist every measure
of liberalization, The Dead change their minds more
slowly than the living, as the former remain isolated from

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

sources of persuasion, as well,as being dependent on a
certain fixed image of things for their own identities. In the
face of an increasingly strange society across the Shroud,
they cling to old ways. Thus, wraithly women can end up
with even fewer opportunities than they had in life.
Secondly, in the Shadowlands, form follows perception.
Strong-willed women often gain strong Corpus, just as weak
willed men who were physically powerful in life can be serawny in
death. With Moliate, temporary transformations of infinite vari
ety become possible, but when the effects of Moliate pass,
self-image remains. A significant minority of Shadowlands au
thorities appear in ambiguous or androgynous form, and nobody
can say for sure how many of them are women who've shaped
themselves to take advantage of the opportunities at hand.

NETGHBORHOOD COUNCIL

Fortunate neighborhoods depose their thugs and arrange
acouncil of elders that distills the wishes of the people and the
wisdom of the ancients to arrive at decisions that are at least
traditional, if not always wise, at the present moment. They
also must deal with the Senryo's rapacity, but such panels are
likelier to find loopholes to exploit than any thugs and bullies.

eighborhood councils might care no more about individuals
whose fates they decide, but they tend to be aware of the need
toconservespiritual resources. A neighborhood supply of souls
isa renewable resource, but not instantaneously so.

Some neighborhoods surrender their decision-making au
thority to an external power. General Shi's Territorial
Government staff appoints administrators to evaluate relics,
regulate access to sources of Pathos, resolve disputes and,
otherwise, keep the machinery of local society runningsmoothly.

Neighborhoods that are home to struggles between

Occupation and Resistance forces may end up with no real
stable authority at all. Such unfortunate areas settle things
through chance, short-term bullying or other

or through whatever means may come to hand.

dlership,"

ACCESS 10 PATHOS

If all of the wraiths in a neighborhood congregate at
the local mausoleum at once, the stresses on the Shroud ean
spur supernatural manifestations and attract mortal atten
tion. Much as some wraiths might want this situation to
happen, most agree that such occurrences are typically
inauspicious. But in classic "tragedy of the commons"
fashion, very few wish to sacrifice their own well-being for
the sake of the common good

There are two broad categories of solution

Bullies put guards around the mausoleums within their
claimed jurisdictions and allow in only wraiths who meet
the leaders' criteria. This arrangement is great for wraiths


rj
who enjoy their rulers' favor, but it is not so good for the

they must randomly harvest Pathos and are denied

the strongest, most relevant expressions of emotion by the
living. Thus, bully-dominated neighborhoods usually fea
ture a flush, Pathos-rich minority and a starving, wan
majority. The minority benefiting from this allocation of
resources ustially pitches in to protect itself, though some
members take such advantage for granted until the bal-

r shifts.
solution is to provide access
generally with one schedule for nor
ial schedule for festival

ma rotating
al days and a
holidays, and religious occa
sions. No individual prospers under such a scheme as
bullies' favorites do, but then, no individual suffers as
those who are excluded by neighborhood despots. It is not
an entirely satisfactory compromise, but it works better

than the majority of the alternatives.

(Note that not all bullies set up a permanent

_ underclass and not all elders set up stable schedules of
rotation. Any given solution may occur to any sort of
decision-maker. The pairings here are the most com
mon, but by no means universal.)
A third solution falls somewhere in-between the
other two, or arguably, in a different direction alto

gether. The decision-maker designates an overclass and

7
an underclass, but the composition of each class varies by
week, month or year. When the composition of classes
changes, the assignment of individuals to one class or the
other is usually done by luck — divination, secular game
of chance or some other arbitrary method — rather than
by personal choice of leaders. In most eases, the random
solution produces less discontent than cither of the
alternatives. But like the bully's solution, it means that
many of the ne

and unable t

horhood's inhabitants are Pathos-weak
mount an effective defense
attack from outside

igainst an

PATHOS AND THE RESISTANCE

Tokyo's extreme concentration of Pathos resources
serious problem for the Resistance. In Western

raiths fighting against the ruling power can spread
throughout the city and seek shelter while enjoying access
to Pathos that isalmost as good as what their enemies have.
In Tokyo, that's harder to do. The ambient level of Pathos
is generally usable, but the bright beacons of mausoleums
sthood shares its
mausoleums with the Resistance, there's that much less

stir temptations. However, if a nei;

voing to wraiths who reside in the area. Resistance leaders
usually have to pay steady tribute in relics and Artifacts to

compensate deprived souls for the Pathos harvested

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED


INTHE SUBWAIS

A loose-knit community comprising several thousand
people lives in the Tokyo subways. This community in-
cludes service crews, snack- and newspaper-stand operators,
homeless, drifters, artists, and others seeking shelter from
the elementsabove. This populace has a far larger percent
age of shen than the city at large — one per several
hundred, rather than per thousand or tens of thousands.

Kuci-jin and others who seek to prey on the Subway
People seldom last long. Shen who get shelter in the
subways wish to avoid attracting attention, and many
actually like their neighbors. In a city so full of bland,
generic targets, the subway supernaturals think why ae
tract attention by doing things to the scandal-worthy fringe?

Nezumi flourish among the Subway People. Other
hengeyokai have little patience for or interest in the rat-
changers; the rest of the shen don't know enough about the
Nezumi to care, But the Subway People know their protec-
tors and seek to repay that protection with such favors as
they can manage. It's nota luxurious life, but it's a satisfying
one. The wererats observe the city and gather information
about the activities of the Emerald Mother's enemies. If
other hengeyokai were ever to pay attention down here,
they'd gain a vast wealth of intelligence.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

Beneath the subway tunnels in use lie extensive
air-raid shelters from W.W.IL, along with remnants of
early subway ventures, basements of buildings leveled
in earthquakes, and all the other detritus of a city
repeatedly rebuilt. Few adults ever come here, but
children who live near points of access to the tunnels

find ways in and play in spaces beyond adult supervi

sion. From time to time, subway shen prey on thes¢

young visitors, but such behavior invites unwelcome

adult attention — cleaning up, securing, demolishing,

ete. So, most children who come in go out again unless
they run into mundane dangers, such as gas pockets or
collapsing ceilings

The Wall is weaker in the subways than it is
topside. Except where specifically reinforced — by the
feng shui of Zaibatsu-dominated corporations, for in

the Wall is 1 or

corresponding neighborhooe

stance points lower than in the

ove ground level. The
Japanese people learn not to pay attention to peculiar
manifestations they might sce while riding to home or
work, and over time, most humans simply tune out

such sights altogether


A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A_A A A A

KABUKICHO AND THE GOLDEN GAI

In 1872, the courtesans and geisha establishments within
the city were dissolved. They recongregated in Shinjuku, in
the area known as Kabukicho, and became Japan's largest
center of prostitution until the end of W.W.IL. Although
legitimate theaters that feature performances in the kabuki
style have also sprung up here, this section of Shinjuku has,
for the most part, cultivated its seedier legacy. Discos, dives
and cathouses blanket the area with an aura of unrefined,
cheap pleasure.

Almost all of the fads and alternative crazes that swept
the world at large after 1945 — antiwar movements, free
love, artistic iconoclasm, the drug culture — had their
Japanese debuts here. The mayhem that follows such emo-
tional swells lurks beneath the surface of Kabukicho, and it
has done so for over half of a century.

Golden Gai, or golden town, is a network of alleyways in
east Shinjuku that is wholly dedicated to one of humankind's
most time-honored practices: barhopping. Alley after alley
of storefront bars line the Gai, all with second-story terraces,
and all packed with the Tokyo equivalent of laptop philoso-
phers and Western expatriate wannabes.

SHINJUKU GYOEN

The gardens in east Shinjuku were once the estate of
the local daimyo, whose lands and titles were subsumed into
the Imperial household after the Restoration. Following
the end of the war, the estate opened to the public as a
national park. Shinjuku Gyoen brings together the most
beautiful of both East and West in these gardens. Paths
snake their way through French and English gardens here
that are all linked by rope and stone bridges, fountains, and
serpentine waterways and ponds. There are more than
3,000 different types of flowers and plants within the
Shinjuku Gyoen, and nearly 2,000 cherry blossom trees
representing over 65 different species.

TOKYO METROPOLITAN GOVERNMENT OFFICES

Tokyo's epicenter of high-rise buildings is in west
Shinjuku. Despite the city's less-than-stellar record with
natural disasters, many insiders believe that the skyscrapers
in west Shinjuku are completely quake-proof. The city gov-
ernment hopes so; it moved into a new office park in the
district only a few years ago.

Opened in 1991, the TMG offices cost over 157 billion
yen to construct (an obvious testament to the city's annual
gtoss municipal product). The offices are a three-block
structure, and they house over 13,000 government workers,
The edifice's architect meant for it to invoke a people-
friendly type of building. In Tokyo, however, such sentiment
is hard to effect. The completed TMG complex, with its
world's-biggest-silicon-chip fagade, feels decidedly Fritz Lang-
ish — but not as inviting.

THE YAKUZA

Organized crime in Japan begins and ends with the
Yakuza— the vast underworld network of gangs that controls
huge portions of turf in practically every major city on the
island, including Tokyo. Little connection exists between the
stereotypes of gangs in the Western world and the Y
which hasbeen an integral septed part of Jar
society almost since its inception. Its modern-day incarnation
maintains the atmosphere of dignity and loyalty that marked
the great samurai class.

The origins of the organization mix history and legend
liberally. Some accounts have the Yakuza starting as locally
created volunteer militias that sought to protect small vil-
lages from wandering bandits. Otherstories have itbeginning
as offshoots of the ronin class of unattached
as feudal-era independent gamblers. Re;
the Ya has carved a special place for itself within Japa-
nese society (that of a better class of criminal).

Yaku On the contrary, each
gumi (family) maintains a public office with the gang's
trademark on the door. Members give out business cards and
wear lapel pins to make their allegiances known. The acti
ties of the Yakuza are extraordinarily diverse. It controls the
majority of. 's vice trade: prostitution, porn, gambling,

amurai, or even

a gangs are not secreti

, drugs, extortion and leg-breaking — just a typical day at the

office. But it also has stakes in legitimate businesses, ranging
from street-comer stalls to some of Japan's largest technology
and financial conglomerates.

On the local level, the Yakuza performs a lot of unex-
pected services for neighborhood populations: finding jobs
foran old woman'sson, providing legal advice and aid, acting
as the local (legitimate) loan office, and even publishing
small-circulation newspapers and magazines. The relation-
ship between the Yakuza and the local populace is wrapped
up in the organization's traditional "Robin Hood" image,
which members take pains to keep intact. These
gangs have been known, after a particularly bloody inter-
gang war, to call press conferences to announce the end of
hostilities and to apologize forany inconvenience they might
have caused. Yet this apparent approachability obscures a

g fierce code of loyalty and honor, one thathasbeen inculcated

old rituals.
atthe joint
tion underscore

into every member through intricate, centuri
Storiesof' zamembers cutting off their fingers
for behaving improperly within the orgar
the intensity of member dedicatior
In addition to personal loyalty to the or
self has, in recent years, allied with some of Japan's
ght-wing organizations — groups that want
to see the emperor returned to his rightful seat as the divine
head of Japan. Historically, such factions were the driving
force behind Japan's move into the Fascism and militarism
that started the invasion of China and that led to the
bombing of Pearl Harbor. The coordination between these
groups and the traditional criminal underworld of Japan
continues to produce some of the most egregious examples of
political corruption in the country

anization, the

vvvvvvvvvrvrvrvvvvuwsiyvyiiye

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED

=
4


SHIBUYA

Compared to Shinjuku, the Shibuya District is almost
prim and proper, which is an odd characterization consider-
ing that Shibuya is nearly as crowded and filled with humanity
as its southern cousin. Shibuya is popular for nightlife enter-
tainment of a reserved sort: Upscale malls, department-store
towers and elegant, wood-heavy bars rule here.

NHK BROADCASTING CENTER

The NHK Center at NHK Tenji Plaza, the national
headquarters for Japanese public television, was once the
Information Center for the 1964 Summer Olympics. This
23-story building houses all of the studios for NHK Televi-
sion, as well as a 4,000-seat auditorium that features an
8,000-piece pipe organ. The NHK Hall is designed for opera
and concert performances, and many of Japan's, and the
world's, most celebrated entertainers have held court within
its cavernous space.

YOVOGI SPORTS CENTER AND YOYOGI KOEN

The Yoyogi Sports Center was, like the NHK studios,
originally built for the Olympics. It houses a 15,000-seat
water sports arena and a 4,000-seat basketball court. Across
from the Sports Center is Yoyogi Koen (Yoyogi Park).
During W.W.II and the subsequent occupation, the park
contained Japanese barracks and, later, American ones. In
1964, it became the Olympic Village. After the world left
Tokyo and the flame was extinguished, Yoyogi Koen was
turned into a public park. Hundreds of young people journey
to Yoyogi Koen every Sunday to dance, to hang out, and to
see and be seen by their peers and slightly taken-aback elders.

BAMBO0-SHOOT CHILDREN

On Sundays, Yoyogi Koen attracts hundreds of
youths who are the showy, exhibitionist crowd; their
communal behavior has earned them the nickname of
"bamboo-shoot children" —Japan's answerto the "flower
| children" of 1960s America:

The bamboo-shoot children come to the park to
rebel. Dressed in bargain-shop fashions that have made
the transition from outmoded to outrageous, the chil-
dren find that Yoyogi Koen provides the perfect release
from the pressures of their frenetic lives —to succeed,
to get into a university, to rocket up the corporate
ladder. The mood in the park on any given Sunday is
one of mass collective desperation, as these stressed
youngsters almost struggle to squeeze as much from
their fleeting adolescence as they can. They are not |
always successful; many succumb to the streets, prosti-
tution, drugs or gangs, for the tension between society's
expectations of themand their own personal predilec-
tions is too great to handle.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

LOVE HOTEL HILL

As its name implies, Love Hotel Hill is a warren of side
streets in Shibuya filled with dozens of prostitution houses.
The hill itself is an architectural student's cram session.
Nearly every branch of world architecture, from Gothic
castles to onion-domed mosques, from pagodas to Palladian
mansions, is represented in the "stylings" of these private
establishments. The Hotel Meguro Emperor, the largest and
most famous, is constructed in the manner of a Bavarian
castle, complete with turrets, battlements and crenellations.
Coats-of-arms line the halls inside. With names like "Charm,"
"Edelweiss," "Giant," "Emperor" and even "Air France," the
hotels on this strip cater to every possible taste.

ROPPONGI

This district is the playground of Tokyo, and it's the
place where Orient and Occident cross paths most fre-
quently. It is Tokyo's main club scene, where native and
visiting youth come to thrash, retro, mosh and stage-dive in
ubiquitous multitiered disco houses. By 9:00 P.M., Roppongi
radiates the feeling that every single party person in the city
is packed into its streets. The Zojoji Temple here is home
to the worshipers of Jizo, the patron saint of travelers and
souls of departed children. Many call this juxtaposition a
perfect match.

TOKO TOWER

Built in 1958 as a broadcasting antenna, Tokyo Tower
is modeled after Paris' Eiffel Tower. Yet, it is over 100 feet
taller than its inspiration. Observation decks are situated at
150 and 250 meters up, and the tower itself has an aquarium,
a wax museum and a virtual-reality center at its base.

THE CLUBS

Roppongi used to be a peaceful ward of Tokyo — until
the clubs arrived. Now it is one of the highest rent districts
in the metropolis, due to the proliferation of night spots, bars
and discotheques over the last few decades. The Square
Building is the most famous club complex, with seven dance
halls and karaoke bars jammed into a 10-story building.
Down the street is the Almond, another multistoried pink
building that is a landmark (the location is also known for its
overpriced coffee bar).

More notorious and less savory than the conventional
clubs are the ladies-service bars, which emerged in the late
19th century. The modern incarnation features attractive
foreign women as waitresses and hostesses who do just about
anything to please their customers, depending on the prices
paid. Services range from smiling prettily to sitting on laps to
full-fledged prostitution. The women range from very willing
to all-but-slaves, kept captive by a ruthless boss who holds
their passports, beats them, and cuts deals with the local

police to avoid any inconvenience for himself. Some women
come from Europe and America hoping to earn a nest egg for
future plans (anda handful even succeed), or to escape dreary
lives, or for various other reasons. Most soon want to leave.

The American occupation government made a con-
certed effort to stamp out such establishments but did not
succeed. Ladies service bars laid low for a few years, then
came back stronger than ever in the late 1950s. Many
Japanese, both human and supernatural, find grim satisfac-
tion in humiliating the beauties of the cultures that
devastated Japan.

The Genji like nightclubs. In the hullabaloo of it all,
they observe the cutting-edge of social change and mingle
unnoticed near the spiritually unperceptive. The service bars
in particular give themachance tonotice potentially trouble-
some Westerners. Once in a while, a Western gentleman
with chivalric ambitions tries to make a stir. He is promptly
suppressed. Such provocation is good for uncovering old-
fashioned Westerners; customers who retain these
old-fashioned values may well be old-fashioned, having lived
longer than normal humans.

Service bars can be found along most minor streets in
the Ginza and Roppongi. Helpful flunkies bear signs along
the main streets to direct potential customers.

nyYVvyvVTVYTVvVWwe¥#we$evVVO}W¥vrgw"ivywyiviov

For people who visit clubs in search of genuinely differ-
ent experiences, there are the "metaphysical clubs." In such
establishments, Kuei-jin have things to teach such seekers.

The range of metaphysical clubs is as broad as the range
of the Ten Thousand Things. Few become major successes—
most people don't want quite that much reality in their
escapist entertainment — but some are lasting features of the
social landscape.

For example, Swirl, anightclub just down the block from
Roppongi Station, allows in only 50 customers at a time. Ten
Kuei-jin "work" there, and they mingle with the crowd to
apply the art of Equilibrium and send their customers careen-
ing down the paths of Chi imbalance. The regular clientele
include many of Tokyo's most promising avant-garde artists.

Animation, on the other hand, is a club that the Genji
want to suppress, but it moves in the manner of Western
raves, and its scouts are alert enough to keep customers from
falling into Genji clutches. Its hosts use the Blood Shintai
ability Blood Awakening to animate the furniture in the
night's chosen locale. Depending on the vampires' moods,
the furniture might dance with patrons, scurry around to
avoid being captured, or even attack. There's no predicting
what might happen on any given evening, and the uncer-
tainty is part of the appeal for regular customers. Club

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED


WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKTO

Animation comes to the Ginza only when its hosts find
construction sites they can take over for the evening. Most
nights it must meet in some lower-priced, less chic part of
town. But Ginza nights form the nucleus of Animation
legends. The club's customers generally have no idea of
what's going on, and most assume that what they experience
here is the result of exotic drugs.

Club Rebound's owners are a mix of native Japanese and
Japanese-Filipino immigrants. They share the bond of Flesh
Shintai mastery and entertain the crowds with mood-alter-
ing Lotus Clouds and the thrill of dancing, with someone
literally spread across the room. As with Animation, most
customers assume that the supernatural transformations their
hosts display are mere hallucinations; the rest suspect inge-
nious special effects are at work.

Ghost Flame is a Yakuza bar: Customers must either be
Yakuza members or have invitations to join the organization.
The establishment's managers offer the usual service bar
features but add a floorshow featuring applications of the
Ghost-Flame Shintai. The show sometimes includes uses of
Ghost-Flame as a weapon against rebellious hostesses, which
only increases its appeal to the Yakuza.

LANDMARKS AND OTHER NOTABLE
LOCALES

NARITA AIRPORT

Like many modern airports, Narita lies well outside the
metropolis it serves. A miniature city of offices, shops, hotels
and services caters to the travelers passing through — many
of whom never even get as far from the terminal as Tokyo
proper. Within a few minutes' walk of debarking lie all the
legal pleasures of Japan (and many of the illegal ones).

Strike Force Zero has at least one team working in or
around the airport because Kuei-jin gather thickly here.
Tourists likely know nothing about the threat of Chi har-
vesting. Thus, Kuei-jin who arrange influence with hotels,
video arcades, and other places people come together for
distraction might feed easily.

Most Western supernatural creatures enter Japan through
Narita, so all shen who care about the intruders mount
watches. Whether the shen hope to deal with, feed on, or
simply confuse the foreigners, it is here that the first encoun-
ters typically take place. Careless Western supernaturals do
not leave the vicinity of the airport, at least, not intact.
Narita's nighttime security force maintains complex and
very private records of the supernatural clashes they deal
with. Strike Force Zero supplies airport security with some
advanced weaponry and monitors.


TUUGI TOTO GOKU

Tokyo and environs have many theme parks, from a
branch of Disneyland to parks that enshrine the lives and
settings of famous toy characters. The Friendly Fish and his
neighbors are the star attractions at Yuugi Toto Goku,
Friendly Fish Land. Parades, theme rides, exhibits, and more
all tie into these simplistic little characters with a very
complex backstory.

New Suns Inc., the company that owns the park and
manufactures Friendly Fish merchandise, even publishes
Kaisou Shinbun, "Seaweed Times," which is a weekly newspa-
per covering its characters. Like the papers for Hello Kitty
and other merchandise lines, this one sells right next to other
newspapers at periodical stands.

Several uji composed of young Kuei-jin make their
homes in Friendly Fish Land. They can mingle with the
crowds only during winter, when the days are shortest, but
they find something comforting in being surrounded by
people who radiate a great deal of love and affection. On
occasion, they put on their own midnight pageants for the
pleasure of their peers.

Yin-aspected Kuei-jin havea horrible time in and around
the park (as they do at most of the island's theme parks).
Although a great deal of very careful reasoning went into
such parks' designs, the mortals who patronize them are
anything but rational. Wraiths starved for Pathos would find
it to be a gold mine of positive emotions, but the very cheer
they'd like to feed on raises the Shroud so high that they can't
approach. Conversely, Yang-oriented creatures who don't
need a fix of violence at the moment come to soak up the
atmosphere, and many hsien mingle here.

While wraiths cannot approach the park directly, they
congregate as nearby as they can. They also waft along the
subway lines that link the park with downtown Tokyo to
harvest the Pathos of satisfied families returning home.

THE DRAGON WHO OVERSLEPT

The last major natural disaster to strike at the heart
of the city was the Great Earthquake of 1923. The loss of
life and destruction of property that were its legacies are
still being addressed as this great Asian giant approaches
the end of the millennium. Architecture and construc
dy, and
municipal authorities have labored feverishly to initiate

tion have advanced significantly since the tr
feasible escape plans and disaster networks that they hope
never to have to put into effect. Over the last several
decades, Tokyo has undergone a transformation in its
appearance and infrastructure that can be interpreted
only as the city bracing itself for the worst

Because the worst is coming.

Many in the scientific community say that the worst,
the next major earthquake
had, on aver

is long overdue. Tokyo has

The
ind
s in the collective subconscious of over 20
that tomorrow may prove to be the day

when the dragon finally wakes from its long slumber

1 major earthquake every 60 years
projected d

this fact lir

te of the next one has long since pass
million people

Over spans of time ranging from an hour to several
days,an estimated three million peopleare expected to dic
in the next quake, according to seismologists. The inevi
table fires of Tokyo, the "flowers of Edo," will wreak
incredible amounts of damage on the metropolis. Gas
facilities will burst and loose
thing

Streets will become impass:

mains and chemical storag:

their contents to create conflagrations to surpass at
een in the city's histo
as flames billow everywhere, utterly destroying
abandoned vehicles and street stands as citizens flee
toward official safe areas — assuming that those areas have
not themselves been collapsed by the tremors. Tokyo's
modern skyscrapers will probably survive the destruction
with no more thana few bouts of swaying. Butanythingon
their roofs, including such items as multiton air-condi-
tioning units, will plummet d

whatever is below them.

ns of stories and obliterate

This projected municipal apocalypse will destroy

900

more than 70,000 buildings, flood more than four square

miles of land, ignite more than 3,000 fires, and render

nearly 3.5 million people homeless

The next quake will toll Tokyo's reckoning, for both
mortal and shen populations. Many assume that such an
event will usher in the Sixth Age and possibly bleed the
chaos and pain of the Wicked City, or even the Yomi
Wor
All shen keep this fact in the back of their minds, for they
know that whatever horrors the
there are fé
Tokyo re;

of Sorrow's ineluctable advent, just as eve

into the enormous spaces sundered by the disaster
actual quake unleashes,
worse ones to follow. Every supernatural in
ly ponders with the utmost gravity the Age
shen considers
the role he is likely to play at that fearsome time.

)\ AGED LED LED AE ED) (EE (ET a Mama STD mE, ETN A

CHAPTER TWO: THE CITY DISSECTED



In Middle Kingdom Tokyo, the Restless Dead bedevil the Hungry Dead, who compete with
intruding Western vampires, who struggle to elude the East's unified shapeshifters, who fight to defend
their strongholds from the depredations of shinta, who strive to uncover the secrets of the hsien, who
occasionally enchant mortals for reasons only the fae understand. And each of these groups further
interacts with the others in ways too complicated to detail here. In other words, the living, the dead,
the Awakened and the Enchanted are all points of intersection on the vast, invisible web that covers
Japan's capital city.

They are all Tokyo's secret players.


WRAITHS (AND MORTALS OF THEIR
ACQUAINTANCE)

Japan's Underworld remains part of the Conquered
Territories and, therefore, is under the sway of the Jade
Emperor. Many wraiths here work to undermine Yu Huang's
hegemony. Yet, perhaps even more of Japan's wraiths choose
to collaborate, to work with the invaders and maintain the
status quo...

YON-CHI

Background: One of Japan's most famous historical events
during the shogunate era, the 47 Ronin Incident has risen to
legendary stature among the people. Even today, the
populace reveres the
eponymous group of samu- YA
rai whosacrificed their lives
to avenge their dead lord. A
national holiday commemo-
rates the occasion, thus
reinforcing the importance given
bythe Japanese to loyalty and honor
in the service of another.

Yet, as with so many legends,
reality becomes obscured. Forty-seven \
ronin are remembered in the tale, but
when it was done, only 46 took part and
owned up to their deed. The fate of
the 47th ronin has been ignored, or
glossed over, or forgotten by ev-
eryone who knows the tale.

That is, almost everyone.
In the Jade Kingdom, where
time swallows nothing and no one,
wraiths know the end of the story.
Every so often, those Restless who
dwell in the Conquered Territories
of Japan meet a wandering samu-
rai. His face is forever obscured
by the classical battle helmet
of the shogunate warrior. He
speaks little, and he befriends
no one, so he owes allegiance
tono Circle or family. The people
of the Conquered Territories call
the wraith "Yon-chi," an abbrevia-
tion of yonjushichi, which is Japanese for 47.

Yon-chi is said to have been cursed by the
Yama Kings for his cowardice and disloyalty,
which are two traits that carry disgrace even
into the spirit worlds. His punishment is to wander the spirit
worlds and seek forgiveness from his fellow ronin, whom he
deserted at the moment of reckoning. In addition, Yon-chi

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

"
a P ANOS
BAW

must assist the wraiths of Japan by any and all means at his
disposal. In the Conquered Territories, it means he must
battle the Imperial Reapers and the power of Yu Huang.
Wraiths who fight in resistance groups or those who turn to
the new, otherworldly religions for deliverance from the
hells cross Yon-chi's path occasionally. He appears, gives aid,
and disappears as mysteriously as he came.

And he gives the Reapers hell twice over. Yon-chi is a
samurai, afterall, and he's had nearly three centuries to refine
the arts of battle. Any resistance group would give everything
to have him in its camp ona regular basis. The Jade Emperor
would likewise give anything for the dead warrior's services,
or failing that, anything for his head. Yon-chi wants nothing
to do with any of these groups, however. He belongs to the
pain of the Yama Kings and to his duties to his fallen brethren

— the way of the loner and mercenary.
Simply put, Yon-chi is a samurai. He
is always seen garbed in the full
samurai's costume, with the
traditional battle helmet
obscuring his face, ex-
? cept for his eyes. His
eyes are those of one who
knows far too much pain
and who knows that he is
, the cause of all of it.

Roleplaying Hints: You
have been traveling the Con-
quered Territories long enough
to know every conceivable tra-
vail. Say only what needs tobe said
to individuals whom you encoun-
ter;giveonly the help thatisneeded,
then move on. Your primary goal is

balancing your own account.
Haunt: Yon-chifrequentsthe
temple at Sengakuji, where his

ar}
W A, N of a lot, and it is his course to

\\
\s remember all of it. Getting him to
divulge any useful information,
however, is easier said than
done.

Influence: As with any
comparable figure of his kind,
Yon-chi's influence is
more larger-than-life

legend than any-

) thing else.

Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Driven
Physical: Strength 6,

Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

yy 5

N

WW ty ty master and brethren are interred.
Gee N Secrets: Yon-chi has seen a hell
\

Be

\

\\
ie


Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 4, Dodge 5, Expression 3, Search

3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Ancient Weapons 6, Disguise 3, Martial Arts 6,

Melee 4, Stealth 5

Knowledges: Area Knowledge 4, Enigmas 4, M
Science 5, Occult 2, Philosophy 3

Backgrounds: Artifact (Yon-chi's katana) 5, Eido!
Legacy 4, Memoriam 4, Notoriety 4

Passions: Make amends for cowardice (Restitution) 5,

Assist Japanese wraiths against the Jade Empire
(Help) 4

Arcanoi: Argos 4, Fatalism 3, Outrage 4, Way of
the Soul 3

Fetters: His gravesite 5, Sengakuji Temple 4
Willpower: 9

Pathos: 8

Shadow: The Perfectionist

Angst: 6

Thorns: Aura of Corruption, Infamy
Dark Passions: Disregard your duty and
embrace Oblivion (Despair) 5, Surren-
der to the Jade Emperor (Treachery) 4 [3

LIEUTENANT COLONEL DANFORTH
DEVEREAUX

Background: Dan Devereaux led \.
his men through some of the bloodiest
firefights in the Pacific theater during World
Warll. He lost more than half of his men in
seemingly interminable conflict, men
whomhe had trained and disciplined
himself, men whom he had come
to call his own sons. When
the war ended, Devereaux
requested assignment
with the Tokyo
War Crimes Com-
mission as a researcher and interrogator. He presided
over hundreds of private prison-house sessions, during
whichhe questioned, browbeatand abused captive mem-
bers of the Japanese military as revenge for the slaughter
of his men.

To Devereaux, stationed with the American occu-
pation forces in Tokyo at the time, his men had died for
no good reason. He made it his singular duty to procure
the justice that had been denied his fallen men. The
American authorities, however, were more concerned
with the specter of Communism possibly engulfing the
defeated nation, so they absolved many of the worst war

criminals in order to have native forces to cast against the
encroaching Red hordes.

Devereaux ruled his section of Tokyo with a despotic flair.
He clamped down on the black marketeers whenever he could,
rounding up prostitutes and roughing up back-alley merchants,
whom Devereaux constantly accused of hiding his platoon's
killers. He quickly gained a reputation for brutal caprice and the
nickname "the blond devil." His focus on revenge blinded

ilitary Devereaux to any exercise of restraint. It fostered a feeling of
entitlement within him that he could control every single
lon 3, aspect of these people's lives. One night, while "interrogating"

a teenage prostitute in an upper room in the Yurakucho,
Devereaux lost control and beat her to a bloody, lifeless pulp.

The walls began to close in on Devereaux soon after that.
A court martial found him (barely) not guilty, but it was the
YF, beginning ofthe end for the officer. Two weeks later, Lt. Col.
Danforth Devereaux got his throat cut inaside
street in the Golden Gai District. Everyone
involved — even his American superiors —
breathed a collective sigh of relief.

Imperial Reapers took Devereaux after his
entry intothe JadeEmpire. Learning of thesoldier's
/ \ atea knowledge during his lifetime, General Shi
Leong of the Imperial forces decided that the
American would be incredibly useful asacontact

and collaborator in the still-chaotic streets of
i occupied Tokyo. Devereaux now carries on
where he left off during his postwar days in the
capital. Yet, unlike the-U.S. Army, Shi Leong
couldn't care less about how Devereaux gets his
job done, or about how many necks he has to break
in the process. For Devereaux, it is a chance to
resume the twisted path on his way to some sort of
closure. For the wraiths of Tokyo, all that matters
is that the blond devil is back.

Image: Danforth Devereaux is the son Gen-
eral Patton wished he'd had. Standing six-four,
his whitish-blond hair is close-cropped in a regu-
lation buzzcut. He wears his dress grays festooned
with campaign ribbons. A pair of mirrored sun-
glasses hides his eyes — supposedly the last set of
eyes any wraith wants to trade gazes with.
Devereaux carries a working sidearm and a riding
crop, and he uses both with alarming regularity.

Roleplaying Hints: As far as you are concerned,
the only thinga Jap isgood for isbeingapaperweighton
your desk. Press on with your assignments from your
superiors; you are confident that sooner or later you'll
get the SOBs who murdered your men, and you'll make
thempay. Yourmen would wantit that way. And ifyou
have todeal withsome Chinaman fora superior officer
toget the job done, so be it. Improvisation is the name
game in these parts.

Haunt: Devereaux quarters himself in
the old Imperial Hotel, home to
> the Imperial Occupation forces.

Ad ofthe

ww

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


Secrets: None.
Influence: None.
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Bravo
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 4,
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 4, Leadership 3, Melee 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 2, Investigation 3, Law 3,
Linguistics 1, Medicine 1

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Notoriety 4
Passions: Avenge his men (Vengeance) 5, Serve
the Jade Emperor (Duty) 3

Arcanoi: Mnemosynis 4, Outrage 2
Fetters: The alley in the Golden Gai 5
Willpower: 9

Pathos: 7

Shadow: The Rager

Angst: 6

Thorns: Death's Sigil, Tainted Relic
(riding crop)
Dark Passions: Lead Spectres into Oc-
cupied Tokyo and wreak havoc
(Destruction) 4, Destroy self to re- ff
unite with fallen men (Despair) 4

WILLIAM "YANKEE BILL" PRINE

NORIOSEMI "MAMA" PRINE

Background: William Mather Prine, the
scion ofan old Boston Brahmin family, gradu-
ated from Harvard Business School with a
Ph.D. in international finance and fluency in
Japanese. His career as an international con-
sultant fora top investment firm in Boston made
Prineamillionaire by the age of 35. Hisspecialty
was acting as a liaison between Japanese and
Western firms, a sphere in which he built up an
impressive client base and extensive networks
of contacts in real estate and currency futures.
It wasn't long before the board members.
presented Prine with the opportunity tohead
up the firm's Tokyo division — an appoint-
ment he quickly accepted. As a Westerner
in Asia, Prine went through the usual bouts
of culture shock, but his background helped
him weather them better than most.
Through a Tokyo division subsidiary, he
met a woman, Nori Osemi. They fell in

love and were married within the "KP

On his 40th birthday, William Prine did what many people
only dream of doing — he retired. He resigned from the firm,
took his personal bankroll and, with Nori, bought part owner-
ship ofaRoppongi District nightclubcalled"The 48th." William
was an instant hit with the club's clientele. His command of the
japanese language and culture earned him the nickname "Yan-
kee Bill." Nori worked as the club's entertainment director, and
The 48th soon caught the fancy of the entire city.

Eventually, it also caught the attention of some Yakuza,
who approached William, now majority owner of the club.
The gangsters demanded a piece of the action, but the
American rebuffed every offer they made. The head of the

ZX family, Yoshida Ozaki, made it clear that the couple would

sell a stake in The 48th to Ozaki's organization. The dance
went on for months, and the Prines refused to give an inch.
One night, an unknown assailant stabbed Nori Prine todeath
in an alley behind the club. William was devastated. The
Police investigated every lead, including William's re-
cent underworld visitors, and concluded that Nori
was the victim of a random mugging. Despondent
over the loss of his wife, he sold a controlling
interest in The 48th to Yoshida Ozaki. He re-
mained managing partner in the club, but he'd
lost his wunderkind entrepreneurial fire.

Nori emerged from the vicious attack in
the cramped streets of conquered Tokyo. Her
‘mM Caul was taken by a gang of Renegades that

was gleaning the streets of new souls to save

them from the Imperial Reapers. Adapting
quickly to the free-for-all of the al city,

Nori stayed with the Renegade band as a con-
tact in one of the Roppongi's neutral clubs. Acting
as an information broker, she became known to
many who had dealings with her as "Mama" Prine.
The 48th became a Yakuza enterprise and
changed from an upscale entertainment club to
asimple upscale prostitution and gambling estab-
lishment. William detests the presence of people

like Ozaki in The 48th, but there is little he can do
about it. He is convinced that the gangster had
Nori murdered, and he constantly searches for
proof of that fact. Nori, meanwhile, has immersed
herself in the middle of conquered Tokyo. She
plays all sides in her role as a buyer and seller of
information; her position is too valuable for any
side in the conflict to double-cross her, or for the

ever-frantic Reapers to collect her. Nori con-

stantly seeks to contact her surviving husband,

and she has found a providential ally in Emiko

sat The 48th and has a gift

world. William has also

noticed Emiko's talents, and he regularly appeals

to her for word from his dead wife, for news of her
safety and the identity of her killers.

a avs

Kodano. Emiko worl
( for seeing into Nor

vvvyvyvpevyey
50 WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

vvvvrvrvvey


Images: William Prine is in his late 40s, Ivy League- STATS: NORIOSEMIPRINE
lean, with salt-and-pepper hair and cobalt eyes. His facial Rodeolavtne Pinter. Youshave; been f A
features droop ever so slightly in a perpetual mourning for his abili ©P ae 8 a a Ie a i hice i ei
dead wife. He also drinks too much, which is a weakness rae faa onions peried Sila ee
tevealed by the blood vessels around his patrician nose. tiers Ss Hrnes meal, oe ae =
Acthe end of her life, Nori Osemi Prine is33, with long, it formation broker, though valuable, remains rem Ey
jet-black hair and striking green eyes. In death, she wears the cially Scrieh Ion rial a wile nicki eV eran i a
practical business suit and corporate heels in which she met aa she ork. Th = soi rae is end seals = ae ts
her demise. Nori is pretty despite the multiple knife wounds forms ete you feanens of your reat ‘and ey
that scar her Corpus. are willing to do anything to regain contact with William. Be
careful about whom you share this information with, though.
Haunt: An old "love hotel" and nightclub in

STATS: WILLIAM PRINE

Roleplaying Hints: Ozaki's presence in what DY) the Roppongi, in the shadow of The 48th.
was once your club is the most egregious insult Secrets: "Mama" Prine i seems to
to you. You discreetly fixate on obtaining know most of the se- crets that
proof of his complicity in Nori's murder. A cross her
Although you cannot be dissuaded from path in occupied
this course, Ozaki's aura makes you un- . Tokyo, and she is
comfortable in its... otherworldliness. willing to sell any of them
Tread surely but lightly around him and for the right price.

his lieutenants.

Secrets: None.

Influence: "Yankee Bill" still
has many contacts within the in-
ternational _ business
community and is well-
respected by all of them. He
regularly accepts invitations
from municipal leaders to
consult on fiscal projects,
and he's always willing to
keep his hand in the
game — mostly to take
his mind off his wife.
Nature: Driven
Demeanor: Conformist
Physical: Strength 3,
Dexterity 3, Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 5,
Manipulation 5, Ap-
pearance 4

Influence: None.
Nature: Caregiver
Demeanor: Mediator
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appear-
ance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Awareness 2, Empathy 3, Expres-
sion 3, Guile 2, Intrigue 3, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 3, Leadership 2, Medita-
tion 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Area Knowledge 5, Bureau-
cracy 2, Computer 2, Finance 4, Linguistics
2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Memo-
riam 1, Notoriety 2, Status 4
Passions: Watch over William (Love) 5,
Assist wraiths against the Jade Emperor
(Loyalty) 3
\ Arcanoi: Fatalism 2, Keening3, Phantasm 1,
Mental: Perception 4, In- Way of the Merchant 3
telligence 6, Wits 5 Fetters: William Prine 5, the alley where she
Talents: Alertness 3, Athlet: was murdered 4
ics 3, Empathy 3, Expression Willpower: 7
5, Intimidation 4, Streetwise 2 Pathos: 7
Skills: Drive 3, Etiquette 5, Fire- 9 Shadow: The Parent
arms 1, Leadership 5, Technology Angst: 5
3 Thorns: Dark Allies, Pact of Doom, Freudian Slip
Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Computer 3, Finance 6, Law Dark Passions: Kill William and have him join you
3, Linguistics 3, Politics 4 in Occupied Tokyo (Hate) 4, Sell out your wraith
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Status 5 allies to the Jade Emperor (Treachery) 3
Numina: True Faith 4 (representing his conviction in
himself)

FYYIS

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


EMIKO KODANO

Background: Emiko Kodano moved arounda lot while she
was growing up. Her parents were members of a religious cult,
the Wandering Star. The cult spent its time roaming the main
island of Honshu. The leader of the cult, a grinning snake who
called himself the Wandering Star, led his followers on intermi-
nable "pilgrimages" throughout the wildernesses of rural Japan.
They barely lived off the land and the charity of the towns they
serially skirted. Star's teachings, if they could be called such,
consisted of much this-and-that about tapping the "inner sight"
of one's soul through meditation and ritual purification.

When Emiko was 11, the Star chose her mother to
be part of his "entourage." Soon after that, Emiko's
father left the cult — a couple of the Star's retainers
simply escorted him off into the wilderness one night.
His body was never found. Emiko rarely saw her
mother after that. Every year within the cultmade the
child more insular. Eventually, the Star's "family"
settled down and moved into a long-abandoned
Shinto shrine on the outskirts of Tokyo.

Theatmosphere changed drastically there-
after. Pilgrimages stopped; in fact, no one was
permitted to leave the premises. No commu-
nication with the outside world took place.
As with so many organizations of its type, the
cult became a prison. Emiko eked out her
meager existence in the haggard ranks of
the cultists. On the eve of her 18th
birthday, her surrogate mother and
fathercametoherandbrokethehappy
news: The Star had chosen Emiko to
be the next member of his entourage. The occa-
sion of her birthday would be her official entrance
into his inner sanctum.

Emiko slept fitfully that night. She lay in bed
and stared at the ceiling, hoping herself sick to
hear a comforting voice. And then, out of no- ®
where, her father's voice called to Emiko. He told
her what the Wandering Star had done to him, P
and to Emiko's mother. And he demanded re- |g
venge. The next evening, Emiko sat with the cult
leader in his lush quarters. He told her of the
presence of her inner sight and the transcendence
of living with him. He spoke again and again about
the glory of becoming one with the Star...

He never got past his self-aggrandizing repeti-
tion. Emiko leaped up and stabbed the cult leader
in the throat with a knife she had stolen from the
kitchen. She bolted from the shrine and through
thestreets of the little neighborhood. She pushed through
the labyrinth of the city and stuck to the shadows.
Constantly looking behind her for pursuers, Emiko
finally collapsed on the front stoop of a Roppongi
District club — The 48th. The club's manager
was an American man who saw that Emiko had ¢

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

been through the fright of her life. Unwilling to leave her to
the streets, he took her in and gave her a job in the counting
room. Emiko became quite astute at her work, and she
graduated to running the books for the friendly American,
whom everyone called "Yankee Bill."

But Emiko couldn't shake what had happened that one
night. She began to hear her father again and even to see a
shadowy wisp of him on occasion. It didn't stop there. Other
voices and apparitions appeared to Emiko; many were of
people she had never seen before. Emiko, through her frag-
mentary hallucinations, soon entered a crazed realm of ghosts,
unholy creatures and twisting buildings spiraling upward
into nothingness. Emiko had found her inner sight.
And she would have given anything to be rid of it.

j Emiko Kodano has grown up in The 48th and

A tried to live out something like anormal life. Over the
years, she has learned to control her inner sight and
been persuaded to act asa fortuneteller for entertain-
ment. Yankee Bill Prine has been exceptionally
generous to her, and for good reason: He knows of
Emiko's powers and hopes that she can help him
4 contact his dead wife someday.

Image: Emiko Kodano is in her late 20s, tall
and thin with long black hair and rich, brown
eyes. She dresses elegantly and occasionally
carries herself with*more than a little self-
consciousness. As young as she is, Emiko is
} quick-witted and very aware of the effect she

has on men.

Roleplaying Hints: You grew up closed off
from the real world for most of your life, and you are
trying desperately to catch up on life's lessons,
which is a disadvantage that makes you prone to
bouts of naiveté. Despite this handicap, however,
you are aware of the twin assets of your analytical

mind and your innate sexuality. Use both of them
to your fullest benefit. As for your other talent, use
it sparingly, especially around Yankee Bill. He
may have your best interests at heart, but you've
grown up in an atmosphere too empty to put your
trust wholly in anyone.
Nature: Child
Demeanor: Child
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appear-
ance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Empathy 3, Expression 3, Normalcy 2,
Spiritual Awareness 4, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Body Reading 2, Drive 2, Etiquette 2,
Survival 2
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Medicine 1, Occult 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Mentor (Prine) 2,
Resources 2
Numina: Psychic Abilities 3


KUEI-JIN

Vampires indigenous to the East were once known
throughout Japan as gaki or ketsuki. Today, in the interest of
presenting a (wholly false) unified front to the encroaching
Kindred, many use the artificial "Kuei-jin" label to distin-
guish themselves and other "proper" vampires from the
Western barbarians. Although the issue may seem pica-
yune, it inspires strong feelings among some Japanese
vampires, many of whom felt superior to outsiders even
before drawing the Second Breath. It's not unusual for
fights to blossom over this topic among less temperate Kuei-
jin (away from Kindred eyes, of course). Ancestors and
other elders frown on such fractious behavior, however,
and punish it severely. Gathered elders are slightly
more civil about the matter but are arguably
more contemptuous of the fabricated term
— in their own subtle ways, naturally.

HAKARI

Hakari, the current Bishamon an-
cestor, has been influential in the uji
since the Tokugawa shogunate. In this
century, he has observed the trans-
formation of Japan from a
defeated and physically oblit-
erated nation to a world
superpower at the
millennium's close. He
hasseen everything from
earthquakes to war to
whirlwind technologi-
cal change during the
span of his unlife,
and he agrees with
very little of it.
Hakari is from the old
guard of Kuei-jin,
those factions
that pride them-
selves on their

Yin

Tm

\ i
NOT (eNULLL LULL ?

of his close advisors, given the samurai's natural affin-
ity for strategy and his ironclad loyalty in the service
of his feudal lord. Hakari soon became one of leyasu's
most cherished ministers, and many times was the
only person with whom Ieyasu communicated on im-
portant matters.

Hakari committed seppuku upon the death of
Ieyasu, according to the custom of the time. He spent
his kéa in close communion with other shen and super-
natural forces of the island as he learned the intricacies
of the several spirit realms. During this self-imposed
asceticism, Hakari dedicated his second existence to
the perpetual service of the shogunate. He returned to
Edo during the reign of Tsunayoshi, the "dog shogun,"
and insinuated himself back into the leader's house-
hold under the guise of a gardener for the
shogun's vast estates.

Fearful of drawing attention to him-
self, Hakari kept to the shadows and
botanical houses during the daylight hours,
when he would provide a sympathetic ear
to the shogun. At night, he visited
Tsunayoshi in the shogun's
quarters for a private audi-
ence. It was not long
before Hakari at-
tracted the
attention of other
Kuei-jin, who
were affronted at
such a compara-
tive upstart
having access to
the shogun, battle
hero or not. One
night, a small

group of
. vampires de-
y cided to
te a ch
Hakariales-

i
| 44
i;

fealty to the
ancient
Dharmas and
that lament the
Westernization
which has gripped a sig-

nificant percentage of young
Kuei-jin ever since the surrender in 1945.

In his mortal life, Hakari was a samurai who dis-
tinguished himself during the Battle of Sekigahara
through his masterful leadership as a lieutenant along-
side the great Tokugawa Ieyasu. When Ieyasu acceded
to the shogunate, he personally chose Hakari to be one

son and set
upon himas he
made his way to
an audience with
Tsunayoshi. They
sorely underestimated the old samurai and were
never heard from again. Word soon' spread throughout
Edo's Kuei-jin community that the newcomer had made
clear exactly who had the shogun's attention.

Hakari continued to play the role of eminence gris in
Edo Castle throughout the reign of Tsunayoshi and his
descendants. When the shogunate fell in 1868, and
Japan was officially opened to foreigners, Hakari's once-
resented role within the Imperial Palace came to be seen

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


as vital in determining the country's new direction with
regard to the outside world. The course of the next few
decades induced a steadily mounting panic among many
Kuei-jin wu in the nation's new capital, as the city
shifted further out of native Japanese control (and Kuei-
jin influence).

Throughout all of this confusion, Hakari bided his
time. He took care not to anger any of the Kuei-jin
factions fighting over the island's Chi deposits and spiri-
tually pure sites. The horrors of the war, the bombings of
Hiroshima and Nagasaki, and the devastation of the
capital proved to many that the presiding ancestor no
longer possessed the Mandate of Hell required to govern
the rubbled metropolis. The time had come to choose a
successor who would save the city.

Several factions emerged from the smoke and ashes
of the surrender, and each put up candidates who were
then deemed unacceptable by the others. It was the
moment Hakari had been waiting for. He stepped for-
ward and offered to take the position of ancestor for as
long as was necessary to restore the city to its former
glory and health. After careful deliberation among
their respective bodies, Hakari was chosen as ancestor
of Tokyo.

Hakari has held this position for the last 50 years. He
enjoys the unparalleled distinction of being the one can-
didate that each of the major factions tolerates. The Old
Imperials, longing for the "good old days" of the shogun,
see Hakari's connection to the Tokugawa clan as evidence
of his holding the Mandate of Hell. The Haniwa regard
Hakari as an able protector of the capital's secrets and
relics, whereas the New Imperials believe that Hakari's
longevity acts as a line between Earth and Heaven (just as
they regard Emperor Akihito as a suitable stopgap while a
true son of Japan is being located).

Hakari is content to let these groups debate among
themselves. His sole concern is in facing the Sixth Age.
Tokyo's ancestor maintains his court within the seclu-
sion of the Imperial Palace. He prefers to let his
right-hand man, Yoshida Ozaki, take care of affairs at
street level. And Ozaki does so with unnerving effi-
ciency. The present state of Western vampires within
the capital has never sat well with Hakari, but the
seduction of young Genji to corrupt Occidental ways
especially infuriates him. Hakari blames such young
Turks for the decay that beckons the Sixth Age. Ru-
mors of a quick, Ozaki-led purge have arisen, but such
tales have circulated for years. However, the fact that
these stories are little more than rumor does not pre-
clude the possibility of them coming true someday.

Image: Hakari is short and compact, about five-
nine, with long straight gray hair and a thin, drooping
mustache. In his guise as a gardener, Hakari dresses in
drab work-clothes, which he dons while working in the

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

grottos and other sun-shielded portions of the palace
gardens. For his appearances as ancestor, however, Hakari
is always decked out in his ceremonial warrior's garb,
which evokes potent images of the fire that still courses
through his being.

Roleplaying Hints: You have been present at the
island's greatest changes in the modern era, and you have
developed your own inflexible opinions about the rela-
tive benefit of Japan's modernization. Your own feelings
are not completely congruent with ones of the various
groups vying for control over Tokyo's Kuei-jin popula-
tions; however, you understand the importance of
appearing neutral toward each group concerned (if you
are to rule with their support — or at least without their
opposition). Make no mistake, though — you act swiftly
if there is a chance of the gaijin getting the upper hand in
any part of the city.

Haven: The Imperial Palace's private quarters, unseen
by mortals for all but two days of the year, are Hakari's
dwelling place.

Secrets: As ancestor, Hakari is in close contact with his
coevals around the island, and he remains the guiding force
behind any island-wide policies regarding the mixing of
Kuei-jin and Kin-jin.

Influence: Hakari enjoys considerable influence and
de facto control over those Kitei-jin who acknowledge his
authority as ancestor. In addition, through his right-hand
man, Yoshida Ozaki, Hakari also has pull with the mortal
population.

Nature: Traditionalist

P'o Nature: The Barbarian

Demeanor: Director

Chi Balance: Yin

Direction: North

Dharma: Path of a Thousand Whispers 7

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 6, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Expression 4, Intimi-
dation 3, Leadership 4, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Crafts 3, Etiquette 5, Martial Arts 6,
Meditation 4, Melee 4

Knowledges: Bureaucracy 4, Linguistics 3, Occult 4, Politics
4, Rituals 5

Disciplines: Cultivation 4, Equilibrium 5, Internalize 4,
Tapestry 4, Yang Prana 1, Yin Prana 3

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 2, Horoscope 2, Rites 3

Chi Virtues: Yin 5, Yang 3

Soul Virtues: Hun 4, P'o 2

Willpower: 8

YOSHIDA "COUSIN" OZAKI x Boleviering Hints: Alton you reap the shri ben-

Background: Cousin Ozaki is the leader of the Silk © usta Ea ee eee oon Eee oo wenn 28 BO
Tiger clan, which is among the largest Yakuza families in the Habe Nou Pole oe a oe che ethan, pigs Seno
capital. He is also the eyes and ears of Hakari and serves his deed inh odes calc sie Tecik fc Hill The:
lord with a zealotry unparalleled in Middle Kingdom Japan. ee ie eit rl Sickel ei te is seats ae

Oraki's loyalty o Hakariis ironclad. Theirsisarelation- Joint where his policies conflict with your own caganization'
ship that grew from the junior Kuei-jin's quest to purge the goals. This dichotomy doesn't sit well with some of your
personal demons lingering from his past life. As a young lieutenants, however, and the potential for internal strife in the

soldier in the Imperial guard, Ozaki took his duties very Silk Tiger clan is bubbling up to the surface.

Haven: Ozaki splits his time between the Silk Tiger
clan's offices in the Golden Gai District and his newfound
piece of turf, The 48th, in the Roppongi.

seriously. He was sent to Ueno Hill on the day Edo fell and
thrown into the heat of battle. His first kill was an older
shogitai, whom Ozaki shot in the chest at point-blank range.
Ozaki and the emperor's forces won the day, but it left him
unfulfilled. The sight of the classic warrior, armed only with
the traditional katana, attacking the better-equipped
Ozaki seemed vulgar, matter-of-fact — wrong.
The more Ozaki dwelled on what transpired
that day, the less honorable he felt about the battle.
It began to consume him until he was over-
whelmed with shame. He went to the Ueno
Hill graves commemorating the battle, took
out his sword (whichhadbeenreducedto
asimple wall ornament) and committed fff
seppuku. It was the only way to balance /
the deed he had done.

Secrets: Apart from being privy
to many of Hakari's plans, Ozaki is
also up-to-date on many of Tokyo's
vices — after all, he provides most
of them.

Influence: As chieftain, Ozaki reaps
\ the benefits of the quasi-mystical role

that the Yakuza plays in Japanese soci-
ety. He also acts as the voice of Hakari
outside the walls of the Imperial Pal-
WK, ace. If an order comes from Ozaki,
it's considered to come from the
ancestor himself.
Nature: Architect
P'o Nature: The Slave
Demeanor: Fanatic
Chi Balance: Yang
Direction: East
Dharma: Devil Tiger 6
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 5,
Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3,

Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Intimidation 5, Leadership 3,
Streetwise 5

Skills: Drive 3, Firearms 3, Martial Arts
4, Melee 4, Stealth 4

Knowledges: Finance 2, Law 3, Linguis-
tics 2, Politics 3, Rituals 1, Torture 3
Disciplines: Black Wind 2, Demon
Shintai 2, Ghost-Flame Shintai 4, Equi-
librium 2, Yang Prana 3, Yin Prana 1
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Jade
Talisman 2, Mentor (Hakari) 5, Rites 1

Chi Virtues: Yin 4, Yang 5
Soul Virtues: Hun 2, P'o 4

dom and his linking with Hakari have
cemented a complementary working ¢
relationship. His rise to the status of a
major player in the Tokyo under-
world allows Ozaki unlimited access
to the typically shadow-cloaked Y
places frequented by Kindred and
Kuei-jin. Ozaki also owns a con-
trolling interest in The 48th
nightclub, which is a major node
of information at the heart of 4
the illicit dealings that tran-
spire in the metropolis. Ozaki
isademonic bastard, butheis §
also a reasonable business-
man, like any of his fellow
Yakuza. He is as much a
part of the give-and-take
between the law and the place of
the mob in Japanese society. But Ozaki
has a far more important agenda in op-
eration, and he means toaccomplish itby any meansnecessary.
Image: Ozaki is the epitome of the successful Yakuza
chief. He stands six-two with coarse, spiky black hair and ice-
blue eyes (thanks to contact lenses). He dresses in dark,
muted colors and often wears an ankle-length olive trench
coat, both to give the illusion of more height and to
conceal any number of lethal instruments on his person.

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


HIRO TAGANA

Background: From a very early age, Hiro Tagana was
fascinated by show business. His father was a prominent
player in the National Theatre company, and Hiro grew up
envisioning himself following in his father's footsteps. The
requirements for Tokyo's most exclusive drama school,
though, were prohibitively high. Being a legacy guaranteed
Hiro nothing.

Hiro steeled himself for the highly selective entrance
exams. He sacrificed meals and sleep as he pushed himself to
come out on top. Hiro was accepted. The examination
committee saw potential for the younger Tagana to become
one of Japan's most respected thespians.

Yet the pressure to succeed, both from his father and the
school, led Hiro to take some unsavory shortcuts. He
started using amphetamines to keep up with his stud-
ies, but that route resulted in diminishing returns for
Hiro — as well as an addiction. One night a guard
caught Hiro searching the office of an instructor for
the questions from an upcoming exam. The drama
school and Hiro's father were furious. Hiro's dismissal
from the academy followed shortly thereafter,
andhis father officially disowned him, throw-
ing Hiro into the street.

With no home, no job and a growing
addiction, Hiro was desperate to find
some sort of income. He drifted from
one bit-part to the next, in plays no
one had ever heard of. His addic-
tion became too much for even
the most liberal playhouses to tol-
erate, and even tiny, slapdash
production companies refused to
let him audition.

Hiro drifted into a bosozoku,
one of the many motorcycle
gangs that claimed turf in the me-
tropolis. The gang Hiro chose was a
low-level pipeline fora Yakuza fam-
ily, whose oyabun found use for
Hiro as a bagman. On his
job, Hiro decided tomake
own and he skimmed
off the top before
He ended up
Tokyo Bay.

The chieftain, "Cousin" Ozaki, was impressed by the
sheer fact that Hiro had returned at all. The mobster offered
the fledgling vampire a second chance. During the time of
Hiro's kéa, the fallen performer would be able to live out his
dream. Ozaki had a lot of pull with the Japanese filmmaking
industry, and he paved Hiro's way to stardom. His movies,
the Dusk Walker series of action-adventures, have made him
acult sensation and have plastered his face on billboards and
kiosks all over Tokyo. But fame has come at a price; Ozaki
uses Hiro to smuggle contraband, which is a dodge that
becomes ever more difficult as Hiro's fame increases. The
danger of detection is foremost in Hiro's mind, almost more
so than the fear of Ozaki's retribution.
Image: Hiro Tagana is medium height with a bushy mass
of hair and a slightly rounded face. He dresses in dark
jeans, black T-shirt and black motorcycle jacket,
and he carries a special metal fighting staff
(his Dusk Walker character's trade-
mark weapon of choice), which can
be telescoped to fit under the jacket.
Roleplaying Hints: You are caught in
a sort of limbo between your personal
ambitions and your debt to Cousin
Although you revel in the
fame you receive from your (ad-
mittedly trumped-up) film career,
you are very aware of Ozaki's over-
sight of practically every move you
make. The tightrope you reluctantly
walk between Ozaki and the entice-
ments of the mortal world makes the
struggle to maintain your stability diffi-
cult. This struggle can lead to slip-ups,
such as outbursts in public or on the set,
or more dangerously, an imbalance of Chi. In
addition to these issues is the question of
your future, and whether once your kéa is
completed, Ozaki will expect your loy-
alty in perpetuity.

Haven: Hiro resides in a pent-
house apartment in the Kabukicho
section of the Shinjuku District. It is
a home magnanimously provided for
him by Yoshida Ozaki.

Secrets: None.

Influence: Very little out-
side the entertainment industry.
Nature: Loner

P'o Nature: The Deceiver
Demeanor: Bon Vivant

Chi Balance: Yang
Direction: South
Dharma: Resplendent
Crane 3

first
a score of his
a percentage

closing the deal.
at the bottom of

out of the murk and found him-
self on the shores of the Sumida
River. He fell upon an unlucky
midnight joggerand slashed her throat
to drain her Chi. Then Hiro went to
clear his debts with the Yakuza
chieftain.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO


Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3 Chinaand the return of Hong Kong to Chinese control, Varrick

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3 had free reign over arguably the most Westernized metropolis in
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3 Asia. And if he succeeded in taking Tokyo...

Talents: Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3, Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 2 Varrickreached the Japanese capital in late 1993. He promptly
Skills: Drive 2, Firearms 2, Martial Arts 3, Melee 3, Perfor- went to work, under the cover of the Tokyo offices for a London
mance 4, Stealth 3 import company. From this position, which financed a lucrative
Knowledges: Computer 1, Law 1, Occult 2, Politics 1 smuggling trade of drugs and other contraband, Varrick funneled
Disciplines: Black Wind 3, Yang Prana 3, Yin Prana 2 great amounts of stolen goods into the many markets dotting the

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 2, Horoscope 1, Nushi 1 city. He made the right contacts and greased all the right palms and
Chi Virtues: Yin 2, Yang 3 let every single Western Kindred know who the new boss was.
Soul Virtues: Hun 2, Po 1 Four years passed, and the situation had altered signifi-
Willpower: 6 GR cantly. Varrick's contacts disappeared. The local Yakuza gangs
a §) ate away at more and more of his turf. The Eastern vampires
KINDRED began to undercut Varrick's power base. The Tremere worked
feverishly to stanch the bleeding in his piece of the city,
As is the case in any Asian metropolis, Kin- but only so much can be accomplished during the
dred in Tokyo exist here largely at the sufferance night hours, even in Tokyo.
of the city's Kuei-jin. While some alliances be- And the takeover bid was going nowhere.
tween Eastern and Western vampires do occur Oliver Thrace had regressed more and more into
in Japan's capital, most relations across this
divide are strained. Of course, any notion that

serial frenzy. He became increasingly unstable and
concocted paranoid notions of the Inner Circle's

Kindred are unified by this inimical environ-

ment is fleeting at best and fatal at worst.

desire to be rid of him. Varrick never really
believed any of his former mentor's ramblings.
And just before the return of Hong Kong to
PRESTON VARRICK
Background: Preston Varrick learned
fromamaster. And when your master is Oliver

China, Varrick spoke to his old mentor for
the last time. The tWo men finalized plans to

Thrace, one of the darkest forces of Clan

Tremere, you learn fast and well. Varrick was

meet in Tokyo the next month.
The meeting never took place.
one of Thrace's top lieutenants during the elder
vampire's days as a "fixer" in London. When

Varrick is caught in the calm before what he
believes to be the biggest storm ever to hit the

Thomas Wyncham offered Thrace the long-

dormant assignment of reinfiltrating Asia,

Tremere Asian project. The Inner Circle remains
very coy with him in its recent dispatches. Varrick is

Vartick naturally stepped into the void

created by his mentor's departure.

beginning to believe the Tokyo post is another form
of Siberian exile. Yet, the mandate from the Circle
iscrystal clear: Take Tokyoatall costs. Such costs may
y x 2 prove to be too high for Varrick to pay.

prantick Cook Ub, the unriniched Putri ett by Image: Preston Varrick appears to be in his mid-
Smee el acoeclecane pew protects tbe reals of 30s, and he stands about five-eleven. He wears his
intimidation and torture. He soon surpassed his teacher hair slicked back. His usual attire is a dark double-
iningenuityandruthlesmess. Varrick'slack ofdiscretion breastedsuitwith whiteshirtandmatchingblood-red
onmore than one ey brought unwanted attention tie and pocket square. He carries a pocketwatch
from mortal authorities. The Tremere Inner Circle found that doubles as a Thaumaturgical focus — its
itself in an unenviable position regarding the future of casing is inscribed with a few magical sigils.
Preston Varrick. They had to silence him, but none of the Although the bauble contains none of the
members wanted to lose such a talent. power of his mentor's walking stick, Varrick

It was Wyncham who finally proposed a winning has found it'to be usefull onmmarehan'cne
alternative: Let Varrick join Thrace in the Asian occasion when dealing with a recalcitrant
project. The other members of the Inner Circle agreed, subject. Varrick has developed the vampiric
and Varrick set off to form the Eastern flank of the equivalent of a nervous tic, as he fingers the
Tremere's pincer movement into Asia. His destination watch absently in futile desire for control of
was Tokyo. The solution looked agreeable to everyone. habs Cleese hind

For Varrick, it seemed to be a windfall. He joined his
old teacher in the common cause of gaining control over
two-fifths of the world's kine. And unlike Thrace, whose
efforts had been stonewalled by the behemoth of Red

Roleplaying Hints: As the leader of

, bothamultinational company and
9) % a Tremere chantry, you exude an
aura of precise control in your

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


Z

W

y=

®

dealings with subordinates and colleagues. But the current
situation regarding Thrace and the Asian project (not to
mention your still-rough ways with Japanese etiquette) have
frayed your nerves more than usual. You have seen your once-
substantial hegemony within the city slowly erode, for the ties
among the Inner Circle, Thrace and yourself have broken
down. You must maintain as much of your power as possible,
but youare no fool, and you always have one eye on the nearest
exitshould your fiefdom collapse. One thing is clear, however:
You will not go down without a fight.

Haven: The Tremere chantry, located on the top six
floors of a maximum-security skyscraper near the Tokyo
Stock Exchange.

Secrets: As the eastern fork for the taking of Asia, ©
Varrick is up on much of Wyncham's overall plan; his
relationship with Thrace also makes Varrick privy to his
old mentor's opinions and interpretations on the "real"
story of how the Middle Kingdom works.
Thaumaturgically speaking, Varrick did, after
all, learn much of what he knows from Oliver
Thrace. His own skill in the Discipline, how-
ever, is limited to a few minor talents —
nothing on the level of Thrace's abilities to
bind and summon demons and to commune
with the Yama Kings. Varrick's relative nov-
ice status may soon change, though.

Influence: Unlike his mentor, Varrick has
benefited from the more Western-friendly (in
mortal terms, anyway) atmosphere of Tokyo. But
he has come to question his importance within
the larger network of Clan Tremere itself, and he has
entertained notions of dissolving all ties with the Inner
Circle if he does not receive some clearer objective.
Clan: Tremere
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1602
Apparent Age: mid-30s
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 5
Talents: Alertness 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimida-
tion 5, Leadership 3, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 3, Firearms 4, Melee 3, Stealth
5, Survival 5
Knowledges: Computer 2, Finance 5, Investiga-
tion 3, Linguistics 3, Occult 4, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 5, Necro-
mancy 2, Obfuscate 4, Thaumaturgy 4
Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Mentor (Thrace)
5, Resources 5, Retainers 5
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 3
Humanity: 3
Willpower: 8

‘WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKTO

=

MAGES

The Zaibatsu, Japan's Technocratic faction, dominates
the magickal scene in Tokyo. The Traditions and Crafts
survive here in part because the Zaibatsu doesn't — yet — see
them as targets that warrant the full attention of its reality
adjusters. But more magic flourishes in the shadows than the
Technocrats realize.

THETRADITIONS

VIRTUAL ADEPTS

The Virtual Adepts love Tokyo. The Web
comes closer to the surface of material life
here than almost anywhere else on the
planet, as the city's population immerses

' itself in a sea of data. The Tokyo atti-

\
\ \\y tudes toward electronics help: The
\\ , people of the metropolis put more
Q) OY emotion and sense of self into their
ki gadgets than most Westerners do
\ after childhood. Real-estate costs
WZ contribute to this phenomenon

—people whocannot expect ever
to afford a home of their own direct
those proprietary sentiments elsewhere —
but the Virtual Adepts pay little attention to
such details. They concern themselves with
the phenomenon, not its causes.

SHIRO KOIKE

Background: Shiro is one of the senior
Virtual Adepts in Tokyo. Fifty years old, he
Awakened late, after a life already dedi-
cated to the electronic enhancement of
communications technology. His Awaken-
ing followed a crisis of faith in which he
began wondering whether there might be
any spiritual significance to his work. Shiro
works part-time as a consultant to several of
Tokyo's television networks, for which he
devises ways to increase resolution and veri-
similitude of transmitted images without the
usual increases in bandwidth. With the ap-
proval of his mentors, he is introducing

elements of trinary logic. The general public
knows nothing of him — he deliberately pur-
sues a self-effacing privacy with the motto "the
work, not the worker" — but programs that he
works on have a growing popularity.
Shiro's fans include a number
yur's. of Genji Kuei-jin, who are con-
sidering how best to approach him


and introduce him to the realms of spirit. They have no
idea that he is anything other than a highly talented
human artist/engineer.

Image: Shiro is physically undistinguished, with aver-
age height and build and no real distinguishing features. He
goes to Tokyo's best tailors and follows their recommenda-
tions implicitly, so he always looks fashionable; he changes
the style of his glasses every six months to keep current with.
changing materials technology. When conversation turns
to computing and its impact on society, his interest flares
and he becomes animated. Shiro usually dominates any
ensuing exchange.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a happy man, one of the
fortunate few who not only get to pursue their dreams but
who also find that their dreams matter in the
scheme of things. If it doesn't concern com-
puting, telecommunications or the
Ascension War, you probably don't care
much about it. But you care a lot about
notsurrendering your city and country
to the Five Metal Dragons.

Chantry: A small but lavishly
decorated apartment in Shinjuku, not
far from his office.

Secrets: Shiro has a thorough under-
standing of what the Awakened in Japan are up
to, but he knows almost nothing of other shen.
His mundane and magickal aptitudes combine
to give him ready access to information about
mortal affairs throughout Japan. Shiro focuses
almost exclusively on high-tech industries.

Influence: Shiro directly controls the
small band of Tokyo Virtual Adepts. Through
his work, he has earned the respect of
technophiles both mortal and other-
wise, and were he to make requests of
them, they'd do their best to comply.
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Architect
Essence: Pattern
Tradition: Virtual Adepts
Sect: Chaoticians
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Expression 2, Instruction 2, Intuition 3
Skills: Etiquette 2, Meditation 3, Research 3, Technology 5
Knowledges: Computer 5, Culture 1, Enigmas 4, Investiga-
tion 2, Law 1, Science 3
Spheres: Correspondence 4, Entropy 1, Forces 3, Mind 2
Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Influence 3, Node 2 +
Arete: 5
Willpower: 7
Quintessence: 5
Paradox: 2

THE TECHNOCRACY

VOID ENGINEERS

The Void Engineers are extremely curious about Japanese
experiments with simulated environments. These Techno-
crats see in the environments the potential to explore new
realms and the possibility of a new front for Virtual Adept
infiltration. So, they keep a constant, if minor, pres-
ence in the Tokyo computing scene.

LYNNE HAYASHI

Background: Hayashi is part of
the observer corps. Still in her
mid-30s, she has established
an international reputa-
tion for her innovations
in computer-generated
landscapes — break-
throughs based on the
algorithmic underpin-
f ningsoftheart. Hayashi
Awoke under Virtual
» Adept tutelage but be-
camhe dissatisfied with the
retrogressive Traditions, so she
defected to the Technoc-
racy. Because she has
moreactivefervorfor
thecause of "one
Reality" than
many Void Engineers,
she was an obvious
choice to go to Tokyo,
where she is removed from
the normal VE matrix of social interactions. Her
half-Japanese ancestry was an added bonus.
Not long after Hayashi's arrival, she fell into
Quiet. For two weeks, she wandered Tokyo as an
amnesiac trying to conform to hersense of "normal."
Her subconscious reacted against her martyrlike
work ethic by turning her into an utter libertine.
Before Hayashi emerged from her fugue state, she
spent several nights in Ueno Park. Her encoun-
ters with the warped alternate Japans there are
gradually unhinging her mental equilibrium.
Neither Hayashi nor her distant superiors
yet realize that anything is wrong. Her occa-
sional reference to some feature of Tokyo that
doesn't exist in quotidian reality can be written off
as "bad intelligence" or "a misunderstanding" or
"flawed translation." Two Genji freelance computer ani-
mators have recently noticed that she shows far more
x94 Magickal aptitude than most mortals, and the pair
98 a ‘s,
is studying Hayashi's movements. They hope to

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS

cultivate her as a contact with the Void Engineers on the
grounds that having one more thread of connections could
come in handy.

Image: Hayashi shows her mother's Irish ancestry far more
than her father's Japanese lineage. She's five-eleven and has curly
red hair. (She's the constant target of unwanted advances from
novelty-seeking Japanese businessmen.) Her dress is typical Sili-
con Valley: comfortable shirts and slacks. Since her experiences
in Ueno Park, she often has a distracted look, as fragments of
alternate Japans intrude upon the fringes of her perceptions.

Roleplaying Hints: You drove yourself for a long time
because you knew how much teetered in the balance with the
Ascension War, and you feared that the enemies of progress
and unity might triumph. Now you're haunted. You don't
quite know what's going on, but it seems as if the fabric of
Tokyo life frays around you every so often. You want to make
these waking nightmares stop.

Chantry: A Void Engineer front company at the waterfront,
with "warehouse space" concealing Technocratic operations.

Secrets: Hayashi doesn't yet realize how much she
knows. Ifshe can identify the source of her dreams, she can
lead the Void Engineers into the thick of Tokyohsien affairs,
but for the moment, she's wrapped in confusion.

Influence: Very little. She's still
finding her way through the social laby-
rinth of Zaibatsu ties, and her
behavioral eccentricities don't help.
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Follower
Essence: Dynamic
Convention: Void Engi-
neers
Sect: Border Division Core
Physical: Strength 2, Dexter-
ity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipula-
tion 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelli-
gence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics
1, Awareness 2, Expression 1
Streetwise 3, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Etiquette 2, Firearms 1, Medi-
cine 1, Research 3, Technology 2
Knowledges: Computer 3, Culture
2, Enigmas 1, Investigation 2, Lin-
guistics 3, Occult 2, Science 3
Spheres: Correspondence 2, Entropy
2, Time 2 =|
Backgrounds: Avatar 2, Dream 3, Li-
brary 1, Node 1
Arete: 3
Willpower: 6
Quintessence: 3
Paradox: 3

MIKHAIL DURUBIN

Background: Durubin has served the Syndicate for more
than 40 years. While Communism was the doctrine of the day,
Mikhail made contacts throughout the apparatus and played
an important part in building a Russian organized crime
network. In the 1980s, when it became clear to observers with
sources inside the bureaucracy that the Soviet Union could
not endure, he turned to working among Russian nationalists.
Durubin and his colleagues sought — not very successfully —
to build up an alternative to the reactionary, religious nation-
alism that emerged as the major political rival to Communism.
Since 1992, his primary mission has been the building of ties
between Russian enterprises and neighboring countries.

For the last year, Mikhail has taken part in Russian/Japanese
negotiations over Sakhalin Island and the mineral rights in the
surrounding ocean. While the politicians posture at each other, he
painstakingly works out quiet Japanese investment and profit-
sharing in Russian operations. The Syndicate theorizes that the
more Japanese businesses have concrete reasons to cooperate
peacefully, the more pressure they can exert on the

= Se Ay> Japanese government through their own back chan-

nels. Thus, intime, the political stalematecan become
something of interest only to pedants.

Durubin recently learned in vague terms
about Strike Force Zero arid he has been trying to
gather information about it. His Zaibatsu liai-

GA son professes to know nothing
about the group. Two of his con-
S tacts within the Japanese

Self-Defense Force disappeared
while making inquiries about SFO.
Durubin now proceeds more cau-
tiously, sending tentative queries in
search of small firms that may have

done covert contracting for SFO.
Image: Mikhail Durubin has
themassive buildofaRussian who's
worked his way up through pov-
erty and purge. He now eats all
he wants, and he has no idea
about what constitutes a good
diet; without Technocratic
medical care, he'd probably be
dead already from obesity or al-
coholism. His wardrobe consists
ofvery expensive Europeanand
Japanesesuits, all of which look
rumpledandill-fittingonhim
because he has terrible pos-
ture. His thinning gray hair
is meticulously styled — for
reasons known only to him,
hecaresmoreabouthishair
than any of his other

~ 7 features.


Roleplaying Hints: The material world means little to you.
Your concern is with power, specifically with protecting and
expanding opportunities to profit through the matrix of eco-
nomic associations. Some people help you; they are allies, for
the moment. Some people oppose you; they are enemies to be
subverted, exploited and destroyed. Everyone else matters only
insofar as they might be customers. You are courteous enough to
avoid offending allies and customers too regularly. When you're
not negotiating, you're out gratifying your appetites, thanks to
the opportunities you and your associates have created so far.

Chantry: The offices of the Russo-Japanese Economic
Alliance, in Kasumigaseki. At the start of the decade, it was
a minor business venture that the Syndicate transformed
into a flourishing center for diplomacy and commerce.

Secrets: The Alliance has an extensive set of dossiers on
shen. Durubin takes reality deviants seriously. He has a thorough
personal knowledge of the corruptible members of Japanese
government and of leading industrial firms.

Influence: Durubin controls outright many small firms that
specialized in trade with Russia and then found themselves
subject to blackmail or other illicit manipylati
control over several major >
manufacturersin Japan, due
to information he has 5
"harvested" from his ?
partners — stuff they might
prefer not to see in the public
record. Further, he isaknown
force in Japanese trade poli- ©
tics and is one of very few
Westerners who have regular ac-
cesstoimportantkinsapressclubs.
Nature: Director
Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Essence: Pattern
Convention: Syndicate
Physical: Strength 5, Dexter-
ity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipula-
tion 4, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4,
Wits 4
Talents: Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Intimi-
dation 3, Streetwise 2
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, °
Leadership 2, Research 4, Survival 2, Tech-
nology 4
Knowledges: Culture 5, Enigmas 1, Investigation
3, Law 4, Linguistics 4
Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 3, Matter 3 ‘
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Arcane 2, Avatar 3, Chantry
2, Influence 3, Node 2, Resources 4
Arete: 7
Willpower: 8
Quintessence: 6
Paradox: 3

JOEJUKISHIRO WATANABE

Background: Joejukishiro directs the Zaibatsu's Tokyo
operations. Ironically, he wields influence through a decid-
edly Western technique: With support from the Ministry of
International Trade and Industry, he comes in as interim
manager of ailing computer firms and puts them on a better
footing before turning authority over to a new board of
directors trained for the task. Then he's off to the next
company. Because Watanabe deals with multiple firms in
great detail each year, he has excellent opportunities to
discover promising souls and recruit them for the cause. Most
firms contain no potential recruits, but over the course of a
year, he usually finds one or two to usher along...

or to kill, if they prove to be troublesome. (The
Zaibatsu has no desire at all to help swell the
ranks of any other Awakened group.)
Watanabe compensates for the Western
bent of his work with an intense tradi-
tionalism in all other aspects of his life.
He is well-known among schools that
teach the ancient arts and crafts as a
generous patron and as a sometimes-
diligent (if not very talented)
student. He gives generously to po-
litical groups that promote reduced
entanglement with the West and
expanded Japanese influence
among other Asian nations.
Image: Joejukishiro is the very
image of the new traditionalist busi-
nessman. He dresses in immaculate
dark suits, with tie and handkerchief
displaying his family chop or some kanji
words he regards as relevant to his current
project. Away from home, he favors ki-
mono, or at least some elements of
pre-Western garb along with his suits. His
appearance gives no clue to his age — he is
fit, perfectly groomed and unwrinkled. His
eyes convey a cold appraisal, and he never
shows his emotions to anyone but his
closest associates.

Roleplaying Hints: All of your life
you've lived in the shadow of outsiders:
the American occupation, then (as you
Awakened and developed your magickal

talents) the Technocracy. You believe
fervently in the goal of One World, but
you want it to come about on Japanese
terms, not Western ones. Your energy
goes toward the goals of Japanese in-
dependence and dominance.
Anything that might distract you from
it is to be ignored; nothing that

yyo'xs might help you advance it is to

H

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


be neglected. "Obsessed" is the term your associates usually
apply to you; "foolish" is one (of the kinder epithets) you
often apply to them.

Chantry: A converted Ikebukuro storefront that houses
your computer consulting service and conceals your resi-
dence. The most secret room holds trophies of Zaibatsu
sorties against effigy lords and other reality deviants.

Secrets: Watanabe knows the affairs of the Japanese and
Western Technocracy in intimate detail. Through his con-
cern with traditional arts, he's come into contact with reality
deviants hiding in reactionary enclaves, so he has a good
sense of shen forces in and around Tokyo.

Influence: Since Joejukishiro helps shape and implement
Zaibatsu policy, to some degree, all of Japan is what he says it should
be. In mundane as well as magickal ways, he has strong influence
throughout the network of startup businesses and computing firms.
Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Director
Essence: Pattern
Convention: Zaibatsu
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Awareness 3, Dodge 2,
Expression 4, Instruction 1, Intimidation 3, Intuition 2,
Martial Arts 1, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Do 3, Drive 2, Etiquette 4, Firearms 2, Leadership 4,
Meditation 2, Research 3, Technology 4
Knowledges: Computer 4, Cosmology 2, Culture 3, Law 3,
Linguistics 3, Science 1
Spheres: Correspondence 2, Forces 3, Mind 3, Spirit 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Avatar 1, Influence 4, Library 3,
Node 3
Arete: 6
Willpower: 8
Quintessence: 4
Paradox: 3

THE CRAFTS

THE WU-KENG
Hong Kongis the great stronghold ofthe #
Wu-Keng, a Craft whose founding members
struck a bargain with demons by trading
3,000 years of service for the opportunity to
tule China when the term expires. Two
years remain (See The Book of Crafts,
p-111, fordetails). Tokyoisthe group's
second greatest stronghold and home
to one of the six surviving chou yan f yf
— the order's founders — anda //
handybaseofoperationsforstrik- YJ
ing at the order's enemies (real
and perceived) in China.

‘WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

FOOTBINDING™

‘ The Chinese custom of footbinding 2 arose from a
long-standing preference among Chinese men for
women with small feet. It began among the aristocracy
and spread to other classes, and it ended with the
overthrow of the Qing Dynasty. —

Footbinding begins in childhood, before puberty.
A girl's feet are wrapped in cloth that keeps them
pinched to slow their growhtt Over the years, her
arches are repeatedly broken and shoved up, then her
feet are rebound — somewomen had feet with toesno
more than threeinches from theirheels. It's impossible
to walk long distances on- feet treated this way; even
less thorough binding greatly limits a woman's mobil-
ity. It means constant pain,)a greatly increased risk of |
infection, and other complications,

aoaiiil

KEIPIZASI DEIRA

Background: The Keipizasi family has served the Wu-
Keng for almost 1,600 years. The two became entwined
during the era of the Azure Dragon Court's arrival in Japan.
Keipizasi elders saw the opportunity for power
and established a tradition lasting until the
) modern day. Deira is the island's most pow-
erful a-ma, or "mother" of a Wu-Keng Ng
cabal, now active. (There are a few more
experienced Wu-Keng elsewhere in Japan, but
all are in solitude trying to purge their
accumulated Paradox damage.) Deira
supervises cleaning crews at Narita
Airport, which gives her excel-
lent opportunities to survey the
masses coming into and out of
Japan. Her servants, about a
tenth of whom belong to a
Ng, gather information, ar-
range difficulties for
suspected enemies, steal lug-
gage radiating magical
energy, and perform other
small tasks.

The old a-ma has
cultivated many Ngan
over the 60 years she
has practiced her craft.
The board of directors
for the Tokyo Stock Ex-
change includes three of
her disciples; the senior
floor manager of
the Takashima


Department Store is another. Because of Deira's nocturnal visits
to the latter, she is aware of the War Between The Stores (see
p.86), and she seeks a Ngan among the major toy manufacturers
to cultivate new lines of influence in the situation.

Deira defends her servants well. One of her cherished
subordinates is a target for Joseph Lederer's next rampage.
When he strikes, she is sure to mobilize her forces to identify
the culprit and punish him. Deira can, through her contacts,
gain access to police and social-service agency reports on
unusual events, and many shen underestimate the extent to
which coordinated action by mortals can identify, isolate,
and eliminate supernatural menaces.

Image: Deira blends in with the broad ranks of elderly
Japanese women who perform arduous physical labor for a
living. She is bent by arthritis — she uses magic to remove
the pain, but not the other symptoms — and stands less than
five feet tall. Her hair went entirely gray years ago, but her
eyes remain clear and alert, constantly moving to track
possible targets of interest. What distinguishes Deira from
many of her fellow laborers is her attitude of command: She
expects (and gets) deference from the crews who keep the
airport tidy and functional. But even when dealing with
persons other than her subordinates, she shows no more than
the most minimal self-abasement. Deira dresses in simple
functional dresses and sturdy shoes, on- and off-duty.

Roleplaying Hints: You make yourself one of the lowest
in society as part of the bargain that will soon (oh, so very
soon) make you one of the highest. You care deeply about the
well-being of all who serve you now, people whom you will
exalt when the demonic bargain is complete. Like all Wu-
Keng, you live with the constant agony of footbinding, and
you look forward to venting your pain on anyone unlucky
enough to stand in your way.

Chantry: Custodial offices in the lowest level of Narita
Airport's North Terminal.

Secrets: Deiraknowsalmost everything about the people
who pass through the airport, shen and mortals alike. She
knows when Western supernatural creatures come and when
(or if) they go. She knows when shen go abroad, what they
take with them and what they bring back.

Influence: Deira dominates the Wu-Keng community
in Tokyo and also the community of "invisible workers" who
maintain the environment and are expected to blend in with
the furniture.

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Conformist

Essence: Primordialism

Craft: Wu-Keng

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Instruction 2, Intuition 3, Streetwise 5,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Leadership 3, Meditation 3
Knowledges: Cosmology 1, Culture 3, Lore 3

Spheres: Entropy 3, Forces 4, Life 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Arcane 4, Avatar 1, Influence 2,
Mentor 2, Node 2

Arete: 7

Willpower: 8

Quintessence: 6

Paradox: 5

THE WU LUNG

Tokyo is one of the only rallying locales outside Hong
Kong for the Wu Lung, the "Dragon Wizards" who once ruled
China behind the scenes before being expelled by treacher-
ousallies (see The Book of Crafts for details). Above allelse,
the Wu Lung hate the Communist government of mainland
China, which is the principal architect of Wu Lung humili-
ation and the fundamental obstacle to the Wu Lung's return
to glory.

WAREISIN

Background: Wa Reisin has been senior sifu to the few
Wau Lung in Tokyo since the end of the American occupa-
tion. He presents himself to the world as a coordinator of
anti-Communist ventures. Meanwhile, he organizes relief to
refugees, support for governments and businesses seeking to
contain Communist political and ecohomic strength, and
education to warn the world of the ongoing Chinese menace
despite the Soviet Union's downfall. Reisin does all of these
things sincerely, with an added dimension of which the
public knows nothing.

The Chinese expatriate community in Tokyo comprises
two groups that disagree with each other as strongly as both
do with the Communists. On one hand are the traditional-
ists, who seek to replace the Communists with a new dynasty
promulgating the classical virtues. Traditionalists typically
dislike modernity and are prepared to accept industrializa-
tion only within the rigid confines of Confucian social order.
Those who value culture above race look favorably on the
early Qing emperors; traditionalists who feel that culture
depends on race seek to emulate the Han and Ming Dynas-
ties. The modernists, on the other hand, agree with the
Communists that the empire had to go. They anchor their
hopes in the short-lived Chinese Republic and in the efforts
of sages like Sun Yat-sen and Lu Xun to draw on the best of
tradition within a modern framework.

The Dragon Wizards lead the traditionalist cause.
When the opportunity arises, they strike blows against
modernists that are just as harsh as those they aim at
Communists. (Subtle political distinctions are not part of
Wu Lung thinking: Never mind the intricacies of alliance
and intellectual school, they say, the rulers of China are
"the Communists," and all, therefore, are targets.) Wa
Reisin enjoys widespread respect for his articulate advo-
cacy of the anti-Communist cause and for his occasional
successes in working out deals with the Japanese community.

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


While most Chinese refugees prefer to go to countries that
have not waged such vicious war on China this century, a
significant number of extremely wealthy businessmen and
former warlords live in and around Tokyo. Their pledged
support can sway marginal coalitions toward accord or
make shaky trade agreements prosper. Wa himself seldom
practices the real magick of his Craft these days, though
he closely scrutinizes the training of recruits. "A thousand
roads converge at the capital," as the Confucian saying
has it, "and all wise practices lead to the glory of the
Middle Kingdom."

In the 1970s, Wa became unexpectedly good friends
with several prominent Bishamon Kuei-jin. In one
sense, the association makes no sense. If both the Wu
Lung and the traditionalist Kuei-jin were to triumph,
their countries would again face violent conflict over
the right of Asian leadership. But until that day,
they have common enemies. Wu Lung doctrine
commits its members to the eradication of all
Kuei-jin; Wa Reisin rationalizes that such an
order must be interpreted in the light of the
mandate to rule China, thus Kuei-jin who do not
seek authority over China need not be extermi-
nated just yet. For their part, the Bishamon see an
ally who hates the Quincunx as much as they do
and who can strike with weapons outside their
grasp. Best of all, Wa and the vampires can relax for
an evening's quiet discussion on the fine points of
neo-Confucianism or on racial failings of the coun-
tries surrounding Japan and China.

Image: Wa Reisin cultivates an appearance that
draws on caricatures of the Chinese sage. He is bald
but has a flowing white beard that he keeps carefully
trimmed. By preference, he dresses conservatively,
but when he seeks to fully convey the sage image, he
wears embroidered robes over a comfortable suit. His
expression leans toward the somber, but he laughs
readily —all as part of his chosen image. Wa radiates
an air of concern and sympathy, and he listens
patiently to those around him. His underlying con-
tempt emerges only in private.

Roleplaying Hints: You care deeply about
the Wu Lung's goals, but you aren't obsessed by
them; you are merely strongly motivated. You
refuse to sacrifice political duty to culture,
without which politics mean nothing. Thus,
you see your role as patron of the arts and
teacher of the young to be just as impor-
tant as the diplomatic battles you wage
in boardrooms and ministry offices.
You find it strange that some of
your closest friends would be
neither human nor Chinese,
but fate is full of surprises.
Because you have these

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKTO

friendships, you savor them, and when possible, you
aim to advance their causes as well as your own. They
do the same for you. Although you can never truly rest
until the Communists reach their ash-heap in history,
you have a good life and believe that you serve the
moral order well.

Chantry: A mansion that perches on a significant node
in Aoyama.

Secrets: Wa knows the affairs of Chinese expatri-
ates (apart from the Wu-Keng, who are the great
blind spot in Wu Lung perception) and the
Chinese government in intimate detail. As
a result of his long service, Wa Reisin also
understands a great deal about the inner
workings of the Japanese government, in-
cluding the role of the Zaibatsu. Through
his friends, he's learning more about
the Bishamon and their view of Kuei-
jin society.

Influence: Wa leads both the public
force of traditionalist Chinese expatriates
and Tokyo's scattering of Wu Lung. He has

little direct authority but ample powers of
m persuasion (backed by a capacity for black-
mail) with many Japanese businesses
that opérate ventures in China. In
the last decade, Wa has also be-
A) come a regular guest on news and
analysis TV programs and, thus,
helps shape Japanese public per-
ceptions of China.
Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Judge
Essence: Pattern
Craft: Wu Lung
Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3,
Stamina 2
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5,
Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 2, Awareness 2, Expres-
sion 4, Intuition 2, Intimidation 3

tation 2, Research 3
Knowledges: Culture 3, Enigmas 2, Investiga-
tion 3, Law 4, Lore 3
Spheres: Forces 3, Mind 4, Spirit 2
{| Backgrounds: Avatar 3, Influence 3, Node 3
Arete: 6
\ Willpower: 7
f\ Quintessence: 6
iN Paradox: 1

KITT

SHAPESHIFTERS
HENGEYOKAI

The Middle Kingdom's shapeshifters organize them-
selves into courts, which are roughly equivalent to the septs
of the West. However, hengeyokai society at large construes
itself as the Beast Courts of the Emerald Mother, which is a
potential source of confusion. Simply put, a court is a com-
munity of like Changing Folk such as Nezumi or Hakken; the
Courts are all such communities as a whole. (For more
information on the shapeshifters of the East, see the
Hengeyokai sourcebook.)

OLATUJUNICHIRO

Background: Life as an undercover agent
forthe Emerald Mothersuits Ozatu Junichiro.
He works in the executive offices of the
Ministry of Agriculture, Forestry, and
Fishing. He is one of the few
Hakken who fight effectively
on an urban battleground
against the evils of the age.
The rest of his pack lives
along the northeastern
coast. When he discov-
ered a talent for dealing
with humans (and
others) in cities, he
and his pack con- =
structed a cover
identity for him,
one more bit of mis-
direction. It has
worked: Zaibatsu agents who mount routine sweeps
for shen in government have never suspected him of
being anything other than the talented young
administrator from Nagasaki that he claims to be. #¥

Ozatu is part of amovement within the minis-
try that seeks closer cooperation with
environmental-protection regulators in order to better
protect wilderness and wildlife. While the biggest indus-
trial combines hold as much poweras ever, popular sentiment
among younger Japanese favors more attention to conserva-
tion. Ozatu capitalizes on such feelings. His briefings and
reports for ministry superiors can make the difference be-
tween success and failure in crucial debates.

After-hours, Ozatu takes part in Shinto revival activi-
ties by joining meditation and study groups. Without ever
directly exerting leadership, he folds in the realities of
hengeyokai concerns with what can sometimes be exuberant
superstition-building.

Image: Ozatu is a nondescript young professional. He
cultivates an average appearance in his efforts to avoid
standing out in a crowd. Ozatu has no particular distinguish-
ing marks, wears no unusual clothes, shows no behavioral
twitches, does not speak too loudly or too softly... only his
ideas (and his secret nature) mark him as different.

Roleplaying Hints: You are a young man with an old
burden — the survival of your kind and, indeed, of nature as
awhole in the face of growing darkness. You take this mission
very seriously; there's little room for fun in your life. Only on
your vacations, when you can secretly return home for a week
or two, can you relax and be your true self. You don't know how
long you'll be able to keep up this double life, but you work hard
at it and hope for the best. To the outside world, you're an
earnest champion of the environment and a devout student of
Japan's ancient religion, which are pursuits that make you part
of the new traditionalist movement.

Home: A small apartment north of
Ueno.

Secrets: Ozatu guards the secrets of
the hengeyokai, and he knows a great
deal about the activities of those
breeds that serve the Yama Kings.
He also knows about Kuei-
jin activities insofaras they
affect his conservation
S\ and religious concerns.
Influence: Ozatuhasa
EM great deal of influence on his
WF ministry's politics—he lacks
clouthimself, buthe provides
both information and inter-

pretation to individuals
who do have the clout.
N& Thereby, Ozatushapes the
course of policy-making.
His unusual dedication

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


gives him an advantage in the endless struggle for ministers'
attention, as he has stronger motivation and is willing to
persist longer.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Hakken

Nature/Demeanor: Director/Confidant

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 2 (2/3/4/4), Stamina
2 (4/5/5/4)

Social: Charisma 3 (3/3/3/3), Manipulation 4 (3/0/1/1),
Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Expression 2, Sub-
terfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Performance 2

Knowledges: Computer 2, Investigation 3, Law 3, Linguis-
tics 2, Politics 3, Science 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 2, Rites 2

Gifts: (1) Persuasion, Speed of Thought, Spirit Speech
Renown: 3 Wisdom

Rage 4, Gnosis 3, Willpower 6

Rank: 1

Rites: (Mystic) Rite of the Questing Stone, (Minor) Bone
Rhythms, Prayer for the Prey

HASHIMOTO TAKAI

Background: Hashimoto is part of the Nezumi community
that lives underneath Tokyo. She recently found herself thrust
intoa position of leadership, quite against her will or expectation.

Several tourist children got lost in the Ginza last year
and reported remarkable experiences in the sewers there.
The Zaibatsu sent in Strike Force Zero to investigate. SFO
eradicated a variety of reality deviants. Among the slain were
two senior members of Hashimoto's sentai, or pack. She and
other young adults were chosen for positions of authority.
The more mature survivors of the massacre no longer trusted
their own judgment in its wake.

Hashimoto does her best to administer justice for her sentai.
She harshly punishes anyone whose actions threaten to reveal the
pack's existence to outsiders. The pack has strong ties with other
Nezumi, with Kitsune, and with some Kuei-jin of the Thousand
Whispers Dharma, who explore Tokyo byways. If it were up to
Hashimoto, the pack would cut itself free of these ties and
disappear to safe quarters, but she's not been able to persuade
the other pack members of the wisdom in such a course of

Image: Hashimoto spends most of her time in
Rodens form. When called upon to take Homid
form, she appears as a young derelict, with filthy
clothes and a lack of hygiene. Her Rodens
voice carries subtleties of nuance and tone;
her Homid voice is scratchy and rough.

Roleplaying Hints: You're in over your head.
If your elders had done what they were supposed
to do, you wouldn't have to do their jobs now. You'd love to

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

action. In the meantime, Hashimoto watches and judges. de

throw it all aside and run away, but the sentai needs you.
Somber duty is the cornerstone of your life. You live for the
day when confidence in your pack's seniors (both yours and
theirs) is sufficient to let them step back into their leadership
roles and let you get on with a more satisfying life.

Home: The Ginza sewers.

Secrets: If it moves in the shadows of Ginza, Hashimoto
knows about it. She either watches it herself or receives the
reports of pack members who do.

Influence: Very strong in her pack; none elsewhere.
Position: Lantern
Breed: Rodens
Auspice: Knife Skulker
Tribe: Nezumi
Nature/Demeanor: Alpha/Judge
Physical: Strength 2 (3/1), Dexterity 4 (8/6), Stamina 2 (3/4)
Social: Charisma 2 (0/0), Manipulation 3 (3/1), Appearance 1 (0/1)
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 2, Streetwise 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Firearms 2, Leadership 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Rituals 2
Backgrounds: Mentor 2, Rites 3
Gifts: (1) Darksight, Heightened Senses, Persuasion
Rage 5, Gnosis 5, Willpower 5
Rank: 2 S
Rites: (Punishment) Voice of the Jackal, (Ratkin) Rite of
the Birthing Plague

©

So 7
*

Lf xy


DENSOSUITO

Background: Densosu works with various volunteer
groups concerned about the plight of Japanese people dwell-
ingon the Asian mainland. In an age of resurgent nationalism,
Japanese folk often do not fare well at the hands of vengeful
populaces or jealous officials in Siberia, Mongolia, and north-
em China. Ito is one-quarter Mongolian, and he uses his
ethnic ties for as much leverage as he can get.

It's notan easy or productive line of work. Japan remains
the target of enormous hostility, which is the legacy of its
brutal Imperial domination during the 1930s and '40s, fol-
lowed by economic domination until the Japanese bubble
began to burst in the '80s. While there's no widespread or
organized violence yet, mainland bullies who dream of
power find exploiting anti-Japanese sentiment a
good path to power. Many of Ito's colleagues
fear that within a few years, anyone who
appears Japanese or can be shown to
have Japanese ancestry may have to
abandon Northeastern Asia. Densosu
remains unconvinced, but he is not in-
clined toward great hopes.

But all of these concerns are, in part,
cover. Ito's deeper concerns lie with the
Khan — the great weretigers who once
roamed the thick forests to the south of
the Asian tundra. Few of his people now 4
remain, and ethnic conflicts threaten
their human Kinfolk. In the wild, the
tiger Kinfolk have almost disappeared,
and zoos will never be welcome homes.
Perhaps the time for survival has already
passed, but Densosu does not grant him-
self the luxury of despair.

Image: Densosu conforms all too well
to Japanese stereotypes of the lower classes
and foreigners. He's tall, burly and quite
hairy. He chooses to make no
effort at concealing these .
"unfortunate" features, and ( ;
he combines Ainu
motifs with the Mon-
golian-influenced {j
clothes he wears. =

RoleplayingHints:
Ina society built on con-
cealing the lie, you speak the
truth. Ifothersfind it ugly, somuch.
theworse forthem. You have notime to waste
on coddling others — they must face the
consequences of the world they've helped
build. You save courtesy for individuals
who've demonstrated themselves to be
deserving of respect; it's too precious to
waste on fools.

Home: A small apartment near Ueno.

Secrets: Ito knows everything about Khan activities in
Northeastern Asia and a fair amount about the other
hengeyokai there. He knows almost nothing about the Japa-
nese shen, nor does he have any great interest in them.

Influence: Among people who deal with resource con-
servation and ethnic protection, Densosu's views carry a
great deal of influence. Few like him, and many fear the bad
consequences of his rejection of Japanese etiquette, but they
tespect his accomplishments and marvel at his sources of
information.

Position: Courtier
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Philodox

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


Tribe: Khan
Nature/Demeanor: Alpha/Survivor

Physical: Strength 3 (4/6/7/5), Dexterity 4 (5/6/6/6), Stamina
3 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 2 (2/2/2/2), Manipulation 3 (2/0/0/0),
Appearance 1 (0/0/0/1)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Awareness 3, Brawl 3, Expression 2,
Intimidation 3, Style 2

Skills: Acrobatics 3, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Leadership 2,
Survival 2

Knowledges: Culture 3, Investigation 2, Law 3, Lore 2,
Politics 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Den-Realm 3, Resources 1, Secrets 3
Gifts: (1) Command Attention, Skin of Jade, Sweet Hunter's
Smile, (2) Night Terror, (3) Cat Fear, (4) Dragonroar
Renown: 3 Cleverness, 3 Ferocity, 3 Honor

Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 6

Rank: 3

Rites: (Moon) Rite of Warding, Rite of Claiming, (Need)
Rite of Fear

WESTERN CHANGERS

Called the "Sunset People" by Eastern shapeshifters,
werecreatures from the West suffer the stigma of being
considered harbingers of the Sixth Age here. The attitude is
not uniformly exclusionary of Westerners by any means, but
it still informs the views of most hengeyokai in dealings with
their counterparts from the far hemisphere.

APEF-LOOKS-DOWN

Background: Apep-Looks-Down aids the changing-breed
contingent of Five Tails (see p. 83). He came to Japan for the
first time in 1951 and hasspentalmostall of the last decade here.
Heand Atama]Jigoro, coordinator of Five Tails' various branches,
found that they shared interests, so they began working together
on mutual concerns. Apep is not a "full-time" member of the
group; he continues to spend up to a half of each year in general
exploration, as he seeks the lore of Japan's earliest inhabitants.
His travels take him to the far north and remote, wild areas. But
the rest of the year, he is usually in or around Tokyo, though not
necessarily in the material world.

Image: Apep's pack roams the plains of inner
Asia, in the no-man's-land on the southern flanks
of the former Soviet Union. He's a slender man
of wiry build with a distinctive olive-tancom- ZY
plexion. He has short brown hair and pale-green
eyes. Apep dresses in sturdy clothing, the sort that *
inspire Land's End and Eddie Bauer designs, but better
suited for actually scrambling over mountains. His usual
manner is taciturn — he listens more than he talks — but
when he does speak, he does so enthusiastically. Apep's
friends learn to stand back when he starts gesturing.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

Roleplaying Hints: Japan is a troubled land. From the

ongoing evils in the Yin World to the spreading corruption in

the Yang World, there's much for you to worry about here. The

greatest evils are in the Yin World, where you cannot easily go.

Butyou can gather information to assist others who are able to

dosomething there, so you do it. You love travel above all else.

You long to see the truth of a mystery nobody else has probed

— that your passion can do good is a double blessing.
Home: In Japan, ahostel near Mount Fuji; in Kazakhstan,

a stretch of steppe designated as a wilderness preserve.
Secrets: Apep knows as much about the Jade Empire and its

activities in Japan as any nonwraith. He also knows more about

the hengeyokai and hsien than any other Western supernatural.
Influence: Very little. He's respected for his knowledge

but not regarded as a decision-maker or leader.

Position: Sunset Person

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Tribe: Silent Strider

Nature/Demeanor: Maker/Visionary

Physical: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 4 (4/5/7/6),

Stamina 3 (5/6/6/6)

Social: Charisma 2 (2/0/2/2), Manipulation 2 (1/0/0/0),

Appearance 2 (1/0/2/2)


Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Expres-
sion 2, Streetwise 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 2, Performance
3, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 3, Law 1, Linguis-
tics 3, Occult 2, Politics 1, Rituals 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 3, Resources 2, Rites 4
Gifts: (1) Mindspeak, Persuasion, Speed of Thought, (2)
Messenger's Fortitude

Renown: 2 Glory, 4 Wisdom

Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Willpower 6

Rank: 2

Rites: (Death) Gathering for the Departed, (Mystic)
Rite of Becoming, (Renown) Right of Accomplishment,
Rite of Passage

NIKOLAI ZADEREVSKY

Background: The Lords of the
Summit faction of the Shadow Lord a
Tribe seeks allies among the shen.
The Lords hope to find fresh leverage
fortheir ongoingstruggle against West-
em rivals and some new vantage point
from which surprising attacks might be
mounted. Nikolai Zaderevsky, whose hu-
man and wolf ancestors both have ancient ties to Siberia,
volunteered for the duty after three of his immediate
predecessors returned to Russian Garou strongholds
dismembered and each shipped in nine different parcels.

So far, Nikolai can boast of his efforts more than
his accomplishments. He has a number of deals with
Hakken of the northern provinces, butnone with any
of the substantial forces of the home islands. Kuei-jin
notions of honor run deeply and in directions not
suitable for the Lords.

NikolaiisarecognizedfigureamongTokyoshen. He
speaks earnestly to young shen interested in making their
mark on the world beyond the Middle Kingdom. From
time to time, some of his audience accepts such offers
because typically they must flee after having gravely
offended a powerful senior. On the side, Nikolai occa-
sionally deals with Japanese industries seeking access to a
Siberia's mineral wealth. The profits from thesedealsenrich 7
Shadow Lord coffers around the world, and Nikolai justifies
interaction with "Earth rapers" by stipulating that he is better
able to police their activities from the inside.

During the early part of his career in Japan, more 4
than 15 years ago, Nikolai nearly fell into collusion with

Image: Nikolai looks like a Russian legend sprung to life. He
stands six-six, with a muscular build and long black hair that he
braids with exotic cords. He dresses in bright colors and intricate
patterns, the better to emphasize his self-chosen separateness
from the crowds. Japanese tend to be appalled by his loud, forward
manner, though he impresses some young people as a man living
out the freedom they yearn for, but feel unable to obtain.
Roleplaying Hints: You have very carefully
crafted the image of your life into that of the
"Noble Russian Hero." In reality, you be-
gan lifeasamember ofan undistinguished
farming family. You've exploited quirks
of genetics to play the part of a noble
or mythic figure, which often stands
you in good stead, except when deal-
ing with troublesome Japanese.
You're secretly gnawed at by asense
of failure, and you constantly seek
for the great coup that can prove
‘the correctness of your actions.
Home: A small villa on the edge of
Aoyama.
Secrets: Notmany, beyond themun-
dane lore of business negotiations.
Influence: Among Japanese shen, al-
mostnone;amongthe Russian Shadow
Lords, a fair degree of respect for his
efforts in this difficult place.
Position: Sunset Person
Breed: Homid
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Shadow Lords
Nature/Demeanor: Competitor/Gallant
Physical: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexter-
ity 4 (4/5/6/6), Stamina 4 (6/7/7/6)
Social: Charisma 3 (3/3/3/3), Manipula-
tion 2 (1/0/0/0), Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4)
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits2
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics3, Brawl
3, Dodge 2, Expression 3, Intimidation
2, Primal-Urge 2, Streetwise 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 2,

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investiga-
tion 2, Law 3, Linguistics 2, Politics 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Resources 4
Gifts: (1) Aura of Confidence, Fatal
Flaw, Persuasion, (2) Resist Pain,
Staredown, Strength of Purpose
Renown: 5 Glory, 5 Honor, 1 Wisdom

the Goblin Spiders. Their representative almost succeeded is

in fooling him about their connections to the Yama Kings.
Since then, Nikolai has been an ardent fighter along-
side Tokyo shen against the Kumo, and he has
earned a reputation as (in this regard, if no
other) someone deserving of cooperation.

| Rage 6, Gnosis 4, Willpower 8

= Rank: 4

Rites: (Death) Rite of Binding, Rite
of Spirit Awakening

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


FAE
HISIEN

MAKOSAHURA

Background: Mako Sahura grew up in privilege and
received his education in the finest schools. The youngster's
assuming leadership of his father's export company was
always presumed to be his destiny, though he seldom gave the
idea much consideration. He felt that what was expected
would come to pass when the time was right. Before that,
however, Mako intended to live _ his life to the fullest. He
spent years training himself in \ the martial arts, and he
reveled in the ancient traditions \\ of his family, often lis-
tening to his grandfather tell tales
of when their ancestors were among
the favored soldiers of the emperor. }

Perhaps it was the code of honor
Mako learned from these tales that
led to his unexpected death.

When Mako saw a schoolgirl
being assaulted, he moved to inter-
vene on her behalf. What he did not
see was that there were multiple as-
sailants. The four drunken American
Gls were all skilled fighters, and de-
spite their intoxication, they managed
to beat Mako senseless. He had the satis-
faction of seeing the girl escape before he
lapsed into unconsciousness. Desperately
worried over what would happen if their crime
came to light, the soldiers hid the evidence.

The men dragged Mako to the harbor, where they
avoided the few people walking through the area. They
stuffed the boy into a packing crate and weighted it with
whatever heavy debris they could find. At one point, Mako
began tostir, only to have hisskull cracked open with alead pipe.

Mako sank into the depths without witnesses to his
fate. The girl he saved never spoke up about the incident.

Later that night, Mako, reborn as a chu-ih-yu — a
vengeance demon — rose from the harbor. His rage was
fierce, and the men who'd killed his host body soon
regretted their actions. The newspapers recounted
the brutal beating deaths of four American
soldiers and speculated that the actions
were the work ofa large group. They were
mistaken, for Mako always works alone.

Mako carries on his life as the son
of a very powerful businessman, and he
still intends to run his father's company
someday, as the mortal shell he now inhab-
its possessed traditional family values. But 3

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

the nights of Mako Sahura are not as they once were. There are

not celebrations and parties. The woman he was dating has

moved on with her life because she was confused by his sudden

separation from her and his refusal even to discuss the matter.

Mako spends his evenings answering the prayers of people

who've lost loved ones to violence, and whenever possible, the

answer he gives is written in the blood of his victims.
Image: Mako Sahura is a tiny young man in his human

form, but when revealing himself as a chu-ih-yu, he towers

above most others. Nearly seven feet tall in his wani

form, Mako wears dark, flowing robes and carries the

weapons of his ancient calling. His silvery skin

complements his stark, alabaster hair.

and emphasizes his luminous white

eyes. Frighteningly

long talons 77

stretch from

hisfingertips.


Roleplaying Hints: Were it not for the honor of the
Sahura family, you would gladly remove yourself from human
society. As it stands, however, you must take the time to deal
with mortals every day, and the burden of living a double life
is taking its toll. Always remember that the innocent should
be protected and treated with honor. The exact opposite is
true of the guilty. Those who live by the sword die by yours.

Home: Traditional family home in the Tokyo suburbs.

Secrets: Mako concerns himself only with the secrets of
the guilty.

Influence: He is feared by many of the Kuei-jin and other
shen who are foolish enough to make mortals their prey. Mako
avoids the politics of the supernaturals, , save to punish

individuals whose creed is violence.
Court: The Worldly

Legacies: (Yin) Hermit/(Yang) Paladin
Seeming: Hsien-jin

Kith: Chu-ih-yu

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 4, Empathy 3, Melee 3, Persuasion 3
Skills: Ceremony 2, Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Martial Arts
4, Meditation 1, Security 2

Knowledges: Computer 3, Divination 3, Investigation 3,
Politics 2, Science 3

Tan: Tieh Tan - Metal Alchemy (3), Nei Tan — Internal
Alchemy 2

Elemental Affinity: Metal

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 4

Tao: 3

Chi: Yin 5, Yang 3, Yugen 8

Willpower: 7

AMIKO TSUNWATA

Background: Amiko Tsunwata died
in the womb, making a place for the suijen who
now lives her life. She works at the docks while in
her mortal form, but only when she feels like it.
Most of her time is spent keeping debris from
\|_ polluting Tokyo Bay. Amiko's human family has
not heard from her in some time, and she seldom.
A bothers to give them much consideration. She
travels through the city and visits different
shrines to gather Yugen and intelligence.
Most of Amiko's life as a mortal
has been characterized by arguments
4 with her parents, whereas her hsien
GEN existence is often filled with debates
between herself and other members.
of the kamuii. She is heavily involved
in hsien political arenas, and she rou-
tinely urges war against the Zaibatsu, which
is responsible for much of the pollution the
kamuii fight to remove.

Amiko would see the modern era come to
an end if she had her way, and she never hesitates
to sink an occasional ship to prove her point. And

when she does so, she causes few (if any) fatalities.
Amiko values mortal life and fully understands
the importance of mortal prayers to her survival.

Image: Amiko is tall and lean, with long
black hair and gray eyes. In her wani form, she
wears robes of blue and green, lighter in shade than
the blue of her scaled skin or the green of her hair.
Amiko's eyes often flash with the anger of the
\, storms she can generate, and her mouth can
BS take on a cruel expression of contempt.

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS


Roleplaying Hints: You live by a very simple philoso-
phy: You're a god, and you expect others to treat you that
way. The kamuii are more significant than any other shen,
but you know better than to even try explaining such a
thing to other supernatural entities. The Zaibatsu and the
gaijin are your foes, though you try not to advertise that
knowledge. While you seldom fight them directly, you
like to make sure they know where you stand on their
offensive presence in Tokyo. When it comes to the com-
moner Shinbatsu, you expect obedience — less than that
is a reason for proper punishment. Your attitude of supe-
riority causes you no end of trouble, but contrary to what
your associates say, it is not an attitude that time can erase
(or so you believe). What they don't realize is that your
brash exterior hides a calculating mind and a patient spirit
that await the right time to strike out at the invading
forces from the West.

Home: Ohari Trading Company, at the harbor.

Secrets: Amiko knows about almost everything that
happens at the docks and around the harbor.

Influence: Amiko has great influence among the
Shinbatsu of her area, primarily because they fear her,
but also because her claims that the Western-
ers are ruining Japan make sense.

Court: The Classicists
Legacies: (Yin) Fatalist/(Yang) Dandy
Seeming: Hsien-tsu
Kith: Suijen
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4,
Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3,
Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Empathy 4, Intuition
2, Persuasion 3, Shentao 3
Skills: Ceremony 5, Drive 3, Etiquette 1,
Leadership 4, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Cosmology 2, Divina-
tion 1, Occult 3, Politics 4
Tan: Shui Tan — Water Al-
chemy (5), Nei Tan - Internal
Alchemy (3)
Elemental Affinity: Water
Backgrounds: Contacts 3,
Resources 4
Tao: 4

in 4, Yang 5, Yugen 8
Willpower: 7

se allllUtise

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKTO

CHANGELINGS

OLIVIA MAKIKO OF

Background: Oe is a Japanese-American whose parents
work in the U.S. Embassy. She awoke to her changeling
nature while at boarding school and somehow managed not
to succumb to Banality in the midst of it all. After gradua-
ivia persuaded her parents to let her work for a while
attended college. Because
affinity for history, she
applied for, and won, a post as
interpreter at the Shitamachi
Museum. Oe flourishes amid the
recreations of Tokugawa and


Meiji homes and factories, soaking in the Glamour generated
by those Japanese eager to make a close connection with
their pasts.

She gets along very well with the chu-ih-yu who live
in the area; her innate sense of justice matches theirs, and
she helps explain the peculiarities of Western life and
thought that bear on the judgments they make when
resolving hsien disputes. Olivia can never be accepted as
truly one of the hsien, but she comes as close to acceptance
as any Westerner can.

Recently, Oe detected signs of the cultivated dreams of
alternate Japans, and she believes that they're responsible for
the strange mental and spiritual disturbances afflicting shen
who sleep in the park. She seeks to gather other changelings
living in Tokyo to explore the matter more thoroughly.

Image: Oe stands out even in her human seeming, at
nearly six feet in height with a willowy figure that suggests art
of the Kamakura era. But rather than possessing the somber
mien of an aristocratic lady, Oe wears a bright smile. She's far
more outgoing than her Japanese customers. She wears the
conservative uniform of a museum docent while on the job.
In her off-hours, Olivia favors bright colors and exotic
designs, more in keeping with Hibaya teen nonconformists
than with the usually placid hsien culture. She avoids creat-
ing too scandalous a wardrobe by incorporating traditional
motifs and styles copied from the museum's exhibits. In troll
form, Oe towers over almost all hsien, and she would be
a menacing figure if she weren't so cheery.

Roleplaying Hints: You love your life.
You work among treasures and antiquities
that, for you, bridge the gap between past
and present by day, and between cultures
at night. What could be better? If only
the chu-ih-yu weren't so prone to such

wish no harm to come to the fine people
who sustain your life with their hopes
or to the many fascinating shen who
move among the people.
Home: Shitamachi
Museum, Ueno Park.
Secrets: Oe knows
a great deal about the
lives (and unlives) of
Tokyo's hsien. They
have a difficult time, as
the Technocrats hate crea-
tures who inspire wonder and
discontent with the beautiful toys the

she can behind the scenes to run
interference against these nui-
sance mages.

Influence: Still small, but rising steadily among the
hsien as they realize the skill and dedication she brings to
her work.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Sage/Troubadour

House: Liam

Seeming: Wilder

Kith: Troll

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Empathy 3, Persuasion 3

Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 4, Leadership 2, Performance 3,
Security 1

Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 3, Lore 4, Politics 1,
Science 1

Arts: Primal 1, Soothsay 1, Sovereign 1

Realms: Fae 3, Scene 2, Time 2

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 2

Glamour: 5

Banality: 2

Willpower: 4

ANNA EASTEN

Background: The super-banal Middle American hous-
ing tract where Anna Easten grew up could have destroyed
anyone's spirit. Once she learned her true nature and she
understood the threat the place posed, Anna struck out on
her own and spent five years roaming the world. She

watched the sun rise over a new city every week.
When Anna got to Japan, she settled down. She
has no interest in the affairs of her fellow
Western changelings, but she is fascinated
by the supernatural beings of other tradi-
tions. The Nezumi Anna often visits aren't
as keen on her as she is on them, but she's

proven her usefulness time and again in
uncovering useful information that lies
outside their reach.

Tokyo brims with dark secrets for
Easten to learn, from civic corruption
to war criminals leading lives as ven-
erable citizens to wife-beating and
child abuse. Easten loves rooting out
all of them. She shares as much as
isnecessary to protect shen from
their various predators.

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS

Image: Anna thinks of her image as "Old High LATITIA JACKSON
Derelict." She puts no effort into grooming or wardrobe Rach i
so she smells badly and her clothes hang in tatters. Background: An Army brat's disconnected exist-
Observers could guess nothing of her ethnicity and have _ ©8C€ was Latitia Jackson's burden, thanks to her father,
a hard time determining her gender. In her fae seeming, Who was an analyst for military intelligence. His fre-
she looks very much like the ghouls of horror movies that quent reassignments to work with various allies of the
she loved as a child. United States meant the only life

Roleplaying Hints: You sought the rising sun for his daughter ever knew was mov-
years and now you've found it — and you flourish in ing every other year. And each
the shadows it casts. What a banquet of sorrow and of new place was as culturally
secrecy that spreads before you, and how few rivals §/ strange as the last. If it weren't
you have. Few other sluagh come to Tokyo, and they i for the outlet of Latitia's se-
tend to have aristocratic interests, very unlike your eee Ces cret nature, she would've
own. The sewers are yours; you take somber pleasure in s probably joined the ranks of
your possession. You seldom rest long in any one den, "walking wounded" by suc-
and you prefer to move about at whim in cumbing to a combination
search of new things to know. f of alcoholism, drug use and

m1

Home: For the moment, Ginza teen pregnancy. Ostensibly,
sewers. . Latitia is a quiet and mild-

Secrets: Easten sees the sordid side mannered teenage girl...
of human life throughout Tokyo, and because she's got a far more
she finds it endlessly fascinating. She also

interesting way to vent her hos-
knows a great deal about the affairs of the Yin World tility, fear and tension.
in and around Tokyo.

Influence: She wields no authority among the
Nezumi, but they respect her knowledge and some-
times return the favor by assisting her in the
acquisition of new secrets. At the least, Easten
is more tolerated by them than almost
any other non-Ratkin.

Court: Seelie

Legacies: Hermit/Wayfarer
House: None

Seeming: Grump 5
Kith: Sluagh

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4,
Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipula-
tion 3, Appearance 1

Mental: Perception 3, Intelli-
gence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3,
Dodge 3, Kenning 1, Streetwise 4,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Security 2, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Gremayre 1, Inves-
tigation 3, Linguistics 3, Medicine 2

Arts: Chicanery 3, Wayfare 2

Realms: Actor 3, Nature 2, Prop 2, Scene 2
Backgrounds: Chimera 2, Contacts 2, Dreamers 2
Glamour: 5

Banality: 5

Willpower: 6

At the time Jackson first came into her
nocker abilities, her family immediately sus-
pected her as a part of the sabotage that was

sweeping through their home city. She put
up a good front, though, and mere paren-
tal scrutiny proved to be no match for
concentrated fae exertion. Suspicion
gradually diluted to wariness, and then to
a conviction, that the destruction that fol-
lowed them was pure coincidence. Latitia,
meanwhile, branched out to strike at other
targets to avoid drawing too much attention.
Today, Tokyo fascinates Latitia; she is
considering running away from home
when the next transfer order comes for
her father if she can arrange some
suitable shelter among the shen (or
some gullible humans). There's so
much to build. There's also the first
great challenge of her life, in the
form of the effigy lords. Latitia pas-
sionately hates the inhuman
figures that dominate what
would otherwise be her fa-
vorite haunts, and she
strives to make their ex-
istence as miserable as
possible. To date,

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

Latitia has been no more than an irritation to the lords,
but with sustained effort or the discovery of allies, she
could become a formidable nemesis.

Image: Jackson is an African-American teenage girl
who dresses in trendy fashions and grooms herself to
reflect the styles of popular movie stars of the moment.
She doesn't talk much, and apart from a highly unusual
grasp of technical matters, Latitia sounds much like her
peers when she does.

Roleplaying Hints: For a long time, you were just
angry. Then you found the changeling outlet for your
anger. Now you've got an actual enemy, the effigy lords
and their rule, and you focus the accumulated frustra-
tions of a boring, hateful life onto them. You don't pay
much attention to the rest of your life: You get through
school with adequate grades, you don't upset Mom and
Dad too often, and you have some friends
tances) to hang out with. But none of j
to strike the next blow against
dreams of department stores

Home: An apartme
where various army li

he outskirts of Harajuku,
amilies live.

Secrets: Jackson doesn't yet know much about Tokyo's
secret life, but she has already studied the effigy lords and
their domains very carefully. In short order, she might be the
city's living expert on the subject... except that few others
would know to ask about the present state of effigy regimes.

Influence: None
Court: Unseelie
Legacies: Rogue/Fatalist
House: None
Seeming: Wilder
Kith: Nocker
Physical: Strength 1, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts 2, Security 4, Stealth 4
es: Computer 3, Enigmas 3, Investigation 1,

ience 4

Realms: Actor 1, Pr

Backgrounds: Chimera
Glamour: 5

CHAPTER THREE: THE SECRET PLAYERS



In Middle Kingdom Tokyo, East clashes with West,
Kuei-jin fight Kindred, Shih stalk demons and Strike Force
Zero targets everyone. Yet odd alliances coalesce here, too,
as agendas fall into congruence and old opponents find
common ground.

THE WAR OF A THOUSAND
GENERATIONS

No struggle unifies supernaturals native to Japan more
firmly than the one to free the island nation's Deadlands. A
sorrow pierces the heart of every Japanese shen who gives
even amoment's thought to her ancestors (and any shen who
fail to doso are unworthy of consideration). The souls of their
revered ancestors suffer under the yoke of foreign tyranny, for
the Jade Emperor's Territorial Ministers enforce a Chinese
peace upon the Yin World of Japan. Japanese souls feed Jade's
Imperial machine.

Every other dispute takes second place to the need to
free Nippon's soul from occupation. No other challenge can
take precedence over this most basic of conflicts. When
faced with battle against the invader, gravest enemies find a
mutual cause. No other grievance can be allowed to interfere
with the quest for independence.

So everyone says.

The reality is more complicated. The vast majority of
Tokyo's supernatural population deeply and sincerely hates
the invaders, and do — when it's not too inconvenient —
work together to make the invaders' stay difficult and to free
Japan's Yin. Many go further and put active effort into
defeating Jade's forces, thus forcing Yu Huang to pay the
highest possible price in souls and resources for every minute
of the Senryo. They give their lives and afterlives to the cause
of Japanese liberation. Others do not.

Some shen — most of them wraiths — collaborate.
There has never been an occupier so brutal that there were
not a few among the conquered willing to help. Yu Huang's
forces offer the usual incentives: wealth (in forms suitable for
the various races of shen) and power (the opportunity to
indulge one's impulses at the expense of the governed).
Many collaborators have very simple desires, such as per-
sonal revenge and security. Others have far more complex
wants. Shadowlands overlords take no interest as long as the
empire's soul quotas get met.

Others do not care about the struggle. So long as they
can go about their own affairs, they have no concern for
what the occupiers do. Creatures of the Yang World and the
material world seldom, ifever, encounter Yu Huang's forces.
Creatures of Yin who most directly feel the occupier's


presence are most concerned with the war. But some of Yu
Huang's servants and allies move beyond the borders of Yin
existence. Nobody completely escapes the war, except through
willful blindness or withdrawal to some pocket realm.

THE OCCUPATION

THE SEAT OF GOVERNANCE: OLD IMPERIAL HOTEL

General Shi Leong presides over the Japanese Occupied
Territory from administrative offices in the Imperial Hotel,
halfway up the hill to the Imperial Palace.

Commissioned in 1913 and finished in 1923, the hotel
was the marvel of its day. The hotel management consor-
tium contracted Frank Lloyd Wright and offered him a
unique set of challenges. Wright's design, incorporating
structural supports based on rudders and anchors, proved
itself in the Great Kanto Earthquake just weeks after con-
struction finished. Every other building in the vicinity fell;
the hotel remained intact.

The visual design of the hotel was as distinctive as its
engineering. Wright fused Japanese themes with American
Craftsman motifs to produce something that, while not
quite like anything else in Japan, found popular favor as an
auspicious edifice.

The hotel fell to Skinlands wreckers in 1967 to make
way for the current Imperial Hotel. (Rising land values made
it cost-effective to replace the old hotel with a taller struc-
ture.) But the old hotel flourishes in the Shadowlands as a
massive relic.

THE COURTYARD OF ETERNAL ORDER

The broad courtyard of the old hotel holds a dozen
five-story-tall poles made of True Jade. General Shi
orders prominent enemies of the Occupation to be
impaled on these poles to demonstrate the might and
earnestness of his forces. Three poles hold short-term
victims, who are mounted for periods from one day to
one year. The general's staff chooses victims to

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

emphasize particular points of current policy. The other
nine poles hold victims for periods of a year or more.
One man, Major Anthony Wayne Pinch, has been
there since 1946. The poles used to stand in the
Shitamachi administrative center but were moved with
the staff in 1967. (The victims get taken down for
healing just before they'd escape into Oblivion.)

THE GALLERY OF THE SEVEN GLORIES OF YU HUANG

General Shi is a man of cultural aspirations. In life, he
was but a simple farmer and occasional bandit; all of his
position and prestige came through loyal service after
death. He ordered the creation of the Gallery of the Seven
Glories of Yu Huang as part of his ongoing effort to show
Japan's Dead the advantages of fealty to the Jade Empire.
The gallery is the only part of the Imperial Hotel con-
stantly open to Japan's wraithly general public (carefully
monitored, of course, by guards using kuei-go prepared at
the Yasukuni-jinja Shrine).

Statues, paintings, calligraphy, and performances trace
Yu Huang's rise to power first on one side of the Shroud, then
on the other. The emphasis throughout is on the intelligence
and virtue that naturally accompany victory, while instruc-
tive placards point out the specific moral failings that led his
enemies to ruin. ,

A recent addition to the displays emphasizes Yu
Huang as the fulfillment of Japanese virtues as well as
Chinese ones. It portrays him as warrior, artist, scholar
and disciplined sage. So far, there has been no demonstra-
bly widespread effect on popular sentiment. Wraiths who
find it inspiring usually thought the occupation worthy
beforehand. The gallery may have some marginal benefit
to the Resistance by keeping talented local artists em-
ployed — and thus out of the forges — while they work at
propaganda on the sly.

THEOLDCAPITAL

Before 1967, General Shi made his headquarters in
Shitamachi, where more of old Edo architecture sur-
vives than anywhere else in Tokyo. The area is rich in
Pathos and very suitable for wraithly operations. Shi's
preference for the Imperial Hotel is partly a matter of
symbolism: It represents, in popular thought, the best of
the Japanese approach to modernity. The hotel draws
on Western ideas (in this case, the architectural genius
of Frank Lloyd Wright) :but' serves the Occupation's
interests best through its proximity tothe seatofem-
pire. By governing from its relic halls, GeneralShi lords |
the triumph of Chinese might over Japanese resistance,

i)


WHERE THE SLAVE-WARRIORS DWELL

The single greatest concentration of Japanese warrior
souls is at the Yasukuni-jinja Shrine, just north of the
Imperial Palace. During the decade of militarism leading up
to W.W.II, the shrine became the most important site in
official Shinto practice. Markers and ceremonies commemo-
rate two-and-a- half-million war dead, including some leading
war criminals. The site is tremendously rich in Pathos, and
the Shroud is much lower here than elsewhere in the city,
due to continued meditation on the war dead.

General Shi could not afford to allow the Japanese souls
attracted to the site to remain free. In short order, they would
have been a dangerous threat to what stability Shi's regime
has. So, he requested assistance from the Immortal Guard in
1935. Yu Huang studied the general's request, decided it had
merit and dispatched a contingent of the Guard. The power-
ful wraithly corps swept through the area, destroyed thousands
of souls and took the survivors prisoner. Kuei-go trainers
followed the Guard.

Since 1935, the shrine in the Shadowlands has been the
Occupation's largest kuei-go pit. The most loyal sons of
Nippon (and a few heroic daughters) become fodder for the
Occupation war machine here.

OUT OF THEPIT

Few places hold more symbolic value to the Japanese
Resistance than the shrine. Both organized and unorganized
guerrillas make continual efforts to break in and free the
prisoners. Unfortunately, they never have much success.

The best planned raids might secure the release of only
a few dozen captives. Most just give the trainers a few more
candidates for conversion. Serious Resistance leaders do
what they can to discourage efforts at liberation, but to no
real avail.

AGAINST OBLIVION

The dark currents of Shadowlands Tokyo provide alto-
gether too much nourishment for wraiths and Spectres who
feed on Dark Passions. Teen suicide, wife-beating, and the
less severe realities of patriarchal and misogynistic life gen-
erate abundant Pathos. So do unsuccessful efforts by
discontented individuals to break free, as their hope-filled
daydreams subside into quotidian drudgery.

This situation creates a problem for the Territorial
Government; it's difficult to govern a population when too
many subjects succumb to Catharsis. Spectres and Harrowings
disrupt the bureaucratic routine.

CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS


General Shi therefore maintains a special corps of shock
troops to keep Oblivion's forces at bay. Territorial courts
grant temporary pardons to convicted Japanese subjects
willing to serve in the Dread Militia (so called because dread
is the primary emotion experienced by its ranks), and Shi
authorizes bonuses to families that provide volunteers. Few
militia soldiers survive a full tour of duty, but those who do
earn further benefits. The militia tracks down Spectres and
seeks out wraiths on the brink of Catharsis to keep them in
custody until such crises pass.

THE SCALE OF GOVERNANCE

Approximately one wraith in a hundred works as part of
the Territorial Government.

Most perform menial work, as do their counterparts
who serve the other institutions of the Necropolis: main-
taining inventory records, cleaning facilities, heavy lifting
and so on. These laborers form the lowest tier of the
Conquest staff — the Night Workers (even though many of
them toil during the day).

The Twilight Workers come next in rank. Wraiths at
this level do work that may call for some measure of
discretion (such as bookkeeping), or that calls for dealing
with wraiths who do not directly serve the Occupation
(such as licensers).

Atthe top, the Daylight Workers labor in ways that call
for individuals to exercise some minute authority. They
supervise offices, set bureaucratic policies, etc.

LABORING WITH HANDS AND MINDS

Confucian scholars separated society into two catego-
ties: those people who labor with their hands and those who
labor with their minds. Like any government, the Occupa-
tion needs both. General Shi always seeks to develop a
broader staff of loyal, trustworthy Japanese — whom he trusts
to a very limited degree.

THEPRAGMATIC

Collaboration motivated by pragmatism thrives when
extremes of prosperity and poverty take hold at the time new
wraiths cross the Shroud.

After a life of unhappiness, some wraiths seek security,
comfort and a chance at all they were denied in life. In Japan
under Jade rule, the safest path to the creature comforts of the
Shadowlands is collaboration.

Collaboration in times of prosperity arises from the
flipside of these concerns. Wraiths who enjoyed happy,
comfortable lives suddenly find themselves facing a difficult
afterlife. If they want to maintain something approaching
their previous condition, they need powerful sponsors. That
means the Jade Empire. So, they turn to collaborating.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

The pool of pragmatic collaborators, therefore,
falls to its lowest levels when Skinlands conditions are
at neither extreme. It rises when Shadowlands deni-
zens see Imperial might expanding, and it shrinks
when the empire suffers visible setbacks. Such defeats
lead the pragmatic to seek other sources of protection
and sponsorship.

THE AMBITIOUS

Beyond security, some wraiths seek power, either for its
own sake or as the means by which they can gratify their
various passions.

In Shadowlands Tokyo, the most prominent routes
to power run through the hallways of the Occupational
government. So, power-seekers travel those hallways.

Yu Huang never allows non-Chinese servants to
attain positions from which they can give orders to a
great number of Chinese souls. The Jade Empire is for the
Chinese, and the Conquered Territories exist to lessen
the burden that reaping souls and relics places upon the
people of the Yellow Springs. But few Japanese power-
seekers are looking for power over the Chinese. They
would not refuse the opportunity, perhaps, but what they
really want is power over other Japanese. They want to
control people like themselves. To this aim, Yu Huang
has no objections.

Power-seekers need more supervision than other
kinds of collaborators. In pursuit of personal advantage,
they are likelier to neglect their duties to the Occupa-
tion as a whole. Yet if placed in positions that offer
them little scope for self-aggrandizement, they become
sullen and inefficient. General Shi's solution is to
assign them work such as collecting relic levies and
confiscating the resources of wraiths executed, en-
slaved or exiled. A moderate level of corruption and
graft in such undertakings hurts no one whom Shi need
care about (as long as Imperial quotas are met) and it
keeps the power-seekers happy.

THE YOUNG

Tokyo has a disproportionate number of young wraiths.
Filled with loathing for themselves and hatred for the sundry
institutions that promised (but failed to provide) support,
some try to become as un-Japanese as possible. Of the young
who survive more than a few weeks in the Shadowlands,
about 10 to 15 percent of each year's "crop" joins the
Occupation government.

Most young wraiths lack useful skills or they suffer the
impairment of fanaticism. Wraiths simply looking for an
opportunity to hurt other Japanese get their wish by becom-
ing expendable shock troops, tossed into situations needing
soldiers and saving General Shi the expense of wasting
trained warriors.


\
Alm

yy'

But some of the young serve more useful functions;
they may become part of the Occupation's traveling
groups of didactic entertainers, or gofers in the Imperial
Hotel (and the many other administrative buildings), or
stoop laborers on construction projects. They serve —
for a while — with very little complaint. They gradually
start looking beyond their roles as cogs in Jade's engine
of destruction. At this point, most go to the forges, but
again, some survive.

If young wraiths can temper their loathing with a
bit of rational judgment, they can become important in
the lower and middle levels of Occupation administra-
tion. General Shi prefers that the majority of the officials
whom Japanese subjects encounter be Japanese. From
clerks to office managers to consultants, the Occupa-
tion needs wraiths who know the area better than
foreigners do.

Each year, a few young wraiths working for the
Occupation are seized by guilt or fresh fanaticism and
they attempt to strike at the beast from within. The
courtyard poles at the Imperial Hotel typically hold one
or two such rebellious bureaucrats just to encourage
correct behavior among their colleagues. Most of the
young who survive and attain permanent positions
hang on to them, however, and they pass into Oblivion
only because of damage to or loss, of Fetters — or any
motivation apart from conscience.

THE REJECTED

The Japanese defeat in W.W.II was a terrible, crushing
blow to many souls. Their expectation was that virtuous
effort would be rewarded. Having met the ultimate humili-
ation, some decided that the virtue taught them was false.
They sought alternatives.

Some of these seekers found intellectual and spiritual
homes in the Imperial reform movements. Others turned
inward, drifting away from society altogether. And among
the Restless Dead, some served the Occupation.

This impetus isn't quite the same one that drives the
Youth Brigades. The Rejected, as they call themselves, are
adults. Many lived long, full lives before dying. They are
not driven by youthful passions and the memory of hor-
mones, but by a profound despair. The Rejected do not
tush to join the Occupation, but once committed, they
tend to remain loyal.

Many wraiths who died in old age take on Corpora that
appear substantially younger than their chronological age at
death. The Rejected almost never do. They see themselves
serving as constant reminders that a lifetime of loyalty to
Japanese ideals brings no reward. They want their appear-
ance to discomfit wraiths who still think the rewards of
Japanese culture warrant its sacrifices.

\ aa" Gai. Hae aia a tae ie a ie Saad a

CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS


THE VISIONARIES

Every two to three generations, a wave of synthesiz-
ing sentiment sweeps through the Japanese intelligentsia.
After visionaries die, they sometimes join the Occupa-
tion government in hopes of using it as a platform for
implementation. After all, here is a solid Chinese pres-
ence in the heartland of Japan. Were it not for the
annoying complication of it being a brutal military re-
gime, the circumstances would be ideal to create the
New Asia here and now.

Visionaries seldom do much good in the serious front-
line duties of killing dissidents, overseeing chain gangs
and the like, but they are useful to the Occupation in
administrative and behind-the-scenes roles. They justify
their cruelties as integral to the process of influencing the
system from within. The very fact of the visionaries'
presence, they reason, marks a synthesis of the two now-
opposed cultures.

To Japanese resisters, the visionaries are among the
worst of collaborators, for they are difficult to bribe as
they're not collaborating primarily for gain. They can be
swayed only by logic or rhetoric, and they resist persua-
sion. And once committed, they stay committed.
Visionaries can rationalize nearly any atrocity as con-
tributing to the greater good.

THE RESISTANCE
CHINESE OPPOSITION

The most organized, widespread opponents of Yu Huang
within the Chinese Shadowlands are the Struggle Against
the Qin (or simply, the Struggle) and the Society of a
Thousand Hands and Eyes. Both operate in the Conquered
Territories, including Japan, but not very effectively. Native
opponents see them as endeavoring to replace one overlord
with another.

THE STRUGGLE

The Struggle makes a great show of native leadership in
its Japanese wing, in the person of 19th-century naval officer
Yintaro Koichi. He takes his duties seriously. He hates the
Occupation passionately. In this instance, the Struggle chose
well. Koichi leads his forces courageously and forcefully.
Japan is no worse off for his efforts (perhaps better).

But Yintaro Koichi lacks intellectual rigor. He was one
of the many old-school officers who committed seppuku in
the early decades of the Meiji Restoration after proving
unable to meet rising standards of professionalism. Innova-
tion and improvisation do not, intersect courage and

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO


persistence in his mind. Yintaro thus settles into tactical and
strategic ruts, and he jolts from them (into new ruts) only
after substantial losses. Rebellious-minded Japanese spirits
have little trust for him unless they share his traditionalism.
Younger spirits turn elsewhere, and the Struggle in Japan
shrivels slowly for want of renewal.

THE SOCIETY

In Japan, the Society became active more than a
century ago, but it has built its strength carefully (in
keeping with its overall philosophy). The vast majority of
active Resistance fighters have no solid information about
the Society or its operations.

The Society likewise has Japanese leadership. Turn-of-
the-century industrialist Ryuichi Tenzo coordinates the
Society's operations in Japan. He shows enough loyalty to
keep the Occupation from seizing his assets, but he bends the
tules sufficiently to maintain his reputation among Resis-
tance fighters. Tenzo seldom ventures from his Chuo-ku
Harbor District HQ, which is a Jade-sanctioned "pawn shop"
that sells confiscated minor relics back to the people from
whom these items have been stripped. Tenzo construes the
service he provides as a means to curry favor with the Senryo,
which he seeks to subvert from the inside.

Tenzo's staff members have fostered an image through-
out the Tokyo Resistance as quiet, polite Restless who
mediate disputes and preserve calm. In truth, they are p'o-
consumed to a wraith and inevitably must fall prey to the
Dread Militia. Fornow, however, with Tenzoas their clueless
front man, these agents of Oblivion carry out their schemes
under dual layers of falsehood.

Tenzo Enterprises calls its conflict-mediators
"reconcilers," and behind the fagade of public peacemaking,
they act as recruiters for the Hive. When they see a promising
young wraith who is not overtly rebellious enough to attract
Occupation attention, they offer advice that is sure to lead
the unsuspecting wretch straight into a Harrowing. Tenzo
reconcilers always accompany their advice with a smile and
say, "The cleansing river flows through many hidden chan-
nels before it reaches the sea."

THE COORDINATORS

One of the challenges facing shen who wish to strike at
the Jade Empire is that their existing quarrels do not all
suddenly disappear. Thus, there's pressing need for someone
to bridge the gap. Futatsu Atama uji, a Genji family, stepped
into the breach.

Atama Jigoro drew his Second Breath in 1601 after dying
at Sekigahara. Before his death, he'd been a hedge magician
with dreams of uniting the secret magical communities of
Japan. As he progressed along the Path of the Thousand
Whispers, he revisited that dream. Jigoro's explorations of the
Shadowlands revealed the breadth of Jade Empire oppression.
His modern-day organization began taking shape early in the

18th century when he fell in love with Omo Keiki, who drew
her Second Breath in 1710. Omo's time in the Yomi World
was harsher than Jigoro's and it pointed more strongly to ties
between the Jade Emperor and the Yama Kings.

The name "Futatsu Atama" was first applied by Jigoro's
rivals within the clan. It means "Two Heads" and mocks the
unusual closeness and mutuality of his relationship with
Keiki. His network, when ithad become extensive enough to
warrant a name, won the label "Gohon Shippo," or "Five
Tails." Omo sometimes draws cartoonish illustrations of a
two-headed monster with tails representing Kuei-jin,
hengeyokai, shinta, wraiths and hsien. Jigoro's insight was
that he, as someone sympathetic to all of their concerns,
could coordinate their efforts.

THE FIVE TAILS

Several dozen shen throughout Asia work in association
with the Two Heads. The supernaturals' operations have a wide
range: mapping out Jade's Byways through Yin realms, recruit-
ing spies and collaborators within the Occupation government,
raiding isolated contingents of Imperial troops or outposts,
making connections with Stygian wraiths to share information,
and in some cases, sowing misinformation among rival Resis-
tance bands to keep them from tangling with one another.

ORGANIZED OPPOSITION

Only a handful of wraithly groups bears the burden of
opposing the Jade Empire. The oldest of them dates back to
the initial invasion, nearly a millennium ago. The constant
war continues to take its toll on their Psyches, and it is a
tribute to sheer force of will that their members didn't all
become ravening Spectres long ago.

FIST OF NIFPON

The young wraith Kitagawa Hideo leads Japan's newest
and largest organized resistance. Fist of Nippon dates back
only to the short-lived era of Japanese freedom after W. WIL
and the Fifth Great Maelstrom.

Kitagawa died in a car accident as a teenager during the
American occupation and worked in Jade's Territorial Gov-
ernment as a minor clerk. During those years, he developed
unexpected aptitudes both for personal combat and leader-
ship. In the early 1960s, Kitagawa's clerical duties alerted
him to the ragged, uncoordinated mob that would become
Fist of Nippon. He helped conceal its existence as he worked
to transform it into an increasingly disciplined force. Unable
to muster great numbers of warriors, he concentrated on
tactics of disruption and sabotage.

In the late '60s, Kitagawa began to travel from his Kyushu
sanctuary to instruct Resistance efforts elsewhere. The name "Fist
of Nippon" arose spontaneously, along with graffiti featuring the

CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS


emblem of a clenched fist silhouetted by the Japanese flag's red The Second Detachment cannot make swift, bold
sun. Kitagawa declines military rank, insisting thathe's unworthy _ moves as can the Third or the First; once the general selects
of it, but he consults with numerous Resistance leaders. a target, his troops spend weeks slowly surrounding it. They
Kitagawa explores other sources of assistance. He's _ use the cover of religious holidays or momentous events in
found common ground with his counterparts in otherCon- _ the Skinlands to gather like a random throng. Then they
quered Territories, and even with anti-Yu Huang factions _strike and disperse back to prearranged sanctuaries through-
within the Jade Empire itself. Kitagawa and his advisors out the city and its outskirts. On occasion, the Spear of Skill
study the techniques of non-Asian wraiths, too. In recent acts alone, and the coordinated efforts of several hundred
years, his followers have begun applying Inhabit to circum- _ wraiths all applying Keening or Phantasm (for example)
vent the Occupation's usual defenses for Citadels, devastating.
foreign Arcanoi are coming due to the Nippon'sssumendn,.tt centuries of the Occupation, Nippon.
Enlightenment Corps. occupying forces both went to ex-
The Fist's exact membershi 0 anged mass attacks that cost
tery. As with any organiza 4 iers, whereas the Occupa-
and dispersed, some bi es that depopulated
while others understa 1 Both e since realized that
wraiths undergo an: 1 g t 1 . it and are not to be
about half of that mtu n one o re $8i01 rt ill have no more
each year.

Resistance

anda great
in the Shada
life. After a
lesced around
family of the

Shadowlands Wa L Vi MS sary, sia

1€ forces of chaos
ent comes to the
too late.

detachments
volunteer aux!

the Spear of Serenget wie f
The Spear of Skill is a s ack to the Tokugawa era. It
fewer than 500 members, ists onl ths aie that were executed for
with high aptitude in comba: i r ey entered the Shadowlands set
Strength members are familiar wit] -Ap- n to find a far more dire opponent. They
onry. The Spear of Great Weight includ lién Swords to unite all Japanese who struggle
—wraiths promoted from the auxiliary ranks but lacking inst the Jade Empire.
any useful skills (i.e., cannon fodder). In reality, of course, they are nothing of the sort, though
The Second Detachment operates in and around To- _ it seems that many of the senior generals believe their own
kyo. (The First patrols the shores of the Sea ofJapan, whereas propaganda. Their thinking is that only scattered small
the Third ranges throughout the Home Islands to make _groupsare effective. Million Swords is more militant and less
surgical strikes against Occupation strongholds.) General _ organized than Nippon Ascending. It preserves the structure
Ujinomo Dazedu oversees the detachments' efforts from a of largely independent daimyo and small bands of samurai,
variety of command posts. The detachments usually disperse who lead huge uncoordinated masses of peasant soldiers.
into units of 10 to 50 soldiers, who present themselves as Nippon Ascending is far more open to leadership by indi-
harmless families going about their business. viduals who were not of the "proper class" in life. Million
Swords is closed to all but the daimyo and samurai classes.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO


This conservatism forms part of Million Swords' appeal.
Lower-class souls who seek an answer to the appalling situ-
ation understand what Million Swords offers them. Precisely
because it is better attuned to the realities of the Shadowlands,
Nippon Ascending seems strange and sometimes threaten-
ing. So, Million Swords makes up in numbers what it lacks in
other regards.

Million Swords' total strength is about 20,000 wraiths,
but its presence in Tokyo, no more than 3,000, is smaller
than that of Nippon Ascending. The force is divided into
two contingents: the Black Knives and the White Knives.
The Black Knives harass the Occupation's lines of support
and communication. Million Swords commanders realize
that their troops cannot survive a frontal assault — or
rather, that they could but would never survive a counter-
attack — so they concentrate on actions that make it
difficult for the Occupation to carry out its routines. The
White Knives engage in small-unit operations with a very
high degree of risk.

UNORGANIZED OPPOSITION

DOOMED CHILDREN

Japan has one of the highest suicide rates among indus-
trialized nations, particularly of adolescent and pre-adolescent
self-snuffitry. The cultural pressure to perform and to refrain
from displays of negative emotions makes for hellish lives for
many students. Every day, some break under the strain and
kill themselves.

Many of these young suicides enter the Shadowlands. Most
goon to meet an unhappy fate. They arrive thinking themselves
to be at last free of the strictures that bound them in life, only to
find matters much worse on the far side of the Shroud.

Survivors learn how to keep a low profile. But not
everyone, and particularly not every student who went to the
grave out of fear, frustration and despair, wants to continue
the sort of existence he fled from the first time.

Occupation policy about impromptu musical exhibi-
tions and other gatherings without explicit political
ramifications varies. Every few years, squads round up the
Elvis imitators and other "ideologically confused elements"
to send them off to the soulforges or to the Yellow Springs as
slave labor. At other times, the patrols just make trouble for
groups that make trouble for the patrols.

Butsome forms of dissent are always punished. The Youth
Historical Movement, for instance, uses Moliate to shape
teenagers into likenesses of great heroes from Japan's history.
It trains them in martial arts as well. The Historicals then go

CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS


forth and fight patrols in commemoration of the Japanese who
chose death over dishonor (and they usually get to join their
inspirations in paying the final price). The Monster Boys and
Demon Girls put on parades for which they Moliate them-
selves into re-creations of great mythical beasts. Their goal is
to ambush patrols that come to round them up. Stalking such
parades long ago became the patrols' least favorite duty.

THE NEW DIVINE WIND

Starting in the late 1980s, a fresh wave of Shinto enthu-
siasm swept some parts of the intelligentsia. Adherents of the
creed enter the Shadowlands to find a totally unacceptable
situation. They have no time to deal with organization or
strategy; they want the invaders punished now.

Divine Wind (or the kamikaze) seeks to purify
Shadowlands Tokyo by fire. The loyal sons and daughters of
Japan are willing to pay any price necessary to drive out the
foreign devils. Nobody else's concerns matter. Heedless of
any other significance Territorial Government buildings
might have, Divine Wind warriors aim to burn down, or
otherwise destroy, relic structures important to the Occupa-
tion. The group's record is questionable. It has increased the
number of homeless souls without doing significant damage
to the Occupation.

GOBLIN SPIDERS

The Goblin Spiders seek the triumph of the Yomi
World, but on their own terms. While the Kumo lords' list
of enemies overlaps extensively with that of the Occupa-
tion, targets have been known to escape when Goblin
Spiders and Jade soldiers turn to fighting each other for the
right to make the kill.

There aren't many Goblin Spiders in Tokyo. Their great
strongholds are near sites of potent, tainted Chi, and though
the capital city is polluted, it has few such sites. But some nest
in Tokyo Bay, where they prey on all manner of traffic.

MUTUAL ENEMIES

Some forces in Tokyo are inimical to the Occupation
and to the Resistance.

THE WAR BETWEEN THE STORES

Of the dangerous unaligned forces, the Colored Manne-
quins are the most ubiquitous.

In the Dreaming, the realm of Capecia holds complex
populations of automata of all kinds. Organic beings here
serve only as labor and as chimerical husks for Capecia's
automaton "children." (See Dreams and Nightmares, p. 78,
for more details.) One form of dream-machine created in
Capecia is the mannikin. Mannikins are faceless creatures
adorned with markings whose geometry eludes comprehen-
sion by creatures of flesh and blood.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

Over the last 50 years, the mannikins (or effigies) have
infiltrated Tokyo. The first effigy lords came in the final years
of the American military occupation, when many new stores
sprang up. These hsien bring their followers into the waking
world through different means. Today, every major depart-
ment store in Tokyo belongs to one effigy court or another.
(So do most minor stores, though not all.)

Within each store, mannikin rulers collect tribute from
the chimerical creatures that dwell there. Most stores are
independent "city-states" at war with their neighbors over
territory. Some effigy lords manage to unify several stores for
awhile, but either their underlings revolt or outside compe-
tition unites just long enough to topple them.

Mannikin warfare can have consequences for the
Shadowlands. Chimerical warfare can disrupt a carefully laid
ambush, or distract a patrol, or prevent shen from finding
sanctuary at a crucial moment. The effigies belong to the
Western paradigm, which flourishes in Japan due to the
incorporation of occidental themes into the Japanese
worldview. Mannikins have no interest in the affairs of other
shen, but they take any intrusion into their department store
domains very seriously. For most shen, mannikin-ruled retail
outlets exist primarily as menaces to be avoided, but the lure
of treasure or information is too strong sometimes.

The major obstacle to negotiation with the effigies is
that their goals are, literally, incomprehensible. They see the
universe in terms that are fundamentally different from the
perspectives of living beings.

TENREI BUNRAKU

The Fifth Great Maelstrom left countless servants of
the Yama Kings and their Malfean counterparts far from
home. Many Spectres quickly became prey, slaves or com-
modities, but some studied their new environment and
struck deals with the supernatural beings of their new land.
Zenrei Bunraku, or Soul Puppetry, is one of the most
successful such movements.

Spectral Puppeteers from the Labyrinth found the con-
dition of Japan invigorating. Tainted Chi, the impending
Sixth Age, the destruction of dragon nests — all were
tremendously appealing. Gaijin Spectres struck deals with
Tokyo's Goblin Spiders and with malevolent Kuei-jin. To-
gether they set out to bring disorder to Tokyo.

Zenrei Bunraku is small, with fewer than two dozen
members, but they have skill (and in the case of the Japanese
members, long familiarity with the locale). They make a
difference — for the worse from the point of view of anyone
not anticipating chaos with pleasure.

Zenrei Bunraku works in teams of three, imitating the
practice of mortal practitioners of bunraku puppetry. In the
human art, the omozukai, or leader, controls the puppet's
right arm, hand, and head. The ashizukai, or second, controls
the legs. The hidarizukai, or third, controls the left arm and
hand. Zenrei Bunraku manipulates not individuals, but


organizations, with a division of labor that parallels the
human art metaphorically. In the Spectral art, the omozukai
attacks the senior leaders of an organization. The ashizukai
takes control of flunkies and junior subordinates. The
hidarizukai concentrates on the individuals who act as liai-
sons and contacts with other groups.

Destroying organizations is difficult. Sufficiently dra-
matic failures attract attention, both human and supernatural,
and lead to the removal of the apparently deranged mortals.
The chief accomplishment of Zenrei Bunraku thus far is the
1967 bank panic. Otherwise, most of the puppeteers' efforts
have ended in limited pain and suffering. But they direct
their energies toward someday shattering the whole of the
Japanese economy.

The other supernatural beings of Tokyo do not yet realize
the existence of Zenrei Bunraku. The various shen who have
helped foil its schemes thus far have dealt only with isolated
Zenrei Bunraku plots. The clues lie strewn among the uji and
other groups, waiting for someone to put the pieces together.

OTHER ENTANGLEMENTS
IMPERIAL RESTORATION

The one thing virtually all supernatural beings in and
around Tokyo agree on is that Japan needs new leadership —
an authority capable of consolidating the warring sects into
an effective and harmonious whole. What they do not agree
on are the terms under which this unity should flourish, or
who should lead it.

KUEI-JIN ACTIONS

THE OLD IMPERIALS

Most Bishamon believe that the 1946 disavowal of
Imperial divinity was the greatest of all the blows that Japan
suffered during and after the Second World War. They
believe that Akihito, by accepting the current situation,
proved himself undeserving. The Bishamon desire his re-
moval, once the forces behind the scenes identify a worthy
heir and build popular support for a renewed declaration of
Imperial divinity. Only with a true Son of Heaven on the
throne can Japan survive the impending terrors.

A splinter group within the Old Imperials, the Phoenix
Phalanx, believes that the Japanese people need to face more
crises to recognize their one true course of salvation. The
Phalanx's leaders awakened too late to their wayward
wrongheadedness, with the realization that akuma among
them had seized control of the group. The Phoenix Phalanx
now instigates crises and exploits existing ones, and it at-
tempts to maneuver the other Old Imperials into dealings
with the Yama Kings.

CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS

THE HANIWA (GUARDIANS)

At the beginning of the Imperial era in Japan, the
practitioners of kofun, or "tomb culture," buried their hon-
ored dead in earthen mounds circled by cylindrical statues of
people, animals and places of residence. These representa-
tions were called "haniwa"; they replaced human sacrifice in
kofun custom.

In the 1940s, a modern-day organization calling itself
"the Haniwa" emerged from the shock and outrage that shen
of every kind felt at Hirohito's renunciation of divinity.
Resplendent Crane and Thousand Whispers Kuei-jin joined
loyal hengeyokai, wraiths, and hsien to keep Imperial secrets
and relics of governance safe.

Members of the Haniwa believe that the first critical
wrong step of the modern age was the Meiji decision to
move the capital from Kyoto to Tokyo. The capital became
disconnected from dragon lines that might have saved the
emperor from confusion, evil influence and simple error.
The Haniwa wants to destroy the Imperial Palace in Tokyo
to force a return to Kyoto.

THE NEW IMPERIALS

Most Genji believe that the events of 1946 are valid
and that, in fact, Hirohito did forsake his divinity when he
capitulated to the Americans. For the last 50 years, Japan
has had no bridge between Earth and Heaven. Genji de-
light in watching progress unfold, but they remain aware of
the modern world's spiritual void. The New Imperials
search for someone among the Japanese who is worthy to
become the new emperor. Such a person must have ties to
the Imperial bloodline (as there is but one Imperial family)
but must be independent of the corrupt fools of recent
generations. In the meantime, Akihito is an acceptable
place-holder — he seems content with his position and
makes little trouble.

THE METSUKE

The ometsuke were the Tokugawa secret police, whose
duties included searching out subversion and discon-
tent. As the New Imperials coalesced into a faction in
the 1950s, they founded a new organization to mimic the
original force. Only Kuei-jin participate; the Metsuke
regard all other shen (including most Kuei-jin) as poten-
tial enemies for having failed to prevent the collapse of
the Imperial era. They are paranoid, accountable to no
one, and prone to acting on odd logic. Their ranks are
small — no more than a few dozen individuals belong —
but they leave a trail of devastation and corpses wherever
they go.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

TH NEW COVENANT

\ Identifying one culture oranotheras heirs to the lost |
tribes of Istael is an age-old pastime for overly « credulous|
would-be intellectuals. On the fringes of the university
scene,in Tokyo (and on the World Wide Web), one
sometimes encounters individuals who earnestly explain
that Japanese culture reflects a "Hebrew legacy." Some
Outer Imperials subscribe to this notion and seek the
new emperor: among the Jewish population of the world.
Most members of this minor faction believe that the

pa py sae ith Age begins, when God
renews His humanity, and ushers. ina
golden age, ice ht tibsines under the leadership

of Hebraic Japanese.

_ Advocates of the New Covenant explain theit views
calmly butenthusiastically— and at very great le
if given the chance. , i *

Gat x

te A

THE TEACHERS

Two Teachers recently founded uji, the Ascending Mist
and the East Margin, advancing the New Imperial cause
through media manipulation. Most of their members reside
in Chiyoda and Shinjuku, neaf the big networks. Some
exercise influence as managers, some infiltrate news outlets
as consultants, and others manipulate mortals from the
shadows.

The Teachers promote a two-pronged message. First,
progress is good and vitally necessary for Japan to fulfill its
potential. Second, progress flourishes best when anchored in
the matrix of traditional belief. The Teachers are laying the
foundation on which to rally public support for a new
spiritual empire. It may take decades, but they have time...
or they would, if it weren't for the looming Sixth Age. The
"short-timers" among both uji feel that the quest for the new
emperor must become public within the next decade, whereas
the "long-timers" prefer to wait a full generation.

So far, the Teachers have managed to settle their dis-
putes peacefully. If a rash of violent, gory deaths suddenly
strikes Tokyo broadcasting, or if slain Kuei-jin begin turning
up in expensive neighborhoods, it could be a sign that
peaceful compromise has exceeded its limits.

THE OUTER IMPERIALS

A few shen interpret the 1946 proclamation to mean
that no Japanese is now fit to be emperor. They seek a new
emperor amongall the other races of the world, to inaugurate
areign of ruthless tyranny long enough to purge evil from the
Home Islands and permit virtue to rise anew. They welcomed
the American occupation as the first step in the purge and see
the Sixth Age as the necessary next step in the renewal of

Japan. Akihito must be deposed and the vestiges of the
Imperial family wiped out to help the Japanese people con-
front the harsh realities of the moment.

THE ANTI-IMPERIALS

The smallest and newest of the factions, the Anti-
Imperials believe that the Imperial era is over. Whether or
not Hirohito was right, and whether or not the situation
was entirely propitious, the reality is that the divine
emperor no longer exists. The Anti-Imperials spend most
of their energy trying to keep the New and Old Imperials
from doing something irrevocably rash. For this tiny
faction, the others' obsessive concern with resurrecting
the past weakens the ability of all shen to deal with the real
issues confronting Japan.

LN

Eastern ic
i-jin had fi e ¢

the impe

No suc

ike of the
Some s
mperia

the Disinterest

THEFACTIONS AND OTHER RACES

In general, creatures other than Kuei-jin who benefit
from or who do not fear modernity tend to be New Imperi-
als, while those inclined toward tradition favor the Old
Imperial vision. Tradition technomancers favor the Anti-
Imperials, as do some of the supernatural community's
deepest-reaching mystics.

JACOB LEDERER'S REVENGE

Jacob Lederer was one of the many Dutch sailors
shipwrecked on the main Japanese island of Honshu and
put to death for the crime of being a European in the wrong
place. Upon death, he became a Mortwight driven by a
potent combination of hatred and fear into the service of
the Yama Queen Tou Mu. Lederer performs a variety of
duties for her, but his driving ambition is to inflict endless
punishment on the descendants of those Japanese respon-
sible for his suffering in life.

Strong in the Arcanoi Inhabit and Pandemonium, with
just enough talent in Lifeweb to trace blood lines, Lederer
prowls Japan in search of targets. When he thinks he's found
a "guilty one," he proceeds to drive the individual to suicide
or an "accidental" death. He has a bizarre psychological
block against directly committing murder, but not against
making his targets' lives unbearable.

Tokyo is currently home to four such targets: a long-
shoreman, a gardener at Narita Airport, a subway-train
operator and a game-show host. Lederer identified them only
recently, and he just began his campaigns of torment. Super-
natural beings who oppose Lederer's goals, for whatever
reason, should take care: If they harm him, they face the
wrath of Tou Mu, who treasures Lederer as a rare gaijin toy.

THE PRESENCE OF THE PAST

Part of China's touring collection of treasures from
Imperial tombs is currently in Tokyo at the National Mu-
seum in Ueno Park. Shen schemes swirl around this exhibition
of antiquities.

Yu Huang assigned Colonel Wing Daiya to lead the unit
of wraiths guarding the artifacts. He and his soldiers have
abilities suitable for affecting the material world as well as the
Shadowlands. Among their powers are Alchemy, Embody,
Outrage, Pandemonium and Puppetry. Colonel Wing is
rather young for a high-ranking Jade Empire official — he
died during the Taiping Rebellion last century — but he has
demonstrated conspicuous bravery and intelligence in battle
and complete loyalty to Yu Huang. (On the other hand,
because Wing is young, Yu Huang does not risk losing a more
experienced senior officer. Yu Huang is no fool.)

Ueno Park is home to another scheme altogether, namely
the reanchored dream realms from the Tomorrow Garden.
Colonel Wing does not yet know what is wrong with his
immediate surroundings, but he knows that something is
amiss here. Some of the soldiers dispatched to find the source
of the strange disturbances never returned. Others came
back delirious, with no useful recollections of what they
encountered. Win; n ortal Guard. The
exhibit includes ies that serve as
cate. Should
@could have
ig stay in
‘his men or
ardsmen

ycherhibic for

dts sacred sym-
bols"), practical one} s can be potent

tools") or both.

CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS


The Sun Wind is among the more destructive
supernaturals. The Sun Wind uji comprises fallen Bishamon.
and the Genji. Its akuma leaders use the motto "Hiroshima
and Nagasaki were a good start." They dream of a Japan given
over entirely to wastelands of tainted Chi. To that end, they
foment unrest, both on the small scale — selling stolen
military nerve gas to would-be terrorists — and on the
national scale — escalating tensions between Japan and its
neighbors. A diplomatic brouhaha over the unexplained
destruction of some precious Chinese antiquities is just the
leaders' sort of thing. Their efforts to sneak bombs into the
museum have all ended in failure, thanks to the alertness of
Colonel Wing's forces. Sun Wind is now considering the
merits of loading a plane with explosives and crashing it into
the museum.

The Strategic Resources Development Cell of Tokyo's
New World Order branch has a different agenda. It hopes to
call the reliability of Japanese security procedures into doubt
and then offer more trustworthy alternatives. The NWO
realized long ago that controlling security services for corpo-
rationsand governments offersa back-door route to controlling
the targets themselves. The Technocrats calculate that a
general rush by Japanese firms to engage NWO front opera-
tions is likely, following a strategic theft and desecration. But
their plans suffered a setback when preliminary scouting
revealed numerous and varied reality deviants in the area.
They therefore summoned a team of HIT Marks to "simplify"
the supernatural complications before proceeding.

The New Imperials have no plans of destruction or
mayhem of their own but suspect that others do. They feel that
Japanese souls capable of striking an effective blow against the
Chinese in this regard might have imperial potential, so they
watch carefully from concealed positions... which they do not
realize that the NWO has identified.

FIREIN THE STRAITS

The tension between Japan and Russia over control of
Sakhalin Island and the Tatar Strait (and by extension, over all
the resources of Northeastern Asia) continues unabated despite
radical changes of government on both sides. Actual physical
conflict, what little there is of it among humans and shen, takes
place mostly upnorth. But diplomatic battles rage in Tokyo. Here,
Japanese policy is made. Therefore, here too are spies, lobbyists
and their ilk, congregating in the hopes of influencing policy.

To the Bishamon, only one issue matters: the ancient
territorial integrity of Japan. All other concerns are second-
ary. Most Genji share a desire for Japan's greatness, but they
recognize that belligerence on this point may cost Japan
opportunities for success on other fronts — ones just as
important or even more so.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO


WHOSE TECHNOLOGY?

Japan owes its place in the modern world economy mostly
tocircumstances it neither sought nor desired; responses to the
harsh reality of imposed "openness" fueled modernization.
Japanese progress has relied mostly on the innovative use of
fundamental breakthroughs made elsewhere.

The Zaibatsu, the Japanese arm of the Technocracy,
maintains uneasy relations with its Western counterparts.
Under a single hierarchy, the Zaibatsu brings together the
different factions of mages that divide into separate Conven-
tions in the West. But the Conventions also send
representatives of their own, who allegedly work as "guests"
of the Zaibatsu.

The Western Technocrats see the Zaibatsu as their
somewhat backward younger sibling: a follower, nota leader.
The Zaibatsu mages see the Westerners as arrogant and
blind, busily forcing Japanese experience into molds that do
not apply. Zaibatsu leaders remember how the New World
Order's predecessors sent only piddling resources when the
Meiji Restoration blossomed and great opportunities opened
—and how the Syndicate, expecting its own way, callously
barged in after W.W.II.

Whether Western Technocrats realize it or not (and
most don't), all of them undergo constant surveillance here.
The Zaibatsu hoards knowledge that the Conventions don't
realize the Japanese possess, and it operates an extensive
network of laboratories in addition to the ones it declares to
the Conventions. While the Zaibatsu's leaders speak the
language of Technocratic unity, they practice something
very different.

FENGSHUTIN TOKYO

Tokyo's extremely high population density means that
each new building or construction project alters the feng
shui affecting hundreds — or thousands — of people.
Knowledgeable observers can trace the rise and fall of
factions among Tokyo's secret masters in the history of
architectural innovation.

The late 1980s and early '90s saw a proliferation of ugly,
alienating designs. Some of them were nothing other than
bad design choices, butsome were the intersection of Zaibatsu
and Bishamon concerns that Japan's people not become
uppity and ungovernable. The two groups manipulated their
respective underlings, and where their orders coincided, the
mages and vampires got more than they ever expected.

The collapse of mortal vigor serves both the Zaibatsu
and Bishamon agendas. Now comes an era of rival im-
pulses. The Bishamon seek to extend the inward turn and
link it to a general abandonment of modernity. The
Zaibatsu, on the other hand, wishes to unleash a tighter,
more disciplined post-industrial Japan on the world. Many

showcase buildings of the 1990s feature peculiar combina-
tions of classical Japanese and Western motifs with
modernist and hypermodernist elements.

The flow of feng shui through such structures is, at best,
unreliable. The people working in one office might receive
fresh vigor and intellectual insight while their next-door
neighbors suffer from perpetual confusion and illnesses.
Walking down long galleries can expose people to alternat-
ing streams of good and bad Chi. Decision-making is difficult
and inconsistent in such surroundings. The confusion in
Japanese policy on many matters rises in part from the bad
feng shui where policy-makers gather.

TAKING STOCK

No creature of the night can directly manipulate the
local stock market; that feat requires ghouls, servants and
intermediaries. But due to global telecommunications, shen
whose lives begin with the setting sun may wield tremendous
influence over other nations' stock markets.

Six P.M. in Tokyo is six A.M. the previous day in New
York and nine A.M. the previous day in London. A Tokyo
Kuei-jin can therefore rise comfortably, enjoy a leisurely start
to the night, spend some hours managing affairs in London,
take a break to feast on some suitable source of Chi, and then
spend the rest of the night fucking with the Dow Jones
Industrial Average. With minor scheduling shifts, the un-
seen market player can participate in other exchanges as
well. Only the major Asian markets require regular use of
agents. Instant access to the major stock exchanges, com-
modities markets and other trading centers costs a lot of
money, but well-connected Kuei-jin have a lot of money, or
they have access to it.

Cautious or paranoid Kuei-jin operate through interme-
diaries hired in the cities where the major markets operate.
Foreigners spending a great deal of money, operating only at
night, occasionally attract attention. Technology enables
humans, as well as shen, to do this sort of thing, and the vast
majority of distant market manipulators never learn of the
Second Breath, the Yin and Yang Worlds, or any of the other
foundations of shen existence. As long as the foreigners'
credit is good, few local market managers care. When scru-
tiny does come, it often does so wrapped in xenophobic rants
about (depending on the locale) the Yellow Peril, the im-
moral West, decadent Americans or some other bugaboos.
The ranters usually discredit themselves without any help
from their targets.

Two complications threaten this quietly lucrative life.

First, other shen engage in the same enterprise. By far,
most of what happens in stock markets and the like reflects
purely human affairs. But some of the stranger sideshows of
merger, sellout, takeover, and so on reflect the economic
phase of war between supernatural groups. The Bishamon
like to arrange long-term schemes that leave Genji invest-
ments suddenly hollow and worthless; the Genji retaliate

CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS


with development programs that encroach upon the tradi-
tionalists' enclaves. Astute hengeyokai and hsien know that
soul-shattering, dream-eroding corruption may be fought
with dollars and yen as well as with claws and swords. But the
Yama Kings' servants include financial wizards with black-
ened souls. These acquisitive robber barons use the markets
to their masters' advantage. What wraiths with Inhabit or
Puppetry seek to gain from the markets may conflict with the
goals of Kuei-jin, the Kindred or other creatures.

Second, local markets face threats from abroad. Just
as Kuei-jin work directly on the markets elsewhere, so do
Kindred, wraiths and others prey on Asian markets. Uji
with a sense of self-preservation, therefore \
petent members to oversee the proc
Stock Exchange and other financial

the Middle Kingdom. Back-tfé

given local trader is worki,

of speculators from Am
more sinister (such ag
proceeds quickly.

ing upstarts, or to rote)
way, or pethap§ )
Sixth Age into

World to be just

of Ether have thei

BLOOD TYPE

Western counterparts do. One su
readily apparent to mortals, is bl i
learn the blood types of all their favorite dl

Western supernatural beings visiting Japan mig
to wonder about this phenomenon. Some fans make a point
of choosing their favorite characters on the basis of blood
type. Is ita Kuei-jin scheme? Or is it merely cultural detritus?
Either way, Westerners who wonder aloud about the practice
draw attention to themselves.

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO

SPEAKING WITH THE MOUNTAIN

In the Dreaming, Mount Fuji is an even more pristine
wonder than in the waking world. And it is home to one of
the Stone Men, which are rocky creatures that live for
thousands or even millions of years, and whose conversa-
tions stretch over centuries. No mortal being lasts long
enough to communicate meaningfully with such beings —
but Kuei-jin do.

The Last Snow uji has spent 900 years making the
acquaintance of the Fuji-Soul, as they call the Stone Man
there. Last Snow Kuei-jin routinely enter the Dreaming and
‘ ‘Soul. He (or she, or it) seems concerned

and has dispensed with pleasantries after a

ry, the points of common
oul began adding new

young uji member
‘Soul meant the
point is being

domiciles in
anything to

tively, the
the

Kuei-jin sometimes
if the Dharma. Just

Shimabara. It was an
ition for the rebels and
Tt was neither led nor di-
as it grew, it gathered support
in, who saw the opportunity to add
r experience of the world. All they reaped
and the loss of possibilities, as Christianity became

a proscribed doctrine.
 Kuei-jin played an important part in building consen-
sus for the Meiji Restoration, and Thousand Whispers
adherents were prominent among them. The move was
intended to reinvigorate Japanese tradition and to better
respond to the challenges of modernity. Instead, it turned
Japanese society upside-down, led the living along ever-
more-treacherous paths of change, and it widened the gulf
between elder Kuei-jin and mortals.


WHAT IS BANAL?

The boundary between invigorating dreams and banal,
stultifying soul-rot exists somewhat differently in Japan than
it does in the West. In particular, much of Japan's mass-
media entertainment sparks a deeper and more complex
identification by its child fans than is usually the case in the
United States.

Japanese toy companies provide detailed character back-
grounds, laying out histories, families, likes and dislikes, and
evolving stories. Merchandising serves purely commercial
purposes — Japanese manufacturers place as much value on
planned obsolescence as their Western rivals do — but it
comes wrapped in narrative justification.

With the building blocks of cartoons, games, albums and
theme parks, in addition to information about birthdays,
favorite foods and countless other details, Japanese children
often construct deeply immersive fan fiction. They pour the
frustrations of urban life and familial deficiencies into their
work. Many Japanese children have far denser fantasy lives
than their American counterparts.

While the raw material is often banal in the extreme,
what the audience does with it is not. Hsien move and prosper
among dreams that might be harmful to changelings not
raised to appreciate such nuances. But for fae who under-
stand, it's a luminous world.

COURTESY IN ALL FORMS

Japanese culture places a high value on various forms of
ceremonial activity. But it is difficult to properly brew and
serve tea or paint an artful calligraphic scroll when in
something other than human form.

Never willing to pass up a challenge to demonstrate
superiority, some of the hengeyokai — except the Kitsune,
who suffer no loss of aptitide in nonhuman forms — have
developed special compensatory skills.

The normal Skills of Etiquette and Expression are at +2
difficulty while a hengeyokai is in Glabro form and +3 while
in Crinos form. But for each such Skill, there is also a special
form taught only to hengeyokai, which has no difficulty
penalty while the artist is in Glabro form, and only +1
difficulty while she's in Crinos form. They involve a combi-
nation of simplified movement and very careful training
(drawing on soft martial arts techniques) to compensate for
lack of fine motor skills.

The simplifications prevent individuals using the
hengeyokai ceremonies from achieving the highest pin-
nacles of artistry. But then, most human beings come nowhere
near the summit, either. Careful, lifelong students of the
hengeyokai forms can, and sometimes do, achieve great
renown for their accomplishments.

THE NEW SUNS SECRET

Borushima Kiro is one among many Japanese executives
who rose to prominence after the American occupation
ended. The Japanese economy had many niches, and several
entrepreneurs saw potential sales in catering to the emo-
tional needs of people (both adults and children) dealing
with the stress of defeat and recovery. Borushima enjoyed
success, but nothing particularly dramatic.

However, Borushima differs from most Japanese busi-
ness owners in one important regard: He's dead. He died as
a young man in a car crash, a few years after founding New
Suns, Inc., the holding company for Friendly Fish Land. He
returned not as Kuei-jin but as one of the Risen, thanks to
contact with wraiths who could teach him the Western
technique. When at last his body began to fail, Borushima
studied the Puppetry Arcanos. Since the 1970s, Borushima's
consciousness has moved from body to body and relied on
plastic surgery to keep the appearance of his Consorts plau-
sibly consistent.

Friendly Fish Land has been an invaluable tool in
Borushima's ongoing search for new hosts. Scattered through-
out the park are numerous representations of the eponymous
grinning carp that whisper nonsensical fortunes in "Janglish,"
which is the Japanese/English mishmash language popular
among young people. Visitors to the park typically step close
to good ol' Friendly to hear what the beloved character has
to say. What they don't realize is that each fish conceals
video relays that feed images directly to the park's executive
office, which a select few visitors eventually get to know
through means they could never have imagined.

Strike Force Zero suspects Borushima's condition (due
to astute analysis of photographs in chronological sequence
— images that suggested erratic aging and inexplicable
height variations on the CEO's part). However, SFO super-
visors do not wish to deal with the problems that would
accompany slaughtering the creator of so many beloved (yet,
secretly malevolent) characters. In this matter, as in others,
infiltration and subversion are the tools of choice: A Zero
Team, disguised as Friendly Fish's park-wandering chums,
now reconnoiters the park.

CHAPTER FOUR: WEAVING UNSEEN WEBS


OF DARKNESS:

WELCOME 10 THE INVISIBLE CITY

-. But clearly, you can see what mortals cannot, for you are one
of Japan's shen — and your kind thrives in this neon labyrinth. If
you wish to meet Tokyo's Restless Dead, you can, but beware the
Jade Emperor's troops. Kuei-jin and Kindred circulate here as well,
but take care whom you choose as friends

— for you shall make powerful enemies,
too. Changelings and Garou? They are
here also, but meddle in their affairs at qeabeye
your peril. You say their whims don't concern SVN

, fas ; Sy
you? You will soon learn, my friend, that in the tenes
Middle Kingdom, there is no middle ground. S2@@s*
S' g

i Fae, Sai a aki
\ WE TRUST YOU'LL ENJOY YOUR STAI
\ From Yu Huang's minions to Wester
opportunists, from hengeyokai to hsien, all

é of Tokyo's supernatural residents are here,
A waiting to share their wisdom — and their
"| appetites — with you. World of Darkness:
Tokyo also contains a city guide, a history
of Middle Kingdom Tokyo, and everything
else you need to set a game in this mysterious
metropolis. The lights of the Roppongi beckon. a

, 3
Will you heed them? AY

WORLD OF DARKNESS: TOKYO = Eyes
INCLUDES:

* The deepest, darkest secrets of the capital city,
from its shadowed past to its nightmarish futures
* Information on all supernaturals in the city,

both Eastern and Western

* Maps, story ideas, and much more

ISBN 1-565'
WW6103

OBLIVioN
