# File: Toreador.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook for VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"


And under this carnival disguise, the heart of an old
youngster who is still waiting to give his all. But how to

be recognized under this mask? This is what they call a

fine career.

— Jean Anouilh, The Waltz of the Toreadors


Music, lights, beauty and blood! Plunge into it.
Grasp it with those clutching, cloying hands. Hold
it against your dead bosom. Raise it to lifeless lips

and kiss it with a mouth that knows nothing but
obscene lies. This is the vibrancy you cannot feel.
This is the raging excitement you have forgotten.
This is the seductive siren's call you lack. This is

inspiration. This is life.


Credits:

Written By: Steven C. Brown

Developed By: Andrew Greenberg
Edited By: Brian Campbell

Art Director: Richard Thomas

Layout and Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook, Doug Alexander
Gregory

Front Cover: Timothy Bradstreet, Grant Goleash

Back Cover: Michelle E. Prahler

Word from the White Wolf Game Studio

We have two new pigeons... er... persons... er...
people here at White Wolf. lan Lemke and Mike
Tinney of Night Owl Productions have decided
to nest in our library, cranking out releases for
Mind's Eye Theatre and running live-action games
at conventions and anywhere hunters won't find
them. When we got them to write bios for us,
Mike said he enjoys long, quiet walks in a DMZ
and Ian likes badger wrestling. Right.

a Fs 4598-8 STONECATE IND. BLYD.
AE , STONE HTN, Gh 30083

U.S.A.
WHITE WOLF
GAME STUDIO

Special Thanks To:

Josh "Aaaaaaahhhhh!!!!" Timbrook, for experi-
encing a cracked water krawler (I mean water
heater).

Sam "I'm Broke!" Chupp, for barking up the
wrong Prahler.

Chris "Summer Vacation" McDonough, for
sharing his photos (and tattoo) with the world.
Richard "To the Sun" Thomas, for his exquisite
sense of timing. Push the Button!

Michelle "Happy Hat" Prahler, for throwing such
a topical party. ~

Ben "Gym? What Gym?" Monk, for the better
things he could have done with those bucks.
Steve "M. Bison" Wieck, for living the honorable
code of the Streetfighter. ;
Jim "Key Chain" Townsend, for getting one that
reveals such a truth — NOT!

Aileen "Nightmare Before Toreador" Miles, for
listening to the soundtrack non-stop while laying
out this book

© 1994 by White Wolf, Inc. All contents herein are copy-
righted by White Wolf, Inc. Vampire The Masquerade (TM) is
a trademark of White Wolf, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduc-
tion without written permission of the publisher is expressly
denied, except for the purpose of reviews.

Disclaimer: The characters and events described in this
book are fictional, any resemblance between the characters and
any person; living or dead, is purely coincidental.

The mention of or reference to any companies or products
in these pages is not a challenge to the trademarks or copyrights
concerned.

Due to the mature themes presented within, reader discre-

tion is advised.

aa Y

ol CS

Pe ti

42

foreador of Note
64

Contents _ 5

th


Clarissa was not happy. She had no choice but to leave.
There just wasn't time to see her stepdaughter's performance as
one of Santa's reindeer. Her husband would understand as
much as any human could. Explaining it to Mandy, her
stepdaughter, would prove to be a little more difficult, how-
ever. Clarissa walked out of the auditorium to her convertible
BMW.

She was already running late, and Annabelle would not be
pleased. It was expected that undead guests would be fashion-
ably late, but Clarissa was still a neonate, and the deadline for
fashionably late ended over an hour ago.

Clarissa put the pedal to the floor and ignored all the red
lights she could. Her straight, black hair whipped behind her
in the cold Chicago air, but she did not notice. While she had
dressed more for the school play than for a Guild party, her
white blouse and gray skirt hugged her shapely body which,
coupled with her gorgeous dark blue eyes and perfect smile,
would make up for the outfit's lack of flair.

The party was being held at one of Annabelle's many
extravagant mansions. Clarissa knew the location of three of
them, but there were certainly more. Each home had a huge
hall that served as her gallery for displaying the works of her
favored artists: Max Ernst, Juan Mird, Salvador Dali, Alexander
Rodchenko, Francis Picabia, Gianlorenzo Bernini, Caravaggio,
Rubens and others. The ghoul servants who cared for the
mansions were all attractive, and none of them appeared to be
over 25.

As many as 40 Kindred would show up at the more promi-
nent socials, all dressed in the finest of fashions and accompanied
by their ghoul consorts. The refined Damned who gathered for

them always provided witty and provocative conversation. If
only the mortals in the nearby houses could have known what
savagery was seething beneath the coats and evening gowns of
these honored and mannerly guests.

Clarissa handed the keys to one of Annabelle's valets and
entered the mansion. One of Darian's ghouls immediately
greeted her and took her coat. Clarissa studied his features as
he hung her coat on the huge mahogany hat stand in the front
sitting room, but she could not place where she had seen him
before. Darian inevitably made ghouls of artists with limited
talent, and Clarissa took pride in the fact that she never knew
them.

Clarissa quickly made her way through the front parlor. The
room was filled with important Cainites in antique Queen
Anne chairs discussing current Kindred events. Clarissa hur-
ried to the next room, only taking time to note that Annabelle
had the good grace not to place couches in the room. These
noted undead would not have the displeasure of sitting beside
one another.

She spotted Annabelle talking with the beautiful raven-
haired neonate, Portia, and her handsome and narcissistic
lover, Bret Stryker. Bret once belonged to Annabelle, and
Clarissa was struck by how flagrantly he and Portia flaunted
their relationship before Annabelle.

Annabelle turned as Clarissa approached. "Darling! It is so
good to see you," Annabelle said with feigned delight. "I'm glad
you made it, even though we've already toasted Darian's
success in New York. I'm sure you'll love his work. It's quite
unusual for him... a radical departure from his last showing."

Introduction _» 7

Clarissa said little to Annabelle. Annabelle had a way of
twisting what Clarissa said, making her feel ignorant and rude.
Annabelle knew about Clarissa's former rivalry with Darian,
and Clarissa did not want Annabelle to remind her of it in a
room filled with her peers.

The pair entered a long hallway filled with various sculp-
tures. Despite Clarissa's dislike for Darian, his works were
incredible. She had long considered him a poseur, no matter
what the other Toreador claimed, but this challenged even her
conviction. As she moved around the works, she joined in a
number of discussions concerning various pieces.

"The texture in this is just amazing. lt conveys to me that
Darian had a real vision when he created this. | can see the
energy of his libido springing forth form all angles," one critic
proclaimed.

"The juxtaposition of those figures is outstanding. The
interval and rhythm are such that he evades direct symbolism,"
another announced.

Such lofty praise usually meant nothing, but in these works,
she could see the critics were right. She examined one of the
larger bronze works, Acclamation of the Pariah, which showed a
pitiful figure tormented by something looming outside the
work. She could feel the force's presence as much as the
character in the work could. And then it hit her.

Her mind shut down all outside functions. She let herself be
drawn into the work. She followed every line, every contour
and each pattern that emerged. The work took on new mean-
ings, deeper meanings. Her subconscious was being altered by
it, scarred by it. The work was powerful because the emotions
it conveyed were real.

Clarissa saw what lay outside the work itself, what fright-
ened the figure in it so much. It was fear of the self, fear of utter
failure, hopelessness, meaninglessness— it was the Truth. The
work had not let her senses go so easily. The revelations were
not over, and the mechanisms in her mind refused to shut
down. Then she saw what was never meant to be seen, and she
knew the most horrible secret buried within the work— Darian
had nothing to do with its creation. It could only be the work
of her missing sire, Emily.

Clarissa left the party early. She knew she had to reveal
Darian as a fraud. She had long sought to do so, and now she
would destroy him. Her three ghouls, Peter, Jacob and Bill,
would aid her by spying on Darian. Her Jacob was once a police
detective. Besides, Darian's flamboyance would make it an
easy task.

The next night, as her ghouls scoured the city for clues,
Clarissa sat in her big lazy recliner, gazing at Emily's ring. It
seemed as though she found it an eternity ago. She had picked
it up from the dewy grass of the cemetery, where Michael Paine
accidentally dropped it as he ran away. Another Kindred was
running from the site after his clandestine meeting with

Michael— the Sheriff, Balthazar.

8 @ Clanbook: Toreador

The only reason Clarissa withdrew from her performance
work was to hone her vampiric powers until she could use them
against Michael and the Sheriff. She had hopes of capturing
Michael Paine and torturing him for information about Emily.
Now he was gone, destroyed by Lupines in their attempt to take
the city. Ewell, as Sheriff referred to himself after Lodin's
demise, was still too dangerous. He had gained the primogen's
support after helping to restore order to the city.

Asher thoughts drifted, her gaze was locked on the intricate
detail of the ring. Before she could react, she found herself
fixated upon its design. She fell into the fascination, taking
pleasure in what other vampires considered her clan's weak-
ness. -

Suddenly, a shock ran down her spine as a new image took
form— an image of the ghoul who accompanied Paine and
Ewell in the graveyard. "My God," she screamed aloud. He had
taken her coat at the party. He was Darian's ghoul— she had
overheard Darian tell him to return to his haven to check his
phone messages.

Questions boiled in her brain. What was the connection
between Darian and Ewell? Could they be connected to the
Sabbat? Darian was going to New York, and the Sabbat still
controlled that area. The ring's spell over her finally faded, and
she awoke from the nightmare to find herself still in her easy
chair, crying bloody tears.

By the next night, her ghoul Peter had discovered Darian's
huge phone bill. Most of the calls went to two Manhattan
numbers. One number checked out as the gallery, but the other
was untraceable. Clarissa's only choice was to follow Darian to
New York. Bill and Peter could go on ahead, while Jacob would
travel with her. Then, imagining that she could hear her dead
heart beating, Clarissa called Annabelle and arranged a meet-
ing near the Fine Arts Theatre early the next night.

Upon awakening the following sundown, Clarissa adorned
herself with a beautiful black silk dress, clipped her hair to
about half its normal length and put on a perfume her sire had
used to drive Annabelle mad with passion. Then she did
something she had never done before. She put on Emily's ruby
ring.

The coffeehouse where they were to meet emptied shortly
after Clarissa arrived. The mortals had merely been there
biding their time before a play. Clarissa waited for Annabelle
until 9:30. She was about to leave when she saw the Toreador
leader come through the door.

Annabelle had tied her hair back in a ponytail. She wore
jeans anda flannel shirt. Her look did not fit her image, but she
still stood out as the most beautiful being in the room. Clarissa
lost herself in Annabelle and remained quietly entranced as
the angel walked over and sat down across from her.

"I love you, Clarissa," Annabelle said. The words struck her
like a blow, and they returned Clarissa to her senses with an
explosion.

th

"What?" Clarissa exclaimed.

"T said, ‘What can I do for you, Clarissa?" Annabelle said,
smiling.

Disconcerted, Clarissa wondered what Annabelle had re-
ally said, and then shook her head. "I need a favor."

"Really." Annabelle shifted moods, suddenly becoming
very serious.

"I need permission to go to New York City for an indefinite
time. I need you to make a call to your friends there," Clarissa
declared.

Annabelle looked into Clarissa's eyes. She seemed about to
refuse, but then her eyes glanced down to Clarissa's hand, and
she caught herself. "Do you know what you're asking of me?"

Clarissa found her throat too dry to answer, and nodded
instead.

"And what do you offer in return?" Annabelle asked

"Another drink is a

"This would be your'second. You would only need one
more," Annabelle said without emotion.

shave to give," Clarissa whispered.

"T know."

Annabelle's only response was a smile. She ordered the
waiter to bring her an empty cup. Once the mortal left,
Annabelle drew her wrist quickly across her mouth, and
Clarissa caught only the barest hint of a fang before Annabelle
allowed her vitae to spill int the cup. Then Annabelle licked
her own wrist until the red line across it was gone.
Without speaking a word, shi ed the cup across the table,
and Clarissa drank.

"T will make the call as soor
to New York, you will be und
member known as Shawnda De
1 ility for their
actions," Annabelle said. ‘Now, having tak é iness,
tell me what you think of Son's new friend.

: Aher up, along witl
LaGuardia Airport. He to
he had rented for them near Central Park. Un
Darian's show, Clarissa only left the hote,
ghouls managed to check out the gallery.
opening, Clarissa had made her plans, and
gallery party from across the street, hiding in
a young man she effortlessly seduced.

For hours she sat there, watching Darian th
windows of the gallery as he mingled with his gues a
when the gallery closed, Darian left with another man, most

likely Kindred, although Clarissa could not tell. If the stranger
was Kindred, he was most likely Sabbat. She had to follow,
reminding herself to thank her mad friend lan for teaching her
how to fade into the night.

When the pair walked under a streetlight, Clarissa got her
first good look at the stranger. He seemed to be a man in his 50s,
with short gray-black hair and a well-trimmed moustache and
beard. He wore an expensive black suit, carried a tan trench
coat under one arm, and held a walking cane in the other hand.
His aura was a pale light blue and was filled with the black
tendrils of a Diabolist.

When the two sat on a bench on the outskirt$ of Central
Park, Clarissa drew as close to them as she possibly could. She
focused her thoughts and remained very still, tuning into their
conversation from a distance where most humans would have
been unable to tell that a conversation was taking place.

".. as | promised. I haven't betrayed you. Besides, [ want it
even more than you do. Just doas I say and everything will work
out fine," the stranger said in a deep, gravelly voice.

"I will do as | have promised. But I need the rest of Emily's
work now," Darian said.

"You will have it when I say so. Not before. You still have
work to do," the stranger replied harshly.

Clarissa heard Darian stand and rub his hands together —
an action he usually took when he was exceptionally nervous.
"My Blood Cult is growing stronger night after night," he
explained. "Everything is going according to plan. You have no
right to say I have not proven myself. I will destroy them."

"You will wait until 1 give you the go ahead. 1 want to see
what happens with Balthazar first. If we are lucky, the primogen
will make him prince. Then we can remove anyone who poses
a threat to us. Within a year, Chicago will fall," the stranger
said.

faithfully," Darian

t be careful. You
‘ou. | have to go. |
. We must meet

issasaw him walk off into the
‘retiring to the streets
at.she had heard,

would be away—

Introduction » 9

th


_ Chapfer One:
The Despised |

and Adored

What happens when the intoxication of success has evaporated?
— Bauhaus, "Silent Hedges"
g

Effete poseurs, naive dreamers, hedonists, lovers, creators of
beauty, sardonic critics, murderous seducers and devout vi-
sionaries— the Toreador are all these things and more. The
Toreador, despite their vampiric nature, are more like us than
any other Kindred, for they still possess the energy and vision
they had in life.

Though they intermix with the kine more than other
Kindred, they hide behind the Masquerade they have created,
keeping their secrets safe. As we get a glimpse of them, do not
fix your gaze for too long. They are masters at perfecting
appearances. We can only see a brief vision of what they
truly are.

A Brief History of
the Toreador

Don't mock the faith . . . to hell with the truth! As the history of
the world proves, the truth has no bearing upon anything. It's
irrelevant and immaterial . . .The lie of a pipe dream is what gives
life to the whole misbegotten mad lot of us, drunk or sober.

— Eugene O'Neill, The Iceman Cometh

The Hellenistic Period

Toreador spread across the ancient world, playing promi-
nent roles in Crete, Mesopotamia and other lands, but Ancient
Greece hosted the first concentration of the clan. Here they
brought about the establishment of civilization as they per-
ceived it should be.

The Kindred were as gods to the kine, and some Toreador
claim they inspired Homer and others in creating the tales that
became Greek mythology. Even after the age of heroes, vam-
pires continued to play an important role in Greece, and the
Toreador were a major factor in Athens. Even faeries and
mages joined the Kindred there. For a while, it appeared as if
Arikel was trying to establish a third city, one far greater than
the first two.

The Lasombra and Ventrue who controlled Sparta had no
desire to see Athens overtake their city in political influence.
Thus, the Peloponnesian Wars were fought. The war left the
Toreador in power, but any chance of turning Athens into a
great city had passed. Within a few generations, the Ventrue
and Brujah of Macedonia invaded Greece. They cast the
Toreador from power, Arikel's messengers disappeared, and
the clan was no longer united.

The Punic Wars

After the decline of Greece, Toreador spread out across the
Mediterranean and into Persia. A number of Toreador went to
the city of Carthage, joining the Brujah to continue their
pursuit of the arts. Over time, Carthage drew not just Brujah
and Toreador, but Kindred of all bloodlines. Together, they
began a united quest for Golconda.

At the same time, Rome, controlled by the Ventrue and
Malkavians, was becoming a major power. The Ventrue wanted
control over Carthage, and this led to the Punic Wars. At first
it appeared as though Carthage would triumph, but the wars
were long and bloody. Eventually, most Kindred realized both
sides were near equals. Rumor has it that a Toreador traitor
provided the Ventrue with the information they needed to

Chapter One _® 11

ck

A Frightening Legacy

My dearest Geneveve: I have come across the most darling little story, and thought you would appreciate it. All my love, Rafe C.

One night, shortly after Caine became ruler of the First City, he sat atone in his palace. While the people of
the city worshipped the First Immortal, crafted sculptures and sang songs in his honor, loneliness set in, for even
with their love, Caine was the only one of his kind. He left the city for the desert, where he encountered a tribe
of nomads.

Among the nomads was a youth of such great beauty that Caine was struck dumb. Caine took the youth back
to Enoch, watched the child grow and, when the child became an adult, made his beloved the first Born. Later,
two others were also Embraced, but they are not important to our story.

The First Born, who remains nameless (though not forgotten), became the prince of the first City. Uhe new
prince served Caine zealously, bringing him gifts of incense and gold, though such things did not hold value For
He Who Was Cursed. Caine sought only forgiveness, but he knew now that the city he had created For good had
become decadent under the rule of his First Born.

It came to pass that Caine's two other childer made childer of their own. Caine was Furious, for he knew their
misplaced Love of him would be blasphemous to the Father of his Father. After the Deluge came and the First
City was destroyed, Caine wandered the deserts once more. Misery tore at his heart, For he knew what he had
created should never have been.

The First Born, who had not created progeny, came before his Father and bessed For his return. His pleas Fell
on deaf ears, and Caine slipped into the night. The First Born returned and joined his brother and sister, and their
own progeny, in creating the Second City.

The loss of the Father and the destruction of the First City hardened the First Born. The survivors worked
to build the Second City, but the First Born sat at the center, alone in a sea of servants, worshippers, soldiers
and merchants. It was not long before the First Born Felt as the Father had Felt and Finally made his own progeny
to ease the loneliness. These twins, a brother and a sister, were named Malkav and Arikel.

Arikel was a sculptor— an odd profession for a woman in those times, yet her work silenced those who woutd
have spoken against her. She was Embraced because her wondrous creations spoke to the heart of the First Born,
the one who had sired both her and her brother. The First Born was kind to her, providing her with everything
she would ever need to continue ber work throughout eternity. However, the First Born demanded she not
produce any progeny of her own.

The young immortal pursued her art for decades, but eventually she grew weary. While she loved the company
of mortals, and immersed herself in it, she Found it somehow lacking. Eventually, the urge overtook her and she
Embraced one she did not wish to see srow old. Her passion had overwhelmed her, and she knew she would be
punished.

Seeking any way to avoid this Fate, she convinced Brujah, another of the Third Generation, to slay his sire,
whom he hated very much. The war between the ages erupted. She gathered those of her generation, and
together they banded together to destroy their parents.

Legend has it, however, that the First Born, sire of the sire of the Toreador, survived. Escaping into the desert,
the First Born Followed the setting sun as his Father had done and was never heard from again. Some sugsest
that Arikel could not bring herself to slay her sire, while others say she merely did not set the chance.

Thus. for those who would believe old legends like this one, it might be said the Toreador is the eldest of clans,
for its line is unbroken. Caine still exists. The First Born still exists. Arikel still exists. And her progeny have
continued to multiply.

12 @_Clanbook: Toreador

defeat the Carthaginians, though the Toreador say this is
typical Brujah whining.

Whatever the case, the Ventrue and their mortal legion-
naires protected the Toreador who came to Rome after the
sack of Carthage. Toreador like to brag that it was the Toreador
art, architecture, theater and love of beauty that made Roman
civilization great.

By the time the Roman Empire fell, many of its Toreador
had moved to Byzantium, where they believed they were safe.
Some claim that if the Toreador had never left, the Western
half of the Empire would never have fallen. Others say a
traitorous Toreador provided the Brujah, Tzimisce, Giovanni,
Lasombra and Gangrel with the information and aid they
needed to destroy Rome. Many elder Ventrue believe this, and
they secretly harbor a grudge against the Toreador they will,
one night, repay.

Byzantium

The Toreador benefited greatly from the decline of the
Ventrue in Rome. They established themselves in Byzantium,
secretly controlling much of what happened there. While

Sf OR

there were grave conflicts with various groups of mages, as seen
through the Iconoclast Controversy, the Toreador claimed a
great deal of power.

Haughty and proud, the Toreador of Byzantium managed to
offend almost all the other groups of Kindred, but no one could
equal their incredible talents at intrigue and subterfuge. In-
deed, some Cainite scholars say this period shaped the Jyhad
into what it is today, and "Byzantine" became a lasting word for
intrigue and complexity. Under Toreador direction, Byzantium
had its Golden Age.

Between the 10th and 12th centuries, however, the Brujah
became more powerful in the city and, under the direction of
many ancient Kindred, became the Toreador's equals, Torea-
dor claim, with some justification, that this period led to
Byzantium's eventual collapse, for Brujah-controlled noble
families battled the families controlled by the Toreador, and
outside enemies began to cast covetous glances at the empire.

Other Toreador, unwilling to share their city, banded to-
gether to cast out the Brujah, but their battles greatly weakened
the empire. Orher clans and enemies of Byzantium took
advantage of their weakness, and attackers from cast and west

Chapter One_® 13

14

@_Clanbook: Toreador

beset the empire. Though they succeeded in reducing Brujah
influence in Byzantium, by the 15th century, other forces
combined to destroy what the Toreador had created. Thus, the
Byzantine Toreador were chased back to Italy, where they
helped start the Renaissance. .

The Middle Ages

While some believe the time between the fall of Rome and
the beginnings of the Italian Renaissance was a "Dark Age", it
was not so. When Rome fell, many Toreador headed south and
east to more civilized cultures, leaving Europe to their less
sophisticated kin. African civilizations flourished during this
time, and Islamic culture reached its peak during the 9th
century. Toreador influenced many Islamic writers, musicians
and architects.

During the ninth century, Europe also become more appeal-
ing. With the rise of the Carolingian Dynasty, the arts began
to grow there once again. A few Toreador, such as Callisti y
Castillo, actually returned to Europe during this period and
established political foothotds. Unfortunately, the Giovanni
and Ventrue had great control over the Church, and the
Brujah and Lasombra wielded much of the secular power.
Despite this, the Toreador became entrenched in Europe.

During the Late Middle Ages, the Toreador set to work on
the creation of new art. Looking back to the work they
produced with their sires in Greece and Rome, and remember-
ing their own efforts in Byzantium, they began laying the
groundwork for the Italian Renaissance. New interests in
Humanism, literacy and education spread across the continent
and eventually led to the Renaissance.

The Renaissance

A general Renaissance swept Western Europe at the end of
the Middle Ages, but nothing could compare with what took
place in Italy. In a bold attempt to claim power, the Toreador
took advantage of the growing curiosity and eagerness of the
kine, and, through their efforts, both the clan and the Renais-
sance thrived.

Those living during the time clearly recognized it as a new
and better age. Through their unique methods and allegiances,
the Toreador assumed control over much of Italy. However,
the process was not asimple one. Just as the Toreador intrigued
against the other clans, their own interpersonal rivalries com-
plicated their efforts.

The Renaissance involved far more than art, education and
literature; it was a new age for both Kindred and kine. Though
there had heen a gradual rebuilding of civilization after the fall
of Rome, the Toreador were back in full force. Through its
efforts, humanity changed forever to suit the vision of the
Toreador.

Some would claim the Toreador's efforts were not without
cost, for they were the catalyst for the greatest changes among
the European Kindred, leading to the Reformation, the Roman
Inquisition, the Age of Reason and more.

we
The Napoleonic Era

Though the kine were actually responsible for the French
Revolution, the Brujah, Sabbat and Setites milked it for what
it was worth. They chased many Toreador from France, though
rumor has it that anarch Toreador greatly contributed to this.
The Toreador who had not fled with the nobility managed to
use their influence among the squabbling Brujah. The release
of Napoleon Bonaparte from prison was one result. After
Napoleon emerged victorious over the masses and saved the
Directory government, the Brujah and Toreador worked to-
gether to affect his appointment as a general.

The Brujah had hesitantly agreed to this collaboration. It
proved to be their undoing. Napoleon was a strongly indepen-
dent kine who crushed the plans of the Brujah, though he
unknowingly aided the French Toreador by acquiring and
bringing to Paris many of the greatest works of art in European
history.

The Modern Age

Other clans complain that since the onset of the Industrial
Age, the Toreador have become a stagnant clan. They hold a
great deal of power, but they seldom use it. Its members have
once again turned to their pursuits of pleasure and the arts.
Some say the Gothic-Punk world is entering a new Dark Age.
Only time will tell whether or not the Toreador will be able to
lead the world into a new Renaissance.

Around the World

While this clanbook looks at the Toreador in general, it is
worth noting some important interests of the Toreador in
various parts of the world.

North America

The Toreador of North America are second only to the
Ventrue in power within the Camarilla, and they have achieved
this success without suffering the distrust the Ventrue have.
The Tremere are not too happy with the situation, and they
have turned many Toreador into enemies by quietly and
gradually siphoning away power and authority for themselves.
Perhaps this quiet aggression will force the Toreador to take
some united action. Despite the Tremere's magical potency
and solidarity, a united effort from the Toreador would be a
terrible threat to the Warlocks.

Despite the fact that the Toreador and Nosferatu seem like
natural opponents, the Toreador manage to keep their troubles
with them to a minimum. Some Brujah and Ventrue claim
there is something sinister going on between the two clans,
possibly an alliance, a secret network or something even more
dangerous. Toreador who hear this rumor smile smugly, though
if someone were to repeat it to a Nosferatu, the Sewer Rat
would probably look at her as if she were mad.

Beauty and the Beast

There is a myth most fitting for the most beautiful and the
most hideous of the Kindred. While wandering through the
gardens of the city, Arikel the beautiful met Nosferatu,
another Kindred a little older than herself. As Nosferatu was
the most beautiful being Arikel had ever seen, the two fell
hopelessly in love. They began resting in crypts together,
feeding from one another from sunset to sunrise. Within a
short time, each was Blood Bound to the other.

Their affair went on for decades, but Arikel noticed that
Nosferatu's renowned vanity was more than a keen interest.
It was an obsession— an obsession to hide his greatest flaw.
Nosferatu's face bore a blemish, asmall mark placed upon him
by Caine himself. Even blood could not heal the scar. Arikel
began to worry for her lover and decided that if she could not
help him rid himself of the mark, she would help him accept
it.

One night, shortly after they had risen from their tomb,
Arikel mentioned to Nosferatu that he should not let such a
little scratch bother him. She told him that she could accept
his beauty, even though it was flawed. Nosferatu fell into a
rage unquenched by the blood of a dozen young mortals.
Arikel tried to stop his frenzy, but could not. Nosferatu
skulked out of the city, ashamed of his actions, and fell into
a deep depression— not because of the crimes he had
committed, but because he was not the most beautiful crea-
ture in the world anymore. His secret was out.

Nosferatu mutilated his own face. If he could not be the
most beautiful, he would be the most horrific. Because of his
Blood Bond with Arikel, Nosferatu could not bring himself
toslay her, for he loved her so. Still, he tormented her and her
progeny for a long time. Arikel took no action against him,
and her pity only drove Nosferatu to further extremes in his
insecurity, which he expressed through evil and mayhem.

Supposedly, Arikel met with Nosferatu one final time in
Rome during the secondcentury. They came toan agreement
and broke their mutual regnant over one another in some
mysterious and unknown way. They parted without good-
byes or forgiveness. Although they were no longer bound by
the bload to one another, some claim that they still secretly
harbored deep love for one another.

Perhaps this tale is a lie. Perhaps not.

In Mexico, the Toreador are the most powerful of the
Camarilla Kindred, controlling Vera Cruz and other areas. A
long time ago, the Camarilla of Texas used Vera Cruz as a
gateway into Mexico in their fight against the Sabbat. How-
ever, in the last hundred years, the Camarilla Kindred of Texas
have become involved in problems of their own, and the
Kindred of Vera Cruzare sitting ducks. Despite this, the Sabbat
seems to believe the facade of strength shown by the Camarilla
in Vera Cruz.

Chapter One _» 15

th

Central and South America

The Toreador have the most influential clan in South
America. They make up the greatest percentage of Kindred
and boast a number of the continent's princes. However, there
are almost no Toreador in Central America, as the conflicts
there are not to their liking. Most Toreador of South America
are filthy rich, possessing huge estates and enormous herds
composed of locals of great beauty.

Europe

The Toreador of Great Britain play almost no role in the
current turmoil besieging the Camarilla. While the Tremere
and Ventrue struggle to destroy one another and claim the
mantle of leadership, it appears that the Toreador are true
neutrals, interested only in survival. However, this may not be
the case. Some claim the Toreador are in league with certain
powerful and ancient Gangrel, though this is merely a rumor.

For the Toreador, France is the center of their world, and
Paris lies at the very heart of it. In France, the Toreador
outnumber and overpower any other clan by at least three to

16 @_Clanbook: Toreador

one. The country is the sole bastion of their continued solidar-
ity. In Paris, Toreador elders may be found sharing the night
with one another, free to roam the halls of the greatest Elysium
in the world.

There are few Toreador in Germany. While many of the
country's Ventrue leaders welcome them, others make them
distinctly unwelcome. Even in Berlin, the height of German
culture, Toreador often find themselves to be the target of
violent opposition.

Toreador are numerous in Barcelona, Spain. They take no
side in the war between the Tremere and the mages, but they
make every effort to use the situation to their own personal
advantage. Toreador still visit Spain regularly despite the
dangerous situation there.

In Italy, several cities belong to the Toreador, including
Naples, Milan, Genoa, Pisa, Verona and, most importantly,
Florence. Milan also has a sizeable number of Lasombra, who
protect the city. Despite the fact that other clans go to
extremes to protect their own areas, the Toreador travel freely
throughout all of Italy. Italy is often the first place Toreador
visit when they begin their world travels.

ve

Eastern Europe

There are very few Toreador in any part of Eastern Europe.
The Oradea League of the "Old Clan" Tzimisce, the Inconnu
and the Russian threat tend to make this region of the world
off-limits to Toreador travellers. Things are really bad in
Russia, one of the few places Toreador used to risk visiting. Not
even the most powerful clan members are willing to risk a
conflict with whatever is controlling the country.

Africa

Many Toreador have become enraptured by the natural
beauty found throughout many parts of the continent, and the
clan used to play a prominent role in the northern part of the
continent. However, few make their permanent havens here
any more. Those who do are among the most adventurous of
the clan. Some clan members in the southern part of the
continent are said to possess strange powers and are allegedly
in league with Lupines who protect the nature preserves.

Middle East and Near East

Many Toreador are attracted to the art, architecture, history
and culture of these regions. Despite warnings by the Assamites,
Followers of Set and others, they continue to travel these lands
seeking out some of the greatest and most exotic pleasures in
the world. A few Toreador Ancients maintain permanent
havens in Yemen, Iraq, Jordan, Syria, Egypt and Turkey. Many
of these Toreador maintain personal cults to deal with any
threats to their security.

Chapter One _?

€£


Chapter Two:
- Onlife Amons

the Beautiful
Damned

‘Living' for Your Work

The Devil whispered behind the leaves, "It's pretty, butisit Art?"
— Rudyard Kipling, The Conundrum of the Workshops
The Toreador exist in a world of darkness, a world where
exploitation and unpredictable violence reign supreme. Turn-
ing their hearts and minds away from the ugliness they must
endure, they give themselves entirely to their vision of perfec-
tion. The pursuit of beauty is their noble vocation. As they
follow this pursuit, the Masquerade requires them to draw
upon what is held deep within their hearts. They must imitate
humans to survive. However, although they love humans and
live like humans, they will never be human again.
Nonetheless, their unlifestyle is dear to them, and to keep it,
they would give up everything other Kindred hold dear, in-
cluding political strength, ungodly wealth and personal power.
Toreador see such things as mere trappings of the mortal world.
Many Kindred pursued these things when they were alive, and
many pursue them even more fervently now. The Toreador,
however, look directly to the source of these trappings by
examining the mortal world. They quest for something mor-
tals hope these trappings provide— the "Good Life". By
pursuing this quest, they have found a way to cope with the
Beast that not many have found.

Playing the Mortal

Her heart is racing ... you can't keep up
The night is bleeding like a cut
Between the horses of love and lust
We are trampled underfoot
— U2, "So Cruel"
The Toreador love of humanity is a tainted affair. Mortals
act as family members, wards and lovers, yet they are also prey.

Most Toreador consider a comfortable place in the world of
mortals as important as any other part of their unlives. Indeed,
they consider mortals far more trustworthy, beautiful, unpre-
dictable, vibrant, sane and energetic than other Kindred.
Because of this, the Toreador have become the most adept of
the clans at interacting with humans, moving freely in their
world as no other Kindred can.

It is not uncommon for Toreador to go to great lengths to set
up mortal identities, complete with friends, lovers, pets, a nice
home and a "day job" that prevents them from secing anyone
until dark. Some Toreador spend an entire lifetime with a
particular group of people entirely devoted to them. Others
discard their chosen mortal cohorts as soon as they grow
tiresome.

Seldom do they Embrace these mortals, though many make
them into ghoul lovers. These immortal lovers rarely serve as
bodyguards. Toreador rely on expendable servants for such
tasks— animal or human ghouls for whom they have no real
attachment.

The bonds some Toreador share with their mortals are so
strong that they might actually make them their spouses. A
Toreador might simply live with a mortal spouse forever,
making him intoa ghoul, or until the spouse grows old and dies.
A few actually Embrace their spouses so they can share in the
same pleasures (and curses) for the rest of their unlives.

Toreador rarely, ifever, feed from their mortal friends. Many
believe doing so devalues the victims, so they avoid it except
when absolurely necessary. In addition, Toreador usually will
not feed in the sight of their mortal friends, even those who
know they are vampires. They fear the impressions it might
teave on them.

Younger Kindred find themselves existing for the nightlife,
sharing whatever new experiences they can find with their
mortal friends. Many Toreador have attachments to the rap-
idly growing Blood Doll subculture, but few actually use them

Chapter Two _» 19

as a herd, fearing they might carry diseases or endanger the
Masquerade.

Toreador love humans so much that they spend many years
perfecting the art of "living", allowing them to interact with
mortals on almost every level. Eating and drinking is a major
problem, but most Toreador develop skill at Carousing and
Masquerade (see The Vampire Players Guide), allowing
them to get by. Some Toreador have even learned how to
become flush and warm through the expenditure of blood
points (using a secondary Talent called Body Control).

The Artiste

There are no teachers, saints, prophets, good people, but the
artists.

— Virginia Woolf

What does it mean to be an Artiste? The word is a double-
edged sword. Invented by the Poseurs in retaliation to their
own name, Artiste is a derogatory term. It implies that the
Toreador is naive, otherworldly, effete, egotistical, obsessive,
fickle, weak and quite possibly insane. Conversely, it also
means the Toreador possesses dedication, unnatural talent and
an eye for beauty.

While Toreador Artistes speak of themselves as artists, the
derogatory term issued by the Poseurs has clung to them. Now,
all Toreador with unique and original vision, and the talent to
express it, are considered Artistes. Some Artistes have mag-
nanimously accepted the name as a sign of distinction and
Poseur jealousy, while most others still see it as a stigma.

Each Artiste has a own unique vision; that is the key.
Toreador Poseurs are some of the most skillful in their chosen
areas of artistic expression, but they are merely clones of the
real artists. They bring nothing original, nothing new to their
work. It is the Artiste who can look upon the world and see
something new even after centuries of existence.

Many Artistes pursue perfection— not necessarily in form,
but rather in the feelings their works convey. Their vision
allows them to quest for the truths of existence, and their
insight guides them in appreciating the beauty in all things.
This internal process is reflected externally in their art. In fact,
many Artistes pour so much of their souls into their work that
awork of art can take on supernatural qualities. A masterpiece
can actually contain a part of the Artiste.

A Toreador writer can spark ideas never before realized; a
Toreador musician might play a tune which overwhelms the
listener with emotion; a Toreador sculptor may instill in his
work a semblance of life. From this vision, and the dedication
to that vision, magic flows.

Toreador Artistes can achieve prestige by throwing parties
and gaining patronage, bur the edge they have over the Poseurs
is the prestige gained from their own work. Their clan is not
one with a stable hierarchy. Greatness achieved today may be
gone tomorrow. No Artiste can rest on the laurels of past
accomplishments. Because of this, the efforts of the Toreador

20 gQ Clanbook: Toreador


Artistes never end. As is necessary in real art, there are new
ideas, new modes of expression and opportunities for radical
breakthroughs.

Toreador "Art" :

I don't want life to imitate art. 1 want life to be art.
— Carrie Fisher

While most Toreador are interested in traditional forms of
art, many have much broader definitions. There are Toreador
Artistes involved in most fields of human endeavor requiring
creativity and talent. While this includes theater, ballet,
classical music, opera, sculpting and painting, it is not limited
to these areas. Photography, architecture, modern dance,
modern music, performance art, martial arts, body building,
philosophy, film, television, illustration, poetry and writing
have all attracted Artistes.

In almost every area, two or three Toreador stand out, but
many who are equally skilled remain behind the scenes, train-
ing mortals and their own progeny. These Toreador are
considered the "teachers", and their students form their
"schools." However, there are no actual schools. [n most cases,
the teacher simply acts as mentor and patron to those with the
proper talent and vision. Only the most paranoid Toreador
teachers Blood Bond their students, fearing it might stifle their
creativity.

Students of a school commonly share a bond with one
another through a particular style or area of focus. In fact,
rivalries often develop among pupils seeking to be the best.
Once a student has learned all she can, the teacher turns her
loose to pursue her craft in her own way.

Toreador also try to develop mortal artists. While most
Artistes let talented mortals work without their influence, all
clan members seek out new talent. Some of the most talented
musicians, singers, movie stars, directors, comedians, modern
artists, novelists and dancers were Toreador pets. Their abili-
ties to shape the mortal world make the entire clan more
influential.

While the use of mortals is common, a few rare Toreador
Artistes never let mortals view their work and never use
mortals as pawns. These elitists are considered Artistes equal
in every other respect, and their desire to reach only an
extremely limited audience is often considered noble. How-
ever, they seldom achieve the popularity or greatness of their
influential colleagues.

The Poseur

Oh we're so pretty, we're so pretty vacant.
— Sex Pistols, "Pretty Vacant"

It is remarkable how many "beautiful people" are in a clan
which prides itself on its artistic nature. According to older
Artistes, too many mortals were chosen for the Embrace based
solely on their looks. Some Toreador have not buried their old
sex drives, and perhaps some were Embraced as acts of rebel-

Chapter Two _» 21

vk

lion. Whatever the case, the Poseurs are now great in number
and power.

Poseurs set the standards of social grace in Camatilla society.
They hold parties, often inviting prominent mortals, espe-
cially those who serve as pets. They also serve as patrons to all
sorts of artists and performers. Poseurs gain prestige through
these methods, and set trends in both the mortal and immortal
communities. While Artistes also influence society through
their work, the real impact is never felt until many years or
decades (or possibly even centuries) have passed.

Poseurs are not necessarily arrogant buffoons. They serve a
vital role to the clan in providing cohesiveness and serving as
links to the highly independent Artistes. They also serve as
critics, ensuring that masterful Artistes are rewarded. The
inadequate artists are properly chastised and sent back to their
havens to try again.

While most Poseurs accept their roles with good humor,
many wish to be Artistes themselves. Indeed, even those who
do accept their roles as Poseurs cannot stand the word itself. It
is a derogatory term invented by the Artistes to offend those
whom they deem unworthy of consideration as real Toreador.
Despite the fact that many Poseurs are experts at their craft,
they lack the vision required for greatness. Because of this, they
will never become true masters.

Some younger Poseurs become very embittered with the
way things are within their clan and instead turn to the anarchs
for acceptance. Once these Toreador abandon their clan's cast
system, they stand very little chance of ever being accepted
back into the fold. When a Toreador chooses to become a
social outcast, he must accept that fate for the rest of his unlife.

Degeneracy at its Finest

It's all right letting yourself go, as long as you can get yourself
back.

— Mick Jagger

Aside from the typical Artistes and Poseurs, there are the
burnouts. These Toreador once had vision, and may still have
it, though it is clouded by self-doubt, insanity, the Beast,
depression or worse. To the burnouts, the world will never
again hold the luster it once held, the moon will never shine
as brightas long ago, and the smile on a beautiful face will never
again hide the realities of pain and death.

Most burnouts are older Kindred. Many horrid events have
tarnished their shield of idealism. These Toreador tend to be
among the wealthiest members of the clan, and they usually
have some of the most beautiful ghouls. They no longer
pretend to he human and instead concentrate their time on the
undead world, allowing them to increase their power and
influence.

They dabble in vampire politics as a diversion from other
interests, and unfortunately, they tend to lead most Guilds.
Because of this, they provoke younger Kindred to great feats of
treachery for the sake of art (in addition to the near-mandatory

22 Q Clanbook: Toreador

treachery for personal gain and glorification). If the young did
not do so, true Toreador art would vanish.

Toreador Guilds :

Death and sorrow will be the companions of our journey;
hardship our garment; constancy and valor our only shield. We
must be united, we must be undaunted, we must be inflexible.

— Winston Churchill, Report to House of Commons

With rare exceptions, all Toreador belong to a political and
professional body known as the Guild. The Guild serves as the
primary political tool for the clan. It also provides a hazy
picture of hierarchy among the Toreador within the city.

The Guilds seldom meet, but when they do, all Toreador put
aside their differences between one another to serve the good
of the clan. Disrupting such solemn occasions with personal
arguments assures that no one invites the offender to clan
socials, and continued disturbances can lead to expulsion from
the Guild.

Most Guilds are moderate to conservative in their political
positions, despite their members' liberal unlifestyles. Toreador
enjoy their protected status within the Camarilla and do not
wish to jeopardize it. However, they must weigh this comfort
against the growing influence of the Ventrue and Tremere. To
maintain the balance of power, Toreador Guilds will take
drastic action.

Despite all this talk about the solidarity of the Toreador
through their Guilds, it should be noted that Guilds seldom
meet. As a matter of fact, there are many Guilds which have
never even met. Others only meet to deal with questions of art
and expression, and never deal with politics.

The Guilds hold meetings in secret, well-guarded locations,
and only Guild members may attend. The Toreador settle most
questions in one night of polite discussion. However, in par-
ticularly divisive issues, meetings lasting a week or more are
net uncommon.

I's a Dead Man's Party

Won't you come and dance with the beautiful dead?
— Killing Joke, "The Beautiful Dead"

For the Toreador, there is a killing field where battles are
won or lost. Some think of it as a court of honor where the
highest praise is given and the greatest condemnation is meted.
Some see it as asymposium where brilliant ideas are expounded
by the keenest of intellects. Others use it as a sanctuary where
one can act freely. Regardless of personal interpretations, it is,
for everyone involved, a laboratory where one is poked, prod-
ded and tested. To most Kindred, it is simply referred to as the
Toreador social.

In fact, if you ask any vampire what is most characteristic
about the Toreador, they will tell you about their marvelous
parties. Invitation to a party hosted by a Toreador elder is
indeed a great honor for someone outside the clan.

The art of invitation is one of the clearest ways of viewing
clan hierarchy. Those with the highest prestige receive their
invitations first, while those with little or no prestige are
seldom, if ever, considered as guests. Hosts rarely gain prestige
by selecting the appropriate guests, but they do lose it through
inappropriate selections. Those who invite bitter enemies to
the same function also risk losing prestige.

Crashing a Toreador party is the height of gaudiness, and
party crashers dig their own social graves. Not only do the
Toreador blacklist them from future events, but anyone else
who wants Toreador support must do the same. Any Toreador
who crashes an event will lose prestige based on how they crash
the party, their behavior, their company, the type of party and
who held it.

In many ways, Toreador socials are works of art unto them-
selves. The more outlandish and stylish the social, as expressed
in location, theme, attire, servants and ambiance, the more
prestige the host receives. However, good tastes must be
balanced into the equation to get the most out of the experience.

Only Kindred attend most of these parties. On rare occa-
sions, well-chosen kine, usually pets or the untalented nouveau

riche, may attend. The latter serve as an inside joke among the
Kindred, while the former provide new and interesting conver-
sation, helping to offset the carefully spoken "conversations"
of the Damned.

Few socials are purely social affairs. Most hosts have an
ulterior motive. The reason may or may not be obvious, and
could be something as benign as an opportunity to introduce
a new ghoul lover, or a motive as devious as the chance use
innuendo to rip apart the prince's latest schemes. Whatever
the case, a social event, on the surface, can gain a Toreador
prestige, but it is the party's underlying purpose and its success
which often garners the greatest reward for the host.

Many Kindred use Toreador gatherings to form alliances,
check on the recipients of boons, and stay up to date on events
in the mortal world. In addition, parties are generally consid-
ered "safe" events in that violence rarely, if ever, occurs. Too
many Kindred attend for a troublemaker to start a fight and
survive. Also, parties open solely to Kindred allow for open
blood drinking without fear of breaching the Masquerade.

Chapter Two _® 23

wh

Harm without Violence (or
"The Tongue is Sharper than
the Stake and Twice as

Deadly')

Satire should, like u polished razor keen,

Wound with a touch that's scarcely felt or seen.

— Lady Mary Wortley Montagu

Every Toreador would be well-advised to master wit, in-
trigue and language. These are the greatest weapons a Toreador
possesses, and they are especially important to the Poseur who
has no special talent to fall back upon. With these weapons, a
Toreador can (figuratively) stake an adversary to the ground or
shield herself through biting sarcasm and sly insinuation.

Toreador incapable of witty repartee seldom go far, simply
because the clan will not accept those who are not socially
aggressive. Getting one's point across without being blunt is
the key to success. The more subtle one is, the more respect one
gains. Such is the language of refined bullying.

In fact, many Toreador gain and lose respect simply through
conversation. Those who sense weakness move in on it and dig
at it with sharp tongues. Those defending themselves learn to
turn a poorly chosen phrase upon its wielder. The objective is
to make an opponent lash out. Among the Toreador, this is a
powerful game. It allows those with good Self-Control, Ma-
nipulation, Wits and daring to advance more rapidly.

Because of this "game", many social gatherings become very
tense occasions. Everyone present harbors some secret scheme
and searches out weaknesses in rivals while staying on the
defense against all others. As with any other sort of warfare, the
key to success is knowing when to attack and when to retreat.

Artistes must endure some of the greatest hardships at
parties, since their work is usually the topic of conversation. If
an Artiste is unprepared for terrible criticism, her self-confi-
dence and determination may be shattered. The key is knowing
how to play the critics. Even when they shower an Artiste with
glowing praise, the best thing the Artiste can do is give little or
no credit to the critics. This will make responses to later
criticisms much more credible. Many Artistes are not brave
enough to be critics themselves, since doing so would open up
their work for attack by those who have been criticized.

Poseurs are often subject to the tastes of their fellow clan
members as well. However, the critics seldom take the efforts
of Poseurs as seriously as those of the Artistes. Usually, a
Poseur's efforts as a host and a patron are opened for criticism,
although it is considered poor taste to criticize a party while in
attendance. Subtle Toreador can cast their opinions around
the room without speaking a word.

Aside from criticism, most Toreador consider rumor-mon-
gering of utmost importance. Every Toreador social features
the gossiping and the trading of little lies for valuable informa-

24 @  Clanbook: Toreador

Arts Defilers

The Toreador have never understood the attacks on the
arts which have occurred throughout history. Even in
more enlightened times, groups of mortals gather together
to stop those with artistic vision and talent. These attacks
rarely involve physical conflict and often concentrate on
the artists' credibility and funding.

Artistes have long sought to uncover the root of this
problem, and most have blamed it on Poseurs hoping to
destroy the Artistes' base of support. A name has recently
emerged in connection with this threat — the Seventh
Generation. Nobody knows whether this is a group of
powerful Poseur Ancillae or something worse, though
rumors have hegun to stress the latter possibility.

tion. Gossip has ruined many Kindred, especially when the
Toreador spreading the rumors is not a known enemy. Torea-
dor who practice this art make it appear that such rumors
originate from some source other than themselves. While a
vampire can fight enemies with claw and fang, rumors are far
more insidious and impossible to combat effectively.

On the other hand, Kindred cajoled or taunted into a
violent outburst provide a source of amusement to other
vampires. No one will let a vampire get out of control, but even
so, most will use the loss of temper as an opportunity to
embarrass the Kindred. Should it really become necessary,
other guests will subdue their rowdy fellow in an unkind
manner, usually with a stake through the heart (adding injury
to insult). Because of this, most Toreador do not take sarcasm
and hurtful remarks too seriously.

Impressing Others

Give me a minute to talk away my face, and I can seduce the
Queen of France.

— Voltaire

Toreador have a certain protocol which any vampire who
hopes for at least a modicum of acceptance must follow. This
section merely details some of the best ways to gain and lose
prestige. Toa lesser degree, this also applies to Status, since the
Toreador set the social standards for the Camarilla. Toreador
protocol sometimes clashes with Status, however, so these are
not hard-and-fast rules.

Behavior at social functions is extremely important. Mak-
ing the simplest wrong move could set a character back years
in prestige. Because of this, those who attend Toreador parties
know how to swim with the sharks without being eaten. Of
course, this means they have to join the rest of the pack in
eating the scared and wounded.

Generally, the most embarrassing and stupid thing one
could do at a Toreador social is physically assault someone.
This is very tacky, and the attacker will be escorted out, never

th

>

to be invited to another social again. Even those who are
eventually invited back must suffer heing the butt of jokes for
years to come.

The next worst thing a Kindred can do is bring someone who
was not invited. This is rude to the host and especially insulting
if the uninvited guest is disliked by the host or is not Kindred.
The character will likely get plenty of stares and some rude
comments. The host's servants may escort the vampire and his
guest out into the street where they can have their own little
party.

It is considered bad manners to act rudely to the host, and
toa lesser degree, to the guests. However, all Toreador (except
the one on the receiving end) appreciate quick wit and
sarcasm. Guests should never excessively drink alcohol-tainted
ot drug-tainted blood either before or during the party, since
such vite reduces inhibitions and makes the wit dull and
vulgar.

Characters can also put on parties of their own — if they
have the guts. Remember, nothing is as simple as it seems in the
world of the Toreador. A party is more that a simple gathering
of vampires fora good time. It is a demonstration by the host
of her understanding of everything it means to be part of a
community of vampires.

It requires good taste, knowledge of the latest trends, sizable
sums of cash, a suitable location, good organization ability,
incredible social graces and acknowledgment by all other
Toreador within the Guild. If a young Toreador sends out
invitations only to find most of them politely declined, or
(worse yet) ignored, it isasign she is not considered a respected
member of the clan.

Of course, Toreador may gain admiration through other
methods. Art is certainly the greatest means possible. Art, by
definition, includes all areas of human interest relying on
vision, originality, talent and dedication. By presenting a
work, whether it is a performance of some sort or an art
showing, a Toreador who is good at her craft gains respect. The
best work is original, regardless of its medium, design, effect or
intent. For Poseurs, knowledge of the arts and the ability to
critique with an eloquent but caustic style is helpful.

Also, patronage of mortals is a good source of prestige,
especially if the Toreador can claim the mortal as a pet, or has
her own school. Because Kindred patrons have limited control
over these humans, they may gain from the mortal's successes
without taking full responsibility for the mortals' blunders.

In dealing with mortals, Toreador consider the regular use
of vampiric powers on friends and students a mistake. The best
control is enforced through manipulation, thus avoiding the
loss of creativity often found in mortals subject to Dominate
and Presence. Those who do subjugate their mortals through
Disciplines find it harder to gain respect.

Finally, boons may prove a valuable source for increasing
one's social standing. Toreador have an advantage in this area
hecause of their mortal ties. Since they often have Influence,
Fame, Contacts, Resources and other backgrounds, they can

Chapter Two _»

25

26

Q Clanbook: Toreador

get things done other vampires can't. Additionally, since
events of great importance to the undead often occur at
Toreador socials, these invitations can be very valuable.

The Importance of Art

It is the glory and good of Art,

That Art remains the one way possible

Of speaking truth, to mouths like mine, at least.

— Robert Browning, The Ring and the Book

Since the importance of image and the snares of the critics
have been discussed, it is time to look at the importance of art.
Most Toreador were selected for one of three reasons: because
they were beautiful, because they had a talento create things
of beauty, or because they could appreciate beauty more than
the average person. Because of this, there are very few Toreador
who did not appreciate art as mortals, or learned to appreciate
it after the Embrace. While art is not necessarily beautiful, the
fact that it conveys emotion is.

Most Toreador own works of art or personal art galleries.
The size, quality and choices making up one's collection
reflects wealth, prestige and personality. Even Poseurs or those
who engage in some artistic pursuit other than classical forms
of art still own galleries, because it helps define one's self and
present that image (even though it may be a false one) to those
who visit.

Toreador often share their private galleries with one an-
other, since they are rarely located near their havens. Toreador
often use these galleries for very private parties, and usually
keep their private galleries in locations as secure as their
havens. Still, most Toreador keep one or two of their favorite
pieces in their haven.

Buying and selling art is a major Toreador concern. Owning
works by the masters only heightens one's reputation. Many
Toreador pay exorbitant amounts or valuable boons for hard-
to-find works. It is rumored that only about one-third of the
greatest works of the masters are in museums or known galler-
ies. The vast majority are in the possession of Toreador. For
instance, the Toreador Prince of Santiago, Chile has in his
collectiona forty-foot statue by Michelangelo depicting Ulysses
(despite the fact that the artist preferred sculpting Christian
figures).

While it is important to own art, it is equally important to
note that stealing from Elysium marks a Toreador, or any other
Kindred, for destruction. All Toreador seck the death of those
who steal from these sacred places. Despite this terrible warn-
ing, it is done. It is said that one of the greatest art thieves isa
Toreador elder who paints undetectable forgeries of the great
works and steals the originals.

For an Artiste, and for some Poseurs, creating art is very
important. Through their work, many Kindred learn to under-
stand their inner feelings and visualize their constant internal
struggle between Man and Beast. In some cases, creating art
can actually restore Humanity to a Toreador, It is as if by

P=)
ry ~
‘4 Yr. a
(es pry
MS i
an ig oe
a ae
ye

creating works of art, the Beast is somehow whipped back down
for a time, allowing the Man to rise to the surface again.

The Importance of Travel

If you want to know a man, travel with him.
— English proverb

Most Kindred prefer establishing themselves in a set loca-
tion and working towards increasing their respect, security and
influence. While these are important goals for Toreador, few
stay put in one city year in and year out. Unlike other vampires,
most Toreador travel abroad.

Toreador know they can see only so much of the word from
the windows of their havens. To get the most out of undeath,
they must visit all the beautiful and exotic places in the world.
Doing so teaches them about their world, humanity and
themselves. By travelling the world, they better appreciate and
utilize their own power and place in Kindred and mortal
society. The Toreador love of art is another big reason for their
constant travels. By visiting Elysiums of all major cities, they
enjoy the art, architecture and other works of civilization.

Some claim that by travelling, they are able to stay "alive"
in some respects. [t prevents them from growing stagnant and
falling into boring routines for eternity, unlike many other
Kindred. Through travel, Toreador form greater connections
and relationships to vampires outside the microcosm of their
home city, giving the clan an edge. It also allows them to stay
in constant communication with one another.

Because most of their time in other cities is spent in the
Elysium, they are generally safe from harm. A traveller will
seldom take a large entourage, and usually leaves his progeny
ot a number of trusted ghouls in charge of his property while
away.

Because New York and other important cities are controlled
by non-Camarilla sects or clans, or even by Lupines and other
beings, elder Toreador have made solemn pacts with these
enemies to assure the safety of clan members visiting cultural
centers. Some pacts are tenuous at best, and in some instances,
there are no deals at all. Through this method, however,
Camarilla Toreador travel freely where others of the Camarilla
may never go. Clan members have travelled safely through
New York City, Toronto, Montreal, Detroit, Philadelphia,
parts of Japan, Mexico, Asia, Africa and the Middle East. Many
other Kindred of the Camarilla point to these pacts as another
sign of Toreador treachery.

The Source of Power

Itis of great consequence to disguise your inclination, and to play
the hypocrite well.
— Niccolo Machiavelli, The Prince
Let it not be said thar all Toreador are complete hedonists.
Most know what it takes to survive. Beauty, wits, talent and

mortal friends alone do not make a Toreador, and even the
greatest of Poseurs knows it takes more than clever repartee
and stunning good looks to get by in the world. In fact, many
develop keen interests in temporal power. Ancillae and elders
alike increase their influence through their understanding of
and relations with mortals. While Toreador dislike flexing
their muscles, most can. When the need arises, they can
surprise both the Ventrue and the anarchs.

Unlike the Ventrue, who latch onto whatever mortal is in
power, the Toreador groom their own and assist in their climb
to power. Because of this, Toreador rely almost completely on
elected officials, while the Ventrue control appointees. This
gives the Ventrue more staying power and the opportunity to
create a more stable power base, though Toreador often con-
trol the bureaucracies of local and national arts councils.

Few Ventrue attempt to override the influence of the
Toreador, who are among their primary supporters. Rather
than challenge them, Ventrue attempt to work against more
immediate threats to their position. In addition to political
officials, Toreador control many community interest groups,
especially those with an interest in the arts.

Generally, Toreador lack control over mass media, which is
primarily in the hands of the Ventrue, mages and other forces.
However, the clan would love to gain a hold over television so
that they could revolutionize it and put it to artistic and
cerebral uses.

Some Toreador own their own businesses, giving them
financial security and supporting their outrageous unlifestyles.
Most possess chic and trendy retail stores, the majority of
which sell clothing or jewelry. One of the more popular ways
to support one's self is by owning a nightclub. In addition to
providing an income, it also provides access to mortals and a
good location for parties.

Many Toreador keep a sizable number of attractive ghouls to
serve and protect them. Few clan members enjoy engaging in
fisticuffs, preferring their ghouls do their dirty work for them.
However, valued ghoul friends and lovers are almost never
used as bodyguards.

Toreador are skilled at intrigue and gathering information.
Most elders know this and consider the Toreador to he a clan
of traitors. Why else would they hold all those parties and
invite Kindred they do not like unless they were up to some-
thing? While not on par with the Nosferatu, they are the equals
of the Tremere when it comes to information.

Toreador, unlike the Nosferatu, almost never let on that
they are fully aware of all that is going on and rarely trade
valued information to those outside their clan. Also, Toreador
seem less organized and threatening than the Tremere. What-
ever the case, the Toreador enjoy heing considered
"degenerates." They prefer to be underestimated, because it
provides them with a valuable edge on their enemies.

Chapter Two _» 27

The Source of Beauty

But if you could just see the beauty

These things I can never describe.
— Joy Division, "Isolation"

What causes a Toreador to find rapture in the oddest things?
What makes their entire minds and bodies lock up so they
cannot see, feel or do anything but experience one thing? Not
even a Toreador can answer these question, but there are
legends.

Many Toreador believe the Embrace brings out the Man in
them rather than the Beast, allowing them to experience a far
greater range of nositive emotions. Others believe it is similar
ineffect to the altered perceptions experienced by Malkavians.
Whether this is true remains unanswered, and possibly unan-
swerable. However, many Toreador claim their libidos are far
stronger than they were when they were alive, and most attest
that unlife increases their creativity.

Whatever the cause, little details, minor nuances and in-
sight into mundane things often entrance Toreador, possibly
proving them to be more closely related to the Malkavians
than either group wishes to believe. When a Toreador takes
notice of something that strikes him as amazing or beautiful, a
process in his brain sets into motion.

It is as if an entire program has been built into their brains
granting them a new sense of perception; one which recognizes
and analyzes anything extraordinary. It focuses mostly on
beautiful things. However, as a Toreador's Humanity de-
creases, the process slowly broadens in focus to include more
negative things. Thus, the higher the Humanity, the less
chance of suffering the weakness.

The mental program is not under the Toreador's control. It
may take only a few seconds of entrancement, or it can take
hours. Legend has it that some Toreador have become en-
tranced for weeks at a time over particularly interesting
sensations, and some joke that Arikel is not in torpor, but has
sat entranced in front of a mirror for 2,000 years. Most Torea-
dor do not see this fascination as a detriment, for they believe
it provides them with the insight needed to create new art.
Many even attempt to reach such states of fascination for sheer
pleasure.

While the entrancement is in effect, it is as if the Toreador
is in a daydream. They are often unable to snap out of it
without a degree of outside effort. If the process is halted
midway, the Toreador often becomes irritable.

The fascination may be triggered by works of art, talented
performances or beautiful music. Itseems Toreador are as easily
entranced with everyday things as they are with "artistic"
things. Therefore, it is possible for a Toreador to walk through

28 @_ Clanbook: Toreador

an entire museum without triggering the process, only to walk
out into the street and become fascinated by a cigarette butt
lying by the curb.

Mortal Love :

If I could stay
Stay, and the day would keep its trust

... then the night would give you up

Stay, and the night would be enough.

— U2, "Stay"

Because most Toreador do not lose the inner light within
themselves, they still see mortals as creatures of beauty. While
dual lives among Kindred and kine are common among the
Toreador, some go far beyond this — some fall in love.

In most cases, intimate relationships with mortals are disas-
trous, but for a brief moment, the Toreador experiences love,
something most Kindred have forgotten. Through love, Hu-
manity is restored, insanity cured and zest for unlife renewed.
It is, perhaps, the possibility of love that makes the Toreador
so special. Love is a powerful force, superior in many ways to all
the dark powers of the Sabbat, the respect of the Ventrue, the
intrigues of the Tremere and the secrets of the Nosferatu. Ir is
a force of good that nurtures and heals.

Despite all the wonderful things that can come out of such
relationships, they are generally discouraged. Fortunately, few
Kindred actually take action in such cases. Unfortunately,
mortal mates are usually the first victims of attacks on Torea-

dor.

Love Among the Damned

Love is the distance between reality and pain.

— Robin Hitchcock, "One Long Pair of
Eyes" (Spoken Word Version)

Sometimes the Toreador obsession with beauty leads to
romance with another Kindred. Flings with other Toreador or
even members of other clans (or even other supernatural
creatures) are not uncommon. These romances usually last
only a short time, but some legendary ones have lasted for
centuries.

It seems that Toreador love company far more than other
Kindred do, and they are among the few capable of developing
real relationships with others of their own kind. Because of
this, many Kindred see Toreador as either impressively brave
or incredibly naive. It also makes more than a few jealous.

In the long run, there are only fleeting comforts gained
through such relationships, but pain and problems resulting
from breakups can haunt them for a long time. Still, many of
these heartbroken Toreador do not give up. Instead of wallow-
ing in self-pity (like most Kindred), they seek out new lovers.

Po ; . became as (_ ~ \
LR rN

The Forever Tragic Tale

Love will save you from the black night and the lightning and the
ghost

And love will save you from your misery, then tie you to the
bloody post

And love will save you from the hands that pull you down beneath
the sea

Love may save all you people, but it will never save me.

— Swans, "Love Will Save You"

Loss of Humanity is terrible for any vampire, but for Torea-
dor it is particularly pitiable. Because the clan maintains such
close relations with mortals, using humans solely for food is a
terrible thought. However, in many cases, this will happen.

As centuries pass, many Toreador grow cold-hearted. They
begin pursuing base pleasures. The first sign something is
wrong is when a Toreador begins feeding off her mortal
students, friends and lovers. Most Toreador are loathe to do
this. At this point, most consider the Toreador in question to
be a burnout.

After existing in this burned-out state for some time, most
lose interest in maintaining any sort of connection with
humans. Instead, they see mortals only as cattle. The beautiful
cattle are transformed into ghouls or Blood Bond members of
their herds. Finally, loss of beauty and loss of vision is inevi-
table. The Toreador weakness begins to function only on that
which is evil and vile, which may explain why many Sabbat
Toreador antitribu show a particularly strange bent in their art.

The Darker Side of the
Clan

_..when you have extinguished his soul in this world and placed
him where the ray of hope is blown out as in the darkness of the
damned, are you quite sure that the demon you have roused will not
turn and rend you?

— Abraham Lincoln, speech at Edwardsville, illinois

While the Toreador have may wonderful aspects, the clan
has a dark side as well. Even though one of its most prominent
aspects is a general love and respect for humanity, there is an
element within the clan which thrives on exploiting kine.

Made up mostly of burnouts, the exploiters are those who
have learned to draw power, wealth and influence from the
pleasures humans demand. Many of the Toreador involved in
exploitation form gangs unto themselves, while others gather
mortals around themselves and create ghoul servants.

These Toreador operate in child pornography, prostitution,
slavery, gambling, black marketeering and cultism. With their
great experience in mortal dealings with humans, they have no
problem establishing themselves in any of these fields.

Chapter Two # 29

SP 2 x
ae em 3
Pee TF no anes Egon,

Within the pornography industry, there are many sleazy
clan members who Blood Bond young innocents and can force
them into doing anything, no matter how degrading or per-
verse. Aninteresting side note is that some Toreador who have
perfected the art of Masquerade and who possess Thaumaturgical
means of simulating human functions have been porn stars
themselves. They love the notoriety and consider their work
counterculture art, or anti-art.

Pimping is a common practice among Toreador. Some will
readily put young men and women to work as prostitutes,
providing themselves with a nice income. They usually Blood
Bond their "employees" by giving them their blood in a cup.
Most do not drink prostitute blood, however, for fear of
diseases.

Though some Toreador sold African slaves centuries ago,
other Toreador were in the slave business long before that, and
some still practice it today. While there is a big market for
white women and children among the rich in the Third World,
business has opened up so much that persons of any race, color
or background can be sold into slavery. Some believe the
Toreador who control the slave markets are in league with
Assamites and Followers of Set.

30 Q Clanbook: Toreador

Gambling has been around almost as long as the human
race. Life isa gamble, and gambling games are just the conden-
sation of risk into a form of entertainment. While Las Vegas
may seem the worst thing a Toreador could experience, others
have said it represents the ultimate Poseur rejection of the
Artistes. Controlling casinos all over the world, often vying
with Ventrue and Setites, the Toreador have found a way to get
rich without any real effort.

There are many types of black markets, but the illegal trade
of stolen artworks, ancient artifacts and other items of rare
beauty are the most appealing. Often those involved in slavery
also work in this line. Those who claim there is an art mafia
formed of Toreador elders would link them to this group, but
so far nothing has been proven. If such a secret organization
does exist, Toreador black marketeers most likely serve as
pawns.

The most vicious and power-hungry Toreador are those who
have their own cults. They are referred to as Blood Cults,
because the cultists give their masters sustenance and power.
Blood Cults can be very dangerous to even the most powerful
of kindred. Cult masters establish hidden temples and gather
followers ranging from homeless people, to mercenaries, to

politicians, to CEOs, to the family next door. Most Blood Cults
are versatile and powerful, yet small enough to act with
precision. While cults vary in purpose and practice, the sharing
of blood, the creation of great numbers of ghouls and even
progeny, blood orgies and occult rituals are commonplace.

Rivalries

Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
— Attributed to Vince Lombardi

Some Toreador develop rivalries with others of the clan. In
most cases, some past conflict touched off the rivalry, and each
Toreador tries to outdo the other. In some cases, the rivalry is
a game which neither party takes too seriously, making it more
for show and protecting themselves from loss of respect. In
these cases, the rivalry often serves as a prod to make sure each
always warks to the best of her ability.

Serious rivalries often last for centuries. In fact, some have
become so serious that one rival ends up destroying the other.
In most cases, whenever one Toreador does something to gain
positive attention, the rival will do something to gain even
more. Occasionally, rivals do everything they can to draw
negative attention to each other through the use of rumors,
intrigue and setups.

Toreador who admit defeat and move on to other areas of
interest usually lose some respect, but if they do so with
incredibly good grace and make their retreat seem less serious,
they might get away almost unscathed, Utterly shaming a rival
is generally frowned upon, since there is no need to do so, and
doing it is seen as a sign of insecurity or megalomania. Of
course, the victor still goes to great lengths to subtly ensure that
everyone hears about what happened.

Chapter Two > 31


How does it feel to be one of the beautiful people?
— Paul McCartney, "Baby You're a Rich Man"

Too many players view the Toreador as effete artists, rock
stars, models and hapless poets. Toreador can be the most
interesting or the most derivative characters in Vampire,
depending upon how they are played. Ifthe distinctive strengths,
weaknesses and interests of the clan are played up, the game
takes on another dimension by adding moral conflict. Torea-
dor attempt to deal with their human identities, conspire at
Toreador socials, struggle for power, strive to create master-
pieces, protect their human loves from enemies and rival one
another for critical acclaim and prestige.

Creating Art (and
Less-than-ArD

This became a credo of mine: attempt the impossible in order to

improve your work.
— Bette Davis

Due to the limitations of game mechanics, it is hard to
convey the subjectivity of art. In spite of this, the following
system provides for the creation of art. The system gives the
Storyteller a fairly accurate interpretation of the quality of a
work, which she can then relate through the criticism and
praise of supporting characters. As with all systems, this method
is optional. Storytellers who do not like it should not feel
obligated to use it.

First off, there is a new Trait which all Toreador, and only
Toreador, should have— Creativity. The Storyteller will know
the character's rating, but she does not have to tell the player.

This makes knowing ifacharacter's art is goad enough to make
her an Artiste harder. Creativity is used whenever a character
is developing a concept for an art project, no matter what the
art form.

A character's creativity is left to chance. To determine the
Creativity score, roll one die and subtract three. If the score
comes up zero or less, then the effective score is zero. Whenever
a character wishes to create a work of art, be ita dance, a new
martial arts move, a painting, a piece of prose or anything else,
she must make an Intelligence + Creativity roll to develop the
concepr.

The Storyteller has the option of keeping these die rolls
secret. The player describes what his character is attempting
to create, and the difficulty for each roll is based on the
complexity of the work, Compare the number of successes to
the following chart to determine the originality of the work:

Botch The concept is so simple you are amazed
no one has thought of it before. You are
truly brilliant. (Of course, everyone else
will sce you for the fool you are.)

Osuccesses Think again. The idea is stupid.

1-2 successes It's derivative, but a few people might
not notice.

3-4 successes New concept, but nothing outstanding.
Maybe that's why nobady's used it yet.

5S successes Really neat idea. People will notice.

Everybody will wonder where you get
your ideas. Very interesting.

6 successes

7+ successes If you pull this off, ic will be a true master
piece.

Chapter Three _» 33

ae

Once you know how good the idea is, move on to the
production of the work itself. You do not have to tell the player
how good the idea is, but you can throw out some hints,
especially if the character (or the player) is experienced in her
field. If the player wants to proceed, then move on to the
production stage.

Producing art or staging a performance requires a Dexterity,
Charisma, Manipulation, Intelligence or Wits (Storyteller's
Choice) + Expression roll against a difficulty equal to the
complexity of the work. Complexity can be arbitrarily set by
the Storyteller bused on the description of the work or by some
random method, such as adding three to half the result of a die
roll. After rolling against the complexity of the project, the
number of successes gained should be compared to the follow-
ing chart:

34 . Clanbook: Toreador

Botch

O successes

1-2 successes

3-4 successes

5 successes
6 successes

7+ successes

While you think it is a masterpiece, every
body else laughs at it— and you.

Better start over, This work sucks.

It's okay, but only a few people will really
notice it and like it.

It's a quality work, but nothing extra-
ordinary.

It's better than average.
It is an outstanding piece.

If the work was based on a brilliant idea,
it is A masterpiece.

You will notice that Creativity and the actual creation of
the work have little to do with one another. This is because
there are many good ideas that are never carried out well, and
there are many wonderfully-executed works based on medio-
cre ideas. Coming to some balance near the upper end of the
scale is the main objective.

After a work is completed, it must be critiqued. Most
Toreador know how to critique at least one form of art. A
character may critique the work of others, but it is almost
impossible to objectively appraise one's own. It is assured the
character has already gone through a process of revision and
self-criticism while creating the work.

Critiquing requires a roll against Perception + Art Appre-
ciation (difficulty 7). The resulting number of successes can be
referenced on the following chart:

Botch You utterly condemn a masterpiece of

praise a piece of crap.

You have no clue. You simply do not

understand the work.

{-2 successes You know within a range of two successes
(higher or lower) the originality of the
work and quality of the work (as deter-
mined by the earlier charts).

3-4 successes You know within a range of one success
(higher or lower) the originality and qual-
ity of the work.

ses You know exactly the originality and

WI
a

10

oO

ce:
quality of the work.

Same as five, but you can add amazing
insight into the work.

6 successes

7+ successes Same as six, but you can add insight even

the artist missed.

All the information presented in this section is totally
useless unless a Storyteller plays up the Toreador attraction to
art. Storytellers should not limit themselves to the mechanics
explained here. Feel free to alter any of the rules to make the
game more realistic and enjoyable.

A Toreador's Double Life

[t's a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been
dead for two years.

— Tom Lehrer, 1968: That Was the Year that Was

Players should know Toreador have a fondness for mortal
society, and Storytellers would do well to encourage interest in
the kine. When a player becomes interested in her character's
mortal relations, provide assistance. Players should roleplay
developing relations instead of arbitrarily making up "friends"
for the vampire to automatically know and trust. Allow players
to decide the types of mortals their characters are interested in

Artiste or Poseur?

Let the world know you as you are, not as you think you
should be, because sooner or later, if you are posing, you will
forget the pose, and then who are you?

,

— Fanny Brice

When players start the game with new Toreador char-
acters, they should be unsure whether the characters are
Artistes or Poseurs. Players with Toreador Poseurs could
find hidden talent in their characters, making them Artistes,
while Artiste characters might suffer difficulty finding
inspiration, lack training or be subjected to critics who rip
their efforts to shreds. The line between Artiste and
Poseur, for neonates, is very thin.

Eventually, characters (and players) learn which cat-
egory they fall into through the opinions of other Toreador.
A character who attains a number of critical successes, or
who is pursued by clan members wishing to act as patrons,
is assured a place among the Artistes. A character who is
constantly embarrassed, discredited or snubbed might soon
realize he has no chance of becoming an artist (or an Artiste).

befriending, including personality types, occupations, inter-
ests and looks. While some mortals may be developed in the
Prologue, many should be added over the course of vampiric
existence.

After discussing this with the player, occasionally drop a
supporting character into the character's path. Meeting and
developing relations with the mortal is then up to the player.
This makes relationships a little more realistic and interesting.

Some very interesting stories come from relations with
mortals, especially if the mortals are involved in dangerous
activities — police work, smuggling, gang activities, serial
killing, reporting, thrill-secking, the occult or exploration, just
to name a few.

An additional conflict inherent in these relationships is
how to tell the truth concerning undead existence (and if you
should tell them anything). How can a Toreador he sure she
can trust her mortal friends when they find out she is a
hloadsucker? These relationships allow players to test out their
characters' humanity when they must come to the aid of their
mortal friends, even when doimy so risks the Masquerade.

In addition to the double life Toreador lead, many spend a
great amount of their time seeking out and patronizing mortal
artists. Toreador who reach mortals their own understanding
of their art lead interesting double lives as well. This may also
he a source for excellent roleplaying as the character jets
around the globe looking for talented kine while competing
against Toreador rivals.

Chapter Three ® 35

om

ae

Toreador spend a great deal of time pursuing art. Because of
this, many transcend mortal abilities and enhance their work
through undead powers. The following Disciplines, Merits and

Flaws are primarily for Toreador, though a few rare Kindred of
other clans may possess them.

Disciplines

Both the Artiste and the Poseur seek to master their craft.
Some Toreador learn to apply their disciplines to their chosen
field of expertise through long and difficult effort. For the
Artiste, this stands out in the quality of the work. For the
Poseur, it shines forth in their mastery of social graces. The
following collection of special powers will help Toreador stand
out as the truly great artists and charmers they are. While it is
possible for a character to have more than one of these special
Discipline powers, it is rare.

36 . Clanbook: Toreador

Insight of fhe Talespinner:
Level 6 Auspex

Insight allows a character to delve far ito her own mind,
finding entire hooks and stories. The Toreador can summon
forth highly detailed characters and picture them in any
situation to gain an innate feel for how each would react. In
addition, the Discipline opens up the writer's vocabulary to its
full expanse, allowing her to customize each character's vo-
cabulary to fit his personality and background.

A Toreador using this power finds it easier to write good
stories. This does not help creativity, since the writer must
come up with the situation on her own. However, if the
Toreador comes up with a good plot, the characters will
practically tell the tale on their own. Often, the writer will not
even know how the story will end until she is finished.

In addition to its artistic uses, the power has another
function. An entertainer can attempt to tell a story off the top
of her head. All those who are listening may try to resist. If they
fail, they find themselves so caught up in the story they will be
unable to do anything else. The character using this power may

ik

4. ¥ 4

determine the length of the tale, but it cannot last longer than
one scene.

System: If the Toreador uses this power to capture the full
attention of the listeners, anyone within listening range must
make a Wits + Empathy roll (difficulty 8) and gain three
successes. Those who fail their roll must listen to the tale
without interruption. In addition, all Artistic Expression
(Writing) rolls are at -3 difficulty when using this power. This
power costs a Blood Point to use.

What People Want to Hear:
Level 6 Auspex

Acharacter with this power automatically knows the appro-
priate things to say in a conversation. The character does not
have to say anything and may alter the words in any way. The
character may even take an opposing viewpoint on the subject,
but she can relate her points in such a way that the listeners will
treat them with respect and admiration. This does not neces-
sarily mean the listeners will change their own views, though
it could happen.

System: By spending one Blood Point and concentrating for
one turn, the character knows what to say to get a desired
response, The Storyteller must decide exactly how listeners
react. Ifa character is using this power to advance an idea the
listener finds fundamentally wrong, the listener is allowed a
Willpower roll (difficulty 7). This power functions for up to
one scene, but works only on the individual or group it was
directed against.

Personality Metamorph: Level
7 Auspex

This power allows a Toreador actor to actually reach within
her own mind and draw forth original characters, complete
with backgrounds and personalities. The Toreador then takes
on another personality as if it were her own.

Basically, this power gives the character a controllable
multiple personality disorder. The character could become a
skilled assassin, an outstanding artist, a small mortal child or
the spirit of a murder victim. The only limits are those imposed
by the Storyteller and the player's imagination. However,
alternate personalities should not be more powerful than the
core personality.

System: By using two Blood Points, the character can create
a new personality for one scene, though one additional Blood

The Toreador Weakness

Its horror and its beauty are divine.

— Percy Bysshe Shelley, "The Medusa of
Leonardo Da Vinei"

On the surface, there appears to be very little usefulness
in the Toreador weakness, but it can serve as a useful
Storytelling device with a little effort. Rather than simply
relling a player "four guys with Uzis hop out of a limousine
and start shooting, but your character can't take any
action this turn because he is fascinated by the bricks in
the wall to his right," make the weakness part of the
roleplaying experience. -

For example, the Storyteller could say, "Oh, my, The
wall two feet to your right seems to have been laid by the
finest of masons. The technique is exquisite. The smooth-
ness of the conerete grooves augments the natural beauty
of the color variations among the bricks. There is a pattern
toirthat is recognizable on some primordial level. [t seems
that the bricks are conveying to you a feeling of pride while
balancing this with stoicism ..."

Take the player aside and describe the scene to him. Do
not describe what is going on around him. Instead of
telling the player what is going on in the outside world, try
to describe the beauty of the moment. Convey, with as
much attention to detail and beauty as you can, the object
or event that has captured the character's mind entirely.

The player might catch on and attempt a Willpower
roll, but do not ask him if he wants one unless he is new to
playing a Toreador. Even if he does make the roll, the
Storyteller might attempt to talk him out of it. Also, you
can occasionally throw in some special insight the charac-
ter may glean from the rapture concerning problems he is
currently facing. If the character resists the clan weakness
too often, then the Toreador should become irritable and
more likely to frenzy.

Point may be spent for every additional scene it is maintained.
The new personality will have its own Social and Mental
Attributes, Abilities and Virtues, along with its own Humanity
and Willpower scores. In some cases, it might even have its
own set of Disciplines. While the new personality is dominant,
the character's actual Virtues, Abilities, Humanity, Willpower
and Disciplines may not be used. Blood Pool is not affected,
and Health and Physical Artribures remain unchanged.

Chapter Three _» 37

ae

Aire of Elation: Level 6
Presence

Characters skilled in Presence and comedy can actually
combine the two for new results. The effect is similar to
Majesty, but instead of making the Toreador feared and re-
spected, it makes her hilariously funny. At any time when the
character is speaking, she can make the audience perceive
what he says as an incredibly funny joke. Listeners can hurt
themselves from laughing too much. This power is more
effective than Majesty. It makes the character less threatening
and more friendly and harmless.

System: This power can temporarily Incapacitate a target.
Victims may make a Self-Control roll [difficulty of the
character's Wits + Artistic Expression (Comedy}] to act fora
turn. Otherwise, the effects lasts up to one scene.

Capture Reality: Level 6
Presence

Same Toreador filmmakers and photographers pour an
amazing amount of reality into their work. Clever Toreador
create films or photographs conveying various sorts of subcon-
scious messages. This is easier to do in a film— the message will
be clearer and more detailed than in a photograph. However,
a series of photographs bearing the same message will convey
the message just as clearly as a film.

System: The character must succeed in a Creativity +
Artistic Expression (Photography or Film) roll (difficulty 8).

Viewers feel there is something unusual
about the photograph or film.

1 success

Viewers feel as if they know exactly what
the people in the photograph or film are

2 successes

tecling.
Viewers feel as if they are in the photo

graph or film, witnessing the events first-

hand.

Viewers believe they are smelling, hear-
ing and seeing things in the photograph
or film. They might also form a strong
sympathetic bond to a particular charac-
ter in the work or to the work itself.

3 successes

4 successes

Same as above, but the viewer will also
have flashbacks from the photograph or
film that go beyond the scope of the work
itself, If possible, she will begin having
regular dreams concerning the work's

5+ successes

setting or the characters in it.

38 Qe Clanbook: Toreador

Intensification: Level 6
Presence

Certain Toreador, including artists, sculptors, filmmakers,
photographers, writers and composers (i.¢., Artistes who cre-
ate works instead of performing them) can put a part of their
Presence in their work. The viewer of the work will feel
particularly intense emotion towards it, The object must carry
at least some obvious symbolism for the emotion conveyed in
the work. With this power, a Toreador can produce a magical
item of sorts, such as a photograph which makes the viewers
feel sad, a goofy-looking wooden figure which causes those
viewing it to laugh, and so on. ~

System: Twenty Blood Points:must be spent to make one of
these objects, although no more than five may be spent in one
night. Anyone who views the object can resist it by making a
Self-Control roll (difficulty 7), Only one emotional response
may be conferred per object. The effects on the object are
permanent.

Siren's Song: Level 6
Presence

This power allows a Toreador musician to reach a state of
awareness using one particular type of musical instrument. She
will feel as though it is an extension of her own body and soul.
Italso lets Toreador singers produce similar effects. In this way,
the character can create some of the most beautiful music the
world has ever heard. The character can influence the emo-
tions of all listeners. The effect is based on the type of music
created. Additionally, the audience will he drawn to the music
and unable to take any action to either harm the music-maker
Or Tun away,

Emotions instilled by the music may vary, bur despite the
emotion created, the Toreador will not have any direct control
over the listeners' actions. While the music and lyrics can
direct the audience to perform particular actions, the listeners
will not all interpret the music in the same way.

System: The character automatically receives a bonus of
three dice to his Music or Singing Skill and can make music
that has startling results. When this power is used, anyone
within listening distance will be hit with effects similar to Awe
unless a point of Willpower is spent. The effects of this power
vary. In certain cases, such as trying to induce bravery, the
music might just add one or more dice to half the listeners'
Courage ratings while making the other half Frenzy. The exact
effects are left up to the Storyteller. Effects of this power last as
long as the music is continuously played, up to a maximum of

one scene.

Star Magnetism: Level 6
Presence

This power allows the character's Presence to carry over
onto film, video tape, photographs or any other sort of visual
recording. It even carries over to paintings if the portrait is an
accurate representation. It may be consciously turned off, but
it will otherwise snap into effect whenever a camera is turned
towards the Kindred.

System: The representation resembles Awe, and the effects
are permanent. Anyone who sees the image will be affected
unless he spends a Willpower point every turn he sees it.

Two-Tiered Communication:
Level 6 Presence

The Toreador can speak to someone in such a way that
everything she says has a hidden meaning to it. The Toreador
may talk about one thing and actually tell the listener some-

thing else, even if it is in radical opposition to the surface
message. While the listener only hears the normal conversa-
tion, he will subconsciously understand the underlying message.
A Toreador using this power might tell a person her art work
is incredibly beautiful, while on the subconscious level be
telling her that he would not even use it to start a fire. A
Toreador might openly profess her love for someone while
she's really telling him to jump off the nearest building. If the
character spends more than one Blood Point per turn, this
power may be used in conjunction with Domination.
System: This power lasts one turn per Willpower point
spent. low well the underlying message is conveyed requires
a Manipulation + Empathy roll (difficulty of 10 - the listener's
Perception, with a minimum of 3). One success conveys a
simple message, and elaborate messages may require as many as

SEVEN SUCCESSES.

Chapter Three ® 39

ae

"a

ite ree
‘

nee pero, 3

Merits and Flaws
Controllable Thirst: @ pt Merit)

Because Toreador spend so much time around mortals,
resisting Frenzy caused by the smell, sight or taste of blood is
easier for them. Whenever the Kindred makes a Frenzy roll
over blood, reduce the difficulty by three.

Eye for Beauty: @ pf Merib

The Kindred is a natural critic. Reduce difficulties for Art

Appreciation by four.

Mortal Double: (2 pt Merib

You have the services of someone alive who looks just like
you. This person might be your actual twin. (Other explana-
tions are possible: a long-lost brother, a master of disguise, a
Progenitor clone, a victim of Vicissitude, etc.) However,
unless he is made into a ghoul, he will continue to age
normally. Eventually, he will no longer be your exact double.
The double may move about freely during the day, aiding you
in hiding your vampiric nature. The double must be fully aware
of your personal life, including all your relationships and
activities. He must also be a good actor.

Refined: (2 pt MeriD

You a member of the elite. You are at home in high society
and you never feel out of place around the "beautiful people."
The difficulty on all Etiquette rolls involving high society is
reduced by three. In addition, you are often invited to Torea-
dor socials reserved for those of higher Toreador Prestige (or
Camarilla Status) than yourself.

Blasé: (3. pt MeribD

You are not easily impressed by others. You automatically
resist all Presence powers. However, if the Kindred using
Presence is far more powerful than yourself, the Storyteller
might require you to spend a point of Willpower to resist.

"Gifted": (3. pt MeribD

The difficulty on all Creativity rolls and Artistic Expression
rolls are reduced by three.

Greater Colors: (3 pt MeriD

The vampire sees colors more distinctly and with greater
definition. The world is far more colorful. Unfortunately, the

40 @_ Clanbook: Toreador

vampire is more likely to become enraptured by colorful

objects. Despite the drawback, when used in conjunction with
Aura Perception, the vampire will discover far more informa-
tion about her target. The difficulty for reading a target's aura
is reduced to five. The player may ask the Storyteller one
question about the target for every success, and the Storyteller
must provide accurate information. This may be used only
once per story on a particular target. Finally, all Artistic
Expression difficulties involving color are reduced by one.

Supernatural Spouse: (4 pt
Merit

~

You share a relationship equivalent to marriage with a
supernatural creature other than another Kindred. Both of you
receive the benefits of the True Love Merit for one another.
This creature may bea mage, a werewolf, a changeling, a wraith
or something even more unusual. Unfortunately, both of your
kind would consider you threats if they knew of your relation-
ship. You may declare your love for one another openly,
although you tisk becoming an outcast— or worse. You and
your spouse would die or kill for one another.

Powerful Ghouk (5 pt Merit

You have a very powerful ghoul Blood Bound to you. The
ghoul has six points to put into any Disciplines other than
Thaumaturgy, although at least one point must be put into
Potence. The ghoul is also very competent, possessing 15
points to distribute among Attributes, 27 points to distribute
among Abilities and 5 points to put into Backgrounds. The
ghoul has reasonably good Virtues and Willpower ratings and
will do anything you say, since it loves you so much. However,
the ghoul might also get jealous of any relationships you have

with others,

Vampire Spouse: (5 pt MeriD

You hold regnant over another Kindred, though she holds
regnant over you as well. The two of you are in love, and you
automatically have the benefit of the Merit: True Love. Your
vampire spouse is your equal in terms of power and status.
However, as a couple, you are very formidable. You allow
nothing to get in the way of your love. You and your spouse
would die or kill for one another.

Poor Taste: (I pt Flaw)

You can never have the Art Appreciation skill, You are
forever a Poseur, and you have no ability to judge a masterpiece
from trash. In fact, if you had the choice, you would choose the
trash.

3 as rN d ~~, -

~ aa ~

‘oe: Nise

all ~ id ON » AO
. Ne ee Sh aa

Rival: (| pt Flaw)

You have an intense rivalry with another Kindred. You are
always competing with this individual, either for fun or out of
spite. In besting this individual, you go to extremes, and he
behaves similarly towards you. Your rival occasionally gets the
best of you, but you do the same to him.

Tortured Artist: d pt Flaw)

You must suffer for your work. Your work is never good
enough to suit you. You often suffer ennui for extended periods
of time, preventing you from working steadily. In addition, you
constantly find yourself in heartbreaking positions; perhaps
you subconsciously lead yourself into those situations to ac-
quire the experience you need for your work.

Vulgar: ( pt Flaw)

You will never fit into high society. You are crude, rude and
socially unacceptable, forever a Philistine. You are treated as
having one less level of Status when invitations to Toreador
socials are prepared. You will never be fully accepted as a
Toreador. Many will question your Sire and possibly ridicule
him for choosing you.

Artistically Inept: (2 pt Flaw)

You must work harder than most artists to accomplish great
work. You are still capable of creating a masterpiece, but it is
tougher for you than for someone else of equal training. All
difficulties on Creativity rolls and Artistic Expression rolls are
increased by two to a maximum of nine.

Social Outcast: (3 pt Flaw)

You have severed your ties to the Artistes and Poseurs. You
no longer play their silly games. You will never rise in Clan
Prestige, and you are the equivalent of an anarch. However,
the anarchs will not accept you due to some past transgressions
you have committed against them. You have no place in the
world of the Damned.

Chapter Three _» 41


Chapter Four

Templates

It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the

romantic character in art.

— Walter Pater, Appreciation

As mentioned earlier, the Toreador definition of art is
anything involving creativity, talent and dedication. Because
of this, the clan boasts an incredible diversity. Rather than
present variations on the typical Toreador Artiste and Poseur,
this collection of templates contains alternatives to the stan-
dard Toreador. Remember that concepts of "Artiste" and
"Poseur" are simply stereotypes. Attaching one of these labels
should not define the entire character or limit the character's
personality and goals.

Feel free to tamper with the numbers, Nature, Demeanor or
anything else in the description to make the character fit your
needs. These templates serve as guides to creating your own
characters. However, the best characters are the ones you
design and develop on your own.

Also nore that some of the Natures and Demeanors for these
templates are from The Vampire Players Guide.

ae

Lhave stood here before inside the pouring rain
With the world turning circles running ‘round my brain .
I guess I'm always hoping that you'll end this reign

king of pain
()

But it's my destiny to be the

— The Police, "King of Pain"
Quote: Yes, yes, | see what you are saying.
The light textures do offset the blue tones in the
way you describe. All I am saying is: so what?
I cannot understand how you can babble on for
so long about such trivia. Ob dear, I seem to
have finished this cocktail. Oh, waiter—
another please, a draught from one of the
, healthy ones this time.
Prelude: You were the talk of the
Guild for the first 10 years of your
‘ unlife. A great artist in life, your
paintings were unmatched even
among the undead. Then your unlife
suddenly changed for the worse. You
found your mortal children dead and watched your husband
die at the hands of ruthless Setites. You frenzied, destroying
two of them before the others could stake you. They tortured
you for nights, but one of their servants made the mistake of
removing the stake, and you repaid him in blood.

You killed anyone who came across your path. After escaping,
you tried working again, but found you could not. You travelled the
world partying, but after growing weary of it, you returned to your old
city, hoping fora new start. This time, you will acquire all the power you need
to make sure no one degrades, hurts or controls you like the Setites did.

Concept: You no longer value mortals and drink far more vitw: than you need,
Art no longer concerns you. To you, it 1s 4 silly waste of time. Everyone knows
power is the key to everything. You will use anyone and define any Kindred as

either an enemy ora tool. You have many beautiful ghouls; your pet dogs receive
better treatment than they do. Much of your time is spent engaging in politics,
schemes and perversity.

Roleplaying Tips: You are ruthless, cruel and inhuman. Your vision is

clouded with pain. The world is a far uglier place now that you have lost your
family. It may be possible for you to love, work and laugh again, but finding a
way will not be easy. Worse yet, you chose not to look. You prefer wallowing in

your self-pity.
Equipment: Expensive, custom-fitted suit,

small-caliber pistol and large

amounts of cash.

TOREADORL-LL,

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Name: Nature: Survivor Sire:
Player: Demeanor: Curmudgeon Generation: 11th
Chronicle: Concept: Burnout Haven:
(pe = Aibates =e
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000000 Charisma __ @@000000 Perception @@000000
Dexterity @@000000 = Manipulation @0000000 Intelligence. ©@@00000
Stamina @@000000 = Appearance @@0@00000~ = Wits @@@00000
eqge.,8
Talents Skills Knowledge -
Acting @0000000 Animal Ken 00000000 Bureaucracy 00000000
Alertness 00000000 Drive @0000000 Computer 00000000
Athletics 00000000 _ Etiquette #e@000000 Finance 00000000
Brawl_ e@@000000 Firearms @@000000 Investigation____O0000000
Dodge @0000000 = Melee @0000000 _ Law @0000000
Empathy 00000000 Music ae g000000 Linguistics #0000000
Intimidation ee@00000 _ Repair 00000000 Medicine 00000000
Leadership oo000000 | Security ss g@ 000000 Occult @0000000
Streetwise o0000000 Stealth. 00000 Politics @€@000000
Subterfuge ee@00000 = 3 Survival 00000 Science 00000000
———— Oa
<0 sss = Advantages = Ww
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex ooo00000 «Fame @0000000 _ ~— Conscience @@000
Celerity @0000000 Generation _ee000000
Presence ee@000000 Resources @@e@00000
ooo00000§ =. Retainers eoo00000 ——Self-Control____eeeoo
00000000 )=«—_ Status 0000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 oov00000 | ©—-"urage._eeeee
SSE
commen Other Traits Humanity se ve Health ————.-—-
isti ineeeeoc00 9 @@eSBO0O0I00DO Bruised Oo
otyle @@000000 Hurt 41a
Art History @0000000 ere Willpower x .
00000000 In 10
00000000 @ee@aeeeee000 Wounded -2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000... Bigod Pool Incapacitated O
00000000 Weakness
oooooo00 FITJOXOOOOOOUU ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
00000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

r vy

r T Yt


Concept: All the fanboys idealize you. You
are just plain awesome in their eyes— and in
your eyes, too. You have an inflated ego, but
your past success has given you reason to
have one. You are still new to the World
» of Darkness and have much to learn. Your
creativity has improved since your Em-
brace, and all the new challenges you have
had to face have given you new inspiration.
Roleplaying Tips: You are uncomfortable
in situations involving other Kindred. They
frighten you. Many claim you are a Poseur, but
you know they're just jealous. You refuse to

Co
Celebrity

Bite Me, Fanboy!
— Lobo

Quote: Yeah. I'm one of the founders of Facade Com-

ics, the hottest comic company around. We were tired of

working for the other guy. Now we make the Big

Bucks, and we can do things our way. No more

modifying the art to fit the story. Nobody reads

comics anyway. They buy them for the art. | listen " melt crincisms, ut you now
We give them what they want. Work less and less. "Found Comic

Lae , collectors, your egomania shines
" | forth.

Equipment: Box of draw-
ing utensils, bristol pad, roller
ruler, new sports Car, some
unfinished comic pages and
agold pen for autographing
comics,

Prelude: You gota lucky break

from one of the big comic eg
companies and worked --
hard. You played it 4 .
straight and narrow
until they realized
you were depend-
able. Then you
began develop-
ing your own
style. You were
hot. Then you
joined up with
some other big
names and
founded your
own com-
pany. You
were at the
top of the
field— so
what __ if
some jeal-
ous people
said you had no
talent? You knew \.

you were great.

While on tour,
you were abducted
from your hotel
room in the middle
of the night and Em-
braced by a Toreador
fanboy. Now you never meet
your deadlines, but you're a
part-owner in the company.
Besides, you're rich and im-
mortal. What does it matter,
anyway?

* =

46


wee
aaa Dhl

og

»)

TOREADORALL@

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade" ¢
Nature: Autocrat

JS

Name:

Sire:

Player: Demeanor: Architect Generation: \2th
Chronicle: Concept: Comic Book Celebrity Haven:
2 Attrhiaites SS
Physical Social Mental
Strength @0000000 — Charisma @ee@e@0000 ——~(Perception @@@00000
Dexterity @@@00000 = Manipulation @@@00000 _sIntelligence @@000000
Stamina __ €@000000 Appearance @@e@00000 Wits @@@00000
sisty —————— OOS
200 = Ab ities HP
Talents Skills Knowledge -
Acting : @0000000 Animal Ken 90000000 Bureaucracy 00000000
Alertness @0000000 sD rive @e@000000 Computer. @@000000
Athletics 00000000 Etiquette : 80000000 Finance @#@0e@0000
Brawl 00000000 Firearms 00000000 Investigation #@000000
Dodge @0000000 Melee 00000000 Law___. 00000000
Empathy @0000000 = Music 900000000 Linguistics 00000000 s
Intimidation @e@000000 _ Repair. 00000000 Medicine 00000000
Leadership @0000000 _ ~~ Security__ QO D0000 Occult 00000000
Streetwise ooo00000 —s_ Steallth__ 0000 Politics @0000000
Subterfuge ee000000 3 Survival sO >710000000 Science @0000000
=—_—_—_$== Op
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex ooo00000_—s Allies @e@000000 Conscience 00000
Celerity __ @@000000 Contacts @e@000000
Presence eo000000 3 §=Fame @@000000
00000000 Herd eee0o0000 =. Self-Control____eeeee
00000000 Resources ©@@80000
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 © Courage_________#@000
woe — ——— = — aoe Sal
co—- Other Traits ——<— Humanity 2 _— Health ——+«—
Artistic Expression #@000000 eeoeoaeveee00 Bruised oO
Masquerade _ @@000000 Hurt 4 da
Sooooooo corm Willpower —«— Injured 1 0
00000000 eee@eeee 000 Wounded 2 OF
Soooo000 }=CIOOOOOOOUOL Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled = 5 O
00000000 Weakness
awa Weakn
cooooo00 FIO OOOOOUOUU ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
\ 00000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED

*

md

ee

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5

Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

a ng poem omer een a een pe
r v TT & sd.

r 7 ot

Y |


Roleplaying Tips: You act a little crazy some-
times. The power you wield over the lives of your
followers has made you a bit giddy. You speak with
passion about everything. You are slightly para-
noid, but you are also very excited and Itappy.
You can see the pain in others and bring it into
the open to help them confront it. The only
cost is that you usually convince them you are
the answer to all their problems.
Equipment: Custom-fitted black suit, straight
razor, beeper, Glock 18 and a new black lim-
ousine.

It's not enough merely to worship a gud.
You've got to know which one's in
charge. And Heaven help you if you
mess around on the wrong turf.

— Harlan Ellison, Deathbird Stories
Quote: Serve me, for | am the chosen one. I have seen the
hollowness in your heart, and] will fill it. Come to me, my children.

Let my love for you extinguish the flames of this Hell on Earth.

We shall live in peace away from the eyes of man. I will

protect you and give you everything you need. The price

you. say? Nothing. Nothing but your faith and devo-
tion. We shall seek out the mysteries of the universe
together. Companionship ts all T need.
Prelude: You dabbled in the occult as a
teenager, though you never really took it
seriously, Your clean-cut good
looks and charm made all the
adults think of you as a little
angel, though you were far
from it. After you went away
to college, you began delv-
ing deeper into the occult
after taking a sociology
course on the subject.
Your innate ability to
win people over to your way
of thinking was what at- tracted
your sire. You were at a__ fraternity party with
two attractive young women, and you had con-
vinced them that you possessed psychic powers.
You took the women back to your place only to
find that one of them was not human. She Em-
braced you, and together you drank the other
woman dry. Your sire taught you about the Kin-
dred, but she has shown you only the darker side
of your existence. She left you a year ago, and you
have since organized your own cult, feeling it
would make your existence safer and more plea-
surable. Now you no longer have to hunt to feed.
Your prey is ready and willing.

Concept: You can convince people of just
about anything, and you can bring them into your
service with ease. You wish to become a powerful and
respected member of your clan, but you must hide your
cult from the eyes of other Kindred, or they will be used
against you. You have begun training some of your
cultists to become vampire hunters.

48 aq Clanbook: Toreador

manmaagey"

1G

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade" LD <

Nature: Director

@-LTOREADOR!

Namie: Sire:

Generation: 13th

ty
|
*
i
\
*

Player:
Chronicle:

Demeanor: Visionary
Concept: Cult Leader

Haven:

f

toy Attributes
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000000 = Charisma___ @0e0e@e@000 ~3= Perception @@000000
Dexterity @0000000 Manipulation  _— @®®00000 Intelligence @6@000000
Stamina... = @@@QO00N0 Appearance @@000000 Wits @@e@0@0000
Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting @@000000 Animal Ken O0000000 Bureauctacy___ 00000000
Alertness @0000000 Drive @e@000000 Computer 00000000
Athletics 00000000 _ Etiquette @e@000000 Finance 00000000
Brawl 00000000 _ Firearms @@e000000 Investigation 00000000
Dodge @0000000 Melee 00000000 Law 00000000
Empathy @@0@@0000 = Music 00000000 Linguistics @0000000
Intimidation @@000000 _ Repair. 90000000 Medicine 00000000
Leadership @ee0@@0000 = Security. @@000000 Occult @@000000
Streetwise 00000000 Stealth a gQCQDO"DN00 Politics @0000000
Subterfuge 00000000 — Survival 00000000 Science @0000000
<Os0 pss SS Ahvantages ——SSSSSavow——-
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues

Auspex 00000000 Herd @e0e@0000 = Conscience @@000
Celerity oooo0000 => Mentor @0000000
Presence eee00000§ = Resources @8@@00000

00000000 ~=— Retainers @0000000_~—- Self-Control____eeeeo

00000000 00000000

00000000 00000000

00000000 ooo00000 — Pourage ooo

~——= Other Traits oo Humanity ee ve Health —-—«--
00000000 , Hurt 4 dO
soooooe0 eeeoveeee00n0 Wounded 2 O
coooooon |= WOooooo0o0o Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 OU
00000000... Blood Pool —— Incapacitated 9 O
00000000 . Weakness ;
ooooo000 FIDO OOOOOOU ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
00000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED
DNOOOOOOOOU TO BREAK FREE.

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backg
1 ' ‘ a ' "ai

altar = Ae

a

~

rounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

|

rot


My business took over my life— by choice.
— Riva Yares

Quote: It's tough breaking into the field today, but somehow I

made it. Now look at me. New home. New car. Wife and kids. I

got it made. Well, almost. You see, | *m now one of the creatures |

write about. Bad side is that I have to deal with a lot of powerful and

evil beings. Good side is that they give me a lot to write about.

Prelude: You never really grew up. The monster under the
bed, the werewolves who patrolled the woods behind your
house— you carried them all with you into adulthood. You
graduated college with a B.A. in English and tried to find work
as a teacher, but had no luck. You ended up in a mill job, but
spent your free time writing.

You had it tough at first. The rejections were hard to deal
with, but you finally gota break. Within 10 years, you had
sold seven best-sellers and a massive number of short
stories. They even made a movie based on one of your
works. Youattracted the attention of another writer,
an undead writer. Your work touched her like no Q /
other mortal's had, so she Embraced you. 4

Concept: You lead a double life and still
live with your family. You told your wife the
truth, and your kids are asking questions.
You are still writing, but your grim
work has become even darker than it
was be-
fore the
Embrace.
Perhaps the
change has
affected you
on a deeper
level than you
realize.

Roleplaying Tips: You are
very endearing and down-to-earth.
You have done well for yourself, but you have
not let fame ruin your life. Making friends
among the Kindred has been easy, but many of
them fear they will become characters for your sto-
ries. You are slightly paranoid, but you hide it well. Perhaps
your fear is justified: there are rumors that some of the elders
want you destroyed. After all, your writing might breach the
Masquerade.

Equipment: Miniature tape recorder, note pad, pens, laptop
computer, Rolex, Colt Anaconda, shoulder holster, extra
ammunition, beeper and a couple of new novels by other
writers.

50

OL

U
i
"
t
Y
*

JS

TOR

EADOR:

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Namie: Nature: Architect

Player: Demeanor: Optimist

Chronicle: Concept: Horror Writer
Loy Attributes

Physical Social

Strength @@@00000 == Charisma @@e@00000

Dexterity @8000000 = Manipulation__ ®©® 000000

Stamina @@0@00000 Appearance @0000000

8 SSE Abilities

Sire:

Generation: 13th
Haven: .

—__—_- AL

Mental
Perception @@000000
Intelligence. @e0@e0000
Wits @@00@0000

OH
—_—————— ese

Talents Skills Knowledge"
Acting 00000000 — Animal Ken 00000000 _ Bureaucracy. @0000000
Alertness @0000000 Drive 2e000000 Computer #8000000
Athletics 00000000 _ Etiquette 80000000 Finance @0000000
Brawl eo000000 Firearms. 80000000 Investigation @@000000
Dodge 00000000 Melee 00000000 Law 00000000
Empathy @@@00000 = Music 00000000 Linguistics @@000000
Intimidation @0000000_ Repair T0000 Medicine 00000000
Leadership Qo0000000 Security 900000000 Occult @80660000
Streetwise 00000000 _~‘Stedlth_———— {0000000 _—s~Poilitics 00000000
Subterfuge 00000000 Survival. QQ:00000 Science @@000000
——— OOS
<0 ees SSS ANvantages a SSPE!RE
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex ee@00000 = 83=6©Contacts @@000000 ~=Conscience e00e0
Celerity 00000000 Fame @0@000000
Presence 00000000 Resources @@0080000
00000000 00000000 _— Self-Control_____eeooo
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 ooo000000 = Courage ooee0
come Other Traits —<-- occa Humanity r= Health ——--
Masquerade @0000000 @@@@@ e800 Bruised Oo
Poetic Expression @@@00000 Hurt 4 0
coooooe0 coon Willpower ——— Injured -1 O
00000000 ee@eeee@00d0 Wounded -2 0
ooooo000 =CIOOOOOOOO0 Mauled -2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Blood Poo! — Incapacitated 9
a 90000000 oeseeme Weakness ——<--
ooooo000 QUO OUOUUUUO ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
00000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED
ONOOOOOONo TO BREAK FREE.

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

eat te

|

1 |

|

—

1 |

1 |

|

a

A)

AG

f
}


Masquerade. You must be careful, or they might
decide to destroy you.

Roleplaying Tips: You are cold and haughty,
except when interviewed by the media, in
which case you turn on the charm and humil-
ity. You see yourself as the star. Everyone else
exists to serve you. You get tired of your fans
always bothering you, but you secretly cannot

stand it when no one recognizes you. You con-
sider yourself the ultimate in toughness, beauty
and charisma. You cannot stand it when anyone
bests you in anything.

Millions

I have never quite understood this
sex symbol business, but if I'm going
to be a symbol of something, I'd rather
have it be sex than some of the other
things they've got symbols for.

— Marilyn Monroe

Quote: Darling, how wonderful! You
made it! It's so good to see you. You look
fabulous. Have you seen my new movie? ...
Why, thank you ... Oh, well, yes, it was
tough, but the director was just a peach.
The schedule worked out perfectly. You
know, it's grossed over 40 mil so far ...
No, I'm not surprised. I'm glad people
recognize talent when they see it.

Prelude: You grew up in De-
troit, one of seven children in a
poor family. Well, at least that's
how you tell it. You worked ‘.
your way through college, get-

ting a degree in drama. You we
went to Hollywood and ac-
tually managed to geta small if ,
part in a low-budget film. A big-
name director recognized your talent
and made you a success. By the time you
were 23, you had starred in seven movies, and your
name was almost always first in the credits. Your
wild personal life was a hot subject for tabloids
and television shows.

One night, a Toreador production assis-
tant came into your dressing room and
Embraced you. Since that time, you have
managed to continue working some,
though far less than if you were still
mortal. You would not like being a
vampire, except now you will never
grow old. Still, you know you must
retire from the movie business some
day before everyone begins to notice
your ageless grace.

Concept: Most of the public
adores you. You were once voted
one of the sexiest people alive, and
now you are certainly one of the
sexiest people undead. The other
Toreador grow weary of you be-
cause you jeopardize the

Equipment: Trendy outfit, quby ring, shades
and a.357 magnum revolver in a shoulder

52 @_ Clanbook:


Namie:
Player:
Chronicle:

OREADO

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Le)

$0 Attributes =

Physical
Streneth @@000000
Dexterity @#@@8@00000
Stamina @6000000

eS bites —— ro

Nature: Competitor Sire:
Demeanor: Praise-Seeker Generation: 13th
Concept: Ido! of Millions Haven:
on

Social Mental
Charisma e@e@00000 ‘Perception @@000000
Manipulation___ @@000000__sIntelligence @@000000
Appearance_____—s@@@@@000_~— Wits @@000000

Talents Skills Knowledge~
Acting @e€e@000000 ~~ Animal Ken 20000000 Bureaucracy 00000000
Alertness oo00gn0g0000 Drive BO0000000 Computer G0000000
Athletics @@000000 _ Etiquette @2e@e@00000 Finance @@000000
Brawl @0000000 _ Firearms @®0000000 Investigation 00000000
Dodge _ @eeo000000 Melee  noog0000 Law @0000000
Empathy @0000000 = Music __ @e@000000 Linguistics @0000000
Intimidation 00000000 _ Repair 00000000 Medicine @0000000
Leadership 00000000 _ Security @0000000 Occult. 00000000
Streetwise @0000000 Stealth 00000000 Politics 00000000
Subterfuge ooo00000 © Survival QQ 00000 Science 00000000
=== Oa
0s 0 = Advantages Sot
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex 00000000 Contacts @@000000 ~— Conscience @0@00
Celerity 00000000 Fame @0000000
Presence eeeo0000§3=>. Resources @@0@00000
00000000 Retainers @0000000 Self-Control____———s @@@00
00000000 Status @0000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 oo000000 ©" Courage_____eeeeo
=== Other Traits = Humanity Health ———-.--
Masquerade eeeoo000 9 © 0 OO ® @eooo Bruised oO
Seduction @@@00000 Hurt 41 0
50000000 seg Willpower ——--- Injured 4 O
00000000 eeeeoeeeodoododod Wounded 2 UO
cooooo0nd COU OOOOOUUU Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 U
00000000. Breod Pool Incapacitated =
90000000 mum Weakness
saree = —
ooooo000 FOO OOOOUO0 ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
oo0000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)
—— a —IT x

omen | at

 ———

=

r t tT iO

r tf


interferes with your studies. Recently, you have come to the
conclusion that you must achieve some degree of power among
the other Kindred, just so they will leave you alone and quit
using you as their pawn because of your physical prowess.

The combat deepens. On, ye brave,
Who rush to glory, or the grave!
— Thomas Campbell, "Hohenlinden"

Quote: Hear the wind upon the water. It flows
like the churning in my soul.

Prelude: You spent much of your childhood
in Hong Kong, the son of an American business-
man. Your parents returned to America when
you were 12, but they allowed you to remain in
Hong Kong with your uncle, who ran a
martial arts school. You had the
potential to one day become a
superior martial artist, and your
parents decided to allow you to
pursue your gift.

When you were 15, however,
your uncle died in a car wreck,
and you returned to America to
live with your parents. You hadsome
trouble fitting in at school, but you

continued your training, and it -
occupied your YY \

time. After

Roleplaying Tips: You are quiet most
LEB of the time. However, much of
a ree what you say is enigmatic, vague
"  anduseless. You carry yourself in a very hum-ble
"a} manner, but when you are presented with danger, you take
a bold stance and glare at your enemy. When presented
with a chance to fight, you move with unnatural
beauty and mechanical precision.
Equipment: Jeans, black heavy metal
T-shirt, trench coat, combat boots
and a concealed martial arts wea-
pon of some sort.

~~

winning a
number o
tournaments,

you attracted
the attention of a Toreador who
recognized your talent and dedi-
cation. She decided to provide
you with all eternity to per-
fect your arts.

Concept: You are an
artist. Your unattainable
goal is the ultimate and
perfect union of mind,
body and spirit through
the martial arts. The
Toreador recognize
you as an Artiste, but
you have little to
do with them.
You develop
your talents
not for others,
but for yourself.
You have had some
difficulty since your Em-
brace. The fact that you
do not breathe bothers
you and occasionally

54

TOREADORL-L,

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Name: Nature: Perfectionist Sire:

Player: Demeanor: Loner Generation: Oth
Chronicle: Concept: Martial Artist Haven: .
0 Attributes ——————-+>
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@@00000 = Charisma @@000000 ‘Perception @8@000000
Dexterity @6eee0000 Manipulation___ @® 000000 Intelligence @ee000000
Stamina @e@@00000 Appearance @@000000 Wits @@e0@0000

2S ————EESE==—————— Abilities

rn

Talents Skills Knowledge
Acting 00000000 Animal Ken, 20000000 Bureaucracy 00000000
Alertness @e@@00000 =~ — Drive 00000000 Computer 00000000
Athletics @e@00000 _ Etiquette @0000000 Finance 00000000
Brawl ee@eeeooo — Firearms 00000000 Investigation 00000000
Dodge @@@00000 Melee @@@00000 Law. 00000000
Empathy @0000000 = Music 00000000 Linguistics @@000000
Intimidation 00000000 _ Repair 00000000 Medicine__ @0000000
Leadership 00000000 Security. @0000000 Occult @@000000
Streetwise 00000000 — Stealth @e@@00000 Politics 00000000
Subterfuge 00000000 — Survival 00000000 Science 00000000
=——— eee OO
<0 ess sss Avant §¢S —SSSS=Swm
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex. ooo00000-—_ Allies @0000000 ~~ Conscience e0ee0
Celerity @@@00000 Generation @000@0000
Presence ooo00000 3 => Mettor @0000000
00000000 oooco000 — Self-Control____eeeee
00000000 00000000
00000000 90000000
00000000 oo000000 «TC ourage_______9#ee@0
some Other Traits —~ Humanity Health ———.—
00000000 @@@ 08 eee800 Bruised q
00000000 Hurt 4 0
09000000 m= Willpower—e~ ned
00000000 @ee@e@e@e eo e200 Wounded -2 O
sooooo0g COODOUOOOOO0 Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
90000900 ove Weakness ——<--
cooooo00 FQIQOOOOOOOUU ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
00000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

r Yt


Equipment: Needles, inks and
all other tattooing paraphernalia,

jeep, Desert Eagle
Better to die on your feet than live on your knees. with laser sight and
extra q ammunition,

— Dolores Ib4rruri, speech in Paris . '

Quote: Piss off. Unless you came here to have some work done, ae belt > holster and sil-
you might as well walk outta here before I throw youout...Oh, you <a "A x ver dagger.
want a tattoo, huh? You seem a little too scared for that. You sure? $6) a
... Well, okay then. Have a seat and I'll be right with you ... What ( TOA
do you mean, do I throw away the inks when I'm done? Of course \ :
I do. I'ma professional. A real artiste. \\' <r ™S

Prelude: As a kid, you were a juvenile delinquent. We ©
After you graduated high school, you went into the e
Marines. They threw you out after one enlistment,
so you began working as an apprentice to a
tattoo artist. Soon your work was better than
his. You left town and started your own busi-
ness.

A Toreador came into your shop one night and re -
quested a tattoo of a phoenix on her back. You did the work,
and she was so impressed by it that she Embraced you in
payment. However, you quickly found out that you did not fit
in among the other Toreador. Your sire had Embraced you only
ona dare, and you came to hate her.

One night, you led a group of anarchs to her haven and they
destroyed her. They also forced you to commit diablerie on her. i
Afterwards, they told you that you were one of them, and you ‘a
could never be accepted within your clan as an Artiste. f

They threatened to tell others how you betrayed your sire,
so you were forced to join them. While hunting one night, a {
pack of werewolves spotted you. The Lupines were going to
destroy you, but you promised to lead them to your anarch JUST DO No TH
gang if they would spare you. They agreed. You led the ING
Lupines to their haven and ran away as the Kindred were
torn apart. You have remained an outcast ever since.

Concept: You are an independent. You enjoy unlife on
your own terms. You can be cruel and deadly in protecting
your freedom, but you prefer to be friendly. However,
since your Embrace, you have become more and more
distrustful of Kindred and kine alike. Now you focus on
your work, and you plan to close your shop so you can
travel the world to train with the real masters of your
craft.

Roleplaying Tips: You hate taking orders from

others. While you would like to be accepted
back into your clan or the anarchs as an equal,
you will not let others control you. You are 4
loud-mouthed and mean when neces- ti
Ze :

sary, but if a person shows an interest

in you or your work, you can really a
open up. If someone gave you the
chance, you would be a loyal friend,
but so far you have only met Kin-
dred who want to use you.

56 @_ Clanbook: Ww

Y \\

i"
as ~<a

~~ _—

OAT

OREADOR

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Name: Nature: Rebel Sire:
Player: Demeanor: Survivor Generation: 11th
Chronicle: Concept: Outcast Haven:
SSS A hates SS
Physical Social Mental
Strength @@@e@00000 Charisma @0000000 Perception, @6900000
Dexterity @@@00000 = Manipulation @@000000 Intelligence @@@00000
Stamina @@000000 = Appearance @@@00000 ~~ Wits @@0@60000
00ers Ait = Mw
Talents Skills Knowledge-
Acting 00000000 Animal Ken 00000000 Bureaucracy 00000000
Alertness @0000000 Drive 20000000 Computer___ 00000000
Athletics 900000000 _ Etiquette 00000000 Finance _.00000000
Brawl @e@000000 Firearms @e@e@00000 Investigation @0000000
Dodge @@000000 ~~ Melee @0000000 Law @0000000
Empathy 00000000 = Music 00000000 Linguistics @0000000
Intimidation @0000000 _ Repair @0000000 Medicine 00000000
Leadership oo000000 | Security__— @@ 000000 Occult @0000000
Streetwise @@@00000 — Stealth @@000000 Politics 00000000
Subterfuge @0000000 Survival gO 00000 Science @0000000
——_
<0 0s = Advantages ==EEESERE
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex eooo0000-—s_ Allies @0000000 Conscience @0@00
Celerity e0000000 = Contacts @0000000
Presence ee000000 Generation @@000000
00000000 Resources e000c000 — Self-Control___eeeeo
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000
. 00000000 oo000000 = Courage e000
RN
soem Other Traits —~ ——— Humanity te Health ———-—
Artistic Expression ee@00000 @ @ @ee@eee00d Bruised oO
00000000 Hurt 4 0
50000000 sora Willpower ——<— Injured 4-1 O
00000000 eee@eee@00d Wounded 2 O
oooooond COOOUOOOUO00 Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 - Blood Pool Incapacitated O
00000000 Weakness
ome Weakn
oooocc00 QU OOOOOOUU ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
00000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points: 15 (7/5/2/1)

1 |

|

r 4

©,


Concept: You are an excellent plastic
surgeon and continue to practice your craft,
operating only at night. You claim this is
to protect your clients from paparazzi. You
J wish to attain respect and status among
the Toreador as an Artiste, and it annoys
you that most of them consider you a
Poseur. Still, if they were aging mortals
with money, they would come to you for
help. This gives you the strength-to resist their
criticisms with a smile. You have heard of
something called Vicissitude, a power to shape and
mold living tissue. Now you have dedicated yourself
to discovering a vampire who possesses this power.
You'd give just about anything to learn it.

Surgeon

I often say a great doctor kills more people than
a great general.

— Baron Gortfried Wilhelm von
Leibnitz, Bulletin of the New York Academy of
Medicine, vol. V

Quote: You are very beautiful, but yes, can
improve upon your nose. After all, no one
is perfect, youknow. I couldalso thicken
your lips to enhance that new nose.
Would you be interested? Please
sit by the computer and let me
show you some of the various
looks you could pick from. I
can work wonders with the
flesh, my dear.

Prelude: You were born
in Burbank to a wealthy fam-
ily and have never wanted for
anything. In high school and
college, you graduated near the
top of your class. You went to one
of the finer medical schools. Even-
tually, you opened your own practice,
specializing in cosmetic surgery. It did
not take long for you to build up a large
clientele of rich, well-known people.

You received a call one night from
a woman who claimed to have a rare
skin condition that would allow her
to see you only at night. When you
met her at your office, she Embraced
you. You had done some work on
her ghouls, and she loved it. In her
eyes, there is no question about
your talent.

Roleplaying Tips: You are sophisticated,
wealthy, educated and talented, and many
important mortals fawn over you. You
hate being treated as inferior to anyone
else, which is how many of the Toreador
elders and critics have treated you. You
would like to see them put in their
place, but you are too afraid to do it
yourself. You are something of acon-

niver and manipulator, but most
consider you too cowardly toserve
as an actual threat.

Equipment: New, black

BMW, cellular phone, beeper and
a bag of operating tools—scalpels,
sutures, latex gloves, a mask and
other goodies.

58

a

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

TOREADO

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"

Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Ferfectionist
Concept: Plastic Surgeon

Sire:
Generation: 12th
Haven:

0p = Att ih tes

Physical
Strength @@000000
Dexterity @e@e@e@0000
Stamina @@000000

SR —— EEE Abilities

Charisma
Manipulation @@@00000

Social
@@o000000

Appearance @@000000

Mental
Perception @@@00000
Intelligence @00ee0000
Wits @@e@00000

——————— ns QO -
See" or

Talents Skills Knowledge~
Acting @0000000 Animal Ken 00000000 _ Bureaucracy #0000000
Alertness @0000000 Drive @@000000 Computer @@000000
Athletics @0000000 _ Etiquette 00000000 Finance @@@00000
Brawl 00000000 _ Firearms 00000000 Investigation, 00000000
Dodge @0000000_ Melee @e@000000 Law. 00000000
Empathy @0000000 Music 00000000 Linguistics 00000000
Intimidation @@000000 _ Repair @0000000 Medicine @6000000
Leadership @0000000 -~—_ Security__ QQ 000000 Occult. 00000000
Streetwise 00000000 Stealth jp 0000000 _—s=~Pooilitics 00000000
Subterfuge ee@00000)—)0 Survival 7.000000 Science 00000000
— ee PO
<50+0 ass SS Advantages —=>==>>E!y
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex ee000000)—s Allies @0000000 Conscience @@000
Celerity 00000000 Fame @0000000
Presence @0000000 Generation @0000000
00000000 = ©§Resources ee0ee00co = Self-Control___eeeee
00000000 Status @0000000
00000000 09000000
00000000 oo000000 © Courage_____@@@00
ee ee
ow—— Other Traits - a Humanity Health ——+-—
Artistic Expression eeooo000 | @ @ @ @e@eee 000 Bruised 0
00000000 Hurt 40
00000000 jured
00000000 eeeeee@edaoodondd Wounded 22 O
oooooo0gd CHOOOOOOOO0U Mauld 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
a) . n i
00000000... Broad Pool ; Incapacitated 0
00000000 Weakness
oooooo00 QOOOOOO00O0U ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
00000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED
nooooooooo OWER ROLL REQ

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

( Ul

r Tt Tt


for his work. You see your music as merely a vehicle for

pe eC a expression. You would make a wonderful anarch, but you have

yet to give them your full attention. Turning to them now

y v would limit your ability to influence others af cre-

Ul aris ative ability. Right now, you are trying to figure
And I ain't in it for the power
And I ain't in it for my health

Nout what your fellow Toreador are like. You hope
to convince them of your way of seeing things. In

I ain't in it for the glory of anything at all

And I sure ain't in it for the wealth

fact, some of them have developed an apprecia-
tion for your work.

Roleplaying Tips: You believe the message
in your words and music. Though you are some-
thing of an anarch, the Toreador do not

recognize you as one. They regard you as an
intellectual rebel with a message to spread.
Youdo not seek power for its own sake.
You seek power for the purpose
of breaking the bonds of stag-

But I'm in it ‘til it's over and I just can't stop

If you wanna get it done

You gotta fight for yourself

And I like my music like I like my life

Everything louder than everything else!

— Meatloaf, "Everything

Louder than Everything Else"

Quote: I'm not a musician. I'm
an anarchist and a mental terrorist.
I practice what | preach, and I teach.
the youth to open their eyes and see
beyond the intellectual prisons in
which their parents force them to
live. The kids who listen to my music
understand where I'm coming from.
It's something they already feel —
something primal. I just show them
how to express it.

nation, so you and
everyone who listens
to you Cal really
live. You are loyal
to your clan and
yourcoteric, but you
still do not fit in very
well, since you refuse
to conform to the
thoughts, appearances
and actions of others.
Equipment: Fender
Stratocaster, black
leather pants, black
trench coat, black T-
shirt, shades, silver
jewelry, Case knife,
Ithaca M37 pump-ac-
tion shotgun, two
pockets full of shells,
Harley-Davidson mo-
torcycle and whatever
sound equipment you

Prelude: You grew up ina nice
suburban neighborhood. You had
good friends, though you were
never really popular in school. You
were neither a geek nor a trouble-
maker; you were just one of those
kids who never got noticed. You

went to college at your parents'
behest, where you met the guys in
the band. Together you formed a
group called Hecate's Fiasco and
began playing where you could

find work. You quit college a
year before graduation and
moved to Los Angeles with your
band. You played in clubs, and
eventually a minor label signed you.
You did okay for yourself for a few
years, but your band eventually broke
up over petty squabbling. While visiting
some old friends, you were recognized by
a Toreador who adored your work. She
Embraced you, and you have continued
to make records.

Concept: Youare an Artiste (though
some would claim otherwise) who lives

60

A

@! TOREADORI LLG

JS

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
Namie: Nature: Visionary Sire:
Player: Demeanor: Revel Generation: 12th

Chronicle: Concept: Speed Metal Guitarist Haven:

cp = Attributes ——=——————— G0

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000000 ~~ Charisma @@0@00000 _ s—Perception @@000000
Dexterity @@@00000 = Manipulation @@000000 Intelligence @e@000000
Stamina @@@00000 = Appearance @@@00000 ~~ Wits @e@000000
<6 ———E™™EEE——E—E—EE state
es Abilities OOS
Talents Skills Knowledge~
Acting @0000000 Animal Ken 00000000 Bureaucracy 00000000
Alertness 00000000 Drive 88800000 Computer. 00000000
Athletics @e@@00000 Etiquette #0000000 Finance @0000000
Brawl. @e@000000 _ Firearms @@000000 Investigation @0000000
Dodge @0000000 ~~ Melee e@0000000 Law 00000000
Empathy 00000000 Music @@8@0000 Linguistics 00000000
Intimidation @0000000 _ Repair @0000000 Medicine 00000000
Leadership 00000000 Security. @®0000000 Occult, @@000000
Streetwise @0000000 _ Stelth__ gD 00000 Politics @0000000
Subterfuge 00000000 Survival 00000000 Science 00000000
=<=_*** TT OPO
Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues
Auspex 00000000 Contacts @0000000 ~~ Conscience e0000
Celerity @e0800000 Fame @8000000
Presence @0000000 Generation @0000000
00000000 Resources e0000000_~—Self-Control____eeeoo
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 90000000 ‘Courage_______@@eo00
LE
== Other Traits omen Aamanity = Health -
00000000 @@@e@eeee@00 Bruised o
00000000 ; Hurt 41a
soooooo0 seme Willpower ——<— Injured 9-1 O
00000000 eeeeaeeee@eodoodndn Wounded 2 O
oooooongd CKOOOOOOOOO Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Blood Pool Incapacitated 9 O
00000000 Weakness
<SOt eee
oooooo00 FIQOOOOOOO0U ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
00000000 WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

1

|

1 |

1 |

|

+ me

1 i |

f


Roleplaying Tips: You
have an explosively
emotional personality.
To many, you are an
obvious fake, but your
ability to cell people
what they want to hear
has provided you with
quite a following. Youare
not the least bit religious
in real life, but you can turn
on your piety like flipping a
light switch.
Equipment: Micro-
phone, white suit,
make-up, jewelry

\" and a Bible.

Television has proved that people will look at anything
rather than each other.

— Ann Landers

Quote: (Change the channel to the religious station and
pick one.)

Prelude: You never really took your faith seriously. You
went to church, but it never meant anything to you. After
graduating high school, you began preaching with a travelling
revival. Eventually, you weeded out the other preachers
who took their work seriously. They were costing you
money with their honesty and good works.

Over a 10-year period, you built a mas-
sive following (and bankroll). Then you
began airing your messages on a local
television station in the wee hours of
the night. Still, you were not satisfied.
Through sheer cunning and charisma,
you pushed your "ministry" into a full
television station. You now broadcast
24 hours a day. You have put a small
fraction of the money you have re-
ceived to actual good use, but the
majority lies in your personal Swiss
bank account. About a year ago, a
Toreador Embraced you, but you
continue your "work" just as before.

Concept: Youare aspiritual leech
who has grown financially fat off
the poor, the old and the naive.
Many social security checks are |
signed over to you each month.

You enjoy your work immensely. La
Despite the fact that you are Kin-

dred, you have no problem with

your work. Fortunately, there is

not a single individual in your

"ministry" who has real Faith.

You know very little about the

World of Darkness and are a

prime target for those who

would use you as you have

used other people.

62


C
:
i
\
*

VS

D1 ITOREADORI LLG,

LS)

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade"
Namie: Nature: Conniver Sire:

Player: Demeanor: Fanatic Generation: 13th
Chronicle: Concept: Televangelist Haven: .
a4 Attributes

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000000 - = Charisma ee@ee@0000 s=&Perception @@0e00000
Dexterity @@000000 = Manipulation @@@0@0000 Intelligence @@e@00000
Stamina @@000000 Appearance @@000000_=s—* Wits @@000000
ege.,e
SO S===anaBaeE Abilities SSS OO
Talents Skills Knowledge~
Acting @@@00000 = Animil Ken 00000000 Bureaucracy @0000000
Alertness 00000000 _—ODrrive @®0000000 Computer 00000000
Athletics 00000000 _ Etiquette @@000000 Finance @@000000
Brawl 00000000 _ Firearms @0000000 Investigation. #0000000
Dodge 00000000 Melee 00000000 Law @0000000
Empathy @@000000 = Music 00000000 Linguistics @@000000
Intimidation ee000000" Repair QOD 000 Medicine 00000000
Leadership @e@@00000~ Security. = g@QQ00000 Occult @@000000
Streetwise 00000000 _ Stealth 00000000 Politics @0000000
Subterfuge @@000000- = Survival QQ:0Q0000 Science 00000000

500 rs SS Advantages jor

Disciplines Backgrounds Virtues

Auspex @ee000000_—s Allies @e000000 ~Conscience @0000

Celerity 00000000 Contacts @0000000

Presence ee000000 Fame @@000000
ooo00000 —_ Influence eooc0000 —_ Self-Control____eeeee
ooo00000 8 §=©Resources @0000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 oo000000 + ourage______eeeeo

con Other Traits a= Humanity Health

Masquerade _eooo0000 9 @ 0 8 0 @ 0000 Bruised Oo
00000000 Hurt 410
O0000000 orem Willpower ——=-— Injured -1 O
00000000 J
00000000 e@eeeeoee@eododond Wounded 22 O
cooooo0g HUOOOOOOOOU0 Mauled 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 O
00000000 Blood Pool Incapaciated «8&0
00000000 - Weakness
ooooo000 QUO OOOO00U ENRAPTURED BY BEAUTY.
coo00000) FU OOoOoOoOoOoOo WILLPOWER ROLL REQUIRED

Attributes:7/5/3 Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7/5/2/1)

i on

1 |

|

r go dst

|



Make way for your betters.
— Latin proverb

While there can be any number of famous individuals immortal. Be careful not to overpopulate the World of Dark-
among the Toreador, none of them are listed here. One of the ness with well-known figures. Using them sparingly, and
considerations a Storyteller must make is deciding which = making them believable, can spice up the game.
artists, movie stars, rock stars and other celebrities are now

65

ap

Derrick Zeel

The Kindred known as Derrick Zeel is a porn star. He owns
the video production company that makes his films. Zeel is a
major figure in the slave trade, and some claim he has cults
dedicated to him in every corner of the world. Gangs of
powerful anarchs surround him and keep other Kindred from
bothering him.

No one knows Zeel's real identity. Many believe he is an
incredibly ancient Toreador, but few have actually seen him in
person. One Thaumaturgist claims Zeel is a Fourth-Genera-
tion Toreador. Legends tell of a Toreador named Jontius who

66 @_Clanbook: Toreador

was Embraced in ancient Greece. Iontius somehow gained the
ability to feed off his victims through sex rather than by normal
vampiric means. Some claim the sexual undertones of vampiric
myths originated with him. lontius supposedly never used his
real name, but he has been spotted throughout history. He has
kept a Giovanni lover for centuries, acted as a major leader in
the fight against the Inquisition, and infiltrated and betrayed
the Sabbat.

If the Sabbat ever finds evidence that Zeel is Jontius, a War
Party will be called for him immediately.

Geneveve Orseau

Orseau was Embraced at least 800 years ago and made her
reputation as an important and respected art critic. While she
is a Poseur, she has demonstrated her abilities as an Artiste in
the past. Orseau controls one of the largest Toreador art
schools in existence and has students around the world. She is
incredibly wealthy and has several childer.

What truly makes her unique is her past. Orseau is believed
to be one of the few faerie changelings to survive vampiric
Embrace. She has demonstrated odd powers in the past to
support this outrageous claim. In addition, she was a major
leader in a Jyhad between the Toreador and the Followers of
Set throughout the 11th and 12th centuries. Some whisper
that she is an agent of the Inconnu, but this is only rumor.

Appendix 67

a

Alexandria

Alexandria is believed to be a Fifth-Generation Toreador
who controls a number of casinos in Chile and Argentina. She
is also the Prince of Buenos Aires. An extremely beautiful
vampire, she controls most of the Camarilla's activities in
Argentina. Alexandria travelled to the New World with
Francisco Pizarro's expedition. She is known to have feuded
with Helena, another ancient Toreador who came to the New
World around the same time. Some older Toreador claim
Alexandria is actually Callisti y Castillo.

68 . Clanbook: Toreador

Alexandria is not your typical Toreador. In addition to her
already busy schedule, she is possibly the greatest art thief to
ever exist. She has stolen many of the greatest masterpieces in
existence, replacing them with undetectable fakes. Other
princes have placed her on their most-wanted lists under the
identity of "Red Ludwig." She is the owner of one of the largest
private collections of museum-quality works.

In the room, the women come and go,

Talking of Michelangelo.

— TS. Eliot, "The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock"

|

i

Potentially the mightiest of the
vampire clans, Toreador is also the
most divided clan, paralyzed by bitter
infighting. For millennia, _ their
world-shaking battles within the clan
have been just as intense as their
relentless struggles against other
Kindred. No other clan has had such
an effect on the world of mortals. No
other clan can match the effect of the
Toreador.

the history of the clan and the roles
it has played in both human and
vampiric culture;
ten sample chara
players and Storytellers;

the secrets of how the Toreador use
their arts to destroy their enemies.

ters suitable for
