# File: Transylvania Chronicles I - Dark Tides Rising.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

nied

ig

wae 4S aa . *
VER CHRONICLEREOR VAMPIRE:
frve DAR AGES' AND Vi THE M&SQUERADE"
7 m



Crepirs

Authors: Bri npbell and Nicky Rea
Additional Material: Jackie Cassada,
Additional Conceptual Designs Ju
Hach

Developer: Just
Editor: Cary Goff
Art Director: Lawrence Snelly

Layout & Typesetting: Katie McCaskill

Interior Art: John Cobb, Pia Guerra, Eric Hotz, Robby Pore,

Chock Regan, Andrew Ritchie, Andrew Trabbold

Front Cover Art: Andrew Ritchie

Front & Back Cover Design: Katie McCaskill

Playtesting: Mike "Allah Wills {e!" Berg, Chris "Intestinal

Fortitixde" Motiney, Jim "Arabic Secret Conterences" Yingst,

Brian "Ackbar and Geoffrey" Catmpbell, Anthony "Dime

store Messiah" Waygner, Tony Gleason, Michael Pras, Daniel

J. Turek, William) Hindmarch, Jed Gremmlee and Marcy

‘Working With Murdeiers" Gleason, Extra miad props to the

BSFFA's who helped work ouc te bugs in che formative stiges
ee ya at Dairyland

Achilli and Robert

Achull)

Spec. THanks To:

Mike "Moe Green" Tinney, for making his bones while { was

still dating cheerleaders,

Brian "This Hurts" Glass, for playing video ames inti is
broke.

Ken "Drunk and Slurry" Cliffe, whose voice mall i always

there for me when I stumble home at four in the meen

Andrew "Zig-A-Zig- Ah Bates, for documenting my inescap

able decline

Dean "Readhouie" Bumham, for kicking ass and raking

‘numbers at Martinis.

Chris "Backside" McDonough and Brad "The Littlest

feverate Soldier" Butkovitch, for baring thei... sou

GenCon 97

Madonna, just bucsuse 1 love her

Nicky's Speciar, THANKS:

Special Thanks to Dan Donnelly, who plays Tremere as they
cought to be played; to Tadd MeDivitt, who portrays Tremere
(rlinly) as we're all afm they'l be played ro fim Crabrree,
swhove artwork conrimes ta tease and intrigue and moe cf al
Justin Achill and Rob Hatch for their continuing inspiration.

reproduced

the supemtural for sectings,
themes. All mgstieal
twos for en
‘Cheek out White Wolf online at
heepslfwww whice-wolleom:
regimes fp storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

(2 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Ine. Al rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publoher is expresily forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets, which may be
joe personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire the

Ascension ate registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Wraith the Oblivinn, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf the Wild West, Transylvania Chronicles | Dark Tides
«J Transylvania by Night are rradesacks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All eharacters,

J supemarural elements are fiction and i
finment purposes cnly. Reader discretion is advised

Mtgames.whitewolf and

quernde, Vampire the Dark Ages and Mage the
ipocallypee,

Palit, lie

735 Pagk NoRTH BLYD,

CuanisTon, GA 30021

TRANSYLVANIA CHRC


TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

CuapTER ONE: THE Ties oF History

Cuapter Two: Dark Ties Risinc

Cuaprer Turee: Dark Tipes CRESTING

CuapTer Four: DarK Tides FALLING

CHAPTER Five: CHARACTERS

CHAPTER Six: STORYTELLING THE CHRONICLE OF AGES
Appenpix: THE Roié oF History


-An®> there shall coms to pass Hreloss
ofa holy land the breaking of aholy order

and the dovortlall of ar nighty magus...
Octavio the Voice of Rupata

Gehennais undervoay
VOhat cannot be stopped must be chariged>
Pea.




Svorm the lands of the Gast, the cold
wwoirtds of the cricas soar through the
musty Carpathians. Sac belove, in the
voivodate of CransHloania, the wird
carties @ chillirig, serse of forcbodirig
Within the dark forests, the veryjecw thy
resonates with the taint of evil Bere,
the strong have alvoays oppressed
the vwoeak Contlictand conquest have
become voarys of life



THEME
tnunomaliy can be the eruelet cue of all: Younger Cainites
may chink chat the ceatunes aad ofthem oer unlimited oppor
mcg bit the Leng Night often litte more than an invitacion
plans, hoping 9 change the ied fr the heter, bc the decisions
they make ean plague their chiller for generations. Idea mistakes
Iecome dally legates, an allies become biter enemies. Tine
changes all ching. Behind these enemalineigue, che prophecy of
Gehenna threatens al, slowly advancing ike a dat tide sing
the cus of te. The centuries slowly
change ther, ater he pain of thet alle dre, th remem
brsnee of sheilovt lover andthe heeocftheh vodving world Cites
lecome coups cider betray thet oes, ai he neakes your
aha the centtiex Opportunies for gett wealth
and power offer no end ro cis fering, forthe power to change the
II too ter comes with the per to detroit In thet sea
for geste power, Cainites abandon humanity and Become mon
stzous Time deseroys al things, to.

Moon

fn the shadow of husnan history, che Cainiues enue an epic
tragedy. They believe they hold nlimied power, but all too often
they cause theit own destruction. They fervently belleve tiey control
human history, but actually; they are litte rove than lis victims
Dark Tides Rising i the beginning of a
where resonance and 16%

Ancient Cainites reali

ooiele of ages. 2 s0ga
nabiliey ure powerful forces

Within the treacherous wcietics f the Cainites the playen?
female coverie must prepare to face the tides of tie. By their bidding,
cles rive und fll By their actions, ty determine the course of thelr
tnlives. The bith of the Camanila, che rive of the anarch, the
foxraation ofthe Subbu — all dhe ays I che characters ne thelr
childer survive, dhey may ever play & eole in the bleak destiny of
Gehenna.. for better ve for worse. A Cinite in the Dark Medieval
world must come her acct carefully, for what he does today my
change the world forever

Conse wisely,

How to Use Tis Book
The Transylvania Chronicles fren an epi ga,
tthe he mtegrated inna an exiting campaign oe used

¢ that can
the starting
point for engoing chronicle. The prequel, Transylvania by Night, bs
sourcebook dtaiiny the Dark Medieval lstory of Easter E
Including the faces of the livirgana he uncle. Darke Tides Ris
the story of Trameylvaria between L197 anal 1417, With:
character, histories and events detailed herein, a skilled Storveeller
‘be able to show how the enutences of mortals and Cainites

The crux ofthis book isan alventure fr
ean he played ut over the courte of reveral weeks a seve
Asyoumayexpect
ofthe wdead your enteric supports. Tsimsee packs,
Lond, rebellious Beulah andl abitious Treen
agendas. a the centuries change. Five major fi!
minor factions vie fr control tthe beginning of thtschronicle — the
player' coterie mit chovee which factiens to ape or cypone
We have ala incloded mivice and guidelines ro help you
the efiect Cainites ean have on history. Throughout this chremicle,
the coterie may forge nt eopte in the wilds of Trarsplvana, site a

il have diferene
cn and numberof

Jegncy of chile, creat avast herd of kine on which to fed or dyely
father infhunce chat can threaten the princes ofthe grestet citen
While the story canbe told nab
Varopite cn an pie sale

‘Where yx want to tel sory that encompass» few daysor
‘eight centuries, the Transylvania Chronicles asa whole present «ep
‘background that teaches frotn the Dwrk Medieval ers ti the
Gioebc- Punk wodd The Mie faa
dhe sue ofurovng fom gin tonight, Hany
treateCeneny anime can change even themes ieaisicefhetoes
into the bwwst villa imaginable. Your legacy awaits
Cont

Chapter One presents the background necessary w beg
including many af the highlight of Transylvania by Night

The mide uf the book contains the fin the haptes of the
‘Transylvania Chronicles. Chapter Two, ser in 119%, en the
tw hold buck: the fonces of the night: Chapter Thee, set in 1314
shows the ambition of Gerntrx and the rebth ef the Kiights
Revol and places the coterie tthe midi of «betrayal that wil
‘never be forge

‘The la portion of the book gives
heenicle Chaptow Fi

of time, the says repeesente

Inte petscinalive yt
‘Two through Four. Tea ncludes few Cainites whe cats help you
eespand your cheonicle an unforeseen directions. Chapter Six i (or
and ran amiga that
spares centurtes. Experienced pla
‘owice Storyrellers might feel overwhelmed without a few words of
sage advice. Finally, the Appendix gives advice on racing bie
adventures, in addition 10 providing a timeline and "waapuon
‘Transylvanian history from this ern, The Appendix also Joke at the
inevitable canoe of history a i elaves to toda yaamptes tthe
‘Transylvania Chronicles, to give Storytellers asense ofowCainives
affect and ane affected by ets wel

INsprarional READING
ANG
lent reyourye)
Haag et Tone opal at
Trane Povey ff a quick overview)

Prineletighs K GOK Fah derail
Masel ye

spaveoatly Stephen Pascu (an exce



antes One:

The Tides
History

Ceansfoania Opronictes rraty be 152d
either to introduce a neve coterie, or as a oc
hicle foe ongoing chevacters Gf ther fit the
prearnetecs suggested below) It is of as
suitable for planers voho ave urtearniliae with
Varnpice Che ‘Dox Ages becuse the story
itself is conyser. and the subject matter is
concerned with the weightiest events ir oarr
pire history Viewertheless if the Storyteller is
voilling fo beiel her plarers on some of the
conventions of the gare (diablerie. the proph-
ecies of the Gook of Ved ete) even those neve
foroleplanjing shoukd be able to follove the story
and find enjorrnent in playing through if


The clash between E san ongoing stugle in
Transylvania. Western Hungarian notiliry, the Roman Catholic
Church, Se Seekler overlords ate allied on ome
fide, Eastern Hungurian and Transylvanian sets, Vlacly and Slaw
fesnunt,caunch pay and Eastern Orthodox Chstiansare onthe
‘ther. Of coure, the lines are not always sc easily dawn. lndiv ibaa
Staone ind Saeklers often have conflicting goals ust ax individual
pagan ot Chistians do, The eleset we look at this Blaek-and-abite
cture. the more we notice many shan of gray
Aad this the legend of the Caines. Tremete and Trimisce
anise feudal lors mse defend
dhetnselves fram the sinister armies of neonate packs Eastern Lords
wvolidate power, Transylvanian princes watch as thei domains
rmplate dark prophecies —rhere'snolimse
(betrayal anid treachery hidden In the shadows.
wey fade everything to black, Thao
entuies, the prophecies of Geer
evil nthe lind —often linked

Ananeient
ie Savi gal {or demon) Kupala
cs of Trimisce Metamarphosist
4 worshyp, The order that the Ventrue
on Transylvania degenerates into chacs, The
igangee atthe treatment of che Gypsies, the
Anurch Movement hegins, and rebellious vampires perform the
«on Kupala's Night, dreaming of their victorious crusade

¢ esablihed order
Stand buck. Take adeep breath. I'all ursnow. Welecame ra

the Traewylvania Chronicles

FAN Epic

eremenies and koldun
vainly try to
Ravn stern the i

BACKGROUND
FOR AN Epic GAME

Lets state the obvious: The kta ot ranting a chironiele that
puns eight centuries rather intimidating. Even if you wan ro run

same ome century. t's going to take lor more than the
csasl approach to Vampite. Many ofthe elichés thax Storyteller are
slay wenty of ualng have 29 3

Whe chat sn inn, here's hetlechanee that
they'l sick together for most of u milleniam, If the story develops
night-hye-night, youl no doube fel like sow'ee al' aged a few
centuries before you get the foundation of the chronicle up and
running. And moxtimportanely, if youdon'e pan outthe structure of
the chronicle you want to nan, our epic story mighs fall apart, Your
plavets could get confused, lve interest, and either wind up joining
your roommate's DED campaign or iavesting in reading cand games
matead. in other words, you'd ace a fate worse than death,

Then spin, you're noe the xort of penn ty back down from a
allenge, are you!

ters sunply meet

Thinicone of thove hooks that has Advice, and chete' a remon
tt. No ere to date (who we eo) has nan an ight-cencuy long
smpire chronicle. la ofthe fundamental prdigns ofthe game
otk iferenily when you'te earning an epic saga, which means that
we Storytallers job(s going to bea line diferent.

Ae you tired of having your chamceces vist he sume gah
nightclub ("Lndead, undead, ") to hear generic plot de-
vices every Week? Noes the hei of slowly sinking into the overly

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

cy-harging vari eapecbero shat
snake you yan! If, then you've the oppornuniy to play out an
alternacive —a very diferent version ofthis ge

Les tart at the beginning: The preiwel 10 hit series,
Transylvania by Night, iazoduces most ofthe backyroune to ch
sulventue,H'youte sail tecowetng (ot jusehaven' tread ie), theee's
chance youl fel a ile overwhelmed by the amon of mater
sound for out wry 5 fr

efor the game hes, thre other concen hen
The feseconcem of any huge chronicle, especially one w
tr
pice for the characters, the Store
talking to henelf. Clan affiliation isthe moxt obviows hook fo
character, Fortunately, the fst section of this chapter deverbes
Traneylvania clan by clan. When your payers sa
tuckyuounds for there vampires and wht kinds of characters they'd
like to play, tha fis section will take you threagh tep cn

Nexi.the Storytellers token how the background crater
are lied: The ret of Transylvanian Cate weiry has aso forse
thelr oom polical alltunees Stop po, many vampites are ranged
te powerful and elite factions. The coterie might work foot against
anyone of thaw groups. Leaman who tots and who to avo shapes
theeventsofyourvenion ofthe chronicle Pecidig which piicalon
‘aig ctl pee yu plate

A you nes Ie a

Finally step huee involves planning» way fot everyone to jn
the same pack or coterle, That's eater sid than done. The group
defintely needs "corre concept" — there ha tbe 4 rationale
explaining wh all the characters tust each other and work for the
sae goal. thar' nox developed hefore the story begin i eally
ey (and logeal) for them to eventually Betray cach other when
hinge ge rough especially afte dhe Fist few cecturies.

Now, e's pick up where Transylvania by Night enced, When
ve last elt heroes

Too Macy Damn
BackGROUND?

Memorking the major characters In our passion play
‘may seem alittle overwhele

yourchronicle tap and eur, or

chameter fit in. Ech cling fer hey)

as you see it doesn't requite Oe

Yen veone lee sopping hg

A ihly

help yun
them Ute chet


YY SYNOPSIS

the dl

ve lack and fort
Act. The mart

Dhow
eunest i

sires deman tha

aid one of the peinces of Tranaylvania in » dispute with an

Jy cantempesble Rawr, Locating thelr quarry

the charace : ee' .
major charactere we've on each clan

Cuan Assasore
wth Farig and Hunayn, two wisuoine hidden deep
e.Fariy has inflate heb
i nokility, Hus has
waits eo strtke at thy


ht as
chat plana

Enstem Europe. Neo-

rf support from thek clin

2t Europe. but is mare
reat opperwunity — like

Diiniahican lat
werloed after he fled

plot tickers. Down intend ton

fil position in Buda-Pest.
‘now Herser chan ever

serie from po
withthe Arpad Ventiue ae Est
ied by the s
the Arpad eatabishe pe keer chives ttt
the nobility te

Peteint communes afinned their independence. By 14
rebellions in suthem Transylvania be

CLAN Cappapocian,

is. Attheaatne
wae contin anf feudal

strike 1197, <mly afew

mand gp peti

hea tothe power Sen of Ca
ny, the clan i mean dete
weve. The

fellms he Mallawian prople

‘There's gre dea of knorede
ef theco

les Te

he days cf Ancient Rome. The
iin A

ef Acquis ate by
lu are tw sich repositories

CLAN GANGREL
‘Once Gangral prnces nied much the (ld
sake offanlueiat hordes

nanny by deft
travel ones, they
pe iy he bte-12th cent, Th
cry ot humbly accepe

the Fury
either fight


The strgigle began with Arnulf, «C
shred and roamed freely dutoughout the landsc
has anundying hatred for the rapidly growing cities,

ince he, like many ancient Gangrel, remembers the

expecially
nights wher the realm was subjugated by powerful barbarian
rides, Many of his childer have joined is ix is campagne

Micra the Hunter concemd uboue the goth of thecities,
Gongret hard of Amul nd defend te established domains He
pariculaey nuthles this defense of Klausenbury,

Though mot Animal peee themselves an the indepen
dence, theve are rate wceasions when clan politics can be diced.
Th confies herween Mien and Amal ten arias. Gangl ct
«ra must choose whether they oppo the development ofthe cites
cr conaitr them exenta to sural

Surviving the iat ewo adventure alu depeid a great deal
cof travel tough the lak wiklemess. As yudexpect, iangrel nay
rove hereficll un help their eotensmurvive thee juste

(CLAN MALKAVIAN

‘The most influential Mallerlan fe Octavio, an ancient Catnite
who remembers what unlife was ike long hefore the:
Baads-Fese: The only ructute is
Aquincum. He kaows of other ancient secrets, such asthe power
Kopala, a mythic Slavie god

(Ocravio hat performed coinilessactiices Whetherthishelpel
ochinweced the growing power of Kupala waruncertain, bue Osta
believesthar the so-cilled gad was actually ademon, ManyMallavians
‘how know Octavio as the Magyar god Havnor, a spiritual force

se ane was ee Rosman farses

(cr Hasnon) is teady to expune an ancieat prophecy the eight signe
that foretell the ansing of Kupala
Anatole has siilac enlightenment, buthisderangement makes
male signding the forme of Code ree
‘ence on Earth. He often contemplates God's plans for Caine's
‘luklren. He litle legacy
In addirion ro Octavio's cults, other socteties purwing dark
calightenment — ich J of Kapaa — vacritice
Innocents to receive ther madness. Many of these
Mallavtuns ey upon the monastenesof Benedhictine and Cistercian

(hi halle occu

mus to fart hts

‘acalyst for religions and philesophical change — no sn
dangerous o¢ mackdening that change may seem. Debates over te
‘09 smes amengnewcomen eo the clan are fetce, rnd any coterie

‘can benefit fom a Malkavian's twisted interpretation of prophecy
Fob let "Tbh

ined for one thing: fo be ela
Kuala, Wacky aioey doesn

rae werifices tn hone of the el
any better with the C

Eastern Esope than it dees wth the vampires ofthe Wee

Cuan Nosrerara
The Lepersof Cainite scetery have found pol
even accoptance within the voivedate, Since Transylvania 1 re
‘powered Cainitepoliicsin the
sen able co consolidate power here
wfeearu have great power, anu! Nosferatu neoistes

guined renown ter
onern Eanope- Marasca, his

childe, commands her legions of wolves 10 protect the domain of

Hemmanseadt, Rurxandra, Mansscu's chile, a mistress of seshction

snd digusesheonce wed her powerstsimperate atnlteplace th

Veatiue Nova Arpad (atnl devi

‘charade in place at the onset of the Transylvunia Chronicles)

Gutka,thechilde ofthe infamous arid powerful Pa Yaga, mains

control over activities in nearby Prazue

‘The threarof the Usurpers han reslted in

members of three of the most powerful Traneylvanian clara: the

Gangiel, Nowerans and Trimisce: Evers among neonates it bs nor

‘uncommon tosce the younger members ofthis unholy trinity working

together to oppese the hateful Ventruc nad Tremere

CLAN RavNos

The Rom Gypsi wary oc Transylvania
unuilthe Sthentury. Nonethelew. afew Ruvnuwaceasiulerendert
scours in these lands, Vassily Taltos iat kealist who eliewes that
the Rom can find a new homeland in Eastem Eaope, Within a few
eae, he Hlews from Buda, Pest arxd becomes « wilaable ally of
Teimice. Lzydor Toren, the Prince of Thieves im Bada Pes, de
spies Vawily and everything for which he sans. Over the next few

ies, the Ravn lay the foundarions foe thew stele spain
the masters of Cainire society

ie do noe arrive te Hh

‘Many elder Rayne, such as the elan elders in Coneantinp

ae merge Uy die asc

{ant onganized enough ta have agents. as such, but gating te
a goed way to gain prestige. A few talented Ravi fin opportuitie
lacing i» scours and spies for bor the Teimisce furl lords and the
Catnite princes

levthe wilds of Trarajlvunia, the dark rant ofthe Land ehices
aan distor the local magic: Moral Tremere sil
‘weig)imenthe forests, Ravnosareattracted tothe ee siti enen
Followers of the Read of Paradx adore the thought of drawing up
that force and unleashing magical chaos in ca

rotate vs (or

m Teanyhvan

lathe Lager cttex western Transylvania, such Bubs
competition of thieves i ewe. Thus, move Charlatans take
wilde The number ofRaxnasislowiygremrngthaaghontthe wo
When the Gypiies eventually follow their undeait protectors, they'l
nee all the holp they cam ge. The fucure fe the Ro is bleak

Cuan Toreapor
Any Artin who wishes to entertain te Ades of entering the
courtvof the nobility travel in the wake of Arianne She an expert
ievcourly love, and hisier in the shadow, she plays the pare with
8 vicious and deadly edge. Her asociation with the Seantovich
Je hex even more dangerous.

whisper her name as they speak of her scandal. (In fact, when the
Toreador anni fire gather, she'll he che belle ofthe bull.) Thus she
(setthera dite reputation forth

pal ox esa

CLAN TREMERE
bly. the Treme

lan wovercome in Easter E

fxs (aed teachers) T

bo exceed

have: the mow powerful clan in

bing to know the tame
the top of the pyramid, anal mea of them are Kou
hte. The Usurpers protect these high tanking warlocks in Geor,
their forces in the Carpathians

‘THE TIDES OF HISTORY


The Anmedilivian Tremere sin torpor: Etrias guides the clan in
his tend. Goratrix maintains Ceor' defenses: Malgorzata cares out
her ey seercive plans by scheming wit a faction of enexpirmmes.
Celestymtisthepresigioutitiecfmacerlibearaninthelangestchanery
ef Tremere in the world, while Virtania ithe mitre of gargs.

Being xnmened toCeoe case for great fear Even these who
sreambitinmsencayh to enter of theirnan fee wll mart be excecdinghy
deferential ork reat peri ewer domaies of Tey, small
Charities miinesin elatvses: delenses, for the dingies preecced by
ocuby Temice lank great. The autest avere to survival finding
allies who can ply neightexing lneres agaist cach other,

There a lot more £0 the Tremere than just the police of
Ceonis volated chantres, gatherings of Conppicator Tremere, and
the occasional ene} lecompheabons. The clan i
stroayest in southern Transylvania, and anyone teaveling throxgh
tose realms may be caught in the midse of nightly ski
hretween the tdere'v one more big

ding with the Tremere. (f your coterie encounters
ome Trimisce, they mighe get assistance. ft,
CLAN Tzmisce

TheDevileantake everyone else. Thisithe Lindel the Taimbce.

‘Tharia vay, thae'showthe Trimiceseett Clan Toimivce cares
thing forthe doraaira of other Trancylvonian Cainites. Instead,
they control kneates anu dina: throughout Transylvania. Kae ate
te equivalent of princes; eofeades of this era concol mach larger

i Assuch, aunts Fenads can tind potential alles orrivals)

wet anywhere wn the voivodate

Taumice politics can form a whole series of states, integrating
s oumber of supporting characters. Viadimir Rustoviteh,soivade of

ode Hail ch poltucal cancema

orpers weal Fiend: Ax a
trouble

oftheclan, Radu of Bistria maintains domain vile gochene of the
other Caintte princes and is skilled at diplomacy with both Weseern
Cainites and Eastern Feudal Tsimusce. Marelle is the rval of che
humane Nosferauu Macusca. Sle strugles agaiewe that partie
Leper for control if the Domain of Hermanstade.

‘The most pomerfol Transylvanian Fiend by far, however, fs
Yorak, one ofthe childer of the Taimisce Antediluvian, His exten:
sive labyrinth, the Cathedral of Flesh, harkors innwmerable and
erepeakable acvitoes. The very aly aie lined with vivieecied
sactifices kept in states of unbearable torment

In adkition to the division among the members of this clan,
the feudal lords and Metamorphosist mystics have decidedly
difierent goals. One faerion aware ta protect the li
supporters seruggle agatnat each other. The other maintains ans

jent knowledge about the occult fore of the land. Both are
becoming increasingly enerupt, bur both mast adapt — dhe power
of the necmates grows nightly

CaN VeNTRUE

There's no shortage of Transylvanian Ca
\Ventnie- Ang Patticians who travel here will hve opportunities to
prove themaelvesratheir clan. Ax they mam farther frm Bada-Pest
and the domains of the Eastern Lous, however, they'll have 2 fight
harder to bold the discontented locals ax bay.

With that ia rine, any up-and-coming Ventrac must quickly
lear the rumes of the most powerful Venerue in Hungary. Bales
‘Arpad, aonce-proud Mayyar warrior. has fallen ntodegeneracy, and
willsoon succuinh wo verpur after encouraging the growth of hath the
‘nottal and Cainite Arpad families. Geta Arpad, a demented deealt-
'st rules from Exstengom and exploim the church. Vencel Rikard ix
che price of Bada-Pest ana Bulsew's swore proce

tes whos hate the

Auten ecb

Soller woul be
popatope
tyr the

gh cer edancing tls
Paitin como en

ns eae int
bese served by runt
red here: This
players and allows
Jecs the Storyteller
that occu in Easter
ct, ut ay

sb part of
reliex on balanci

‘The three story chapters work even bette whien youbuil
smaller adventures around then: Yourmight call them subplots
orclan-onented plots— you'll notice jus from the summaries

Bie Prot... Livrie PLor.

that there's» lat of ideas for therm. There's reason for that
While you might have un epic scope for this chionicle,
elrowing in an one-shot adventure once in a while gives the
‘pame some balance

Fornetance, 35

hare age NR Toreador
ere) hj lc

tay senmeeericicnton ies
arcane yoa kee the pe ea Bythe

r throwiny in a Liele Ploconce ina while not

akan chocelle a rove inten bt bcea ply
the diversity of the characters in your cotene, That
ceveiyone save involved.


Nova Arpad war once the ruler of dhe Cini of Antics, he
ie of Transylvankin princes, Because she was the vice of the
od Vent
scted and replaced by a

peincet

In enstern Hungary (that, Transyly wis

owy conspirator, offering the local
o.com againur the Faster Lord Ventre and the
Hungarian Agpads

Many leagues away, far mute powertul Verurue ex
the midst of the Hol

Verden
snctect P turn, many of the Ventnie Eastern Lord who

wavel into Tr iv arel Bulgirta act as his servants, The true

stent of his reachery femains to be seen,

gun R PourTicaL AND CULTURAL
FORCES.

histones than the hist

‘of anything eli

Tur Macyars AND Arpans

In A.D, 448, Magy tribesmen from te Fase subjugated he
led the 10 tribes of the Magyars the
Anpads, Later, they foried the basis of the Hurgaian mbalty. As
allowed thems
svenlt Western Europe with lightrine-fare raids, Eventually, the
Holy Roman Expire fough tem 1 a stands and
political arena

hurled

(Carpathian Basia. One fanily
they yuined strength, th

i the

f western and exter, Hungary has Broome tele

Awan Vewtrae

Bal ihuuled leader ote Arp' caval
ind Embraced by a powerful Methuselah of the Holy
Tn fac, thie hid i the Ancient
of Clan Bawah was irvine to deste, By hie bil

lished a > cou

 esablihed thei
rom the Hungarian nobly. The Lux mortal meraberof the line
hhistelgn in 1301, bu

ser thesr anf

XONS

Indt4),them Hof Hungaryencon
ne Holy Roma Enupte to sete in dhe was

Tranayleamumnthavedhne mich todevelopth

yal havea pation euttara kg

Tre Viacus
Many Romanians ofthe 12h through 14th
us ts be thes Some even tell tales of when
4 Dacia and the Roman:
from the barbs

the land wa
at (ule the system in che 12th
oa the vthet hand, reluse
the peasants thane uncient rims, Ey

: century!) The

tthe Vachs the se th

the Saxons and Szcklers
THE TIDES OF HISTORY


‘The Viachc havea hard life, especially since they don't have!
ty. They do, howev
e. The "wine old men cf cei vil

hicuibe, the Salers fought inthe vargamd ofthe

Late, they became overweers tthe fea sytem

van L Whaleritallofthemsane crel and mcaring, hey

dobetieve chat the vytem of exxitionmsivainy stall, They are
defense ofthe leer chases

Basaran ReveNANTS

The Basarah family can trace Us lineage back to the days of
ancient Dacia, This noble line later provided outs Tons for
loth the moral nobility and the ranks of the Tsimisce. Lang before

oming of Attila, Baxarab reverts ote oaths to the Flends of

domains, By breeding cautiously with the most procusing

. ne has kepe (ts blood smrong. As ferce warriors
churumatic leaders, and cunning diplomars, the seductive and pew
erful Baaarab revenante moke for surhless en

One of the char haptes, Sherasina
Basarab, wthemortalsisterof the Tsimisce leoder Dragomie Basarab,
who ts concesting for tettitory near Alb lulio,

‘other retin are Joyol revenanestrapp
fhe Nasa logs:

Danistav RevVENANTS

In the eave of the Danislavs, Lupine history became a pur of
Teimisee history. Once, the Danislays maintained » Uva
hve Lupine erthes. For four generations, childeen of these Shadow
Lona Kinfoll controled the Sept of the Nighe Sky in Wallachia. They

litle suspected that other meabersof thei fully live
ent Trareylvania wichin the domain of Count Flores. Over aseres
of generations, theeennt bred eapeive Datla, crting the line of
Danial reverts

Factions AND ALLIANCES

When the chronicle begins. five major faction
power in Transylvania, One of these five factions tectuits the char
acter at the beginning of Act L. Keep these groups in mind when
sssecubling the eter fr this chronicle Lace, yu have plenty
oppomnuities to develop mare elaborite stories based arvund the
remaining factions. Mare importantly, your chiractars shoul ever
rwallyhavechancesto play the fictions gainer each other
re for their own goals,
AAs the chronicle advances, whichever factions de
loc connec wil be tren encore eo Fok afer tere meres 1
on. Suelt groups may unteract wie the charac
the nory. Storytellers are encouraged to flesh out these
_0ups and ise chem to keep characters on thet toes of as convenient
excuses for how secrets were unmasked, They could be
forthe characters with rivalries spanning centuries

Tzimisce Voivopss

The Fiend fight «losing bare trying to hokd ont their
tualitona rentony andauehority nthe region Vey arcbetet bythe
Trath


Poise Recruits; The Tomiie would mip exh Tice
ae Rava
wy sro Tusls jet. Cappactocian erst

Unity: Trimise uniey i race, bue posible By the 14th century,
ever elder Flonds may nec to ally themselves against neonate
pucks, bue the idea is hardly worth consid
‘century. few smal packs of Fiend prow! the vorvo

Exploiting the Voivodes:
Taumice feveal hard wi
advance his cris
other Carte princes aren't ween as x threat, bur anything ha
weaker such vals is weloome,Lafortiation onthe arrogant Verte
(or even bette, the Tremete) ful

Typleal Members: Viadimie Rusewitch, Count Rad of Bisa
CONSPIRATOR TREMEI

The Tremere Conspieators: Sti
imeetal membets of Howse Tremere int
der nttack fom the Teisabico and t The Tremere hope
Jominare the area anid hold ot thet erctles, while explovtny the
ssenca of the region,
le Recruits: Tremere wuld almost cetatnly prefer that
Tremere (at leat) be among thore they send out forthe firs
in. Neninic, Toreador, 8 Devjoh, Copy
mbra and even Rarrnos (albeit uke clive Tremere sche)
seceptable tothe Usurpes Clac. Setites and Assatites might have!
‘ear ctha (reagically xe
Bra and Ventnae rarely get alon hte
fort him pot tn have a very good story behin. nation of the
(oup. Gangrel and Nosferary might be

ppyrantd of poner withia th
ni tequites cautions pole

co prove themmelvey and advance. Sone are even willing
piracy arsine ofchewown clan farther thew
engages i a mote elaborate con:

er faction believe in surning xmnacy prising mortals
pombe. Moreover, the leer members of het personal pyramid

shy away ftom abusing theie power over mortals. They repeat

flung villages for fresh blow' and encourage the
conuruction of hidden chants inthe wilderness,


way to exploit a few Unurpen
the Conspirators 0¢ not, such

nites for the sake of suevival I chia

a seatby wo be i Such

Took supiciou, though, and efauch conspiracies threae

les. The ven

thought of teaching the art of Thaumanurgy 0

Typical Members: Malgorrata, Grae,

Eastern Lorps

They seek
ower of cand then Tremere in

46

Possible Recruits: Th t nl
Ventrue, Malkuvian, N Lasombra,
ppadoctins, Ra

7" fac 1000 break the

oreador
hey ate very tare),
asibly ever

om (il there are any

gue ot upstart Tremete an angeel. Some

Gungeel und Nosferatu may resent the Tremete since the
their clan members ax fodder to make

Gargoyles. Of course, It ts possible thae those from Weatem
Europe are unaware that
Alth wnlikely, a Broj

ng. she te under thi

Tremere ate dotng sa
ight be neceptable to

ict guidance of a
eattue. tevjah wou

probably refuse towork ot Ventrue,

ly nursing hatred toward the Patriclans aver the

{and Tsim
Unity: Setled along the borders of E
‘Baste Lona aly
have strong foodsolds in most of Westem Europ
fared a well in most Eastern locale
Exploiting the Eastern Lorde: A. » expand

xem Europe, Venera
specially Transylvar
Lord. te addition, any information on weaknesses amng the
nsylvanian pri he Teimise valuable,
Matgioally, the Vengrue
clully Unutpers with powerful
Carpathians. Despite
idea, believing
of Savlot.T
against the Teemere
Typical Members: ols
Veneel Rikasd, Nova Axpad

Tue Princes OF TRANSYLVANIA
These varied C ly sek to expand thei do
in Transylvania, partial
region. Though they no
and Germanie forees of
the Teimivce (and the Tre
concerned with expandin
inter-elan squabbles
ons t0 this, however)

= willy

from ‘Tranyylvania by Night),

an, Boh

snetimes cooperate with

hehe Hu
re). For the most part. the

4 improving thet verritory than wih

nd political boundaries (there are same ex


Pomsible Recruits: Any Cainite could findemployment with

the princes. Assimites und Setites would huve to sveat an oath of

ryan wish 1o keep their presence circum

ay one of the princes i a Tsim. Further, th

prince (Radu) iy well Joved by both the

[einces. He isthe patron who decides whether to use the chatne
ters or non their initial task Lies at the edges of his territory.

particular
misc aod his fellow

Unitys The princes recognized by the West are fairly unified
atthe end wf the sh century, and they like dhe iden of etrenen
ening their unity and tncteasing control over their domains.

infortynaely, there are only a few lee

Exploiting the Transylvanian Princes: laformnation on dan
getous Trimisee vampires is seful, bur all ofthe princes already

existing (ind fairly trustworthy) methods of wainitng such
nieve, Despite this, the princes of the four remaining domains
have the expical weakness. of letcing thelr personal exineeris
dominate their political life. Any corerie thar can diplomatically
propave-a polurion uy one of ehese concems greatly tacreases ite
ances of finding» powerful ally

"Typical Memberst Mitry, Marca, Count Radu of Bstria
VISIONARY INDEPENDENTS

‘Octavio (in his quite as Havnot, Magyar pod of thunder anit
lightning? knows that terrible eventsare in motion in Tran
uuned by his enforced bonding with the Slavic demon Kupal

Octavio foresees eight signs of impending doom. He lio
Visions of some of the things that might be

dige fate awaiting the world. These visions are sot 10 clear
Though Octavio doesn't realize i, some of the signs mill nov occur
forcenturies. He therefore acts as if they are about to eceur at any

Possible Cainite Alliest Octavio will ne a¢ patron far any
Gainites he ean get to Hater, to him, regardless of their clan
affiliation (or lack thereof). In aceepting even the elanless, he te
very much hele bi

hone with equally advanced outloaks¢o

and provides the only appactunity for

corporate both Tresmere
and Trimisce characters, or foster cooperation between Ventrue
and Beujah (or equally unlikely mixes)

If charncters ean be persuaded to put anide differences to
wert Gehenna (which Octavio believes 4s imminent), the
Storyteller should feel free co allow weird match-ups as pare of
the coterie. Such a strange group will probably tun inco greater
hficuties (and may even have to pay for ie tolerance wath ite
embers' ualives) f thelr affilations are unmaked at the
‘wrong tine

Another possibility for independent employment is
through Vencel Rikard, the Prince of Bude-Pest. He desires

feeslsiths Teansylvnaion togionand's
‘characters to help hits attain iethrough any influence they can
build in the prea

Unity: Octavio isn't "unafi
thae will keep members of chis faction together isthe threat of
Kupala (which isclearecto them than any other group) and the
combined oppsition af the fox ather factions.

Exploiting the Independents: Deceiving visloauties s dif
‘ult, say the least If coterie helps them prove or prevent the
‘most dangerous visions, the Independents might be grateful, but
‘faction led by Malkavians ts bound to be unpredicrable ae best,

Typical Members: Octavio, Anatole, Lu

OTHER TYPES OF FACTIONS

Ansurrectionists: Anything thar tears down the estah
lander 1s peoyress. This might he for the cause of repli
tyrants with new ones or. as is the cave afew centuries later, for the
idea} of creating » communal society of the undead Beulah often
speak freely. of the injustice exucted a
exploitation of the Veni

By 1450, the,
Gygeics that they gladly =p ~
powerful princes im the teyon. Thi faction, at
imareand more powerful asthe nightsu the Anarch Re

ast Dominic ot the

Typical Members: neonate Brujaly, wanideriny Rovnon
Vassily Taltos, Dragomit Dasara
‘The Brotherhood of Kupalat The ancient Slavis

corruption iva legend to some,..and a rerriying reality to other
Tales tell of a black heart trapped heneath the earth and the
lumbering san! of powerful demon. Many loremaste!
‘ofthe splnsts of coruption who serve Kubila: ibhering
entities co c kupala," Torruee, sacnfice and

le creatures to the physical
‘world, and as their power grams, they sptead madness andalieave
An anelent onder of Malkaviens, the Brorhethood of Kupala,

sadly exacts this price in thelr quest for surmounting madness

A Finan Nore on Patrons

dhe Storyteller chocmes will have a greut
ry unfolds. That choice dete

scene is presented and the options that are open

veane eaves, the © may change depending. on which

the chan nally supporting) Crher ef
friends rather
thar foes, foes who would normally try todestruy the churackers but
who currenily have grearer enemies fights The chat

‘even have friends who later find a reason ro betray them,

lane
Storyteller decider which

nation of puttons might be
jpossihle). Thar way, the Storyteller ean be mote certain thar she
is running a chronicle ler

vers will enjoy. While i can be
od nto helping the enemy, that
athe sory. The Storyteller
should ery o figure out which side the players chan
likely co support and choote chetr patron accordingly
Each andevery permutition canisoe he covered in detail and the
Storyteller should customize some encounters haved on the Stiny
teller characters' personalities and goals as well as on how the
chatacters behave toward thetn It in
forsupposed enemiestu reach us accormmedation. rexanple, Ras
‘wll ke unhappy # anyone ele sen the charac torsto einrw ana ld
astraopic mountain pas nica (actually on the edge of) his teritory
Rather than attacking the characters outright, however, he might ty
onvert them tohiscane Failing that, he could send alhed emp
he might sme spread

il ve pay then se back
the voiadesfosmnat the mouth. The Storyeller should eake opport
nities suchas thisto have hidden enemies atrack from the buck, ak
icabove (Figurative and literally) rather than launching frootal
assault. There are veveral upgestions woven: unto the itodes, bur
‘Searyellers should not feel constrained to line themmelves only 10
‘hose in pine Myriad opportunities orsubilemanipulationsaboutal

THE TIDES OF HISTORY

tbe pomible, however, even

a Tremere chantry s being


FORMING THE COTERIE
CONCEPT

Scrongiy allied coteried can exist in Transylvania for cermuness
weak ones ure tuen apart quickly. Once you have i clear tea for
the player coxerke will work, developing the concept kebind
much eavler. Befine you begin the adventure,
make sure rach person m the tnupe i cheae or his or her character's
ith inthe urouo. There are several techniques you ean
binning of your story cw help build this "coterie concept
yeave the histories and fates of the
characters topether duting the prelude, i they've worked together
before, their chances uf vurvival increase, There tm
miotivarois, f course: Their sites might be wa
shure common enemy, or they tay share a common go
Auvation witht

Oe direer method is

You may
her deviees. Pat
oracter sheets:
auncter a meanber of the coerte?™ Then in fot of
suk them toclahorate aspartoftheie prelude. k'eblunt,
andl some people need it
We have found (especially m the playcest of this adventure)
layers who take che tie to build on overall rationale for thetr
characters ole in the coterie have a hetter chance of staying in he
Hf yore planning on having "everyone meet at am inn," the
up wil probably thin afew weeks. I the undead
apeaie ofthe evardin Bada-Pese says that "you and yourand youhave
‘how volunteered to enact the will of the prince." then the coterie
really docwn's have much of a nitions for staying mun, (In fer
J who falls for tae ol saw cleserves tobe backstabbed by his
former companions quickly andl violently within «few weeks.)
The Storyreer can alse tetnforee the vnity of the coterie by
ircumstance: In the firstadvencute all of he characters learn of the
ce ity Tthucs Pass, e's 0 goal chat all of the
harscters have in common, aru once they've all worked ta ichleve
te thoy! pachably trast wach och a lee more. In an epic
strous,cltabcrunching, time-defying cheomicle, trust heeween the
members of the coterie is esental

ar self apart

need to erect fon

Semetimes, the Stoeyteller should recognize that she's too
lever fot her nen avxxl. You've pecbubly run an
every character kept a secret from everyeoe

ae wher
en've no doubt

"We Neep a Tuer."

Le es call nto thoi of pgwonoling characters
certain oles dhiting glteation of «cere, To dat
end. we pone tis se Dui The Fenvan

cao ub ic
by whch the

mined wif Encvubge playen 10

ane integer fist 8 fictional
pdeast SOT eat ead Yi, unde
slong time to Be stock with w rotten character.

hme through asenario where one character secretly seeming to
desroy the rex of the group. You may eves have used the inous
technique of pasing secret nots to encourgemistrnt.

This sor hac type of chronicle. [cant be. Ie might be a few
cures later after the charateas have all works together for fou
co five sores (ard yout eal doit atest he lal berwee ther),
thc the Transylvania Chronicles sbeusn' he an exercise ia ta
coterie paranoia, Don't induce mistrnt until the foondation of the
sheontel has heen ai in conctete ae at eat be hfe nen
your penonal Towerof Babe have heen constructed. Okerwise hs
eighcceneury monsesicy wil topple and fall.

OTHER BACKGROUND
CONCERNS

‘When running
ctvinge in mind:

LANGUAGES AND LANGUAGE GROUPS,

‘Ax you can jee fom che descriptions inthis chapeet thet isa
rather broad range of Loguiges in Transylvania. Serf speaking
Vlach, peasants speaking Slav, Magyat-speakiog Hurst
German speaking Saxonscan ofr many coroplications wachronicle
Ifthe characters cannot converse freely with ther,

Some Storytellers may choose wo downplay this aspect of the
sgime. Afterall,thenumberofCaintesan ghouls inthe story enwutes
‘hacifafew characters can't hearwhara focal [ransvanian is saying,
someone can translate fox everyone else, Storytellers who prefer #
lark fanasy eel to the game may prefer this "Hollywood" approach
1 fieeign languages. Players who stress realism, however, may find
that this idea stretcher ecedulity. Thus, « few opeiinil
hielpeepresent the ole oflanguagesin the campaign. Customs tens
you see fi

chronicle, the Sumyteller should keep afew

Each doc it Linguistics represents one language a character
he Dek Madiooal
st), and » characteris conus to be nbsolutely luent
inhisnative tongue (which mdeelared during character creathon). Av
such, the Storyteller shoul make sure that everyone ta the coterie
thay a method of speakiny flgently with everyone ele (ln:
playtest, for example, the members of the coterie only shared one
Laeguage in comnon: Arabic. This wus supeions to the sry the least
that gave the coterie a big edge over oth tes)

The Storyteller muy instead assume that a character fluent an
Europe langunge may be somewhat familiar with other tongues in
‘that language group. For the purposes thischeonicle, there arefive
‘sin groups of Eastern European languages (We ap
scoss simplification, but s much canes than making each langage
x sepamta Knansdye spesialiniton-) The langungi ae
* Slavonies Actually a collection of dialects, Slavonic is well on is
way toward becoming the vernacular of Ex
Slavonic-is spoken in the regions of Bohemia and Poland East
Slavonic spoken in the wasces of Kievan Rus. South Slavoose i
spoken in Bulgariaand Macedonia. A Shavonic-apeuking character
rrurtselect specific dialeet with which nhe 1s familiag, thoxgh each

nay be understood by anyone familta with any ofthe other
Intelligence + ea roll ara difficulty

‘of 0. This incer-ialect translation is considered automatic the
acter in question hasan Intelligence + Linguistica Dice Pool of

for cw



PRE EIS,

CARPATHT

i ly,
ee fst

NM TNS

the face thay Tremere ancl
ngly cooperate with on

Nat

athe story begin
able tosuggest reasons why their

rerogether despite clan hostilities (inclad

clan they acnually represent from the other players!

9). The S sould jalge such anoles om a case

involve them (Le the

Tes Tuar Binp

sires may be of sone impor later
ry. Characters whose sirerare deceased maysnllhave mentors
nds whine goo will they should wane to retain

inthe
ett who hail from Transylvanian areas might be the
ek

vowed

uh have been sired by Vencel Rikard
Toren, Rojand or even Octavio. Not all the characters
nei have res whoohave keen derailed in Transylvania By Night
oor Dark Tides Rising

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

hulder

ices (Mitru, Marusca, Nova or

rom Hungary

Forsippen Frarr
Certain Menitsavailabletoplayercharacterscan be damaging to
the flow ofthe soe line. lon Wil

know the details of
quick
he prot of cities

read Transylvania by Night,
this next wetion.IFyouhaven', hen here'
on the eties in this regan. Sulfice i
ny Dark Medieval Tranyivania ix somewhat
expansion of Hungaeian cities ia our wold. This cas
to the lnluence of Calnits Langer cikes mean larger herd
tide, greater wealth and wo on.

ge Teaneyvanta may fave no tore than
200 people. A dit road, astone church, anda numberof una
wooden buildiigs suffice. After the year 1400, the hon
Vlachs, Slavs and other oppretsed peoples.
tural tralts Thelt windows do not face the mat
of course, have the 1 muatious houses

gre rapid than the

Lager cities; uch a cho even major cities, typically have «
popolation ranging ftom 3,000 to 6,000, After about 130, 0
common practice isto keep the town hall inthe center of town. The
locals then build sereet: radiating from that central point (like
spokesina wheel) and connect those streets with cance:
r streets. Saxons are stereotypically known f

ind


work and theftiness, und thete houses ate easily diseinguished,
Peasanty are farther removed) and after abou 1400, they aren't
svelcome in many ofthe largest cities

As anotber of the cultural diversity {and its malefie
influence) in Tea jot cities are known by
different names among the members of different ethnic groups

Udi Reming sae
Ke
Sp

THE TIDES OF HISTORY



hapter Co:

Hak Tibes
ising

Blessed is he that veadeth arid ther
that hear the voords of this prophecy,
andkeep those thirigs vohich ace vorit-
ten theceirs foe the firne is at harid

- Revelations tS


3 THE
MAKING OF PRINCES

Story BACKGROUND

The Booicof Nod enerimestheught ofthe vampiric Bible ells
the seory of Chine and his childer Te contains propbecies of at
upvecalytic fieute known as Gehenna in which the Ancedihuvisns
awake fro theirlong slumber t
rule over cread ana
righ tobe the vis ofS

araurne the bvcal

first tec
duke

da and apparently willing menfice to the
the Book of Nad i not the only ancient
ts verwons agree on the signs tovetelling the
conning of Cielo

sindodig

Preventor accel ceurence uf ome ofthe shame A few even
whisper that dhe wtions taker hy thowe few who are destined to stan
at the ena may twist what (69 come, nor preventing it but

mthat the sgruof Gehenna change with the
human and supernatural incerference may

pomeriul

upon the Tatenisce even whale mocal,

»artneted tn Transylvaraa by the powerful gical
ring Trimisce vonode,

Fiend thers
ompite tonstrosities made

Gonerel

by other problems

and under their do
lanulies n he path of iavaders from both the Ext undthe South inet
in reaching Weaterm Europe. While song defenders ane need to

the region apart,

His induence has

remove ot lessen his influence oe tye Land. To that
cr, cove in the know want ro perform a great binding spell
thrown ine this volatile backyvexind. They
rdsftheysmeceed in wildiny a foerress—and
(ail. While they may beliew
1 bud tefdoms for thernselves, they have become
co they ae now key players) in the events that Lie at
‘Calnite history and that lead to Geherina.

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

SIGNs AND PorTE?

Prophecy is un anenacP AP opaggly under
te one pan canta pee oes
‘be symbolic rather tig terat itd inte
veda. Even whop th
entsleadiny untnigiel
prntedad hy
Gehienos rue amid rhe
Nodiptalstibekenet

they may be

cx whichane
Sc aren thet pice
ah ie Tm ah ok of

7 gS isbughicns

{Usd ng ps before
‘Gehenna. The fest sim, novsx mete) mong the prope:
ies hasalready heen fille The find cimssowatnGeenna
|| texan wih the dablri of Sal

Act i: THe
SUMMONING
(Sprine, 1198)

Whi

acted yo

allerer

The letters al intros these servants, who ate tn nc

chanicters, Their siret make it abundantly clear thae they expect
onapllanee from thee chiller, The letters ae rirten on parchment

Lorsymnbol. Theres
the letters te yeouine ‘Th


‘An invitatin accompanies rhe letter. It ita git-ediged parch:
‘mentale into scroll farm-and hound with red ribhons appended 10
the document with red sealing wax. The design ofa partial crest is
presied into the wax (Feel free todescribe «design appropriate ra the
patton — perhaps a spread-winged eagle forthe Easter Lands ar 8
nif rasied against an open tome for the Tremere).

ea a pu Tfel 4
‘Sogaare te el hilter of

Ure aa jon ingee wth
tle aan near ce thre at
"Ojeretof ube i9E ce ie ‘ia
fof chia year ac che :
"i tT bert) ike to pu before ye pets
re chamaylembeverest ies eee hee i
APD dor alice nan TE 9S ot
Te pane att me on ee bate specie "
é

| Tattdpe to Become, +
{our Papren, © bet

ae We 7 al
arene

Shoulda chamcterchwoowe to disobey dhesurmans, hes visited
by veveral acquaintances of his sire, who ty to persuade him co
comply if that fails, tll the player to create a new character —aoe
who will cooperte. Pethaps his old character (having severely
Aisplesel hissire} can went the chronvcle staked win torpor.
Note that fone ofthe characters Vencel Riri' chile and
AVencel sro be their pation (fe churnctersare to work forthe
ikependen faction), chat character reeives no invitation, and is
‘mug che followin 4

(Chareters who eonply ae ken
vragoa where they ate kept sae from the sun ding the day. Each
espn pulls ino the shade of «copseof tres and awaits sundown.

» Buda-Pest nun etx loned

‘When rks falls wd the characters awaken, che servanisexplain
hur they me just outside the gatexof Pet. Ie the night of Apall 15.
seh characters intmducesito the other characters hisservant, who
Anows the other servants und who they were sent eo fetch. The
Servants abo explain chat wagons entering Pest ate searched yo that
this contents cin be ussesed for enxation, as tf sumed thar all
‘ood will be sold tm Pests or Bada's marker. They could not
therefore; ik raking the characters nace while they were sleeping.

They mu walk theough Pest cross the river and
the Castle District of Buta and rothe market sur
already reside un Buda-Pest do not arive vi ways
others once che newcomers reach the market su
Allow the playersa few minutes to describe thet
cone another and conspire tiefly before beginning

Scene I; Arrrvat

{eas earty spring, 119, juse past the seventh hie of the night.
Boda Pest itself is coming alive again after the quiet of winter.
Daring traders atsive from the East and West, having braved lare
winter storms and treacherous emossings thiough newly cleared
fountain pasion After 4 tiring and uncomforable journey. the
charactenn arive outside de ouic gute of Pest. Cloud caver the ky
and the yround underfoot is soggy with chilly rain. The wallsof Pest
tise before the characters. The smells of livestock, lime and smoke
thang in the a

"The town juards are heginning to close the gates for the night
‘Ope guard mocisns with his intern and say "If you wish to enter the
ty tonighé, you had best hurry. The yates sre closing." Should the
chamcters not hurry inside, be shrugs closes anu locks the gate.
Characterswillthershave tip place where they canscale the wall
tungeen or walk around the entirety of Pest until they reach the ver
‘Thore, they can take the ferry

‘Thove who enter the pares pass though the cattle market. where
young b mck Af ey are
‘careful. enterprising characters ean fee from sme ofthe catle, aes
‘ocgoats dhatarefourdhere- Therma eoadtheough Pet leads westward
through the city into the central market and then to the ver.

Tue Stave

Just before passing through the central market, the characters
hear the sound of « small crowd aherd. ln the center of the market,
aaslave nuction (in progress, The chamncter
sanding top a plaform. He holds cham linkes! toa collar irracted
tw a roughly clad, miserable looking captive, who ts forced to kneel
before him, handsbound behind her back. A ine of other eapesves is
chained to a large stake driven into the ground nearby, Two men
stand gusnd over them. Several people stan! before the par
few call ouc bids. Torches iluiniate the stage, but leave most of the
crowd and natty seers in +

Some members of the crowd appear co be litle mone than
bbrigandh, heanded, heavily armed men drawn from the nearby
taverns to watch the entertainment. A few look ax though they
might be merchants in seatch of slives to help in the workplace
‘One man stands out from the Obvieusly a

‘evidenced by his fine clothes und jewelry, he seem bored by the
unre wlfcrige ye. cleanly oyieated. Pesta Iie fe wun Aon

suuething better to be offered
Shouldiicharoctet se the Auspes power of Sought (diiculty
8), she can tell thst the man's aura is pale. Mote succeme alow her
(in succession) to ascertain that he is somewhat hued, lnpatieny,
wurieasy and slightly angry. Th
provides Babu (sce Transylvania By Night) with
"plaything" Sent forth ta find his master "something new and
interesting." Roland attends the evening alave marker i hopes of
finding slave Bulscu might consider worthy nfhisatteneion: Roland
Iknons he mutt return with something, but is worried that sone of
those offered forsale will be good enough wo pleate his master

DARK TIDES RISING

she their way to
Characters who
tut join the

ow ableaan, 06




Shouk! the characters choose to remain, Octavio proclaims
them "agents of evil and looses the mob on them. The characters
hyve ove nurn to flee. The mob does tu fellow if they believe they
have driven the characters off Ifthe character do
thac they ate surrounded anal thae each warn they reeminin the area
‘ne fol gets through to damage a single character, chowen ran
doely. (The mob iat well versed in battle tactics, but dhey
esthunastc.) To offer the damage, charactersmast micceed ina soak
tite cant

wt fee, assure

J wunas. Torches cause

‘havieldng mortal crowd arourd

he characters the Storyteller might wana whave dhe characterstoll
tscheck (dificult 6)

Though they outnumber the character, the mal is mothing 96

much as peasant rabble. A few pudiclnsly applied Disciplines oF

1 violence dispels whe crows, which flees anid a
scarering of depped tarches

Alrrer tHE Mop

The characters

Pripenaties

ry continue on tothe Castle District where
-yare allowed throu che wave with wo trouble so longa atleast

of them i dressed well enough to be ether a ach eerchant of
8 allowed in without question a
well. Should all the chanaetery be dressed ia workingian's of

hey will have to brthe or Dominate the gaara to tet

then in, Once in the Castle District they find the marker saute

on the main
1 Roluna bac followed them tn rhe square

teal mecting place), theit sires (parancitd as they at, dey survey
‘every new arnval and spot Ro ily} are very snoyed
thatthe chatactes tailed to gate him, They have taken geet pai
to keep theie find have na wish for ebeis
mm tobe dicovered by qutsders. The meeting begins
‘ona sour nite asthetrsites apologize to their wruld-be pagron, asking
Iker aoa give team a tiene

and thence ro the

ScENE Il: Tue Parron's
REQUEST

srry Lantern ape
Had (servane i one oth

en foam a neath allevwav. This
haracters' ies), who faa been tld to
Those why reside in Bacta-Pest may join the other
ches point. (fe we maaumed that they have ako just
strived.) Hadel bows to the character, ays ie i co escort them wo
meet their sire, ad leads them ine the alleyway: Cautions charac?
ver: may suspect an ambush, bor Hadel merely scape ara daot, opens
ding it de forthe character to follow

‘Once inside, le locks the door, een leds the coterie dwn
oldanad crunbling in places
power Wiens

cten who dy pot have the Potean
Darkness or the Heightened Senses offered by
Awspex arc hand-pressed tosce where they are goings
TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

the only torch. A the boetom, he leas them through « mase of
‘unnels (characters mut have the Eidetic Memory Merit to even

Thetunneleseem tighterandsmaller
the farther they travel. The weeh flickers uncertainly a though it'
about co po out ot any moment. Finally, ariving at another door,
‘adel knocks vice, then oper it evealings small room filled with
fpople and veands back to allow the characters to enter. Once they

lack of kiowledge of the tutes
‘The voom containy a few heavy, dak chaits. A stone ex

{qu cccupies one corner. Three torches illuminate the zoom, ane the
alight plays on the pallid Gacem ‘af the rein' occupatis. The
character stot are all present, seated in the few ies If the slave
aiel swith che characters, one of the Cainites in the room «ses
Dominate to pat her wo deep. One of thesizesacks why che characters
hemnht 1 pevders to bring a nota with thet

THe PaTron

The gentleman who i to become d
following, sepethngon whicl factkontbe Storyteller wabesthem ta
ally with initeally:

Taine faction: Mireca Dinkescu Ltd Prteczorof Dears
(Castle. Tall and commanding, with cropped gray hair and deep-
brown eyes under heavy brows, Law! Mircea accion to
unguestioning comune i hi underlines, Absolutely with,
or remorse, Mites likes to appear jovial — unl feb come ot
ehwarted. Tonight, heist hs mont charming, The characte ses
all owe him favors. He has decided to collect on all of thern hy huavir
thet childer build a stranghold for him. The keep in Tituta Puss will
alow hurts contro one-of the most important gateeays or the

lenge nto terteory held by Rad (a fierce
emf completed, he p
ofthe characters to act ax his eneschal there (whenever he sn
Tremere faction: Jervai, Vis Mater of Cea. Th chide of
"Malgorzata, Jervais ts thoroughly loyul eo bis sire and her vipITator
of tedium height with «fringe of brown fai,» nent
rere Fie nl agp lok ig brown eves, Deiple
tis appareoeaifaiy, an air of menace Turks beneath his good
luamoe. When he speaks, any sation that he might he shales
fore hu commanding tones: Jervate wa master
tnagaanlknows i The characte yes notowe eraser
ve torepaya boon Malgoesta did for thea inthe pase The
Tremere have discovered that the Tibuea Peles atop apart
‘apc nie. Malgorita wants a permanent kcep built an the spat
‘so that che sis (raw magic) found there may be harvested for Tremere
from whic wo sre x their enemies) fr Te
to that section of Tranryivania. She does not want other to know
tha site ncontrelled hy the Unurpers(espectllyher faction) oid
tha therefore er Jervats to atrange for other to acta free men

+ Transyvanian Princes faction: This Caiite pagcon may
srearcivilued clothing in this encounter, buthe scleutyauaic Hit
‘ong legs shift resthessly as though he'd rather be moving than sitting,
ad his dark hair hangs in diseray down his hack. At fine wt appens
clear sha his eyes ae naturally red-tained. He & Tiberv, Ganrel
Wiessner of Racks, here emake the characters aa offer cn the
rine' bekall

Ir patton is.one. of the

scholar dispute

who muse cavel


4


Tice whe do foe care ro feed may desing; bus theiecefusal mast
be graceful and tactulor the patton will have ltl regord for thelt
diplomat sills, Those who choose to feed ure expected to-do x9
dlvereetly, without undue strugsle or lock of manners, Rude behav
(oe betrays lack of breeding, Fung to feed delicately enough (i
cuber words, taking 49 much vessel dies from blood los)
cells their hose that they lack sutelety and good sense. Whenever
the character have all fed or declined, he contiames,

THE REQUEST

*My name 1 (fillin whichever patron's name i appropriate),
hhave asked that you join me here tn otder to offer you a great
opportunity Your sireshaveusnited me you nll be happy trance
vod thereby secure for yourselves a comfortable future. [wish for you
tu travel ro che ensten border of Hungry to the region knoien 36
Transplvunia. High in the Carpathian Mamtains beyond the eit of
ingtewaycalledthe Tihuta Pass, Asthe
a from the East it holds yrutegieimpex-
tance. My requese ta you is thi: Travel tothe Tihuta Pa ad erect
2 foress there to quand this important trade route"

Atthicpouns, the; rank questions the patton nay
explain to them one of the reasins foe wanting the fortress nthe pais
Le staking a claim to dhe tereitory, collecting tolls, acting a peace-
‘keepers ot whatever ele the faction desires). The patton may ce maxy

the rewsons to the characters, The host contin

main access to Transylva

the coat of hiring guards and skilled worksnen, buy allies (with,
a quick gesture toward the sites) assure me that you have enough
resourcefulness ro complete the work yourselves. Since you will be
taleing charge ofthe lands anid nearby villages. vou may tax the
pesuantry and we thelr Labor in your bukding ae well. Luckily, the
foundation is already there, as an olf wooden tower once wood on
the spot. You should be able to utile the stone Kuindationy and
wild upward from there {shall expect you to have the first flor,
1, coampleted by winter

The characters may wish to ask questions, oF usk for elarf

Glive them time co speak briefly, thes interrupt then
‘sone other small favor you can do for me, a matter of
but me (oe to Raxky ifthe patron ix Tiberiu
on Rass behalf) [rharbeen rumored that among the rainy
ower, thete might he some old writings — documents ox

gues Should you Lace dhem, I deste ther
Frivelous, nov, but wich

tablets in fogonten
formycollece nes ofven alleviate

‘our exintence, Please advise me i yu fined
pall send an agent to collece them from you.

yen who has them, 1
om 28 wel

the oceanenal ted
hese writings ate |

fll you leat uf ouber such wei and

uitude for thae informa

would alo offer ay

"Succeed in these tasks, and 1 and your sires hall be most
fleaved 1 offer you as candidates to mule severnl fiefdoms in
Tuunsyleunia. Four ofthe seven cities known as the Siebenburgen
‘currently Inck princes. Young Cainites who' prove thelr lovaly,

snd ability corule stl find that we ate niserly in out
ew to yx

on will ack for their commitment to

re pot, els may be vorced ay "Ando,
Jo sus agree? Other
with," Andy it agreed Ifthe charactershave seemed pa

wos may asuume the coterie's compliance

inept (through lending Roland
atl with them), ane-might even say somewhat cy
Surely you agree!"

the dave
spews

the mecting oe tne

the charcter acuiesce, the hon expansive and ase
The patron ara he character's if chem with dhe servants sent
to fetch them (iti wp tothe Stacyelle to fhe out these people),
three enclosed wagons (\imilar to de cacavan wagon the Orpen
will Inter make famous) which allows them to mavel during the
receive enough Libruen to py the tial cost ofisng sto mans
and carpenter, Should ther patton nut be Tremere, he tli them
comtop in Rada icy of Batt ste. Incould verveasatine
tuodel forthe desi of the foros hey ate co lhe patron
Rad hiswself he will invite them vo his cae ose

oseehis

If the character: do nor want the opportunity, theit patron
storm fom the room after hanhly desnanding of thei sires rhae they
"discipline their unruly chiller." fe this case the stes turn on thete
ungrateful progeay ancl upbraid them foe their preauption. They
tder the chanicter to eve the patton and accor

Sires' Fina Worp

Ineither eae, patron satisfied thar thecharacters ll
sets dnscted, he leaves the room, claiming fatigue, Ar that pont
the characte sires tell themn that success In this venta
lmpoccant, both to chest own futures and 10 repay there sires" debt
Should ther fail, che consequences will he quite weveer Cereal
they can never expect thelr aires favor atta be advanced roa efor

again if they cannoe even erect one simple tower,

‘Once the Interview is over, u ducrost Ienock ar the dooe
sinnounces the recur of Hadlel, He leads them bck through the
‘unnels and up the sais to the alley, He then gives them n key 0 9
house uff the western eigeof the market square and tells them they
‘uy stay in ee ella of that house fortwo nights. After tut tine
they are expected to hen the way ro tbe ath. They may spend the
resto¢ the nigh planning and giving orders to their new servants ad
rest the cooam the next day. Though they h

thes to help them in their enukeavoe, smart character

sat those nwigned to them are uncer Blood Oath to (ata
‘hereon Iolo) aha sa

Scene [V: ON THE Roan

U they travel as fut as their horses and wagons can the
characters reach the eastern bores of Te:
weeks. Moving any faster would defeat their purpenc th any cae, for
the higher passes among he Carpathians wonkd sul be bjpcked by
snow any earlier in the year. Aside ftom a few difficulties finding
siffieent veel fmm which rafeet Uoaving show lela hey and
‘edgy, with no blood to wasce fi
tedious and uncomformble, bt hardly theeatenarg. Once they ros
Into Traneylvania, the local pena i abject and ter:
findofthe "greatlondswhe travel the winds the night," Whilesexne
Hungarian nobler and Saxon shopkeepers may be fooled by the
characters, the pessantsknow evetly what they ase dealing with und

them if a ll posible

‘Asie fron ena

yleanda in about three

olixsly), rwost of the journey i

lages scattered throughout the Carpathian

olds few towns. Klawsenburg, also called
Clu) or Napocs by the natives the only large city on their way t
nang a feral Oangrel names}




Myca VYKos

Junta» the ban Jost (or the characters are finally
inning), 0% 10 vhew, followed by another
ockead wagon, Seeing the "began" betong other travelers,
The men-atms then change forward to help the characters. Now
severely ouenurnbered, Mitt calls fr retreat and Hees. H the
tmalng seem tur che newcomers wurned che tej al hey de wis
shorten the butte. When Miemu's farces have Bed or have been
dapeure 9 slenvier figure wearing fine thes steps format and
intmdoces himlf  Myca Vy, a noble of the rion, He orders

1 of soldiers somes

vapor (nothing

Fetueptive members of the grap undoubtedly notice Myea's
unearthly beauty (nprduce of his Viciwtnade Discipline). Addition
allyl the ehuracters should have the feeling that they ar speaking
with sumeone of gest intellect und leveniny,

Myca ns
debe. Noting
oflers'to take the characters wherever they would lke to go
(within reason). He is headed toward Radu'scity of Bustets where
be hopes to conclude a diplomatic arrangement with his fellow
Trimbce. Heuttempts to get the characters to cel him what they

er passes up an opportunity co place others in his
hat the group contains several Cainites (anid dls

c servants unl guards ss essentually unimporeant ), Myea

ate doing, in Tranylvania,
disinclined to speak abou 1. He offer
garb and with funds that allow thes

tea Tremere chat

iit pres them af they seem
provide them with ne
nveard, If thete
ye whoe clan affiliation he ear

wea bin th

erin the tro
discers, Myea sets

ers, bur helpr the gr
Trerwere indebted to hi
thon killing one ies
should tey 0 play Mis
characters like and en
help them. Should «
boon in Act I.

‘Wine charactereacrere Myea's help: They have na transports
tion to Bisertz, no other friends nearby and no maney with which
toboild thei forrest unlesstheyaccope Myca's gift, Should they not
uke hishelp, they must somebow yet themtelves av far a
ud acqiuive money by whatever means they cat they fail build
the fares, their dreams offiedoms are forfewted aruithey munt live
‘out the test of their existences hurted by thelr sins ynd eheir
‘patron's misono

With Myca'shelp, they can gee clean clothes ina village along
the way (though not Hy a
wearing) and arrive i in few days. Any of theie
wounded servant with the village herbals
Myed leaves generous payment to caver the cost of their cate

oticeably
nap anys
ould eversually prove mare satitying
nificunt Usurper pawn. The Storyteller
sympa

ally ax promi
in later inthe story, he again offers to
¥ accept, the characters must repay the

ond as what they ate pro dt.
Basti

o¢ guards can be le

arnong the ly Ppa them with ghouls and
remember thar th Smysbke Perception + Awpex
ls (ditficulry SII wal her, though they are

onteaxerse pera

Fo in armor (unless they want
‘Dexterity when they sovaken
sh sot weurleg normal clothing
thoy ‘yethes ‘by the sun's rays (and they will be if

5 open i tiers the wag
lel Souda can on

ioceeases the diftew
Each charac

Zagfercing from the wagon
fo 9

Rochas
etl Rocce tis o

RUNNING THE BATTLE BY Day

Mitru's ghoult eome forward and heip stockpiled beush th
hasbeet kepr out et te ri

pte on if, then ser fire t0

‘woods surrunding them won'teatch fire att

five wo days. The characters now face the choice of

fire or sulle, W they ho
+ have fled deeper

tempe to cover cheng

(twith driving them

Weapins the chav

pa) Wagony, mena

along the road. Myca offers to help 4
detailed above),

DARK TIDES RISING



when the 8



Masked, Anatole a
thould not be made generally krenn (Lucia because she's nati
tally cautious and suspicious, Anatole because he thinks

meant i only fo this group) and try ta perwnde the characters not
{ogive the tranglarion key to theit patton. The final decision isup
tothe characters. Ifthe coterie wotks ati the rest ofthe aight and
copier of the cuneiform writing and the

believe that ehis knowledge

the next night, ‘
trandation key can be finished.
Any servants (whether drivers, servants oF men-at-arms)
agree to transport the tablets to their patton. Start characters
fends sliwygas they ean (or may even want to make
oryceller may have to remind the
wed us be rebuilding this tower, and
ving 1 finished by winter will be difficult enough without
feaving the job for three weeks or 30, Hallowed to make a.copy,
‘Anatole and Lacita agree co accorapany whomever the characters
nake certain they teach thelr destination. Since
hey want (the translated they have no
+ the two
vrandering Cainices full their duty and the characters' agent
equrea and report his succesful delivery to the patron, fn chys
ud Lucita sbow up in Acelll the charactees

the trip themiclves), The

them. He returns with seve
cupenter and various naked workers, A few women alsa
follaw, ostensibly to cook for the workmen and do laundsy or
other tatks ax needed, Work begins ow leveling off the remauns of
the foundation,

For the charactets, this so provides them with enough
hrely. IF the chat
dscteer, the peasants and workmen san know

long as no one is killed,

sn remain and perform their duties. They fear
chat fhe flee, the "devil eumpyr" well conve wer thei farnilies
Wich wildlife in the wea und suke an occasional foray into
‘nearby villages as well

A fow days ater the work
anoctuenal

piople to act as vessels
but ate too cowed to protest:
temiied wor

arrive, the characters recelve
1. Oneofthecharactersanddenly becomesawate
8 gray, angular-looking man standing in the shadows
s soon as somecne notices him, Zelion, the mas
comes forwardand introduces himself, saying he wa se
by Prince Radu ts ove
If allowed, he looks over the tower
maton and carpenter (while using hts Obfuscare a look more ike
‘snormal man), Zelios tells the characters he can design x trong
and seathetically pleaning rower for them, complece with hidden
‘cape tunnel and concealed tooms for thelr daytime use and asks
thea wha Although Zelion
‘rants to build this caste, feeling that he somehow completing
pattem by doing m, he never works for free
The charset hava! very Ut
anything ele he really interested

of the tablets they found does not appeal to him. Instead, he

1 the construction of the castle
WS conte with the

they have co offer biry i te

ey 40 afer hiens ne
Even the offer of a copy

rertles for a nominal fee and dhete p
should he require it: Somehow, Zelios
them at some later date. He draws up plans for the workmen and
Inacrocts chem on several poi

intensive work, promising to returt and view the completed
foeteess

jue of furure abd eo him
ptuits that he may need

, but leaves after 4 week of

‘With Zelios" design, te caste rapidly takes shape

Though Zeliow is as yee unaware of tt, the castles he hi
conseruct in Transylvania form » pattern along various ley lines.
In Acc I, Zelio returns to ask the characters for help, having
discovered (40 he believes) he reason why hve has been building
keeps at opecific sites and to exacting designs

INTERLUDE

‘The chancters must decide how to tise money for building
the fortress. They hove five stnal villa onto

three of which le on the other aide of the 4e
Russian territory), The pea

ill ger chet

peasant workmen ts most elfective. Sone of the

ce that the

de that come

cary work no more than (wo days
a week at che easele and 1p planted and survive
A rotator

Workmen ate noe farmers and can work full tie
cand spice t

in money that way. Some

charaeters can tax part of the ar
through the pass ar
belongs to thetr patron, however
Whatever they enough
The workmen muss be paid or they slip away (ram the ste, taking
rey can. Winter i fase
ching and the castle's fire floor is nar yer complete
‘Though the workmen expect to be paid the next evening, thete
Isnothing in the characters treaaney with which to

0 4in money. stahoukd never

tools and materials with them whenever

how, the forteeas will nat he

nt when their
The Storyteller may sunt vo desig more events to occupy
ang butt. Caravane passing
in a priest mendicant
traveling down co villages to squeeze the peasants for tnare money
and even visits fom their patron. ding
fs progressing might all be ap
As they debate their dilemma, they hear the jingle of hat
‘esses, and several horses anda covered wagon com
fone of the switchbacks leading up to the top of the pass. Wheo
they meet thelr visitor, they are greeted by Myca Vykos, wha 1
making u stopover on his way back: to Constantinople
After brief greetings, Myca informs the characters that hie
hosheard about their troubles. Myca has actually paid aypy (the
‘aporentice mason) to work for them andl hat 1eceived tevular
reports. Though he doesn't yer know what use the characters (ot
latimate knowledge of the castle being built here) might be,

Myca likes tahedgehishets and acquit information that may he
useful in the future. He explains chat he is interested in having
the friendship of Cainites ie this area. To this end he offers to
aulvanee them the funds they need — without the aged to pay
him hick. In exchange, he wks them to-accepe one half ofa rng
He willkeep the other halt atany time, Mysa needs thie help,
he has aly to bring his half ofthe rigor to ben an agen with
lt, and they must make a solemn promise ais
what he aks, so Forgas i wien their power to das.

DARK TIDES RISING


Scene VILL:
Moment oF Trutu


following cities are available as fiefs for the chor-
«let hempatbuge which city they would Nie or
cite disputes. Though the
Piher cities of the
the charncters
have the cites
rather than oe a
+ Balerad
Mediasch nod Krom
has left behind an pi
which the characters w i nee Set Mi Storpiltes
should feel free vo inves othe calls netidd
a the libyary 50 this particular volime doer eau
Locared on tees ve th eastern
1. tn 1431 Schaasbutg will be the birchplace of
Vlad Tepes, known to most ae Dracula

—_ hy Zelion
ye fairly near to

* Schaasbury
Transpl

The TRANSYLVANIAN Fie

* Kronstadt — Located just north of the Bras Pass, |
chief trade toute to che south, Kronstadt is a thriving trade
centet guarded by Tian Castle, stronghold of the Teutonic
Kaights

Aside fa iet of the Siebenburgen,
thete are other ch ira, Deva, Lingo Mures and
(Oradea may all be had as fiefdoms, though ther are not ax
large as the others, nor do they be 3 much protic

The other Siebenburgen are ruled by the following

a by Mita o

ke rule of Marusca of Clan

4 prove tobe
ceharaceees to unseat thefe

should the characters

chronicle — make it as epiemevou.

tudor oppiceten maprowe his worth and win a fel,
athingly. She now aces that she fostered a serpent,
that by gaining him @ place and offering to stand at hie back
whenever he needs un ally, she has been « feo!, No aiote! She
tells hin ehach

the ask

before she sees him made overlond of

hands of im, He i use
his clan and may never more look to her of any other
‘With that, she wheels away from hit,
¢hera and demands co leave, saying she no longer

ember for ald or succor
hava chu
thuve the paver to ¢ of the clan. She personally tury
burbeing made clanless takes much mote
thes diopleasing one's sine. He

airy, Lau

sever thetrrslath
ay nat, however, aime the

trinced the patron oftets wo let any chatxcter

who refused and lost out on a fel vematn an
fortress. If ron le pleased atthe eni
ray claim for their own.

EpILoGae

The churacters have survived and prospered

build the re
alt the cha

of the

They have met many potential fiends nc allies and swoen debra
t other Cainites. Further, they hiave uncovered secrets chat may
hem into the heart of the yhad. Many challenge

a ood history
uld prowide numerous ideas for adventures leadiag
Aside from sclilaely wacks, Tean

‘of the lind. Should the Storyteller Ws
ofthe region

uptotheew Ivana



Vow the Spicit speaketh expressly
that in the latter tirnes sorre shall be
pact from the faith giving heed fo
seducing spirits, arid docteirKs ©

Gpeakirig lies in bopocriassy bowing their
conscience seared with a hot irom.
— Pirrwoting PLZ


ART Two T HE
IRINCES

RIALS OF

Act Ik:
THE Binpinc (314)

Srory BackGRouND

Among tho
Chin, the

» followed the call to take up arms for
famous) Crusaders were those wh
nmlitomes Chris Templigue Soloman, the

Poor Fellinw Soldiers of Christ and she Teinple uf S

Joined the P

more commonly known as die Knights Templar, or simply,
Templars. Sarted by a group of French noblemen, these wartiot-
monks fought in The Levant (also called! ueremet) and were
1 hall the king of Jerusalem's palace av their chief halting
‘onwusring of chat part of the Temple Mount (fon which they
thet name) known as Solomon's Stables, this vast under-

und ares was tumored to be the resting place of the Atk of the
yenant. The Templars gained yieat succew und attracted
jemen froin several Eutopean cirintries to their ranks. They
con. The Pope was takers
with the order that he declared it should have
i bur hit oun, In effect, che Templare were answerable to no one
but the Pope hinelh scteing shen, above any unber Church,

were awarded the ged cross as theitb

authority over

auth ever hat of king,
Over time, th
hol

Templars amianed eiormous wealth and

diniances (whether for trade fhad1o
femight be stolen along the way: they took thet funds
the nearest Termplar preceptory. The Templars issued them 9
ocment for the aro had paid (leas small change),
payable by the Templar preceptory nearest their intended deat
world's ist bankers,

Thriatian monucehs

ation. Avie from acting us the Christa

he Templars also loans to

in need hecame a political force as well.

Toit enetosery and ambitions finally backfired. Philip the

Fair, King of France. coveted the order's lands and treasure ard
y avoid having to repay his debra to them. Using

had helped to the papal

ugh he soughe the famed Templar

sreasure (rumored to contain the Ark of the the

Shroud of Turin und the Holy Grail), i was never found. Popular

wisdom says the treasure was smrugeled oat of the Pari seonghold

andl sent by ti

over Poe Clement, whom he

to Scotland. The anderwas syppeessed afew years
Jaret, and many Templars eotfessed to using hizaceo and heretical
‘pructices (though such confessions weee obtained using the most
severe tattures), Those who admitted their cevtes, but professed
mnocence concerning devil-worship were often allowed (0 join
other otders as "penance." Thu, some Templacs disappeared into
the ranks of che Knights of St, John and the Teutonic Knights

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLE

‘The "las grat master of the Templars, Jacques de Molay, wat
burned ar the srake in 1314, when he recanted his confession,
ashamed that he had betrayed his onder. Hedied cursing the king
and the Pope, challenging them to meet his before the throme of
God within the year. Both died soon thereafter and wpeculation
and rumor ran exmpant, xome claiming the Templars were tno
cet, others that they were agents ofthe Devil and yatceress, Thu
runs mortal history.

The Hanp Upon THe THREADS

As invoften the case,» thread of Cainite hisory incerwects and
weitves about this tragic story. Indeed the hand of a Cainite helped
pluck the rheeade. seen somo of those events in motion, His doing
se ful 1d Sign of Gebetua, though Octavio helievest
tobe the fiw. Though the characters can do nohiny to prevent this
sign (bus alzeady happened when they hecome invelved in the
story), they tt Jes a par of the tapestry woven from th
thread of the Iya.

It is lkely the characters do no intially no most ofthis story
(and aay never know all of 1), but the Storyteller needs thie
information to understand the real background to the events su
sounding the characters and the motivations of the playets of the
Isha involved in ehe Templar aff.

The story begins with a covenant of mot:
Howe Tremere. Among those living and working in a mighty
huey locaved tn dhe Tranaylvartan Alps were two nval weacds
‘tamed Gratrixind Myea Vyas. Wykos,
wed his influence to allow Hone Theme:
Tracayivania, while Goratrix was afavorite

ry wigya Tremere himealf

The Tremere utilized Gentes tual knowledge and magic to
Iecome Cainites though ingesting Trimisce blood. By thi
Myea Vykor had already been painflly Embraced by murasing
Trimlice and fled to Byzantium. He was livil
nemmesis Goratrix ad become a Caine through

simates. Vykon swore to avenge him hb
‘members of the Usurper Clan

‘When Tremere daberized Sauloe in 1133, he &
torpor, rousing only accasionally. To govern the:

‘made his seven original Cainite followers into raling.couneil. They
divided the known world szaeny them to minimis

theclan. Though more believed Meerlinda, a consummate diplcm
shiukt have eoonitoeed France, Tremere demunded thatthe post go
tw Goeittix. Despice all angumen tnaited on seading
Gorutnx, Later; he seemed suprised when hie was told that he had

made Goratrtx his choice. Only much later woul Tremere realise he
thal erate hanes Aig

resknoen at

the Home founder. the

making shi neler
‘Whatever thi reason,
seeing lun affairs in France,» move dit would event inlly led to hi
downfall. Reacting tothe Lnguiiion's crusade again the Catharrof
Languedoc. Gorartx prew angry with the Ch
Jhiadomain. fn response he subtly involve
He hope eo eventually se the Inggistion to root out is enc
Mexnyabile, the Tesgpiaes had among ther several magealy cl
fexved members Because ofthese member, the under 9.4 whole became
sociated withthe Cabal of Pure Thought, asecreive gow of mages eh
veanted touniyal humanity under one dogma. These mages a well
be group who wad later be kzsowm athe Celestial Chom,

wch's interference in
nse with she Church,




Smug. Byelibo id chi ong theme deo
WD Napuicehoeeoltspring lature the very iil with aca, His |
duck hear igeed der the demon ini ae Beneah the
Garth ating tend nd sped in comeption
‘bo touch wpa is deed dees Ie swinger tht he
demoe sep sinner tebe wh when a
tu eek His bari lie aee ip te ccaion a
Keniry Mond yd boos hace he sured fi tens of
ps Wah er Badr demos
The ul Seicted to this abhonem sii
demon uh series slaying bes forthe pace and

‘re, The quaking of he earth the fel tins nd lighting
thy destry cope and Nomen, gi windirms tht tear the
fick oe lorest sues all hee peak with he demon

Se

Ac this poine che section on Kupala becomes illegible. The
acters may gut things together and realize the strange westh
that has afflicted the lands may he the result of Kupala' string, As
eon. they hygin ertoaly discusing such a thing, eran

huredly, aniouncing a visio.

‘On hisheels, not waiting to be admired in che proper manner,
slhsazal, well-muscled man with an unkempt, bushy re beard and
wild, uncombed red hat: His blue eyes seem to glow with power. He
searea brown tunic and ol-atye crom-gurtered leggings. Over the
funic rests poorly fitting Roman breavipaee: In bi lft hand he

it. The soevane leuk diarseated, stammnesing. *Y
std (or lady), L could not keep him ent!"

pardon,
Any character who makes a weeessul Perception + Alernest
tall (dificulty 7) remembers that they have seen this person once
before —sooutine wopheciesat them inthe sreetsofBuda-Pest over
100yearsag. The character mayalso remember (ifit happened) that
cer speaking with them, the crated prophet tned to act « moh on
hiv white face and bared fang ts obviows the visite ie
Regardless of what the characters do, he speaks (it the
lesguage they understood lat ime he spoke with them) anon ashe
seer thern. Grounding hisxpear on the floor he poines filthy finger

se them and says,

"Hear me! Though { long. ayo wamed you, thou hast done
othing to quell the demon's awakening! The first of the signe han
nel yet you wait! Will you remain idle while the

lands hear is ripped from its bleeding chest? Do y
emul alghitle chaste opoig mat Ho

‘one r0a0 upon thelestny beds thetrhungersheieking ot out vitae.
Thelon ofnholy land, the breaking of holy order, and the downfall
ofamighay magus The sig has come, the frst of those that lead to
ever blackness an
Sever more remain; what eannot be stopped
(Gm you ress our redermpcion vr destruction. Do aot fail me again!
‘With this he flls writhing tothe floor, bloody four bubbling
frembismouth ashe rks in spasmsthae wouldbreak amoral
After moment, he ceases to move, then sts up an looks
confuted at co where he i. He doesn't seem to mcognize the
1 dea wa he just told them,

seen flfillme
‘not see thar
in-and with hie. the anclent

feath eternal. You stand within the whielwind.
ansformed,

fhim kindly, the Malk
peopher introduces himself as Octavio and tell we
from Obuda, which was alled Aquincum in
who have an interest in higtory may recall, via an Intelligence +
‘Academics rll (difficulty 7), thac Aquincum was an
the Roman Empure, serving a8 the capital of one oft
from the fir through the fifth centuries. Obviously, Octavio
quite old and probably very powerful. The Malkavian discusses
‘hacaver the hit Kuga
‘except that he is tomehow hound to the demon, who grants h
vystons of the furure

If asked, he relates the naeure of the signs he has foreseen.
Though he knows there are mote, he says that some conie »
vaguely thar he cannor make eut what they mean yet. The signs m
the knoves them a)

"Anu there shall come 1) pis the os of w holy Land
(presumably the Levant, known asthe Holy
‘rusaders, ait to Christian Europe in 1291),

let (he has had a vision of Knights Templar in the hands of
Tguisitors and being burned at the stake) and the downfall of w
rmiginy magus (in this ene, he canswoe clearly make out the fave of
rng)"

‘When they hecome invalved in the rest of the st
‘means, but in actualy, it is Tremere, experiencing yeave di
saltics ance his diablerie of the Anstedhihivian Saulot

the
0 believe its Gorattix whom Octavi

© "The passing of year
Ing upon usa parting of kin, one from the other. The children
shall revile theis parents, min their beds, nd brother
shall smite brother
Ocravi

avd the fires of che righteous shall

but hit vision grows
more clear by the time this omen comies to pass, It refer,
coune, to the Anarch Revolt and the slay
and Trimisce Ant He doesnot kaow that the
‘on the Tzimisee founde? wil fa

of the Lasombea

ugh willing to st
possible for him ta ree
Kopala}

for awhile (especially Uf seems

the characters ta his campaign sgainat

within i day or so, Octavio departs, elatming be must
vd 99

Pes

Should the characters attack ini rather than listening

Octavio tnitincrively utilizes a refin
Dascipline: Hu
peripheral visions, teausesall the chat
mad visions fora few moments

ment of the Dementations
int the Soul, Ruthet than

characters) inhabit a warpes

‘undulate and tule, making the characteesunveahle and di
fiber nonsense to one another und fal helplessly

rises adark, menacing form, half-wnade of shadow, balfot the might
sel Ieraisesa gleaming sickle to reap ts harvest (the characten'
hheads). Malicious laughter drow

very teal to the characters, Even spending Willpower
them ro stand wit

out all other sound Thi wert

ut moving while they uy W get a gip on thee
‘Octavio uses the distraction to excape, di

soon ashe leaves the oom. Even thoae with high levels of Aue
hhim once he leaves — Kupala's control of the
taunted earth hides Octavio from ther shght; making him *one"

with the lund even a he moves theough i

DARK TIDES CRESTING


SCENE IE CHALLENGES

Before the chanscter» depart 10 thei own fits, they receive
another visitor. Zlionuvives along wit
Iheclamms he met along the sad. The me

he characters, and Zelion directed the win to the enitle he

makes ir lear be is content to wait

the characters deal fie with the mesenger (of course, he

ot mind hearing the message

thrives on infeemation),

het aNowferatu afterall aad

‘The mesenger isa small man dresed in leathers and carrying
ly after inquiring.
the character me teison, the
snesscager will nor rurtender the tessage to him, The courier han
been in toone ofthe characters having
al theit nates and given descriptions of eacs. Once the
an sure thatat leat one ofthe characters among thane he sceks,
Ling yu teetings from my master, who bademedliver this,
teryou He musts thar you shall act agen his wishes. Lam toawai your
recor with i

sealed pouch. He hands the pouch to charac

the charseter's sume. If

veted only to tugn tos
been

ide the pouch va leter, alsa sealed, Something i wrapped

in the parchment, Wrert opened, half « twisted gold ring set with a
‘carved by falls ou The letter reads

| a a

Yom remeron pik re gr er q
Dn east that ym nmteioectue ced. |

? al a ema enone |

‘ve maha enovon a ma hat inh ncgaaitnce
ohn, mama of Gorden tracts to Cranigtotale,
‘He has Be summanid tthe Tremere shanty kein
Carin Yrs has rats amg he Tomita
[Alps Heh alent hi este Land, vehere ss wing fy
pen tart mtMth oth toe Ki ile ae

Thins Yay regis of ge Pre Tianna

} heyhey So
of gee al mane de sea

Giang caver they back « Cedie's powers amd

\Gpnard hin trangh tase dangers ads

ty ihe shawty He Rasen thacvony t¢ Cats

cin

Though the chansters ay not realize {they escort Gore to
(Ceo ite, the Tremere will behighly sp
know the wy to their most nporant chantry. As ne who wsed tobe
mang the Tremere mages, Mycn krwesthis quite well Nonetheles hit
rmakice wward Gomrix i uch that he wants to make certain his od
‘nemesis cannovescape the Tremere's tribution fr his mistakes. Ths
he willing to sacrifice all the characters merely «0 enare Gest'
artval at Ceois,Charactess wha heretofoee have seen the "nice" se
Mya may selon aren a whole cw nih

With theenciseC
Imattendance, the character are walikely cosucviv
Goratrix (when they take charge of him) pointy
characters f they don

{Zelion allowed to hear the lnter he exclaims, "Perieet! This
fs « wonderful opportuniey for you to help me as well. Ceons of
course} This will lay the demon to rst!"

iNofSeven at Ceoris and Tremerehiself

sdicevere dhe teaver behundhi
spprtett patterning of building castles tazcughout Traneslvansa and
ssrrounding land

"Alth
dea castles, nas constnscting a geewnantic web. My re

1h ot aware oft at the time 1 designed and base my
inEgypchasrmghe me mach. Most ofthe forereses lie atop ey lines,
ang within chem tremendous powers ofthe Eatth. When linked
together via cettain runes, they shal frm a web of power capable of
tinding Kupala, the tenible demon who inhabits and eorrupe
ands. This is wliyleame here tonight. intend tearve the runes ino
thewalls of his caste and the others Uesignest, Once Thave finished
With the forteses of the Sichenburgen, only Vinila Basarabe
sironghokl (and one few has ro exist because stbalanced his inthe
pattern) retmoit to wrk. That mum fe Coon
Vou should agree to tht request, if for ne othe reason than it
willallow yourocarve the runes intoCeoris. shall each them toy
‘This ie great god fortune! My patter: shal be competed and the
deman' hack hones bound and veilled. We dll Haye ne more of
these werble stoans! Truth be told, | alwoye « that my
creations served as anchor iu se of chaos"
lWhetsn privy tothe message, Zlic tells them ofhistecent tip
to gypt to study architecture. andthe need so rmaskshocaseles Hes:
tre will mark of them, bur he bu
rerauslingthem togstathe Trans
he b cera les there. (He can give them is approximate location, at
ie balances Vintia's castle.) Chie they discover it, he aks thae they
mark sc with ehe runes he will teach them and explains the necessity
mentioned before. The characters can peotubly figure cut that he's
speaking of Ceatis, even though he docsn't know it
seteto work carving seriesofymmbols into one wal ofthe
greatly resempie te cuneitorm writin. om the
haracten discovered in the Bikau Pass wins If they
tom disk (oe maak copes), ee

veto the characters in hopes

rina Alps and verch fracas

pe che tru! acerca thatthe
‘tes correspond to symbols for protection, hinding and rasing the
power of th F One further ne
iancher poine for receiving correspond p
Aer teaching the characters the pattems of the runes (or
letting them copy what he has done), Zelio departs the next ni

sy to Myea, shen
leaves. I the characters refuse the mission, the messen
the ring before leaving. Should they refuse, i

encouraged to end them letter from the Tremere E

ques



‘Goi hel lex acradely made box in o nearby charmer. He

\seiked at she rvment, When the character enter, ane of the dark
sinned men ries und ajyimeches them, bows ft the wait and
"Welcome. Iam Haya ulFatin. Ifyou wiih efeshmen, the wx
innkecper test door can serve you. They are cement hene wit ox
wpechl need After you have reed fom your journey, ame andy
aryrentice hallcondhceyootnthe mom n which your charge sneatsyat™

Hasyn ie happy to converse with the character
sever Mentfcs Wlioml yo ny gga,
charaerer, When they are realy to weet Goratrix, Hiss gov ta
nother toom, emerging with a young woman bound with ropes anal
segged. Husayn andl his apprentice waeort the characters and the
veune woman fo the cao where Gorarel ta heing hel

*Rogsetfully, [must release him," explains Husa, "ae | have
teen commanded to do 40 im my contract. | hope dat his need for
‘ood will veupy hie long enough fr you to explain why you are
here. It would be mont ceysettable should he injure you before
teaming of oor mission,"

Heallewed 10 dos, Hasyn oper the be ©
seaked though the heat. Should the characte
before be tallowedtorecovertheymayclo we, Gorstix above tedium
hheighcandlof wpparently normal weight. He clean-shaven, with dark
frown aur see hace eyes. His nose i trong and bros his mouth

Some might conader hin hanchrne. Dresed like a note of

fhe French court he looks boeh fermadabe al schcknly. Something in
the lines ol hia 6

Hlasayn speaks to Gararrig saying, "Heve are thine who guaran:
‘ee your safe passage through the lands abead. My ean
satisfied Go tn peace" So saving. he pull te sake fro
hort and thrust the girl toward the ravenous Cainite, Should the
characters attempt to prevent Hasyn from pulling out the sk, he
apparently sequiewces, bowing anu! withdeameing from the toon. He
returns later to prt nacter to ght ashe was imitated todo. Should
Ihe succeed at that poant, Goratric aries in a sate of frenzy with no
convenient vese) nearby to sake his thine.

Once he has discharged hin duty, Hnayn bids the charicters
hiv apprentice leave the chagel and the characters
raz sake cleat cat tat ft

farewell, He un:

‘over as well, They intend to eeturs te Canszantinople a quickly as

pouible, It ts up to
‘Gorverx fom paw 0 until they turn hint ove
WF Goratre i allwed feed in prec, Ine desins the gt
‘completely [prevented from doing ©, he demands more blood,
aiming that he has important martersto ducuss ith the ch
mattershe cab of fhe falls into zorpor from lack of vitae-
he characters can obtain other vesels for him, ar even offer him
some of their own blow. Ashe i under Blood Outh ¢s Tremere, i
Heights

the chacacters wn thelt vetainers co jgnand

Tremere

tatters tle to ies how many tyne he dri their
alin darth i
us freedom,
Using the Reyo Vite power Blows of Potency, Coraei first
rnces his pee

event being staked again,
Thumatungical powers tore

iy. Following that he uses Cauldron of Blood on

seems most threatening. Should the chametens
penis be the Demonic Horde porwer iru the Prey Onthe
Soul's Fear path Wich hi hold several charmcters

sehichever chan

cen 0 lowe
E wcthe Body of Light power from the Wa

wo freeze them in panic or even caine eh

TRANSYLVANUL CHRONICLES 1

Levinbol, he eam inflict up wo si die of damage an anyone coming
sno comtace with him, Though Cloratix is willing to seriously harm
cor even kill the chameters, his primary motivation 1 to: remain
Uuntaked and escape. Should he flee and the characters-not pur,
the Tremere eventually caprute him (with resulta fr the character:
as detailed before). the characters attempt to recite hin, they
‘an find him on the road ro Ceoris, unable to break Tremete
sumeaans. So tong as they leave him urweaked, he goes wath them:

the ebaraccer allow him to remain intakes, he speaks to
them about fis plight, explaining that he only sought 1
tea ectively: The Storyelier should we thisopporeunsty coil she
characters in ve the backstory — from Gores' point of view of
eau. He tree 8 get the charoctcr break Tremere',
summons and excape, promising them vant riches snd remands in
fu, a8 well as his eternal gratitude

"The characters probubly wil not agree If they do agree, Jer the
layers come un with a plane way 10
‘Whatever they do, however, if they ful to take Corstix to the
"Trangplvanian Alp, the Tremere evennully caprare hum and xing
tefore the council. The characters will have eames the Tremez's
enmity, though Malgorata will applaud dhe and screly oer thers a
ewan for trying to save er sie

hey ise ors aking him to the Usarpers, Goxaris tells them
that knowing the way co eons isa deudly burden. The Tremere do
tallow Caini ow he seccet approsiches 10
theit stool, Key yall mend to ecort him there, Gorm
grudgingly weceptshis tear greet Hp only
sstiefction lies in knonving thar they will accompany him in death

Scene ['V; ON THE Roan

Theweatherturmeven veinemthe charactemanal their bead
forthe Transyheanan Alps. Bach day isa bare once de weg crud
covert eradicate by conscant ran; each night a tug wo lost
shelter in wiuch tohddle [rns and villages ae few ane far herweon. Al
theCoinitesace hungry. ile reine unstaked, Goestrx contin ete
the characters various enticement okt him go (rach acferng to teach
them Thaunaturgy, to reveal a cache of yeaa and jewelry ve tebe
aneay in Bundy Pes, oto sear majoe hoe to eich ef ther).

‘he Stoeytlle sw feel frve to invert a hater two against
esperate brigands, werewolves even Teimisce and their chins wha
have dicovered thor one of the seven mone pawertul cf the Troanere
‘eaveling through the lind. A lese combat-ariented coterte may be
plagued hy Trimisce schachas spies oc freebooting Rae varnpnes i
the local wiknde's service. Any coterie ty
conte — une whatever you wish to bighlighe the journey. Ihe playes
scem unexcited bry sac, simply ove cx

en bis

hee Terres rane

cceuanzer a humble forest

the sen atthe inn.

(Ce rremtngsibery ret arora lng Ace Sa st
fastumedto foul thatoneof thet heescellapses. Arvin ise yh
acgndepicringaeipingstg Inade then which cacy wit thar
cf nate fe, sit several fs card eblasmd with the seb!
cf the Teutonic Onder. Thoagd nothin ses threatening, they appeat
ervousara watchful When the charactersandtheirentinnage entre
lanighes witch,
annvering any attnges at oxweatin it sao epics

ery mane they take, but decline attempes to fal,

Every few minutes, one or another of them gets up an goes
dowre ball oa room on the ryght-handse, emerging afew misiutes
Luter. Occasionally, one goes co the mee and diferent man comes

Inack. Characters may figure cut thar tede ate 16 mer total in th



V: THE TREMERE


(Caine Several robed figures
theft The mvnete
tuple Panicked f

Morals (inehating
their kes, th

joevat Coram, who suas back and reeies
eye Gontrtx whispers, "Tremere

a the characten' service) drop 0
fall unconscious as the dark mag
rally, he looks at the chatacters and his eyes but
hazacters feel ith

feeltheirblood heats

surveys tein
oto teen. The
edwithacid Theycan
he hoiling point. Fach character must
rll hel 8) fee Uae sce

skin melting and deipping off theis bones, which
‘hatter even as hey trytoescape. Thispain accompanies the bunting
ofthe ena

ind the Iquefactian of their eves (amsinue
fothany blood theyhuve mn the
inde te weaght of mortality

ike have bee

why run

Thane chen

oneuent deafening) due to. buill-ap of peesure
Jews). They vont
sscemsand feel dhenwelves pinned
vey nk, dying, to che ground
Gluaracters who withstand theit initial fear undeng® the vane
experience a thei leving cmmnterpatts, but nla feel thei heady
spor actheir thoughts, memories and deepese secrets a
their minds i tasted mas. Just before sae explte
agcoy, each character feel the Antediluvian's white
fortheie feeble exorences

Wien the characters open their eyes, surfacing lth

hey realte that they have aot moves

Sm. All the chacactet can feel a
lipgerng pin i their heac, on ache as though chet thonghts have
Shen eritrined, found wanting acl sbifled bck tat

Tremere ix merely looking

ow" Gonitte lok
pleatingly the chatacters, then lurches forward, compelled tc
Jaurper turns looking biek once more
toward thecharacten, then speaks to one thiscompanicns,asmaller
‘mon with sandy hair
their price, Exrius. Pay them." The smaller man. bowa
Alightty 6 hls superior strides cur the doce and into the night. His
departure removes tbe mura of ear over
Thecharsctershave
this enortouspower nal the fear chat accompanies that realization,
Hai he chosen, Tremere could have dat them all. The Storyteller
mast enphasize Tremere' abuolute majesty and co

met Tremere. Theyshoul have sense

wee sdoan yroply h
inimme ately thecnan int

for her awakening (a go
dexroyed. depending on your wun

Makine tr REM
players wall race wit oc hat the Storyteller
9 soarbiacl (gen without ging eee chance
sxyiog) Aaled Mi characgeb tha he
Storytelaigke the Stones ic

Saipan ied
ee ae oes
ek ag Ten nee hem

scene ari tratabatt Se al
id impedes eta = %

play he fe ants noc
seene wok eal RO the the Wipe Facing an

Antediluvian, afterall. Then continue the scene ws below

lenge him. Ii they are that foolish, Tow

leaves th
fn flames 9s he departs
witha few ghouls H
mctothe Tremen
ina respecetul

der ¢
oes, though he rtacysbly potenti

Though he also has gee
not et satte magnitude of fear thatthe
netheley, Hew
cael agrees
reasonable. He lsempamered to yrant thermal

maney or goo

des price for setter
ining in any Discipline except Thaumacungy and
other such request Ifa churacters can extve che miner on
Ceorucfow Zoion. Erni efes ying dat kaw the wey te the
ir own deaths. Should the charters he
Feaunive enough, Bers ag leer the rants fom them, He
Fromines to carve the runes on Ceo! wall hinvell

‘magic offers no danger to hi chan

provided thei
and doesn't interfere with the

wea with Soulsight can

speaking the trueh. Etriusflly intends to Keep this

tmuly bas no adverse effect on the Tremere. He rowers

might even offer more protections for

Certainly, learning the runes allows hin the chance t
before applying thew nv the walls; he mish even be a!

je chant

ScENE VI:
THE SETTING OF THE WEB
When the chan
lett awastin them
erst topes
4 hope that ysw have Speen ot
business, TI T heiew | forw's resting after
Wet danes os tmnccakaties fern
Maciek thatthe weather has become wore foul och oy To
grovad quathes and 3 fear chat. cur mover shal! comble
| Sowrcaf chs Boer woe som ceare
| srbetieve there pheviomena drt caused ky the chrashings
| ap Mewpalc ns he seeks to thwart owe pas co bin Ki. Ove
castle wot remains which must be marked chat off the
| ebimesee visite Vinedla Basar Although Thesitate co

te wert wn ave racy, T mnt
Frc ee arena ing tare pt

soe wiles north of Alla Tals. Avy f the Legals cam cll
aw co fd ie

at abs belies ad Bo the Bod myaelf {9 eh

Tinwoe cravet Wiel all haves ta "Wastorn Burope t matt

"ask gow ta complete sur geomantic Ward brings ates
Go to the youve» eure ed coven hime to let you

are te ries upset, Yor shall vec han sreatet >

Sh es eins stp } |
‘Lah yo for the go af ws all f

tem teturn fem thetteipwothe Alps they find

ta from Zelien. The lente realy

Belin Masterbnlber ——* i

DARK TIDES CRESTING



to his ghoul "Grandlather!™ he
cals more ungently, The youl remains still "1 muse feed!" the
With that heleapa upon the ghoul,

calroost acre
sp
Thecharacrersmayinwervene they wish. Should theypullhim
fie ghoul nuvtves IM chey peter, the chatacters mayan watch
stout attempting to save the ghoul, butsone might need to make
| Conscience er Convierion rail, depending on which Road they
miu ste: Fale wine tbe
characte a pein fom her Rond
‘Whether they snp hima allew him oll his ghoul Drage
breaks irto wild laughter and chenceinwo sobs, ocaning, "Grands
tothe character and si, "Now, give me yout nest opinions. Wat
there uth in shun sce? Regadles of what the characters answer, he
fab ana accept thelr james
Unies the character attack Degen, he then gives perm
tho or them to curve the runes his castle: He wateles ws they do
6 amid torential rai snd helish lightning. Half the hile
shaghs Aft gigantic mudsde a they prternpe to retain theie
‘With the carving of the lst rane the rin
Jesens, then stp. Slowly, che lead break apa and the fl moon
thes down cn them. The wind drops roa whisper and the ait
reaceably warn
Exually minacolows by the change in Drains: Whete he
ttuunJhim. He nvicesthe character to.come buck inside ard sends
Neghoul co find feat, dry lating fr thet (ihe youl si lve,

ptherwie, he ferches the cloching hursell). After the characten
lunge clothes, hescems genuinely interested in speaking with them
und proves to be well vere in scholarship, Dragomie fe both wity
and solicicou of their confor, telling his ghoul (ag
nun surived) to eeral oomvand.change the heding
so that his gueses may eat tn ccenfoe during the day

ni, cnly ifthe

Whether they accept his h
polite ro them. They may stay

<feapes bli

‘ot, Deags
they wish, He shamefully
Hse Taam ling len fe elm hugh
|hiswill were overcome by soyneone ele' He felt aif usluade or spit
wwere controling his. actions. The Storyteller eu! make Draginie
«xpleatanc and appealing ax posse once tie runes have heen placed
ais ctl. The players wl inde
Kupalas apell, which was broken by che rune web, The characters
will meet this Yourg man again in the future, wher he isamong those
who seek to diablerin the Tzimisce Antediluvian. {the charactery
ally of his instead

Aull Drogomir the story picks up late us

EpItoGue

For now; the characte have apparently wee

ide ie ising
the demon. Zeliow' geomancy appears tobe working. Inactuality, they
havedone far nore than they realise forZelion bot
reason he has heen compelled to conenuct this pee
fhe many, many years (centuries
the true purpose of ths bins

vther stories before continuing with the Tranwyivania Chronicles
Acc IIT picks ups» ceruury frown now, tthe year 1413

eth Peal
webs teil
before ny of themn discover

Q

am



Watch your oven hildexton
the lips of all is the honery-taste
of diablerie.

~The Book of Ved, Kroverbs


Part Two: THE
DEATH OF PRINCES

BACKGROUND TO THE STORY

this act play our against a background of
bloody war in Eascern Europe and growing eivil unrest in West
erm Europe The revolt of English peasants led by Wat Tyler in
1581, chowgh ultimately doomed, signaled che beginning
sweeping changes thet would sock che slid
fhad over the ower lames. Ip Transylvania, although the evades
still exercised their ston grip aver the peisiants, other forces
moved to threaten their power. The Turks, having effectively
put an end to dhe Crasadee hs

ee wu

h the capture af Januslon,
ids of theie tnvadees nnd sent their

Hl t0 ehve Turks in AD 1382; 11 years
ater, under Bajusee's leadership, they subdued Bal

fore placing th

snd Transylvania

heir eyes ow che fertile l

armies westward, Sofia
municornfortably cloae coche b

{In Spain, the fires of the Inquisition sparked a wove of fear
fn Cainice circles. Elder vampites sought thelter from their
righteous perseeutors,

mies of the Church while they themselves fled ca safety, Many
Cainites sought ta hide the proof of their existence, conceiving
tinge theie traces; thers
to govern all Cainites. This
sonivn, or Camarilla, would preserve the rigid hietarchy of power
through generation. Young Cuunites saw litele tthe

tage in the new proposal

a complicated "Masquerade" to
spoke of forming a vampiric Un

The Brujah Pacricta Bollingbroke, ing
‘of het mortal lover, Wat Tyler, now ensconced in Spain, ied hee
own rebel ho would hecome known
ay "anarcha," anger Cainites as sacrificial

it terrified and

1595. Her followers,
decried the use of
bs and sought ro refuse the demands of tl
Finally, in 1405, anarchsamong the Lasombra succeeded in
liablerising their founder of theie of the elan, thus freeing
themselves from the tyranny (as they saw if) of gen
Now, ovarly « decade later, in the stronghold of the
the younger members of the Fiends whisper among
themselves thar pethaps the actions of the Lasombra merit

weaysnte snark chin pertad of RISKOFY AN ways
sigaificant to boul
homeland far pies make cheie fist
lange-seale appearance in Eastern Europe. In Transylvanla, the
quickly atcimilate these

ant class, often enlaving th
remain traveler», spending cheit time inan
endless migration from village, never staying long
enough (0 fall into che chutches of the wovvndes
some of these folk are members of the Ravaos clan, trailing,

inites ana me
the southeast

ented, enystical folk inte their
beca

status, Other Gyps

village

and chaos in their wake

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

Act I: Ture
RELEASE (1413)

‘The year is L413, roughly 100 years after the events of Ae}
IL Presumably, at least some of the characters have tisen t8
prominent pos

tons, either as prince
local fiefdoms m the region, of
lausted agents fr tele sis.

Scene I
Rumors oF Tunes to Come

‘The Storyteller may prepare for this scene by xiviny
haracter a tudlt of information that she feels is worth sharing
with her erstwhile companions. Rumors of uncest among the
pensanty, curiosity about the influx of Gypsies in che region near
their holdings, arxlety shout the possibilty of « Turkish inva
dion from Balgaeis, or speculation about the arrival of Lnquisitone
from Western Europe might serve as encicements to being the
characters together. If any of the characters possesses Die:
pines, Abilities or Metis that incline them town

prophetic visions, the Storyteller mi
hhave haa particularly puceling ord

ur they
surbing dreams or visions thet

inform them
indicate they should gaaher together wich thele sympaisioas

For whatever reason, che characters meet with one another
inone af their strongholds. This should be the frst tame ih year
thar the characters have seen each other — ake the chance t
Jo some extensive roleplaying. The Storyteller should alls
enough time for thew ta renew old bonds of friendship (or
rivalry) before continuing with the scene

In the middle of their reunion, a fetminer of the hos

character dsc announce the axsival

y incerrapesthe grew
of vinitoos who claixa to know the characters
fore anyone ean react, Anatole and Lucita burst
into the room, Both Cainites appear distraught, exhausted and
vels. Anatole prosteates himself at the
acter, while Lucita hovers near the doat,
A nervous, yet determined nor to lose her compowure
‘up chrough his marted blond hair at the characcers,
ole beseeclies them:

"Sanctuary for the persecuted and driven! Blessed he they
who shower forth their mercy upan the uprooted and rhe de-
fenieless. Salvation surely comes for thote who seek t0 sve
those who are lost. Turn not your backs on chose whom God
tavors anid man despise:

Since they have previously met both the vistonery Malkavian
and his Lasombra companion, the characters
Anatole's oblique manner of speech and real
sway, Anatole is requesting their aid. Nevertheless, they may walt
fot | ranalation of her fuend's request before they re
spond. Ever the diplomat, Lucita ts quick to add her own words
to those of Anatole:

d tecognite
that, in his own

My flciuds — at lesar tip I can alien you tc —

Anwtole and 1 have peed of shelter und sustenance, Much

transpires in the lands to de west, un little oft bodes good for


ith L
th
row
La

DARK TIDES FALUNC



After this, Anatole falls
ves, and then ooly briefly
Jnless the characters tse on sending them on thelr way

tmesately after speaking with thes

withthe cuarictersforanothor evening befae once agin toking to

the road, drawn eo chess next destination by Anatole' sptitual

png. The charactere may continue to mull over what they have
sme Ot disper once more to their havens.

INTERLUDE,
Sever
inevalleeweenthe tw scensssMlnacbe

1 and does nok speak unvessamectiy

8 pass between Scenes f and I. Ie ie up to the
ide om the precive tumber of days, though the
serthantwoweeks
In the interveniig time, however, each character hasan en
counter vert her site. Though the particulans differ from individual
tw lodividual, the ewence ofthe meeting wil be the same. The ste
Ince with her childe und ether praisesher ducifulnessor reproaches
het for her lack hereof. The itesiew crabs with the site's demand
chulde dink her blood. The following guidelines should

‘over most relationships betwee sites and childer
crs relationship 10 her sre ts telatiely goed, her
she earns her of ramon of ungrateful peogeny,emphastaing chat the
does not connider the character Wo be one of those "wretched
suse." She then tequests that her childe confm hee loyalty by

drinking her blood

he character's relatioruhip to he
‘ber ste ss thatthe chamc

ire uwkwatd o ever
1 dank her blond 10 provide
'eclationsip toh lukewarm (high
Sloal in oder» stengrhen the ths between them and devel
tectr rappott with one another.
Depending on whether ot not they have already taken the
second step toward Blood at in the peviou try, some chatac-
nay be extremely eluctac
darking fom erste will resol inthe formation a
tbe charter tees

re! wish If

sod Outhnnd

dso, het ste does not immesdiarely take

rater. Inaead she demands thatthe

el) oliew

drinking herblood. Ifa character decides ro accept the corscraines
Sath, hersirets delighted with her

;cquent thatthe character asst he

I: CONFIRMATION

This scene begins after ill he characters have bid a chance to
fetandrespond iene way oe nother to the request
sink font thers,

Each charactet receives letter fies her ste, astructiny her

st with Nova Arpad, the Ventre Prince of Mediaich, one of

Siebenbingen, ut Nova's mansion near the outskirs of the
town. Th render assistance
to Nova Arpad as the site's way of dicharging © minor debe
Depending oa the results ofthe character' previ tew with,
her sie, the wording of the letter teflecty either a polite eq
scrong alvirement or an outright order

‘Whee the chacaetees aerive atthe Argel mansion, they later
rupt a one-sided confrontation between a group of soldiers and a
peasant. The peatant your man whose dress and manner axes

itya small acter.

missive stares that the characteris

that fe ha wich ae
‘before the mansion, declaiminetoany passerby, He atrerps teri
ht to subnihon, Cha:
ce + Heraliy toll (difficulty 7) to
recognize the ctese wormby the soldiersasthurf the Arpad fail (ot
they may simply assure chat they are Nava's guards since they ate
defending her horae): Ashe dodges
the door ofan inn further down the at
the charactersusthev
the peatunt continues

‘off the soldiers who totend 19 budge
acters may make an Intell

racker and tries to bole for

we probably blocked by
sn honehack or in caache),
proclaim his defiance

+, presunih

"Th mockery of justice and rulership has gene on for Br too
Jong, The loids of these land must ceate their depesdations. We
break out hacks and give aut Ifeblo for their pleanare- Our wiven
wisters and daughters sacrifice their vistue on the afr of thei
insatiable and unholy huts. It w time for u to stand together

‘Unless the ehusactersnervene, the solders comer the peasant
before he ean finish his diarbe and pummel hits #nto unconscious
fess rapping hum toward the saaikon's ke

‘The charicters ave sve
lunore the divurbance, figuring it none uf thett busines, They ex
assist the soldiers indirectly hy Hiocking the peasants excape anite
(thedoor tothe ian) of, conversely, help thee
Dy:moving wo axtolet him escape (inte the
around a comer) und impeding the soldier' puruit, They <an
actively aid the peasant, «
artack (though they actually have no right. do s0 i sorecne ele
Jomain). Imperious characters
ifculey 4) t0 tmpres the soldiers hronigh force of personality
Finally, they might simply attack the pemant, cpeuring him ard
‘handing him over, or attack the ders, whorn they can easly deh
‘Whateverthey decide, nym claeun the sieet moyen
az quickly as pouible.

Ione of the characters states thar she Is placing the peasant
underher protection, che soldier immediately leave off their waault,
ts lise

opctonsin this sruation. They eat

rmer down the sect and

wnandini the soldlers 10 ceate th

NN Charhima + Lead

a charter expla cho matter
whom dhe peasant has grievexsly offernded

Unless the characters are dressed it rough commoners, the
soldiers are unlikely to attack them fir. (They will defend th
‘elves from the characten' atack, however).

Any character who succeeds in « Perception + Alereness roll
{chficaley 8), will notice Nowa Arpad sitting quietly, hall hidden in
the shadows, observing the spectacle feoan a dowes
Nov does noe involve henelf in
characters carefully, using the incident

ht of whut she expecta them to do.

cher mistress,

in window
‘but she watches the
page theiratticades inthe

Inthedvent thae the eharacten do wsume respons

vty forthe
leader of the soldier Looks anxiously toward Now,
Hy nee he fc, wh
character! deciaion and allowing her soldiers to sand down,

Once the incident with the peasant i» resolved, «tall ake
nally thin older man dressed jn Arpal livery (obviowsly one of
Now's ghouls) epecthlly. He
‘fms hen that his mistvess has arunged a private niceting co
for them. He notes that they may be tited feo thei

sates that appropriate nastensince 27

a them if they have a desire
e characters a sul, comforeable toom to one
side ofthe tn sryhall and elluthvem that mistress plans

to join them shortly
DARK TIDES FALUNG


Ifthe characters indicate ther they are in iced of vite, the
shoul bringsthem several cowed peasants pon which they may lake
their thirst. Note har the firebrand, should he accompany the
charneters wt thu point for whatever reason, reacts poorly to the

e's disposable morality they feed on the peasants. Nova w
unui alter they have fed before she joins them,

1 Aspad isan attractive womn with log, Hack hairand
cold, blue eyes. Her proud features and expensive but tasteful

loahing atten burs Her attitmde a Jheate
othe meetingashe greets the

wank you for coming,
Kew tary

sires assured me you would.
ders n auering me i the all
Jpiece of jewelry hasbeen stolen,
me and 1 wis co have it returned and the thief krowghe to me

tribe of Exyptites — oe Grpaies ax the
pasted thio have reason

endeavor hav
toelieve that one ofthe
abyconded with several valuable items Lave peepured a list of the
rnisnng jewels, bu Lexpeet that some of them may have beet sold or
traded by now, One piece in parscalar concems me, for iti an
ancient relic anal! am loath to see

"The item isa gold pectoral

serthed

ormed fromm linked bless i
re who
stots origi, bueits sntispaty

torricare symbols, ft was a it to me fromm my
ual ac eu from is. Lave no

"My luge you this Teavel to the cap of the Toren
cof Egypuies,restieve any of may missing jewelry —especially the gold
pectoral — und return my peoperry andthe dhe me. 1 will reward
you handsomely for your succes and will consider your ste! favors
suitably dicbange.

Sie ads that the Gypaies eft the urea several day ago, bu he
‘doer not hunk they willbe difficult to find. She believes the tribe wag
headed wward Kivastt and the characters should be able ro
tntereept them due tothe tendency of the traveling tlk to top and.

for several das at atime.

IF the characters asisced the peasant earlier, she adds the

‘hope tha your fol indulgence ofthe roublemaker
this evening does nor betoken a softness in your attitude toward
seuing justice done."

(Oo the other hand ifthe characters did nat iaterfere with
Arpad's soldiers, Nova compliments theis winder:

‘could see by your approval of my die
ing upvtats and rebels that you have w proper sense of justice and
‘know that you will do all you

runing jewelry and informing ther that they may spend the day
safely in apecial rooms below the her manoe where he servants ale.
wit ay retainers troughs by the characcers) can guard them, Ifthe
tekelliows pemant was taken into custody by the solders, Arpad
invites the ian (by dismember-
ment) in the courtyard ofthe inn asan example fr the loeals. She
his them for tier lack of mettle they detnur she seems pleased
tf they agree e9 watch her wdaineration of justice.

Some (or all ofthe characters may be Nova's fellow princes: I
leshe acknowledges them aspeincesof their own dornains, abe
makes x clearthat dhe ws establishes asa prince in Transylvania

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

racters to view his painful execs

andone ofthe major proponent ofthe Sicbenbungen —long befoce
they avalon thesceve. They would not even have domains tre
without Nova's early guidance. Furher, hy have ye to try prove
Aerselves Though ot pay steed as such,itoulde clear tht
Nova regards the characters us lee more tut glorified fore
Fhuncers while she herself sa wal princes by

the tebe s under the protec of one ofthe character, 09
ene arms him so long as he the company ofthe yup
icine The pg A Desi. Bons wo Meine,
Tre as acquited un education fu scholar at de local colle ad,
with his knowledge, a growing disatifction at the lot ofthe

samilar fashion. Although he ty innately reveniful of authority, bes:
ah enough ofa ral w acknowiede that le owes hi fe tothe
charntes intervention, Mthey make him a ghoul, he serves them

Aol, of

ln an ld Thegome s
re ra
ae.
> Tobey gol incall hed ath aa daa

t "angen tplatdernaerinni

'

Scene Il: As Evenine wit
THE TRAVELING FoLK

‘The chamcters may spend the day at Nova's manor house and

121 atthe following evening in panei ofthe Toren Cypes The

fediach to Kronstadt pases through aver valley before

Jrthe foothills Jeading tothe Transylvanian Alpx The
city of Kronstadt guard one ofthe passes through the mountain

od foo

Clear signs of the panage of several wayors and many hows
tndicate that dhe characters ate, én fact, going in the tight di
tuon. Ifthe characters have an enclosed carriage, they may sofdy
travel during the day; otherwise, they must confine thet tavel
time to the evening hours and make provisions to take shelter
before each sunrise.

Alter severa daysof rave, the Gypsy campsite comes into view
‘on che outskins of Kronstadt. The carp consists of many en
wagon arranged in a rogh circle ae
senplicte nner die individual agens son E
‘various family units chat make up the tribe. A series of pes sang
between trees provides a pen for the horses; goats, dogs and chickens
‘wander freely within the circle ofthe wagons, rot sraying fom the
protection of the ftelight

Ifthe characters time thetr arrival co take place jus after sunset
{monder to cake advantage of as much ofthe evening ws posable, ter
find te camp bustling withoactivicy. Thesmell of rich few permeates
the at, aloe wit wan and arena inlusbican
Neds the fre, a goup of rausieians play ravcous yt cklly evocative
melodies for thetr own entertainment, About 30 adults snd ball
‘many children make up the Toren tribe.

the odor of is bi



BEHIND Th

The nih whe
srivel with the Totenus—the Ravin on
cdi enh by legge RN ances th
Vedas yy, where

Calipers aa
FEW Rio), Cernig NB a0 1 lee Ni tt
a Vl ata

has ee=nehy refit etmntood de Fost a

BS eicemprepifatenntesinerrar sl
serio Duhat eta once in chon 66 nip. Bet xc
holon * teh Baabeneed Delite, lersuying) he
‘nie mmc! obviate mineess. Ever ean mn
Fedora eo con ps thar hevgong fer
sfaAk ach She diet Reson: him sh aur
elle @ buss robe Aaa Toh

Pelore she Tigi ad VE Beisch,*/
lca vig athe A cieysprince, Nova
Arpt nt Meee ay pg lr ve
uncliaing 0 tag gpl pectoral edema hat
seve it Tpheicapaentl hg nek
to Delibieta, wtcocst pai ove
ins usually biden wide Be ab

Although she 10 Range ponies any mace
ny. Detshict sll rensittfierfbrrane-relling acuity, She
ale ro dati tr

the characters attempt some

uy ack Nowa jewels

coffin jewel menchanee (us hoping ei
Gut Feast weertain which pieces ure sell the Cypmies' pomtesion),
that she caniiog

‘hans, they

Delichictainaseson telling thei fortunes She
allow her people w do business wit unlucky ms
ue 1 ref, sb simply states, These pecple are mer my
a. Yeu deal with we and me alone."
this timo, he irmplicaniom shill be
tht she as dealing with Cainites, the hy
Disminate her, she expends Willpower us
summon Anau: w het aid. If creumstance
fines Anaunsc and rhe othermenofthe bea
the charac
seer that fights amminent

levelop along these
surround
amp f necessary. {Ut

proach a
clearly ready to defend thei

rectly to Seen IV.)
convent (ever Mf just cut of alle
lit» —nowon fara
wa small able
be the back of
seits herself behipal the table nd aks the chanictent
while she shits deck of

corkesny) earner fortunes

und — eacorn them to her wigan, where she |

jaded by trvesarstg panels of evra ee on

the wagen Si

lw agree upon and formulate questi

lange, elaborately decorates! cams
Anytime tat the characters ire

‘opportunity to perceive use deb

clone phy cal proximity tr
(Als scene), they have the
she wears or
Tornoe tt forthe fit tine f their previess attempt failed)

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES |

Taro, snes
sad
reyhve
‘mover seer Tatoe caeds, Dellabiora explain that the earde fest
co reveal an nabs sof

let. She aks ext

oup who wishes to he included in the reading ie

Characters may oe may not be familia with the
the eanisare only making ehet firs appearance in Eurv
fot, a fact, ach leve wideypreadluse forsome time yet. If

thecurtentsof ws, present and
group's) life
rember of the

fleet the events sell
came in the story — be ° ds
movement and possible ev between the character
and their sires, patrons and other elders who conttol thei
actions, Conflict. qun sand dificul
shold be forests Storytellers can
eithersmply describe the fortune ot forsuner without
reat detail
twovided in the sidebar

Alter Dellzbicta has finished relling the eb:
shelooks at them. A look of are und respect

Thishas been a power
forces gathering around you

i, rable Acris
wed for the character
ing a,

may avail themselves af the sample eeadingl)
pea her ta
experience fac sense geal
the cards confirm my
‘plain letelf farther and before ths chat

vere have th mnty to enquite about Nova's jewels, the
Gyper cay ceanthe Inquisition arives busty

SCENE I'V:
INTERRAPTION BY FIRE

The night exp
led by a

Jes with the sound of foofbeats pnd the
pes abu smal uray ot
gure in prteyty robes rides inte che extn

Crtes of "Hlerenes! Heathens! Witches! Diabolo! Pe
your souls to meer the fires of Hell! spew from the at

sseing hele

? ayounted sober

soldier toss tbe tuches ao
tes, Othe
them with enough light no fig
Delichuera
on her free

othe wagons, hoping raset fre

Ue wooden: ser ep had of thein tees 9p

"Help we and vb
suns

ever you want (syours, [weir it!" She thet
protect her mortal kin,

BACKGROUND TO THE ATTACK
Acanall keep justo

for Father Giacomo Ren
sition who has

»,aveltstyled eussionaty fem the lag

m apread the fire of
ated othe eradication of
wo Keep vigilante sa

aid al
‘Alung with a loyal army of kn
vil, Finer Gi
nents ofthe

Sie iimplalonk ae
particuladly eransientssuch as Gypsies

The arvival of the Tocerw faunlly in the region dew ecg

nv of Kronsradeto the ¢
tobuther Giacomo, Tho tale of
Delishiecs aroused his cur
eligi

wity and be called together a group of
svaghts for an attack oo the Gypey cam Hh intention i
‘ capture as many Gypsies as psile (oat least crve he
away from Kronstult) and to vecure evidence of supernatueal ct
deionie elements sociated with the Gyputer


TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES


RWS ss

Al

ERMATH

huracters may emerge
vin ines toescape fom
them ial kel
anes of the Ine

rvenay end up

The knights rake these unéoeninites to thet keep. lanjrbaning
thom in the dungeon where Futher Ghacom questions thet i te
{ngusorial fasion. (Tosco characters reco

Dmbcratanme may experience un ia

‘alenc In extracting information through dhe use cf torture)

SCAPE FROM THE INQUISITION

Thechanocter who cxate Father Glacomrmay need to rescue
<apeed campursos bxfre they peed any father H eliseta
fetal: since they probably anamie that she stale Nova's ewer,
the might wis torturer to Nova an well

he characters have several avira tht shoud ep them
tag fsce. Thott Dish

should lily them goin access to.
Giacomo's church and they will nc be hampered by the element of
nerve or the presence of mounted opponents as they were i the
(Greay camp. OF couse, the growed surtowding the chape! and the
dupe (uel are wnbued with the power of Eth

Any raghta whi wene wounded in ve hatte reste time to

ices can tesiwver from damage mth more quickly

nthenwmne chat ono the chatacters huppencraba piace of
a powiblity Gom Act), she may use het own influence
Aonouse the city'sguardsor ber perronal army —ifshe hanone — for
49 avoul en the church. If Robs (Irom Scene UN) has joined the
haracteo! retinue, he proves adept at inflating the church and
fakes icchear(i asked) that he would ene apysneunity tsa
tock at this syns of auhoricarian ne

Somie probioms require dexpetate vole
specneevef doany omy occupy the charactersforsome time ater th:
9700 of the story teach shee celui
ating the direction taken by the priest and hie

woe to locate the Inquisinots stronghoLd. A character with Auapex
Wight ine hee Heighvened Sensey ability wy siscem the tracks of
sere hones and follne the tracks ro the exhfice. Semve of the
{Grpsteswho were not setually ighting may have noticed which way
fhe hand of knights wens. Several people in Krona knw where
the church is and mught be permed to tel the characters

‘The Storyteller should ullow charsecer a reasonable chance to

Jin the rescue they fil comake the arempy, the imprisoned
kiamcter should have wn opportanany (hough severe lime by
ther stacion) ro effect cheit own escape If Pelishieta i te cnly
Grinite capnired and the characters choose nat to resene her,
Aesctas comes to her aid eventually, but the chatacters then have
chance to recover the pacer, If this the case, yo t0 Scene V
tad wat the seustion as any cater failure, Should the characters
emmunicate thetr desire fo acquite the pectoral 9
fught promise to give i to thern in exchange forthe character
tareacing Delobieta, (The characters woul] he wise tv apt in
ful ind stake hands on the deal, since Anawtae feels re over
shelningnecesity tokeep an vath given tonen-Gypsiesuntest
uke hie fallow anclent cuscoers 10 awure his truthfulness.)

Wiry THe Cnaracters Can't Win
‘Wharever horpoasii chert cannot achieve ttl
success here. Ther mapretiem wife exer, they might
recover two opheyficces of jeweley, bul tythng elo han
esa ppssare wa the dlecinig Gryprings wlio Rae (Rip » tine)
otras be Foe ty, Files colestekey seesecperd
scam Ane and eli dr fi ck
Nowa ahs ah ie 16 prety wart cai pile
Medline Beef Choi Cac liter eescrbeing der:
While Dolch vein wo hart these acsery Met
‘Rasher fellow Cpe =A
coesueh Nine ition Apa, (aC Ratig se
abour livia either hc ot DUCHi ey me isa)
Ihe peers lice ld Diseiptiney ho) eiging thal
enigSseaallpw thie ipemeaTe iy pola —
Sings the Stanger HAS ornate eich
coinage Mie kiteeadlos). tha! hava
fH hn EA ROT hte she
cha tere dba einen 9 the pashan bow
{islet erly elf ai he
their pra Im le 5 (ow Give Sr the sucrra
ws) oP be beamed. broil Novae 10 the
‘iter ahca gayest chats
tery want ro peo et comENET, epi thcrlmes ana

Anaerctmusteseape the tuete tispensie that
‘or neet himefoee the artack und dkeiwerttuche bthe thief they seek
Te

Deeishita oi i he perceives tha
they helped defend the Gipies, she repays ther, ving thew the
pectoral they request 1 from her. She denies having stolen stan,
although therm tealees where Aractazacire

the chetncter The rar of Se

shedhes noe betray

tHe survivor ofthe uttack (Thise
veho got away are nowhere to be Found.) The characte may be able
«ccevera few ieces (one beacelet and the brooch) fthey sear the
Untear they make a tharoush seach, ther only rettewe the pectcral

With only a partial success (xt bes) th

edt the hut

tetsshould nawarrangero meet with Now Arpad aneeportom theie

imboton, Needles to sy she 6 ot entirely pleased wich the rel, I

they recoveted the pectoral, she he, but does not
ein the thet, Nowamakes
oo well ato thelr sees

Tue Pecrorat

the hey wed translane te cay tat in Act they wl beable

1 hae fea hey foe es ner Thi sal ey
same be fogiten or reer y my brethren. Fram within my en
destruction, | sh fasten my sce Npon those ho Won Seth my
sxaieddesny for hemucucs, Lo, le hen be wary, for Ihave sce
the nfl of face. shal come ayn when a tne nigh

DARK TIDES FALLING


RWS ss

Al

ERMATH

huracters may emerge
vin ines toescape fom
them ial kel
anes of the Ine

rvenay end up

The knights rake these unéoeninites to thet keep. lanjrbaning
thom in the dungeon where Futher Ghacom questions thet i te
{ngusorial fasion. (Tosco characters reco

Dmbcratanme may experience un ia

‘alenc In extracting information through dhe use cf torture)

SCAPE FROM THE INQUISITION

Thechanocter who cxate Father Glacomrmay need to rescue
<apeed campursos bxfre they peed any father H eliseta
fetal: since they probably anamie that she stale Nova's ewer,
the might wis torturer to Nova an well

he characters have several avira tht shoud ep them
tag fsce. Thott Dish

should lily them goin access to.
Giacomo's church and they will nc be hampered by the element of
nerve or the presence of mounted opponents as they were i the
(Greay camp. OF couse, the growed surtowding the chape! and the
dupe (uel are wnbued with the power of Eth

Any raghta whi wene wounded in ve hatte reste time to

ices can tesiwver from damage mth more quickly

nthenwmne chat ono the chatacters huppencraba piace of
a powiblity Gom Act), she may use het own influence
Aonouse the city'sguardsor ber perronal army —ifshe hanone — for
49 avoul en the church. If Robs (Irom Scene UN) has joined the
haracteo! retinue, he proves adept at inflating the church and
fakes icchear(i asked) that he would ene apysneunity tsa
tock at this syns of auhoricarian ne

Somie probioms require dexpetate vole
specneevef doany omy occupy the charactersforsome time ater th:
9700 of the story teach shee celui
ating the direction taken by the priest and hie

woe to locate the Inquisinots stronghoLd. A character with Auapex
Wight ine hee Heighvened Sensey ability wy siscem the tracks of
sere hones and follne the tracks ro the exhfice. Semve of the
{Grpsteswho were not setually ighting may have noticed which way
fhe hand of knights wens. Several people in Krona knw where
the church is and mught be permed to tel the characters

‘The Storyteller should ullow charsecer a reasonable chance to

Jin the rescue they fil comake the arempy, the imprisoned
kiamcter should have wn opportanany (hough severe lime by
ther stacion) ro effect cheit own escape If Pelishieta i te cnly
Grinite capnired and the characters choose nat to resene her,
Aesctas comes to her aid eventually, but the chatacters then have
chance to recover the pacer, If this the case, yo t0 Scene V
tad wat the seustion as any cater failure, Should the characters
emmunicate thetr desire fo acquite the pectoral 9
fught promise to give i to thern in exchange forthe character
tareacing Delobieta, (The characters woul] he wise tv apt in
ful ind stake hands on the deal, since Anawtae feels re over
shelningnecesity tokeep an vath given tonen-Gypsiesuntest
uke hie fallow anclent cuscoers 10 awure his truthfulness.)

Wiry THe Cnaracters Can't Win
‘Wharever horpoasii chert cannot achieve ttl
success here. Ther mapretiem wife exer, they might
recover two opheyficces of jeweley, bul tythng elo han
esa ppssare wa the dlecinig Gryprings wlio Rae (Rip » tine)
otras be Foe ty, Files colestekey seesecperd
scam Ane and eli dr fi ck
Nowa ahs ah ie 16 prety wart cai pile
Medline Beef Choi Cac liter eescrbeing der:
While Dolch vein wo hart these acsery Met
‘Rasher fellow Cpe =A
coesueh Nine ition Apa, (aC Ratig se
abour livia either hc ot DUCHi ey me isa)
Ihe peers lice ld Diseiptiney ho) eiging thal
enigSseaallpw thie ipemeaTe iy pola —
Sings the Stanger HAS ornate eich
coinage Mie kiteeadlos). tha! hava
fH hn EA ROT hte she
cha tere dba einen 9 the pashan bow
{islet erly elf ai he
their pra Im le 5 (ow Give Sr the sucrra
ws) oP be beamed. broil Novae 10 the
‘iter ahca gayest chats
tery want ro peo et comENET, epi thcrlmes ana

Anaerctmusteseape the tuete tispensie that
‘or neet himefoee the artack und dkeiwerttuche bthe thief they seek
Te

Deeishita oi i he perceives tha
they helped defend the Gipies, she repays ther, ving thew the
pectoral they request 1 from her. She denies having stolen stan,
although therm tealees where Aractazacire

the chetncter The rar of Se

shedhes noe betray

tHe survivor ofthe uttack (Thise
veho got away are nowhere to be Found.) The characte may be able
«ccevera few ieces (one beacelet and the brooch) fthey sear the
Untear they make a tharoush seach, ther only rettewe the pectcral

With only a partial success (xt bes) th

edt the hut

tetsshould nawarrangero meet with Now Arpad aneeportom theie

imboton, Needles to sy she 6 ot entirely pleased wich the rel, I

they recoveted the pectoral, she he, but does not
ein the thet, Nowamakes
oo well ato thelr sees

Tue Pecrorat

the hey wed translane te cay tat in Act they wl beable

1 hae fea hey foe es ner Thi sal ey
same be fogiten or reer y my brethren. Fram within my en
destruction, | sh fasten my sce Npon those ho Won Seth my
sxaieddesny for hemucucs, Lo, le hen be wary, for Ihave sce
the nfl of face. shal come ayn when a tne nigh

DARK TIDES FALLING


Faruer Giacomo Renzo, INquisttor
A member of the
Seeing the ia

ninicana, Father Giacomo eagerly
fone of ty fresvet agents,

ol much of Chute (utd
acthon to the teal mision of the
ived peemasion from his supe

tition and beca
ting that character
Inquiniconial) politi

Inquitnon, he requested und re

first Inguisitors to establih
‘even

Natures Fant
Demeanor:fadge

Physical: Strcrath 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Socials Churisms 3, Manipulation 2, Appeneance 2

Menta Perception 3. Inelligenie 2, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 2, Bowl 2, Dadge {, Intimate (Iotetrozation) 4
‘Stiles Exiquscte 2, Herbalian 1, Metce ty Ride 9

Knowledges: Acatemics (Theology) 4, Law 1, Languinticy (Latin
Hungatian) 2, Occule 3

Nun Fuh
lachyrounde: Allies (knights 5, Iniuesice (Kronstade) 2, Resouroes?
Virtues: Conscience 4, Sol Contr 4; Courage 5

Road (Vie Humanitatis): 9

Willpower: 9

te the has.

Image: Fathi Ciicomo stands just vice si fee all, His stark
feanutes and gaunt figure tea to a ile of selédedial. He we

the robes of his Dominican order over chain mail in hatte: He
hat thinning, brown hatt and intenve dark-brown eyes, Father
acon a rd esticn:
se his words. He Us in his

sonlys pacing wlyen be speak
fine with hs handy to etnpls
tid 30s

Roleplayi we fnund int rue eal here hy the
‘ildveneut of Trsherlvania. While your

and France vese secure anid f

hers tt Italy, Spit
nila yerrousilings, you seliber
ately seek t place yourvel on the frane lines of the war against
rem, trusted

evil. The stench of demans surrounds you and

Lniahts. Only your faith allows you to prev

Giicomo's KNIGHTS
Physicals Sirength 5, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
‘Social: Chari 1, Manipulation 1, Appreseance 2
Mental: Perception 2, tnitelligeice 2, Wits 3
Talentss Alervess 2, Banwl 2, Dixkge 2, Leadersh
Skills: Anhery 2, eaguette L, Melee 3, Rie 3
Ceeule 1 Senesehl 1

Road (Via Huumanitatiss 8 (9 for thove with Tewe Faith 1)
Willpower: 7
Images Strong and fence 4a min, sights wea good eh
ev flames embroiered on the front

vafoet under helmets and mest

ana tarde with enosses
wear theichair cut sheet for
of thers are beanded
Romn and bret tn fight heveay and il, yous
ichearvedly invo battle. You fight hurd yeu
for Gost

Scene V

CINWELCOM

Lthistien

Meiosch (nt het primary haves)
greets chet expeccantly, barely gomg thiowgh the mations of
pallte conversation before demanding to know the o
theit mission for her

Partin. Success

pieces of jemelry, Nowa quickly takes porsession of the items with
2 perfunctory neal of thanks

"Lev, however, that you failed i recover the scoundrel who
tme- 1 um disippointed both en yon and in
‘2104 azsurancesof your capability I robvious tome char owe rut

6 aotely misplaced. My servants have the payment you

oc che hitle you have done. You may collect it from them
‘as you leave, Go, ners, before f yor are ty guests and
7) fellow princi

The characters may caller ore Libram in silver eich on

theit way out. Though the equivalent of x fortune to peasant
(oho rarely 2 Ihacter instead),
to the churacters i highly inaulting —espect
ate tables,

nak these fo

(once

insandu ler such «sam

y any of them

Habre eliiaciess ptadive a
‘orture), she feels much moee yenerous, though 9
‘oot everything was recovered Thoud
‘coward the characters and offers them five Librum each (nota
fortune. thus oot nauper's sowes, et
tyr dhe does not conaider the debe

).she makes it clear ther

cuits owe paid —alterall,
they alidn's being hack oll the jewelry, She explains much mere
loudly ta thei sites, who likely take tt ation the charneters te the:
jnext available opportuntey

Crrrer Faia

lhe characters failtorecovereven the pectoral, Novabetms
the meske has so lng held in cheek. (See Transylvania by Night
Infemation of the pucnliry bad inoeiynekine of
AnpnL) Although sbe does not suecumé to frenzy, she screams
vitupenations ac the characters for their tual inconpecence
sok! Whar sect af yp
ites sbatsn andl how evuld they ever have conceived that vou
niortal gift you recetyed|
my presence immediately and count sourvelves fortunate that
eam leave with your unlives!* (Needless to say, there will he
no recompense for the characters
thetepsiran,)

"You wectehed whelps did yout

were worthy of the om them? Lew

woking this teacth faa

rete hemes ta ick
in together
seen though. They maj
speculate on the ligger implications ifthe events taking place ll
-eof Robi should make thes
sings addressed by Lcitaure beginning
hoyne

The characters ate now free to
thelr woiunds (both physte

toeompare notes on whut they have just

tnd ernceional) ort reer

around thes. Gereaialy, eae pre

aware that the peut

to find resonance cloner
The 70

carptic prophectes, omens anil fortunes chat have plagued them

since their fst encounters with Anatole and his companion,

als ottconpt iraaké seiner che vinta


in Sete VIL
Scene VI: THe Propet



Jucin your posession « hook that purport ro roveal che resting
faze of the Ancient Termisce whose hood flows in all the
‘embers of my cla. believe this tome i¢ called the Book ofthe
Lind, Ifyou would be so kind as to search our this book and d
Information it contains, you may accompany me and mys:
funds... chat place, There we car partake of the vitue of ane
ofthe Antediluvians and scrikea decisive blow against those who
have for 0 long mowed ws like pieces on a yamebo

ions abr te fa at the chacneters would
‘ofpeose such a seheme despite everything they have been thre
hetakes 9 diferent approach:

"Tharehad much time to recansidet my unfortunate action,

that led 10 the death of my sire, nt you kn
inpielf nightly since that rime, wishing lc

{uldeed, Bur t cannot. There is however, ene thing } can do, |
have heed suniesthut ee narareful Cainites —anarehs,
they call thewselves — search for the testing place of the
Ancient founder of ray clan, When they find (ty and 1 have
fearon wo believe th cirsearch, they will
chen J tothe one wh

<7 will ewcceed i
te to dounto bin eves cated
ine. L would like to prevent thar; Lam willing 1 give my own

unl, ff nccesary to protect the Aucient

*Unfortunately, | do not have the means of locating his
resting place. [have heard that one of you has in your postersiom
‘hook thae purport reveal the lace of the T
Auadilacian. Ubelieve thie tome i called the Rk of the Las
M you could re he knowledge of he resting
place, we could teavel there and make preparations to prevent
Although the characters my not realize i one of them
quired the library alan with her peinicedom je Act
I) does, in fact, possess a ook entitled Libram Terram. Within,
its pager lies information painting to an old church Inv the
Gapathians, neaea fortress now abandaned and gone ta ruin A,
erypne parsige cefers wo chic "great beast who lies an slumber
unholy altar surrounded by his native soil."

jove fromm the ba
hing place"

hoover

ytelfer should malee it pessible (though i might he

he bouk Hes in u liboiry nuw inaceessible to the
ue to hes lose of het fet ot city) for the

aevieve the value. fe
Joestion well enough for ¢

Jn fact, describe the chutel and its
acters faniliar with the region eo

The chatsetets should realize that this ts what Octavio
Alleded to in his mos recent propluecy and that both Anatole
sn Delisbtetn foresaw the characters' Involvement in the at-
fem head af the Teimisce ¢
tu javolve themselves #
They have the opp

Aeeping founder ot t0 tn thove who wish

scate th in. How they chowme

mans nthe hands of the characters
attempt either to protect the

jiablerize him
cory he tells them),
to the church. If, bow.

I they believe Dragamir (whicheves
he accompanies thi
ver they le co him and either ditect him wrangly or ele state
thar they eannor find the book, he pretends to leave and then
follows diem as ehey umwitsingly lea him (and his fiends) to
theis rendesvins with destiny
Shoilld the chetaccen date
fe not Involved tn this eveat. So

won thedt jo

character,
nivex of Clan Tzimisce slew the founder of
ss will know they might have prevented

toea chut radical C
theirclan. The charac

this or heneficed by it, bur choie ingerion instead, For them, thi
portion of the story Is over. The Storyteller should feel free ti
reduce the experience gained by th reflect theit ack

ve, Ifthe system in Chapt 1d for herween:

he rene of this story assumes the characters do accompany
und involve themselves in these even

SCENE VII THe BETRAYAL

In this scene, the characters have the opportunity to pastel

pate in one ofthe pivotal events of Cainiceh
diablorts af the Teimixce Antedil
formation 0

the haginminge ofthe
that eventuully lead to the Anurch Revolt und the
woth the Camantta and the Sabbat

‘Suorycellers might wish to become familiar with the acs
of this event as described in Lambach's entry sn Children of the
Tnquisition. In brief, (om thar account, clear that the actun
Antediluvian did not vtles the same fare ashis Lasomnbra counter:
‘par, but used his powers to convince his upstart childer that they
succeeded in. de in this
‘irtempt — either as eager participants or as failed defenders —the
‘characters should believe that the duablecie was wccesful

Since tin likely that players ate peey tothe real information,
Storytellers may want to rernind them of the difference beeween
player knowledge and character knowledge. All you cheaters wha
are reading thisand sll incend to play need tobear that in mind
aswell,

Tie JOURNEY

Traveling from their current location to the church where
the Teimusce Antediluyian sleeps should rake several nights, sft
reveral weeks. The Storyteller should describe ani arduous ttek
high into the Carpathian Mountainn. If Drayomir accompanies

the characters, he attempts to keep thei spirits up and continues
to probe thet ms to their wurability o join his Anarch alles

fhe is following them without theit knowlege, he vemine
undetected until he ts certain that he knows whete they are
fing, Then he pushes himvelf to arrive there ahead of the
characters

DESTINATION
The Book ofthe Land mentions the monastery of Setnog nd
the *waiting beast entombed within its ruined halls," which lie ar
me the town of Seog, between two spurt of the eater
(Carpathians: Maps ofthe area show the town, but not the moma
‘ery. Sull its pomible to zavel to Serriog, have the way ta the
‘monastery pointed out by locals and climb the 1.236 broken,
winding steps up wo Seraiog Monastery. The stcuccute lies high
atop above the tree line. An abandoned fortress loons
rmenacinghy, its blackened walls forming «dark skeleton against
the sky, a shell of a building open to the stars, Atachied to the
fortress san ancient cathedral, ostenshly n better comsitiom but
‘oless sinister chan is eampanion buildin. Lang apo desecrated
the land sround the monastery cathedral no longer qualifies a+
haly ground Cainitea may ead upon the premisee wth impunity.
(The Storytetet may requite curacters to make Willpower rll
anyway simply to gather up the courage to atcemp to sex foot

inside the building.)
DIRK TIDES FALUNG



sly decompening cenmains of the greatest of the Fiend. The actual
Ferpetrators (include Deagomic}, have slresdy departed hastily
nay believe they have fale

cle frm somewhere srithin the dar, glooeny and seemingly
dered chu everywhere and
nowhere at

ber. A voice hat seems come
18 whispers

Fools, these childer.{ hive seen your wctiins in this, andl you
ell ice yo i red The chaacters cain
uke ofthis what ehey wll

Tre Decoys

This grup

of a tro of Talacearacha who hav offered
nnd dy te characters whewe directions erubled the
ition, several ghouls have
choice but toyive thet lives

heen concrpeet inno the battle, haviny
Inthe service of their Ch

Ninru-Gei
Physical 5
Socials Charen
Mental: Perception 3, Inelligence
Talentst Alero 4 Bexwl 3, Dake 3, Inclaiation 2
Sil: Melee 3, Seah 4, Survival 2

Keowledgest Linguini 1, Occult 3

Dintplines: Antialian 2. Aus 3, Vicia 4
Viewer: Callousnessi
Merle) Courage +
Road (various): 5
Wipers

Roleplaying Notes: Yourcause wgreaterthan you. Youplay your pare
because you beleve that this the only way you and yout leetbten

ERATION FANARCHS

ucience 3, Instinces/SelfConerol 4,

‘an peevall
pected Notas Thi doubled viatceasWellaatheR
‘atatocs among individuals, io muy follow dies
for poses the Viewcs appsopriate fc thon paths

Guouts

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 2

targrelect the
nc vive and thete-

ma |, Manipulath pearance |
eption 3, tntellgence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, raw) 2, Daadye 2

Skills Melee 3, Stealth 3

Viewsnude 1. Potence !

Willpower: 6

Blood Pool: 2 (each we of Discipline fexcep
Blood Point, which cannot be eplenished)

Tre GUARDIANS

‘The Teimisce elders guandes by asenall army of servicer gh
Including several lobotosiaed warttors called sels. The Seary
teller should adjust numbers to presenta strenuous challenge fc the
characters, yecallow a reasonable chance for the majority of them t
survive to finish the sory

SZLACHTA
Physical Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5
Socials Charuna 1, Macipulaion 1, Appearance 0
Meal: Perception 5, Incllgeice 2, Wis 3
Talent: Alernes 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dsige2
‘Skills: Melee 1, Stealth 3, Tracking 2
Disciplines: Fortitude 1, Potence 1
Willpower: +
‘More information on these hore can be fond in Libellus
Sanguinis Is Masters of the State and Ghouls: Fatal Addeton
Dependlingonthechanictes‘actons,they may be poisedon the
‘brink of joining the Anarch Movement or become entrenched in «
moe uadiional stance. There is de diinct omy thae sume
characters may join one side and some the other. Such leanings
should be encouraged asst creates father oppoen
teeplayiegmclheesactho among the hitasem daring the eon
thechronicle. Kany churacter participated inthe Jab, they
‘now Wish to go after their own sires, who have, after all, been rather
‘cruel and unreasonable to them Should che players conceive reaum:
uuble plans for diablectzing their sires. they should have a chance co do
so. Nouble exceptions to thirare Vencel Rika (who carnal
dlablerie a he survives long past this date) and any other Cainites
derailed in Transylvania by Night whose specitc destinies precluse
thee dying in cis fashion,
Of coune, the Seorytelier may choose to change wharewerhe likes

EPILOGUE

Within the next few years, the candles lit from the sparks of
rebellion burst into a contlagration that changes Cainite society
forever. When next the chanicters continue in the Transylvania
‘Chronicles, they must male choices which may govern the disetion,
their unlives take i. the coming centuries: There remaizt yet six
‘unduclosed signs pointing to the ultimate canilic that treater £0
‘engulf te world. Ir remains tobe seen if che characters ction can
transform Gehenna inte anything lese than toeal annihilation,

the, rasa ex (Go now, for the Mass hay enced)

— Thr Ondinary of the Mace

Finis

roforaivanced

DARK TIDES FALUNG



The theee acts of Wack Gites Rising por
feay mearmy of the chacacters feor
Teoneyleania by Vight if you cequive rece
inloermation on a chacacter not presented
here Ge. your characters voant tokillsoreorse
foe vohorn there ace no Teaits itt this book)

celer to Teansyfearia The folloveirig surr-
tries describe the major players in the
beginning chapters of the chronicle

|
|

_—


DRAMATIS
PERSONAE

GANGREL

Mirra tHe HUNTER,
PRINCE OF KLAUSENBURG

pons he needed ta defend rhe village where he was born
and. crafe

lowly developing

for the Embrace beeause of his fierce
of Transylvania. Through his eatly lie,

his amity struggled, ana

‘axes inpored by aservant af Nava
Ulinds of the gous
Siekler overlord. By day, his family w

1 Into pover
produced wete sent co the estate of the

bled dry. The local
dhe fares of the

ich serfs, two:

Armad's servants,

puyivania barred thelt doors
moonlight disturbed theit
nted, Mitra began to explore
forens surrounding Napoea, When ut las he came upon
vuehold, he discovered the truth hebnd the mimors. He

shed her ttue nature: The undead vimmpyr enjoyed great

and windows. Horrific sounds o

leepamd fed chet nightmares.
the dark

A imtns This land ip yours and you wilh

thas always belonged to you and

wealth whale exploiting the serfs of her dom

ut people. Siace the nights of

Thun, he stalled the heart that had preyed
alved 19 arrows tay th

cospor. When Arnulf heard of this lege
Mitru received an unholy reward: his ba

aceful Dacinand the,

thts dma ey pleased. ¥
Transylvania in life, and the E
id seals

Haven: Any patch of the mvitical

accompli

t0 redouble you

Now,os the prince of Napa, Mittu is fanatic abou gusnding

for the land at a whole than any single location,

Ws domain from other supecratural threats. He truss in himself :

ut be in ubready ge spiciow of the beliefs of the other

aber the ways of politics. The treachery of diplom

clan. Mitra bas become especially way of his sire's
tens of culling the populace of the ct

pleasure for him. fn fact, he 1s t00 honest an en
his a

The prince of Napoca often hunts peey inthe woods outside

alliance. Count Flotescu, the ker of nearby domain

city, hut occasionally, he finds a mortal who seem
il Silently, Mitru will harry the prospective ser

. fhasalready begun to manipulate hit against exaggerated threat

unt through bis lands to test th ctal's abilities. Those who fight Influence: No one questi iy. In fact, hie
with great putsance are Embraced; those who run are destroyed. In Sas bens: tatoos dire —
he same manner, be tet those who pase theoagh his domain with P2singtheoweh his realm. Outside these ln, he ho» staumch

fire and clothyard shafts. With the itincts of a predator, alliance with Marusca and Radu, two ofthe other Transylvinian
uineatns order in hie violent domain, P

fage: Miiza's nends ave simple; sod loge ta seralghefoe Destiny: The desperate often become wht they despise

ward. He eually wears. long divk, woolen coat, afaded dhirtand ost. Arnulf was heytual and violent. By faltering on the Road of
reschinn, labough Ihe besides ieee etion Bo li his the Beant, Mitry eventually succumbe to the same doses. I
prey. His thick boots cary earth from lands throughoue place of abarharian king, he sershimyelfina position of absolute

king him somewhat arrogant, but without this velfconfi- _echoingthe ers ofthe epic Gangrel princes who roanced the dak
lence, he would perish, lands beyond the forest cent 0. In the process, however

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

Ew 2==5°3

a forms bon of blood to hel him forther this gl, By the mi:
fiftenth century, the pack he gathers around him maybe the only
precaution that saves his ftom becoming an uncaring tyeant

‘Nature: Farsanic
Demeanor: Defender

‘Apparent Age: eatly 20:
Physical: Strength 4, Desterity 4, Stamina 4

Socials Charisma 2. Manipulation 2, Act

Mental: Pexception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talenst Acting 3, Aleriness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 4, Melee 3,8

Knomledgea: Investigition 2, Oecule2

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Colerty 3, Fortitude 3, Proveur 3
Backgrounds: Herd 3, Influence !, Mentor 4, Retainers 1, Seats 2
Virewes: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Road: Hursanity 4

Willpower: §

Tinerta,
Rapu's Mes

[Notutet Survivur
Demeanor: Loner

Apparent Age

After the ¥ u chose to serve
Arnulf, the Gangrel Inconnw who sited Mitty and dozens of
other Gangrel throughout Eastern Burope: Once, Teanaglvaiia
run by invading barbat
Jan ribes. Thus is the way most Gangrel remember the volwoslate
—brutal and violent.

jer death of his site, Tiber

syst an uncivilized land comeantly ow

Dy chen of the 12¢h centuieys Arnulf and hie moce erwed

thildee were ashamed, for the cities of Transylvania were en:
Eroaching upon the wilderness. For che humans, survival
depended on the gloriousnehieve:
ments of feral erearutes. Amulf'e childer spread throughout the
Jand, waiting for the day whe

ns returned.

werbeeedingand farming,

he vittesof the Ease would be lid

layed ae part ofa campaign aginst the

Jt, With eypical Gangrel fury, Armol's

vd the packs of wolves in the

ltr x hl overlooking the

skilled at commanding these packs that the

Caines residing uo the werlovking the city (Zelio the

Master Mason and Matusca, his newly created chile) never
acovered the tactician beliindtheve assault

mortal city
pewrst py
town. He was

Tiberi was feartul of retribution from Zeliox. When the

won'e childe, Marusca, eventually killed the Enster.
Joed who wan w istuable lee cule, Tibesin'sfeat inerenned. Radu
offered Tibesiu sanctuary 4s he plotted his neat scheme, When

news of the Ca
Radu dec n-to jon the council. In doing 49, he
would keep his scaunchest ally close and his enemies closer
Thus, he would learn far more than if he simply waged war
vigainar them,

ded to

‘Through Radu's politicking, Tiberiu became the mesenger

erween the seven domains. As the athe

pected Tiberia's past, the Gangrel w
done OF the nther princes

that Tiberi had since declared a Blo

unaware that the messuses carr

able 10 mak
4 Oath to Radu. They wete
tactow the dark foresre were
often relayed to Radu later. Thel
Tibertu is still informed of
of the Cainite princes

WALFAR
Suh generation, chikde of Mira
Natures Tra
Demesnor: Conforms
Eaace:
Apparent Age: 17
‘Wolla as born und raised in Klausenbur Soo
Hoisting hit

anspiracy continues, and
nany of the most important ec ions

Quickly moved toward the forest's ed
wolf with glowing ted eyes. He dropped the

1 husdhagger, his

ni jaws agape. He alashed ar the creature's belly,

opening Jagged wounds. Somehow, che wolf fated co ubine tir
To his
bye laoghing at hin

mouth on his chroat anil he threw the beast aside
sh Ihorvor, the wolf seemed
Ashe watched, che wolt's wound sealed shut and it advanced on.
him agoin.

w fled. Sporadically throughout

chased him, never quite closing tn on him. slways herding him

the night, the wal

sway from civilization and safety, Just hefore dawn, wher Wall
collapsed from exhaustion, the wolf shimmeted and a man stoc
before him. Telling Wulfar he had done well and was » worthy
son, Mitra the Hunter, Gangre! Prince of Klaueenbung Embraced
the young soodsman.

‘Walla learned what he was and haw to survive an his own,
When he had mastered the bavict, Mit returned and claimed
‘him ay his chile. Now Wuléar hunts by his site's side and tries
to prevent the further encroachment of Wescern civilisation on
Eastern wilderness

Taller than average, with the musculature Ot sn axen
Walfar bas blond hair (which is wually matced with ditt

ned green by grass and leaver) and palesgreen eyes. Hi
fingernails ote permanently extended into claws and he hae
sprouted lon
most people's conceptions of a werewolf chan a vam
wears brown homespuns and leather, and
and a bow and arrows.

ond hair all over his hody. He lacks more like
1. Wallar
anane, ada

‘Wolfar' Traits, ae they relate to Dupke Tides Rising, may he
found i» Chapter Three.

CHARACTERS


LASOMBRA
Lacira

Backgrounul: The daughter of Alfonse | of Aragon, Lucia
grew up privileged but chafed under her responubility to her

per ard furl patricide many times and often

in away. only rah he Aroyonees gusts and return
ver fathe

itl bioelt (asking

ody. Rather than bother wit
todo),
to confession each time, ruscing that God and Charch

1. The fact that her
Aunbrosio Luis Mongada made thishope a vain one

vuld engender penitence in his dau

an indomitable will in young Lucit
and.a fierce independence. These traits — combined with hi
unholy lust for her — convinced the bishap that her Embrace
wis warranted, After talking with athery of his clan, Mongada
‘ded that the Lasombra would greatly benefit from this
dual of high bath
Abierh ch, Luciea'srelatie
was hanly udllic. She struggled
sruaaled with het mortal father

he serves Moncada

Embeace,th hip with her clas
with Monga just as she hac
caving autonomy and freedorn,
da noble
Jw be the power behind the throne of the current
Yea wn che read with hee

who ingpites in Lacita more faith in

ully as diplomat

degenerate Mongada ever could.
Lucita has recently underraken » new training regimen
ural grace uid Ker in this enileavor, and she cx
uasterfully whittle down stronger foes before they manage to
and a single blow upon het. When she «
rowess with her trademark L

ex a certible enemy indee

rough wh Il inthe noble wrt of was. The

peed and na

uucita stall and lithe and bas adusky, cl

A: hair like many people of Spanish

Mootis 1 her features. She

ath of a noblewoman,

1 MO), by

ten dark and somber fairs that favor ease of movement rather
scully presencability

ical tone
set, but there tnfluen
ally wears than thar of a

searcior (nurprise 4s het prefe these clothes ate

Roleplaying Hints: Yout patrician birth and upbringing

silty and carsiage. As « diplomat

and kingmaker, you serve Mongada, hut you also serve yourslt
gh youate learning warfate, you moxt often succeed through
sondangustanions, Your chttse ss beat sacistied by
ds, Let

nto unything you don't want tod

raveling to distant ‘one tie you down of force you

Haven: Wherever is convenient along the road

4 Aragon. She also hears cu

pertaining to the court

fromm others of her clan. She is

tera astern E faact Mongada's will n actual

ding Anatole in one of his endeavors

Iafuenc flucnce encompames the oo

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

Destiny: Leica becom
thor, rival
As the A\

whes, Lucia abstains from both seets, becom

he Eastern Aas

ole ensues and the Sabbat foxms h

Darkness
Clans Lasombra
Sire: Amb:

Nature: Rebel

uy Lals Mongad

Demeanor: Defender
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1190
Apparent A;
Physical: Strength 2, Destetity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charinins 4, Manip
Mental: Perceotto lieence 2. Wits
Talents: Accing 2, Benwl 2, Deak
Subterfuge
Skills: Arche
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 1. Inv

Disciplines: Celerity |

Backgrounds: Al

Vietuer oh 2 Cowen


MALKAVIAN

Octavio,
Tue Voice or Kupana

Hangity

tour paid him etle herd. After
xl what he was sai

advil
re. Time passed and C

acts, culenacing us the seaking
vio found hirmself

call and well cow

Jaim dominion over the
retell Kupala's awaken)

Meanwhile, you have decide! to hecome

ouch holy miracles

Clan: Mall

Siret M
Natore:
Dem

Generation: 6th

Embs
Apparent 4
Physical: S:
Soctals Ch

Mental: Percept

ah 4, Dexter
na 4, M.

Incelligence 3, Wit

Stealth


2 Hearth Wisdom 4, Linguistics (Latin, Hungaris
Oceule 4, Philosophy 2, Poliics 1

Disciplines: Auipex 6, Dementation 6, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 2
Poence 3, Presence §

Backgrounds: Herd 3, influence 3, Retainer

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 2, Cournge

Road: Devil 8

Willpower: ?

ANATOLE

Background: Bern ro the wife of a captain of the guard in
Paris, Anatole spent hiv childhood watching soldiers and guuede
rien Ie of little wonder that he became a guardaman with the city
watch. Bur the Lord works in mysterious ways and this i ua
larly rue concetninyg Anatole, He was born under a blue moon (the

full con iramonth's time), andthe tdal pull that moon

ays seemed to call to the blood within him, While sill
young, Anatole became fascinated with the Church, Although he
\was destined for the life ofa guardoman, his devout natuce had great
influence on his soul — and his Embrace

Pierre Mmbecile, also a devour soul, chose Anatole for his
ability eo1ee the movements of God on Earth. Prette Embraced the
young man and explained that Anatole' tole was to prove that
ainites serve God's purpomes. Pierre then abandoned his child

him to Become Gual's agent, Auatute opens much of his
me in contemplation of the Cainite's place in God's world as 0
result. His Derangement, a tendency for random hallucinations,
ten. causes hum co see symbols, people and objects that do not
exist chough to Anatole chese visions are quite real and reveal Havens Wherever
x's prevence. The exice powers this Malkavian neon
sesses are unknown, but he has been known to repel Caintes by
alling out to angels stom be sees in his fructuted ming.

The young Cainite has also picked wo appreciable sill with a
sword and shield, which makes him quite physically adepe when

bined with his impressive aray of Discip
utho observe his uctions are concerned chat a dispro
raumber of his Disciplines do not fall within the peo

one the voads of Dark Medieval E
Secrets: Anatole has apeclal pow J by God. The
Lord teaches hi to perforin certain miracles that tesemleCainie
vilenes
Influence: The Malkaviaa t

# immediate followers
DMatkavian clan. As to sehere he learns them, Anacole isn't telling Destiny: Ansitole undergos fe
Anatole typically keepe the company of the Lasombea Lucita, daring which he believes Clod dahon
acting a a strong eight atm to her as they move through Duck Varariies, He entereatne cis bche Imost a century, hich
Medieval Europe. He ha also been seen with an entourage of — Yisnirhs
onkclike pilgrims, whom most observers believe to be eather his

pouls or his hen

ty European princes. ahs numerous foes
Involved with the French Revol nd the hay mpsticin i
Image: Anatole has longblondbair,butitistangledand filthy cnigenders. He changee 1
9 the point of forming aceidental dreadlocks. He has fine French ache Jyhad. Afver meet
ras und an aveenge build: 1c looks mrancntas Whe = vogue ty tack of progtess tn ls, ‘Anatole becomes the
snercenaty; he wears piecemeal armor and a squalid tabard scay- recipient ofthe elder Malkavion's visions when Octaie ak
enged fram someone he killed. He caries a ruty, blood-encrwsted —clanmate to diablerise him, With his new po

mvord and frequently has dried blood on his mouth, inhishaleand motivation, Anatole finds himself in the New World, where b
his clothing

spreads the word of Gchenni's sppeosch, eventalhy becom
Roleplaying Hints: Youhave a keen undestanding of the glory kruywnn asthe harbinger of Oeheat

oF Gost He has granted yon divine visions and speaks to you through Clan: Malkavian

ever the moye mundane items. Thanagh ochers sometimes tell yoxthat
the thiogs you see arent rel, you understand that only those blesed
by God can see them. These things explain to you whar yoo must do
* where youneed to go. Belevethem. Trutin the angels whohover __Demeanors Menitent
wer yon they ler thelr uid when you are troubled or beset Generation: 10th

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

Navure: Defereler


Roleplaying Hints: sto
Physicals Serength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4 chaeee cane a patent In sate yoer yivons be

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance ? arc x

Mental Perception 3, lntelligence 2, Wits 4 watching a castle ¢

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, {ntimidation 3, attain the greatest ychleveimen
Leadenhip 2 ach stone must be set with

has no shortage of cnstle
Disciplines: Auipex 2, Celerity 1 Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 2, Porence2
Backgrounds: Herd Retainers 4

Virewes: Conscence 4, Self-Contre

fantresses' defenses.

Secrets: Over th de
hhave hecome much more ¢labora
Roads Heaven 6 there sa pattern to the locations

Willpower: 6 he has "consulted," The spatial

ZELOS stems wrerlie
Tue Master Mason Influences With

Background: Zelioe has gained great renown throughout Ewe. Pathe influence very quickly An any dow

emEsrope for hiscarcerasamastercrafoenaandarchitect.Forover NUNS SN! rsd ata

century after his Embrace in 1020, he traveled chroughout Europe
studying the finest castles bulle by man and the most ingenious
aichitectural wonders devised by the undead. With an eteenity
seemingly ser before him, his unlife's greatest goal has heen the
tmaicery of his craft: Hired by wealthy members of ulmont all of the
clansof Transylvania he s welcome in the courts of Cainite nobility
throsghous both the East and the We

‘here ta teason his work i so pretemnaturally brillant, He has
nsnruitive understanding of omantic and occult princsples
net he ostensibly chooses for thei easily defended ws

scually le on the path of major ley lines. Man

bhis tools. Once his bulwatk of mortals h

Teaver them in place before moving-on ti

semantic enengies

Zellos alo has an encyclopedic: knowledge of secret passagen
and rooms tn the eastles he has swdied and engineered. All too

both the living aru the undead inhabit che same foetrestes
Hiden room, sometimes only accessible to those possessing cr.
tainarcane Disciplines allow the undead to infiltrate the fortresses
ofthe breathing world. Asa humane arste consurned by a asso
for his craft, he has never used this knowledge cv his advancage
Admittedly, though, the temptation has been strong at times,
Throughout the 12th century, he mnintalnsa respected reputation,
not only as-an architectural genius, bur alias a trseworthy and
dependable consultant

Image: Zecs'sakis has become extremely pllidin fact, itis gray
rough to match the colot of astone wall. Hisfeatures ace exceedingly
voypula alent unnaturally x. There isn softness tohis ace, and his
tyes re a dull ray. When deep in thought, his visage tsa stony miak

pwatch the transformation, Relaxation doesnot interest him

of his pasion.


Ean cevesled
nigniticance of his work. A century later. a voyage tw the Fat East
teaches him the ar of feng shui and several other mysteries ofthe

him ylaons tequtted t0 realise the greater

Cothayan vampires. Anuncient Cathayan vempire mencors him
nis legends of the Eastern undead.
Bythe 15th century, Zeionsdemtined toplay amajorrole in the
shai crusades the secret ancieries of Europe: Onderadediated to
eure for punter. antl Zelton holds whom
i be veal co chat grear yam. Despite this, lke many of the
powerful Nosferatu who tried to seize sich occult powersin the 14th
anc Sch cencuries, ne does not realize the force ofhischolaly rivals.
Clans Nosfoe
Sire: Manoa
Natures Archi

Demeanor: In

Cyneeation

Embrace: 1020

Apparent Ages easly 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexteriey 3, St

Socials Charisnt 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance ©

Mental: Perception 5, Ivellqence 4, Wits 3

Talenta: Alertness 4, Dualge 2, Lewlenhip 3, Subtediige 3

Shilla: Ceats (Arclutectute) 6, Stealth 3

Koowledgess Acaiemics 3, Orcult (Ley Lines and Geomancy,
itive) 4, Science (Engineering) +

Disciplines: Animals 1, Auspex 3, Demninute 4, OMiacate 3,
Potence 3

nina 3

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 9, Resnnces 3, Sevan (Fame) 4

Rand: Hunniey 6

Virtues: Conscience 2, SelfCootral 5, Courage 3

Willpower: 6

RAVNos
Awaszraz ToRENG,
THE PHOENIX

Tth generation, childe of frend
Nature: Rogue
Demeanor! Jester
Embesces
Apparent Ages 20

Once: knw a the King of Thisese (sn himealf, st aay
ate), laydor Toreau ed his kumpanis to Eastern: Europe in
earch of anew home for his people, After pulling a clever ruse
ns tival clan, leydor met his "uncle," a legendary Gypsy, who
Embriced the young thief into the Ruyoos clan. lrydor immedi
xiely mae ghouls of all his armpania

Together, he and his ghouls traveled throughout much of
Enter Europe Wherever the group stopped, its members plied

chir trades tina xellery. Leydor
edt

ing folks, then having

ously" locate the item with het fortune-telling skill,

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICU:

When they entered Transylvania, Inydor believed they
hhad found che perfect place for the Gypsies. When that proved
tunceve, he Embraced Delishieca (having never understood that
hhet magical abilities were real) and faked bis on death. He
made an areangement with » Tsimisce who changed Tsydor'y
features using Vieisitude. Later, [rydor rejoined his clin, now
calling himself Anasetas. He sometimes refersto hisisell asthe
Phoenix," a refecence to his rebirth feom the fie in which he
supposedly killed himself. None of the other Gypstes (includ
ing Delttteta) know he ts reall Ixydor.

‘Where Inydor was small and slender with flashing dutk eye,
‘white teeth, dark ckin and shoulder-lengeh curly black bal
Keeps his hair tied hack. His eyes stil twinkle
dark, und he still prefers colorful clothing, Even as Anax
freatest weapons are his charm, clevernes and sense of humar
Though nally cheerful, Anacsta: can hecome deadly when
Delisbieta or his people are threatened.

DeEuzBIETA OF THE Dark Eyes

th genetation, childe of lydor Toren
Nature: Defender
Demeanors Defender
Embraces 1302
Apparent Age: 20
This lovely Gypsy woman of the Toren clan accompanied
hee kumpania to Eastern Europe inthe tate-12th century, lydot
Torenu, a Raynos, traveled with them and led che group
Detsbieta wat his ghoul. She was alo gifted with true mag
having Awakened to her prophetic powers. She acted at 1
fortune:teller for the group, After spending some time in
Constantinople and Buda-Pest, the kaompania scouted ont
she serrtony of Transylvania searching for anew home for thet
people, What appeared to be a paradive cured out co be x
hiightmnate as they moved into the area and were quickly en
slaved. Despite Delicheea pleas not to Hl
seek to end his own unlie

me himvelf, despai

Before leaping into « Samhain fice, Ieyilor Embraced
Delisbiera, making her a Ravnos and destroying hee Avatar. He
charged her with waeching over the Tote
hhisdeach. Despondent over l:ydor'sdeath, De
be the bese guardian the could be. With her help, many of che
Gypsies who hud been enslaved broke ate
ing folk once again. Delisbieta now travels thtoushout
Transylvania with most of her family. She continues ta perform
fortune telling at ight.

Delisbiets is small boned und tiny. Her heart-shaped face
framed by ariotof black curls, and her eyes ate such u dark brown,
that they appear 10 have no pupils. She al colori)
shirts, a peatant-type blouse, « laced vest and u fringed sha
along with several bangles and ozker pieces of jewelry.

Recently, long-lost cousin a the Torenushas rejoined the
lan. Anassraz Torenu isatsos Ravnos. Delisbieta welcomes hist
on another potential guardian for the farily

an, then leaped

ita rewlveder

and became trav


TREMERE

JERVAIS,
Vis Master OF Croris

Teh generation, childe of Malgorzata
Natures Architect
Demeanor: Tyrant
Embraces 1102
Apparent Ages mid-30s

Of mediusn height and build, Jervais has fringe of brown
hint, trim beasd, 4 square-jamed face, and myopie-looking
brown eyes. Though apparently affable, he speaks in the com-
banding tone of a master, and projects Wn air of merce, as
though he holds great power barely leashed. Though bis father
ras merely a senbe for a minor noble, Jervaus furure promived
sreater things due co his magical abilicies. Apprenticed to
Malgorzata of House Teemete, he quickly mastered the sorcerous
sr His rafent for Ine ating and harvescing ets led to his appoint
trent as wis master at Certs, Soon ufter Malgorzata was Embraced,
she bestowed itumortality upon him, He ialoyal ts the Conspira
toe cae, believing (as does his size) chat the Tremere cla
mccess depends upon Embracing all the mages of dhe house us
quickly as possible, Like her, he sees litele prafie in coddling
humans or denying his own desire for more power, He becomes
the characters patron (acting asan agent for Malgorsata) fthey
ste working for the Tremere Conspirator faction. If they are
Working for someone else, Jervais mighe plague them at some
pin While searching for #s near the tower

Errius, Master oF CEoris
tal childe of Tremere

4h generation, now
Natures Unknowa,
Demeanoe: Confcrmist
Embraces 1022
Apparent Ager early 30.
This Swedish Cainite was among the original seven whi,
slongwith Tremere, changed themselves from mages
ual wing Tsimlsce blood, A f
ix (andl some say a tival for Tremete's affect
leads the Conservative faction, those who question the ethics af
Embracing mages against their will, Nonetheless, Eenus is totally
loyal to Tremere und was cesponuible for much ofthe scholarship.
1 the resting place of Saulot. While he uppea
and dangerous than either Iremere or Lerateix, Bis
ind reasonable demeanor cloak & frighteringly
licen intellect and iran deverminacion. As Etris sa 4th genera
tion Cainite and the second most powerful of the Usurpers, it
would be a geave mistake far other Cainites to underestimate hi,
apaing 56" tall andof wveeage weight, Etushas long, tawny
end hair an blue eyes. His fae i slightly tounded. He prefers to

wear the robes of a muge and never removes a golden chain with a
Bcd rad enane set into mal

No seats are given Should the characters attempt
to 0 toe-to-toe with him, they deserve the painful lingering
deaths they receive. Feel fice m give Etrius any Thaumatungiil
[powern and rituals (save those only aynilable to Tremere himself)
hhe may need. His basic uttnbutes ate all 4 or better and he

pomsesses Iron Will

Goratrix, THE BETRAYER

Nature: Unknown
Demeanort Rebel
Embraces 1022
‘Apparent Age: inkd-i0s

Once the master of Ceoris, Goratsix w
seven choven by aly. Infact, Gonatris
reared the ritual. As Tremete's one-time apprentice (along with
Brews, Goracrix's greates rival), Ooracrix was eranted the icra
\iveand important Kingdom of France tw ovcesee. Once thete, he
misused his powers and helped influence the king to destroy the
Templar, For that crime (which fulfilled nn ofthe sigs teading
to Gchenna), Goratrx has been recalled to
before his peers

veces to stand tra
Goratris is above medium height anid af vioemal we
(Cleat shaven, he has dark-brown hate and biavel eyes. His ck i
strong and broad: bys mouth generous. Sone might conuider him
handsome. Dressed lke wnoble of the Feench court, he looks both
formidable and scholarly. Something in the lin
indicates 2 cruel and uncompromising ney

Even in captivity. Goratrix exudes
never lcs anyone forget that he tsa m

feeling of danger. He
ter magus and that he

used to commanding others. The characters win be w\se not e
antagonize him unduly, ax he (s also very inventive (as can be
witnessed in his cteation of both the ritual

Tremere servitors known as gargoyles), Again
coaally free
ters at whim,

combat them, Gorate destroy the charac

TREMERI
Nature Uskoiowe
Demeanoe: Vaties
Embrace: 102:

Apparent Age: Inconiwrene

Once one of the greatest mages ever to live, Tremere, along
with 7 of his followers became Catnites throuh a mavical citual
designed to. grant him immortality. Noving thu other Cainives
rave his fledgling c ved to purthem on
an equal footing by becoming the equal of the other clan
founders: Thi, he diable
of the Salubri and became Srd generatisn, the equrvilent of th
Antediluvians. Thouph he bas slipped in and out of woepor since
that time, Tremere provided for his clan's leadership by appoin
ing his seven first followers to rule ms » coung\l and divide the
‘world among them.

in little respect, he res

ed Saulot, the enigmatic progenitor

CHARACTERS


swuning throughhisbodyh
hyeical body, leaving him,

J without «mouth. His

ine however, dak eyes; Tremere's

nue. Though his fearures appear

ed, us eyes burt with incensiy. A

J with pucte
alld face feveal hi varpii
componed, almunt duinter

pable aves of barely suppressed power crackles ia the att aeound
an whenever he w

pogo ee

around. At th ally
bs ciate sor,
protry much whateverbe
watt Ab am birn can bill
ake him onc of the mow furruidable creatures on
lullenige him (thinking
amet), he armoking piles of ash
* ther alter should convince them otherwise
So potent is Tremere' aura of poyeer thar morrals (inching,
chivul) und ever some younger Caines often feel compelled 10
lus peesence

TZIMISCE

Count Rapa,
PRINCE OF BisTRIA

7th generation, childe of Via
Nature: Auer

ilince sotler Cainite, while bis

migical abit

Demeanor: Callan
Enabesce: [125
Apparent Age: mid:

Since the diyy of ancient Dacia, Rad's family has faithfully
setved the Tsimisce clan. [n the year 1110, he elawesl his way out
(his other's womb us reveniane. Through ineightand talent, he
onan the eftore

00 the West. His
young diplomat wo
Whee the

funlal lord, Radu Was chon a8
ister believed the brilliant
J efficionely supply him with inform
snttue wanted to estab-
in Transylvania dnd 6

nant feanned that che
ive him the Embrace s0 that be eould
re the council. Radu skillfully played potential princes
ayatust each other, enyuring himself w ponition among the nulers

na with dhe rulers ofthe or
he quickly gained reper

Regul ix dormains,
Through Radu,
to maintain diplomatic relations

rity snow recognized by both
od the Cainites of Transylvania,
Secure te this po ld enuute the growth of his.
linus for cencuries to come; thiough misfortune, he could be
Jestcoye by the epic harreds ofthe lords of the night

Myca Vykos, ENIGMA

iplomacy
Teimusce knegt weee a

set dhe exe of Burope- Rus
thie kee iti ea

Hilde of Spmecn

Apparent Age: mid 20)

TRANSYLVANUL CHRONICLES |

Selon ofthe Vykoy family. Carpathian toyalty, Myea jew up
assuming he would inherit his father's lands ad tle Soom ater
ine entered pubercy, however, he fll prey ro strange dreams and
fits. Am old herbalist, defaced in her arcempts to cure hit
suggested that the family take Myca to ce a witard who lived
nearby. There the boy discovered that he was a magus and joined
tho organ ation of wizards known as Howse Tremere ofthe Order
of Flermes. Taken to. local chantry he quickly masceed wppren
sivelevel magic and became a journeyman magus As part othe
Vik family, Myca was able to smooth the way for the Tremere
‘mages to set up chantries in Transylvania. His importance tothe
howe led to joalowy, however, anda brilliant magus named
Ghatrte soon heeatne is rival. Myc could make nn moe
without the other wisn challenging him, nor could he peer
any magic without Goratrs teeing i a competition
‘Oncnight,asMycataveled on businessforthe hous, hex
se_ upan by te Teimise, Caintes who hated House Tremere
saw the weards as threats. Unknown to Myca, Goratrix tad
deliberately lee slip where the house's agents would be, hoping the
Tsimisce would slay Myca. Instead, noting that he was
Transylvanian royalty, they "reciimed" him by Embracing hin
{nto the Teimiscectan, Some ime thereafter, che Tremere wines
= wtlsing « rtual desyued by Goratix — became Castes

One agin, Myca wns hested by his rival. ating hi can, hirself
and the Tremere, Myca fled to Conatantinaple where he became

1 hisneton ana ransechoe 10 scape bik own pai

Myca would deatly lave to feurn the Thaumatueyy Die
pline, hoping someday to best Goraerix at the Teemete's own
game. He corresponds with two Transylvanian Feends, Lago and
Velya who shite his scholarly interests. (These are the sume
Tamisce who are involved im the Amaranth of the Teimisce clan
founder in the 1400.) Farther, he hopes to establish cordial
relationships with many other Tsimisce in Transylvania, seeing
thisasa key to his eventual return and takeover of Clan Tremere
from Goratrx,

Dracomr Basaras,
TREACHEROUS CHILDE

Background: Born into the Basaabrevenenc family, Drago
wis always a touch unstable. An overly seaitive chil he seemed
shaken by every rocklide and each cutting of nearby tres Ashe
eas quite jntelligent and looked upon his grandfather with ret
affection, hissmll aberration watverlockedasa natural conne:
tion of a rile his ancestral Lande, In actuality, Dragomis wan
eaperiencing 4 cll fon Kopala wo enter dhe demon's sevice

Faucated as a knight and a voivode, Dragomi served bis
eet wt Viol Danses) 6
personal aide for several years. Finally, Vintila Embraced
Dragomic and caught him several Trimisce Disciplines. Onee
Embraced, however, Dragomie became ever more seange. Hi
connection to the land led him down dark pathwayy towaed
madness His mental iliness became even more pronounced ot
Kupala'r Night. fo. an atcempr to cure him, Vintila ered to
perform a speci ritual one Kupala' Night ale eaving he
«lder Taimlsce exhausted and at the merey of his ered chile
Dragomir diahlerized his site, gaining in generation while his
site's esace combined with his own to sna im over the edge
into fall-blown madness


imped to antl

the demon'a nluence,

the world. Kupala has
silt over is site's dea prevents him ot
Once the procective runes ure placed ont Drayomir' cane, he
fable to throw off Kupala's influence — even when awiy from
thar tee rice again m her Teitniece. From
Aho h ¢ elders of his clan,

Teme

oto liablerie on the
ke ney

dlhia; His hairs white wheat-blond and his eyelashes are nearly
almont Haas hey ates
is pall fove-Dragomit often wea
Wohid black clothes, either wakes him ap

He potor jewel ads and

Imviahle they are sa pale. Hi green ey

Roleplaying Hints:

a Kuga mind free, you are clever, witty and

sb — uncil your elders are mentioned. You nffered too long ot
be hun of Kupala. ural your hatred for your own actions dives jum

1 of secret depravity — in smart

Havens Dragomir
ruide Baigrad

hoch he may freely indulge in his seclunled castle. His greatest

bane i, of course, th size, but the velf-destruc

tive spunk smoldering in wgomir leads hin) to confide this

secretin strangers, one of whom mi

him for his inexcusable behavior

urely be able to discipline

Influences Deagomit

the town of Alba lulia (or Balgrad

influence 1 fairly centralized to his
aaneeaeral Lands
Destiny: Dragomir grows more and mor
the early nights ofthe Sabhat and the reckless indulgence thetein.
Rather than lee his compe
‘xtous hat
ib utfice), several fellow Ty

plans (he devel

€ his lungs when speaking

ice throw Dragomir ro the

Tnguisition,

Clan: Tamuce

Stee: Vina

Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Ju

Generation: Teh

Embraces 1215

Apparent Ages 20

Physical Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Scamina 4

Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mentali Perception 3, Incelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alereness 3, Athle

Empathy 1, Subterfuge 2

‘Skill: Anuznal Ken 1, Archery 2, Ennquette
se 2, Ride 4, Steal

Knowledges: Acadernics2, Investigation , Law 2, Linguistics

Hungn

Disciplines: Animalism I, Auspes 4, Dominate 3, Obfasaite 2, View

jirade 2

Backgrounds:
Virtues: Convict
Road: Devil7
Willpower: 4

Mircea Dzardescu,
Lorn Protector oF DzARDREV
CASTLE

2 2, Brawl 3, Dodge

2, Hetbalie 1, Melee 3

2, Oceule 1, Politics 1

Nature: Tyrant
Demeanor: Celebrant
Embraces 1113

Apparent Age: late 30

Tall and commanding, with cropped gray hai
one and deep-brow

a hawiclike
sesunder heavy brows, Mircea looks like
could have stepped straight from the old Daciari-Roman empire
into the Dark Medieval workd. He peefers to weat datk, fewe
toned colors offer by several
Lond Muceu embodies both
nce from hi

and a gokden-chain necklace.
id cruelty. A
od to abwolut, trembling

-e civility
an voiunde who Ie

ects, he new
ment of impeccably polite, good

helen remains a ight
anners. Absolutely with
crossed o thwarted, A fierce rival of Prince Redu of Bistits

Mircea hopes to unsear his enemy and claim Rado's lands. A& a

CHARACTERS


cr Rath ze was limitless

their displeasure
ul than you
know

Haven: {n 1192, Nova's by
sdiasch, With the assistance
voc ecstacy forerd her huena

submission. After LSU

Nova Arenp, scainvearualty ‘ 5
Prince or MEDIASCH oo Egaeh aiplage OL Calpers, foe Tem

Influence: Like che remaining

Nova's influence will proceed! from vast and encompassing to

Jifferenv ver obvolete und dingerviis. Desperation ean make fasr alliance
Hungarian Vertue, along with their Ventre Eastern Lor
et estate in Mediascs, wast help oversee this don
rue Cainite style, took cit where the system su
waiting bet Mask
Is beneath a black

rd younger, weaker
may be her undoing


Vernnyt Her detenmnation W fetes enough 40 slow the
hal reduction of her power. Through will lane, she survives
Desperately, se fights for mprensacy
ian arogance Feconves her undoing. Goethe once remarked that

be "hammer or anvil" Nova' pride wall be testa,
ete ate young to "bane het.

centuries but her Bat

Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Celebrant

Aygarent Ages early 30s

Enbace: 1050

Physicals Swenyth 2, Dexteiey 3, S
Social: Charima 4, Manupulation 4, Appeatance 4

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

‘Talens: Alermess3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Laceny 2 Suber 3,
Leadenbip 4

mina 3

Shils: Euxquette 3, Music 2, Ride 2

2, Lnventigation 2, Law 5, Lingulsties 3,
Disciplines: Auspes 3, Fornude 2, Dominare 5, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Influence 5 (niow 0), Resources 5 (now 0)

Virtues: Conscience 1. SelfCant
Read: Humanity 3

Willpower: 9

Ro.anp. MAsTER OF SLAVES

Oth generation, chile of Oxwe

Course 4

tures Deviant
Dereanor: Gallant
Trnbraves 1103
Apparent Age: la
Roland wasonce content ta tives life of pleagure. Handsome
seed cornmunding, he took whac he pleased and never feared the
His mentor « Patitian Tereador ke
bartic ways, seduced bin an offered to teveal new hortaonw of
pleasure and pain. At frst, ingesting hia mentor's blood was
amaiiny perversion, but later, the older man began: babbling,
shout the oceult significance of the act, Curiously enough, the
regular ingest
healthy and viea
The old man also pursued more shocking diversions, and
desperitely needed compliant slaves, the thrill of the hunt po
him, The old man thus employed his ghoul in the
erpriseof fining moralsfor hixentertainment. Roland learned
til the practices of slavery and exploitation, ftow the gentle
social gatherings to the hasee

cemequence m for hie

of sanguineous humors kepe Roland young,

tlegance of reducing boted noble
practices ofthe slave trade,

‘Once Rotima
thisoccupation, the T
Inconnu of the Holy Roman Empire. Roland's skills weve x
Valuable aid to sating Fatztcuan ‘The young ghoul could
offer Vertrue variety in tseir det while satisfying their caefied
and exotic tastes. Moreover, he could even skilfully dipone of th
bodies afterwands. The degenerate undead rewards is devotion,
with the Embrace, making lim a lackey of te clan. The Ve
Jnconn eeaured his loyalty by subjecting um tw Be
The Porticians of the Holy Roman Empire
rulers of western Hungary their playthings ae well. In particular,
Roland's master realized the promise oft
id his Arpad childer. To watch nee
Ineemnu offer
Keep Bulacu well fed, watch his activities,

ully veroed in the crtminal necewrte of

oar presented him ava gift toa Ventre

cewly created Bulseu
ce inteteit, the sinister
neo to Biises, Rota was nstnucred
pont tegulaly

Roland performs ni of Loyal
his duties troublesome. He bas had to ery
variety his mastet requires. As Bulsc

vee tas brat fe mow finde

ways became more extreme, h
Aestroyed. Discreetly
more difficult.

ening of 4 many boxes has bocome

He would very much like 1 leave Buala-Pest befote he be
ccaughe tn his criminal activicies
Roman Empite have

leaving

ut the Ventrve of the Holy

wher plans For the time being, they are

it pawn in place. Roland hat responded by begining

‘ealizes his need to strain apainat hts honds of bh

Lacretia or Harptz,
RETAINER TO Lord JcRG

‘Sh generatin, chide of Kusies
‘Nature: Confors
Demeanor: Defender
Embraces 109%
‘Apparent Age: carly 50>

In dhe service of Jur
Lucretia eared her Embrace through atic ace with bn
owerlord's wishes and the ion of unjonie mpcuking
against her lord. Bull ike 2 man, with short, bowlscut black hy
and black eyes, Lucretia exudes Ventrue atroganice. Aavon Verde
agent, Lucretia becomeathe characte' patvon if they ate working
forthe Eastern Lords. Though generally wll spoken ans pl
Lucretia quickly becomes v bully if she doese'
agreement with her plans. As a milivary

Lucretia has a
dain for chose who don fallow s leader
Thoweh not unimaginative, she is mote ©

ned with wed

"young prs
working for some uther faction, Lucteeia mi
them in

by those she considers Should the characters
ht be sent ayaitt
oman of several trope to take the Tibuta Pave from

their guardianship

CHARACTERS



Viet plea ming the structuce thocougyeriougl)
beloeehantd is the most contort peotlerns Stoey

tellers encourter wher devising a chcorticle
Bistovical chheortctes, especially — ard this ors int
peeticular— have theic oven pecuting pitfalls Geertr
surg the basic steucture of an epic heorncte cars
help you use this book (arid the three books af tec it)
This is better than just jurnping isan toning to
keep your head above the Dark Gides Rising

STORYTELUNG THE CHRONICLE OF

AGES


Fist, let's exunine the ideo of "anapshor chronicles" This
will help you sketch out your storie, especially i you're trying to
tullda specific mood or theme throughout each one. Next, a few
syitems tonegotiace the downtime between those chapters can be
Justus helpfal. Ifyou were planning co run a traditional "night-to
night" chronicle, you wouldn't need chem, but if you want yout
coterie 10 carry on from L197 to 1497 and beyond, downeime
systems are worth cheir weight in gold (or paper, atthe wery les
At lu when you've hails chance tn look heough 2

realy to prepare foe Act

CUNNING AN Epic
HRONICLE
SNAPSHOTS OF TIME

‘One of dhe most popelar sory structures us Vampire isthe
chronicle thar summarizes night-to-night events of game tne. Fot
‘instance, Thunday, our valiant coterle might try to rescue Lars,
theit Beujah companion, ftom u Tremere chantry in northern
Tronaivania. Friday, Lars the Bruja are fte wa neathy church to
set up diversion for the Tremere pursuing him. On Satuntuy, the
character visit the Teimysce lard of the demain a

they think those damn mages wee fire to his church,

This type of story ts great for heyinninyg Storytellers, but by
‘how, you probably don't consider yourself a heginner, do you? OF
course not. There lnn'ta chance in hell chat you'd atart outa story
like this anymore

i's Monday. Lay night; ow excaped from the war ghouls
of the Teimisce lord snd 190k over a mumastery, The next evening,
yav're ating around che serigtorium doodling in the mansscripts.
So, whae do yom wren t0 do?"

Ifyou use thin approach to start youe stary every session, you
sll eventually gat bored, Your players will get boved. Mont
tmportantly, Lars the Beujah will yet bored,and probably wind up
sevting fie to another church. The chronicle's downward apical
thus begins
ruppoue you decide to see aside sie month nf eal

cle that begins i» 1197 and ends during the
fon. Irs an ambitious goal, hut m promising one,
1 quality (and qusntity) of the research you'd feel
Migated to do, the cht

Byeontra
time rotell a cbt
French Rev
Aside from
ete would lives o¢ dies depending on
structure you plan for i
The firs step in establihing the basics of your chronicle
tnvolves considering where you want co take the "snapshocs of
mie" that form the chronicle, This book, for example, has theee
nines woe stferen eras, THe fist
1197; the second iso 1310; the thied shinas how far the volvodate
ioraced by 1413, Of coune, yoo might have an interest in
ing another hiscorical event, such as the Turkish assauleon,
1420, or the peasant upeising in 1437. By using
e-eoch time period, you create larger epic.
Another bigadvantage of rapsbots is thar you can tesolveeach
ith icon particular denowesyent. This makes it easter for
yout players to commit to one stay at
n elght-cetmary chronicle fom the very start: (
-very Saturday forthe next 11 months. lhe thete.") Each sory
twael-contained instead of seretching into

TRINSYLVANUA CHRONICLES 1

‘The flexibility makes iceasier to plan long-term chronicle
For instance, one of your players might only be able ta make i
for the first chupree of your mory. You could seare out by design:
ing a four-week tale thar cexolves when that player dope out
Once that'sdone, t's easy ta tun a sty for the reatof the troupe
in the second chapter, xr aver a century later, Then you could
decide whether to write the one character bock in o¢ write him
‘out before you start Chapter Three, An epic story doesn't have
to bean epic commiement for your can drop i
and out of various chapters, as Cainites are apt to do.

If you want to take the idea of a snapshot chronicle further,
ask yourtelé a few more questions: How many sessions do you
want to set aside for euch "chapeer?* Do

iptet foreach period of time! How many thine periods does thie
epic chronicle you're developing really require? Planning the
struceate of che chromniele beforehand, atleast for the first few
months, greatly increates plot cohesiveness,

ayers Charnct

ance mote than ane

the table {nonetheless

ile w

an Reb thei when that whole

i

W 4 theme or mood foe the
chronicle. Admittedly, this increases the level of difficulty forthe
Stoeyeeller, but © be honest, you really can't build an eple
advencure by having chatacters deft from one the period to the
‘next wich no motivation other than survival. By now, you know
‘ee basics bout bunkdiag conistenccamceprssnd themes thtoegh
‘ut your story. Ifyouscan apply these eas ro along-term chronicle,
the story will have a consistent fee] throughout, preventing the
same from degenerating to a series boot "What We Did
Last Century."

If you really wane to expand
consider some of the themes of

approach to Vampire
npitic unlife chat you've read
a chronicle: We

reacherou,

about but pechaps never fully demonssraced
all know that vampin
‘monstrous, b
‘heough your story why those
d vampire poetry. As mutter of


hose themes to show why your vampites ate

INTERLUDES
f

not just pumped-up yets of stats and

saice and childe change over
fectathon, but shaw
the cure of

ts starting to wane
¢ fundamental parw


BLGe-ROOKING AND ITs
VARIAN'


Also remember that history ts a one-way ep. IF player
wants to develop any further details later, ie have th be ia «
flashback. You might want toruna "parallel" story with adifferent
(or related) group of characters, but this can get complicated,
capecially ifthe events in the second atory-line imterfece with the
fine. For imatunce, two characters may ereate childer tn 1197 3
leave them cate Dark Ages game, even though the two

4 chapter seta century later you choose
this option. eeead carefully.

Te mighe alto seem tempting to bluesbook over e-mail
cep sn mind that e-mail blue-booking can be ceally aklictive. Few
Storyteller: ane to check their e-mail every day for updates on
‘Nue-bouked backgrounds. Some do, bur consider the commitment
before you agree tit

Some players get w caught up in writing blve-books cae they
continue working on them during game sessions (strange, but
‘aue!). How you deal with this your concern. Hf this really gees ou
of contro, You might Want wy schedule a sessions where everyone
Just works on blue-booking, handles bookkeeping, discusses re-
search and roleplays interludes.

\f your troupe prefers this group-based approach, chen round
‘robin blue-booking another method that helps flesh out an interlude:
xa way fora ynaller group of players to summarue events. Hone
fartwui membersof the coterie want co spend every wabiny moment
together for che next century, this variation makes sense. Pasa rhe
honk around, oe treat i like a continued story

‘Another example of round-robin blye-booking would be if
‘oro of the players wanced to describe «romantic lion herween
their character. If that's the case, ie might be best for all cor
cemed i they roleplayed it off-line (in.amanner oftheir choosiru)
tnd wroce up the effect it should have oa the ebronicle before the
next session. They might even pass the notebook between each
otheras they're writing up the details. Anything else isu dail the
Storyteller probably doesn't need (or want) wo know about,
(Hey? Get a room!)

If you've got another mechaniven for dewiling the events
beorcen sessions, blue-booking works well as a complementiay
technique. For mstance, the Fortune Paths helow do » expable job
sana ile che effec tof che on w charactes, ever tough they
leave some details to chance. Ingenious players can ste methods
like blve-booking eo interpret the reslts of this metho ancl turn
theodds to their advantage. Time son your sce afterall, and blue:
fookcing is one way ro better manage i between sessions.

CAPTURE SCENES

yoarealiy don't wana goto the weubleof gating our what
Iuooened in the interlude, a caoture scene & a particularly direct
ar clvolving the protien, A character might go ints trp et
foundand pred or apes tin ofyourchoonig idan well
this can greatly seenplify interludes. If done poorly, it can be one af
ibe mow Rccoralcng expsiznoes imaginable for «player who
likes the idea of free will.

Capeute scenes work hest when the player and Storyteller
bores them befor the sce olepayed spat ofa puing
for a few weeks im the mickdle of your elaborately planned Dark
science yooragheaev es eso ha chosct as been

taken out of the sory for awhile. If act it ove wu eaptute scene
before he leaves, wll Lend seasslesly ints the vngolng story, OF
‘course, you might find itm he 1 aid I Bebo
sand write fora bit while hey asulways Hea Lite hye been
known co preveat such simple solutions
{t,0n the other hand, the "tape rung without
‘knowledge, it can make the player feel helpless. Se
can't be solved by sped roleplaying typically hurt
Sone the renhioleg plyses exighs realise she aril
and worry about the same fate accuttiag tw the.

the player und Storyteller discus the derail 9 eoptut
scone before the session, the rest ofthe troupe won't be a shocked
Icher're taken aback too much, yuu and yout co-conngitatir ts
have to explain that the ycene wa
consent. fo sor, with caps

players comment fits

Forru:

‘You no doubs have mote ideas about how to ni interhiles,
bur one big question remains: How does that much denen
affect a chamcter's Trai! fa particulatly

character's wealth or seatusovert few mon!

2 whole century in w chronicle that
bhundreds of years, experience hac to be handled different th
ft would in a chronicle that advances fram might 1 ight

swith the player's fall
sezties, whens all

we! Obviounly,

These optional syste flet gt the every thos ake place
between the chapters of yuur chrgnicle, focusin
affect various Traits on a character sicet.

(010 give youmore ideas fr interes. If y

tv how
eluate pa
ele your games 9
the mechanically simple. Nue-bocking alone sHfices. ar o ys
want to rake the time to bea bie mote rigorous these nyitem will
help, All of these systems are optional, x0 adap
however you chowse.

Maruration and Experience

Some Storytellers like to give out a mesic
lence for vurviving thtough » century

¥ udairwna
re The sytem
‘Maturation reflects this "subsistence expertence." Elders find
thar biying higher levels ot statistics by simply surviving i
rogressively more expensive, but they can still "buy up" thei
stats, The following sec of rules are « simplified version of the
Maturation system
Macurution points are awarded for every period of extendest
dowentiqe thus
Years of Downtime Maturation Points
10-100 1s
251-800 2640
For example, Geotfrey the Mallavian
tuny despite the rampages of his companion, Lats the Brujal, The
‘Storyteller gives Geotfrey's player 15 Maturation points to spend
Once the Storytellergivex player Maturation poiat, the player
can use them totaise her vuinpie's Taits. When wing the M
tion system, Trait cinno
century that pases (This womkd in bare

rased by mote than | po
ao rising Traits wing the regular experience rules. Maution

2 ae ASSES


Minuration mor' expensive at character grows oldet, Varmpiresate
statle creatures, and learning becomes increasingly difficult a the
Cainite withstands the pasage of tine. For u more complex teat
iment of che Maturation wyster, see Elysinm:

‘The cout for ising Traits through Maruration looks lke this:

Trait Cost of Raising Trait.

New Abi 3

New Discipline 10

New Thaumatungy Path 7
Atcribute
Abulity
‘Clay Discipline
Odher Discipline
Th

Rx
Ra
cas
a7
Rat
CR
Road Rat
Forexample, our Matkavian fiend Geoffrey just spentacenury
of dosertime away from that mpscallion, Lats, Geolley's player
spends 10 points to rae Geoffrey's Auspex fon I 40 2. He also
allocates 5 points to raise Geoffrey's Road of Humanity rating fron
4005. (Geoffey has been less chan rub tn his exploits)
Manuation points unspent during an iaterlade ate los

‘You tnay notice that che Background Tralt in listed ¢ thir
e. Backgrouri are handled in che hiext section — players can't
‘ncreae Bockground Traits thnugh Maturation.

Fortune Pari:

Rachyround dots are aolativly ehiep, Th
advantages don't necessarily lst long. For instance, Lats, out
«rant Bruja, might control 4 large family of retainers 1197,
tout by 1450, there's no guarantee the descendants of those
secvanes will still be nur his control, Ina short-tetm chronicle,
princes rise and fall and fortunes are easily destroyed.

hausmaturyy Paths
Vere

ieemase thons

In anepic chronicle, on the other hand, the sruggle to make
‘chanje in the world — like building a city of kine to

use 0» your personal herd or gaining absolute control ver &
in — ke somewhat more difficult. Mote specifically, &

Backgrounds become vitally important.

Here's the way the firs-part of this system works: For euch $0
Yeats tha passa player may chovoee one Background Path to focus
sand roll on that table. F

a long:ten

fan investment if three experience
(not Maturation) point, be can roll on a second tuble: for six
dines, he can roll on three. Furthermote, before mukiig any die
‘oll, he can ypend up to three points of experience to get u die
vaifier of *1 t0 +5. (That 6. foreach point he spends. he gees
die modifier of +1, up to a maximum of 3.)
By way of example, Geoéfrey the Malkavian wants some new
felende. This ts really importa goal w Geoffrey's player, ao he
Jes to ypend two experience points to get +2 modifier to this
il He rolls w 5, adds the +2. and finds that Geoffrey has
succetfully eased bis Allies Background Trait by 1, The player
begiow writing about the details in bis blue book.
‘You may notice that there is no guarantee that w character's
srranes will amprove ¢f he wes this method —after all, that's
whut happens when a Cainire leaves his fate to chance! Charac-

ets who play a mote active role it trying ty improve ther fate

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES

usually take more elabomte me
thacifa vampire really was working overt
nlite, ie would merit a whole story,
Each Background table further divided into three h
rationale, result and diss
one of these tables, vet

jected by the face
oper hiker
just few die rll
ang
Before a player ean make a rol on
first ylve a rationale for why the
churacter'sforturies may improve. Por instance, Venere wants
to increase his Influence and Resources Backgrounds, t
ndghe dec une char hus character i trying eo expand hd
that he controls neathy Transylvanian mining camp,

‘Once the die has been cast, che Storyteller and the player
should then give « teason why the Fuckgrourd has oF has ne
changail For instance, (f the vime Vensrus failed to expand the
territories of his domain, i
pires engaged in
listings of results can give you ideas for chese derat!
those details by blue-booking or another kind
the next atep.

(On thar tte, Storytelles should know thae the rationales,
results and disasters printed here are only suggestions — ee! free
tomake up whatever hest auits your chronicle.

There is of couie, no piinantee thar an araitinus Cainite
will attain all she temporal youls he desires, ever:
century to purnue ther. While the Storyteller and players ate
uiware of the course of history herween any span of centuries, the
ehariceese

player

we hecause twe Taimnve var
fervent Trial by War near his tein. The
Describing
Anvterlude may he

hie has a

cians tesa Fa
the results of this *theaw of the dice" severely contradicts your
sory or defies common sense, the Storyteller s perfectly within
ec rights to adi

ean however necessary

Tur Hant

You may have noticed that Generithon doesn't have

eae, afrer

heir
generation this way unless they forsake thEir indepen:
dence for Sabhar allegiance


ne pase

ul eppear


* A former moreal enemy is willing o give you information on

iste, Lone one point of Herd
ange
a one point of Herd
wo pots of Herd
es
wert gull,
ase that threatened (hun
# Secret patronage of a monastery or
1 Tending to the sick o¢ sane,
*# Zelion has created a sectet toom for you in w noble's cute
Possible Results
* You are well acquainted with dispossessed or downtrodden
people lepers, madmen, Chios, hogs)

1cople threatened by bigotry (Jew

© You are able to past unseen among the nobility, svi
access to very rarefied blood
Possible Dinastecs

vengeance results in the slaughter of mnecents Your
eoedingly

A noble line is in decline

There isa legend thar the monusery yin frequen has been

zavelee (who hears about
verually send you tn


RESOURCES
1-2: Financial Duster: Love two pont of Resources
5.4) Disaster. Lone one pone of Resources

9-10: Gain two points of Resources
Rationales

* Developing a ¢aceer in blacksnai

ning the ritute of (Holgarians, Byzantines, Hungarians,
‘Teaizylvanians)

+ Eicken farming

© You support an artisan who is tenosn for his belliance,

*# You're siphoning money frau convent 04 monaatery.

Possible Results

+ A mortal rule lea of your pomerand yay yom harabeniely
soya i

© The ducovery of a vein of precious metal elevates your

the chance to produce more:
osreal the wealth of your enemies:

Possible Disasters
+ Technology makes your secomplitunent visokets;
* Beojah air up enraged peasants against yous

© Dhcbactans aids

4 Mecchat trace routes ate diseupeed hy war,

able in conjunction with other
is rewarded with. political
ne for instance, be does Hot have well on thistable

tema omy be canting. Ifa chat
nirledunin:
every 50
cen, the Storyteller ahold vimply ralse the Trait vod
level
112, Dinas, Lone two points of Stars
3-4 Disaster, Lone one point of Seats,
5:6: No change
7/10: Galt one point ef Seta
Rational
* You are suppor a prince who i ready to move on and leave
everthing ro hit favors ally:
* You aseusinate-a powerful ruler and take his
* You becume the shaskowy power behind a

‘© You achieve 1 grea task and improve your renown:
ful politicking elicits trust,

*# You'rethe only Cainitew

javians, Unsechie, et)

Possible Results

© You'te the chosen he

© Your moetal thell maves int pasition of poets

our are bent pal political bane

The prince i in wrpoe, and you put han thet

«The court of has more token tthe

one careswho the Vertruc say rules the city; you've got the

1 That promising sobo
‘over on the way up

yon supported decides to serew you
os tema a no

# That inconsequential nobody ou exp
you tke a fall

* Promised compentation is wiuhdrawn, and you've blamed for

ft to gratustously

foove you through another bothersime system



YWOhether you voant to tell the
stocies of your Transyleartian
chronicle ins the lateI2th century
the mid 1Sthcertucrocarnwobere
istbetvocers the roctal history of
the cegion provides conyers arid
evocative ideas for adventures

Cie follovwoirns tirrmlion offers o
quick surrnme|ry and an essay or
rroctel history ducing this ea
places the details 1 contect.


Tue TRANSYLVANIAN TIMELINE
Many the is imporant evens in Cite hbtory epee

Your senton of the World of Darkness and the actions ef yom
haracten allem
Several specific Cavite

PRELUDE
71, Emperor Auteliin withsiraws Roman top from Dacia.
Yb: Magyar nex conquer the Carpathian Basin. The gyda's
tribe occupies the irea that wil ne day be Transylvania, Soon, the
fesrtory becomes part ofa ster to defend againve threats from the
cet. The Pechenes ate the mont immediate thtcat
997-1038: Levan | rule
ds recognined a part of Hur
Catholic Church, he hep
Gavtianity
1022: Goran of howe Tremere discover a metho of lucie
fran droagh gesting yup sod. Tremere and seven fll
#1128: The Onder ofthe
Mél-120h Contry: Trem
Tremere

the kingof Hunewy. Transylvania
ay, With the support of the Roman,
rena Western feudilisn ane imposes
the wohubianes of Hungary

smplas 1 recognized ky the Pope:
begin change sleet mages of

the Tremere create the fst Gargoyles.
1 begins alg and

Bival Quah,
+141

sadn the bow weld

21 encourages Saxon to colorise Transylvania

-evples fom

soe inthe Sibja asia and Olt anal Hirthalu valleys, Later, they
Bata.

1150: Arp V

olan
mic eve the Connect of Ashes an foray
asylum with sever prices to re them.
© The Kinghm of Hun
files tm exchange for fi
political leader of avi

lot of tan

grants Spxon peasants hers

ncial obligations. fv mary a

+ The Secklets, am ethnically mixed Turkic tice, fight n the
argu of Hyg Laer, they
econ the nobility Hungary
198TH 1, an offhoot ofthe
1 tranaformed into the

armies enteritus Teansyh

the feudal system of caste
Yader of Germann Hos
In Jounded fm 1195, the soe
ic Onder

bey
Dank Ties Risine

Several Cais art somone by hee ses aed
sat ove the cerry rveaing Tihs Pas. By winter,
cd thee

© 1204; all of Comeinesnople

#1205; Pope UL anstigaees the Fourth Crusade,

roxting out her ‘he Languedoc. Ie rurns tna al

tie Cathars
, responite for Fr
He hens ait the Chiach

angered by Church ner

SYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

© 1206-1227; Genghis Khan hecomes chief prince of the
Mongol

© 1211: Teutonic Knights are broughe by Andreas Il to defend
thesourherbordersot Hungary from the Camans. They help expand
the Chrinianfeadalsyea and continue worpeead io Tzaleaia.

‘+ Teseonic Knights inka ond deve Bran Cae. A cabo
Nanighes inhabve ot torser in the Tihuta Pass with a slightly different agenda,

+ 1223: Mongols invade Russia and hein their forays mea
Eastem Europe.

#1225; Teutonic Knights ae expelled fom the Transylvanian
exon when they
theo

© 1241: Mongols invade Transylvania using the Tihuta Passas
thetepeimary invasion route, Hungary regains contol ofthese terr-

hus Past Cale ts cvernin by the Monge horde.

* 1247-91: Sacklers repopulate the Aranyos area, Saxons te-
popuate the area around Mediusch,

+ 1252: Inquisition begins using torte.

++ 1260: Constancinople recavered fren the Normans.

1 1283: Teutonic Onder completes subjection of Prost.

1+ 1284-1285: Mongols invade Transylvania again.

1288: Transylvanian nobles form their own legtlarure (or
dict) to Cluj-Napoca, Nove thar hefote this time, much of

‘angylvanian justice hil been maintained by the "wise old men" of
the villages. Many rerfsand peasants continue to think theis wn Laws
are more valid than che rulings ofthe diet.

‘© Ba thictime, the formation of guile hat a strong eect onthe
‘Transylvanian economy, Guilds allow inercluamts to vet consistent
prices,communicace rade secrets. anktmite quality standards, Money,
another gradual development, becomes 2 more common subst
foe hareet

* After the formation of the Diet of Transylvanian nobles,
feudal lords demand increased crop yelisfnam the local sexf When
these quotas aren't met, many Srekler lords seize the debuor lands
and redistnbute them. Some impoverished serf either flee the
sseuiey ot hecome outlaws

* 1291: Mamelukes conquer Acte- End of the Crussdes. The
Holy Land is

* 1291: Ata meetingin Atha fli, Andrew TI allows Vlachs to
artend. Hungarian nobles, Saxons and Sscklers ate abo present.
‘Many pemancs consider this pommsing.

#1301: Androw Ill, the law king ofthe Arpad line, dig

* neatly Mibv-century Transylvania, andiowning brysw begin

seven thas lands to poser

* Friday, Oct. 13,1107: Templar of Fance ae arrest on the
onder of Philip the Fair, King of Fence. Within dhe text few years,
Templars ate tortured and tied fr hetey.

‘8+ Accord to some legends, 33 Templars escape. Ther fred
reas fy rugged om of France, vast of ging wo Scand; sme
taken cast

#1812: Templar Order banned and disolved

‘To shin (oso woaccnel for) conta wat wea sal.
prenanabiy wih sions or gent ofthe Temps seek eae thr
lands, Nummer slice ges are formed, xplanny why the Venu,
Nxt andocherurscen masa i conclthe Terps he wee



service, holding public fie, olivin

T OF THE CENTURY
Hermans

#144 Janos Hunyadi, Hungarian national her, defeats Turk
atNib,

the reins of the Congnant of Misrdgs tn Scauherm F
Tradkons are

#1458: Marthias Comvinus, son of Hunyad, becow
Homgary

reinvigorated
6 1486. Fis lal
#0 Oc. 23, 1493: The Co
Tremere iad prevens As
90 The Cotetes attending the Counc of Thor
ws the Kindred for the fice.

Swapsuors oF History

Some of these events, adinittedly, are mote
events of the Transylvania Chronicles cha
riled below, organized ta chronological det
‘out the bibliography

OnriGins oF THE PEASANT

Tranayteanis as saab nedom of
Hungury rewilts the
voivodate of Transylvania overnight. Despice the ideale i


Ling, who ruled from westem Hungary, eastern Hungary was stil
largely under the contro of communal villages. Throughout the next
200yean, Saxons and Sackler began to lay claim to unsettled regions
of Transyleania, Many ofthe most remote regions were unafecte.
Inthe latter part ofthe 12th ceneury and the early part ofthe
Transylvania was formally recognised as prt of Hungary, but enfote-
ng chat lat took far more effort

For the resident who already lived in the lands beyond the
forest, the regions clovest co Hungary (ouch aw the Banat) were
threatened the most by feign acquisition. When the kirgsou
gaoted vast tracts of land to churches and monasteries, that land was
fen eed fom the pemants who lived there. What wasonce owned
communally hecame the peaperty of foreign lon and clergy. In
_skiion, the lords wally tthed these peasants, demanding a tenth
«their pigs, cattle, grain, hay, salt and other commodities

Since the ownership of land was at stake, some village com-
smunes in the eatly 13th century resisted the encroaching feudal
system. A patchwork of lang communes stretched from onesie of
the voivodate to the other, For instance, the Banat (in western,
Transylvania) sil had 30 free communes in 1220.In Taea Hateguli
(ia the southwest, five dstices wil chose representatives for thet
‘own government until the 4th century. as dk! many ofthe dntricts
\n Tara Maramuiesu in the northeast

Thice inves were of vital importance throughout the many
ts und lenses of Transylvania after 1200: What race formed the
dominant populatio of the land, who ruled the people ofthe land
and who owned the land. Generally speaking. in communal lands,
the local government existed for the sake of the people who lived
there. In lands claimed by the Church or state, the government
collected wealth forthe sake ofthe people in power, They may have
claimed to do this in the interest of the lower clases, but a long

trakiton of communal governments in the smaller villages proved
‘this "assistance" was not needed.

‘Most Tranwyfeanians fle the impact ofthe feudal system, since
‘ma of them livedin villages populated by afew hundred people. The
rapidly growing cites of Transyivania held the densest population,
but far more Transyivanians lived in agrarian communes. Ie didn't
matter whether the centers of these territories were known as
villages, manioes ot settlements, many aspects of the local rule
remained the same. A judge, mayor oF knez ovenaw a communal
village; burmrave of count oversaw a Saxon village; a judge of mayor
ruled over a Hungarian: of Seebler dominated town, ln many Saxon,
villages, the judge was asisted by a group of jurors

«feudal lord owned the land, he could also preside over the
court of justice, collect taxes, gather the income from mills and
taverns, dictate how the crops wee rotated, and oversee the rabout ot
so-called "voluntary" labor. (The word "voluntary" is highly mislead-
‘ng: the increasing amount of socage and raboes demanded by the
robles sparked many peasant rebellions.) On the other hand, f the
land was owned by the people, the elected ruler would have toanswer
to the peasants, and he could easily be replaced

‘The concept of justice similarly differed between these to
typerof communities. Wa village wat fee, jucge was chon by the
community Hit wasnt then the rules were imposed from above. The
Romanian tradition involved a meeting every Sunday. The "wise old
men of the village would mediate disputes. wally under a "lealy
freen tree." or in a judgment house if the weather was inclement. If
‘feudal lon owned the land, these customs were abandoned in favor
of Saxon or Saekler justice

‘Asone would expect, the te ofthe domunant population dun'
abways decide whether avilage was uledby a Viach commune, Sekler
loed or Saxon burgrave. Many areas predominantly Romanian, were
tuled bya minoriy of Seekers, Hungarians of Saxon. Throughout the
‘voiwadite, focal Viac far outnumbered the other three races. Befote
the invasion of 1241, among the approximately $50,000 inhabieants of
the votwodare, 65% were Romanian, while Hungarians, Saxcew Sackler:
land other races componed les than 35%.

‘Adknicely, some regions fT avartranta weve nigaly sich
by Saxons or Suen, and as sch. the lane was hstoically "thes" 10
some extent. Members ofan ethnic group could increase their chances
cof ruling and taxing their own land by taming unsettled territories and
‘overcoming the greater hardships found there. As such. only a small.
percentage of Scklers could te called "overiers"or*overlonh."Yetall
too often, when nobles found that they wanted to seize lands that had
‘been maintained and developed by Viachs for generations, they took
what they wanted and justified it however they could.

ALTERNATE ORIGINS OF THE SZEKLERS
AND VLACHS

Many historians are far more forging othe Seekers expetally
when they espouse a Hungarian point of view. Admittedly, many
‘Seeblers also treated their land as commueul. Under thei system,
‘every Sockly wan fee. Their agrarian effet alo succeeded admirably,
‘pecially in the art of stockhreeding and honebeeding

ach man hasdone mator oblieatice ro the wate: Inthe fea
military society. every man of age had to serve io the military
(Conskdringthissocietal obligation anedtheit excellenthonebeeeding
techniques, its no wonder thatthe vanguands of the Seeker' light
cavalry units were almost legendary. Despite this, many of the serfs
they protected woul! have been more impressed with thei prowess
had they succeeded in repelling the Mongol invasions of 1241,

By the same token, thete ts common angument among many
Hungarian historians thot the Vachs may not have been present
Tranwplvania throught mont of the weieval era, Foc the ake of
‘xgument, this view is worth pursing. By one account, the Vlachs
imay have been in Dicia as ealy a0 271, bt were late forced othe
south bythe influence of the Slavs. Asa largely ratory tobe, they
imay indeed have heen absent fom Tranrlvania for centunin

‘After being disperied in turn by the Bulgar inthe 10th century,
they might have then migrated thoughout much of Easter Europe
A lange force of Vlachs supposedly fought withthe Byzantines during
the invasion of Transylvania i 1166, this str, then the Magyar
woul have colonized the Carpathian Basin fist, although by this
lneerpetation, the Vlache would will be the descendants of the
‘original tribes in Dacia

Tn should be noted chat ome ofthese invading tribes referred to
themetves athe Kumin, which taken by some the the engi ot
the word "Romanian * Some chronicler sill give opponing views of
the origins of the Vlachs. In the Dark Medieval wold, howe
seitlements of Viachs were present from the days of Dacia tothe time
‘of the Arpad concuest and beyond!

Tue Teutonic KNiGuts

Another independent society, the Teutonic Knights, played an
fetrguing roe in the history of Hth-cerury Transylvania. ko 1211,
‘Teutonic Knights expelled from the Holy Land settled in the ares
sround Barcayag, where the Hungarian king granted them complete
ssutonomy, Fora while, they were fee ofthe tithes and taxes imposed

THE ROLE OF HISTORY


‘on the peasants and sets. The Hucygatian king was generous with the
privilegeshe granted them — er instance, they were allowed rocrece
astes for their own iefense
Over the next 10 yean, howevet, the Teutonle Knights de
rmunded further tights, These declarations hecamne progressively
holder until at last they declared sat they would fallow no authority
save that of the flope. This was far tow extreme for the Hemgarian
cvaaiiy, and King Andrew Tl expelled them in 1225, Saxon vette
populated the iva dye Testante Kenghes abandoned,

Orner Typ)

wn ih

ES OF VILLAGES

ws Se gop ei
a

fcrecetthar thine

irea Setter knew

hotel etl rhe

a feral Vane Ren, Da
ral fingarian king. The seven
Rueane, bur thee rypes of

al dics this period,

Tue Moncot INvasioN

The tnwasion of the Mongols én 1
Alcsatet in Transylvania during the 13

sy bi pet
century: Bat Klean, ac
cn thal of Genghis Khan, concurred and held the Carpacian
Banin for over a year. One portion of the barbarian horde laid waste
to Moldavia, entered Trareylvania through the Tibwea Pass; and
ler decimated Rod lu and Oradea. After sla
teringcountiess Hur
he routheat, which entered theemugh the Olute pass,
int the armies of Bela 1V and destroyed them. Mongol
dominance in the region was at Law asured
ong with che difficulties involved i
eration of battles with the
esentheir other front, forced the Mongolsto withdraw
n the body count, whic

hy thenohiliry continued to wreak have lng
afi the Mongol left Transylvania

Bra TV anv THe ANARCHY OF
His Reis

ralaierlan

shocked and frighten populace. C
reigned in many far flung portions of the voivodave. While the king
alled or mere setter Tom other nanons to belp repopulate the

of the nobles who had peeviouely held poorly defended
terrain eed land where they could, fearing both competition and
further invasions

sadly defenvled woods and tiver
realy led ther, the ownership of thet lands
changed hanes quickly, Nobles also adopeed the habit af rapidly
taking over many of the existing forreses and quickly rebuikling
their own. The muses were left to the whims of noble landtords and
the nokilty victimized the nual communes futher as wore indepen
ent communes fell. Putingthisperiod, the number of vets also grea
tapi, worening the condition of exiting serfs nd peatants

TRANSYLVA

Many relocated newt mors
wiley peasants

With the burden of rebuilding at hand, the ovencers of
foreign-dominated village increased the serfs obligations. While
the aobles took advontage of chetr own freedom of moversent,
they drastically limited the movement of the lowet-lases To
ensure greater income, they also demanded that families of pew
ants ull the same plots of land fom one generation to the next
The few peasants who were allowed to leave lands sted by at
ambitious noble were forced to piy a special tax called the
‘ermagiun, creasing thei chances of being both dispossesed and
‘impoverished,

Thus, even as early us the 13th century, the apicie of
rebellion grew, The suxkacious claims of the Westerners had
done nothing to protect the peasants from the Mongols. The
‘axes collected in the name of defense did little more than line
the pockets of the wealthy. When the barbarians finally massed
for an all-out attack, the result was slaughter, Furthermore
s0ods generaced by the villages were gathered for the benefit of
‘outsiders who claimed to postess the skills ro manage them. In
actuality, many of the commoners were quite experienced at
running their own communes

In iolated portions of the voivodate the reigning anarchy
encouraged pexsants to rise up against thelr oppresors. Many
forms of rebellion were availabe, and the lower classe ued ther
all: They could revolt, refine to pay txxes, leave noble estate,
tcsette inlet-deszable area oreven becontebeigands fouls
Nonetheless, these optionswere, of cours, only avaiable cbnne
‘who could afford them, Many, after being slowly bled dry by the
feudal lords, remained in povery

INDEPENDENT TRANSYLVANIA

By 1257, Bela IV's discontent with the situation in eazem
Hungary led him 20 appoint his son, Stephan, as the new miler af
Transylvanca. Stephan had repeatedly implored his father for the
(position, and Bela had initially thought thar Stephan would be ruling
tn intend. He er wg

For 13 years, Stephan ruled Transylvania much as he would
sovereign mation. But when it became clear that he han ineensicn
of remaining under Bea's fatherly rule dhe Hurgatian king tied 19
red Seephan'stelgn Hlcson eine by fore, dersorutseting sil
4: mustering toops forthe defense of the voevodate- After King
Stephan V defeated the armies of Hungary on teverl occasions, Bela
shad no choice but to capitulate and recognize Transylvania's inde
petence, Belaand Stephan continued to stage ain exch other
‘until Bela's death in 1270. Stephan V only nuled for two more years
before his mysterious and sudden death.

Magyarkingscontinuedtotry tobingthe voivodate bick under

Hungarian rule: During the anarchy of the reign of the Hiangaeian
King Laduiaus 1¥ (trom 12/2-1290, the ow countries teparated

further. The king found it increasingly difficult 10 coneain the
ambition of the Transylvanian nobility. As the woivader seized more
power, 0 did the nobles. After the withcirawal ofthe Mongol horde
setsing land from the Viach serfs was easier than ever before

Thesituation grew worsvover time until, underLadislun' eg,
nobles treated their domains as autonomous princedoms, freely
veising land where they pleased and even mobilising troops to hold
down the threat of peasant revolts Local nezes andthe Temoytvanian
‘oiende echoed this greed. The independent voivode Roland Borst
astengthened the independence of his lands, preparing for che day
‘when he would ule all.


ND OF THE Arran DyNasTyY

THE ROLE OF HISTORY


sucteaingly troublesome
funganar
ing

N VIOLENCE AND Tul


sonvenienced by debt thae they could only own five or 10)
villages. Only the tockiest could own 20.0r 40 rowns, Assured,
mus have been a great diappotntment

The nobles faced ether, more
they were feed to pay their axes
Though the Diet of 1291 reulted in aeclamation that nobles were
cesempt fromm taxes and military duty, thar decision did not bold for
tong By the beginning of che L4th century, even the nobles cued nit
for Teancipateon."

Ws problem. Lncreasingly
the vee instead of fhe king

{In 1324, the king ranted i, etcumventng the authority of the
ied. He granted "freedom" ro the nobility, releasig thea from
th alleged hardship. By 1342, they wom the right cast ad
falction withia their domains. Transylvanian sents ser

thei lor, even whule many Rornaniany

abo pid a "ifteth" of their income' w the king. Before long, the
Transylvanian nobles gained the right to a:cemble on their own in
the cary of Tanda. and they took this opportunity tong against

Sonn hin dippute waswerwheltned by afardeadbiee concern,

1548: Piicurt

Jn L348, the population of Transylvansa sufered drastically
underanothercarasophe: hs Black Plague. Fortunately the effect
‘ofthis event on the lands eyond the Foret wasnt a seven a8 ts
snpact Ga Western terior. A much lower popwlation dens
: pred of hinds May Weston tran nt 20-25%
of thelr population; some hot ax much as 50%) Transylvania Tine
sigificaney loss. While most of Europe needed over a century to
scpoyulie, Traraphrania tecovered in les thas 50 year

The CHaneine Mercnanr Cias

‘As the nobility changed, so did the populace. Even a euly as
reroll ofa village's trade relied upon agriculture

‘century, local craftenen worked for the benefit of

1 The changingecnomie lndssape of Transylvania,

however, encouraged skilled labyeets to relocate to mayor towns and
cities, By the uum of the century, several lange cites (including the

seven that act asthe focus for this hook) ee
or the worvodbne. Agricultuists sn
ras of the voivodat.

ceraftsmen lived te
sliferene
One lange encouragement was the promi
fom fouls lod, for a the eying goes. "Town alt rakes one fee."
enough could be freed fren full
Sependence. The groith of lds also made life ester for eeaftsnen
and skilled Liborers, incressing thelr profits and advancing their
skills The few remaining communal villages affered a a sevule of
losing thei skilled lor.

CHANGING GEOGRAPHY
By the latter Half ofthe Uh cent
smurtang towns n Traeyleania were Brow
Tirausita Several Lith-cennuy settlements, however, yrew lange
enough to be considered cities as well: Rodnis (a mining town in the
oorteat), Sibus (a manufieraing center inthe southeast), Alle
Talis cenetally leated Wuhopri), and Biri (known foe its
Ax majo cities ow in prominence, the living conditions there
increased. Steets became wellwom dist tacks, snd many wore
cventualy surfaced with wooden planks. Wooden bosses were wi

of independence

Someaie living i. tose Lr

ng and commerse)

tounded by eilifces of sone and fi

. Craferaee erected walle

‘ofthe larger cities ad in the South, even
were protected with wall. I ties ol darter, tw
focftigheved villageesto find refuge in awalled chan. Tranayivan
sccm little ante. for the time being

Raciat Migrarion

‘the Vth century, the bull of
alegilariveone—ehewords*noble" and *sokes" became kmewhot
ymaymous. In ropions where Sceklers, Sax
those hestsutted to defend thelr lar gated
ae, the Stoker had a considerable ed
In Wester Eitope, the use if heavysaty
in warfare, But in Eastern Europe, the Sieklet's Khe
<cavaleyrnctics wete ail elective, expecially against the rem
ng trent
Miko and Kalle funiles in 1252.
Though many preferred to stay in these howmelauls, sume
Seekers aw the opportunity to serve the king in

sacle.

J Romans
nhs tepaed
fed caviley wae

the southern pact of Trasryli
keane eo the

oy to gain fiver. [ncteasingly, loyal Soklers who had jo
‘devotion to the erown were granted the right to resettle
‘ng communities. Of course, if disenfranchised Rom

thar landilready. «became easier forthe new ve
lusisdition

eatin
Inorheran
te Those whe

nopporruniey fr the Viachisencoumayed many dy
nflee wuthwand. Themamwstpofland once sown

ania became Wallachia. Under the guvemance of Basal
ia became a haven fot refigees. In the sme

heaves! Morbi of the la

allowing Boga | t0

hlish ancthet sovereign

‘Thus, as these four maces continued to migrate the geography of
Traniylvanis hevame «patchwork qui of land adisstered by a
Vlachs, a respectable J armies
of Seekler. The ratio of Vachs to other Transylvanian also grew
snd the numberof peasants slowly rove

THe Orroman Host

By theondofthe 14¢h century, tn lea than 30a, theOktoman
Empire baad conquered mont of ve Bullans. As early ys 1375, they
began sasaulting the Kingdom of Hungary. Mices, the
Wallach aed oft Ta a vl
fled ts Tevyteania Desperately, he petitioned King Sigiomuna
-xsisonce Sigiamundunited both Wester ard Balkan warrior agiet
the advancing host, but was evenualy defeated in 1396,

Rowmnian prerenders made the sit

to ally yeith Turkish an H00p

withdrew from newly conqueced terriers, these ambitious Roms
‘ians eagerly took their place. Wid ee help ofthese teachers
rood, the av Peuraylvania

"The kitten desperately nected to baker its defenses: To
muster soldier, King Sigismund declared te. 1419 that every thi
‘robleman unk every tenth ser would cake up sme to help defend

TORY

few cornumunes o herof Samos

wale of

whawere able stage further asst

THE ROLE OF F


thie program way dernorurrated in £420, when f

devastated by x typical Turkulh attack. By 1425, the Seeklyfold
suflered grievous dhmaye from the joint attacks of pestender voivades
nd Turkish armion

Tue Spreir or REBELUON Bamps

This staat
Traniyliat

1 disastoow effeer upon the lives of the
ual ecb

throoghout Transy{vania during the eutly 15th century, Corteapond-
ingly, the number of Romanian serfs and independent Roninian
villages increased, The ranks of the lower clases swelled, Greatet
taxes were then levied on the serfs after the Ctroman assault,

Many Romanian wh followed the Greek Omthadox Church
Aun typically uy ihe, bucthe migration ofracesin Transylvania
and threat of Turkish atrack changed that. When Hungarians and
Saxons left southern cowna, more Romanians settled
shanidonei tra Hs Ute kg, in turn, proclaimed
whobaulsectiod in these "Christian lana" should pay exes orehele
defoene

fe Am increasing oumberof

Landowners alsa used tht
ieation. tn 135), the "
that trthing w
lewvingereater takesacd

‘ppertunity aan excuse to Increase
th" (or tithe) eas supplemented by 3
Joubled in many lands By rising rent,
rictngthe movement ofserfeto increase
revenue, the nobility put more of the bunken of paying for
Tranorbvunia's defense on the loter claus
Inaddition, the lowercluses haa not been mustered for tnlitary
Sury for centuries Lacking the reyources fhe Seder, they were ile
Prepared to go ny Rosnantans in adjacent lant grew
concerned about whether they would he conscripted as wel.
Some refused to pay theie Church tithes outright in protest.One
bithop responded by exconumunicating entire villages who refused 10
fy thesecnerous taxes He di, however, offer them an oppettunity
for redeem. They could pay for thele Chureh taxes with newly bived
cy — the valoe of this script Was 10 times chat of the old
currency, This exploitative maneuver wa a griewons mistake, and
ignited a conflagration of rebellion,

Peasants Revorr iN SOUTHERN
TRANSYLVANIA

inthe spengot 1457, Amal Badal Nagy led che Transylvanian
serfs tn » revolt againet the upper elwaes. The rebels refered to
theimelvesus"men offre status*and gathered het forceson Mount
Btolno in Daboka county, Vovade Lasse Caiky responded to this
toll ct by sending four legates ta negotiate
Envoys representing the pewants made their demands t the

legares inviting thac the clergy aed feudal lords shoukd atop the
attne of athe, lt the sentences of excixmmunication, dil >

Lncwlede the serfs' rghts eo fe movement. Theie demands were
answered swiftly and decisively. The representatives of the eoivade
‘captured the envoy, mutilate! them and then killed them. The
Jeger troops attacked soon thereafter, but were quickly defeated by
‘Ue enraged peuants Several months of skirmishes fllowed,

After centuries of mistreatment the rebellious mses fought

swith renewed vengeance. Arthe Convent af Kolossmonontor in July
of 1437, thle grievances were finally redeemed. The local hie
agreed ro reduce the tithes by half aul allowed the peasants eater
methods of repaying the final balance. The landowners alo drast
cally reduced their tent, lowering the average payment. from

one-and-a-half gold florins to 10 denaria. Additional reparation
{incl Hinting the oes vo one day ofsacage and ubandoning the
leering ofthe"ninth." Finally, the pestants were granted the right co
‘move freely

(Ofcourse, the peasants wanted uditional assurances that ehese
hard-won gains could be enforced. They demanded ce additional
ovision the freedom to call an annual armed assembly or, Mousit
Bubollna vo redres further abuses of the landowners' auchority. If
‘necessary, the new envoys ated, the peasants could then punt the
landlorh if here was proof of dong

This firal demand was un unprecedented affront to the self
esteem and selt-incerest of the nobility, who haa already begun
rnsccrng oops to ai further "enegotation," The flames cf rebel
wot had died down, bur thi sue stoked the fine again quickly. The
nobles rejected this last request ater. Ie expore, pewaats an
through the streen ofthe langes cities, terching manor howe aes
manor heune. The hale was rejoined. neither wide showed mers
and the fighting continued for nocher sox months

Tue Rise or Esrares

‘Throughout Eumpe during the eurly 15th century, feudalism
underwent afar moresubde change. Governments thit once entirely
suppored sovereign eulets were being replaced by cooperative
emments called estates. [n Hungary, this meant that instead of the
atsolute tule of a sovereign, set of eater would nude with the
fsstanes of aritoerets and wba, nh

Though different uccounts list different reascins for this change
tei clear thatthe Diet of 1477 ie Cj wa the frst of it kind in
"Transylvania. The Hungarians Seekers and Saxons called un "As
sembly af the Province" to mest ina general forum. Though they

dice fll laws (only the Hungatian Diet could do cha),
theycouldilletablch tatu forsinantions pectic to Transylvania,

By this time, tn many pars of Europe, the word "aation"
generally referred to body of nobility, As one would expect, only.
individuals who owned land outright were considered part of the
nobility, so enly privileged races could form nation, (Coming Land
‘communuilly was not sufficient.) Admittedly, there were « numberof
Romanians present athe meeting ofthe asemby, bur depite this
tual w Vlach eprecrtaton dhete was noca Romanian nation pee

Instead, the Diet of 1437 only recognised three estates of
‘natione: those of the Hunganans, Saxons and §
th maintain and even exten the privileges uf theve exe, huts
‘this time, they couldn't truly undertake joint political action. The
rung tide of rebellion woud 00m force ther t do 10

THe Barris RENEWED

Rebellion continued in Southern Tratwyhvania, The lane
spread. The vice-roweds of Transylvania responded to the gv
anarchy in Doboka by assembling the leader of the Three Nations,
acting without the approval of the vowede, They agreed to.a "hroth-
«aly union gains internal andextemal theatstothe province (sive
for the king, of coune) and did what the diet couldn': take joint
tion

Thu, on Oct ih the two sides agred to meetin village in
Dobuka county t0 ak for arbitmtion from the king. The king,
anfortely died tle mer» month ber. Hewat, Prince
Alhert of Habsburg, had noe yet arrived, an the royal decision was
delayed. Had this notoccurred, the furure of Transylvantamight have:
heen ery ciferene

rough chia ic.


Mirra

VENGEFUL

CAINITE HISTORIES
AND DESTINIES

Tur Hanes H


usually all 100 eager to declare that he could dispatch a policical
tival quickly, if need he. As the Trimisce expanded
d threats of neighbering rulers, both living and uridead. the
1 sharpened his alone and #! f his opportunities to
lnflice his own brand of savaige
Atlas on Kupala's Night over 50 years later, Mien was offeced
fvermy.A pack of werewolves
Flocescu's negate, acl the count relayed th
wal. In truth, the pack of Garou sought hor
J Kinfok
edly enough, tewasnt their oaly goal
bitter herocs through the dark forests of lis lan.
ensvcd

with the Lords tnereased, he

pecmselves. Only rately di

ely pare
conflict was it

Aru. Mam

hiemelf hut he abu sent messenger

Gangre! and Ravnos spies soon reported that Mitru's wire wa
i stiatr alliance in the Eset. Ax an ancient Cangre), Arnulf

spoke eloquently of the days when the might of uh

dhak tert c growth of feud

aad the pro

Amult, No de

barbaric lands wan fae mace:

in the wake of a herd dat laughs

warily
cet rec

trols and passed ito
soon be at hand

Epc Destruction

Ini? bd indeed decimate much of what the
Teanaylvanians had created. Mitru wa wroth, and he blamed
snuch of the failure of sign on ee Teimisce foudal lords
who had refused to trust his designs fully. W
responded to the Mongol invasions with cu
growl of the cities, the colonization of the

snbunsen

Disgusted wi
suineous brethren. many were content to roam with small

of ulles, forsaking contact with the rest of thett clan


‘Many Gangrel punished Mri for hs faihne to hold of the
Mongol invasion by openly showing theis disdain for him. Displays
blood and hone were left as terrible wamings in Mitru's realm.
‘Coan Flarecu, who was once his staunch ally, chose to no longer
ssociate hiawelf with wich a falure, Armul, Mic Icon
became an intretable andl Ireconcilable enerny, The only alles
Miena cul fil were the rourning and digentented Cainites whe
apie co sete power rot the fel lows. Foe seme, chong, their
adesrow the feudal svarem. hut to exolot it further.
Exacting his anger on the innocent he had once chosen to
protect, Mitru becazie a peedator motwared only by selfamterest. As
hhehad abondoned hope, he fotsook any peeterseof humanity, Trust
‘ha fated bien. When he at Last foun x pack to hunt with him, he
{ejosced in living like a fel beast in the nighe. Axe lost himelf in
the cil f the hunt night after ight be Feared nox to ust polities
orallegiance, but instead, to follow the path of bis awn intinet. At
lar, the urges thar had called co him during the hunt could tun
tunclsecked The Beat ili Ina Lage nd hike ein be
pretense of primitive yustsce. His sl was unmasked
ren ashe slowly lost his humanity, he will malneained
cof pride. Ir 1397, Mitra abandoned his domain, After
1s of Transylvania, he Jed his bethtens hack to the
domain of Count Flotestu. Allying witha pack ofShadow Lorde who
knew nothing of Mitu's infamy fom years pas, they at xt burned
the estate of the Danisay revenants to the ground. A few tevenants
survived, so Mitru once again reveled in hunting them for sport
through the dark lands of the Transylvanian forests

Pestanyiny his tecacherous enetny renewed his sense of esteem,
und roused him ftom the bestial urges thar had consunsed hie.
Mirus pack allowed bi the honoe of diablenzing Count Plovesci,
and Mitr found the tice of the immortal sou bach tos liking: As
back veins of comuption spread through Mitru's aura, he luted for
a greater soul

Mutrachove path of vengeance tharnight, bor faehtmselfand

of the citi, and yo, Mitra reasoned, Amulf had w die- Mii
thar night to take his place, once more ascending to a postion of
power withtnfisclan. The Beast would revel in the thal ofthe hunt

Nova

that of is ie

i heeds

VENTRUE FALLEN IDEALIST
Giving up all hope of maintaining the Council of Ashes Nowa

dleclaredehat the conapiseoeswho imprisoned her—Mierv,Ruxandrs
snd Manusea—were woke hunted thigh the foresoof Tearayleania
‘Any who could capture them and destroy them would be rewarded
with the peivilene of dhblericing shoie seule anil maaan sate
power. Of course, few Trataylvanian Cainites acknowledged the
authority ofthe Ventrue Eastern Lords. The Tsimisce, eto eerally
beliewed that depose leds houldthedtblerised anyway, cared lee
for Nova's declaration, and w few were bold enough to rexporad by
walkin her instead

Pournieat, MANIPULATION

Renewini her efforts, she later took the initiative and used
Alrsct tnfluance tm the Diet of Cluj. This legislature had heen
{formed in 1288 to advance the goals of Teansyh
grandiose display, she attempted to sway the other Cainites im the

city with beavad
become legendary. mot v

aril bluster, After her huumillating flute hid

npires knew thut the real power in the
dict was held by the rapidly rising Marusca of Clan Novferatu

By 1315, oven the Easter
snip tehmente. The

As they guined power, they encourage veher ambatiiuy

exceed her modest success. A seneschal was appointed t

tax, since Now had problema with auch

she recetved freraber misters

her wealth remained, her power wa waning.
Over the next 30 years
Empre areempted to place
Power, [n 1349, Prince Manusea of Hermianstadt was stripped of het
authonty and replaced with a Saxon p ed Otto the Juss
Despite the audacity if chs PY hers lke hie. hs tedgn
was mercifully abort. As he
verbene declarations of

we Vente uf the Holy Roman
ther Sexon

san and

ummed ee prirple* his eypleally

abil and justice were han
stereotypical Ventrue propagarna

‘The embittered Cainitesof Transylvania, after watching ston

coverlonde wth

ti met weitl Fal

ger clans fail such attempts; asaulted their new
brutality and inti
The mnt strngant were tortured,

The mest fortunate ¥
shlerzed ce spy cater

Surprinngly, Otto survived. It oa rumored, however, that he
ret (of one hind or noche) foe the:

Tranxylvanian princes

A Swer ix Power

Further, fact, many Tsimiice found thy Séeklen
leave the Steklers 10th

they want robe Transylvanian? T
ty mnanipulacing them even more tharoughly than the Ventra
astern Lords by exploiting the syerem that the Humyarians had
established with Nova's help

pemints

fence co their hidden masters, made

Why

nt ceatety of p
Fiendk inculeated them

sf Trneaplenni
wt the next two cen lard Jeter
pon the ser

theieland Unable conte

sdtoune thu to her advantage aswell
She reported to the Ventruc Eastern Lands that the sytem we
thriving, though she ws ity, nate to stead
power hack from the T

dimninished, and even het hold
became terms at best

Boonce rapidly

Medic

Alter 1420, the vampires of the Anatch Rebellion seght
crime her hinhet. The cunated concepy ofthe Council of Aries
Was. grave afftoot fo neonates seeking wo purge Transylvania
corruption anesealich ax ty. Novalled Herrsanutad,
sod packs of anarchs rejoiced in the sreet

The harsh dictates ofthe feudal ltd ulso encouraged repeal
from the mortal populace. At last an 1437, revolution broke ot. The
peasant ying wag

At the Diet of Cluj S

Sao andl Hungarians wete declated

THE ROLE OF HISTORY


cured their lords, neonates wareed against olde
bs overthrew feudal lords: The:
oon the established Cainite wrceties No
litte sway
‘camoelastic, she could see thar her battle was hong sins
Clearly her oppartunitiesowe tury would not rely on,

the face ofthe Eastern Lords. She carefully contemplates hermext

and packs of
arch continued thei war

ould se that she held
wer the decisions of the Eastern Lads, and though

Consamen IN FLAME

By 1440, the Domain of Mestiasch was overrun by pucks of
neonates, Nova Arpad, nin symbol of theo

pression ofthe ellen
1) packs of neunares acrost the wilde of
Tranyleatia, This was ne Blood F elders, however,
but o Wild f the young. Fleeing into the
HolyRoman Empie sould have been futile, for she kitew chat the
punishment" she would receive rom the aldest Ventre wink
ven mote severe. Escaping ito

unt used far the span

cant howing before
the traditiomalise Tsim i sefage th
wade Bag dealing with the Takich host
Nova was forced (0 make « desperate alliance, as the enemy
fAne's enemies make ne ullies. Faced with no easy
nv ally for the

Tremere. Her exiemive knowledge of Eastern Lani and Arpad

Ventnae pat

expe, she devked that she could he an excel
would make her a usu) consultant,
Jnewunly could nor app

ugh she
100 desperite, Cartionsly, she Would
nuke her move. Kegretiuly, she began her wuaney toward Corts

By the

idsfifecenit century, when the upwurt Tremere
ng tevonile and ally with the elicit Vente,
= The

Jets in becom

acivey. This would destroy her

Nowa wud be esemtial to thele megotiatl Js held in

infavon by er own clay, she would ussor the L
ing accepted members of Cainite

reputacian more than ever befo

Rapa

Taimisce ANACHRONISM
In the

lather dovelopmene of a fortress tn the Titun

arly Ut cercury, Radu was wise eo encoumage the
Pass 4 cabal of

Teutonic Knight, feaful of the growing thteat of bacbariuns to
ie cas, later wok over ehe fortress ax part of thetr alliance with
As the cabalise labored ta forty the eavtle

further. other members of thei order esnstructed Bean Caste ts
the south, nenr Brasov. When both groups atlas fell out of favor
with the king of Hungary, they recreated from Transylvania: The
fortress remained. Ray Westructed his mort skilled selatche tiv

begin the construction of « minoe labyrinth beneuths the Tihuta
Hass castle. This decision would forestall his destrvetion aver 200

the Hungarian king

> late

Chan T
While privilege few held ponition
hikder were uty
able

fated Telmisce

misce changed considerably over the next century
J power, all oooiten, their
le to fin such opporeuniry. Feudal lords who
Jetend their domains for centuries emily de:
onates, foreing mort of them to seek the
nother lands

Nonethelest roaming packs of unger Teimisce discovered
+ weapon that would use them in overthrowing thete elders —

the force of unity, On Kupala's Night, packs of Fiend, slong with

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES |

their Gangrel and Nosferatu conspirator, lead to desecrate the
holy ries of cher lan and wte them as declarations of allegiance,
Exploiting the puranota and fear ofthe beleaguered feudal lords,
fanatic pucks found dhe edge they needed 10 tebel agains theit
cdc: In far-flung Lends of the Voivesate, Fendish packs a
salted feudal domains.

MisrortuNe
A few feudal lords were able to 0

‘ment, but they we
to collectively oppose a few pa

ranze against this move:
too concerned with their individual pede
cf imperuuns neonates. Count

Radu maintained hi allegiance with a few nearby Tsimisce len,
although soone Fienda cynically remarked that he only did #0 10

«buffer zone between his domain and the advancing packs
of neonates. Despite the arrogance of the Trimisce Feudalist, half
» dozen feudal domain had (allen by the end of the 13th century
Even the princes of the largest cities beyan to fear the neonate
Teimdace, eapocially wen they bepan to sweat vengeance ag
their own clans,

As the struggle between neonates and elders
Ravi' position as spokesman, diplomar and interpreter fot bl
clan became more tenuous. Since neonate Teimisces were dlowely
becoming the higgesr threar to the stability of Cainite soctety,
Radu wis called upon co med:
Teimisce packs. It was cleat, however, that the Transylvanian,
Teimisce vystem of feu decay.

There wasnoreasoning with the rebellious vampires, and the
Ventrue's all to exile Clan Tiensce as a whole fot "elvilized"
nt Radu, Even s

f¢ oF negoriate with roving

Cainate politics was u yrave afl
‘traditionalists like the count coul
stead wlio contd sty
could rally dhe clan ayatnst 4 co
heeween neonates und el

We Tarkist ASSAULT AND WALLACHIAN
DEFENSE
The need was even mote pressing because the Turkish heist
wasadvancing toward Wallachia. The Hungarians withdrew their
support from the defenders of the Eust. The wisest ofthe Tsimmlse
ould sa thas both young and old would lose thele labs to the
hordes of infidels f they could not work together. While the
Transylvanian Tsimisce were beset by enemies within and with:
events in morral history helped save the clan in neatky
achia

the pure emnity. A tue yrant

Upon reflection over 600 year
true vampiric ar

acer, the Fiend, out of
wgance, wold inaist that their skillful pol
tics resulted in Walluchia's stand of independence in 1330.

As with many such "points of view," this belief eas exagger
ted. Mortal politicians forged the wovereign stave of

Wallachia, and many elder hadow
Lords tled co that land to eseape che mounting madness in the
lands heyond the forest

smnisce and ambitious

As moe Trimisee packs gained strength within his dowaain,
Radu rived his haven to the eaele in Tihuita Pass He descended
bck into his labyrinth beneath the caste, Fervently, his allies
prepared armies of wohed vo defend the northern regions; secretly,
he lent his financial asszance to clam activities in Wallachie
When the stace was formed in 1330, Radu rejoiced. Further
spportuniries were at hand.


at Tiberiu
int. When ps


Transylvania, His messenger :

Vassily' site, 4 powerful Ravmos in (


‘As Vassily fad expected, the Rout slowly anigrited past
Bytantium a they continued theie quest fora homeland, By 1320,
the Gypries rated into Bulgaria, and within » century,
they would become a common sight in Hungary, Vanily rook
pride in the adaptability of his people By his wecount, he bud
‘layed an instrumental role in improving theit lives. His pride,
however, soon turned 10 sh

‘Vasily was not the ont
abeie che

ios who had spoken robin elders
ortunttios in Easter Buse, hue hn wav tll eee
ced there, The lands ofthe East were no
sanctuary, for the Turkish hose also knew the wealth af Eastern
Europe, By 1350, they too began theit advance into Bulgaria
Gypsies fled from the newly captured territories ofthe Ottoman,
Eng ‘many were caprured and killed
Those who escaped and aurvived divided into two groupe,
The members of he horde," orate! keprthele reedoen, for whut
it was woeth, Despite this, an inereasing numberof them beeame
ret The laompanias wlio settled in one repton
for too long increased their chances of being impresed into
servitude. Those who encamped roo close to the strongholds of
Venue or Ts faced mote severe presure. The
‘well-established nobles and overloads of Eastern Eucope consid:
red the Ciypates expendable. Despice thelr unity, the Rom were
too weak fate, Behind thts sacietal fiasco, the
Turks continued to encroach on the lands che Gypsies aban
Joned, Vassily' diagrace tumed to hotter

Tue Turkisit Host

The threat of the Turks increased, and the Kingdom of
Hungary prepared to defend its western lands. The Battle of
Kossove destroyed thets hope Vaceily'e family, the Taleo: was
barely surviving in Koasovo when the Turkish host descended on
the homes of the innocents who lived there, When one of
Vassily's Ravnos agents told bim of the carnage, he hurried
sourhwurd (0 we their fate. Kowovo had been ravaged, und severa!
embers of the Taltos family had been butchered. Even worse,
‘umerous children, including children of his awn descendants,
hhad been abderad co he trained ub Jannisary warrions

fiedtowieness what

avoid their

Futyconsumned him. The enraged Ravnasdesperately needed
to know more about the king's plans. Me set his mini to the task
—he must use whatever influence he could to aid the defense of

Hungary. Though he knew he cou
demanded thar his splesvedouble d
te fil out more about

ot reeutn to Buda-Pest, he
ir efforts, He absolutely hac
rmoctal' plans to counter the Tuekith
threat; Otherwise, he could not help.

This also met with failure. The spies fervor increased their
chances of ducowery, and soon chereafter, the Ventrue uncovered
thea ofinformor Dewi' onnera
destroyed. A few fled the city. and bes
Turks, This enraged Vassily even more

Nonetheless, he had leumed the tntent of the Hungarian
Ventrue. The fact thar they had concealed (c was hardly
surpriting. In petitioning the leaders of the West, they wete
amassing great wealth, ostensibly for the purpose of hiring
mercenaries, T ruse to exploit
Tranyylvanian suffering

Why should they underrake un enterprise as costly as war?
Transylvania and Wallachia were closet to the Turkish front,
afterall, and if the easterners exhawated ther resources holding

rete Rada Prt wee

the tont, d
defense, One
exhausted from cheit war against rhe Turks, the

‘would then find tewsier

Hungaruns would have mote thme w prepate tor

he Transylvanian und Wallachian. people were
oa Hangar
hjigate them. H wasadangenis

ily dec
obeyed

them, und che schism between tich snd

Gypsies. impowerihed

he forest
1nd for his
been shattered. Once again mistreated ane teviled, the

trlers in the lands bev
were also suffering greatly, Vossly's dream of « hos
people
‘Taltos kumpanias lived in poverry in the shadow of «terrible wat

Snarrerep pens

Betrayed by the Arpad Ventrue, abandoned hy the Humgar
lan Cainices, and reviled as a defender of an impovertl
Vass

J tee,
altos had love all vewiges of dealin, His efforts at
‘infiltrating the courts of the powerful had heen wavted. Kings
cared not a whit forthe fates of commoners. The wealthy wanted
‘the poortodic fighting their brutal foes, The V
to le the Ravnos and theit people starve.

Vausily coukl easily see the place the wild held for the
Ravnos. There was no reasoning with the rich and peowerful, fir
they held cheie own sel&-interest above all ele. The cumulus
life he hau fed convinced hit that sues
Vasily T

chad abandoned the Ri
the hind fully embraced the Puth of Paradox. Chan
hh greatest ally

ZELIOS
Visionary Nosreratu Mason

Within 4 seant 60 years of his Embrace, Zell' repeications
had become legendary. Because of h
actos Western and Eastern Europe were stronger. Even the
‘Tremere had drawn upon his skill a» a consultant, for in 1196,
‘Goratntx had hired the Manter Mason to improve the defenset of
Couris. He was at the be

tnfchaov oe victimes

tage nivice, forrresies

of his fanie, yet he still wspected
that simewhere along

as designs,

Reveuition
Several year after the construction of a seeming
Pass, Zelios left Eastern,
roamed the Middle East for over 4 century. While
this added an aura of mystique:
events ns an oppornunity 10 continue Lis srady of constructions
in Aneient Kerpe His inovwledge ‘i yada
traveled, he carefully reflected mysteriously aspected
locations he had chasen for his greatest works of art
On @ night whe
mil, As the rtarlighr reflected o0 the cul
of the Nile, Zelias realized in horeor the significance of what he
had done. He recalled designs he had noticed wpen de
Ceoris, The onder of lines in the veeminly i
used by the Tremet
built many of his ¢
design. The fortrese
occulted design

ital castle in Transylvania' Tibu

hls legend, he used this turn of

the scars were in alignine

queiitta igs
were analogonsto the ordet im which he hi
les. Ley lines did indeed complete the

asa whole, wore aligned a» part of as

THE ROLE OF HISTORY



head tearnedin the depo the Egyptian tombs, Amazing. there
\was a connection between the art of feng shui he leamed from the
Cachayuns and the geomantic science he had seen wed in Egypt

, Zelion tenurmed to Europe. Abandoning his reputation in
Eascem Europe; he began to study locations of oceule significance to
find the secret societies of the mortal world,

Through his night, he coneiwed to travel, and study mone of

the occult geometries of ancient architects, chi time in Wester,
Europe. The 666 tiles of the refeetory of Alhains frzimated him.
‘Through diligence and pocenc scrength, he unearthed the entranice

Phe mans of Mitre
hire Towerof Languedoc

construction of Atlantis — over

the next 200 ye
Inexorably to the

18 Fepenltories of oceult wind lel itn
that u hidden society of mortals hd
concealed a vase knowledge we
Caines

In 1466, he at lar confronted the auypat society that hid
powledge of the anciencs, That, however, is another

beyond the avarice of unknowing

THE ROLE OF HISTORY


CLG

RAAT AK)

Saulot has fallen. and to what end? The demon Kupala rages in his ancestral hame at
whose behest? Beneath the dead soil of Transylvania pulses an undying heart, but for
how long? The prophecies of Gehenna are coming to fruition in the Dark Medieval

world. Only those who would defy destiny itself can stem the dark tide of the final nights.

Dark Tides Rising, the first of the four-part Transylvania Chronicles, mikes

acters on the ride of their unlives— through the epic annals of Cainite

return to the Tremere's Ceoris
chantry and in the Anarch Revolt itself. The Transylvania Chronicles
cross over with Vampire: The Masquerade and span 8

ite and mortal history. Players now have a chance to

The springboard for a four-part epic chronicle
xamination of several ongoing plot threads in the World
kness, including the inevitable coming of Gehenna

An opp players' characters to assume formative
roles in momentous Cainite events, even the formation
of the Camarilla and Sabbat
