# File: Transylvania Chronicles II - Son Of The Dragon.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

VER CHRONIC! VAMPIRE: y
ES AND VAMP! MASQUERADE ae
»


BY BRIAN CAMPBELL AND Nicky REA


Crepirs

Authors: Brian Campbell and Nicky Rea arty" Tinney, for crippling hisself in the goal box
Additional Material: Jackie Cass ince again,

Additional Conceptual Design: Justin Achill Rob *Ginger™ Hatch, for being the smart one of the group.
Developer: Justin Achill Justin "Scary" Achill for the congue thing (even though he
Editor: Cary Gi ‘wanted to be Posh)

Art Director: Lawrence Snelly Greg "Posh Fountain, foe that hideous jacketswiped from
Layout & Typesetting: Katie MeCashill bellboy at GAMA,

Interior Art: Andy Bennett, Pin Gert, Fred Harpe Andrew "Baby" Bates, for demanding attention with regard
RiencAndsw Richie his experiences with Trinity, frankly

Maps Robby Powe, Const V And. of course. Madonna. Will you marry me

Front Cover Art: Andrew Ritchie Nicky's Speciat THANKS

Back Cover Arts Fred Harper Tol Commensali —we really must meet more frequently than

Front & Back Cover Design: Katie McCaskill ‘once a centuty for dinner
To the authors of the Giovanni Chronicles for the use of the
Founders and to Daniel Greenberg for the characters from
Children of the Inquisition,
Many thanks to Rob Hatch for his patience and Justin Achill
for his insight: we search for the truths within the lies in
‘ome illuminated only by the flickering flames ofthe Iyhad

©1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. Al rights reserved. Reproduction
cep fr che pispdes of eviews and (oe Bank character thieex hich 735 a Wont Bur.
may be reproduced for personal use only, White Woll, Vampite the /
Masquerade, Vampire the Dark: Ages, Work of Darkness ancl Mag
Arcension are regenedtrademaria of Whi Wolf Publishing Ine, All isTOn, GA 30001
rights reserved, Werewol the Apocalypse, With the Oblivion, Change
ngs Werewolf the Wald West, Transylvanta Chronickes 1 USA
Rising, Transylvania Chronicles Son of the Dragon, The GENE STEDIO
sition ara Tea irks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All
acter ames, ph t copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing Inc
The mention of ore ©-any company oe product in these pages is ot a challenge to the trademark ve

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and thewes, All mystical and supernatural element
tin ned for entertainment purposes only. Reader discretion is advised
heck out White Wolf online at

puepifiwwwawhite-wolf.com:; alt games.whitewolf and ree.games frp storyteller

PRINTED IN L


Taste or CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

Cuaprer ONE: SHADOWS OF TRANSYLVANIA

Carrer Two: Boop CaLts To Boop

CHAPTER THREE: HACELDEMA

Cuaprer Four: Propuecy in AMBER
CHAPTER Five: CHARACTERS

CHAPTER Six: STORYTELLING THE CHRONICLE

Appenpix: THe Rous or History AND Destiny

TABLE OF CONTENTS





Bere Jorn noble: Jorn borer:
The common people kr1ow
mie, and? am master

- Bran Stoker, Dracula


‘most tumultuous periads of v history. particulatly in

the voiv ‘Transylvan

ithin th
anic Ventre, power-hungry v
che virvues of che Camunil, of
os in their midst. And not
mes of feudal

sects tur s know so welt ariginat
during thus me:
The end of the Anarch Revolt ust

childer, By carefully man
rulers of Transylvania, they recruit new leadery ints
s. One of the most promising of these is Via
, the mortal know Sottof the Drayon, thou
ut chi: Fiends' attempts at dominance
For all the clans, the birth of the Renaissance being
nei ideas... and spawns nev Transylvania's s

Tue CALL OF THE NiGut

ld and in the Darl Me;
conjures up ch
2 lands, there
a Masquer e ¢ of the Blood he
here, f
1d. Simple f
1 their door when the »

here — legend bee
lean to live in fea

aunst the ty
with rage
purchase these f naming. coteries
Jefend the boundaries of traditional d
annoteseape the packs
down the eldets of their own clans. Clan ‘Ts
particular, is caught in the theoes uf this violent revolution.
Lish neonates palows oforce great castles,
fighting not for land or honor, but for the fulfillment of
their bestial desire
By the end of this century (and the end of this segment
Ivania Chronicles), the childer of Caine will
implerely ceworked the structu


Those who side with the fledgling Carnarilla vainly attempt

twhold onto their humanity while hiding behind the mortal
ocietiesof humans Oppestn most be
ncluding the childer of Goratrix, the Tsimisce
J thi Cainites wha destroyed Lasombra—forsake hui
g into the

Tranyly
ancient and unspeakable evil, The
athe wing, thescrean

thes sre the sound:

ss draws to.# clove, but unother

agedy follows in its wnke

lhusteate the
na isseparnted

THE THEME OF IMMORTAUTY'S
CORRUPTION

This chronicle slowly taints th

tute of te modern age speak all too quickly ofthe ¢
for blood, thescorn of mortals, the distractions of politic
burden vampires endure |s imimortality itself

Vampires are static ere ut che world around
theme | storting their grand


ave. Base schemes turn villain

altruistic Cainites create nightmare wr choos
Time alters all thin ¢ repercussions that vam
actions have on history reflect the most sinister aspect of
all chat it

the fulfillment of

Gaine's curse. Ax your coterie surviv thieves

he m  despnir a

Tie Moov or Lecenpary
TRANSYLVANIA

erongly influenced by the netic
ng + throughout

sfectly capable of en

ght. Don'ebe afraid
jor of Trasyleamia.

their
vampiric

ind tecreate them, The archery

RANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES I

legend brood in. your-subconscions. Nurture them in thy
tainted soil ofthis land. Recall the terrihle castle on the hull
the ery of wolves by moonlight, oF f

culties harbor secrets that wid de

How ro Cise Tris Boo
Welewme u Enter

Dark T

ese of uve. Chapter One of this
characters and events of the line

Two, Three and Four present th
First, your troupe has th
with Vind the Hi
J conspirncy. Your © either
bind him fh


in Wallachia, wher
nefarious villains of
the castle walls. 1

anarch stalks one of the: most
Sainite history, and fate turks outside
y depends on your corerie's actions
Chapter Five describes the dramatis personae of these
scories and offers more ideas for using them in your chronicle
fre rages fiereely in Transylvania, but much of
vampiric history s shaped by the individuals your coterie will
15, including a few more systems for
events of downtime between stories.
Finally, for the historically minded, the Appendix de-
fenbes some of the events of mortal history that secuered
during this time. This s contrasted by a series of summaries for
several prominent ofthe fate: L5thcentury, The most
relevant of these is a brief treatment of the origins of Vlad
Tepes, the Soa of the Dragon

wr munful tovices for epic Stonytell

ndling the interludes

‘Wander through the bleak castes we have constructed
foryou. Lose yourself in thett dark corridors, and emerge with
further revelations of the Old Country. Encer freely md leave
safely, for when you finish your exploration, you will earry
with you stories of legendary Transylvania

INSPIRATION AND REVELATION

‘The Storyteller has a number of cheiees te make for her
chronicle right from the stare. Will it be a saga of historical:
recreation, or will itecho the dark legends of the vampire myth'
‘Weproferusingalittleofboth. Withthat im mind, wehavedrawn,
fora variety of enxces. Tranaylvanian emoeieh
con history nlone. Mortal history forms the inspiration; classic
archetypes of horror bring them to vivid unlife. The following
sources can help guide further research for your chronicle:

‘A History of Traneyhinis by Stephen Paces

History of Tramsylvania ed. by Lazslo Nikai, et al.

History ofthe Late Medieval Balkans 64. by John Fine

A World Lit Oniy By Fire by William Manchester

Viad Dracula: Prince of Many Paces hy McNally and Florescu

In Search of Dracula by McNally and Florescu:

Viad Tepes by Stoiescu

and, of coune, Dracus by Bram Stoker

Orner Resources

Several of the most influentiat vampires during this
time are stiamarized in Children of the Inquisition, That
book provides additional idea for ISth-century chronicles,
as well as decaited essays on Viad Tepes, Durga Syn, Etrivs,
Lambach, Tyler, Ratuel de Corazon and many other
Gainites of the era. We owe a debt of
dation for this book

Unfortunately, Childven of the Inquisition i long out
Cf print. For chose of you with Intemee access, the book i
archived for fice downlad ws che White Wolf website ac
‘up hve white-cef com. Individuals without Internet a¢
cestare advised ro pense the shelves of wed book and yume
stores, or to improvise, (The continuity police won't come to
your house, we promse.)

Tie Price OF FREEDOM.
Is not eregnal vigilance, but the willingness

to make modifi gy to the tile as role
The Trainsylvaiia Chronicles sre-cooud ig
vayppire histos\y Which maineyins thAB the
Camila etidesb be A narch Revale in 149Fand
Deieliway Esabrared by Lambuch\The story, os
preseredy sSsonigeithy: Vampire hiltecy contin
(ana ae allies and eneniitagand
‘hailing WHA jxbindweck forthe centuries afte
thae lie ahead of eer
Bai gwhne? Hey' Whe giateahuse i.
vouPe@tine ends dp sabbtastalggke Gonventioa of
Thorts and the Abagh Reoismadelips, v0 be i
Maybe cunning chaugeis your do fee end up as
prisct or caudal athe Sabbat — pagel for then

(wel, sore fet J Reomaeraiiclby, he story
herein Ae eos YORE Able fia. Ma

‘your part of the World of Darkness your own



place Judge whether 3 sexy truth
— Sheridan ReSerws, ‘Cow rnille


THE DAWN OF A
New AGE

In the late-t5th century, E
meaty ch

ww Europe witnesses

ts, drastically redue-
ng-travel rime herween distant cities. After gunpowder
perfected, the heutality oft

ger. Conches repluce

laces the chivalry of the medieval knight. Feudal
ombility stowly chang ints resist the yoke of

daylight ind ind womersstrugele
to drive back the darkness of the Mille Ages

Once the sun sees,

1, even hopeful mortals flee
tteyrowingshadows. Fearfully,chey keep their hearth tre
inside their homes. Thy
and the dead ie godoarnsr thin,
es drive sane men re
le the nightan Eastern Eusrape, even in

basing, butriending themselves

WHEN WE Last Lerr Our
VILLAINS.

Before we descend into Transvlvania's maelstrom of
ial change, nize sone major details
fron the list episode in the Transylvania Chronicles: If
ou) haven't uncovered the secrets in the fist book of the

series, Dark Tidus Rising, chis chapter ean help ve

catch
at-f,on the other hand, your eoterie has
rything the last two centuries had to offer,
sectlon can sexve as a quick way ca recall the major asp
of the ehronicte,..and uncover a few surptives,
Each snstallivent of the Transylvania Chronicles builds
he details of the Last
cory bef it, OM rivals return; neonate chiler nese;
forsott new horrars. Ifyou are presenting
in your troupe, the summary
ig them up to speed.
ranted permission to photocopy the
Surumary for personal wae

Notasi& CAINITES

Against the backdrop of

survived

wy cast with centuries of

this cheonicle to new pi
below should help

octal history, the aindead
hele passion play. Clan
uly common, largely because
Lie their consanguineous
inst ance ar fol
low, the schemes of individuals slowly succumb 10 the
treacherous alliances of Transylvanian cluns.

eldest Cainites
enemies. In the years

mates may speak of tele clans' elders with scorn, buc

» of the Ancients of Transylvania still eveke feat and
Rese wold be fool ils to openly vevile Tremere,
sarper Clan, Only the pose

the Antediluvian leader of the

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES It

suicidal would venture uninyited ango the depths of Yor
Inhyrinth, the Cathedral of Flesh, where fanaeic Tsimisce lea
the forgotten secrets of their ancestor.

Rebellious neonates scheme to usuep the power of
these two Methuselah, but they face the competition of
other Ancients. Michael of Clan Toreador watches in
horror as his power rapidly diminishes under Turkish siege
tn Constuntinople. His nighes ate
tho city will be conquered by the Oreoman Empire. T
cant, Arnulf, a powerful Gangrel, waits for the night when
the Turkish host will overrun Transylvania. Nearby
cf the Turkish conquerors

The Ventrue pose another threat to the freedom
younger Cainites, The Eastern Lords — Ventruc on the
frontier of Bastern Europe —regrot that Bu
of their clan, has fallen int torpor, but the opportunity to
exploit what he has built in Hungary ts atll there
Saxon Ventrue are well known in
their greed anu their tenacity

WANDERERS IN THE NiGHT

Many Cainites haune and protect the same domains fos
centuries, but they cannot restrein undead who travel
wherever they please. Anatole is one such creature,
Malkavian prophet who seeks visions of God's plins. In
contemplating the injuscice of the universe, he unce
prophesies of the coming of Gehenna, Luci neue
Loxomben assassin who travels un is wake

wed, iw i 1481,

In the last few centuries, several elder Assamites bu
remained hidden in the mayor cities of Eutope, Now many
fulfilling his contract In Prague, he returned 10 Alam to
await his next assigriment. Farig ts another story: He once
controlled the merchant section of Buda-est, but was
gained sympathy for the mortals of Transylv
since fled to thei realm

a and has

‘The nomads and morcal families of Clan Riv
sulfered violenes, persecution and prejudice (re

ans and Turks alike, Originally, they had hoped
now homeland in Europe, but thetr dreams by

cruelly destrayes!. Vassily Taltox wo» host

ss have

Ravnos. He is well aware of the suffering a the newly
arrived Gypsies in eastern Hungary, and will eventually
create u childe, Viadistay Taltos, as tv iste
vengeance.

Ipllucsicce oe vecal jacks sf Ibs fellow

ent of his

Finally, there isZelios, 1 well-known visionary of lan
Nosferatu, He hus gained notoriety for designing muny of
the major castles chroughout Europe. Unfortunately, he bas
gained some devious enerutes, including a cule of power-
hhungey Seties


Curonicie SUMMARY: Our Story So Far

Anyone who ware to sreely simplify the legend of Dark
Modieval Transvaniacanaumitupeuceincth: Meatcéthetroulde
tnthistandcomesfromthe conflict between Eaitand Weatinhe
L2theentury, the Wester clans tried to organize dheldiomtie sg
ester Hungary toserve their elish purposes The ExserniLord
Venere weer the mos ambirions Eqgély, they ificened 1s
‘expand their influence into the votwsiate fff ean van,
Their designs were noe wbollynitho ment. One of their
‘plans helped settle thie Remote pezioniof cxszem Hungary
and TraxrlvunitAfte King Geen lt angi bei Fe
colontation of Texaaylvaniasyith he pete uf 114 he
anstocrcy of west nary ecoampe! Sine tie fron
the Holy Roman Emp, eee ee.

‘Traneylvania. The
Siebenburyen, an rok
ities ie the regio

‘
ronan cri

‘Transylvania had e
tazniilees Absietit: Dacia
peice wee

Eprinices ofthetrekn, entity erica! elabornc
okey f "maintains contml "anceserl d= =
oe ee a pols

ruthlessly oppose? ani sibie quosticned cher atthority.
Soroe ye

European vamp day

enennythe Usa ein 1

‘surtured the ghar foraes

cofblood. Chan Tremenetise
coping a Far
ments. The
Thaumanurgicall
slaughtered many

dean the Tree da eR RR ca ee °
yong Teimisce ave leaned 0) Neyalpsch of:
hari Uruted at lst, they respond to the thie of the
(Gnurpers and the Ventre. Blood calh toblogdind she Boal 2

cof the vinculum have made these ct
snr anactay

[hulle conspire
oF ent. Steinem

‘vmpiresofotherclanseally to theie a
cof the night alygned against the elders. "ty
‘The okdiers of this army nurse fervent hatred for their
eller, hreatenarig and sometimes staying the Cate loeds of
Eastern Europe. Through fanatic and ary undyiyg est for

Stier

power, anarchs even assist orber necnite in turin gaint
their undead masters, Feds

rebethiogs chiller are quickly

lleiet co thegye! arwarchs)

Avarch Hl Big bo

Washi fecal years, Transylvania is beset by ar
ther enemy. Thetforecfor Sultan Metimed
Exltem Europe. Anbweriyf AIL Wil the Ti
ace, fa dae ities tn
AGitisteaeiin. ThetAscutifes wie the Turks' carefully,
Aorindyyyntith ho expsiod hele Felize of lucrice. All
8 Bittern Eaton ey betie, he At The

"Taersphranis i Eis Bln ng divi cocuuene (oe
thatime Beng,

‘Hythe, cod AheISth cAhin), tbe Tsimisce und
"Treincr fighen- he vimana tw, Ble wet: he
Cmte ni Beknasan ak) the Sabie
Anarchaeta tid fagtion,seekigno Aint both sik
your coterie waited itheoabétrerchatice S(@irviving thus
rnaalness; otherwiseyte sme foftes tha atthe Chiliren of
Caine ajar will ext teiiliines dam your corer, posbly
‘o thebrepking point. :

‘The supe: tay bee Hee Chil sayeth sins. The
Tremens anid Beimischre Kickin! tea deadiywr. Fhe Turkish
Desradvatices a Alaa rab Cltsopiesardhsiblre. New
onders strive 10 overdaipe Chale CaisiteViroffiking sides

id yous tag te A ie all. THis
ysthiewiglent work ouryampite] mae SHEMET ive
Tue Anan Revor''s Oxieiy

THI 8S an inocu Bepialnadied Pattcio of
Boltinebroke spehé ie Boot tos whatebgesine known
ky dhovcabeer eth Anaigh Real After hec Embrace,
Pomnitte coo the finmb OF ber deat lewesy War Tyler, an
English roformatianis jn fiphor gt héfimagpsicned cause

‘Tyleenée Pare ithe oy Free other Fellow
Biro yarn piesatd octet Instiggete "anarchs" eo mount 9
Se ME ae ae

tes The os a ates non

Oe ee ae

Fre: vag ale

ring eldecoppresion, touch:
Wat khowniatithe Anarch Revolt

‘AIMN0) AOD yrs Inter, "Hacdestade called forthe
<Canvehiniy gf Thom, however. It the time becween
"Tyleriéattick. arf the Fonvention, Hardestal's chile
Tetsanedlis See's entity, hopin to prevent the los of al
the work his size had done in the incerens.of "Kindred
soctety. Tyler, embarrased beyond expression and iste
sted among her anarch follawers, swore revenge

ffthe nocturnal civil

SHADOWS OF TRHNSYLVANUL


THE CAINIT
Domains

Despite the
East, the Par
minating all of Hung

ES OF THE SEVEN

urrent stalemates of Verstrue foriys inte the

ans were once perilously close tw completely
thoroughly corrupting the m

rlesi cl wileaen'Htabsare
neoterieof undead rulers
of the Siebenburgen of

Jthe
eastern Hungary

The rulers of
Chiller have
anal wre their power
tan
amon th
Je

a have since fallen from grace.

ittempeing to take their place
did that asa ruler becomes corrupt,
oul. This is doubly true
indead, for they have centuries to phinge Inco
The Grint # the Transylvanian domains have
toes of loyalty J, Now, as their authority

thew Land Like sareing beasts in a
age, fallen princes exact their frustrations on each other

reflect the torment in his

the

Ti: NortHern DoMAtns oF
TRANSYLVANIA
W

the threat of the Tremere:
1 south. Other

nitical, however, Antiribu rejoice ar the
ted elders. The rulers of the
and younger revolutionaries hunt

Toit
decline of well
Ashen are: Hosen p

suncil of

them with fervor and fanaticism, Wanderers flee
places of safery from the 1
better or worse

dness sround th

se realms will be

1, for
‘younger, me

the powe
The DoMAIN OF KLAGSENBURG

Mitnahas Embrace

like beasts to secure alpha satus within their packs

‘uavel chrough this should he ready foe a fight:
Far to the east of this domain, Count Vikto 1

Any whe

‘Vale betrayed fis oon fa
received the Embrace as both reward and punishment

PUUUAUTU TOU d TOUT NNW ONC COTTA TUTATT TT TUTTO

cA

RPATHTAN MTN S
~~

Geneon

DASCH


THE DOMAIN OF MEDIASCH

Jn the 12th century, the alleged ruler of the Council of
‘Ashes was Nova Arpad. She served asa Ventiue representative
tthe Patriciansof the Holy Roman Empire Since then shes
teen depose as the prince of Mestasch and has fled to Geos
She hopes to salvage her reputation by strengthening the
allionce berween the Ventrue and Tremere. Her enemies are
ancient, however. and do noe forget the pause 50 easily

‘Nova's estate was in Madiasch. Even after her departure,
the city'sproximity to Hungary mace iceasy for the Hungarian
Yentmie to moniorevents occurring there. Since then, many
younger Tsimisee have either embracedorused other methoss
tobring mortal euler of this domain under sway. Hungarian,
and Stekler Trimisce contemplate theit move westward to

further power

Tre Domain oF Bistrirz
The most esteemed member of the Council af Athes was
Count Radu, a talented diplomat who has since become ant
anschronisen of che worst variety. Caught between the con
ems ofthe Westem Cainites and the ambitions of the Eastern
imisce, he has gained many enemies. Neonate aveitrxe have
since overrun histuling city of Bistrite- The counthasretreaced
toa fortressin the Tihuta Pass. Saxons refer to the enumbling
castle in the mountains as Birkau Castle
Northeastern Transylvania is now home to several ali:
of bellicose Trimisee. The packs and knex! of tui
lice tetitories now vie for control of Radu's former
home. Tara Maramasului is the first battleground. It ws ruled
by Count ViktoDanislav, aryrant whowatchesoveranestane
of revenants bred from werewolf kin. The secon, Tara
Hategului, contains a number of smaller tinas; no ane ruler
has emerged to control them al

Tue SouTHERN Domains

The Venttuc have awarded the princedoms of three of
theremanimgdomainsof Transylvania toambitious younger
Cainites. If you've adapted the stories from the last book to
your chronicle, some of your vampires have probably risen to
these esteemed postions. Depending onhow the sagnevolves,
your coterie might help Camarilla vampires extend

influence into the southem domains or betray them to the
Sabbat Crusade. Either way, the Catnites of your saga prob:
ably have some powerful rivals, as well a several ewer
anarch and antitnbu foes.

Tre Domatn or HERMANSTADT
‘South of the Domain of Mediasch, Marusca once used

losferatu Disciplines to command legions of wolves
from her haven in Hermanstadt. She has since been sun
moned by Yorak and brought ta his Cathedral of Flesh,
where she has received his tutelage. The Eastern Lord Ventrue

tw replace hee with dhe Ventrue Onto. Maruica's
childe, Ruxandra, has learned to impersonate Otto, how-
‘ever, and rules in his stead,

Ruxandro, as prince of Hermanstade. has asunied con
trol of many of Marusca's spies. A conspiracy of No
watches all that happens in this domain, The besa crea
tures controlled by the Teimisce Marelle in the rsa of Tara
Fagaranilui co the southeasr are their greatest concem.
Marelle 4s a sinister fiend of the night who contorts and
fleshcrafts entire packs of wolves

Tue Dosuun or Kronstir

This sadifficultreritory to control, largely becouse ofits
proximity to Ceoris. A Gargoyle pack parrols here frequently
and travelers ate far more likely to encounter warfare ber wen
the Usinpers imal Fiends here than isiny other region of
vvoivodate, Knowledgeable occultists also fear the secrets hid
den beneath the Black Church in Kronstadt,

"The region ts sursounded by three Teimiscetirsas that war
with Ceonts and each other: Tara Fagarasului isto the west;
Tara Bisei is to the cast; Tara Romanilor is to the orth.
Furthersouth is Tingoviste, the temporary capitol of Wallachia,
where Vlad the lempaler will one day — and night — rule the
moreals of Tara Romaneasea.

Tue Domain oF Maupacn

Mortals know of the «

this results in Mulbach's yg ground for
neonate Brujah and other rebelliovs Cainites. This domain is
fo home to a number of Saxon communities hat live in fear
wooden walls to protect thetr city, which is now considered
‘one of the most well-defended areas in the voiwodate

Domain oF Batgran
Asmualler domain in southeast

the traditional ne notable
features of this city isa Roman necropolis nearby, Surviving
‘Cappadoctans know of the area's significance to the lingering
ghosts of the deads other Cai
This is also the realm of the in
diabolist of the worst variety

CEoRIS
‘Thedealiest nd most threatens in Transylvanin
is not a domain at all, hut the independent and fiercely
defended refuge of the eldest Tremere. From their fortress in
the Southern Carpathians, the Usurper Clan sends out their
goyles to watch over several domains in Transylvania,
ons for these defensive precautions

tes may not be so
pus Dragomie Basarab, 0

ediluvian Tremere lies in torpor. Etrius
‘cts as seneachal in his stead. Goratrix has forsaken his clan,
Malgorzata sil caries ont ber sre
scheming with factions of conspirators und luring others in
the ranks of the Tremere anciviu. Celestyn is a loyal
working hard ar expanding the chantry's occult library

secretive plans by

SHADOWS OF TRANSYLVANIA


Wire Are Wi?

One of the most difficult aspects of te
Tronsyfvanian geography srememnberinghownamesc
Savonsagd Rétnsnians han RGAE ser mryy ofthe
| cites inal Ypitoadre. fn cig Ne we've used the Saxon,
termsfortiesg the Sichenl eg. By thenexthd the
concep) hen Sd bites become Belper
epecially dining pire 6 Tea ghia indeneridence
Next nine, Rotnian nares if beeen ore anpetan.
Overtheriattinec=rniesengeettheepteacratnes wil
chore thar pesBuetmes The debate fv wiey wnsge
cont ffi thetayrl eed hy Trai rua. CF the
wrong imeifttc etaenceltonedr thes ethrig groyprcan
be crburreelg ngs I rthns 7 the prosce of
Veerungeoy Tec ceapnb therfore We Fie eda
sirup. igi. For Stoytcfers Who tact to keep
mack bc koplcaetorigt following abe should help.
Romaniag name
Boars

Keratatp Bosey

Klncedy Napoeci
Metieh Modi
Mu ste
Hermarstaie Sibiu
Bulg: All ule

By the 16th century, che Tremere will establish a greater
refuge in Austra, turning away from the overt warkare of their

ps. Ecrius wil

Conte jeoprardines the

Transylvanian on decide that the constant
holy slurabir
the Tremere Antediluvian and will move to relocate the seat of
(Usurper power to his own ehantry in Vienna. During the 1
aclever Rnvnos nomad manages tose the slumbering Ancient

beard ea

an eyesafeer wimneuing Tren
fourvler ond his diabolical
theoughourthe Rawnoscomrvanity wn

( jnto the main body of Cai

IMporTaNT REGIONS

acklitional areas are of parcicular interest to the
Transylvania Chronicles
forexpanding y
neighboring
yuu rade new dimensions toy

ales of the Usurpe

hone offers further possibilities
asaya. Ifyou are curious nhout the history of

may very well inspire
campaign by investigating,
other conspieacies in Eastern Europe

Western HaNcary

The Ventruchaveastrangleholdon westem Hungry. Vencel
Rikand 1 sll the prince of Budapest. Fle inhabits an elabore
series of chambers buried beneach the castle overseeing Bua.
‘Within chi Labyrineh, lackews quand the torporcus wat chiel
Balscu. Bulseu''s fawning servant Roland awaits his ter while
cultivatinga web of influence and contacts in ee duns the city.

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES IL

BOHEMIA

Throughout this perio, Boh
dence. Josef Zvi of Clan Noseracu preys upon Christi
oppress the Jewish Quarer in Prague. A golem constructed by
o long-forgotten Kubbalist once terrorized the cof that
city, Ienow waits, dreaming in a
sinister occult wil comtel i
‘Trmisce ts another danger, Soon. dhe will become a terrible for
for Camarilla vampires Prague

SCHAASBERG

Thiscity, k ighisoura to ue Romanians plays ian
important role ns tothis drama, In 1430, Vlad Dracut
\sappointed asthe mortal ulerof much ofthisdomain along with,
the Wallachian duchies of Ambas anki Fagaras to the south. Hs
von, Vlad Dracula, the Son of the Dragon, inkverits his legacy

FAALUANCES OF BLoop

Gecgraphy is one of the more direct ways of categorising the
Tranefvanian Cainites, but ener the next rw centuries, the div
sions Ferween the undead hecome even mere proneunced, Several
inojorsects illeontest fe conal of talented ude, inclu he
protagonists of our duenyele, The Carll Sablon) Armarch
Movement become fr more poweeful than ayy individual prince

Uni the Anarch Revolt incited by Tyler's asasination of
Handesade, individual princescontrolles heir domains (whether
lange cities, a style emele, 9 town or village), while their lesser
cousinsscught influence in de Church, ch military oratthe sides
of mortal rulers. Some elders created brood of childer to serve
them or provide them with compuy dhrougl the long nights.
Although clin afiltation courte for makingallinnces (ox na
ingone'sfors), the clans themucives were loose conedeitions of
like-blooded Cainites rather than cohesive groups workin
wardacommon goal (isissil partially the case) Even when clan

bersallied, the more powerful prineescontinuesttorule their
ternitoriesmuch as they pleased, regardless of thet clans official"
ans for the vious areas. Cainires were (asa rule) more visible
in their workings — conten that mortals fears would keep them
from challenging those they could not hepe to defest

In the late-12th century, the Inquisition tnearthed many
Cainite heresy celbsamonytheotherheresiesendemict the early
nights ofthe Church, These cells led Inquisitor the havens of
snony Cainites, who often hangained foe their own urlives atthe
Teees, many elders perce thrown het child tthe
torturers —and the burning stake—by orderingehemtostay sn
fight while the ekler, themselves exaped. Spuered on hy the
ppensant revolts rocking Europe and by the kawivledge that ther
sles had no intention of ever sharing their wealth or pewvileye,
lisillusioned youngerCaiites who asumed the nazne"*anacchs"
to show their new commitment t0 autonomy, thegh sexe
suspect it hoe its roots in the Cainite term "autarkis") took to
tearating togertwr and satacking thei eer. Stating in England
with Tyler's attack on Handestade andl spreading eurward, the
ceonlict became known as the Anarch Revolt

ny perhaps,


each with
to play in the

INTEGRATING THE SI
de theit own group, in
thestories inthis book

Fh character what faction

). Except for the Tremere
it ame), i

iliation tattooed

belongs toa sect. Somme

* Remember thar the Sab Ye anarchy
aly nor are the anagchs and the Camara
the actual revolt)

lla Cainites may cooperate with Sabbar whe

d vice versa

of a group has
wement. What better way £05)
oneofthem:


sssonally,a yect may senda member to accomplish
\sootensably against its esc interests. Usually, this
sme other goal oF turss our ty be an underhanded
move thatrids the ect ofan untrustworthy member (or some
wich reason), Characters could, chus, work with rival seers
while not goin againve their own,
Storytellers will undoubtedly find dosera other reasons why
Jharactets belong t ferent sects travel tewether. Advanced
Irmnpes might even split along sector faction lines, runing par
vfthe story fom one perspective, then running the other part of
the troupe asa counter. Evennully, the wo groups will meetand
mus then decide if they ane workin at cross purroses ana it
will we deadly force to artnin heir goals: Further, while i's
unlikely thar Inconnw characters would be participants in ehe
ailed in Son ofthe Dragon, ithe Storyteller or players
can find » ood juscification fo such, well, i's your game.

THe CAMARILLA

Ask almost any member of che Camariila how and why
the formed and they will answer that the Camaniia came
into existence to pentect vampires from the Inquiditionand wi
hide Cainites from prying mortal eyes. While that is the
generally accepted explanation, itis only partially tue. fn
fesence, the Camanita grew from the thwarted wnbitions of

he fears oftheir elders

younger Cainites and
Unlike human socie
before the infirmities of di

in which elders eventually fall
injury and age, creating
als to assume positions of
nt. eer Caines
gem stronger than
those who lack lower generation often
er than moe recently created Cainites due to
decades or cenunes of experience dnd cunninyy
Traditions arid custornsof the time also play roles. Althonagh
theve centuries bring forth a new micklle class and allow for same
‘werent from one social rank to another weietywawhoke has
conditioned people to ice thet allotted places Nobles rule
while pensints work, and children's lives, eeaininy snd marregges
are dictated by thei parents or guardians. Evea with the heady
mnted to Cainites upon their Embrace, many chiller
accede to theit ekler's wishes at frst, dutifully assuring the roles
assigned them and learning what their sites have
their part, elders close ranks aypinst any younger Cainite who

would dare question chat her elders centuries of survival grant
hun the night to rule aver the tnove secendly "reborn."

Risk OF THE CAMARILLA

Eventual became clear thit there were not enough
ons toclaim. Like the
younger sons of landed families, lesser Cainites carved out do-
muins for themselves ity foreign lands or sought influence in the
Ch bur even these positions taced che ranks of the more
civllaedareascfBarope. Further cKlersmanipulated hel tikes,
wing them as pawns in elaborate games and ongoing feuds, ar

ings for younger, stronger m0
power, Cainite society

snerally oFlower generation,
their progeny. E

ri monty sag

domainsanvadable forthe younger gener

socrficing them to maintain their own power oc unlives.

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES I

Finally, he childer rebelled, In 1394, cklersfroen the seven
clans chat would everitually form the Carnal (ss wel as many
others) agreed romeet together tadiscuss how to deal with thes.
called anarchs, Though at firs they viewed the anarchs a
disobedient and ungrateful chiller, the elder generations realised
that their own progeny posed a serious crear uo their continued
existence. Several of those who attended the convocatwon ree
nized che need to create an org
CChinives' traditions and work n the best interests of all the
Children of Caine. They believest forgonization,
would bring together all Caines, thus leating the chuler back
into the fold and endinw their deste

pe that wcaild Gemate she
at such

Seven of the most vocal proponents came together to
formulate the structure and laws for the new organization,
‘They would become known 2s the Founders. [ts founders
Petrenkow, Adana de Sforza of the Brujals, Camulla Bastes for
the Malkavians, Rafael de Corazon of the
Nosferatu Josef von Bauren and Mistress Fanchon of C
Tremere. The Founders represented many of the polisial
factions of vampiric society ax well as theie clans' particular
interests, The Founders set to hammering out a: hasis fo
cooperation among the Children of Caine and a tuster of
accepted regulations that would bind all Cainite

A year laer, when Tyler attacked Hardestat, the eers
Jhecamie even more willing to sienfice some individual power i
the name of greater authority, They planned tacnush the awarchs
ehrvagh interclanalliance. By 1435, the Founders reaches!
agreement, and the new organization known gsthe Canara (te
denote bath thar it was 8 convocation of peers otc
thar i mie i sesso secret from mortal knewleahe), was bom.
another's back, a meaning that would be given expression in the
convoluted workings of prestution throughout the sect

"Though the Canis claimed all Caines as par of the new
oeginication, oot all acepeed the hoor, The Sexes and Ravn:
‘were too concemed with their own agerabas to joan asaclan while
the Lasombra and Tsitnisce wore in the mike of violent upheaval,
bataling their younger members, who haa! alraky committed
diablerie upon the clan founders. The Cappadocians found lee
lnceest infin a new oxgantzation and would sce fall
their childer, the Giovanni. The Giovanni were
‘with consolidating heir guns and asserting these stolen supremacy

Although the Founders assumed the authority to seek out
Cainites who did not bow to the Camarilla's dictates, thie

ach way only so Jong. When individual Cainites acces
against the best interests of the Camanila, the Founder'
Punishments ranged from ostracism to confisention of « de
‘main to Final Death depending on the offense. Many
resented what they considered to be the heavy-handedness uf
the Founders, many refused to acknowledge the authority of
the Camarlia at all. Having appointed the Founaers to be
their representatives; most princes and elders went baek to
doing what they had always done. The Inquisition los ts tire


fora tim as the immediacy of the threat of witchcraft belly
lessened; witch hunts abated and the crisis seemed to be over
While most vampires supported the idea of the Camilla —
expect ict troublemakersandkeep the Chu

from hunting them — most elders gave it litle veal though

Tue Anarcu Revoir EscaLaTes
‘Then in 458, the Church disnbutethe Mlleus Moefcanan
(Hoenmer of Witches). Throughout tanks, priests ph
soners alike hecame alarmed at the idea of witches once gait
being within their midst, and the Inquisition rose anew. Deter-
mined to crash witchcraft andl signs of the devil wherever they
might be found, the Inqui once more sought out and
deserved vampites. Ax elders sacrificed theic childer ta make
good their own escapes, more and more young Cainites rebelled,
throwing in their lor with the anarchs and turing on their
comand elders to purish them for ther abandonment. The
Anarch Revolt gained new impetus, and the elderssaw that their
sponse inust be harsher and more unified if the older
les were to survive their ches attacks

Mecting together in the first global convocation of the
‘Camarilla ins 1486, representativesfromthesevenclans grappled
i reponse to the anarchs: They temporarily granted
powers allowing the Founders to puninh any Cainite

caught breaking the Traditions (asset down by the Camara)
In parricular, anyone found guilty of commitring diablerie on
another Cainite would receive the moscsevere punishments the
Founders could devise, followed by Final Death. Now called
Justicars (for thear just sentencing of wrongoers), the seven
Founders were empowered to appoint lesser justices (called
AArchons) assist them in apprehending and punishing wrong-
doers. Those elder who attended the convocanon agreed to
meer agin inseven yearsto reassess thetr progress. Within chat

‘time, the Justicars, Archons and forces belonging to the elder
of the Camarilla would win cwo great victories (against the
‘gnarchs and the Assamites) thar set the stage for one of the
terminal events in Catnite histor: the Convention of Thorns.

Tite AssaMire PROBLEM

Alongside the Anarch Revolt the elders of Europe also
gpppled with snother problem: Assamites followed in the
dvake of the Turks, sweeping into Europe and commuitting
diablerie on every elder they could capeure- If gangs of anarchs
henton burning down their manors and inspiring chet peas
tats.10:rovole were cr anicuigh:t0:mnahiline the ails, tin
threat of dissolution beneath the fangs of raveniny Assamites
foightened therm into a war against the assassins

Although the battle raged forseveral years, the Camarilla
yar unable to gain the upper hand until a mortal army (and
‘one Nosferatu raveling with them) discovered where Alamut,
the great fortress of the Assamites, lay. Bolstered by their
newfound knowledge, the Camarilla managed to capeure
teveral influential Assamite leaders and then
‘Alamut itself stone from stone. With their home and clan
threatened with destruction, the Assamiees sued for peace

ned to tear

‘Soon thereafter, the anarchsadmittod they could no longer
battle theelderstive price wastou high. They tooagreed toceme

hostilitiesand womect with the Camarilla discuss peace tetms

Tue CONVENTION OF THORNS

The Founderssummond Camarilla, Assan
tepresenratives toa meeting tobe held in Oxtol
in the tiny hamlet of Thorns, a soall village near ek
Silchester in the neutral kingsiom of Elan

sadanarch,
23,1493,
town of

Fromtharmeeting.atestengthenl Caanllaemense their
Traditions accepted asthe noem, nthe Masquerade agreed upon
1 the response Cainites must adope to survive. As pur ofthat
Masquerade, Cait agreed to stop reerringtothemselvesepenly
a the Chikiren of Caine. Instead, ro minforce the idea thae ll
Varmpites were reat! by blood, they would hersefoe call them,
selves the Kinded. Rule by ge tive values
(uch sprestaton) became synonymous with the Canal in he
following centuries, the Cansrlla woul
crblish inelfin
the Sabtat. who,
Despite the apparent cooperation among the clans ond
ong individ Kindred who made up the Camanila, personal
animosity, blatant power games, lan maneuvering and elaborate
schemes temuined the nox.
The Jyhaieontinued beneath the apparently p
Further, theCarmarillawas ot unchallenged. Oth faction
tmaitained resistance to Comarils arrogance ot aove from the
auhos of the Anarch Revolt to carry ce the battle that citemaibhy
ended with the Convention of Thoms

Tue Anarcus

Moch has already been said under the Carmarills heading
conceming the anarchs, and need not he belabored. While it
may seem as though the anarchs were all but destroyed by the
Convention of Thorns this 46 an inaccurate picture, The
Anarch Movement was Kezun by the Bruiah, who took heart
from peasant cevolts occur igbout Europe, They were
joined by many of the younger Lascmbea and Teimisce who
wwearied of constantly fighting for position.

‘The anarchs argued for chet nghr ms deeaine of tet enn and
twprovetheircompetence- Fairy that.they axghttcutthestritys
of Blood Oachsthacallowex theirsiresto play them like poppers ard
theysoughtto undermine heirelders'corfully built power itractures

and alliances In hope of achiaving eae aime thin congo
rebellion among dhose wh hud nothin 19 lexe, and excelled in
creating difficulties and chaos for dhose in power. From thetoric to
action ( only one ste fom action to viclence only ene more:
The Anarch Revol hegan with the assesination ef Handestick
and swepe through Europe igniting rebellion among disentran.
cchised Cainites. Two clan founders, Lannea and Tzinice, felt
thefangsc theirleser childerat dei throats, as theunsachs senaght

sore mneace of iacreaving their own formes crm

rations and conver

ninate Europe ard
heanland of Noth America artheexpense of
objectivity, got there first

saile it
eden. Theirdiaberieoftheir clan founderssymblzed theanarchy'
message of frustration and theie intent to take whit the ekbers

SHADOWS OF TRANSYLVANIA


denied them. T # the practice of drink
their thes

alle benefice off

pany front withe ve 1 Blood C

20 them in their earliest nigh

tual chat cout break Blood
to those whose blood

chikler to mchel ayant those wc

archs lovt the war and head to accept theit
es the Camarillain peace negorintionsarthe Canven:
tion of Thorns, they never ceded their richt torebel. Their avert
warily quelled, yer the anarchy ke

and freedom that had just he

evohutie suatace
hat inspite the pease sof thetime
rendere
violently rejected this role
the Sabbat, Incerest

snsarce ts fold, bu

Ania
Sabbat

‘eniy. While the
epuciation of the elders by young

in to the Carnal, it also grew

understanding of ned to younger vampires by
Jyhad. Grven immortality only to be a slave ton ekler was bad
enough: to then discover thae they would bi
power themselves and that older, more powerful Caanites seg

1 tommbs wai ist up

In areal sense, the Sabbor was horn in the aftermath of the

jonof Thom wthoweanarche whe refines)

Aidwive
om and nw its first blo
gor Cainitesundia few dissatisfied
‘sureatest rival
sets only rudimentary at this tine, the sect
ry. After the
of Thoms, those w
lla form inte
practices willeve
nd the pack will remain
bat.

the Camailla sees th
destroy the sect
the Camarilla paw

ald Camvarill

in their way and
destroy th
nated to accomplish their a


While the Camarilla concen itself with maintaining
power and rule by generation and the ansrchs jealoudy clutch
their india freedom, the Sablut sets to save all Cainites
from the ehreat posed by he torporous, Antes
(Camarilla functions like a shaky alliance of feudal pei

their vasals. The anarchs behave asthough they are individual
merchants anderaftsmen hroxght together by a guild's common
interests. The Sabot frst formed and wil function throughout
itsexistenceasan army. In estence, the motivation behind the
Sabbat 6: not for either indivicual power freedom, but 0
ichieve thone two goals within che structure of seoup. The
Subbot is held together by loyal to one arsoeher (rather than
‘a prince or ruler) and the need to strengthen itself for the
comin.) yhd (the beginaingsof which were already apparent).

Fearful of the inquisition, the Camara chooses to go ander:

1. hiding the existence of vampires beneath an elaborate
Mancquerale. The Sablut, while acknowledging that haling rom
the Ingnsitoesisnecessary forthe time being, refusestocomnpletely
submerge itell in the pretense of being human; The Sabbat
believes this pretense makes vampires weak when they need tn be
strong: Away fom peying mertal eyes, the members of the Sabla
fully acceptther ner Bess, omtensibly ceveling to thei powers am
dock angels elevated far above their former existence as humans
even while their souls are damn for eternity.

Rather than shrinking from Blood Oaths, the Sabla adapes
them, indulging i repented drinking of one another's combined
boca wo forge binding es wth the yroup. When cornbined with
thesttual of the Vauldenie, this has the abled Kener of honking
foamer Bleed Oaths they had with een, freeing Sabbat members
fromthe threat ufbeingcontrolledbyekler Canines whowould ase
them ia thear manewverings ane ulmately sattice chem to the
Anteiluvians: Equally inportane, the Vanes forges handing
tics 10 on anuiher (known 1s dhe Vineulum), rendering each,
porticipane loyal to the others As the Vauilerie becomes wide
spread, the Sabbut is fee to tran for the coming Jybad and
stwagthen sel tn defor all Caunites oe the final nights

ally, "alruist"comeswith atendancdiwbacks Con.

themselves damned distanced from humans means

thoc most Sabluc see mortals as weful tools oe convenient food

soek There i litle love for of cosdling of humans among

n Dark Medieval rimes, life wis shor, brutal

and yubjeet tothe whimsof prince or Church In treating humans

with blatant diategard foetheirfelmgsor ives, the Sabbae as in
apt! wit d

when the Retiaisance imide tho views lew correct.

not tht dey ahanged eluie vieses

Embracing thei ni
éonduct herefic rituals an indulge ir

rectuitsare drained ofalmont all dete

claw their way our of the grave. This practice makes Sabor filly
aware thar chey are dead creatures who undergo a bellish rebirth,
‘monsters sho must prey upon other creatures to survive. [also
tanker them strong. Weak candidates fil trie und mast spend
whatever existence they huve left trapped and starving or tn
etemal torpor Diablerie is an nceepted practice among the

Sakhor, fori stealing the power ef ytroner Cainites, the Sabhc
bork removes a potential enemiy and make
for the eventual but

Many Sabbar fore d

KF mare power

cimelves in excess, hecoening cred

Due itv part co their

smualnies claimed so many newly creed Sah
thacthuvewhouvercane iteccenisal that anne «rot hilosntiy
was needed to give the cued Beast something to explain oF
‘mitigate che horror of her existence. The Vorhs of Enlaghtersment
rev from theneed tokcep ney Sable fromdes
find thelrpcks hie in the theoeso maaness. The
recovers asabe accepts one ofthe Paths a a gui
onaking tho weak tenets humanity
Arthtstime, che packs thar will eventual
form thesect stapet

se varie
vw ber damned
tty to formulate dhe Pachs of Enlightenment thou
error while strengthening themselves for the u

Whether dunn Dark Mes

vampaces never ce that the Sa
‘members, but embdios ant Understandable cause for which it
‘members are willing toput their unlivescn the line. The depcable
asset riltyandthe Nondy honed wort these wa
Sabncuttey unaerepable wsthe Camsanibs Since the

the Curia aya tot of the Annchluvtans they re

Tne INCONNG

‘of Roman, Carthaginian and Dactan Cainites whe agread re
witha from the jh. H they ext, the Inconmn ype
facta power Ci

have taken a tep back ch other vampires Iw sad
that they hawe reached Golconda and thut they can teach others
how wo reach tas well

wy many Methascats) wh

Other rumor speak ofthe sen' pact with Sot
practice nfsenngagentstoxpjonvan

believe the Incens robe na mote th
dlisenterclaim thot the Inconel tht young

ofthe
(Cainites. Ment varie
an, hemever A few

feagh to seek out and dablerise these weak ellers fe th
blood. The Inconnus make no reply te any speculation,

INDEPENDENTS

‘Somewhere lost among dhe Camuriths and Subbit
true independents, These in ans like the Sentes,
anki Gtovanny; wore not part of either sect. Asie lok ties
clans, however, individuols from both Camurilla and Sabbat
clans sometimes cla i) Lasomkea and
with cheat Sabbat clans

nulependent
ntenbumay disag
theydon'talwayssee eye to eye with the Cinnarilla ether. Some
‘members of the rarer bloosllines feel the sane way. Even the
maria clans (auch as the Vertruc) ean have

igned the Convention of

Mont indepety
dents are fairly quiet abour theit ation, usually letting

othersassume they belong rose grewps, when they setually do noe
SHADOWS OF TRANSYLVANIA


AINITE HISTORY
AND Pourttics

tthe Datk Ages deaw to a close, the Childer of Caine
completely rework the structure of their hidden societies. Ax
wehave seen, the birth ofa new age has brought new ideas. In

nd neonates discus a
widke range of political Soues: how to react to the Inquisition,
prow the Anarch Revolt, whether to accept the

wari ands0 on. All too often,
skout en lated debates over

these vital isves. History cests the Meas they diseuss, With
‘eich major event in Eastem Europe, local politicians apply
what they lear to support or condemn the Camarilla ot the

the reatof the Europe will adapt
wylvunia continues to preserve
many Old World traditions As the Tremere and Tsimisce
ntinue theit endless war, the voivedate remains a battle
ground for thet respective sects. Supporters of the Camasilla
influence the major cities, but they are surrounded by domains
controlled by anarchs nnd antitbu. There are veavons for this,
reasons that J back to Handestade's fir
four ae Carmarita e 1435,
fistory

these last coy ides, but Tr

ihe

and politics are inextricably intertwined, and
‘major historical events have a strong effect on the political

nigger of the uenlead. Thee conquest uf Gonscmtmaple, the
Bobolna Revolts of 1457, the anti-Tuskish Crusades — these
major occurrences and similar events in Eastern Europe shape
the societiey modern vampires know so well. Mortals relegate
these eventnta hi Cainives remember rier i
than

ary beck
a more personal way — often

Pouricat, DEBATES

octsof the Transylvania Chronicles will
s political savvy and diplomatic acumen.

mble at the Coven:
plenty of Cainites whi

of Thorns, the coterie encounters
asist on knowing where the charac:

ters stand on current events. Not everyone is readily

Kentifiahleas aoverly idealistic anarch,

ential Sahhar funty

The information in this chapter can help ainb
Storytellers flesh out mony of the debates that take place in
this hook, In ydiinion, any Transylvanian should be able to
recent historical events to illustrate his political views. If
m of the Dragon, they won't just side
They'll have w make an informed decision after weighing all
political debates,

with the an for trivial reasons,

sides of

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES I

TARDESTADT'S PROPOSAL
AND TRANSYLVANIAN
REACTIONS

As we have seen, Hardestadk of Clan Ventnse firs
vanced the iden of a unified society of 11435. 2
blush, mnany Trnsylvanians rejected the idea outright. Some
stated that the concept hal beet tried and rejected in the
Voivodate centuries ago. tn the 12th century, the nominal riers
‘of Transylvania composed i coterie known as the Council of
Ashes ro watch over the a basis

OF course, the C
thought they would bring onder the voivodate allowed petty
struggles and political dierences to tear their alliance apart
The neonates they ruled tose up against them. After dest
ing that failed society, the
enthusiastic about letting elders rebuild it under an
fname. The idea of "one unified spciety" way an amusing
theory, but in the lands keyond eve forest, Tranylvanian
‘Yammpires paid it little notice

"Traveler from other parsof Eumpe insisted thatthispokinical
tron wold be diferent. The Camanila could offer benefits dhe
council never proided. Nowa Arpad'sscheine was little more thats
a coterie of seven vampices forced
‘Ventrue, but the Camsanilla would ullow hundreds of princes to
swatch over Cainite activity in the major cities of Europe. They
coulenforcetheSix Traditions and uphold standards of civility
that could prevent disputes between, Caine'sehilder

"Theideawasfarahead ofits time,especially in Trangia
For many reasons, the concept ws too dangerous to take hold
To begin with. the idea of the Camauilla depended an yeinces
who could stress and advance mortal concepts of civility and
humanity. Historically, Transylvanian princes never hid abs
{ue contro over their domains. In the ands beyond the forest
inany ofthe local princes ruled in theory. bur not in praerice.

In some cases, such is the Domain of Klnusenburg, the
‘only quality thar separated a prince from the vampites he
allegedly ruled was his ability to defeat them in battle. Ia the
court of Prince Mitru for instance, Triallby Ordeal was still te
‘most common method of resolving disputes. Vamnpitie rulers
made forgreat figareheads in dramatic ceremonies, butenfore
Ang theie beets was another matter encicely

Proponsnte of the Camarilla faced another severe ob
stacle. Throughout Transylvania's history, Westem societies
had repeatedly tried to impose their Laws und culture on
Eastern Europe. In the same manner, many Transylvanian
Cainites cursed the Saxon Ventrue as # monolithic society
established to rob the Romanian vampites of their indepen
dence. Thus, the Camarilla initially looked like another scheme
that the Germanic Vertrue and other Western clans would
tue 10 seize control of Romanian land. Trancylvania hod its
own traditions, and they did not de easly. The events of the
next few years would illustrate thit quite vividly

teport co the Saxon


THE BoBotNa REVOLUTION
HND THE ANNARCH
MovEMENT

All of these arguments discouraged Transylvanians from
‘teudily ceepting the idea of the Camarilla, but one drastic
‘event forced them to reconsider, In 1437, the peasants of
‘Transylvania unified to overthrow the masters of the state,
History books tell us that they revolted te secure rights the
Steklersand already possessed Cuinites recall that the
peasants didn't rise up againse just their mortal rulers,

Many Romanians who fought in the Bobolna Revolry
snospocted that thesr tas and tinge were threacened by supematue
ralcreatures. The Silence of Blood was little more thana pretense
in Transylvania. the least significant of the Six Traditions. Asthe
houses of ments ywere set abLie, flamesspread tothe havens
cof the nobles' Cainite masters, In. an era when witch-hunes were
commen, mobsof Transylvanian peasants gathered torches and
pitchforks to destroy the refuges of suspected yarpires,

In response, the mortal nobility of Transylvania quickly
and brunlly crushed the Bobolna rebellion, Mortal rulers
gathered in Hermanstadt to discuss the sovereignty of the

he membersof independent

ans were never granted the same

ges Instead, the nobility increased taxation on Roma-

setts, and reduced the nut lependent communes

where Romantans coukd own theirown property. Simply put,
the nich became richer, and the poor became poorer.

against the mobility, buc the undead had no such cestrictions.

Throughy neylvania, (navy Romanian Cainites were out-

clans sowed? Ifthe Romanians had settled Transylvania over

thousand years ago, how could they have fewer rights than the

Sich ud Sok ws esd hk ln? And wa
that che eldest yarnpires benefited che most from this!

The analogy wis obvious, The "princes" whe

dais eubjects fe
sidered themselvesthe rightful guandcansofthe Six Traditions,
bur vamptres who had survived in Te

wylvania for centuries
new that nilers wete cortupsed by such authority. Princes
prised judgment onneonstestooppressandexploit those wh
did not koeel before them. Whenever the disenfranchised
insted on the same rights as the wealthy, politics and in
posted morality became metheds for subjugating the inases.

Ektersanlfferent vo this vicuperacion cited the Roma
fan anarchs to further acts of violence. As the youngest
childer continued to malign the conspiracies of their elders,

Romanians, the descendimts ofthe original settlers of Dacia
showed what the Westernets ceally, intend the
Tranwsylvanians. Vampires weren't rally all that

In response, elders argued thae the Bobolna Revolts were
tictually an ilhatraion of Transylvania's desperate need for
stronger jovemment. I the Caintces coukin‘s rengthen
hold overmortalsociety, would beall coneasy for morals oro
therm cut again. The Bobolna Revoles started because of lack of
CCainite authority, not preever. ifthe Transylvanian
Cainives fad upheht the Silence of Blood more nly, s the
Founders were suggesting, the revolution woukdn't have turmest
Ingo a hune against unseen vampiric masters. Hardestade's ideas
tencouraged subtle manipulation i mortal history: anarchist

ideas of alaolute freedom did not. In the wake of the rebellion,
conflict between neonates an elders intensified.

THE FALL oF CONSTANTINOPLE
CAINITE

AND OTHE!
CONSPIRACL

Such debates conrinued for many yeats throuyhoat the
Yoivodace, but these theities remined lice ire than inte
lectual diversionsto many Transylvanians. Then, 10 1453, one
of the most important events in Cainite history shocked the
Vampires of Eastern Europe from their complacency. In that
‘year, che urtiies ol the Oriciman Empire began thei relentless
assault on Constantinople. Constantine Puleologus, the mur
tul ruler of the city, watched i terror ftom his palace a
thousands of soldiers crashed through the city gates to plage
foot, slaughterand estroy, he unthinkable haa hap
theadvancinys hordes ofthe paynim had devuatared Christian
Europe's first line of defense. The Ortoman Empire advanced
toward Bulgaria, threatening the security of Eastern E

Vampires are egotistical creatures, eager to assign praise or
blame among their own Kind for the mortal reatest achieve
ments, Thiougheut Cainite society. many ehiers gheoeised
which vampites were responsible forthe fl of Constuntinicpe
Those who knew of the Jyhaal — the ecemnal sngile between
‘Ancients — believed that shadowy power had calle for d
erasade as part of an ancient grudge against Michael, the
Toreador Methuselah who watched aver the city

Others blamed the A:
of Alamut hid designs on the rest of Europe. After all, many
knew that Arabic vampires tayeled in the wake of dveadvanc
{ng Turkish host. As mortal kingdoms fell prey to Ottoman
raids Saracens used the opportunity co their advanto
ingthe undead ralersof the adjacent domains, Bot 1 al
threat of the Turks and the unseen threat of the Assamiter
forced the Children of Caine to take wction,

When news of the ad 1 Ortoman Empite
reached Transylvania, therulervof the vowvexiate were shocked.
For centuries, they thought the teal threats to they freed

SHADOWS OP TRANSYLVANIA

ssamites, claming that the master


‘came from the Vensrue of the Holy Ri
ther Western cla

Enpite and the
Now a newmenace arose fromthe south,
imisce and Tremere all asked the same question:
Could Easceen Europe defer ieself gaint the net assault?
Supporter of the Carnautlla cupitatized on this opportu
nity. The threatof common enemy made the idea ofa unified
society of Cainites far moee acceptable. Caine's childer coakd
cr allow theinselves to be fared by stance and
Until 1453, noone thought Constantinople woul
fall, buc it dit In the same manner, no one believed that any
ine force coull destroy the seeret societies the Cainites had
constructed, Now one empire all of Europe. Ifthe
could foro an allance, they could prevent
than atrocity toa happening again. As part of this, it was
fear that the Surace that had to be stopped.
‘Otherstepliedthar the real problem was not Clan Assam
but the Ancient athe Asnamices had the
ult idea. The Saracens destroyed Bulgarian princes and their
lackey, bu wd the

were a thre:
ey alan threat
vent the my

Jesrncricny of Ca
formarion of af

pati
amtimope was

pean society of ¥

sch am «trocity from happening ngain, In fact, acting as saves

ve the eldest Cainites would onfy encourage further incidents,

Enucat Desares

AND THE ORTHODOX CuurcH

other debite concerning the Camarila relied upon
thical omves Supposedly, Camarilla prices could pass judy
imeriton the so-called "nioeal" belies of che Canites, applying
hanna starcdards of morality to vampires, Civiley was alle
edly a meimsto pteserve "humanity." This tapally became ar
xtremely penonal and vitriolic issue. The Cainites: of
Tranoylvinia fuid folliwed many different Ronds during the
Disk Agss. Ab ssophy that had kepr Caimites

task — spiritual fulfillment is
ined this political
utside standards of
Founders' ides.

wvesiate for centuriescould
recall the conflict hetween the Roman Catholic Church in

ne lox Church in Constantinople,
Cathokicion wi

realy scificed
2, Traiwyleanian history

wer cultures had tried to enforce

Vin Transylvania long betore tl
Anjone whohad survived it the

the Eastern Orth
Centuries as used in an
pt wo unity Eases
turope. To the R

ape with the rest of Christian
anians, rel re we
eroding Transylvanian culture and dictating ideology. The
Eastern Orthosex Church acted as a contrary force

mu to advance Eastern mystical tradition asa way

omen culture in the East, No wonder westerners think af
anyylvanian vampire as a creature wha
ght of 0 cros

TRANSYLVANIA CHRON

the stereotypical

‘The Transylvanians were jaded. They had seen it all before
Another government was trying to gain support inthe voivodate
byqucstioningtheokd waysandtraditinal practices Transyvania
already had its own. culture, its own religion, and its own lew.
Many elders stressed that they didn't need the Wearern clans 10
preach to thet about the need for an outside sm
"civilize" chem once again. The old ways had endured,

Tue Tzimisce
DRACULESTIDaNestt Feu

rest resistance to the Camara came from
le other coun

ies Eusupeteopecied the
\derscould use prestation toexchange
ice utterly rejected it. The:
powerful clan in Transylvania did not need to recognise sich
aubitrary ideas, Theis own tadichos fox texols tng disputes hal
evolved. They used methods that dida't depend on princes
recognized by the Western Cainites.

Among the Fiends, the steangest ruled Trial by War andl
Trial by Ordeal were common practices: Tzimisce practiced
these traditions openly. From the earliest nights of Hungary,
when the Arpads and other nobles attempted subjugace
Transylvania, Tsumisce schemed to sot them ag
other. tn the tore remote portions of caster I
they crushed themorbroughtthem into theirclun. Fienuds used
the mortal lines of nobility in Transslvania a their beesdiny
stock Some were cultivated soeatefully that they evolved inti
the many families of revenants kniwwn toni

sctety where:
dest and most

(Overtime, Tranayvantin moral politi and Teimisee pol
tiesbecameoneand thesacve. Transpl wth cen
of breeding became poe in ts. An excellent,
IMistration ofthisfrom Cainite history was the manipulacion of te
Ranrabnoble line, Forcenturies.ewofamulies— the eaculesand
Danesti — contesced for control of Wallachia and southern
Transyvana. The fighting way especially brutal hecawe the ruler
of Wallach did noe recognize pamogcniture. Once a mortal lr
dad, there was no guarantee his son would succeed! isn. Ines
dosens of bya fought to support — or he — the next prince

Controlling nobles and boyars required the Teitaice to de
velop legacies, manipulating eral rulers over generations. Menta
who wete capable of using treachery and threats violence rose
to positions of authority. Their enemies were tortured, exiled or
tnerely killed. When Vlad the Imealer, a Drculestt noble
became a threat tothe Tamice, Dane Fiend Jebwie
aniciem gnages against hisnable house, According tothe Fiend
the other clans had no right ro incercede tn such disputes

The Fans ako had no deste o cower and hide like lessee
reacutes. They openly bred inotal like exe and orchestrated

onal conflicts tocullthexehends. Their victims werecalled kine

for a reason. Human hends were raed in the shadows of temble
cartes ever generations fe ablitien, the Tsim coerupted and
subomed mortal Transylvanian nobility mote thoroughly thar
cotherctan, inchdingttve Ventrue. Theideaof separation berween
the world of che living and the undead was laicrous

nar nob
simisce cont


Tiere was to room for Fence of Blowsd in thi

philosophy of the Trans sumiace. Thus, che argu
and erecting the
shifty swtxors of the Carnarilla fll on deaf ears. The elder
standards of civiliey

1 Chan. Timisce srw no new
valued i oder pares of Europe. Their opp seven
¢hat the Verstue abandoned all hope of pain
for the Founders society of Cainites.

Via rig Dracon
AND THE SILENCE OF BLoop

ei support

ak" they lence of the Blood,

Wich the growing dareat of the lnguistion, the thought cA hid,

these noc ofthe bh
Wall bi

thet will
alliance
of Clan Ravnos and

intheearly Ltheeney

ms elder allies: To stoys this, Dy

informed! Vial the Dragon about the world of the
R ty leat reli
ad's armies eautly dk
Vlad kneeled Dan

‘of aich a powerful vampire

THe AssaMires

AND HuNyabr's Last Crausape
OF course, the threat of the Turks still remaine

ation resisted the advance of the Ottoman Enyce mer

fervently chan Transylvania. While the Founders' supporter

adyane

used the of the payniim pase unfed

nt. There w
Joram had dh
444 and

ciety in Eastern Entope,
grew tited of th

its The morn

he Turks. These failutes i

Eastern Europe

Janos Himyaah, a wealthy merchant
ies in Eu
tom

ally, hiscampuiign wasadie

by once of ve 2 achlevedd
that goal without Cain
rue snand, Hunyadh
troops thesl

theadva

tousing poorly chosen Hungad's army had


AtHunyadis tral for his alleged incompetence, Vlad the

e Ortoman Sultan typically wen¢ "on a

dition with more reoops than the Cheis

o this battle." Turkish forceseasily repelled the

astern) European crusaders. Hunyadi fled; only with the

awistance of Wallachtan peasants was he able to find safety

Though Vlad the Dragon itt blame Hanya forthe
failure of the
"White Ke

scandal from succeeding. ln 1456, Hur

in Hues

jdt gathered an army
wm ond prepared another anti-Turkish Crusade.

of Capstranorused ancarny ot Trans
roaid him. Independently, the armies ofSe John and
Hunyadi moved towaad Belgrade. Fanci proved to be a

eter force than sheer force of arms, fr St Joh'sarmy fared

er than Hunyadis. The trumph of 8 peasants armed
with farm implements against che Tuskish host was nothing
short of miraculous

Hunyadi's crusade reestablished the vouthern border of
Wallachia, bur within afew months, itcould press no further.
Weather and disease proved to be the two most deadly
adveratics to the gathered annies, Swarts of infected rats
followed the carnage inflicted by the Turkish host. Asi result,
Hunyiadi himself dled of plague nor far from Belgrade. The
crusader Weal died with him,

There was no eagon for the Trineyfsanians ta blame the
Turkish
Eiirope knew that the Turks didn't need wperoatualalis to
lead them into battle. These Caunites held litele hope af
‘Western Eunpean nations unifying to tush to theie ad. Ife

4, it woukdn's make a damn bit of

to the Empire. The argument for Cainite

aginst the Axsnmites and ue Turks worked in other parts of

the world, but it seemed irrelevant to vampires who had seen,
al crusades fail first-hand,

PHE DRacaa PROBLEM AND THE
CONVOCATION OF HERMANSTADT
While modern h general argu:
is regarding the Camarilla, these issues take their own
nique slant in the voivodate of Transylvania. The Inquisi-
on is often cited a8 are ‘
When Transylvanians 4
the aeachery of one m
As we've noted alteady, Vlad the Dragon, one of the
mortal princes of Wallachia, was well informed about the
tundead, His son, Vlad che Inapaler, became even mone inf
tous. During his sue, he was known to demonstrate his
authority through acts of severe brutality, Befone heading his
cruuade against the Ottoman Empite, foe instance, he secured
his northern border by
Transylvantans. His honoe yu
thousands of moreals and heft th
‘who questioned hs tle

nites are familia

torotasan example toany

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES Il

Cainites suspected that the Soa of the Dragon fad at
cothermorivation, Vlad the Impalerwasanoble of the Draculesti
line. Several of the Danesti nobles, the members ofan enesny
house, teceived the support of the unseen tuampyr. When the
Impaler found eviderice of this, he led pogrom throwgh the
countryside to destroy these foul creatures, just as his father
hud done before him

‘When the veil thar sepmrates the living and he unvead is
parte, the real fs horror in ity Hlackest form, Obviously, the
Toimmisce ofsouthiem Transylvania haa tle regan fe the Silence
ofthe Blood. The resulting Inquisition threatened al ue Vamapites
‘of the region. In the yeaes that followed, the Impaler'sexecutioness
slestroyel doeensofvampies, Eventually, talesof ViadtheLmpalet's
butchery were retold throxughout the Holy Reman Empire. These
stories became the basis of the legend of Count Dracula, the
bloouthinty butcher thar descended from Praculesti nobles

The many facets of the Dracula problem" became 9
common topic among Transylvanian vampires. In fact, the
Convocation of Hermanstadt in 1472 (shown in Act One ofthis
book) was called largely © address this problem, The Trimisce
insted that theyhad the right address the issue on their own;
crherclansweren'tasvilling to trast the Fin sense of justice,
Although theCamanillawasn'textensive enough toconduet an
actual trial of this mortal, the arguments concerning Cainites
meddling in kine society continued for many years afterward,

Tue House or MIRRORS

In the 15th century the value ofthe Ca
most dangerous tapie of debate among Transyivanian
Dhuctomanyeventsin Cane history —thefllof on
the Bobolna Rebellion, the Draculesti-Danesti feud, and Vlad
Tepes' quisition — Transylvania' history would connie t0
Laine these discussions for centuries afterward

Bythestartofthe next act of the Transylvania Chronicles,
thatsociety was little more than a political theory. The few steps
the Cainites had taken to establish irdidn't hold back chaosand
rebellions, as muny elders thought it would. The Camamila was
little more than 9 house of mirrors, eridlessly reflecting the
diverse philosophies of the undead. Nowhere was this mote tue
than Transylvania, « realm where vampiric history and politics
reflected the malignant Jyhad of the Cainites.

THER
ONSIDERATIONS

Improvements in technology can drastically affect dhe
existence of both the living and the undead. Players who ate
well acquainted! with o¢her roleplaying games will likely waste
toexploit these developments as rapidly us possible, demand:
ing more firepower ftom weapons, better protection from
anmor and fister teansit hetween distant cities: At least a
passing ry with these innovations should make these
elements of your chronicle run smoother,


FireARMS
Veterans of the Dark Medieval world hive learned to
fxnquer using relatively simple weapons, such as swonds,
ossbouws. If they can mae it through the end of
it they'l beable wo improve their usenals. The
ines should help you repwewenr the role of
firearms in your game withous requiring you to Become an
‘expert in obsolete technology. Teait for various commonly
sed firearms are included at the end of ths section.
Technically, characters might ws firearms as eatly the
snid-14th century, but thove devices are so primitive asta be
blinose worthkén. The eanrwinloek wa the
zynne. It consisted of «small handheld
anda touch hole where a heated wite or bu
ve the gunpowder ins
Aldiwuade ceceanly dangetouy dis type of amnuament ts
extremely unvelable A person fing cannontock must we one
pemwhileusingrhe othertlighe the powder
cy inp ana iting anything
with the projectile mere chance. (Ir some terms, when
churacter attacks with a megorg the dficuly tit always
(east a9!) By the eatly 15th century; this device hecomesobsclete-
Medieval fiearens couldn' be aimed until someone in
rmechunical metho of igmicmy the power mate
them. Thisled tothe matchlock gun. next step inthe evolution
vf firearms. The fine schematic iMlustarion of this type of
‘weapon was documented in 1411. By pulling a crude trigger
(nowy aserperine) anankaau could bie dslow burg
fuse in contact with touch hole. Later designs incorporated a
1 the gunpowder.
Realyang  matchlock by priming the serpneme reuines
full and acest Dexterty + Firearms roll (Ths at)
Irbought asanew Skill defaulting fom Archery ast won't
work.) Once this has heen done, the matchlock can be aimed!
After three rurnse aiming, the final ol is made ata difficulty
Gencrally speaking, rekowing « macehlock or cannonlock
scquires about 60 seconds of uninterrupted effort. Antmping
this during combat 1s futile, 20 characters with pistols are
cncourayed to "fre and fnget" them early during a fight
The marehiock: isthe primary ype of firearm wsed until the
col of che 18th century. Various model inclade pistols, ang
gps breech or maxle-leaders and, after alxan 1475, rifles In
ation, there are varios unre! designs that allow multiple
‘hors, ur the vise majorty of marchlocks ate sige shot weap
«rx. For simplicity, we have lated two single-shot varieties,

shoulder stock and a pan cover to peo

Readyingamatchlock isunwieldy,so the next innovation in
firearms relied on a method of grating at
‘match or extemal source of flame. The frst sef-ignting firearm,
thewheellock, wasinvented athe beginning ofthe 16th century
This type of weapon was capable of "holding i
serrated wheel spurns
chamber. Some areasn# Europe cutlawed whcellocks for precisely
this reason. The wheel inside & primed by tuming « small
detachable crank, making these pistols
Skill with Archery does not
edge of these weapons. Instead, characters wishing to have
Kivowledge of hangin
tence points in the Firearms skill, For each point a charact
h the player should declare a specialization in
cone of the ypesof weapems listed, For Storytellers who require
more decal on 15ch-cencury firearms, further guletines und
information ate available in Mage: The Sorcerers Crusade.
Storytellers and players looking for exeensive detail and
bbronderselection (including a few name-bes rw da
ing back to the 16th century!) aire encouraged to cheek our
Michael Hurst's GURPS: High-Tech. les u bie "erurchy"
the Storyteller system, but much m
‘want extensive deel

ARMOR

Once your players haere that briganh on he od might we
fear theirsuralacraonmishche nee Roepe
fancy roleplay garnes, for nvtance, the
hou in ull sts of plate meal cy and night vac

a norm. To axkies the aspirations of players who prefer their
cheractersterwalk uboutlke reerkegedtai, we bend
points regndingthe nse plate mai. In answer totheint
Poyenhave Yeu mall spre Inarsetothe conquest
No, mest players eally won't want their characters 0 use

During duis pontod, full plate t wed
beginning of the 15th century — itis typically €
knights on horsehack traveling to war, B
night, any pretense of subrlery i lost once he begins wandering
the woods of Transylvania late at nigh jtded to the te
an all-out asstult ona neighboring domain

Foca Cainite in plate mal, Dexterity and Perce;tion Dice
Pool are reduced by 3. Movement ix drastically hindered. Eve
‘Cainmtesteang Celenty are slowea considerably Stealth i impos
sible without the use of Disciplines; wearing plate mall increases

apiece of nw topmaduce spurksinthe

"holdout weape
Ww an inherent krawl

1 other fxeartmsahould invest expe

sornplete for those who

thought of hen

Weapon Difficulty
Handgonne 8
Maréhiock pista

Marchfock'mosket

Whee lldck pistol

Wheellokiifle

Range Reload Time
20 16,
30 45
% us,
a
14

SHADOWS OF TRANSYLVANIA


Sal UU ETE

ASTERN EUROPEMIMIIIN

the difficulty of Stealth rolls by 2. Chanm.

lice for jookiny damage: with considerably

place ml provides five chee, bur i noe
The sight of. warrisr in fll pla riding into a cwnain can he

taker aba heerile gesture, and mayresult m an imwmediate counter:

Dark Ages; you've protubly already
ibeiny pearing

ve guklelie applies here

coffers diree extra
encumbrance
rouble

attack, IF you've playe
fektnnied your playerst
brllstae throuh seal tm

TRAVEUNG

characters will want
domains. The type
vase, still availabl

TRANSYLV/ANUY CHRONI

Traveling on horseback is somewhat faster, althoud
varies em Assume thot
for every 10 hours af

‘Walking on foor can be difficult herween large cise

that a coterie or pack ean cover 20 miles in 10 hours fs rather

wenerous, Oxcarts tavel at roughly the same speed

THE Pussace oF TIME

nificant, changes. Many of the
1¢ Dark Medieval world have grown outelite
given th

and new

their myst


In the wake of the Cam
decide to uphold the Via Humanitas, which
Flumanity. This should bea faiely seamless change for those
sheady on the Road, bur odhers who wish to jom the Camanila
fnuy have some morill decitons to. make
cvellent opportunities for in-depth roleplaving.
Many of the Lost (clans and bloodlines dimed to

struction) feel the inexorable weight of time and destiny by
this point. Ubiannan and the Silubel should face almost
ightly threats from ourside sources, and a Cappodocian's
existence should be uncomfortable, indeed. Players of these
lars should take their chance and meet Final Death in
appropriately dramatic way — that's thelt reward for playing
aimember ofa terminal hloolline. [suppose if you realy want,
you'could bring a Lost character into the moxlern world, but
thatdiminthes the value of th
butt the last Cappadocia
tellyou, (Besides, the tema
ae really the.

‘many varnpites

which ereare

hooey én my chronicles let
ing 20th-century Coppadlocians
oh, never mind.)

Finuly, certain Abi tomcet the inexorable
flow of time. As menticned price, the knowledge of Firearm ts

comming into proeinence. As communication speeds increase, the
osteallecocoe les mnporatandthecultivatsonct

simple
<timmsnal conacs becomes paramount (Le, Larceny ves way 1)
Streerwise). Hearth Wisk suffer true fll fc grace, othe
Casi ameniic mind see the Rersance ph ac
‘Whe ttl dll cane ato Magen
The Cainites ofthe Dirk Medieval world are abo well on
their way to becoming the Kindest ofthe tnosern nights —see
undead ar this time.
Strytellenareadvisettointegratetheechanyxstoilharebony
timeschange and how the vampires must struge to maintain their
toy Manguctade. Ty hide sang bumanklr, one rast resemble
it, and peancing around gown wath a bow while those
who may exally hear armacanry gunner we bitcelhing
‘Youscan bet the forces nf the Inquisition wil have theireyes open.

‘As the dirk Medheval nights segue into the modern
World of ackness, inevitable change yyestakes Caitite
which is rapidly becoming Kinxlced = pogiatys Orie of the
‘most common changes smong the saeiery of deaneleod is
their language. New wondshave come inguvorsaeilicold
terms vanish completely. Some existingieeilatakivori new
and rertlvingibaeaningy as well: Use these ew ras as
symbols gfthe grive state of fuxin, Which dhe Cainitestind
themyelged = néluse them to jong thelial pode
power dei sivaly After all, » Gunite big hie
Trwfede fi Rul ced ld vey
ibolated frony Wie Gaim fipigeol ie Agee

Anarch — A ¥amplte Wha oppotes the rule of elders
in favor of » more eatin siti din,

Antitribu — A earupietyshay tejeers the eaditions of)
ther clan; literally an Santen" ocintrertbaligt Most
ceusindu actively seek the destiaction of dele elders ia
the elders of other clash agin nace
Jyhud and the Anciedts, Bythie mille ofthe 16th ceudiany
(beyond ligskesPe.ofechig book), the ansinbae vill have:
twnited under the Bauer of the Sablat (y ). ak

Elvdidin <A cotcect put forth by retipace
‘Camacifhy; an Effsiumn is a "neutral zone" Where Chiles
rut acide theie hostilities end agree to ecu dilitied
tndividuals. Elysium ts radical concepe comanyGainites,
who view ochers entering theipemuatast withidimiprntort
one not sip co physical blend ani
vampiees will always be oceans tman !
other in ch back, breaking thele penises t oe another

and committing ¢rher innumerable treacheries

Lexicon

Kindred — A vampire. Under the Comatilla's mus:
pices. alf vampires Part of one vast 40 all Cainites
are Kindred toone another. Many cldeesteysed the term as
laughable, while supporters of the Camarillabelieve icwill_ |
being a new age of vauptre praminence./

Sahhat — Alebhah thereto SakhoesaAGlar se
its political meaning as thot

vy anaechs and anedliaba

ling themsclveaeabhons" based om the fe

supertitous prasantegato bel ve

dovils and oth

turned their backs an humanity
aulderie— A csc teed nr aki luke:
Hog wbezeby vanes pecformaceterniiil oer ovesel
the sorted vite of thetr peeryape! drink it Thy
Vaukketie, Whe peciormescemectty hic the power to heck
cexsug Blood Oni ouch plies them with vincu
(See below): The, er ‘not, as many anarchs believe
bing 8 id of diferent vari len together
Wass SHREIE pticrocd nal ones oe
‘ines bial Oniy ape at, Many your Camis,
WeaBOey hahah Mls url cxsown, patie
Walherc, which cues loyal wo te another
Blast muifaceced Blood Onch
though ir npplies ie rpdltiple Mividuals ns
‘Each vampire w' myc! in with the Vaulderi
receives ey who drink from the
Practice the Vaulder
eae ales theirdeaught

posed e004


,
|


"Cell re, 19199 friends, whe lives int
the castle ont the hillside.

‘Gilertce, steaniger. Jod forbid that
be should heat"

- Seederick Covoles The Vernpire
of Raldensteiri


STORY
BACKGROUND

15dh century. cocef the most important achemers
ovampaotall. sinfany
{sso reat thar he will nw nigh tscorne a fegerd many moet
hortarstories Theecruleexamplesoflawemnedieval*pulp fiction"
ereotypes about the undead in Eater: Eurupe. Ae
Vierese scaneal sheets describe che cruelty and
Dracut ie real. "Vid Dracula" is
ingrulerwho wasavillain
he oppremed and a hero 0 the Romanians he
J. His family, the Draculest line, had beets elevates to
in 1431 when he, asprinee of Wallachia,
veaw invested into the Order of the Dragon. ta Romanian, the
sword dracul means "dragon" to t
c, te word lay meats "demon,
he Dragon hndtheee sors, Theeldest brother, Mircea,
nctous cnvsdes agairat the Turks in Wallachia, The
J. Rac, wns an artraceive youth who eventually becarn
vita Kinks the Handone, Vag, the youngest aon,
darkestofthe hace chillren shiseremiexcalled ies
Vial Tepes — Via the I Tothe Romanians who praised
membered as the 40a of Vlad Dracul. Thus they
refotred to himv'as Vlad Drscubs, "the Soe othe Dragan.

for menyy
carly ws 1471

the watts of nobi

snemies of the Draculesti

ius figure plays
tory," Blood Calls

najor role inthis
Bloc." A passing fsa
ruin thi
ssummary of hi
dix. Even iF you aren't
eval history, though, this story shou
acquaint your players more thoroughly with political dangers
anal treacherouy schemes within the voivodate, preparing
‘sof the Transylvania Chronicles.

asiet. Por yo
mortal Iife ds includes
famlion with Later

THE Sree s
Lair 472)

Traruylvania once again
mies of the C

Jer asault, dis time by th
Stroman Empire. Nineteen years have passed
since the Turks conquered Canstantinople. During that time,
Sultan Mehmed If has repeatedly sen his armies on raids into
Exstem Europe, preparing the Bulgarians, Troneylvantansand
cand su

too demoralized to launch another
st the Turks. especially after the d

Hunganans fer cons

Western Europe
crovuade ava
Ortoman ¢

npaigns. The last time the Europesins assaulted

TRANSYLVANEL CHRONICLES I

the Middle East it resulted inthe death of Jano Haya by
plague and the defeat of Vind Tepes the Son of the Dragon.
fact, Vad was eventually captured by the Hungarians and
fabely imprisoned for allegedly aiding the s

Now it & 1472, and the mortal Dracula has been eeleseed
fiuin captivity, His fst ally, Pance Steven of Moklavia, bus
Iningined for his freedom. King Mathis Corvinus of Hungary
sow believes that Via Dracus could be Eastoen Europe's lat
hope for retaking Constantinople. While impriscied in the
fortress ct Vijgad, Droculs ual the occanion to meet with vests

to the king's suramer home: Some Hungarian nobles profes chat
the man once lasown ai "Vlad dhe Inypulie" has chang. He's
converted « Catholicism and even married the kity sister,

Fall b Get approaching, and Vind is e route to his home
fn Mediisch, From ther ie ena
aprinot th: Otoanon Expire. He's changed ull sight —enote
than tho king will ever realize. He has found peswerful allies,
and through them, knowledge that even the king does nar
postess, Just as his father leaned of the activitics of the
Trateylvanian anarchs from Dunga Sy years ago, Vial row
knows of the conflicts hetween the Assamites of the Mile
East and the Transylvanian Cainites

Unfornunarcty for him, uncovering the secrets of the
Stlence of Blood has a cerrible price. Vlad knows cow muuch,
and several Cainites have formed conspiracies to change 1
ccoune of his destiny. One faction of Tsimisce wants to Em
‘brace him so that it may aid him in his erusnde, seizing Bulgaria

ct ue proven. Another faccion
revenge for hisdestruction of itsbrethren, Pan {Hland Vlad che
Monk, «luring the Inquisition of 1460, While some Fiends
rcula as a figurehead for unifying their clan,

it htm destroyed. As usual

the intends to lead

want to use

conhier kre

cian eannota
Your playen' coterie is abour co be de

political macltrom. An olally of theis; Count Rady has his

‘own plans tor Dracula: OF cour, he eannot achieve them

without theie help

ScENE ONE: AN INVITATION
FROM Count RADU

(Que story hein i fortress i the Tahun Pras. ts 1197, 0
valiant corere of Cainites fought long and hard tala ts found
ojece wns financed hy Mls
Vykes,a Teimice from Constantinople. Since then. he's wed his
financial leveriye to help the Fienvh seize conten of the estate
Count Radunow westhe forressashistefge- Atmight,heatalks
the parapets, looking out ever the domain he once protected.

ited toa audience with Count

ofthe last book, Dark Tides

he characters are on favorable

The players! cotente
Radu. Ithey've survived th
Rising, chances are goes hu
for the corerie cobe imdcbecl toi. fall eke fails, Rah offers
a boon in retum for the churscters' cope

Meo, the


Tiberiu dev


Caste Bistritz

Ics pemible thar one or more characters may take
fence at Radu' eecupation OF te Cate Bisrc, expe
cially thy) bole hike fer ra aion dies apo. I hey
make remark abt abl peste pO Racy triestabe
nlermaticaslidan Fe paibs Phat the etle woul

neverkaveheen inked icheutM ska Vj inomcing
» aklilon, hfe thar die sie stil chica
compel dotbain.even aby iets he Oey by
their sebelictyshlSe, Frill Ness someivtae
ipecigroryeChe enrle ake unped by tae tl
Viad Tepes, ho received ical Fa Colm Mihaly
cgaly of Btn, Heexoentinn jn past) thatthe clan
curetitly segeascing with Drei Yoo fhe coco

wer the aaron tlt ey

TF Tams apesthip of the! fest epnthice

rotigly wil the story you wee tai also far feel ree

arrange Sine OWE tein FoF Count Rods co be

here Theat tikytinwe cigs ha

alliaice with the fctigné# Qlifites that owns icin your
chronicle. Any way youcTigyseto justify it, Ra

rampage through the countryside below i.

of another Turk
Hardestade's political aspirations.

This sets the scene for h . wersation
urns co dwell in the yeivodare, and
his confidence. Dramatically, he stands up and remarks that

the wall. [t is a portrayal of Via

Dracula, the former mortal prince of Wallachia
ies later, the painting he is standing beneath will
be known as the Ambras porteait and displayed in a gallery in

peuck. Twenty minutes in a libeary ned 30 seconds at 9
mused somethingabout hisupstart Dracula "Theconversstic
Spportunities to ask for more details and question Rad's inte
problem," anda ye salhent points for the charact

Sumply pur, few Tounisce agree on what two dev abou

Dracula, especially now chat he has been celeased from prison.
lieve thac his crusade should be supported. Ever the

the Turkish invasions (and theie atten

¢ the advance of the Orman Empire
tHhrearensthe sifety ofullof Europe, Other Tsimlsceareappalled
by Dricula's actions, They vant revenge for his atrocities,


lv hisarrackson newly Embraced Fienda. Infact, several
ice in the western knezntes have calle for his destruction
diplomat, Radu can argue either sie of the debate
The first argument proceeds ike this:Each time the Turks

‘aid Transylvania, the anagchs and ansiribu use che situation,

to their advantige: The cities suffer, and the Transylvanian

Princes must use their resources rebuilding instead of control

ling the anatche. Ifthe moreale rannot defend Traneylvan

southom border, everything the Caines have supported aver
the lise 300 yeans-could be destroyed. The last hope for
seopping the advance of the Ottoman Eespite fs Via! Dracula

For thar reawn. the Cainites want ro give him whae support

they can in his next crusade. With the cursed power of the

Embrace, he could possibly even retake Constantinople —for

the benefit of the Eastern Cainites, of course: A man of such

talent could be molded into a ereat tonl dor

‘The contrary agument isather straightforward: Dracula ie
two devious to be controlled by any individual, Wf Dracula had
soch power, Radu maintains, hisactions in the past indicate that
he would abuse it He was a magnificent leader, ro be certain,
andembodies man traits valued by the Tsimise

besafeto Embroce such a tyrant, Without Caine's eure, he han

lady killed several Teimisce- Ihe should manage todiablerise

an elder of wo. wholenowe what he might do? A man wh has
buutcheredrensof to of Transylvanianscannotbe trusted

vwith the power granted by C:
‘Ot course, there are other variations on these twor Wea,

Some say thar if Drncubraicendad ta power tn Cainite wociery he

would have the authority to abjugate the Transylvanian anarchs
nal anit, just as he demonstrated abvolute authority over his
‘mortal domains: Others point out that if the Tsimisce do noe
clan might. The shoughe of the Saxon
Vente oF the Assumites forcing the Son of the Dragon ineo a

Blood Oath undusing him astheirpawn is too terrible to consider,
‘ind stresses that the debute is not purely theoretical. ln
ct. the issue will become crucial within a few weeks. An
exclusive fete & being held an the eity of Hermanstade. The
romises to be: mesnorable, a many prominent
\cesand courtiersare expected to be im attendance
information as though he bs doing the coterie a
prince whos present may have already
1 of the event (ar the Storyteller' discretion),
The host, Pritice Otioo Hermanstadt, hasseon
vill be present. Prince Oxo, who hasalways had artes lib
attitude toward the Silence of Blood, has encourages his guests
tobring any mortals they wish to introduce to Camnite society
A.small faction of Tsimisce in western Transylvania has cized
thisoppoeumity by inviting Deacuba himself
tempt the joumiey to this
convocation, singe packs of antieitw in the city elow ire
hurling for his bloo
sctashis proxy forthe event-Nor
tw simply gather information ab

Ready ha lear tant ne

OF course, Radu

Thus, he offers the coterie « chance (©
ally, he would send Tiberi
at what's going w happen

there, but Radu hts greatet plans, He does
be wants to nct. His request i simple: Travel ts Het
speak with Dracula, and br to Castle Bist
thet several of the eastern
Transylvanian Teimisce to side with Rach ia resolving, the
Dracula problem, The Wester Fiend have too many per
somal isues at stake. By the time the ox
Embrace Dracula or kill him. H the coverie hae strong fcli
(on the topic, especially after having traveled with him for pw
weeks, the Fienads are quite willing to entertain them. Until

‘vince the Son of the Dragon of the

1 wane co watchs;
pata,

returns, the

nefits of the Enbeace.
eters may say that Count Radu himielf has
offered hima high-ranking position within Clan Tei
Vinal Dracula nce vest of Wallach ts sau
Radu offers the coterie chance t0 prepare for the
Journey, In nddition to his hospitality, he offer them the tse
fis study. They ore free to research whatever they think wil
prepare them for the trip. His political expertise sali at their
disp politi,
the factions involved in Transylvania,
anal some of the dean
‘cower this opporumity enough of an anceniive to
Radu's offer and do what they can 10 he
Ie should be evident ow that Rad's casual die
‘current events earlier hay been an attenspt 10 see hin
sant the characters are ini politi IF your players feel a litte
overwhelmed arthis point, chey muy ried to fll back ot same
Politics roils later on. W they' to survive
journey, they're gningtoncedall the politica

AA Brier INTERLUDE IN THE Strapy
Radu cetites to his study to give the coterie time rod
how it wall prepare. Let the characters discuss their oppo
nity nt length. Do hey snust hin? Do they need further
assurances! Will they require further research to prepare!
When they are ready to speak to Count Rada ny
find hes not in the library ns he
Inscead, they encounter the s2lachta Cierna, who g
her master is in the sudy, With a ite bir of prom
takes thei there. Quite abruptly, she theows open the ch
and says, "Master! Your guests wish to pe:
‘Count Radubasbeen retaxing.¢hinkut
problems. His most recent mtellectial distraction i €
seulpting. Radu does not use clay.
rman sits on a footstool, remaining absolutely wall. The courte
catefully esculpeing the bones of fs subject' fee, On the
opposite wall hangsa portrait of Jaliax Caesar: Rak has ones
rather poor job, but is strugeling adiitably. Count Rack leaps
wt knock when you

ake up

wvever. A hapless youn

states, "L was merely mediating," He theows a sheet over his
model, then escorts the churacters so the library

BLOOD CALLS TO BLOOD


deal, pei wit brief them an local palities,
saul do whitever else i necessary 11) close the deal, Once
Radu has fulfilled the cotetie's eoncems ta your satisfuetion,

have hit bid his guests goodnight

ScENE Two; CasTLE
IleERMaNstapt Awarrs

The start of Scene Two should sce the coterie cornpler
ing its prepararions for the task ahead. Rady stands an fron
ofthe gates of his castle with

the coterie. Th

Ye most prominent member e
Term the prestation hve been discussed,
and an agreement

Fell beasts of incredible strength stamp the ground
vipat their bridles. eager to stretch theur muscles over
ney ulead
The journey from ¢

fe quite un

sele Bistit
the evening, The fin
entful, but as the
itz, they notice signs
‘occasional sight of a building in flames, the brief outline:
pack of vampites crucifying an a monstrously
discarded by the side
convince the chi
If you like, yo
ssarche waylay the carriage on a dele roail not far from the
ity. A pack of 15 antitnibu forms a barricade across the dirt
ppath and levels ity firearms nt the carriage, Unless this leads

twabrutal (ind pointless) fight, the anarchs demand to know
achat the

ped peacant
f tie rood should be enough to
stots why Rad does not travel abtoad

may even choose to have a group of

ie to wee if Count Radu insite

ane does anything stupid, they'll let the conch

chey'lleven search thee

It you chome to play out this interlude, don't spend to
fealeh eine on it
Heermanstiade

the real story waits for dhe coterle in
Therest ofthe journey ftom Bustrits to Hermansrade rakes
roughly (wo weeks and proceeds without further incident, As
he-cosch appmaches the city, the characters can see afurtress
vtia great hillan the distance. S
moor the castle defends xc
Romans, urburians, Mongols sna Turks. Some Cainites may

ts symbol that the Childer of Caine dived the Dark
Ayer, and that their power will endure

Moreals

beliowe that che Saxonserected it to procect the tin

the tegion. Cainites may be more familiar with its hidden,

the Nosferatu: master mason, acted as the

tion. The kine who reside here have

TTiberiu alights from the coach and opens the dor. A:
he directy the corene
remark about the castle being in a state of Elysiuan, The
concept isa somewhat recent one, but he'sencountered this
type of situation before: Anyone commiteiny an
violence will fice retribution. As for a
‘obvious use of Disciplines... well, this is. prest
with guests who probably won'reake te too kindly. He wishes
them good luck and leads the horses to a nearby stable

ScENE THREE? PIECES ON AA
CHESSBOARD

Two ghouls scand waiting in the doorway to the foye
of ewscle Hermanstadt. These doormen are obsequi
the extreme. When the vampires of the coterte approach,
the ghouls humbly petition them for their names. Unte
there are any princes present, the ghouls look quite puzzled.
A quick reference to Tiberi or Count Radu is all thot is
necesary to get them inside, One even jumpsat the chance
of leading the coterie t © party
sectnsa little 100 easy; One of the characters may earch on
thar security isn't very tight

Teading the cases, a door behind a book:
shelf, and several winding corridors. If
they're paying

i tow spiel
yyone stares thor
attention to the path, make sure to
acknowl Afvor describing a lnbyrinth of
imly lt ind the echo of footsteps, have the ghoul
mia huge set of weoklen double-oors: Now: contrast th
empeiness of the hall
Hidden: behind the maze af deeary corridors is a grandiose
ballroom, The ghoul who led the coe
announcement proclaiming itsartival, wd
sis ifany of the characters are princes. Fifteen (

fr aweincely

asses
with the opulence of the gals

tra empha
nites atop

‘Count Radu has prowly understated the grandeur of
this meeting. A wealth of different tmpreasions assaults the
characters? senses On a tuised dais earby, a group of
Parisian musicians domanstrates its artistic brilliance. A
fabulous ice sculpaure melts slowly inv the siddle of the
roam, Obscenely expensive tapestries and Jorn
the alls. A sinpruous banguet has been Laid
mortal guvets dares 4 touch it

All these distractions averwhelm the coterie briefly
until one impression ov censation: There
re in the roam. When a

is a monstroxsly powe

filth-genicration Cainite axes Majesty, everyane damn well

1 for this ancient

a far corner of the

tic pasture of a Roman

9, he's become accustomed to powerful mortal
kinceling before him

vampire hangs



Prince Orto?
Acthe beginning

weer as though
The athe

he event, Prince Oktoshould
"s very inflvefviennebwery fool
nig digit wali shape At e's
lucky. the Ventrucaaha Temtsce Yul! re Soa fedson
wove lie a
ret of revenge laterddagway frost castle Af the
Uther hand, one pose webct ta cteray here
could be Hood on thé éalls!yathin inimtey) Why
twould Prince Oreo do spelt VER gino
Liye rend eg de ERE dh, Fay remem
ber chat ube Cait fqueny nonin as Ricandra,
Mitre of igus, Hi tsa Oke plage. She's pone
enon nhl rfetth Ow auUaiciline She'eront
Out's fe8toayhinbey af al Mesicrafcl
wp Noticed inane Sfauppecriler than ever.
Sivan Plaftodyéndinggainst the mide. Ax
Megas etal ay Patricuags have fresh reasons to
Hhse-otch Behe. shoe super mare alles among he
Venginétycting vy ute iter dom that, she sends
eedffeyfo offer dice berets to the Trimisce What
besediey
them inyphesahic {pyrh'\"ty
\ntroslicl Cajnire of eapaliidrent tions to each
ther, bur secretly, she sie Wi her Nosferatu spies,
trie willing

1 at dehed huni eve and

AKES Princ!

enough, the

s Pawn
les on the flor of the hallenem
{ pattern, rather like the aquares of a chess

board Figuring out who ceally controls the various pieces on
the boand m

take lite work. Once the wampites venture
hole starting aquaros, che amount of tetmiot in the
The current state of the board at the beginning cif the

sed below. It stay that way
cant the pty pit LO minutes afte
loa will send
the oth

ut Scouts" to offer diplomatic plates ta
underway, te different

politica
room, but the lines of hartle will reruain clearly draw
Formostof theevening, Dominus, the Ventrue Inconnu,
1 leave hin comer of the room. Anyone who
rtesy. H
Transylvania will one day be
£4 new Roman Empire.

ppreuch him must doso with extreme e

A few feet away, two Tr
Airind, Novawelghs het wink w

inverse with Nowa
ly, lorshe know,

ly powerful Vencrue is watching het closely. She
mouths the party lineas best she can. Her main goal istomake

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES It

Dominus, VENTRUE INCONNU
a poemmait of this Ancient One with broad
9: He speaks lictlegpriferting to impose his gran
deur upon lesser ceeanumepwhe nervously stutter thet
obsequios reports ny Rigas His use of Majesty this
evening saslighrstrsip aginst the concent Elysium
but who the bel folate that? Domi
sox foot four, ya Maker aka gated from spending
‘over a millennium Sway fromthe ban As a regal
aistocudic and vastly wealthy citorite.he spe
the adthotiy-Fn ones fulgheyompire. Al
decisions ard inade With the assistange of a small cab:
of fellow Indonnw and warmasers/ hE directly cakes
credit for aver [ 000}yeatigaf Westernthistorv.

Here's algo! guideline when poruaying a crea
ture of such epic starures [AgINGWals whio really have
power never eed to fbunt it As part of that, don't ue
any of his hulifen Diggiplines unless they're aholutely
positively necnssiry. When a 1,000-year-old vampire is
forced into aj Ficuatiga wherg he must show ‘off
strength, something tye goneyery wrong. In that case,
rolling dice ih wee ringhThe walking godt mutt
solve the problem quickly Agdhdecisively, then walk
away as the lesters atOunc that slowly rea
awesome power cpiild have easily destroyed them.
‘Again, dévn't ie rile unless Fe story needs ir,

Nb Trnity dot provided for Devin; simply ke
bid PRE redgseacy? Anyone Fotis enough to
pick a fight wptcht hint (ppokised theyuomehow ever

ene daia Moje), well, WOR crap hleal. Dossinen
air of O¥ErpOwering menace should serve as enough
| searing to rae wih ill inten }

sure the Tremere are fiappy with wha the Ventiue say, As for
therestof he people in the room, they're potential enemies
the Ventruc and Tremere. Nova postures asa staunch ally of
the Worlocks, thouigh this isa rut, (See Chapter Five.)

If youown Transylvania by Night, che two Tremere she's
talkingtivare Malgorzata and Celestyn_ Ifyou don't have that
book, then cut two Warlocks from whole cloth, Anyone who
knows Tremere polities should renlize something nbout these
riage: Although they te important to the cian; the Usurpers

id enough to send anyone vital to such a dangetous
hering. Exnius has a "previous engagement."

The Uisurper'acinadessagest that they ane almost ready to
vet asboxlygiands. Anyone who can yet away with using Atspex

Empathy) sens that the Tremere anticipate an

slence. Anyone teachinigpsychic tenn intitheie

Jeep trouble, though — imagine two Tremere eklery

anda Ventrue Methuselah numingandd looking at the transgrescu

in unson. Ifths happers, Demunus advances one squace toward
the Tsimisce and the tensiog in the room ries a few ntebex


Closertothe ice sculpture, Arianne of Clan Toreador regarch,
ber surtoundings with cold appreciation. She obvicusly doesn't
igre damn about polities — she jst finds the wight of so many
comfortable Catnites tn one room tobe delightfully entertie-
tng ff anyone can charm hee with wit or gloae over womeone'
rmsfertune, she sable to ave the most accurate ceca who's
hung wh She even makes few bret aggestions cn where the
trae place wo spark an amguinert (or light a fie).

Opposite Arianne, Stanislaus of Clan Bruja looks vastly
cor of place. He i obviously here as scane token gestute 0 his
clan, He looks as though he's stoking his courage, getting ready
‘ocharge into Ventrve temtory and give them his best cant If
anyone talks rolim atlengeh, he remarks hae the Te
like they're preparing for conflict, and Dominus books like he's
sping to try toget away with something, Before he can have his
rmament of glory, the events of the next scene huaniliate him.

If you've read Transylvania by Night, Gutka of Clan

eratu walks slowly from one axisof the room tu the other.

gor power and prestige, and she & <
serate it. Her status ouside Transytvania allows her t make
scenewhuat gross geeralizitionsibout local politi, Herstatis
an allows her to +h just being Gutka

Terrible rurnots of her preference for Comite vitae circulate
among the guests Storytellers without Lransylvania by Night
should create asuitably grotesque emissary for Clas Nosferatu

Zellos is here as well. Inviting bien ws the eisiesr and

ffensive way to nclide more Nesferatu, He ts the mest
politepensitintheroom,andhasarepuration ehatallows him

rere look

within he

raciously approach anyone else present. On the other
il, the only subject that truly engoges his interest is
J be makes small talk about i all nigh

Anatole and Lucita wander about, andare here mainly to
abserve. Anatole, the only Malkavian in the room, is bold
‘enough to make remarks to just about anyone here. He always
begin» his conversations veeming quite rational, hut event
lly his dialogue beeomes oensive: When he startsto remark
about God's plans far the Cainites, it get to be a bit mich
Lucita looks concerned for his safety, Her primary thought is
making sure het friend hax an escape route. Lucita's deadly
reputation 1s an assassin precedesher, however, and the other
Cainites afford her a wide berth.

you like causing rrouble, have ane or wo Nosferatu spies
‘Obfuscate ahout the room while listening to private conversa
tions. they remain undetected, "Prince Orta" willgathereven
‘mare information. Ifthey den's, then Ciutka of Zelios may take
erie from the other Cainutes. Ruxandea doesn't mind, as longas
all of the Nesferana get out ofthe room alive

1 Taimisce és ostensibly holding is own gathering in
thelr section ofthehull. Anyone«pproaching Count Rustavitch
must make t successfully through the packof Fiends, Rackoljna
‘of Krkow here ns the most abjective of the Fiends. (Again,
those without Transylvania by Night should create an appro
priacelyanti-Germanic Fiend.) She favors the ideaof Embracing
Bracula, but does not voice her opinion too strongly. She likes

the ides! af Coutie Ruste
hopefully using the Son of
Western influence in

hi taking Vid wader his wits.
e Dragon to stem the vide of

astern lands the Tsimisce are unified

afterall, that makes it easier for het to understand them,

i, a ninor Teimisce the characters have never yee
before, avoids Rizkafjeia He looks av though he can btely
stb regates his listeners with tales of Wlad Dracula's butchery
He prods che most dramatic reeling of Drscul' sl
in Kronsealt, decapitation of Dan II, and
Taimosee in forests of
salonce nt Dracula, burs quickly repelled by Ris

A few other mince Tamisce are here a wel: Fave fin with
them. They don't quite Hendin with the rest of the rout, they
nue wntheach otherincessntlyandthey have quite ewes
remarksabour what they like indo with the ewo Tremere. Prince
(Otto chone them wisely, There a chance in bell they'l walle
away ror this respecting the Ventrue or Tremere

Eventually, the coterie needs to approach Co
Rustovitch, the snivode of the clan. He never lets Dracull
cof his sight. His main interest ts that the Son of the Drag
should Jearm about Cainite society ay quickly as possible, He
Vishly demonstrates any ueertain parties thor this wild
card is under his control, Ocasionally, he whispers remarks
about

Several morralsdnftahout the rnom, blsfully unaware
who hates whom, They ate all peential
the Embrace ot life asin ghoul, One is Sa
second is wise old man froma Romanian corm thind
2 politician from Hermanstadt. At one point
chat with one of the chaeacters: Arya
develop wlun the kine's in

Ifthe chameters charge into the Tzimisee section wf the

the bexinnungot the part

rious occurrences in the room.

dar for either

ing eabptoe cowl

plier
nan the Cainites Lurking on the oppose
co the room. If they're emart, they'l splic
Nonetheless, che battle lines have been drawn, and other
(Cainites wari to play the factions against each other

the games begin. The
poaition.

ScENE Fou!
A Livery Discussio}

"The coterie may fcel rather nervous about amecring with,
so many prominent Cainites, particularly if they have ate
tended such meetings in previous years. The conversations
tange from trivial to profound. The members of the coterie
may soon find themselves talking to vastly different Cuinites
sing. matters: Hardestadt's plans for the
Canacilla, the threat of the Anareh Re
the Transylvanian ander, the dangers of traveling theoug
ulate, and 30 on. Check out Chaprer One for i
Transylvania currently — that's why it's there

nl. the activities of

BLOOD CALLS 10 BLOOD


While many of the j
tionstothee

sts have
Transylvania, most are cantionsenough
initey present for their reactions,
eV are princes by thistime. Each of the elders
jy want
tocitculate, they can gather this Information quickly, offer:
tunities for heavy roleplaying

The experience should be sot

While 20rt-century vampires have

text the
particu
present hasan agendaof husown. Ifthe characterste:
liye some cp
ething of & novelty
luxuries of transpor
ion that allow them to gather
ny Lth-centiny Catnites are
nfortable in this sort of solree. A brief word of advice for
sunning (Improvise us many subplocs ws you want, bur
make sure the characters feel as though they are at the
centeraf the action. Indulge them in the
into dangerous territory, but if they de
others, maneuver another chess pie

practically at will, not

position. Ifa player
polities, mention her ch
Count Radu. If ill evo fails, rhe mare

4, the mote she

really stuck talking about local

nthe study with
ots a chon
members from her preparation,

ter's evening
or ha
The corerie's objective, Dricula, never ven:
inthe Tsimisce. He tstaciturn, observing

In fact, anyone with Auspex or fami
the Empathy Talent can sense
feat

Eventually, the characters will get tw the
ment of truth: making Radu's offer wo Dracula, Fist the
must ask Rustovitch i they can speak to Vind alone. Ifthe
Jon offer this courtesy. the count hovers nearby and casts &
palloverthe eanversation. Ii,.can the other hand, atleast one
hha» been able to survive the heated
the Tein

member of the cote
Jiscimston be Fienls grant Luin the honor
of speaking to theis eues

vinig the Son of the Dragon, be police, but
pict. Lead the corerle inte talking more than you do
There's v doing this. As long as the offer is
teaspnably polite. Dr carerie by acceding
eaten the lines will sense

as quck

Ant quite readily. Anyone who can read be
the wants (0 get our of here
the wala js starting to deteriorate, The cimnversations linet
at a. point just short of physical violence, Though no one
would be gauche enough to force the use of Disciplines or

dation at» gathering like this, the divisiveness inthe
ring the evening crashing toa halt. Some

cut these sorts of discussions for

sweplayers hate dn

wey may even try to stir upd
on with Dracula,
when all hell is about to beeak loose.

Then hit ‘em with the next ycene

PRANSYLVANUA CHRONICLES IL

‘SCENE FIVE!

AL Heated ALTERCATION

‘Several guests mise cheir voices in their conversations.
‘The tension builds. ft finally breaks when a pack of five
waists ph a dials, On dear hak
the head of the poor ghoul who escarted the coterie here. The
pack charges into the room, creaming war criex With weap:
ons drawn, they surge into the gathering, splitting up
immediately. In an instant, violence breaks out as the band
asaails the assembled guests.

As this occurs, Dominus yrands at the farend of the room,
doingoothing. Hehasnoreal urge toleapinto the fray. instead
‘he amuses himeelf by seeing how the lesser Cainites react. Ifa
character is also one of the first victims attacked. Vintilla, our
tive af of i bee pws edo in lt wb

Aarcn Garecras
Generation: 11th
Natures Fan
Demeanor: Rebel
Physical: Strengrh 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Socials Charisina 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 1, Wits 3
Taleater Alertnece 8, Braul 3, Dade 3
Skills: Melee 3
Knowledges: Politics 1
Disciplines: For each anarch, divide three points herween
Coley, Poxenive and Foucioude
Virtues: Conscience or Conviction 3, SeléContro or tn
sxinct 2, Courage 4
Rond (Humanity oF Beast):
Willpower
Notest Of sours, the anarchs have Traits other than
these. There's no chance of other Traits being used in this
encounter, however
Thomelee doesnot las hong Give the coterie afew uensto
traw! with the anarchs Gust long enough tw let the combar
rmonscers show off), One ofthe mertals grievously wounded in
the fine. Thi enraes the eldest Cainites i the mom. Throueh
"Thaumanungy,Colerty and other undead means the anarchs ae
<quckly slaughtered. One bursts into flame; a second is ited off
the ground and smashed ico a walla tind aches in horce as
his lesb is shreds by shadowy apparitions, and soca.
Shortly thereater, Oxodieeets the ghouls
upthechunksofn

nttoclean
cat and ashes solting the floorof his ballro

the charactersa chance to

sh. At the oppenite en of

auighs upeoarioxsly. The sight of ananch



Tit CONFLAGRATION
By now, the corridor mmunediately above the balle

exits around them, Call for Wits
all around, This might stare
up for a combat
ase, however:
he rol
nes alany oreo the

ini all appa
+ Alertness rolls (lifticn
the players
encounter in ab e. That's rot th
ve member of the coverie with the most suceesses
ung this stranger's aura reveals that the mysteri-
wa ghoul. Theclock isticking, though, just
fhm a chance to speak
| know snother passage out of the castle," he calmly
tates. "T was one of the men who helped build it. For three
phialsof your blood, | will get youout of here safely. Would this
he aweepraber
The hou, Nicholae Olshaus, can indeed show the
tery a sectet excape route out of the castle. If the
characterstefue, thea ing through theflames,
pessily making several darygerous soak rolls (ifthe characters
have Fortitude), and riding out a frenzy ay they run down a
flery stairwell. You shouldn't feel obligated to kill the entire
coterie, bur don't let the characters know that —they might
cebnose to take this devils deal
Enther way, the scene ends with the coterie watching
Castle Hermanstnde in flames from its surrounding coure:
and. Many of the seryanes die in, the conflagration, By
moming, the cit Hermanstadt will have to. start

rebuilding their castle. With Zehow in the neighborhood,

SCENE Six:
RETURNING TO BISTRITZ
vay. The castle is gutted,

in who's butchered
Wein front of your

les fovira.m, Dawn isan howe
there are no buildings for miles, an
en ot thowsind oti
coterie. No probler
WW the troupe has been diplomatic, they've already én
ince Dracula of dhe benefits of meeting with Rucht. Vlad has
been traveling toward Mediasch over the past few weeks,
-njoying the sights of his native land after years of imprison
ment: He's quite willing todelay his trip. Tiberiu has hitched
the hellhorses (or substitutes thereof) aris teady taescort Vial
Dmcula and the triumphane coterie back to Raxdu's domain,
After the journey proceeds for several days of downtime,
Dracula leads the characters into topic they're familiar with:
the benefits of the Embrace, He wants to know everything. It
che charactees meer up with him ina few centuries, they'll find
it ther surreal that they once knew more about Caine' curse
thanhedid. He neager toknow more, and purwues answers like
v predator stalking his prey.
niliar with the life of Dracula, this would alsa
tame 10 have him relate a story from his
cacu's books have plenty of these.) Possibilities

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES 1

include the time he nailed tuebuns to the heads of visiting

Turkish emissatic the occasion on which he boiled a Gypsy

spyalive,hisjoy at feasting before forests impaled victims,

the details of toanngat servant's womb op

prove she was not pregnant — anything tut

violent sense of hime, Then rematk that he is 9

Introspective for

lig at stall nnd ceustniscenves. Apparendly, his wedding
Catholicism did not chang

is important, however, to maintain an ait of Do

charisma amid his tales of depravity, This ix

1e Feat ofthe journey, accasiaially chijck

Before too long. announce the sight of Tawa P.
distance. Dracula ts delighted by the scenery, Staring
castle, be singularly impeessed by it, Although
cons t,he has ot yer hada chance to eis. He's eager to walk
through the corridors of his castle. Your description of the
gates opening, the wolves howling,
ts probably losing its dramatic effect hy' now, hur feel free to
linger on the moment thac Dracula crosses the theest
Castle Burrs forthe fire time
Radu greets Dracula warmly, showingdeference while
mouthing planicudes, He makes che expected remarks
about how his clan eagerly awaits the day when
Constantinople will be reclaimed, ete. It ipobviows, though,
thac something has decreased his enthusiasm. A brict
exchange occurs in the hallway, Count Radu snyit
Dracula into the next mom fora quick discussion, Raia
states that he will return momentarily, then escorts the
Impaler into the libenry
Ina few minutes, Radu returns, saying that his converss
tion with Viad mast wait a few moments. The coterie should
be surprised by this
*L must speak to you privacely,""he say
has been made for ux." Clever vampi
thar there are no other € inside the castle. "Some
‘one more powerful than the Eastern
Dracula's fate. Tikeriu is to leave within the hour
deliver Vlad Tepes to hit. Yo
Pany them on the journey, as 4 mi
guessing that you have never had
interior of the Cathedral of Flesh."
Lthis ion't the first vession in your chronicle, the words
"Cathedral of Flesh" may hi phversation
before. [fthey haven't an Incelligence + Occult roll (diffe
culty 8) should identify (t immediately, It Is the
Yorak, a Teimisce Methuselah, Several prominent Casites
have descended into that Metamorphonist's lair, never to
return. The words "Hell on Earth" should come to tnind
(Count Rady asks the cocerte to wait for himn for about 10
sminuces. He states that his handsare tied in ths matte, Yorak
haseicher chosen hischilde or determined his victim's method
fone way oe another. Rashi
sce who wish to destroy him,

wiace will decide

raged to accom
of secitiry, Lam
1c humor of seeing the


ey, Rapa?
LEmpracep Dracann"

1 some hypafnétive player wants ter Embrace
Drac and res ueiteumvent che whole story, ies
possible, bustigtaelvisable, Firscoff, Vind thelmpuaer's
got a fow potgerfuil Contmatas in Clan T: whet

ake co very kinnly, Cholkiprgfew dozen
scg/entemies fight aWalh Neg. Radu'sibeen
yeti ihusysudye Rernethbed shar!)
ifiesahsolyeély necessary; Coonnitaehi cat fleshceatt
the choublinte Dévetty'siage: Mad ahs ave
the slave lmpefsonate hit day, dial continue his
mortal ede

If fhe cocerie Embtaces Dracula in the

nije ill dhe ploc af dormal. Upon rewumung
to Cou; Radu's cast, the coterie's patron reveals
that Yor neste of beting as Vlad's mentor. T
coterie firtle blood tots eager to go. Once that's
done: yentean either: a) edtbracula in Scene Eight
and have theéhoroughly conditioned revenane re-
place-hilin, oF B}-have diet boty travel back to
Mediasth and garrmgut the events dfthe interlude

carriage:

V pte :
Oh, anddon's forges the dhirdyignifidant point:

Dracula Later becomes fascinited saith thy concept
eric. If Vind copglinles Bhis: Mery wa a

character's childe, sooner grfaterghe'll gain a cox
isown, They'd love to help him cons
sire's soul, So much for escaping ug of
Dracula,
eal with the ate
pas you'll need to

(your player absutocely thes Eusbrace
» ahead. Juse make suré you're pespared to
antdiserepanciesiand plot conces
nake as Storyteller I's your game.
ee

but he cannoe deny Yorak. In face,
chat cis

1 says that he's surprised
ature ofsuch power didn't just reach out aeronsthe
Jeagues to Dominate his tid,
ints those words teave his mouth, Count Radustops in
ows his head. He
ly. A wine glass onanearby tableshatter=
Then, in an instant, the pressure ts released
*The legends of Yorak's prowess," Radu states, "
diced most impressive." Abrupty, he leaves the naam for his

private conversation with Dracula,
SCENE SEVE
THE WILL OF ELDERS

» pass. Radu returns sin. He apologeticlly

ro doubt be grateful to the coterie for
ance int escorting, his honored guest. He seems
mnnetved, asthough he fuss resignes! himself to fate

sentence. He cleniches his fists
shakesever soli

their ssi
somewhat

Speaking rather sofily, he states shat an invitation to
Carheatral iva groat honor, one not 1o be refused, The tem
upholds the ancient p ycient Meta
cults. Although the d
‘of corruption 1

tell

ions
hus maintained the purity of the land. Radu isp
stomare as he grey this description, is though lis opinion oft
The coterie could respond to th niber of ways
‘They aight decide char dhe eathedral is the last place they
want to Iso, they can run fort
ne in Bist
of that. They
is actually

ur unhives new and try to

ore dwn, There's nor niuch,
ight decide that receiving Yorak's
goal thing. If 30, they're: fools, since

chane
grat
Yoruk doesn't really give a damn abour them. Another pos
bait» hac dhe characters may sant 10 warn Dracula
pethaps accompany
best inte

sts and the
IFany of the characters are from Kronstadt or Medtioseh
they might secretty be chuckling by now, Vlad Tepes ha
tusichered thousands people jorak does
could he anuch worse than aayth lFthar's
rtasce hum ster
he stoning increasingly paranond
Malkivians in the
for His powers ate

Kad looks as tho
He whispers « remark to any Tremere
troup, "Protect your minds, my friends
strong." The count 4 struggling co maintain his defenses
‘against psychic assault. Anyone foolish enough to attempt ti
probe bis mind is met with: wud usmuch Willpower
as necessary before he flees from the room. Hopeflly, uc a
sameful display will noe be necessary

The connie grants the coterie a chance t» convene ity the

(room ta discuss how bad things ate, When they ger back
from this private discussion, you'll know how to sell them on

g them. Regardless of which

mat hhusastic about the
trip. Hed
accompany hies on this journey. Th
the Cathedral of Flesh the next night

‘Via appeits to regard Radu's suggestion with equanim
ity, He ts eager to get urnlerway, and states chat he would be
mont grateful forthe coterie to accomp
that he can find some way tos, compen
axsistance. i thisoifer advanced correctly,
be too curious to refuse

At this point, the character' relationship with Dracula
becoines pivotal If they confide in hura thst Radu has litle
choice, and that they're doing this by dictate rather tha
desire, Dracula may believe ther. He'll consider them a
conypromised by fate: Ifthe coterie lay carries hint to th
Cathedral, however, he may get suspicious of cheie motives
anid never forget this display, Noe thar the characcers should
care — the Son of the Dragon's about wm ger offed, righ?
Possibly. Nothing is quite what ic seems

, une aoks the coterie te

vach proceeds tows

y hima. He ts cernain
for theit
‘oterieshould

BLOOD CALLS TO BLOOD


SCENE EIGHT:

Tue CarHeprat oF FLESH
Tibeti's carriage wough a bleak wasteland in

witch once fo ana nt de ind the barthe

ism knows of
ston wha has despoiled,

on here
a few mi
the spirits of the ext
sof the wit. Both eales are n
‘truth. Anyone familiae with Ta
Kupala, the ancient demon of eon

The legion of pitts who serve Kupala poisons the earth,
»its ord and master. While Fiends

pan the seal of their native land by nught, earth that

has been befouled by Kupabs'

Through koldun

2c gives no comfort,
ry; the Taimisce have learned heat
repel this intestath the purity of their homela
in Transylvania, The mse sare gh for this tas is Ki
Night (which may hol
dor characters who pave
Rising). The cetem
veel, homey

ficance tor young Teimisee
igh Act Three of Dark Tides
ny 1s performed here morihly. Newr the
Kupala's serength is incredibly strong.
Tiberta'scarriage cresesa large hill, showinga gedforsaken
valley of harren soil. The horves immediately stop. They are
obviously afraid. and will go
les in ever
is]a.cave that yawns like the mawol

» further. The blasted heath
dinwetion, Arthe center of

hell. Tiberiu dares not

breathe a word. He alights from the carsage, opens the door

Anyone watching him can ee that he isdesperately

wwe what command of Animalisa he hay left 0 keep the

hhorves from bolt

Deseul roachue to the entrance w the cave,
sk!" be eries out "You seek me! Here |
ain!" The cuterie ener chnone ti tremble like Tiberi or follow
Dravula. (The options far characters who warch fromm outside
the cave ure described at Ube end of this scene.) If necessary,

analsays," My fricnal, you are vampites, ate

thowing no fear. "Y

H che coterie insists up
i demealediy fei

like
dest' Yon

aven cowards,
9 pe a eae
the cave and greet them heamtily. He offers them
carries wondrous gift for them that they cannot
powihly efi He infant skin —

an the
avern, Failing all

his blessing

ifnoone nthe coterie has the courag

and the ghouls in their

ejected (sce below), he'll

ny on the gridy detatls he wit

bur that's what the characters
heriu do their dirty work

athedral, send Tiber
ame them. Once he

tbe every hing,

» enter the

vessel. This isn't ase
rve for letting pos

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES IL

Hopefully, someone's gor a spine. A few feet into the
caver, vistors tothe cathedral notice somethi
the stone walls, The amoxphous mass seems like plaot mater,
bat it appears to shiver ever so gently. Veins iy the alls
loggisly propel fluids with afaine luminescent glow. Anyone
with medical expertise can see various... organs... lin
nated in. the chunks of tissue: As the cathedrals sobeiquer
suggests; the walls-are actually erafted from huenan Head,
shaped and distorted to form a tapestry of viscera. The tainted
fluids churr through w complicated network of capillaries,
arteries and veins as they provide faint iluaination,

Characters who travel through these faintly glowing
cetridors eam discern onty faint outlines of the shapes within
them. For this, the coterie should feel grateful

Two red eyes peer from the darkness. Anyone with
Witness of Darkness deteers two misshapen figures loping
toward them. These figuresareservitorsof Yorak, They do not
speak, but hiss in some forgotten form of communication. A
tendel of pyrchic energy leaps frou one mund to the next a
the servitors speak, bringing on painful headaches ara resting
the limits of the cotere's willpower

‘Twenty feet further, the mass of tissues spreads across the

floge ae well, absoching the eateries foepwints wrth mot

sickeningsouncd. Some sculpted formsprotrude ftom the wall,
thurnotall ofthe hedy partsrepeesenres here are kentitiable
cor even human. The tapestry of flesh periodically surge,
indulging in a brief rippling of pentaleis: At any given
the vestiges of a head ot face may emerge 0 the
surface, twisting ina glorious expression of eestasy and horror

The Metamorphisists have hia millennia to sacrifice
sictime eo the tapeetry, Now all who remain her are stained
by small i, crapped into etemal worship ofthe
vile Yoruk. The two servitars lead the visitors onward, escort-
ing them toa fleshy gateway crafted inta the shape of a vast
human orifice. The theeshold s guarded by tw socmstrous
sslachia waeriors. Its uncertain where the guardians end and
the walls begin,

"The servitors whisper in a forgotten tongue, then lick the
sottest portions of the selachta' skins to placate them, As the
servitors pass, they dip their fingers tn a communal bowl of
brackish fluid, then drip the congealing liquids onto the

ground, The fleshy tapestry eagerly absorbs its nourishment,
responding tiyarably with delightful bursts o luminescence

Other horrors in the walls groan in perpetual hunger. If blood
ts spilled near them, the tapestry eagerly souks it up — even
baling forth ta do 0 nua of satisfaction,
Thousand of bodies have been woven into the
but the minds rapped within have kat together. T
the moedsof theirennde gestale through the different colo
ow, Anyone using, Auspex can detect hundreds of
ud staring hve samve joy and fear. With a ltcle mo

the thoughts of these slaves can be heard
their minds: "Yorak... Yorak... Yorak..."

yours


Aathe journey into the abyss proceeds, the petitioners ean
ill ear the dull roar of vitae churning in the walls arc
them. The hypnotic sound becomes louder as they proceed,
rosomerhing bestial inside thems. Bld calls to blood.
ne who wishes n> harm the tapestry in soune way nwt
‘overcome this chant of vitae. (The player must rol] Willpower
acadficulty 9.) Noone should nvscene with
the Damned any time woo, though,
hought of % much blood close hy preys on the
'seternal hunger, Ifa Cainite ts close ti ng frenzy
he's in deep trouble cend on the protuberances with
critic aban elf on the hoody vitae, If thi
1 bs occupied for the rest of the
scene. You should only oceasionally refer buck to hier cesta
he'll keep feeding even as she sweats the excess bloga t
her pores and the rippling walle of feet slowly engulf he
Anyone whocan seein thedark ean nocethe expression oer
fice. Iriscontorted intoa rictusof reverence and joy, He
is overshelmed, and has no qualms about proceeding further
As the flood-beat grows louder, the cotene notices ti
enteringa lange chamber. The urtecies in hie wallare <t
oul. Blue and tea cables giral up toward the celling
Suspended from the web af veins and arteries in he mide

£ the cathe, Yocnk awaics, He vevels in olmuene biol

expresinugfissutisfaction ina melangect stavistic shapes. Lone

evolution rejected the thousand forms af Yorak. Portiansof
this buy ate sculpted inco limbs nacure never intended. Grad
onan At0 4 ithropomorphic guise. When the
ranamogrificackan stray comp elerhy man stoops in
the center nf the cathedrals narthex.

York disuws labs attus wide. Dracula obeys. The count

y
Dracula's thtoat. The tip of one «
thing is wrong. A single s Hod fallsta the floor
The flesh of the cathedral cannot resist usexcitement any
farther. The walls ripple tn an excited sh
Biliows fluids weep from every seating the floor with
marsh of viscous liquids. The floor grows unsteady. Anyone
fatlinga Deaderiiy check (dumiculey)stumbesasthe tapeatry
For centuries, Yorak fis boas the thoxsan of beads ofthe
eternal torment. Each time blood bys been
spill, the tapestry has eagerly devoured it: Now, afer countess
ria, che mas of bvies has fommed one vast ogni ane! one
intelligent gestalt. I hus watched belplsly us many pervert
Coiniteshavebeensnicrd,burisavakenung aundsersesdh
the catharis of having acquired such 1 promising moetal, the
CathesalofFlesh decides to exploicthe opportunity or lis worth


VLVANUY CHRONICLES

The entrance to the narthex closes like tightened

ter, Yorak screai lifts his head and hisses tthe crap th
hasbeen sprung. A thy mouthlike lesions ets from his
body, exuding a chamel oder and emitting keeniny erie
rage. He istertfied as he real the Cathedral of Flesh

is poised to strike, channeling its willpewe

the walls of the cathedral, antous
portions of Yoruk's anatomy. Chittering maws of canine teeth
Sever eins enowine h
tubular probose jolently eager cia yuck vitue eagerly

The diablerte of Yornk has begun! Damn it, man, call fo
w! All wt

soled
athedeal's lor

The tapestry vomits again, hurling the coterie down
haji of the cathedral. Any who want to fight the flow of
bile may do so, bu in nice the sphincters of the
(Cathedral continue w open and c els surge, fenean them
‘nto the land abo
ri is spewed frown che uppetmest cham

¢ cathedral. After being ejected through covntl
lors, the vampires an through the airabout
feet, then fall ro the ground. Tike
fanarically. Mere "
for hin, He kne the wo the
cathedral, eyes open. ody froth, He
muttersone word overan

Anyone whonunoutside,crneverentete the cathedel inthe
fare place, seal the fu J, ahey watch as theire
are purged by the massive mestinal nunnel of flesh. They
assnul the cathedral, run screaming, call down lightning bots
anvdama thinethev want. Aswnltincaloarth-yenenstion Tsimice
withasmych bulk asZelios lat castle if. Flesh is weal, buedhe
ccaheral's Fortitude ss incredible.

Once the temor ends, have the Cainites tol
Rétschreck to avoid frenzying into theit first inst
response, Any who can hold on to their reason kin
may rush to attend co the wounded. The entrance to th
temple walled over with chitinous lex, reject
attempts. Yorak hs reach nal Deaths Ne
dral is one unwholesome m, 0 ible, utteth
inhuman vampire. Irhasone mind, one beady, and a thousand
different forms. The diablerie of Yorak is complete


Temporary INsANtry
ay seer as though the insanity brought on by
‘Yoruk'sdiableric maypeewentthe characters from reacting
roperly cothis wenesln ase theprosite tue. Let the
roleplagei in your toupesdesetibe their vamp
exeysine actions. Tempaipity iethiry shall fnbtbit
cf fr ercuragealsutiee ov of nal
tng indalgerces unrestryined Bysmere rason.
PTBeanpires maybe aro Lares their
ves. Encourage their instinctive se of Discpl
snd penwert them into:
can magine. Anyane:
with demmorite Abs
ater faye of sot fled
Amenities o

wants 16 shred the mpestry
be , cedcing ined layer
Pomtburse is % orivnil,
Soil beneath the wile of
esh wath (Barth Meld gerstoexpetience the rest ofthe
scenghrgn bse che s walls
Bedsanyone sear Whlko€ a: The surging
<ontlgmifontRhacy at fog A covers
Powering evetyoneiwith, a sieh@Hirle ehusnel odor
leeity? In al fst, he feng Cail Tey int
noc cells diphag AA thin moan, bes
ind vibrating @BeRUMER NY Ys he cat
Det Eayfbeytnocsthechinceto "
attempt drastic measures — fuse twist it to amuse the
cathedrals vietims instead of killing heir spitts. If
anyone sereams in mock rnd, it's working

‘Once the frenay has subsided, give everyone a chance ro
treathe deeply and towel down. Several of the vampires
present can see only a ted haze before their eyes. This takers
few moments to pass. After everyone has recovered, the next
limpression they receive iy the re that Dracula i noe
here. Don't discourage them from searching frantically for &
body. Then again, don't be too surprised if they walk up to the
entrance of the labyrinth and mourn the Inypaler's death
Once the curiosity in the room is.as thick as Londen fog, tell
the players that someone behind them % chuckling softly,

Crest the hil toward he corerle, Dracula
fnsithouerted against the hmyvest moan. His clothes are dep
Ping with gore and viscera. He leads one of Tiberi's horses

of coun roine. Thenwgh the

o¢ mina, Viod
poste.

more," he statés. "If | decide to join your kind, must

dos on my own terms. But not like this" His next statement

tecomes essential for foreshadowing Act Three He thanks

ated him ie he gripe = pal
characters nay be in
Dracula despe

quest
ely tries co retain his co

thechuracte
the following words: "You haye prot

journey. { am in your debr. I thank you." The coterie may be

somewhat stunned by this. C some of them may not

believe it, but the legendary vampire: Dracula és indebted to

They may need te col debt larer- Dracula

holy beast

sdme ona treacherous

preparing to ride olf ort

res the foolish ones. [Fanyone acts on

any violent hatred for dhe Butcher af Brasovat this point, the

fleshtafted beast of burton defends its rider. Anyone tact
tous Celerityte jump Vlad Tepe ge

Inco the night Anyone. wanein,
farremipt to doso, but the beast
coterie has hail several we

waited until the i

uldn't feel coo ely

sto mess with Vlad. ws if

scene ti do anything foolish,

Nod player' coterie hin alittle tm
a. As Dracula fee

wt and
Carhedeal

DENOUEMENT

There isone more event toi
sion ofthisstory, Anyone:
potential muy feet soniethiru suns
eathedal ue the end of Scene Eig

shadow helore theconcl
nesimilat
surging within the

Thou they aay not

realize itat fine, whatthey'efeclingis the presence of Kupala
le they hn

point out that tmazches the evil they senmed ut the end of this

a chance to experience thissersitiom again liter,
story. By that ime, he csiterie should he ready todo just about
anything drive i fear xateof Transylvania. Uni
then, Kula controls the Cathedral of Flesh, This time, fora
‘wall this, During the
me ofthe characters may decide to ead an astault
ithedkral. As you'd expect, thar's a monumental nak.
athedral becomes aspawning pool for horrid ehings,
the leat of which are Metamorphosis monstrosities. Within
a year, an honor guard of Kupala's demonic spawn (see
Transylvania by Night, of improvise suitable Traits) aceupy
Before the next act bexins, the players hive med 9
description of what cecurs durin the downtinicberween stiies
inthe years that follow; Count Rad does indeed ai Vlad Tepes
cn his eruzade- With the help of Prince Stephen of Moka
Vlad returns to Wallachia, but does nr ule fr ong



Sacelsemn

Dacelderna is the field of Blood the
Vottess field of the gospels which the
chief priest boul born the siloer therjd
paid Judas to betear Onrist. [it isla fiet>
of retribution and vcerigearice.

— PC Doherty, @ Coucnament of
Mhwedecs


This story places the characters at a pivotal moment in
Cainite history, allowing them to participate in —or merely
observe —the events suntounding the Convention of Thorns,
On October 25, 1493, near the village of Thorns, it the
County of Southampton, in southern England, members of
the recently formed Camarilla and the rebellious Cainites of
the Anarch Movement meet together for the parpose of
ore fom this gathering not only establishes the Camasillaas
«firm controller of Cainite society, but also results (event:
ally) tn the formation of the Sabbat as ty prime opponent.
Auklitionally, the Convention of Thome marks a profound

etn the t

e Asamite Clan and creates an
ft between the Camarilla's supporters and thase

hoove to remain outside ie

STORY
BacKGROUND

The Anarch Revoltis:
and porency of their ekler,
nt tochange the

edby the stength,

ainites who dared
ablished order of Cainite society
of payingthe price é

ictorious Cais, ess than 80 years old (young by Cainite
sandardh), to solidifying its power base and
prtting ino actinn ity plans for puotecting Caimites from the
«ithe outeredgevof the conflict. Despite thei official stance
f neutrality, thove independents acknowledge that the end of
the Anarch Revolt signifies a new era forall Cainites,
1th century has transformed the natute of Euro
hhies. Near the end of the 15th century, the numerous
Frincipalities and duchies of Geemuany lie ripe for conquest by
ingot the Netherlunds, while the city tratescfltaly
ryote to resist (tnoatly unsuccessfully) Spanish invaders. fn
and England, powerful monarchs Ihave succeeded in
while to the east, the
sams as one of the strongest political
factions in the work, The various states of Easter Europe
{including Transyiva oaphere of perpetual
the ambitions of both the Ottoman
Church
Those general trends towand conlidation of small states
Langer onc» and the emergence of strong temporal govern=
vals to the authority of the Church mirror the
even of the Convention of Thoms.

Serine
Although the heart of Haceldema rakes place in»

relatively circumscribed area (the towns of Thorns and
Silcheser and the Toreador-controtied abbey that lies

hing a stable power structut

woman Empite

uncercainty, vulnerable'
he ove of the Renabeonecs
te stand poived for a yreat power struggle.

‘TRANSYLVANUA CHRONICLES IL

beeween them), the story actually covers a vast canway of
European geogtuphy. The eatly scenes involve the prepara
tions for, and journey to, England from Transylvania —no
mean feat in the centuries before rapid wansit, Characters
have the option of traveling overland across the face of
Europe, with a short sea voyage across the English Channel;
undertaking a sea jourrrey from Transylvanin to the English
1g onl sea ta bee of wap

Each provides advantages and disadvantages, though all
methods allow the characters a variety of experiences,

Although Storytellers need to have some!
the general setting (15eh-centuty Europe), the most detailed

snes occur in'southern England, Brief deseriptions of the
towns of Silchester, Thoms and the Abbey of the Si
Crown are provided here in order to give Storytellers
of the physical surroundings ofthe story
‘SILCHESTER

The town of Silchester, located approximately 30
miles north of Engh ‘coast, originated ay the
Roman tawn known as Calleva Ateebatum. Baile upon an
even earlier Celtic defensive structure, the town sits ona
slight in (300 feet), providing igh" ground
fom which 49 view the fn dense woudhaiuls tliat san
round t. A series of warcow roads wind throng
to the town, leading co the main thoroughfares chor
tmiverve Silchester, Remnants of the walls that once en:
closed Callesn Atrchacvin sill igus, demureating four
gates at the north, south, east and west sides of the rown,
A central square (once a forum) serves as the principal
marketplace for the residents of the town, Houses and.
shops und the cue square ina haphusard
faghion. The most prominent building in Silchester is ins
church, which [tes at the easternme
Ideally situated in terms of
Silchester bousts a thriving population of
people — mostly peasant farmers and c

Thorns

The hamlet of Thorns liek four miles southwest of
Silchester. Like its sister city, Thoms stands upon the
tuins of an earlier Roman settler
‘outpost once linked with nearby Calleva Atrel
over 300 inhabitants. The cown's an
proliferation of thorn bushes that
Villagers harvest the thorns, which range in sie from
slender ones suitable for use as needles, to larger, thicker
thorns capable of serving as utensils and tools. Scripped of
theit natural weaponty, the supple branches of
bushes make excellent material
mate. Thus, despite its small size and its proximity to
Silchester, Thorns has managed co prosper without be
coming assimilated into its larger neighbor.

‘ouuwatd fre

tend of the town.

ts tn ths case, an

horn
1 woven baskets and


TING THE STORY

to Blood or the events of

the Storitellershould adape che

cr dla tn particulay

aye may nee acdfugte
doraphic kacation of the chia
i of the story


Hct Ul: OF CanntrE
BONDAGE (1493)

Sc NE ONE: A CHoseN Few

cover a century, war between elders and thetr rebellious
Pa daa arose ope. Although
much of the bloodshed a ammage has taken place under cover
‘of peasant uprisings and petty wars, enough rampant violence has
J to dm the attention of the Inquisition, Alrealy art
for evidence of witchcraft heresy and diabois, the nuh it
‘become sensitive to the ibelity chat supecr al forces are at
shed hierarchy of comporal power.
atofexpenuteln finaly brought Cainites from both
tides of the Anarch Revolt to the bangaming table. After months:
ofdeliate decusirs becwrenembearies representing the warring
parties, the leadersot the Camarilly and the anarchs have agreed to
a. cewation of hostilities. For th archs, this is tantamount to an
acknowledgment of their detent, For the Camantla, the fact that
the an ‘ededtheneed forpatley mean
lies within their reach, Those Cain
resin prt trv the be
Revolt gn

nlohavees dn victory
who have managed to
iesknow that theend ofthe Arutch
‘new eta tor Caine's children.
sscené begins in the early months of 1492, whan the
characters lear of the proposed Convention ti be held neat
the village of Thorns
the Storyellerhasaplaniblewayeébringngallthecharaceens
together, Arawole ne! Lucia send wordottheieimminentun val via
mesenger and reach de charscten'lonkge the next evening. In this
«ave,the Storyteller should nae or paraphrase Anatole'sand Lucia
tothe chuamcters they arenor together, cach eceivesaletee
wn Lacita delivered via mesenger to, whatever abode he oc she
habits In that ese skip the diokogue and wve the phyerscoptesof
he lester (nor the short note) giver below

Gartueren T THER
Ihe characters are together:
Aathecharicterstalkot inter

ther, note iv hand. Ke reads:
hope this missive firs you well
Anatole and | once again find ourselves raveling the lands

nearby, Teas our Intention 20 join you at your current lca,
tomorrow eve. We tring news! Should ou not wish to sees
send word ey our messenger, else we shallcome wo yon some
afer moonrise tomorrow tight
ita

t.amiessengerappeoaches

‘The characters have an evening ro speculate concerning
ws. They might aks catch wpon things if

‘not agen one another én some time.
Thenestever
Anatole and Luci

some three orfour hours pase moonelse
sive, Anatole seemseven more distracted

an sun, stroking his clothing and whisperin

TRANSVLVANEI CHRONICLES IL

Mood between and among us all!" they previously parson
good ters, Lucita akdreses the characters warmly: the
[rating was less than cordial, she apologies for the misundet
stonaditygnd sayssbe hopes fora nev rapport tocome tome
sit. (Lucita a currently staunch suppercer of the Carnal
and will suppres her own desires to some extent to encourage
Cainites to attend a convocation she considers vitally mpg
tant co the fone of Caine' ehilren.)
Sherellsthecharacters, WWeeame tospeakto youcoreete
‘nga grove meeting of Cainitestobeheld in England. knowin
will feel thar since this ts so faraway it ha mo mean to You,
tharyou would be wramg. The troubles caused by the anoecsand
the andiibw are almest over! A convocation of Cainitesellng
lla sec to end this destructive civil wu stmong
‘our kind. This convention is the key to doing so. We ate
threatened by so many outside forces — the Inquisition acd
mortal superstition. the tides ofwar that sweep over us from tite

to time — the Camarilia sees the need to

ninate the threat

"Surely, you have experienced sme
wrought by this

the destructiog
pong ourselves? Many nights have
nw your tub conet
archs and elders. You might suppoet the a oa
selves: Whether you tiow be prince or antinb, your Vokes ate
needed at the convention. Everything we do, everything we
becom will be eolaced by the decisions
Fenow tt ie a lon anal anda
Journey, bit as yo can see, Anatole and I ravel requ trom
west ro éast and into the nowtiern lands as well. We have
survived: Iris wot so difficule Say that you will aren."

feos this moment 0
made ar this convocation.

Should thechamcteesagree, she can tell them other details
"Thave come to you now so that you may make ndequte
preparation for the journey. The convention wall be held isthe
thind week of October in 1493, Near Silchescet, England, hoy
the hunlet of Thoms, which boasts « monastery called the
Abbey of the Sacred Crown, Its abbot isa Toreador and
promised us secure havensduring the day and privacy by nigh

At this point, Anatole internapes; his voice suddenty
sv0%89 in yolumne beyond his earkier incoherent rumbling:

Lot The Dragon returns, weeathed ii Hoel, an after him,
a raging torrent of flames and destruction follow. The exh
cannotholdbim,nor the fiesof the sunicontain isfy. Disks
claims all wlus challange the Rago' wil Fs tha stern
mountains his anger ries, tide of woe drowns the faithful of
Byzantiurn as the raviges of war bring the old eycle to an endl

"Too much camage! Beware the fill of blocs, Lec the
young bow down before the old lest the Dragon consune them
all in divateay!*

Lucita looks diitinctly uncomfortable throughout his
tirade. When he has finshed, As e that he
has spoken aloud. If questioned, he reimeuibts cuthing of
what he said, not can he speculate on hisstatements' meaning
(except with a vague Malkavian nan sequtue)


Liki seizes the initiative asin tounge the ehamacers to
tend the Convention of Thoms, She is persuasive is she can
be-Once the charactershave agreed to gn orkave stared ubsoltely
thot they don't wish to acted, Lucta and Anatole tam to ther
topies—the Turks tumor they have beard another yossip. After
anigits visit anda ay's aver fom un they take thee
explaining thar they have other Caines to call ype.

SEPARATE MESSAGES

{i chechaacters are nt cogether, cach receives copy af
the following leter

Salutations, Old Compandon;

We have noe spoken in some wile, ut U hope chat yo will
omember both Anatole cn me. I write to you tonught to ege your
stueulince atu gre exmwction that rrever change
our kinds exitence, ¥ "yf the many disrapions
and dangers pase by the fighting berwcen the anarchs
Surely, you have seen evidence of this m your oun lands. Perkaps
you evn support the amarch case
over, bmucver| A contwxation of Caines calling ie) the Comal
sede ene this destructive cl wer among one. This comers
tate bey tod thyeatened by wo mary enc forces —
the lnguwaiman muntal upersition, the tidesof war dat wee over
ta fram et me — the Camara sees the nee eliminate the

voc sed Py rternacme

be prince or azuitrbu, your wees are

we da, everythin

nomen on wil be coord bythe deciions made

{ono ies along ad arcs journey, tut

Arai and | travel frequents frovn West to East and into the

nother antes wll We have survive. fis mo adieu. Say
thar you wall zen et your thoughts be heard

The mectng st be heli inthe hid week of Octaber in 1493
Near Sitchester, England, les the hamlet of Thams, which boases
semomastery called the Abe of the Sacted Cronan. Its abbot is
‘Torna andthe ha luring che day ard
Irvacy by night. Altigh the journey wil cake many momchs, 1
bebeve-you shal fond worth avg @ voice in the governance of

Shou you choose to come, Have feud of use travel
the cpa of others so that we are mutuatty protected. Anatle
lenotaluarys the most comfurtale with raveliny compen, yet
he has newer failed me imu bine

Lowa

Pont Seva. — Anauoke Rs tle wo wa you of the nse of
the dag from the casters moss. e wal he followed by a yan
of ol and desmction, so he claims, He wens you ta beware the
fil of ood ame ry thatthe young must bow to the elders. As our
apo i w Fring am ena to ts confi, perhat this bas wel for
Jo. Ad tothe chagem — I confes am unable wo dscem his meaning
Perhaps hs sus ld iseccies for you of which Icom cacae

Motivations

them to attend the eGawocition, some charncter
may feel that toy itive nareat réteon to so noe any
say in how things thriyowr. The Stinpteller may wish
to srecten the por by any dfthe flliweing methods
that seein vor mike yense't.g. ft unthkely— though
not impossible chit a ptthoe would receive a
summons to <lefend Iie site feaninus-bur quite
within reason for-him tobe askex! tormtrend as 9
representative of hi clan). Common serie should
dictate whch mnight-bé tsefily

# Theschatactey, faceived fammoas (or an
invitation) to attend Bie meeting 9 rcpreventatives
from eansyivaiéa (se whateyet texion, they. Gur
centlyinbsbit).

* Charastersiihsippdet the dein oe whore
attained some status withiir the edging Covwanlla
may participare ip the Canrentii a argoc the sle
rmands ol she Wet elds

*# Anarch charpceessinay belisked fy thigir peers to
attend in supper of thicAmageh, Movernient,-earin
instructions (0 ei w fal abvemype ta gry the best
terms posible for thete ehellious csttades when they
surrender to the will of he Cagnailia,

* Some anarchs may anticinwte that the Victor
will insive on. their surremler, those whio attend the
Convention with no-fngenting af adkpiting tral de
feat may bold ogbs0ine fepe for rallying lst-miruate
support for their caves PTMESE leehard jesarohs will
form the ete o( the Sabbat, which cenges as adisnince

vention yf Thome

ich frien hight nox eve be
dl withdut the chatacters Useve $d 0,

‘fakin meeting tor alt 5
they diiscek rigend dbseriien and, perhipsodclegates:
to the Convention, Arctonging to aty of
these clans ay sted As obey ox AaBbE tele

* Some attendees may dimiply Betroe tadepen
dents whee yn curiosity {0 hac oF thelr elders)
Aris ett staal no THe wrt eg een

# In such an isopttanttieetie, ete chars
ters ally rhe bo ‘hyn attained high stanus
within Cainitésserety ay atteniebags
arbitors, with the sexpopatbilg of besten:
recommending judges si! enforeinge decile

# In adit ceheepresenving either the elders.or

retiyy ph tepresent thetr par

HACELDEMA



lythe northern ones

rougher and mote 5 stornisand ice floes:
sailing ako limits the character blood supply unless they
navel wich a sizable herd or make frequent stops. Overland
ave, while providing more oppertunities for feeding,
makes iceasier for those who might ine charac
crn. Anyway you look at it; however, the
{is both fon and hurd

nttoh:
After te chatacters have nude their preparations for the
amey to Thorns and have decided on their route and
m cravel, the Storytellershould proceed toSeeneTwo
opt for an overland journey). I
formu, the Storyteller may use appropriate parts ofboth Scenes
Two und Three

A Nove To STORYTELLERS
Players who scem reluctant to involve their characters in

this scenario may need mare incentive than usual. Personal
teaquests fom allies or sires, demands to repay a boon through
aaterudmghe convention, crbints that their standing in heir
hans might he enhanced should they attend are only a few of
the waysof gaining their enoperation. Blackmail (thre
I certain skeletons inthe closet), promises of jay
fr rewand of some kind, even flarrery ("We must have you
there; your political acumen sFeyendary.") might be used to
draw teluctint characters into the story. [fall else fails, take
the members of the troupe wh are willing sind dismiss the
‘others from play for the time i takes to run the seeriatia, Do
not eel that you muat give equal time or experience points to

ose who refuse to attend; they have simply lost out oma
chance Co play and gain experience. Maybe next cime they'lL
Feel more like cooperating — even if it does move their
characters out offamibin surrounclings and expose them rothe
hangers of fo in the 15th century,

Sex

icters combine the cwo

DING THE JOURNEY
thing loses
and nights of tedious travel. In onder to avoid boredom, the

ayer's interest mee quiekly than nights

Storyteller should compress time by using snapshoc vignettes
togive the impression of an eventful journey without running
the rk of "over packing" the travel phase of the story. In
addition, a few descriptions of notable places and landmarks
can add ¢o the illusion of longeliatance travel. Teavel books
that teature the areas characters will be traveling through are
‘evaluable —especially if they inelude pictures of the terrain
orcoast. A quick read-through can cella Storyteller what wats
intho area during the time period (usually castes; okd Roman,
ruins and such}, Obvioaaly, modern buildings, highways and
such will not be present during the time in question, but event
single picture or the deseript
byacastle ca

n of wsmall village overseen
tnake the journey seem more vibrant,

may ali wane ro throw in a few posable
evens with the potential forcombatorchallenging roleplaying,
Ifthe characters choose to travel in the company of mortals

who do of the existerice of Cainite, on
(gnormnt humans might yer curious about the noct
of his fellow travelers. Someone may inadvertently chance
upon a character in the act of feeds

ight take offense at an imagined (or
challenge 4 character to a duel. Shipboard or «
rmances and intrigues might draw the cb:

& these
al habia

texiticnal) slight

by

routine of travel. Several sinall territorial waus plague E

ac this ine and might en

plans: Fven feude herweon harone might cause probl

groups movingfromoue area tounother. ("Spies tnile

we shoor them first jon the survivors?" Feel free te
make unlife interesting for the travelers, just not so interesting
they forger about

ScENE Two:
Tipes oF FORTUNE

Twomajoe seu routes exist ac the endof the 15th cent
the Hanseatic (northern) and Venetian (wuthern) er
routes, Ifthe characters elect to travel by se

tone oF the other of th
Europe to England
disadvantages, and the Storyteller should either leave it up to
the characters to chome which route they p
arrange martets 0 that only one route is practical

The Hansearic Trape Roure

The traders of the Hansearic League (lvased in the Netlh-
erlands) control most of the sea traffic along che north
const of Europe. Theit cooperation with the Venetian ie
chants of Southern Europe ensuites a steady flow of rare spices,
precious silks, wine and fruits fe 1 Europe in ex
change forthe rich stores of metals, farsand textiles prevalent
sn France, Germany and Eastern

they rmust take
e routes in order €o get from Esetern,
ach possesses its own advantages and

fur or che

Totake advantage of the norhers in
fist travel overland to Danzig of one of the uther po
Baltic coast. Such n journey takes at feast  ounth
more). From Danzig, the journey to England takes the charne
cersalong the northem coast of Europe with persihle stops at
Seratiund, Wismae, Rostock, Oslo, Hamburg, Kanpen sind
Bruges before ving on the English coast at
up the Thames to London. ‘The
frequency of such stops depends on whether of net the chs
‘on a commercial ship that needs to visit
ports to load and unfood their eango of trade woods. It
the characters have managed to charter a ship) from the
Hanseatic League for thetr wle use, they may be able to get
With fewer stops (althou
frequently in onder to feed)
‘Characters should be awaie of the problems with taking
the northern route, pa
year. In cold weather, the northern seas are

hey may need te put into port

seceptible toyreat

HACELDEMA


tee xtorms nd rough waters hot to mention icebergs and floes
that can lock passage of ships for monchs at a time. The best
he lace spriy and
cearly fall. Acbest, the total jaurney from Eastern Europe tothe
to London (by sea)

time to uye this route is dr
Baltic Coust (overland) ang! ftom the
Ihould take 60 to 90 days.

Tre Venenian Trape Roare
Alternatively, characters may opt
ride routes used by the
characters m

invtantinopte at else make
the whole of

rm Europe (and neross the mouneains) to
mice itself, Storytellers may assume that this fara! route
takesahourt four weeks, with allowances for delays making up
popte and the longer one to Venice.

A ship front Constantinople traverses the entire eosst
ranwan Europe, putting into porr along the
ce hefore crossing the narrow warers that lead
#. Some ships sail up the eastem evast of

Venice before vetraciny their

aly eo
along Italy's western free tow nce, making
traces the Spanish coastline, with stoqts at Barcelana and
Valencin before gh the Steaits of Gibraltar and
stretch involves journey up the

the relative

leavis le, of Abe

Mediretrimean forthe unprediceability of the A lancic Ocean.

ms Ei

The journey en nd's southern coast at
Southampton,

‘While thtstouce doesnot suffer trom the exttemeseverity

ommon to the northetn sea, the watery of the

Meditecranean can sometimes become turbulent. The passage

between Spain and Attica ficule legof the

18 Moots cast out of Spaitt seek pirite's vengeance

cans. The final phase ofthe voyage, skirting the

wt of Spain and France, can prove every bit as

petilousincokler months mey. The length

of the joumey saries with thie number it staps made, but, iy

seneral, Storytell we that the characters will

sper ay clveight weeksat sea in addition tothe four
week land portion of their journey.

Frepine
The main problem foe @

who tnavel by ship lies in
the difficuley of obtaining Mood on. a regular basis. Unless
character bring long a stable retinue of mortals from whom.
they can feed, they must tely cither om the ship's erew (which,

could prove disastrous) oF on frequent stops along th

Feeding while in port should present 1 acters with lt

difficulty, f the choracters resort to preyiry pars members of
the crew, their actions will likely expose their true
sailors may lack sophtsticanon, but they ate not stupid

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES IL

‘OF couse, th the event tharthee

passengers are vntnpites, there ts litle they ean sky protect
themselves while the characters are awake. When the varnpites
reture at daven, however... Alternative they teach ps
survivors may tere the authorities ¢ the Inui
—if they are able to dy po, Aside fry these cumsicertions it
simply docon't make sense for charactersta deutn their own crew
ome crew member, the Storyteller might have sever:

ship at the next port, fli lixty on boa,
Delays and the trouble of replacing last crewmen shoul serve
to convines charactors it n't wive to dine oo Koon

ve mysterious

‘Once the characters haye reached the channel between
France and England, the Storyteller shoukd proceed with

SCENE THREE:
OVERLAND TRAVELS

‘Charactery may decide to travel overland foe the entre
journey (excep forthe necessary she trip actos che Er

{route wich regardto

Krakow and, from ther,

Alo of Furope (ahve the Alp) uni

they reich the northern coast of France. This tip takes

approximately cig
While thw eumulseive time appear short

journeviny across the

an a 96a
world smust talee into account
the political tenor of the various regions through which they
journey. In addition, the weather (particularly when passing
through mountainous regions) m
fmpossible during come parts of the year. Characters traveling
fm a caravan of a8 a small party are also vulne racks
frombandits, rival Cainites and the temible Lupinesof Europe's
celdritch forest lev she

evensfilly or sud an

rake land travel nearly

corytellers, pans
ycounter that au

Scene Four:
Matters oF IMport

This scene encompasses sever

Your troupe's rates

smaller scene
comprises the yarious meetings ad discussions that result in
the agreement known as the Teeaty of the Convention
Thorns, The format of the i of
councils attended by the delegates, followed by periods of
discussion in which attendees engage in lobbying forthe
views. Storytellers should feel free w alter the «
tneetings (pets simply summarising me of the les
tant ones) ifplayersseem restless ar the prospect of
tall, not enough action." On the other hand, ifthe troupe
enjoys roleplaying the contiet of ideas that eventually results
Inthe peace treaty, the Storyteller should allow the plays
indulge themselves. After all, this gathering i a Landmark in
Cainite history, ans the characters have a rare oppetunityt0
help shape thelr own destiny




Sinmuel ia tall, gaunt man who appears to he i his
40. His pallor accentuates the ascetic features of his face —
thin lips, piercing blick eyes and high cheekbones. His dark
hae iy styled in che monk's tonsute, He wears dark-brown
robes secured by a braided rope hele. Despite his debberately
‘undentated appearance, Simuel's fine bones and aristocratic
bearity give him a handsome, almost regal look. While his
borhing suits a monk, its made of fine materials anu his rope
beieiv nctmally made of wisted strands of fine linen,

RUNNING THE CONVENTION OF THORNS,

The Convention of Thoms takes place over six ev
frees Cctober 18 (when the gathering is called to oned
Cetober 23 (when dhe articles of peace are proclaimed to the
‘phering). The following cutline should help in organizing the
syenttof the convention. Storyteller should feel fee to exercise
the npshor technixpie to avo too much repetition ho troupes
thar do pot wish to roleplay every debate atthe convention.

* October 18: First Meeting — Pleanor de Valois (the
tnodemitoe chosen for the convention) explains the istics to
the asserabled delegates, The Founders are introduced by
nine and clan. The predominant articude of most of those

owe probing of the enemy position while
gthat violence is barely
restrained and the nell of suspicion and the barest hint of
permeates the meeting. Afterward, the attendees break
ler groups to discuss whar they have heard, As
wap relaxes ifs srance somewhat, the individual n
ters become more willing to speak with strangers

The First Mr

The Con
evening of October 18, inthe courtyard af the abbey (hich
sthe only space large enough — aside from the eburch — to
Jecammodate all the delegates, theie retainers and interested
skuervers). All sever of the Pounders ate present as well a5
Myea Vykosond other lewlerse the Anurch Movement. This
is peshaps the single largest gathering of Cainites wo date
comprising at least 50 individuals representative of all the
slant, factions and geographical regions.

Once all the delegates have gathered together (with the
Camarilla supporters arranged on one side of the courtyat
snd the anarchs on the other), a slender younyg woman steps

herself as Eleanor de Valons of Clan Brujah, she

declares the formal opening of the Convention of Thorns anid
ftlinesthe three isuesthat face the delegates. naclear voice
thos comand the attention off she deliver:
‘he following sttemene of the aimsof the convention, Story:

the text as iven or adapt it as necessary.

decision we face reygnds the return to the fold
vesimatchs. How

should this be accomplished in a peaceful ishion' Shall the
feliefs thar led co this stare of war between generations be

TING

1 of Thorny officially hens the night
arrive, The first mectingeakes place on the

all who hes

cod to proliferate, and iso, how ean this happen without
a return to bloodshed? Should Blood Oaths be reiuired of
those who recant their ebellion and, #30, who should hold
those caths) What guarantees shall the Camilla accept t
sure the future behavior of these formerly in rebellion,
"There can be only ane authority among Caines, anid
that authority isthe Camacilla, Your presence he

testifies ra
vous aequiewenee Mar baci
anaxlible from che nnaech delegit

fthem have actu

seedings.)

ly come to express their disapproval
"Should a general amnesty be granted vo those whos
actions led others vstray, of should the leaders surtender
themselves to the judgment of the Camarilla's Founder
their Archons?
"The actions of Clan Assamite require stern menue 4
She roads in the direcricnof the four Assumitedelepites
whe stand apart from the main grouping.) "The com
dlablerie practiced by their me: wt stop. Re
‘Camarilla haw discovered the location of th
Alamut, an action that hax convinced Clan Assn
in negotianons as to theie status within C
hould Clan Assamite rem:
Cammarilla and refuse to subject themeelve falicy
doremiain apor, how may we ensure that thet prctices pose ne
future threat tous? We must seek seme sanction or conerol over
the Assamites if ehey do not join with the Camantla
"Pinay the Foundersof te Camauils,"she inicates she
seven individuals led by Hardestadr, "have been acting ae
Justicars foe the Camarila and
their Archon, Shall thissystem of govermance c
the currene holders of that office remain in thetr posiiona! H
‘ot, who will be the new Justicars? How will we select future
Juoticars and whar will he their duties and respensibilte
Will weappolntacounell tsoversce the Just
highest authority of the Camarilla?
"Bor che next four nights, we shall hear arguments om all
sides of these issues. Your voces ane welcome in pe
discussion. We shall convene every evening for a formal
accounting of the previ sions, Afterward, ou
may talk among yourselves and attempt tc
By thistime, five nights hence, on the 23rd night of October,
of the issues presented, Thank you for ys
When she has finished spe
the daisand retumsto her place in the of the Founders
The gachering becaks up intosnaller groups:as Caintescons both
sides of the conflict artempe to find allies for rheie viewpoints
tnd begin the process of ennvassing the other attendees
* October 19: Second Meeting — The results of the
previous night's discussions ace sumiminzed for the assembly
Myca Vykos makesan impussianed speech in favorof the goals ol
theanarchs: "Foe toolong have we suffered the yoke«t theekles

HACELDEMA

ity, the
bok! of

n independent of tive

justices serve as th

ach n consensus

attendance."

cance de Valots leaves


sutbated fuleship. Weare
nur elders wed yinished when we step cutie the bounds they
consider proper, We ate thinking beings, powerful being ut if
wwe are nor accorded what we deserve, we will ke it by force."
Handestad counters with an insistence on the necessity
for discipline within the clans and demands-a retum to the
{ienitchy of rile by age and generations "Let pups like Vjkos
Yelh and posture. [isang and wisdous that deserve to ule. He
fironly to bow down before us, be ur forgiveness for darn.
(e question his betters and receive a good whipping for his
smpertinence! Weeate here because we have already crushed
arch' insignificant movement, They have sued for
peace for they cannot stand against us. There will be punish
‘ment, for the anarchy have acted like unruly and destructive
<hdren. Stil, hey re our childer and we shall fongive them
bur only when they agree to proper restitution and to cease

their rebellion!"
He goes on voriterously about his disiain for morals
"Some here have argued that we are met together because we
the mortals may do to us with their Inquisition and

for one, shall noct Why should we better the lives

Do they not he

othiny but ashes.and ypite and

nif we al be

* October 20: Third Mecting
prow

‘mortals
nd me and strike at meat every tam! Lowe
Jd not stop to help,
ne safer for

Aftera summary of the
eal Fain a dalegate from the
» for his clin. A heated discussion follows,
during which Mistress Fanchon and the other Treiiere, in

1 night speogroes, Hus
Assarnites, spe

rnicula, call or strong measures to prevent the continued
pucrice of diablerie. Myea Vykiw aid wome of hia anarch
ccampanions greet her words with derisive comments in ob-
lique telerence to Tremere's diablene of Suwloe and the
Giovanoy ascension within the Cappodocian clan.
seo, the unarch leader Tyler
niche assembled delegation inadesperate attempt on
Handestadt's unlife. The gathered anatchs rally and issue a
collective, impissionedery, aipporting Tyler's gesture with all
the fervor they dew from her attack on him a centur
However, this asoult fails, She cores at him from the fa
throwing hack the howd uf her claak and brandishing a pas
pistols ay Handestade dis

4s

an your soul sucked down to Hell, Hardestadt!
Arid this time, stay deal" Tyler thrusts bath guts clone 1s bis
theart and fires them, Two loud ericks of
‘each haugonne flashes. Hardestade

While the battle of we

pal issue forth as
back and falls

ner she impact of 1 pistol balls entering his chest from a
fot away: Smoke boils upward. Ac fest, Tyler (+ overjoyed,

rary has killed her enemy. The
racters may take actions, but Tyler

believing that this new ws
Carnatilla aesotnbly
a. The
elude th

manage

Aitera moment, Hardestade
chest, While hurt, he tsobviouss

Tyler curses and flees the hall. A few delogares start to ge
chase only to find themselves
blocked from follow
tersmashtaspeak with

long with the clvaracten)
sna. Ifthe eh

to do so dough one of the anarchs accompanying Myca
Vekos. Unfortunately for Patricia, handgaenes sre si new to
Cainites thar she hud no idea they would have so rele effect
cis Hartessad; they're very

* October 21: Fourth Meeting —A se
‘opens this githering. The ancient Mallaw
fireooperation and wars of disaster should this initiate all
"Horesee a od and fice tha consurnée wall fwe do
noe unite. My clan, the Ch of Matharyy shall pers
utterly if we de nice with those wha ses

struction. We must qvercerne
ig hatred for those different from
selves and accept our chikler back into out hearts, lest we
destroy them and destroy oniselves by our unthinksiyg cruelty
younger beethiten.

‘An open forum prowies the characters with
sity tozmake their statements
(Ohaside tis chanes
the convention munt petition for the righe to do so snl be
added to the roster of speakers. Players his make that efor
but who fail 10 organize their thoughts into coherent and
someshut brisf arguniente should be shouted down by ipa
tient deleyatesorasked tosurrenderthe floor to other speakers)

Riel de Corazon shares his vition f the nnportunce of the
Masqueriie and the necessity of the Cantarilla, At fist, he i
ridieuled and o step ders Uh ington
argumentsgain converts, however, andthe Maxqucrace adopt
"The Fith Tradition commandsuss: Thousbolt nos reveal thy tae
aur to those not ofthe blood. Thon shalt ne reveal thy te

one of th bead! Do
it! Youelder, whoseck
ndoning our sictes tra
momma seck to slay us, reviling us for our excesses! You ute w)
blame 2s well We ate 10 blame. We have kot our
claim of Hood by liviny so conspcualy among mortals Living
‘openly among mertals has been our ruin! We vielated the spirit
‘of the Fifth Tradition, and we psy forit in blond!
suuany of us have festa chukde or an tly mo the fees af
the loquisition? How many have had ro flee, leaving behind
everything we valuod? Mortals are roo ruterous and 100 jealous
‘of our power: They will try to destroy us a lng as they know of
vo, We musthide from their envious eyes, From this ume forward,
swe must no longer live openly but remain hike, pretending
‘be no more than mornls when we mus interact with them, We
must adopt a Maskuerde, pretend thar we are not vampire
ver were such cre

opportu:
the entire grou

fault cha

This isthe enly way we will survive the Inquisition' incursion
We inust disappear if we are to remain in existence."



be presented vin

anal


+ Jean-Mace asks if uny of the churacters feel the
reed to confes: their sins, "E believe Gal has not totally
abandoned uy and that cere ts still sume hope of ultimate
tedemption. | Ihave found amy faiths
srrorythened hon, Fsonght power
and influes I's will, for there
Araoother reassn [ can divine for my continued existence

of Father

and heat

ain pesty an
ony Embrace. Bef
now I seck merely to de

Hany ofthe characters ws
Jeat-Matc's offer, he can ta

‘por press them on che matter,
characters come from Templar backgrounds,

Crinive belongs to that now extinet order of milita

Tue Price oF Honor

A dack skinned Cainite approaches the charseters af

ter the meet tober 20th and incroduces hinsell is

Houyn, mber of the Asumite Claa. If charac
va with him (soe Transylvania
es into account the circum
met. It he and the char

et, he nddee

1s potential yympathizers, Orherwise, he

monks.

furted as friends cr under terms of re
them ainscably

ith warinessand peefaceshiespeech
in eguest thar the char

Hivtening to him,

Asking fora minute of theie time, he curl
poition with reganl ro the "Assamito question."

ters preserve smn open mind in
+ his clan's

This talk of the behavior cf my clan sutters trom gross
fexggcration. We bit carty outa necewary service fot those of
cour kind whir do not wish co seul their hands wath €
blood. Our traditions are both ancient and honorable, and we
overs ourselves with lander ti prevent
spurs and unauthorized killings, We do eor wish to sunt
oan authority we neither recognize net comprehend. Can
you Name us forexacting payment in blood for the services we
Jesfonn? Weeursider auch a price appropruate to the risks se
fake ns well aso mes of paving respect to the estence of
sweety adversary

‘Our position is; however, precarious The survival of
‘oor clan depends on our
J by this ia

ogain the most favorable decision possible. Woukd
laced under the rule of those who might order
tntoverve their own purposes! Or ot bepreferabe
for us to conduct our own affairs unattected by the politics
and concems of the Camarilla! There
‘hen you may need the services 0
1 content with the susp
she hold power over us

llingness ce accept the terms
wring. 1 ask your assistance

ou hav

narilla. We wins, iw
truly desire to have an array of holy
J o€ you ink. or. yy
¥y before you voice your opinions

*Veda nor opprne your
temain oorside rt. Do
consider

li " he Assumire cau
Hosayn toexplain hip clan's postion, emphasing
the regulations thar govern accepting contracts for asso
tion anal the absolute discipline ofthe clan members. He docs
rior reveal ony of the clan'
fellow Assamite

ecrets to anyone other than a

Heforehefinisheshtsspecch, however, asecond Assamite
Joins Huwsaye ond aukle his ypinion Kang as a
delegate. White be in an ottempr to make
other Cainut wre 10 Blame for

Assimites'artacks upon ost truly belt

the disci i
that they
his words will even be les Cane any
agree with his pot of view
eruption, honored delat, har Feld
Jr weak phases voiced by ny clanmnate without
ig yc
Ute

hoccatiewv tobi pil pl
his; [ have come be
tend to accepe the eulings of thy

se uncleestan

ing of infidels as
binding," He pauses and surveys the characters a if marking
thei faces foefucure recall." My name ts Kanal Numair have
served iny clan faithfully for seven centuries id do nue intend
tosee the walls of our holy fortress crumble weer thie weight of
foreign de Fewasnorswewhs
Euopeans whe came wr pee
the naune of your God, We bur respeand to tha offer

youdonoewishitobeeomethe:

iret hogan the fight, but you
vou lands lap

xtvictimset our leaders?
shameless dosire for unlimited power ove all Caieiges you will
support our insisrence on complet
conshictour alain. You will deemarid hut the Canario withalrae
theirforcesfromourlandsand s-eknoc te meddle inour traditions
‘orcastoms. There can benocompecmiie herween yourruler tid

im" He hing
to the other two Asoumite dele

Husayn a
out firebrand

Js the dangers it faces in de

he says: "Let a hope that your (
shelly

reed
ingof October 21,4

although he app

ak
iF macking of hs true appearance through the Obfiscte
Discinlune
He may approach them because
during the meeting oc hecause he overheard them talking
Dtuscated. He may stnply be

n where they come

thing they eaid

amongthemslveswhilehe
‘cunious who they

The Ninfe cahices hinelf is Federion, Chyarveter
tmsay note that he appears te he one of the Archon eravelinye
with the Founders they ask. he claiis Jonef won Ba hee
Jarman. While Federico does weve the Rounders he bas mind
cof his own und f tof hesitant about expressing his opinions
Although he a¢t as an ag forthe Favinakers, he

HACELDEMA

YES)

alsouunderstande the any
clders He anempe

they are supporter

of theanatchsat the exeenses of their
wssess the characters' positions' and, if
ofthe Caer
no rach peer i

ype

speeches, don't they! [have
ult wa poetical about hisachlevementsand we

al just heard de Cor: c brilliance of hia Mass
soldier — 4
in fet. 1 under for onder and
method even in our yordid existence. But geal skiers also
brut do tot Iinlly abject myself to ts whims, Test every.
thing b standards before you accept anything
Listen ta the anvarchs an well. They have a point to make. We
wr th loyalyy of cur childer ana we thi

nv our petty schemes. We cannat prey he

cvsrtabs withowr iminishiny: Whar islet of out hum
Founders have mae a start, bur do no expect the

the entiee burden of remponsibilty. That way le
I the charnerers are anarchs, he seeks to assuage theit

sganicatioy at all. Liv my more
metcenary

think for chemuelve
ansit ad pen
uly upon

ity. The

Lavery,

tience and subtlety in their action

{lid norask forthe gift of immortality; i¢wasforced upon
we wo exeate u diversion 90 thr my viee cal survive. L hove
never forgiven her for thar, but have conte to termes with my
vellih fate, Donor permicyourvelverroact i
made your point by demonstrating your refs
yur elders. They hve called this meesing our of respect for
your poution. They may posture and msist thot they have
won bur your i he tre victory: Never again will they
Jisregard their progeny, thanks to your struggle for recess
ot. Uf che vetmiy ame hush, remember thar they are w measore
your strength —m

ager: You have
o cowerhefore

vans weakness
"These are many says to voce your oppoaiion covsider

wes fi forthey will sain you in good stead inthe
as to come. | have heard rumors thar some anarce
demonsteition oftheir contenpt. would advise you
say well away ror uct ablacant hid Trcananly

an| for. LX» not give ist to your baser impulses, Fane is

a monsters, but we need not submit willingly ter
ames. Then again, whirate | thy unt

st ne? Pho aia

ot must «ko Just bear in mind that your own leaders are as
‘hungry tor power asany of the Founders. Ask yourselves who

really jeofits in any precipitous action you

ConTHINED REBELLION

A sictliade on October 19th,

neters — particularly tfany ace female

cori they have tnade any statements in support of the ararchs.

know their renenon to Myca Vykos! speech
ot te

sm sceks out hnecha

ticularly inellygen

"
with hike mindedtorseholarly individual. While she t totally

TRUAINSVLVANIA CHRONICL

Joyal co Federico, Gilbert and Jean-Mare, she sometimes yeaa
for secular companions who are abv versed tn philesphy and
Jeumning. She introducesherselfayLilika and saynthatsheserves
usan Archon for Adana de Slersa

They tell me I belong ta clan of philsnophers, but lase
an unfortunate trend toward bestal violence surfacing among
roy clanmates, My sycapathies lie with thine who deste
Bat feannot cous

"Uh to sth nities m my mortal days rom
those who did nor believe thot a woman could be educate,
sundyo lunderstand thea
their sires do not grant them the respect they deserve. Even
before my Embrace | sought that respect, snd fought fort
when nvely Embraced as vigorously asthe anvarchs nin do.
Igve been known to rebel merely for the sake of proving Thad
the right sodisngsee with my elders, Sill,
6 prudence

"Lhave read the works of the Greek and Roman ph
phersaswellasthe writingvef theologiansarud mathematica
All wise thinkers counsel maeration atid self-contiol over
sheer aell-indulgence and extremes of behaving. [wee neither
of these vires arising from anarchy. 1 do believe that th
‘Camacilla ean attempt at sell-controk tl tht the Mais
aude provides a way for ws to walk the middle rad vet feeth by
Anttoile. Lhope ha you 100 eat
in containment and resp

FREEDOM AND RESPONSIBILTY
Near the final nights

thing 210149 0-48 el

nance recklessness or rash behavior

umenrsof thentarchs whofe! that

wal cons yon

the vireue that hes
nsible government.

22nd, a delegate from the anarchy approaches the charac
Gobriel Baruch Lasombe. I the
mall, he: seaciousty sc knw

and introduces hiessel
characters side with the
cexlges their position

fis eatse with one more appeal to the valve

crore," while bping to wie them to
sliversity

"1 csincede that you
power ted
Hhasome of us will noe bow to youe rule, We don
draw an inrevicuble lune between us, but if we mu

aro terms for us, However, yous man u

ake why
authwrety
fully unclerstand; the most
Leoobreak fret of thy

main (utside you There ate
uues ar stake thr you do

important of these isthe ne

are necessary (0

‘asin shat
lins. The dangers inherent in an crgsmiation like the
Camarilla, which artemprs to keep younger Cainites en.
reklers,carmothe overtared. Youare inaking
oa beliove chat you will int safety within such
tun onganization of puppets
Please, reconsider your motives for quiashing the ac
tions of those of us who disagree with you. Whose hidden
truly are! Think om it betare you dest
responsible freedom.

a gunleen orie yma nates

vy youtelychanec for


Uh chonictersare anarchs, Gabriel grcetsthem
and sisters f they tll labor under Blood Oaths,
thea chance foxscae that, While he does not come tight out
indsay rar this pont, he ulso hopes to war the chatacters not
become mixed up in "spect
thers tather than the te aims of freedom (as he se
"They think theyean destroy wharwe have allt: We muse
fot let them Jo #0, Prenare sounelves to teiect their terms
puticulary if they mvolvesurrendering your fee vil can oath
blood, Somat ushuve already reed thae we wall notsubmit
boanelves tthe decisions of these so-called Justicars. Whase
Justice co they represent? Noe our, suroly, but thetr own.
"We have learned hw to break the Blovxl Oath, 0 f yur
feel you must make a pretense of submission, come to usta
and we will 1d you of your dependency on the elders of
Cannrilla. Lovalty eanno be bought, i mast becamed. Th
itonclessen we have learned during thscontly war. The oth
freon, of course, tsthae slaves donot make the most dedicated
yearion. We seck to form beothethioud of ce sokiers ready
felieww in ttedom ond loyalty, find me and my comrade
inhen this farce finished,"

INVITATION TOA SPECTACLE
Ifthe characters have not already sought
he alo finds them after the ©

ea Vy
cher 22nd meting. By this
fie, ¢ should be clewe thie the Camara utends co exace
Jome fairly harsh terms of surrender the ls M

‘pbelliows Cainutes have indicated thac they will nor accept
the decisions of the Camarilla. f the characters support the
‘Camanlla, Myca delivers the following warning to them.

‘Donocbelieve that you have conquered us just because you
fave trough tile, Wea here bec we

Want on cr stupid struggle, not because we relinquish out
belief the justice of ourcansie.Ifyo ih contempe, we
hell anower you in terms you cannot ign

ihe churacters elang 0 the Anarch Movement or ae
‘empathetic 1 its cas
bissentiments 29 follows

‘What u mockery! Thise srutting peacocks truly heliove
thot by enforsing their pretense of Magqueracke and ruling
Ibe serions of their childee with fists of iron that they cam
Velde the workd unto ignoring out exsstetwee. Orde they think
hae by pretending to be mottals they ean tegnin et statis?
They are fools and imbeciles to the last!

greets them warmly und vences

evertheless cure lest. They will eek to enn our
fps sna taine cur actions so that we are once asin mere
Bisson of their pret, We will show tern bow wrong they
dre How can we recur like fost labs co the sheepfold when we
fore nows theory of Living ike the jexators tha wea
festin Myca'seause and wish
Heermmitthenselvestwachiev a freedous fone Cama
Phe wer on to explain is pl

| Senrention, provid chat events ss he expects and

J eorcl love dheis independence from the ele

the charactersexpress

SPILLING THE BEANS
Ifthey have played thnugh th
Transslvanet Chiosicley, the
ndortition Fegialingde of the majo players ot
the Jyhad. They may'wish to: make that information
lknown ni the pathcringyespeciallyif any, deleyores
Inenlon (eal does) hae Ancekuvtan
Should chevereyeah, what they' know publicly, the
overall ection fou th delegates one of
isheliet and derision. Flow mightaach loely pier
sone by ser

wher prt
ncrers Jus

hev-ctgwnas yo impocrant
TThovugh mist delenit eet this way, 9
few realise what irivthi ghowacters}yave sine cnt
At least erie Camrlta etowine3<Maldwas.' Ventnse
Methasclah. moniter preterit hy be cf nivel yganier
) notes evervthune the churagtees do and sy
from chert oni HE atremipts wo speak wid ie chit
thumsel tle pong avi xamewhoa frowsticink yoxgct
Cainite: named Malihets wis is versed. by all the
powerful voripigesthauténaric® — inelaling dhe clue
acters Once he lacehic ont then, hc athenipe 1 sty
wath the charsveny cht ifiewent rhe irproection
ana! hangtnigon whatever advige be en cic fron the
Fron hs ine Feri, hough they may rer teal
clumicters wilbeunderconstant surveillance from
the Methuselal's yemoi=Naturally. thowe agents tay
‘citstrally ese rack i as atc but ts sy
that the Methuselah wall he gauge aveme of any plansand
travels the charaeter rake inthe furure unless th
actively pabice thu ayvirs seek out the a@enns and
them ot him the Mephithelaby is content merely 10
watcha iat won aly het case, Mie i search
ing fe Canines .cam Wn TaN sted ce the stad
arches aptnharh, OntetstblySimetber ofthe fiystnins
ncorinu, hea dented (0 injluency events Bier
Eup fox centimetre hen in Gerry
Furies ceri atichs ho Dawe toa thie
business to ehh, everythinieeahey Sige abont the
Anteddariins will dk cul the dhuncters unl ry
questhin thant abode every aspect of whak they! kraow
Shoulfthicfiaravsers prev oligtant, the anarehs (whe
will shortly Fecome Sale) have Ac (ual about wing
coercion ani bratlng Exel they wall
ccharactem, Buttaniyin the hops thar the «
lean: more yl fring, OF edie, thie el
always chiome tia, Frodh 5
expecially ftheyjoin thie Sahur. Cemercly, the prox
Solbae my nie theiraetions sehen tbeyadiscover that th
characters tyuaghér than aificpenect: this elt pe
ide soane veou® relief Gi chance for sone ehte
bbutt-icking} fi all the tlk as the chunacters shar the
upstars what cetuniesckiCinitescandowhen annoyed

HACELDEMA


subenit
in exponing the

ade und sti

few mortal lives, come
wurrevels, We will ne

war refusal heir decrees. If you wish to Join a
the Camarilia's pitiful Masque

their hearts ur the expen

share in
Jn © Tomorrane night, every:
sealed ial

hull we the teuth of aur extatence

horrid splenadoe."

Frepine DarinG THE CONVENTION

‘Unless chaructery have brought their own vessels with
them, they need te feed upon the local moreal population

The towns of Thorns and Silchester are each 9
hour's walk (faster on horseback) from the abbey. Since
Fathet Somiel has given perm i the delegates to
make use of the residents of thone towns, the characters may
doso with litle difficuley. Like most peasants and craftafalk,
the ila
except fat visits to the le

+ tend to rem » during the evenings
Cainiteswhowvisiteitherthe

vor the Six, Enghe and

locals to slake th

I be
aynant or heygar

hiest or hey muy happen upon a

presence of wild beasts in the

courseryside makes 4p cue a few a al

sible te
alls with the pretenie of antinal arraeks, but too many
cevetvanally arouse the suspicions of the villagers
I keep track of the ch:
doeide if they remain within
or af their actions hetray the

neral, ifthe chara,
down a few Blood Points or if they feed every evenin:

they are rakiog too much, Most delegates feed just often
enough to keep then frenzying anu to havea

The Storyreller she
feeding Nabits in order

elves fro
all royerve at need. Anarchs who plan to stage 0
will ery co keep themselves as full at possible. A

f concerned villogers n bey to
solve their concern ayerthe number of ances"
frownstolk, adding a Little excite

y visit the
isappe
ent and suspense ty

takes phice oh the evening ot Ue
93 and depicts che actual outcome of the deb:
ates have been decided anal all thie reenalins és th
snnowncement of those deciet
otde Valois resid knowna
nl places the
sien, thir

sw El
The Treaty of the Conv
able for the de

wlexiging their ac

uichment upon a
The terms dif the Co e all anvarchs wh
the blond of all the elders

sent (inchiding that of the charcters, iFthey ually 26

TRANSYLVANU\ CHRONICLES IL

Camarilla eldets). Ifthe chatacters are anarehs, they must
decide if they will drink the mixed blood of the elders oF
refwse and remain in rebellian,
ly, the elders explain that the Assamite Clan
lered co undergo 2 Thaumacurgical ritual 10
pre practice of diablerie. one of the characters
a Tremere, she may have already participates! in the group
shiva clue cuiyes clue Assaiuitey who agree «@ tt Showk
characterhe an Assamite, she aust decide before the ending.
‘ofthe ritual she will accept the curse placed upon her elan
with them in favor of continuing rebellion along
itl hore anaichs whiv esting « be seigned in.

ENDING THE CONVENTION OF THORNS.
iter the signing of the treaty and the cursing of the!
not of the nighe, mest Cainites plan to leave

have taken up
the folk
Ifcharacters sicceed in a Perception + Alertnes rll
(difieulty 7), they notice that not all of the anarch det
exates were present forthe signing:md theenorced drinking
Mer vitae an woken of lacie sulnissinn to che Camara
Karif al Numait h ol
y inh to report chet observa
Foninsers or one of their Archoos. They «an
Federica is enwhete 10 he

successes alan allow charycters to notice that

busied with surdey alfuity. saying that they
awonw ofthe situation aud rhat it ts hein low
retinue, they get no further informatian
elders of the Canaria
The three Archans who have previously met thecharac=
ro more ichable, They listers carefully vo the
ion anil ask them to remain hand io
case their help is needed. They imply that Federicc
exercising hisclan'sralent for intrigue and that th
hii to return with more news of what the missin
are up to, Upon hearing the missing anarchs' account from
the Archons, the Founders request thar no other de

astery
who dinnbey

derico has nat yet retu

no other ink coming.

Should the cha

wets wish to fon t
they are ap
reed to Camarilla slemvinds, She ask tht

ders refuge, a hidden
house in Silehester. Onc
characters may sleep through the day, Scene Eight then.
chance for th

piric rampage or to abstain ftom such an action

root cellar beneath wre, the.

becomes either 1 eo indulge then


D OF BLoop


Tue
Storytellers may wish to present the document
known as the Conventign of Thoes to their playes as
he culmination ofthis ne. Although the Sunes,
Handbook to che Sabhit cangginsthe reat ofthe treat
+ repeated Be for hey EES Props enn 9 a fon
tmevcabldhune mood in pame.opy ng Uae
jt onto ich epi or gfe cat parce with
sepia colored Ink nip heplayers fet ics ealiy nin
fully. The text fe locum sing follow
Many yearshave posed sings the stireGFour eure
walled de AnazhMovement. Bei kim
this night of 23 Octobe £49, bie Jy in

c tune for acl ewrictionss hve

confit
ended. T

This Conventionsbound in che Cewensnt of vine
by ered vow, reppesentssan ny eldingy vigilant rrace
hecweon the Kithes jigants unt themseltts 9s the
snatch, shé CIs Ast unice, ante free-standite Kin.
rod hound inderthetinleofCanaclls. Hepcetorth tbe
parties shall he reegagisedy facuiceres the
Assaites and he Carman,

Encl of the parties qgnte't@ the reity nsibility oF
moinrinmgpeac Each shall ays censutes upariuny
‘who brecth or oppusetthis cach Agmement: Account
ing will be adeifall parsaes fw. wtolacions by thea to
either shélletier cmtbe abi of this, Acreemente Tia

wibeot i lewally, binding undeesAlle accepred
Lextaliniot alk Gomnitegae ic hea ptises) earoush, thes
ages All Kindted ate entrenigdl tg actef ang) Bath
plemute froin this peaceful uccofd

Be it known thatthe Anarchs will enjoin willvehe
‘Comanitla oan accepeed fig, Fuakibysiewhiole: Aneel
ace expected to work peatehallyer@nichiéve heir wh
ends. They come bPflers of all and sew
ceive full entitlemetit teal diphes uffd privat be
Jonging ro all Comat KindRec Al Arps hashill he
it eters jn, die formerly de-
clans without un tee of eprsal. Only the
ment wicious of atrocities Shall nat be forgiven, These
tall stand writen for the Justicars to hear within one
year, after which al allegations ace no longer wali All
Anarchs shall reclaien all

accepted back unte

(from them. In rerutn the
nduring the contlicr by giving them tn
theit ales oF any eecoymized clan elder
KniiWyglo thar if the Anarchs g#@ further
Aipong tbl ypen jyhad invalidates thei responsih
Amiaktin peace wich these attacker The¥aaay act freely
owjhoul fer of reprisal fom aoa ci nlgabers of the
‘CANTGENIA Anarchs are Ainteea! HE figedony to act as
they ple shore ot Brushing the Maaguerde™ ian
foxed fiethe protecting ofall Kindred from the kine
Th We aleo. noved tht any Member of aay other self
brotlaiimed sect must openly declite this hefore his ckders
ual renounce chistelatonealur to do'¥awal esol in
‘chofestmicrion of savideomed guilty No Kindred may be
seni unknowinilyeathis death by'an elder or sie, unless
the seotery of clare er Cartrills Gurweigh the possible
Jey Of iblite
Broun this nigh  tegprd, the' ssaimicexsh all hence:
ferthing loner evant dlablene uponmcanberset other
clang. The Axamitcs ment commit theaselves to this
fbceptmoa by 0 mae: of aeuiranesplaced upon thes
ahiggfornt of thnumatiitpical limitation. AM imcmbers of
theAssamites-shiall become unathle co drink freely of thw
Wipe of Sther Kindkedyfebm how unto forever. In addi
tier the Ascamites shall patho
90 thot pounds EON, 4n tanscin of the five
‘Assamite!terscapated conunittiny diableric. Also, the
Assamites may neater partic ipare in Blood Hunts,
Be ie alec knows the Ascatisiice guaranteed comm
plete ndcpepdong finals tejamnds The Assamite
Hoetrest \Aliriut, shall be ffer frewwiay futher asaulrs
Assoncdscutulsiytan 6 ote relpect of dict bel
Freeda tovemaurias ceahtitidiihuty hoi own clan
restraint anid the nighe tocontmit diahle
soe ecu' se ashalitgenemb dip within the Caml,
In iv rendered! this allparties myplved and all show
ing allegiance tony ofahée panics
tesponsible for alllaipests of dhs Gon
forth bere, in the tral Kit ial
the hamlet of Thorns, near the town of Silchester. May
Cain held truth enil peece fon os al

th oldersof Spain

eapshot that "Devil
ing the whale town!
meet — for help fe

sc come to Silchester und are munder:

the monks — ne they

families and frien

By juracters get to the town, the "sahhar:
have bee at work for neatly three

tb in ruins, fires raye la several of the

hhunses itud spread i(ulekly throtighour the

yours, The: town
thatch-root

le flee ity terror, some of
othets carrying stall

TRANSVLVANIA CHRONICLES IL

them laden with thelr posses

children tn bundles on their backs and in thet arms, Bestial
ereatutes with jowi
puiwwe helpless vicrimsdown the enter the steets, pulling
them down and ripping cede th k the blosd
rt free
[hee

they can ty to reseue people
outside the town, of they m:

edaneticn
ch Camila contingent

ines pt pac
tw take the attacker ito
aly for killing

custody or slay them outright (since rep


her Cainites are unlikely 10 be forthcoming under the
umstances), ‘They ze Myca Vykow among.
the ringle il he assumes zulo
). bar fail to find Gabriel
(Gabriel hav already left the
scheme ts self-mdulge
The Storytelle
do. Hardestadr and the other Founder
In the utrempt

(atleast a
any of his comp
chat Myea'

lors of the as
believis
nd wasteful exere

whar they preter
serive shortly after the characters and jc
attack, In the end, however,

to put dor

Sho
Among thoxe who escape is Myea Vykon. Ifthe character

in the slaughter of Silchester, they may flee

by Camarilla torce
(rhough the Storyteller ix nage: ta be fair in allowing
characters a € Any Cainites who are
captured are executed after painful questioning reveals
thar they don'e

ntant anarchs

know the hiding plices of che rest of the

Jestadt anid Rafael de Canison wake charge of th
vor, sing their 1 Disciplines tiverave th
incl of the hurnane 0 the

Interests of preserving the Maiquerle. Once that has be

secomplished, Hardestalt and Adana de Shorsa vow to follow
the trail of the attackers If the
arclestadt "vequests" that they

haracters offer to help,
tum to theit ho

of whar the Corsvertion of Thorns bie
With this, he and the other Founders take
the field of blood, The ch

toobey Hardestadt's communil or mcuny their ow

he other anarchs. U
une will he un
ay chooe to remain
+ from E
don't need the competition fro
Thecha

4a short time
teremay return sntaonly ifthey
sahanh one
ithe

a noate, The wint
losing
routes Thixchapter of Kindred history closed

worthern se riyiteyand most of the passes the

for now

HACELDEMIAL



YOhat need is there for interpreta
fion vohert the Scripture is enticey
clear? Gut if it is so clear, woh have
such eminent mien groped so birdy
and for so many centiies ini such ant
anpoctant matter, as ou adversar~
ies clairr®? If there is 110 obscucityy irs
the Seciptiwes, vopat reed was there
for prophecies in apostolic tires? 3
bavdly kriove wohetfrer: like the gift of
healinig and the gift of tongues, this
gif t of prophecy has not also ceased If
ithas not ceased it shordd be asked to
vohorn it bas passed.

— Grasrius On Seee VOI


The Year is 1495, two years after the Convention of
Thorns. In those years, the world has discovered (via the
vomages of Christopher Columbus) thar a new passage aerovs
cans has opened. Thought to be the fabled shorteur to
1 it instead leads to a wholly new land that will come to
beknown as Ushering in sm age of explocation, this
dlscovery also providesthe means for overpopulaced Europe to
send her native sons and daughters
the wilder
spiric oft

= pioneers ise to 8 new
petulence and self-reliance.

In like manner, unrepentannnarchs who refused to sign
thecompncrhave hondedtogether with ocherrebetliousCainires
into independent roving packs that will evenly call them
selvesthe Sabb. Officially, the Camarilla denies the existence

Antediluvians; the vebels who will form the cote ofthe
Suihhar dedicate themselves to fighting the Ancients, whose
existence the Camarill denies — a fotce training for their part
{nthe Jyhuad. Despite thei differences, both sides vie for copies
ofthe Bonk of Nod hoping learn the signs leading to Geltenina
ark, thus, prepa forthe final nights,

If the characters played theough the previous stories in
Dark Tides Rising (Book One of the Transylvania
Chronicles), chey already know something mast other Kin:
died don't: Prophecies other than those fotind in the Book of

Nod exist. Several of the characters! travails haye brought
into contact with those prophecies, One such contact
curred almont 100 years in the past, when the characters

attempted to perform aservice for Nova Arpad, hen prince of
Mediasch. Sent to find several pieces of jewelry stolen from
by Gypsies, they likely returned some items, but were
le w recover all of them. Among thine they may have
id pectoral that contained etched
mritingthe characters were able to translate with a translation
key they had (and hopefully sill have} in their possession,
the time, another teem

ough they did not realize
of jewelry — a companion prece to the pectoral — abo
contained important information, This jewel, u gold broach
set with a piece of amber, can be opened, though this is not
readily apparent without good eves and a detailed aporsisal of
the brooch. Inside, on each half, fart scratch

bur are impossible ro read. Removing the amber from its
scttingand lookingthrowgh it (flarside down) ar theseratchings
‘makes them slightly larger and considerably more legible
Nowa Arpad never realized the brooch opened anid its
unlikely that the characters did either. After losing her control
of Mestiagch and fleeing to the Tremere, Nova found it neces-
sell some of her jewelry. Bought by a Saxon merchant of
Brow, the broach became one of his greatest treasutes, Dating

Followers of Set whom Dracula never suspected were there
TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES tt

A Quick Nore on
HisroricaL Accuracy
Acconding to history, Dracula wis asiasinaied in
476, his head cutoff and Sent tothe sultan, and his ey
interred near(e ihtuein she Seagow Monastery. Then
‘grin, Beam Stoket fe hit nied ag wctive in Borgo
Pass in thet TBO One Serf the ele of iow Dracula
became a vagggine ether 1495. Hy can we reconcile
shat with history?Fint, Wane: Chalk icup tocooler
roleplaying oppor Dei is Bribeyce afer the
Convenicn so Tht Sect tkss ror players are
dyed-inthe-wopl hort it they probably
won't know thediferente lind éaulns caro so loys as
they hag ne pag My oust ot the rational
apprcoth, hyve lista Evo fe betas
The lo-Gamne'Bxplanstiog ly
Deut ste sedi Sedat
Aad spe 20 ae rarer ir Fally ad Dre, bur
a fhobv-gratied reverb gnuide into his double uh sént by
Raduthtake heiplte Leariagihuthiedooblel alates
sasesitatell Vintage pli Fe wf aides he
oppont Teiakceiassins help 20d appre.
Tin ipa ttererpctiaette eae aal
Dracula sirved tee Embrated anctbee day... nigh
ven ar over 6 yea of at; Dinca physical condition
teas fine; a a revenant, the' Cainite blood in his veins
enabled him to remain active longer than normal mortals
The Real-World Explanation
‘Transylvania anu Wallachia held to the Orthodox
calendar rather than the Rowianéne, Diserennnctes er
compasing decade wef fog ncoanorshaing a tine
‘when eonimnicatiy Namarteritsecangalecer
ould a eh Mitehouhat
thie 9 Abtually HUCOBIE ful inves Ute Orch
a ee Reman a pa haces Toxchslule
CCharchéanetint (at ifs tec hor Ear encores)
rocher fan having amgdhierenee Ot obiiod egatling
‘what nth or ar Pahang hat your
players won't Easy shelifereiee hetveey See ond
a camopicabigaletitie. M the exphamticn sates chem,
that' edi ie
Inova fated bonded Dracus
the price whe thew hase ntortho river (an
event lignzed bj Coppolss oye Bram Stkr's Dracd
rather than-fic® the Tuths esbelieved-were on. her
doorstep. HistBty rindi nines Her n the movie,
she was giverythe moniker Eltiers and players familiar
‘withthe film maybenorgsed to findiacwecallerLivia
Since nobidy knows coe vpoythetther, we decided t0
120 with the uimelLivha Because (tis # Romanian name
based on the*Dactan (or Roman) and therefore more
suitable than » Hungarian name lke Elizbera, Soe ws.


ated" muchol the merchants! wealth. Some ofthat wealth
vas funneled ineo the Wallachian prince's coffers, burt he
Seuites kept the brooch, Studying i, the Setites found its
pmperties, but could not discover the language in which it was
wnitten, Thus, the brooch has lain forgotten in a Setite strong
holdformany decades. Now ithecomes once miorean important
asthe Sette anda compan:
discovered in Egypt to Zelios in an. attempe to
vence the great Nosferatu archices

The following story assumes that the characters played
gh por portions of the Transylvania Chronicles —
ifically through the scenarios in Darke Tides Rising tn
which the characters uncovered the translation key in the
tower at Tihuta Pass und the one in which thee sires sent the
characters to recover Nova Axpau!s jewelry from the Gypsies
Storyteller will have to make some major adjustments to this
scenario, She will need to provide some means for the grou
x inside the brooch and to find some
haracters for their help and

offer them the brooch and book as payment.

Tue Rent Dracata;
THE ROMANTIC DracaLa

While the Saxon merchants that Dracula bedeviled and
the boyars of Transylvania and Wallachia feared the wrath of
the Son of the Dragon, many of the common people cheered
him as their champion and savior. Tales of Dracula's cold
rvelty and stories of his great intelligence and undeniable
penonal charm exist side hy side

ack thee

Sowhich Dracula wll the characters meet? Thatdepends
oa their attitude goity: into the story. Vlad Dracula grew to
macunty in the climate of myriad convoluted political games
played our by the canny double-dealing of his grandfatherand
father. Both, made all an and Turk alike;
toth renieged on such alliances when ft suited them. Dracula
was sent as a hostage to the Sultan Murad' court as a young
toy where he wassubjected wo the Turks cruelly sophisticare
frectice of older men training young boys. The older men took
theca. a th rf and leader
thin. As af cl lad was treated
‘ore harshly than was normally the case. His experiences
undoubtedly molded his interest in tortures such as impale
tment and dismemberment (common practices among the
Turks), Yet, he also learmed much concerning warfare, phi
loxphy, rulership and che arts of love from the Turks,
Dracula is not » cartoon Bigute, but a complex, deeply
ppasionate man, a man driven to claim the throne he sees as
fightfully his, to expel ce Turks from his homeland and to
unish the boyare who mutdered his father and brother. To
faintain the power co rule, he knows he must keep others off
Tolunce. Thus, he plays games with people, seeking to trap
them with words. Those unfortunate enough to stumble
his rapier-chnast questioning find thetnselves firmly
seated atop the end ofa blunted stake, slidingdown toward the

PROPHECY IN

AMBER


‘otind as their entrails are slow'y pierced, Others who evince
Witornckriowledge chat Dracula isthe absolute ruler ofall who
etter his domain, fare well. To those guests, Dracula shows his
‘reat personal charm and magnetism, conversing at length
with thet and offeriny them the best focxl, wine and comforts
ofhiscantle. Dracula tolerates nodisrespect or challenge wohis
rule. Those who offer him none should find their personal
\nceractione with the prince stimulating and no more danger
ous than say, steppin. between two striking cobras

‘One detail the characters may not know is that Dracula
\s part of the Basarab reverat family. Born with the blood of
Cainitesin his veins the Prince of Wallachia ha always beers
stronger than normal, more ferocious in battle, driven by
greater passions and harder ¢o kill than. a normal human.
Becawe he was sent from his family before his heritage was
explained to him, Dracula does net lenow what he is. He
discovers how powerful he ean become only when he drinks
the blocs of a capruted Cainite

Dracata Laver
Since the death ofhis wife Livia, Dracus hase beeniavery
lonely figure. He secks companionship from ene whe can truly
understand him — and who betrer tan, varnpie, creature
whose arogance and lipeliess ach that ofthe Praesent
Unlike those he rules, Dracula issophisticated and sybaritic inhi
lovemaking. He is not constmined by the morals thar govern
Transylvanian peasants; instead, he takes his pleasure fom
whoever itracts him, be they male or female. Should one ofthe
chametersstimulate hig interest, the prince of Wallachia seeks to
‘promote aromunce between them, Whether hisartentions prove
weleorne or not depends en the character ur the player.
Dracula's main concer ar thisstage in his fe isis quest
for the immortality the Embrace brings. Coached by Durga
Syn, Dracula knowstharhewantstobecomes vampice, yethe
wants ng entanglements chat will force him to cede his power
hhissire. He desires independence from both a Blood Bond
and the new Camarilla. Should he heeore romantically
involved with one ofthe characters, Dracula becomes uncer-
tain: He wants his lover to provide che blood thar will change
hhim, yer he does not wish to jeopardize what they have
Together. Dracula's pleas for blood and the Embrace coupled
with his insistence that there be nome of the usual sie-childe
thonds nay destroy whatever fragile love has developed be
tween the to, Whether the character and the Son of the
Dirgon continve their love affair afeet Dracula hecomes 2
vanpire yup to the player and Storyteller. Eventually, as all
over time, the love may fade. Conversely, it may.
an and become one of the underlying story threads woven
ough the Transylvania Chronicles. Regardless, Dracula
‘eventually leaves his lover and stikes out on his own.
Necilessto say. thisisa very progressive concept, and not
10 the tastes of every trouve. Use Dracula as a romantic
clement only if your players and their coterie seem to be
receptive to the idea, Otherwise, just leave trout rather than
risk offense or discomfort.

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES It

baregrns

Wdeally, the Storyteller should set up Act IIL it a short
prelude before beginning the acrual story. The prelide takes
the form of a messenger bearing a letter informing the char:
ters that Zelios wishes to meet withall of them in Beasov (deep
in the bowels of Bean Castle, actually) Ifthe character
ate already together, they sieed merely travel tothe castle and
follow Zeliom ditcerionstventer. Should they noche together,
however, havinga letter sent to each character allows themto
gather ac the eastle and enter without wasting a great deal of
time on thivel afd nor-esiential distracrions. On the other
ind, (Peach player deserves (oe wants) a litle incividual
attention for her character, she ean now have that through
short, customized vignette that oecurson her way to meet het
allies eres) of the Storyteller.
‘Whether asa groupor individually, the characters teceive
the following letter, brought hy pnd messenger:


ONE:

Guests IN DEATH
Bran Castle is the quintessential spooky Trandylvanian
bound and it is usually
ly) identified as D "s castle fur 20th-cenrury
ively than any description. Such views are readily avail:
‘Once at the castle, the characters need only follow che
teach his hidden haven. It the charactersapproach secretly, no
among the small crew manning the. castle nocices them.
‘The charucters must provide some sort of illumination or
whaven. Chancing the stain witho light
ible, but. certainly disorienting. It feelsas though
the staits wind down forever into the darkness, with »
stones kicked into that gulf seem to fall with na sound,
whilea chill hives afts upward from far below. Several stairs

are badly in need of repair and should characters not have

tama way of olny they will need to roll leties
(dificulty 7) atleast rwice while descending. This will need vo
bedone in order to stay on the stirs rather than tumbling off
the open side nnd falling several hundted fect to the chamber
below: Those whe fall eustaiss 29 much damage that they will

bly be in torpor for 1 Fong, long time. (See Falling in

Vampire rulebook.) OF course, any character who can
change into a bat has plenty of time to do so.

As they nese the bottom, the chimacters can divcen it
faint light from below. [rie provided by dozens of candles in
blass holders. They are set haphazanily around the large
thamber in which the stairs end. Seated at a plank table
watching the characters deseend ts Zelios. The mast
ded by what looks like moving fur carper and
table covering. Closer examination reveals these to be hun

dreds of rats

‘out to the characters, "Have you dined? My
Liele companions are full of vite they are willing to share,
ahsuild you so desite."
Should any characters wish to feed they may catch
0 Blucxd ants

tot silent gesture and the noes dis

Afterpleasant greetings, Zelioyexphiinswhy heaskedthe
shorncten

"I have recently discovered another key point in my
grind design to bind the demon Kupala, It lies noe in
Tesneylvanta, but Wallachia, in castle o
‘Vlad Tepes, thie mortal prince of thar land, Although he 1s
tumored to be dead frou ie thie Sen
ofthe Dragon may yer live, and that he ence again resides
witbin the walls of Anghes Caste

e occupied by

woausin'varroes, hel

Uhave heard fromm rellable sources that you have had
dealings with this prince once before and ate therefore known
tohim, Those same informants have warned me that i is quite
dangerous for strangers to appmach che former Wallachiar
prince for he sees all such as enemies, impaling them firs
‘questioning theirmotives late. Itismy hope then th
‘consent to travel nohiskeep and persuade Dracul
to place runes upon his foundation storcs ml
have emplaced ebewhere

"While Ido nw
amy offer ofa fue

you wil
allow ys
1 thao yo

ww if you parted ns enemies, | hope that
or extended tothe prince an this mall
assure of chat prumiise will peruink
fhim to agree. Perhaps he mary even agree i you tell him the
purpose of the runes: They re thereto eect him and all of us
fiom the ravages of Kupala. Then again, 1 have heard that
Dracula scaled the Son of the Devil avoficn ashe tsculled Son
‘of the Dragon If he has infernal connections, it would be quite
dangerous to the runes. You must be the judge of the
truth ate decide what you will relf him. 1 would counsel again
sstempting toplace them there seetetly, for I have leamed tac
aan ancient wise woman tells him her visions of the future and
you would be discovered. That would go il for you indeed

"In seturn, I offer you two treasures, A broach of amber yet

ie gold amd golden tome"

Zellos pulls forth a brown leather pouch ust large enough
‘o fit in the palm of a hand. Inside the pouch, wrapped i
‘amall squat of sik isa piece of jewelry, Mado of gold, the oval
brooch hokds « Lage golden amber ts center. Set inte the
old, the amber has been smoothly polished intoadomean the
‘upper side, while the underside is fla

Though it i¢ not evi
halves. Unless the chars
will not notice

nt, the brooch opens into ews
5 look for such an opting, tHiey
until after speaking with Zetion
Zeicadisptaysthe old andamberbrooch tothe characters
"Curiously, this jewel was once owned by Nowa Arpad. My
ormantstell aie thar you once recovered for her when it ws
taken by Gypsies, When she found it necessary 10 sell some
hher jewelry, the hrooch became the property ufa merchant of
Brasov, and fo there; founal is way into ry Hur
"You will understand that | speak with many, worthy
scholars and. have learned rauch lore regarding this treasure
Pezhiaps you already know oft, bur should you not, I repeat. i
here for your pl
M the
il, the brooch opens into two sides, each
inscribed with faint, mull wr
except by siding the amber from itsettingand laying it at
the markings. Wh enlarges the yeript In
such the same mannet as the magnifying. lenses from the
{Etot. Though the script ituelf becomes clear in this fash
{must confess thar I have been unable to find a translation
for the odd characters chut make up the writing, Pethapy she
key you retrieved from Tibuta Pass 20 long ge

ings. These cannor be

PROPHECY IN AMBER


esa crafty look as he waits tose
if they will comment on his knowledge
"Once you inscribe the runes on the castle, I shall ks
rarn hece and | wil give you the brooch and its
volume. Rather than the small serarchings herein
contains a much lon of writing. Aside from thei

ve that these items may hold
soneeming the prophecies sur

Will you accept them as py

them ts elsewhere. "I thought st be:
from the brooch { will fetch i
Ifthe charncters agrée, they ean travel to Wallach and

Castle Arghes. Zeliox provides them with detailed deawingsof
the markings they need to make.

Dracaa's Cast

To reach Arghes Castle, ch rs must travel 9
Wallachia. Highest nsylvanian peaks
Transylvanian Alps by wind and
their way through these forbidkling reaches, 3

Pass, the main road through f

ersreach the small towns of Curtea de Arghes or Arelu,

the menacing castle can be seen crouched
above, ainost as if h
eral hundred feet down into the river below

The castle itself is a lirtle harder to reach. A set of 1490

cut into the rock of the mountain leading up

‘One person at a time can negotiate the steps wit
falling. A plung he stairs throws whoever falls int
riverseveral hundred feet below. Excepe th:
these stairs are very reminiscent of those t
tiated in Zelios' hidden lnir beneath

wacters might question whether the similarity in desi
purely coincidence. It is, but if the characters want to specu

upward into the dark sky

he cocky bones
of the mountain itself

By the time the charicters reach the top of the stir
ns block theie way, asking

Arghes Castle. Should the characters answer in acivil manner

there to meet with the master of the caste, they

owed up, though a soldier is assigned J them,

Dominating guards or using Presence to smooth the way might


akobe successful. Rude unswen lead to attempesby the guards
rouse thet pikestoknock thecharactersfeom their yrecasious
positions on the sears. En
must make a Dexterity + Athleties rofl (difficulty 8) to
cuaintain his footingor plummet into thetiver below. Whether
the characters win or lose such a: confrontation, Dracus is
highly displeased with their boorishness and se
and siake them a5 soon ns posible unless they
their sincere regret
Assuming the chamucters behave themselves, they are
allowed into the asthe and shown toan interview with Draciia

Son OF THE DRAGON

The murier of Castle Anghes remains the picture of health
and vigoe despite his advanced age: His reserunt blood giana
hima longer lifespan than mest morta, Dracula isaboyeaventge
inbeight. ovingblack hairandamustache,a high
fecehead, long aguiline nove and very linge, pring green eyes
Though morn, he has an indetinable nr of dignity and perwer
thar wuld be the envy of many vampire princes.

character struck in this manner

amends quickly and convince

Wherher they parted as friends or enemies, Dracula
pohrely welcomes the characters to hi home and asks f they
have supped: fey indicate thar they have not had sure
tance, the prince calls forward several men-at-arms and bids
them to offer themselves. The men obey without question,
obviously more afraid of displeasing Omacula than of baring
Showld they accepe his
Draculit eagerly watches how the characters feed.

their necks or arms to. vampites
sta

rhoting techriques and the orgasmic lassitudo thar comes over

their victims once rhe Cainites begin feeding from them,

lf they refuse the offer, Dracula merely shrugsand invites
speak. Even if they parted as enemies, Dracula is Curious to
Know why the chameters have come eo him. While his
survival and residence in the castle are noc entirely secret, he
luaractees he would be here. He alo wishes fue the characters
tw help him in his quest to become immortal. If he ean
convince one of them ro Embrace him while forswesring the
tual honds berween sireandchilde. he ws willingtohelp them
with whatever is they need.

There are a few complications: Durga Syn
him against accepting the Embrace from etthera Nosferatu or
féLdalleweine. Descula hen: na nih wh appeoe ak nimi oe
love his nellecs to madness, He also has no wish 2 fin eth
the Comarilla or the anarch bands that oppose him he
requires strict and utter independence

ind, however, Draculi sets out 1 Woe
6.0 gracious host, regaling them with
lly to allthey tellhim in return
and proving them with whatever they need. He also foctises
ter i
upon that peryon and making clear his

im him or hee

muningstories listening

He tsn't quite somercenary ashe seems, however. Dracula
hasbeen very lonely ever since the de: wife Livia, He
may tell characters the sal story of he opin
theriver below from the battlements whea it looked as th
the Turks would overrun the carte. Wishing for ancth

ke chat he had with his wife, Dracula seeks somedne who will
me hin tn teturn, unteservedly
the charactersand the prince during the course of play, or the
Storyteller may need to (forgive the pun) vamp the character
ilitele, playing up Dracula's attentions and emphasizing how
character i not made too uncomfortable by Dracula'
tions, the Storyteller might push itanfar as thingscan g

prince sitsnear the character, sttoking his ot her atm,
‘nupublic (tn the privacy of his bedelaraber va
Any character who tries t0 take
tating into her eyes
exubiesun inexplica
te Discip

Gertine 10 THE Pott

The characters may wish toexplain what they want from,
‘Dracula and get to (¢. Dracula i» amused chat they have come
all this way to carve runes into his castle walls, though he
does not dismiss the seriousness of their claims. Rather, he
cells chem that he wuhes their company for several nights.
invites them to stay as hus guests und refuses
matter further until they have had time toenjoy one another's
company fire

water story)
vantage of the prince's
doomed to disappointment: Dracula
mystic invulnerability tothe Dom

Their enforced company isnox unpleasne Fach segiven
4 sumptuous room built along the inner walls of the castle
(be. they have no windows to let the sun in). Their slihes
are seen to by Dencula's servants, He provides them with fine
clothing ifthey lack ie and offers them delightful mortals on
who they may dine (x0 long ay they refrain from killing the
vessels). Well versed in certsin lore concerning Cainites,
Dracula knows whaeswill most probably please the chi
anal make them feet lik

nds the next few evening learning all he can

sharacters and theit vampiric existence. He dees
not reveal that he has a captive vampire staked in his
duegeon Heladion me that vampire (ospy sent

by Lambach to ferret out Dracula's secrets and force him into
union with their pack, which they calla Sabbat) and forcing
e spy to Embrace him, but felt he needed to know more
fora What he nthe characters (ev
1g, he it keen o

de to proceed with hisplans, Ne
fallen in love with one of the ¢ that

nif they
ever) has helped lum

orwever, he may Ihave

person to Embrace hin, yet he
the sire has hold of blood over the childe
will descroy their love — and his ambitions

PROPHECY IN AMBER


‘weaponry practice, listening to musicians or watching mur
‘mers brought from the towns below — anything todistract his
wisitors and make them stay little longer. Depending on how
jaded the characte: . he arranges for erotic vignettes,
ated entertain
ment. While these pleaasres occur, he strengthens the bonds
ween himaslf and hic lover, constantly eouching his be
loved, offering himor hee special gifts, and both masteringand
surrendering to his loved one in lovemaking.
Eventually however, Dracula gives his permission for the
harscters to make son hiscascle: Carving the gly
takes them several hours, ending just before sunrise. Unlike
the spectacular effects that occurred when they matked
Baa astle in Transylvania, there is no shaking of the
earth or outwied sign ¢

himself to the limit, climbing the many, many stairs from the
town below. Dracula's guards abo notice the mutt and sum:
‘non the prince. The stranger arrives aboxit 10 minutes before
the su rises. Nervous characters may have already retired to
their chambers inside the castle.

Scene THREE:
THE Dracon's BITE

lf che charnceers fail to remain and hear the messenger's
thaca pack of vampires calling itself a "Sabbat ison
sway tothe castle. Those characters who are willing
thesun learn the follos
roiling up the steps.

ly be told sehen they awaken the nexe

rbrave

‘One of Dracula's agents, the man
wes bearing an urgent message for his
rmawcer, which he gasps out

A band of demons and witches has entered Wallachia,
tnilond. They are headed for the castle."

From the messengers descripeion of the ining grout
actions, the characters — and Dracula.as well —eun aseertain
thut the intruders The agent estimates that the
soup will ave we the eastle on the following evening

In addition to Dracula's queries, the characters may wish

to sak their own questions about the nature of the invading

hhismaster —and the characters
‘that che group travels only by night und that they seem to

pom maps

force. The messenger infors

sual several aie uichavess. He cally dese
‘monsters, ying thot he has seen thei Nood:-ted eyes and
Ihideons fangs.

"They eed upon the lifebloedd of the people, ripping their

victims" throats and drinkiny blood from them while their

Uhave heard chat they call themselves a

Sabha and char they claim to bow to no master," the messen

ger reports, his voice filled with horror and awe. He adds that

heard only the names Lambach and Tebak mentioned

tn connection with the group and assumes that these two are
the leaders of the band,

TRANSYLVINUL CHRONICLES I

Rather than sending
the group, Dracula
group and report to
matter of the intruders H the ch
Dracula does no stop them, but
disappointed him in doing so, In any case, the
howe prevents the chamcter from leaving

The following evening, the characters awaken vo the
sounds of combat just outside the castle gates, ot the small
plateau atthe crest of the mouncain. The Sabbaths arived

COMPLICATIONS
‘Unless the characters decide to join in the bottle immed
ately, they have a fow moenens vanfolding
front ofthe eautl. The Subba pack consis of 10 vampires. In
addition, second group of vampireshas jouned the fay, ambush
tng the Sabbac as itcompletes its ascentof the seit leading upto
the castle. Deacuby's forces are conspicucusly absenc
W the characters attended the Convention of Thoms,
they may recognize ewe of the eight inlividals inthe sec
group a5 Justicars, Savvy Cainites may assume that the o¢her
six Ceinites are Archons A nuccetaful Percepss
roll (di 7) revealsLueita's presence among the vampires
artending the Justicars
The Camarifia vampires clearly have th
the poorly organised Sabbat, Anche
the Sabhar pack go down under the disciplines assault hy eve
battle-hardened Archon ed by Lucita. Milow Petrenkow, the
Gangrel Justicar, proves particularly formidable in comhar and
‘unforrunate individual i half with hus claws.
Without warming, Dracula's forces ride owe from the
castle, swinging their mounts around to assil the Camila'
ferces from the flank. The bartle changes course almost mae
the Sabbat enjoysan unexpectes reprieve. From his
ula calls our to the

atforce immediately to intercept
detshisagent to keep track ofthe

view the ce

+ Alermess

seaming that

ters to join him,

"Wallachia allows no one to trespass upsan its borders!
Join with me now and bring honoe and glory t
he exhorts, his challenge 1
battle

Tie DILEMMA
‘Once Dracula has committed himself to the battle, the
1» have four options, They may emir, within the
rch as the blopdy three-way battle involving
Dracula' army, the Justcaes and the Sabbat concludes in a
decisive, though costly, victory for Wallac
characters may joun in the bute
attacking the Justicars and cnr
may side with the Justicars (and, therefine, the
they may assist the doomed Sahbat pack.

ng out above the



Arcuons/*Sappat"
Generation: 8th
‘Nature: Defender/Deviant

‘sma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2
"erception 4, Incelligence 3. Wits 4
Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Leadership 2

ms 1, Melee
The Storyteller is encouraged to showense any

Disciplinesor occult powers would best heighten the drama in

the scene. To hell with rule

Virtues: Conscience/Conviction 2, Self-Conrrol/instinet 4,

Courage 4

Road: Humanity or Chivalry (Beast, Humanity of De

nd Tabak are given no Traits a» the char:
wot interact with them, They are taken out of th
iked,
Justicars) are detailed in Chapter F
"Tits are not given for the Juscicats, such
The Last Supper, Book One of the G
haracters and should escape the camage, likeh
casualties tnd carnage in thelr wake

Sc Four:
INTO CINDEATH

After the hartle, the characters will either have fled at
will be free to go. Ifone of them hus become involved
Dracula and did nor betray him during the battle

who attacked him. Ifth
he or she may assist the pri
‘undead, Ifall the characters proved thet loyalty to
all may assist him if they so choose
While the charactees may nat know it, Ula

the manipulation of the held onto bis thy

through Lambach's incompetence. The vampire prisoner i
cone of Lambach's spies. Now Dracula has Lambach and his
more potent pack leader Takk. Two nights after the batt!

Dracula gives L ich achoice: En ce him und fore
any further contact ord

Watched over by afer

turns on the defenseless Sabbac pack lear and
Tabak, thus becom qual in generation to his


s Gone ON
HIND THE SCENES
Though the churscters may not know it,
sciner #88 member of the Sabbat pack
come to affiick the Gascle. Their enmity
rowand Dracula stemsftom hig ppactice of capturing
= by impaling them and drinking
ir potent Wlead: before destroying them. The
ored the Danes claimant cothe throne
#Wallachiarathetthim Oxpeula and plotted: not
him while he ruled. MisacriGns against them were
sali fog that thdicheryy Dracula may or
‘may not choose fo rdveaithis colthe characters. It
would certainly: help them, understand why the
pack i attacking Arghés Caltles
While ché isdivides?t Fiends Dracula drained
and killed belore had Heallies eoncernedendugh co
ity to gees thera te rinehepeisonet by

thor h

capiive fackdateainduse re forrresias thelr strong-

hall, Pay for them thestu heh caughe betwern a
gc0upot-JoRLicars sUNA cehions beve ch thelr de-
struction and Deel, who seesitineir arcivaliag the
answer 16: Mvalifempia over being Embraced

Wine Agee UE pautcey ied Rad Musted

messedngers) kinows thar Natali hiw ranged the
whole\ithingl Wained-far in cadvatice/ of his

"messeni apack ef laveting anatchs
Dracula sent $pcret mes-
miniy them where they
Alter waiting for the
ticars to do muck of hig woik for him, Dracula
mnd take

word, Dracula allows Lumbach to yo free and his sice
flees into the night. Storytellers should heighten thedraria
of the scene by describing Dracula's Embrace at Lambach's
handé und his dlubloris of Tol Play p:the
horror of vampirism; let the horrid dungeons of Castle
blasphemous act.

Arghes set the mood for
Once Embraced, Dracula seems to change somewhat,
as to leave his
cule a
Asheh

» the other Tzimisee soon,

sks that the churicters ni
even hip beloved. He sures dere dat he ie sill
ther ally (and lover), but explains that he must travel a
different road for now. If the character who has become

Dracula's lover refuses to leave, that person may sty if he or
enough. The others should accede to Dracula's

wishes and go. This will not be the lasrthey heur of Dracula

SCENE Five:
RETURN TO BRASOV

Once the chameters have caneluded their business
with Prince Dracuta, they can return to the harrow be
neath Bran Castle for their reward
Zelios is waiting for th

she be

word,
m with both the brooch and the
tome. He doesn't mention that he didn't accually have the
tome before because a group of Followers af Ser had nor yer
given ic to him. Zelios is treading a very fine line, cot
cemed with containing the demon, yet making pacts with
those who are lirtle better than
his geomantic ritual

True to

she needs vo complen
Once within the inner chamber, Zelios hands over the
brooch and tome. He reiterates what he said about the
brooch in Scene Two to remind them how ta work the
brooch. Should they not understand that they need to sid
the amber aver the gold pages of the hook a» well, he can
also expl 1 them. Ifthe charac
lation key with them. ches will keabletoread the textol the
brooch and the rome now. Othecwise, they must wait and
read it when they have the key. Whenever they have th
‘anslation key, brooch and tome together, they
cover the following

INsip— Amber's HEART

Once the characters open the brooch and slide the
words within through use of the translation key they found
in the tower of Tihuta Pass, Using the translation disk
they e: ake out the following text:
now know the black rot that lies behind his fair face. Read of
be made of two thin sheets of amber with multiple inclu
sions, giving it » mottled look. They enclose pages of
beaten gold. Bound atound the rome and keeping it shut

ing the brooch into it
unlocks the band, allowing the book to be opened. The
gold pages inside have been deeply etched.

The kings on the gold can be read by sliding the
amber from the brooch and inoving
When enlarged by the amber,
were filed in with s

ay dis

across the writing.
he etchings look as if they
ne sart of lood-red Hquid, making
ok ay though they axe on fire. The
characters' translation key will be needed once again to
decipher the story told within, which is as follows

PROPHECY IN AMBER



AFTERMATH

The characters have Javaniel's journal snd the know!-
‘edge itcontains. Now they must decide what they will do with,
such knowledge. In the sights to come, several people might
contict them wishingcobuy the tome or trade it for something
‘of reat value to the characters: Gorarrix would loveto possess

the tome, as would any Tsimuce or Tremere. The Sabbar
leadership would find che writings most useful, while pawns of
the Jyhud in the Camailla might seek to destroy it.

Wil the characcers sell tor beokér i for power? Will they
refuse? If they refuse, how will they keep the book safe from
discovery or theft? Do they want to wam other Kindred and
share what they've leamed! ‘Though most wall not believe
them, a few will. Eventually, should they survive, the chat
ters will stand upon the very brink of

decide whose side they will be on.

PROPHECY IN AMBER



Characters

Come, fools? throve yourselves at
tse. Sall export rrve int legions anid die by
the score Jamieterneal, inrroctal Jarn
invincible!

— Kord Guagen Con Werder, deceased

CHARACTERS


Heres
hts Son ofthe Dry

proented 1

er, tuner anklininey, ath dams
ny ef these chunicter desertion ate
format. ‘This is ineenciona, for 909
preventfullexprsinonses their Tr
roe who has what level of
shouldeome n

wreke

pe ubbrevines
sun Fist. poceconstrat
that's important, hen

character:

Thove who ist ful
to locate the appropriate cha
Traits they ecm

deri Rake applies If you don't like
ny presented hen

ASSAMITE
Karir AL Nama

family thar provided servanes to
lence and obedi

Jhange it oe throw ie cut

Background: Born inn
vs, Karif learned the val

Hy. As he went nbour his daily

picking up thele manner
saarote anal sword, He
ite named Wasien w

paghour the nigh inite play
ct boy, testing his reflexes, ételligens
termination. Atone poine the boy even
r the Cainite and wound hie sh
mw plead. Eniling the
Wasim took hum to Alamut.
sing pal him, Kei wil
Wasi

by capeunng the

ll-icale

ies Kaif ihflly served his cla,
theofbload

farndand eames their barharic tongs.
adheen tau thone
Europe with the Tus, dableriing

H test
invackd his home
in their blood susie that

TRANSYLVANUA CHRONICLES IL

nih the arroggince of thane

who wl the crus

the wake of the i
wit under turopean jackals. Ay

he turned his steps toward his home to defend it, he heard that
an secord had been reached. K ing

Of thowe slayers who did not agree that th

dhould bend thi
knee t qi

he Europeans. They sent him to the Convent

foal ea

Hedishuns Tu

nd in the rertane killer
Roleplaying Hints: You are filled with sn;
ok to subjugare you ance ngnin. So they h

Why do the o

as there is blood wit

Now they

mble, for your knife will ewisc in
rarshall remove their arrogant heads


Secrets: Kariffnoneved the atch planned on Silehesterand
at yeeret meeting plice nmangee by chose why plan to partic
pate. They shall met dere afterward to discuss furure plans,

Influence: Curent), none since he wsacting
Jan's wishes and is very fa foun home
Destinys ln nights to ©
Though hie will newer lead tse Black Hart, bi
termpes the ph
Chant As
Sire: Ws
Natures Director
Demeanoe: Fanatic
Generitios
Embrace: 717
Appacent Age: mul 20+
Sctength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Chrismas 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Intelligetice 4, Wis 4
s 3. Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,

Knowledges: Academies 2. Investigation 2, Linguistics (Arabic,
French, tellin, Geman) 3; Occult 3, Politics |

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 3, Fortinude 2, Obfwweate 4,
nce Ty Quietis 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Coneacts 2, Generation 4, Mentor 3
ress Conviction 3, SelfComeral §, Courage 4
Roails Bled 6

Willpower:

BrRUAH

Linky Kairos
Demeanor: Rebel
Embrace: (444

Apparent Age excl 20
A Greek merchanr, Lilika defied convention by gaining
arly © in. Lilika moved to Florence and married

un Itian merchant st 4 young awe, with whory she ant
fotedaliteas a devoted wife urd mother. When she miscari
her firscchil, t heame clear that Liltha could bear no more
hildren unless she wishes! to face death in doing so, Accord
ingly, she instead helped her husband in his busines unl his
death duetoplague. Asa young whlow she turned therunning
ofthe business over to a proxy and wsed her knowledge to
= Church.

search our wxts and relics of interest to

| oevd to one another through staring,

CAINITES AT
THORNS

The Cainites with why

nd intensct with arthe Conv

below. Onily tewace decaited in tall under their respec
tive clans. Storytellers sould feel tree Trait
needed to these Caunites, should they become alsalutely
necessiy in the course of the story. The Fou
‘Camantlaaredescrbed completely in The Last S
Book One of the Giovanni Chronicles

The Founbers oF THe CAMARILLA ARE:

Hardesead, Ventre

Adana de Sforsa, Beujahy

Miloy Petrenkov, Gangrel

Camilla Bares, Malleavian

Josef von Bouren, Nosferatv

Rafael de Corazon, Torealor

Misiress Fanchon, Treme
Tur Arcuons

Th ons for the Founders, the
four Kindred devailed below are nor undee Blood Oath t
their respective Justicars. Hounded by more pawertul
leamed of the power of the Blood Bond and apred to
«blood. Each
Atchon isunder the Blooxl Ot tn
withmthise

WE AlreHONs' Buoop Oars

Fader .

7 4

Gilkert dHarflewr Lila Kainin,
Venere 7 Baul

Jean Mane SH
Toreador

Orier Carnires ar THE CONVENTION

joke, Brujah ative
(Unmods, Mallaavian,

Durga Syn, Ravnios

Myen Vykos, Tetmisce

Maltheas, Ventrue


While on one
(Coinites for the frst
expedient solat
whoh

ich expedition, Lilika encountered
1 Brujah ws the

thrown to those

never te he fele when so cruelly sed and
determined she would never be helpless again. While her
Brujah blood calls to the rebel within her, she seeks to work

for moderate che than outright cebellion,

AANA DE SFORZA
Demeanor: Rebel

Embrace: 1093

Apparent Age: late 205

narrow blue eyes and sharp fe: Ac

na acts as some:
ny change — buc not
vy then adopt an opposing stance.
Throughout the convention, she speaks oucatadd moments,
soinetinves disrupting almost-agreed upon solutions, in order
co challenge her fellow Caunices' perceptions anal beliels

ELEANOR DE VALOIS

wator

Nature: In
Demeanors Judge
Embrace: (407
Apparent Age: mid 20s
An attractive young woman with long dork hair and
frank, appraising eves, Ele the childe of one of the
rilla, Adan de Sforza. Despice this
nor is trusted by the snarchs as a
an. A philosopher at hears
+ with the anatel position, but pei
ey that the Kindeed need the Camacilla's
pctective influence to keep them safe from destruction at

founders of the C
ose affiliation,
Eleanor ay

As the facili

or and chief spokesperson for the con
verition, Eleanor keenly feels her responsibility to keep the
meetings focused and to prevent the artendant Cainites from
lapsing into shouting matches or brawls. While polite, she
maintainsa cool feserve toward everyone at the convention,
leat she be wecused of playing favorites. Eleanor follows the
Road of Humanity and excels in etiquette. She speaks
French, Italian, German, English and Latin. Although her
best Discipline is Presence, she has impressive fighting skills
augmented by her Celerity and Potence. Her mastery of
Auspexallows herto look imothe hearts of ochersand make
accurate assessments of their intentions

TRANSYLVANUA CHRONICLES I

Parricta OF BOLINGBROKE,
TYLER'
‘6th generation Beujah antitribu, childe of Robin Leeland
Natuce: Rete}
Embrace: 138).
Apparent Age: unclear — late 20sfearly 30s
Among the peasants whe cove in support of English rebel
ve marched on London with the rebellion, assisted
in the murder of the archbishop of Canterbury, and helped force.
the king to answer to the peasants' demands. Captured « short
admired her revolutionary zeal, Robin Leeland, Embraces her.
Fleeing Enyland, she became ane of the prime leaders in
the anarch cause. Her successful attempt on: ad's
unlife helped trigger the Anarch Reve atricia discowered
thar drinking the blood of an Elder dt ically increased
bolsterthe anarchs and toassassinare Handestade the Yo r
who has set himself up as Hardestadt the Elder, lest odbers

think the Camarilla a paper tiger. For more information ot
ke (aka Tylee), see Children of the

fight,

her husband wis

shew

Patricia of Bolling
Inquisition and Chicago by

GANGREL

Tiperid, DieLomMar AND
MESSENGER

Background: As the personal messenger of the former
‘Council of Ashes — the corer elders that once ruled
"Transylvania — Tiberiu possessed u modicutn aluts OMRON
many of the secrets he was asked to carry to Cs
‘Trimisce who held him in thrall.
tal in carrying the plans of Trimisce elders from knewse 1
knezate. As the Fiends become more concemed with moral
politics, their Gangre! servunt not only becomes more useful
butalsodevelopsciplomanicskills Mitru, Marusca and Ruxandra
choice morsels of information. Ultimately, however, were itnot

his true loyalty would be t himself first

int Ratu, the

Tiberi often travels by coach, proudly commanding the
teatn of fell beasts that draw it. Closer examination of thete
mounts reveals that their muscular tistue has heen sculpted,
undoubtedly by Vieisitude. Most passengers don't realize dat
ye portions n bexies grafted ino thew
[hysiopnomy.Oncecath week. they are fed with vampire sae,
sningnifyingcheir strength and stamina toobscene proper


get ital, pale nd scarred. He looks
increasingly infumun,

h passing year. When he

i Unknown to Radu, Tiberi salt
with which they've tumed ¢
not surprive him. Still, ho o¢

revenge against those who would try 10 exp
alas h 0 speak with L

tisked his fe by traveling tothe Sep af the Night Sky in the
mithverna Carpathians
trades information with

i Transylvania

Destiny: One tight Radu wil learn of one of Tiber

indiscretions. He will grow f

servant's wery flesh, After Rudi

coped and hideous. He'll lear to fear

1.3, Manipulation 3,

Backgrounds: All

Willpower: 6

Mitov PeTRENKOV
Nature: B
Dem
Embrac

Apparent Age: mil 20:
Milo i

lim, dark young muan with

a hiful. Because he
speak, Milov's words carry

LASOMBRA

Lacrra

hethoughtat pn necandoftent

‘andfamaly
nly to be ca
father's eamtody, Rather than bother with

himself (as king, fe had berner things toh), All

we it héschwaghrer.T


s ry otal yeuneL cia

sagas gerd an mot
noe Th -coonbined with hisunboly
edthe bishop that her Embace wis warrabte
Alver walking with others of his clan, Meng de
Laon insivid
AfietherEmbrace, thon
was holy sd arvggled with Mongo
sivas with her moetal father, craving aut
ucita tw formia
covert Her speed snd natural
ly whittle down
to land a single blow upon her. When she combines het: martial
prowess with her trademark Lawombr control of darkness, dhe
{By the time of Dmcula's Ex

fire nde

ai th the
woul pray bene fom dhugh binh
srelatoonp wih herchin

juntas abe tad
master of martaly, bod overt anal
ace nid her in this endear ac

cm fi ingerfoesbefoee they mange

becomes a temb ny nde

anal Tuma chisky,claical tone t

here snip Moorish influence is her fe

tgb of a noblewoman rater than that of a wae (surpre
eferted MO), but these clothes an

rnc rathes than

hut faves eave cf rove iy presericablity

Roleplaying Hints: Your patrician hint and upbringing

the Camuriita, but you al

rratural nobility my

hp ct and negotiation, Your thirst f

iste by traveling to distant

force you iras anything yon don't do,

Haven: Wherever
Seerets: Luciea know

of Aragon She nh hears rum

sensibly m Exarem

ficedom Is best

Wy seenets pertaining to de cow
thersof her lan, She is

a a's wil; acta
ope tenact Mongads'swill in actualy

she fs aiding Anatole in one of hts endeavor
Influence! Lcita'sindh
and, by extension, the
Destiny: Lucita'
fvaling the Eastern A scamites in ferocity and rept
parch Revolt ens
abstain

anal the Sabbvat foe fom ievaides, Lucica

ne of the most fean
for World of Durknes

wet, becoming

serive tn the m

Clan: Lisombny
Sire: Ambrosio Lu
Nature: Rebel

igualation 2, Appearance 4
telligence 3, Wits 3
Alertness

Skille: Archery 3, Etiquette 3, Melee 4, Rade 2,
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom

(Erenel, Hungarian Politics 3S
Disciplines: Celerty 2
Backgrounds: Allic

dteencbeat
Contacts 3, In

Virrmes: Conscience 3, Sell
Roads

nino 3.

MALKAVIAN
CAMILLA BANE

6th generation Malkavian, child
Naturet Carerake
Demeanor: Tyrani(C
Embrace: 1063
Apparent Age: mid 30s

one sudan, the of
6thegeneration Malkavian is exceedingly tall, nnd
Hercyeschange betw

sity, Her sil level of As

ircamy vagucriess and ylittering inter

pes allows her access tobe

lipses
ue Fue gresk: of dae Moodbah to cone it
Silchester, yet she does so in such ne

impossible t

interpeet until the event itself transpires


CnMapa

1n Malkavian, ehilde of Bribina

us ve Bue mex hve mysterio 4 Cathay and
sut Europe. It i hy Unmoxd's urping thar the
violence aftheanarchs

aryl his chikle attend the

siChikleen of the Inquisition

Y HARBINGER

ie Pombethe

Snowe in the post to
lily calling ou tisnygels whom fe sees his fractured

The young Cainite has abs picked up apporciable skill with

Jshickl, which, when combines with hisimpressive array

makes him quite physically adept. Thove Cainite

isactionsare concemed that adéqmoportion:

tna lua she paretine of de

cateth ae isn't elling

sand petsasa strong nightarm to herasthey moved
ack Medhievil Europe. He husabo been seen with an ent
pits, monly believed to be

liablerises! might enter

muany odkers N
Teansylvania by N

NOosFE

against the Turks The

Deighe wath a stron
roughly handsome fa

RATU
Frperico of Papua

Background: An tuilian merceruiry, Federice fo

hemetandlbecame some

areal
Embrced

io Grilles Has


‘o underpuuding atid basic clothing when notin battle, This
is the image he awally projects when using his Obfusc
Discipline to create a normal face for himself. When in hi
naturol state as» Nosferatu, Federico ts hair
inelted candle wax,
Somewhat stooped, he hears pustulent sores onal pars at his
‘ovesteinain intelligent, amused and cynical
Ms however, Fadedico hati im
bly observing those around him.
L Loag before

sociery, you understood the difference

You ure nobody's fi

onandesthe
stand upto them ick dowen in the ae of tue
e Camis becanse stan the best
advseate enslavementortomurcofmortals. Youtemeraberall tox
sell your own treatment at the hands of your sire
Becanse of his penchant foe invisible investiga
doit, Federico kitows many secrets (and guesses many others)
ofthe Founders and mint Cainites he comes in coneact with
Ivislikely that Federico hasat least a passing knowledge of the
crets of any Kindred with whom he has been in contact for

onvietion, You igh

Arche tor Josef wor Bauret, Federico
fh a great deal of influence inthe new Canaria His views
make him a respected figure amar;
He hus almost no influence

Destiny: Federico survives Hacelileni (the Silchester
battle), going on to cultivate significant influence in the
Camarilla, Heeitablisheshimself firmly in the roleof Archon,

‘Cammarilt Justicars for centuries 10 6

inarchs. ay well, however,
on mortals

J: Josef won Bauren)
Judge
Demeanot: Su
Generation: 7
E
Apparent Ages early 30%
Physicals Screngsh 4, Dexterity 4
Charis
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence }, Wits 4
ts: Aleetniens 3, Athletics 3, Brawl, Dok
Subterfuge 3
chery 3, Melee 4, Ride 2, Stealth 5, Survival 3
Hearth Wisdom 2, Linguistics (French, Hur
2, Politics 3
Aniimalivm 1, Auspex 3, Obfuscate 4, Potence 2
Backgrounds: ( Montor 4, Resources 2, Sea
Virtues: Conscience 5; Self-Control # Courage 4
Road Humanity 6
Willpow
TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES

nina 4

. Manipulation 3, Appearance 0

5.tntimids

JosEF VON BaurEN

6th generation Nosferatu, sire unknown

Nature: Judge

Embrace: 1006

Apparent Age: varly 605

aller thar nine, and is covered with huge, suppuracing.
warts, Von Bauren's sixth level of Obfuscar ows him tohide
large inanimate objects. The Nosferatu tsnever hasry, weighing,
spected, for hespeaks only when be has something important to
say, he hates waste of any kind, be it gold, Kindred or kine. Von
Bourenisthy oat likely to interact with thecharacters

RauxANbRA, .
RdLER FROM THE SHADOWS

Sch generation, chile of Matusca
Nature: Celebrant
Demeanort Auteeme
Apparent Age: 17
Embrace: 1175
Inthe early Mth ceneury, Raxandea of Chin Nosferaty rove
to power within the city of Hermanstadt. Her ste,
ey roone ofthe greatese ihingsof a peice et
concemsoveruhelmherCainite obi
against anearby Teimece
‘bon and eventual plitical decline. As Marusca fll peey t
Tsimisce's scheme. her chile, Ruxandra, hecame the next pine
of the city. While Manica wanders the wovads of Transytea
contemplatingtherevelationsthiatahattcredher sanity,
‘env ecmmands more poner than her se ever tealied
(Clan Nosferatu often acty upon a time-honored belief re
sealing princes: The most visible Cainite
always its actual ruler. Both Manca and Rusunda epiteenied
this appeonch to leadership. tn the 11h century, Man
the radition of employing many minions tose:
the lands surrounding Hermanstadt. Several Nonfat 9
aided by armics of wolves and fats, kept her well nformed,
Rosandra had become accustomed ta leaching this coterie on ts
stealthiest missions of espionage. Thus. when the yi the
reall poter tose 1) asanne her place

ounader

aruscis, fell
her pemonal

ons. A lengthy vendetra

» Manusen'ssesdction, abc

vind
a domain not

{i the meantime, the Saxon Veninus believed that they wee
stlleherghtalrulersctheDoxtainof Hemumweak, Afterall, S990
nesta ad ony the city dhs hey then cx
fing that a Saxon Ventruc shoudl nie i la fetal oxremeny
tefore ene of the Ventne of the Holy Reman Empire, Puerickn
appointed the ecy's new pete. Onto the Just was one ofthe most
succeil ofthe Eterm Lats ane the Holy Roan Vers wen
ambitions akerably tr 14%,
 rexnary, Herat

(Orn eum conto! of the don


Otto was convinced of his glorious destiny as ansurelly as
hhe way of hig birthright. Exhibiting the
wouk! become so popular among Veritue princes in the
Camarilla centuries later, he ako stoiined the Kits of the
Hood. Almast immestiaeely, Orta assumed a mortal
then falsified evidence of his relation to the
urrent mortal bungrave of the city

ye egomuania that

penana

Riweandnecared Ime forthe acquisition of power tn mortal
society, ond the Trimisce of neighboring doma
exced 1a Orto's demands. They frequently traveled in secret,
through the neighboring trsas, Ruxandra recesved constant
upskaes irysromberspies By rocogrizrigthe hklen
princes within her domain, she xeon found diplomatic alliances
with the Fiends to be tar more profitable than Otto ever woul

of te Teimisce

s never ac

Ruxa esoveteign
insceal offering wainst the Saxon Ve
dhteat. When packs of Nosferatu and Teitnlace work
gether eo ahduer Oxtothe Just, Ruzar

ceremony of her own. ‘The Ventrue wis

sembly of Retnantan Cainitest6 pay or his ce'
Ono lost fice tet more ways than ane
Roxandra used her newly fe
his face from his sk

ZELIOS,
Tue Master Mason

nd powers of Vieisitule to rend
and graft it onto her own.

Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Innovator
Embrace: 1020
Apparent Age:

Zelion va

arly 305
jor of the science of architecture. Over the
d the constetion of the greatest
aginecring. By subel o
neers who design these edifices,
eds and esthetics of che local Cxinites. Hidden
passageways, secret raoms, and chambers inaccessible to mor-

stitute just one part of his designs.

With a few choice words, he can eritique a competent archi

rectural design, suggesting twprovements to transform tt into

namaitiepiien. Beerrally

the kingdoms of Eastern
rer the havens of the mont powerful Cainites

Architeccure alone inspires him. Great age has reduced his

asm for all other aspeets of unlife

13t;Ie fe tev

Hisinsights often come in beef visions, sometimes during
‘mathematical reverie. For centuries he has struggled to uncle
ul the tive significance of these revelations. His travels

the temples of Egy
have shown him glimpses of ruth, Zee has an intuitive grasp
of goorantic principles. CMter, the sug

wl dhe citi

ions he axlvances

improve a design channel ua sites, remforeing be
imasterworks by dra y lines. He dare oe
explain this to Westemets, however. Many Cainites want the
atarus of living in an estate or fortes tedesign
mason, They don't give a damn abou how he does

Zelunbelievesthatdevoringhivunlferothe cornu pursuit
cof his ea is the bes ethical choice he cans
CCaine'scae Lire oesheknow thatch project ato ager
desig, ene tharis noc of hisown choosung. Under the tflucnce st
aNogeraty Methuselah, Zclioshasplace everacatlvacthe next
of prweril ley lines, connecting ther sat gr

actas glyph of warding... oe possibly ane of summoning

RAVNOs
Darca Syn

6th generation Ravrios, chile

by them

ke alter receiving

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Survivor

Embrace: Linknown, sometime aroured 200

Appacent Ages unclear, ut times lave 70.
A young priestess of the Mother Gi

foaghe aging the iad excesses

with uglinessand the sembb

ut other mid 205
ws, Dy
ny wha cursed her

rests the hug and! worked to undo the havo she wreaked in
wounded by Christian
n Baba Yau‘ atten to Ean

Ravnos, who took her into
imag fade from the world, the hag went
, Durga Syn his sought toact asa mectiatoraoryg aie,
ing the newly forming Cunanilla discover what its goak

by Russia
i clan inwtead. Eventually, as

ro turpart. Since that

be, while also counseling sniarchs inv
a Syn eventually be
comes counselor to Vlad Dracula; her advice Jeady the
‘Wallochian mu ek independence when becominyy a
vampire. Mote information on Durga Syn cin be found tn
Children of the Inquisition «sid the Giovanni Chronicles,

TOREADOR

Furuer Jean-Marc
D'HARFLEUR

Tih generation,
Nature: Penieent
Demeanor: Judge
Embrace: 1444
Apparent Age: early 205
Invmany ways the heart of the Arche group. jeaty- Maire
onceserved asa papal legate. A woman
and fine things, the handsoene youryy priest (seen

theit rebellion

oa an

CHARACTERS


nt French noble) sought his own advancement rathe

his yewvice to Christ and his flock. With his black ha

and starting blue-green eyes, Jean-Marc seemed certain to
advance
Whi

€ 0 sadistic Toreador. Torturing the young
of his greacest joys the Toevad
hed and twoke Jean-Marc's hanudsso tharhe coukd nor play,
once him to try playing through the agony. When his
Mare gained a new underscanding of
land comfort, Through
sxnce J Marc discovered his
fund True Faith. With the
Mf hiscousin, why had alu fallen prey to.aC
Mare escipedt his sire

raced hi

ud soon thereat

ite, Jean

ut heart, Jean-Marc ts often a voice at
rewcn andl a proponent
he and his

cooperation among Kindred, Boal
usin Gilbert strongly fee! ir their duty eo act as
ors of bumnankind,

;
RarAgL bE CoRAZON

Sth jenwerition Toteador, childe of Callistt ¢ Callisto
Nature: Survive
Demeanor: Gullane
Embrace: 1389
Apparent Age: mid 201
‘Goegeous beyond belief (Appeamance 7), thieSth jen
‘io Toreaclor hia mellflaous voice to mateh his looks. Witty
eloquent, de Corazon is cesited with being the oeigin
cof the Masquerade. He uses his looks ta sway oeher tobi pownt
breaueiful person or chinwitiany/ setting. During the Conventions
€ Thorns, de Corazon makesan impassioned specct in five of
adopting the Masquecade, a suggestion that becomes ene ofthe

FATHER SAMUEL

penennion Toreador, childe of Herodians

Nature: Caretaker

Demeanor: Autoctat

Embrace: 1333

Apparent Age:
Abbot of th

Sourhamptoe,

Ad 40s
bbey of the Sacted Crown and Prince of
ther Samuel is a. meditat addor who
19 simplicity. Samuel has surrounded himself
with acoterie of fanatically devoted monks
cry —aa well asagmall army ofsoldiersto pe
ns power and influence in ¢
mat and hisabbey asa
sites. He hay allied hunvelf wath
in England and hopes thar this will
m avoid acquiting enemies in either vampiric or
thurch ciretes,

firs bes
shouled retain:

hor Cainite prince

Seanuet isa all gaunt san whoappeaesto bea hisited0

His pallor accentuates the ascetic features ofhisince—thin ipa,

piercing black eyesand high cheekbones. Hisdark hair isscoled

ark-brown robes secured bya

rope belt: Despite hts dcbberately understated appest-

anvel's fine bones and anstosratic bearing gre him a

isclonhinygis suited wrt

ae of raided sands of fine linen

Realtcing thac England isneutra ceritory, ther Samuel

steve his monastery as the site for holding the Convention
igh he hopes hac the Cat

his role in maineaitung the seeeet nacure of the conclave anal
acting asa father confessor for the delegates (should they wish

e confrontations. In the wake of the slaves when the
proto-s hterthe peopleofSilchester, Father Samuel
Geely tat he fled ny his duties, Blaming Iimself for the
bloodbath, Samuel leaves the monastery and disippeaty. Ne

ARIANNE, POLITICAL
CHAMELEON

7th generation, ehilkle of Oliver
Nature: Loner
Embrace: 1120
Apparent Age: carly 20%
In pores, seundal ts the ddl

much of Westen Europe, she ecume «
regular guest at many functions 4n Eastern Europe av wel
Never staying in one court for Tong, she did all she could to
bring he loeal Cainites' aidan if eiviliy up to acceptable
levels. Her groarest weaeness, however, was faxcinathon with
noble amusement to bring suffering to her paramours

re. She twisted the

The 13th nile ef courtly love tells us that it man in Hove
ceaty litle and sleeps little; when Arianne ecttrols him he
y. She oftery dominates morral.as puppets in her
romantic dramas, amusityg herself by watching thier lives elf
destruct. Set in lave fills her with roi
budding romance justifies her jaded urritudes

cearnedl hes a host of enemies, het valuable ins
people she has destroyed have abo brought her muy allies
hungry for the information,

salfrs pres

fn recent years, these contacts have omanged for her

invitations to the many gatherings of the fledgling Camarilla.

She ean easily drift into any peivate function by hangin on
ann of an influential, vain om lonely courtier, mate

fomale. For same reason, many politicians consider the aries
of Clan Toreador as litle inore than decoration for their


Tas 5p
frinking tetnhers of
plans eo use teas pate of h

TREMER

SCE
Myca Vykos/SascHa


oof the call
Sascha Vykos in ho
falls fighting the C

the Sabbat. He changes h

ame to o€ of a comrade-in-arms who

Amageste nal" chosen form (theone in whichhe
first interacts with the characters), Myca bud a dusky African
shin to large hieleyes. His face seemed
Hl planes and shadows, vith his high cheekbones his 1

anid sins be had
pointed, painted fingernails. f

sake of the finest Byzantis

Aor lack hate
he affected robes and
cultured

y (enhanced by
vention of Them, Sascha iy
nghiswicked Vi
1 angel of death
nid have spent much of your time building alliances and
spyiig out others' secrets. Denied a pluce iny your own
spent Jong yeats an Constantinaple mursing

lis manner pleasant. Such was his be

ndrogynnnus aspect, ref
sy himself into a best

Jeamnd shap.

Roleplaying Hints:

vances most of your aequaletances
er heat, You lave bided your tinve, bat

hhas arrived when you cnn bared together with others
wetthrow the hared elders. Let them ho

snvoeation: youaes here to show themwha their posturing

fs worth after the talkin
Destinys "Myca" Vykon
on of Thoms, "Sascha'

the Convens
Vykos escapes the Camarilla
+ anal Join, the nimcent
mporrant Priscus

tut, becomanyg

Embrace: 1002

Apparent Ages mil 204

Physicals Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamin

Social: Charistna 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting?, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Beawl4, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Intrigue 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 2, Briquette 2
3, Music 2, Ride 3, Stealth 2, Survival 2

demics 4, Hearth Wisdom 2, History 3,
sties(Cincek, Hungarian, French,

Herbalism 1

win 2, Auspex 3, Celeriry 2; Dominate 3,
ice 2, Vieiiaitade 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacty 3, Resources 4, Retainers 1

v eviction 4, Self.Contral 3, Coueage 4

Roads Bones7

Willpower: §

TRANSYLVANUL CHRONICLES IL

ZIMISCE

Count Rabu oF Bistritz,
FALLEN PRINCE

‘Tah generation, childe of Visya

Embrace: 1125
Apparent Age: mx! 30s
The feudal ways of Clan Tzimisce are becoming thingot
the past. Eller keri are swarmed by packs of ambitious
te Fiends Tsimisce, Nosferatu and Gungeel chikler now
itribu packs. Their alliances are strengthen
munal bonds of blood, the
Kupala's Night, especially the rite of Vauldeti, and perverted
chem inti a method of enforcing pack loyalty. Even Radu hn
fallen before these ambitious crusaders, retreat
year-old fortress in the Tibutt Pass

Hy com
We taken the traditions of

Nonetheless, the'Teimisee have triumphed in other entess
con, To combat the growing political power of the Ventiuc in
Easter Europe, elder Fiera have beec wit
theic attempts to manipulate mortal politic deol his
the stmengthening of ties berween the three Romanian empires
Transylvania, Moldaviaand Wallachia Mortal rulershave leaen
rokneet befere the unquestioned mutters of the night in
Europe. Defying the Silence of Bloc, ker iw hold
‘with the mormal miler they have gre for penton of power
Radu knows that he eannot leave the satey of his eres,
but dhtough his messenger, Tiberi he ean still rl
sng long walksalong the p
cemplates the political tun
tind Moldavia, He also oc
g through the streets
the city he once controlled. Civility has dulled his
instincts, buc he still believes that intelleet and cuning can
help hien subjeyote the hestal and depraved

VENTRUE
GILBERT D'HARFLEUR

Tth generation, childe of Lady Justania
Nature: Defe
Demeanor: Def
Embeace: 1444
Apparent Age: 18
Bom into one of the Temp
ighes Te

light, he co
Hungory, Wallach

families (nobles from whoun
ove), Gilbert was destined 19
ana feral

‘emplar cause, though the oder
Jha keen disbanded and its reputation blackened years before


Painfully Embraced by an arrogant Ventrvencblewoman
whese J, Gillure's frst righ life Were
pent battling for his own existence and that of his cousin
Jean-Marc and dhetr sworn

vor he spurn

Like Jean- Mare, Gilbert isconcerned with pee

1 permanently harming mortals

thio Embrace and the anyer and frustration he felt during it. He
doteride his eompanions with equal seal

from abusin

Since becominya Calnite, Gilbert hasmade contact with
the remnants of the Templars and enncerned hitelf with
scaring both treasures nel artworks

4 Cappadocian he

Emibrnced, the

Mtotheirlegendiary
helpeet hie when Giller was: newly
vrble Veritruc hws alo arranged for the build:
Ang, and matenance of Wn

emaining Cappetecians hide fox

they have taught him some of whae they know about the world
of the dead.

Soved én hatthe against the Turks hy Federico white
still mortal Gilbert sill defersto theolder soldier's wisdem
and instincts, bur otherwise usually gets as the spokesman
for the group

Matrueas OMeTHUsELAK
MONITOR OF THE INCONNU)

Sek veneration Ventre, chile of Veddarthis
Natarer Innovator
Demean
Embrace: 554
Apparent Aye: mic 305
With his small framie, dark ¢

sand almond shaped eyes,
Maltheas hardly lonks like a Methuselah. Dressed ins the aise

arent German fashions, he his come to the Conv

Thorns to oversee wh

tion of
pets for de Incenta. Supporsilly
Livenced Frim the Jyhed, Maltheas plays a secret game of
mnipulating many ofthe Cainites of Easter Europe
as hus unwitting pieces. His ultimaue aan isto bring dowen the
Tzimivee and open Eastern Europe to his own control. He nets
the jit of the wide-eyed teonate while attending the conv
ation, the berterte ger te kaw someaf these who may end up
being his paves (or ever his rocks and knights). While he
vill stahikce relaionsamongt
-epa hand in with the anarch fc
mease he ever needs to use them. He may scezetly dist either
ocboth actions butnet inany way tht stracesbleback toh

HARDESTADT "THE ELDER"
Sth generation Ventrue, childe of Hordestadr the Elder
Demeanor
Embrace: 119!

woul like tosee the Ca

Forno heals warits to

Autocrat

Hardkstadt all, strapping nan with dark airand interve
eyes. Amegant 10 the core, Hardestadt believes that respect
should be accorded wy thore of grenter station, Of course, few can
rivalhisexaltedstati
toyattain what he

Heuses hluscer und his overpowering will
int. Initially thunderounly indymant over the
anarchs daring and scathingly dismisive of humane,
realizes at the Convention of Thoms
eceets 1 opinion onuote harwnensy
among the membersof the newly bom Camarila,

Oe hisisalla nae. Paricia of Bollingbeoke led aseall
forev of anarchs agai Hardest in te-lae- deh centy
billing Hlanlesta the Elder m tie pmcess. The fallen Verere's
favored child, Hardestadt the Younger, knew that swith thus
dreadful nur of events, all cf his ste's work was tn jeopardy

With prim resolve, Handestadt the Younger assumed his
sire's visage through his mastery of Presence, Hecontinut the
Elder's agenda, puss us if nuthing bad
ever happened. Obvi 1s leery of "Hardestade
re-emengence in the Chisute world, bur the hat played it

until this point.

Nova Apap,
DIPLOMAT TO THE TREMERE
‘7th generation, childe of Gr
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Curmudgeon
Eabracr: 1050
Apparent Age: early 1s

Although corrupt and selfish, Nova ts still loyal to her clan.
‘Centuries ugo, se had hoped to subjugate the warupirte lords of
Transylvania for the needs of the Eastern Lond Ventrue. That
epic scheme has failed utrerly, and few of the Tr

deve
athe must verge hi
smevwhiat |r oer

Gainites rst her. Desperation lus driven her to flee 10 Ceoris,
where allies of rhe Eastern Lats fthfully aid Clan Tremere
The Ventnoand the Tremere, thus, have icomtorienetn
(han Teimisce. Nova has hecorne a mnthpiece for many of the
Easter Lords, diplomatically speaking om behalf of her clan, OF
‘course, she realizes that her clan now con
forifthe Tremere ally wanted todestray
Thena

rsber expendable
freewill,theycould
in, no ane nomth of the Carpathians trusts her anyway
‘it unlikely that she would be a useful pawn,

Dracula: ENIGMA
VLAD THE IMPALER

Background: Curiously enough one ofthe most prom
nent figures in the vampiric history of Transylvania wasn't a
vampice ata. Though praised for his defense of the kingdom
of Wallachia, he was also condemned for atrocities that fat
exceeded those of the Tmnsylvanian Cainitex. After learning

of the existence of vat a rural Inquist


sistence of th
ds of how his
ed by a mysterious
ous Dunes Syn, a
syed information abwuat the Wallachian
keingsdoon, Though th

fins suspected
youth, He had heard

lid che Dragon, had been adh
(the night. That
Raynoawhol

mp his

moonlight
broth
lan of the
urkish held terrizory, the
an Mural. After the

d und his younge Radu
wily th

ire. Deep wi

agom swat betrayed and capeured by Si
ions were tal the Dragon was forced under

woarcathsofl

alty eothe Ortoman Empire. His two

aves in the city off in Egrione. Years of

ive yourg Vlad an oppor

fron later began his stuxles in the
Betiee le
4 Arabic vat
Jest vchermes

saw evidence of a sinister conspieacyza

ciety ines thot covertly influenced many
Detoxnan Empiee

fiwoe with the sultan, whe decided

nan crusade against Wallachia. After f
Nal I

Tan, He fled

he aid of P

davia, where
nee Steven of

TRANSYLVANUL CHRONICLES I

Moldavia, he
Tear lvania.

ane toconquet Wallachia snd son

restial meth is thority and ene eironyl feat

Within a few months; Vlad the Impaler found out tl
us cht

Kn great Eastert

veal boyars had conspired uguinst und mustdéte
borely therenfter hy
inthe Poenan hills. When the citiensot rh

aler's rocpssurrounids

brother, Mircea,

ins. For weeks, they were forced 40 butld hs fore
zane by stone, even as their aster clothes were ttn tosh
This became the site of the ur Castle Argh

Vlad late ceddown,
He summoned the keel by

found that his brother had been Put

test thet layaley. Wher

snswers were not to his

nasadeh
fore wh

themoerrewsc
the practi

dipping his food in their blood to serengghien h

erthe linpaler:
nsclt
After seeuringhis power in the Transyl

Am
ing everywhere for sig o lee
wielded mote power than he did. Hee
to find the myste
finally found ¢
Datiesti i
the unde:

and Fagaras, he became increasingly paranoid, sem

all. Wh

fom

idence that two of his enem
nobles h
he spared no effort to hunt her
Danesti u
ll

After eapeurinycome of th
and his nen bound their av
ered information om the Tea

nmian undead, V
tmmediately staked his victim and slowly deaited lum of b
blood. When the In
hhe drank gave him increshb

ler feasted this time, however, the

strength jn stamin.

Despite the true reasoas behind this venderti ag
TI, Vlad justified
security of bis 1
and Jano Hunyadt, his nilizar
the Turkish forces sub
thiewaliane

Within the year
rat, lod ae
Wallachia. Be

memb

tack to the very. ga

the Hy

het borde
ingsouth
paige, Reenaniat Vladasaher
diving the Ottoman serie

Constantinople, Unfortunate! asian king. ev

ally withdrew

fully falling tothe waters
to Transylvanis, where was
Hoe 12

Vins fume
infamy

iampris

inquisition throughout Europe, but
few Teinaisce


‘Wien sore of lus butchery were etokl in the Geemanies, th
Yiolenr Drnculesti noble became a legend, Before long, his
was whispered in fear throughout the Holy Roman Empire. From
these stories, the legendary: vampyre Dracula was bom,

Amore thorouph treatment of Vlad the Impoler'slifecan
bbe found ia the Appendix.

Trnages Vlad he
defender of the: De

asa noble of the Basaraly ine andl
dynanty te quite evident. His dae
feet eyes ate penecratin, instantly searching for flaws tn
those who invoke his disdain. His cheeks are saghtly emac:
sted, and the deep shadows under his eyes suggest great
concer: A long now: callow skit, long dark haie and tightly
set lipscomplete theimaye. Asn whole, the appearance ts both
nd distant, butundeniably noble ind chatismatic
Roleplaying Hints: You ine thes an mera

erie proportions, You

Iupetie

alway> attempe
position of sttenygh, demonstrating your authoeiey as
futerler thre ocities. You ire the "cu
fox" thar Machiavelli describes wo well tt The P

quick wit, and you possess best

Secrets: Few know of Visd Tepes' proficiency with: the
cceult, Hehas begun research intathe ntes of ald sorcery, but
to abo intrigued by legends of the Tremere magi: He has heard
talesed theo Kupeala chovgh be would dare notrepear thm.
Ais reputation asthe tyme of Wallach

nthe authority co rule through fee Mis infamy elicits anan ie
ity fren some Fiends, but often gins pense from their enemies

Destiny: Vid everiually received the Inatriction OF

ich and Count Radu. For yeats, his thirst for

se would allow hitn ¢o live on as ghoul, though he was
curiously imumune-o the Blood Qutb. Yeary later, he esti
‘Castle Atghes: From there, he sought out
victim who could grant hint the Embree

‘When the Methuselah Lambich sent Sabb spy ti
watch over Vlod, he enacted a scheme to exploit them bath

lished a haven

‘Within few nights, Vlad has
ur also dishter

notonly received the Embrace,
Lambeh's pack leader.

Dracula thet retre
Enlisting Cou

fed w Burkau Castle, near Bist
id, he forced the Teimisce anarchy
on After convinciny
of Vaulderie with him, he led them on
Tranwylvania. His fir
nominal unity for the Ts
ing him to bee
Tranwylvantan Sab
(Clans: Vlada 14310 1474che lives asi ghia fom
1474 t0 1495; he is finally Exmbraced by Clan Trimiyee in 1495
2 Lambacks

tnsosuben

sorta

Nature: Viskonaty

Demeanor: Tysant

Generation: 5h

Embrace: 1495

Apparent Age: After 18 years of drinking Cainice bloc, he i

483 years old at the time of his Embrace

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Sociale Ch

pearance 3

Mental: Perceptian 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness

Leadership +

Skills: Etiquette 5, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Ride 3, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Academics 3, Heurth Wislom 1, Investigation 1

Law, Linygusties 4, Occult §, Potivics 4, Series J

Disciplines: fn late 1495, Vind hegins with Auspex 2. Dink

nate 3, Fortitude 2, Potence 2 and Viciwitude 1. He abso

Posceweseloimenraryknavwledge of kaldun xnvety. Thiscluty
‘of months

Backgrounds: Allics 3, Contacts 5, Influence 4, Mentor 1

Resources 3, Status 4

sna 4, Manipolation (Machiavellian) 5, Ap

enw 2, Dodge 2, Subterfage 5

4 Ine
wisted version, hence the diferent Vierues)

Virtues: Convict
Road: Chivalry (
Willpower: 9

et 4. Conrage 5

CHARACTERS



\

N

v,

3

'¢,
te,

for ray mind misgives,

Sore consequence net bangina in the stavs,
Shall bitteety begirs bis fevatd tate

With this night's revels

But Oe, that hath the steerage of remy couse
Divect ry saill

— Willian Shakespeave, Korrieo arid Adiet


Jo Book One of the Transylvania Chronicles, Dark
Jes Rising. we outlined some ideas for tuning an epic
chro that yuine several hundred years. Some of the
information give
expand upon. Also covered nte suggestions
ration andor experience points to flesh o
‘off Flaws, ara gain new Merits

INTERLUDES

Juve as Stor

thar eran

here isprescnted here facconveniencteor

characters, buy

ilery use preludes to summarize ©
hofore the chronicle hegine. they ma
ve interludes, events that occur between stories. Inter

Jes add versatitity to w chronicle like this one, asa long
time passes between dlifferene parts of the story
ample. the fire etary' thie hook occurs in 1472, the
second ity 1493 und the thied in 1500. While the seven
yeary between the last two adventures isn't very long, the

jear siretch between the first two constitutes a signd

30 year
ni de

for a vampite: much ean
Entire generations of mortals are horn
that time, nations rise und fall, new philoso

J social customs change. [deals

30-year spa.

Take for example the cre that occurred amen the
hy merchants for multi-colored tulips

istnerey and we
during the 18th

Individuals spene fortunes
1 bull; famities paid bribes in tulip
bulb al preferences and favars painters were obliged
to depict the parti-colored flowers in theit portraits of the
spent seven years' profits on something us ephemeral as
flower bulls (which «

killed by overwater

isud us ceetine. Afeer speculators
Joe fail to grow in foreign soll or be
ended. This
pss lowes while

m yawned with boredom und looked for new
centertairunent

ne early frost), the er
W handful of wor

Clearly, if troupe does not wish to play ehrowgh mach
a the intervening period (called downtime) between the
planned stories —

play every night of
method of deter
-ns 1 the characters during thar interval

Dark Tides Rising. se ds of handling interludes
exist. Players may use blue-hooking (a method in which,
hemes their characters plan to undertake.
ich the Storyteller

wuccessful) or the Storyteller may
oniive w capture scene (one that takes the character out of

for ab

As chetatec bs

players write u
then get toget letermine if they
actually occurred or were
we pict

ned shortly before the next

Maturation points and Fortune Paths represent ather waysof
handling interludes

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONIC

Wuar Time ts 11?
weral allsions 0 time tum wp in this chape
Here's hac each rerengi meng

Gate Tine!

Gane sins) these tha ytses in phe eon ex ol
the sate the wring be nlaving. HE the coterie
artadiarbegtsdune ng your vaxne session's ll
happening tn game cme

Downtime

Diovgsititae tk thir time borown str tollins vos
sions, Shien Je 1s assumed thi chamfer ace doin
somedhiing Blue booking, below, isan excellent way of
hana lotcine he player yo etilly portmy
tog hisyhabicter ot the tab, Bac thas eharsceot
noneth gles Afi" and willhave adxemplisted sone
thing before"heicx session

Real Time

Real time ifthe pkafesime sper sovay from thie
vtorytelling session. Real ce when that whoke life
thing tv addressed

MAaruraTION AND
EXPERIEN

Storytellers (or players) may wish to dispense with deter.
jentaand turn instead to maturation points
present imal expericrice awards made to

the characters for surviving through the interval between

stories thut muy be w certury oe wove upast. They
tenceexperience points' rcher than earneclexpesience pu
given for etually playing thtough stories; they at, there
fess generous than what a charocter might acs
ronths of play, Then again they're fee. The character didn't
really earn them; they were ust warded hecauss the ch
presumably survived and gnined wisdom or craft. Players of
by sinaply

ty method of improvement) b
ce. This tepresents the static nature of
va well av the fact dt the characters not actively
secking to improve herself, Obviously, this experivnce ystems
lends iself ro quick-and-ditry i there's rit mux
depth invalved with "You mans Whidden from the
<anttribu for another decade by cowering it your castle."

mes pe
sively more expe

Maturation points are awarded for «very period ot ex
tended downtime thus
Years of Downtime Maturation Points
10-100 Las
101-250 16-25
251-500 26-40


STORY TELUNG THE CHRON


Fortune Patus
Buckysound dots are relarively cep because the advanitagss
they cone dont neces yer kg In | ‘br »
1493, there's guarantre char dhe contact won't fave die, toe
destroyed, come tohatethecharacterorstmply dsarpeaccd Havens
muy succumb 10 the Block Plague. Abou the only: ealy able
Baickgmund és Generation, but it alo a sac one. A vangae
‘eannot lower her generation using experience points after the
When things may change peecipitesty almost ovemishe in a
short-term carnyaign, it becomes thar much hard foe characters
involved in an epic chronicle to keep any stability naan them
5 ay wo nak Long changes ta thetr weal. Using
sytem detailed Kelow does not guarantee that a eharncter will
Improve his fortunes. Rather, itt atoll in which the character
leaves iste tichace. helo wll, that's what hoppens wher
yet ose an abitrry chur rather han roleplaying out scene
Sowhy mkea chance! Fiat, i fastanu-loose methea! for
sky does thatacmne playets believe wal
sweptluvaath
sperience the woeldalitle mere personally (sparking newehance
cries) Rolingonthetablesmayalsogive playersor Story
sfornewstoriesthat explain why cert things happened. The
cry eal to aldiioru omen oF provide a race: fr how the
Fhiracterspendshisinterlude—and consequently, what Trash
Aside from all of tha, it provides a method to wean playes
say from always speruhng thes expenence points ot going
greater posse (I want Celerity Sand Thatnacungy 4! Who cates
about being able tori a hors) at the expense of creating mont
well-wunded and believable penienas. Win or lose through the
Fortune Pauls, cach change provides the oppottunity for

coleplayuagand deeper exploration of the character' persanality

The System

Here's how the system works: For each 50 yenes that pass,

he can roll on three tables. Furthermore, Taker sin any die
improve his chances of improving bis Bacl

want to achieve a losing toll in onder to simulate somet
they'd like to sce happen in their ongoing story, they are free to


the oll indicatesthar hangs simply don't change. Thae's both
goed nd bad. It wean the churacter doesn't lose anythine
(keeping his teu le), but heals gains nothing
now Lon' be discouraged by this esult, Sometimes the tact
thar nothing changes can inspire is own story. ("Why a
thingeso stagnant arcunl here! I's. ifsome malevolent force
was keep fuse the way it wats then")
"The Fortune Poths delineates in Dark Tides Ri
the paths into three headings, show
slsater, For gave considerations, that
hhere- Pees. fvou'recleverenoush toh
you ne cleyorenenuh to justify gsiningadoc of Herd, aren't yo

ing split
onale; result and
th bs ot repeat

‘uevtelling ame

Those wishiny todos may create th
both good luck and tad; Storytellers nee xo jursp-start their
ations on thar ccare, thoy n

{ movrely comeult Dark
nything to out of date forthe time perio may
te replaced bya moe ups toydate version (Le. int
1 ght iow he youran
ppnoene wh
Atty contr
cut of whack

vver best suits your chronicle. Further; as

‘s:commion sense ve that woukl thre your story
Finally, youshould decide (ifyouhaven'tulresdy whether
Background Tras inay exceed 5. Before rollingon the rabl
the Storyteller must decide what the accepted maxitnuam will
be for the characters in her game. Elder characcets and
Storytollurchamcuonaflowergensration ave bven known te
have Rackyround yeores ap high as 10 (especially if they are
huselalys). More information on Brackground
ound in Elysium,
nite sand dveters 6

Inconnu
scores abave
Tho'rationale
to the 15th vennury, C

can be

inane past ss date

shvadd maddy thie natures vo teflect the changing ties, Mane

Ingermation for changing Foreune Paths dovough time wall
suse is Traneylvanis Chronicles Ills I Omens

ALES

1-2, Disaster: Lose

ne Ally
3.5: No change
Ally
tw Allies,

Contacts

6.9: Gain one Contact

HERD
1-2: Disuster: Lose ene point of Head
3.4: Bo charge
54: point of He
8-10; Gain ews poines of He

INELGENCE

1-2; Dhunster: Lose one point of Influence: Mf you hil no

Influence to lose, your now h nce. Mortal

cn fearandavend you.
toll on dis tbl

3-5: No change: Ifyou bul

6-9: Gain one point

ve Influence speciatiz

vegative Inf
rnscitutionsin your area either ye
Influence 10 0.ot yreater, yo
‘or greater when you ne:

» lufluenice before, you stil

Influence. Rolla 1O-sled
chart below
neytelle's permission) chowne whit ate

or {with the
compe
10: Gain nwa poinrsct Influence. Gowrhe Special
chats for Lnfluence below and roll a 10
the kame pall ewive, you hax

ded die twice

2 points of nly

at oncarea. Orberwise; you haves poine of haluctice dG
es. With the Storytellers perms

choose what area you want your character

ws instead.

erers an You thay

Influence

Influence Specialization Chart
Roll a 10-sided die for each point of Influence gained.
1 Aristocratir ¥
actions with nobles, per
nection gains You access t6 the
yal) somal ser bernyt us yout remain in fa
lose lands, titles ot privileges granted by the mortal w

Influence comes through your inter

2. Church: Your Influence stems froin your interact
with the Church. You may conerol important clergy or endow
monasteries, and that involvement may protect you partial
from the srutiny of the Inquisition

3 Natural Resource: Your Influence stems fin your
control aversemethiog, This might he asteategic kecy
to the local water supply, mining unter

foo e other natural resnurce. Whatever 118 thar you
conn
sters,ete:) and you
d you through this contsol

4 Fashion: Whether in the demesne of ae
ing. art. music, dance of sculpe
people weir and admire. You may net as pattor tor prom

1s 0¢ metely follow the trend white wppe
fromt leading. Youradvice xalwaysaskes: you

your tastes influence

people
5 Mercantile: Your Influénce encompiisestralers ter

i ft may extend co banking interest
nna resources, you van usually guin access

pryour company. You always know the lates trends

toreatonable leansorfine goonte. New from ft
chants ard you my)

even be ab
cebe gets a loan

you through traveling n
todetermine wh

6 Military: You have fnflucace wece the silitaey.&
the soldiers who defend the area are raised and supported

through your levies or youu may swity


ease, youLan count on thelial

rypand may beable toiniluence when
and where — aud possibly even whom — they fight

7 Political: You are able to influence others in the

political dealings You may be the spokestnan (or contral the

an) of coun of barons or woods or represent the

intorests of guilds, Secretly, you may be a leader in peasant

sce. youlkinow the latest wandatsand whispe

uf might be able 10 ansmaate

omen socially by skewering her fepucition among, your

reputation You

sndeteradiy

‘out fnfluence stems ftom your personal
ight be known asa grear scholar, powerful
an innovative arist ora canny diploroat; Whatever
ates youexcel in, the mortaleof the area know your reputation
and tom co you for advice — even outside your field of

9 Academic: You help fund or maintain enrrespondence
with scholars at colleges nd universities. You may influence
develsping philoseyies, introduce new theories or preserve
okd knowledge you don't want wo see lont. You hiave access to
the latest thinking among scholars and to leamed tomes and

10 Choose oine of formulate another

Mentor
3: No Change
69 Gain oe poine in Mentor. (If yon already had

Mentor.either you've gained anew Menroror youroldone has
inereased her power.)

10: Gain wo points in Mentor.

Resources,

uncial Disaster. Lose tin points of Resources,

3.4; Disaster, Lose ene point of Resources
5-6: No Change

7-8: Gain one po

cof Resources.
9:10: Gain uo points of Resources

TAINERS,

1-2: Total Disoster, All Retainer (up t0 5) killed or lot
Lob Pheactne fe
5.4 No Change.

8: Gaus onve Retainer:

n Binendnen

9: Goin two Reeainers.

10: Gain a spec
create

Retainer — The Storyteller should
tetainer wie u unique ne speck

uiything fom a hedge wtzard toa fable Lupine
oc anything the Storytel rextof the
story, hip is not an excuse "Toad up" on supematural
sninions; rather, i san opportunicy to intexkace a strange —

andl Liopefully.a litte frightening — new element to the game
TRANSYLVANUL CHRONICLES IL

Sraras

‘A word on sta: Using this table in conjunction with odber
sinters mye confining Ha charac isrewased wth pial
tile during the gime, for example, he nced net cll
every Oyearsto trinahisStanssupsinstes he Stnyteller doll
simply raise che Trai to the appropriate level, Ofcnne, Sta
atricky thing, and Storytellers ave within thee rights to ack tone
sho don't work at heepan thle to ne they Ket ay

this able

1-2: Reputational Disaster, Lose ewo pout of Stars
3-4; Disaster Love one point of Status

5-6; No Chane.

7-8: Gain one poitt of Stats

9-10: Gain 19 points o

ON Fortune Pats

‘Our goat isnt toforce any
todetormine thet characters fate
to discover how chinys over time, Use them to
generate story ideas or give the character larger Mixan
match however you like or don't use thetn ar all, Remember,
it's your games do wh

EXPERIENCE,
Merits AND Flaws

Just asa charac' Backssowndh na
Mertsand Hlawsmay cng or disap
alter their opinions, overcome p
vsquce noble rites Though moe sie tan
als charyge over time. What constituted rot
1199 onay no longer enery uel sigma in 1447. Why then

tcharactorshe

through

caking new Flaw co yoit extr

W best fr i.

Diane ver tne, bier
together: People may
als vamp te

behiviorin

ral themashunerd Flo putchase
perience points! Hom abit
perience points ft player
freebie points when initally creating chanicter?
Thefallowingens
riew Merits und Flaws during the chronicle of ages — with
Storyteller approval, of coune, This ion'tintended as ammethod of
creating supercharsceers who can never be wupaised, fae ut
stoke sheowgh the hearts roof the Church while
uwingtheitspy network to manipulate the la coutts Conversely
wwedon't want characters rostral throug the ume lame, ad
‘of hearing, blind tn one eye ated resncted to dankie
blood of red-haired neblewnme the
their amnesia prevents thes from rememberty, H:
rmumny Merits without atendant Flaws to balance tern makes a
mention boring and arwoyity),
does having too many Flaws. So lonyas both plays ara! Story
tellers keep that in mind, thing shoulin't get out of hard
The system detailed below helps Storytellers devermine
vehat sorts of Flaws and Merits can be changed. Posns com
doing so ae also explained. The Flaysand Merits {ste below
slerailed in Vampire: The Dark Ages. While thre aw
additional Merits and Flaw available in che Vampire Players
wrkrn foruse in | Sth-century ero

rdaignae callow plljetsees yaeets

only the


SYSTEMS FOR MERITS AND FLAws
I itaffocts only your beyinning Traits or is something that
‘cannot beleamed or overcome with peacticeitcan'the changed.
For example, under Aptitudes; w character could ait
hherselfto become A
she could no become at Natura

TThwe are things that you're eith
like manner, makes no veces

tom with oryou're nat. fry
try 10 take Unakilled any
time except when the character first created,

Physical shortcomings call for exteeme measures to
change them.

aworuch ushaving onearmor beinygdiofigared susy only
be overcome ifthe character spend che points 9 do so, anal
ry to make the change. Stocytellers are
within cheit rights to refuse €0
herself from being Child ehrouyh this method. Then again,
Vicissitude can lengthen bones... Also, vampires heal prot
plourly, and tt rakes m tray grave wound to Teave an bled
body scarred for any significant length of time

Initially, characters are limited to the maximum of
seven points of Merits and Flaws:

character wants 9 new

points" worth, she must ive uy

se —a Merit equal in points to the new onic she

wishes to take. Further, the change must make sense for the

character: Fur example, ifn character warts to gain Manse,

two-pnint Meriegivinghera barge mani, she mighr give up her

two-point Merit of Reputation. As you've probably noticed,
thisealsforsome sort of roleplaying (whether in aregular ia

«sito in downtime). Thvessime rule holds true for Flaws you

can't take a new Flnw without giving up an old ane of equal

hue without che Storyteller' permision, Addivionally, a

player who wants hee character to ake a new Flaw ding the

‘course of achronicle must get her Storytellers approval as well

Buying off Flaw, on the other hand, can be done with nc

vcher effect than freeing up space ¢o take mare Flaws!

For every 100 years of age a character possesses, she
‘may add ene more point worth of Merits and Flaws than the
seven points initially allowed.

‘This means that ifa character has weathered 2 century as

ppire and already has seven points worth of Merits (for
beinginy her cotal eight. Faraeter ho
seven points worth of Flaws, she could take a one point Flaw
thereby sniningan extra point tospend alongwith hee regular
experience points

buy anther

A Word of Warning: We recommend that churacters
‘max out at 10 points worth of Flaws and/or Merits regardless
cof hiow many they may be 0. Eventually, Storytellers

lowe track of ex many henefitx from Mei pecially when

character has sx o¢ eights Noching ruin
thanapeinginga surprise an the troupe only to have one player
whine about nse aid complain thar
the Storyteller didn't give ita chance to function, The game
<gomes toa crashing halt; players fel cheated and Storytellem
fee! haried by too many derails
Nore thar characters need not take advant

Merit, they may combine the sacrifice of a lower level Metit
with their new ability to yoin more pours to take higher love
Merits and Flaws

character's Danges

Common sense rules the night and you can't por
thing for nothing,
Irshould he obvioustharade

icutesense of hearing (at leas not until

jeharacter
deselopay
work on vanipires), Conumon sense should determine ony
changes mate co Merits or Flaws. Further, th

cebianges that
ast come from sem ine doesn't
1 food, She

vever perieal of

simply wake up one evening witl

nua have tried to develop bree ability ech
Hine — and must play nt her attempes either i game or
through blue-hooking (or of ) The Story

sessions) it takes to make any chan

e¢form of interla

ime is relevant
show not be able n change their Merit stat
ten or at wim. Ltshoukd take several years (atleast
nificant chunge to occur throug the
nce points, This does n
Menits Storytellers assign ro charac
Cones
Acquiring a new Flaw ¢
etm the character any adiieional poitie. Bay ing
cout the suine number of experience p
with ininal points. Buying off a Flaw eoses tw
Flaw was initially worth

expendi

srs the result of play

osts nothing, though it does not
ew Merit
isu it were bought

what rh

DowNTIME AND INTERLUDES
Syoremsforhandling downnimeand

discussion of interludes (the period heswech
ame time) arb engestd-ty Dark Tides Rising. They

have Been en neat fa ty wot dhifsigrace csi
sings bu hiv do phowiderexcelleneopyxiemintties for
| maxima the tame away. fom the storytelling table
|} Tio weoapes-wiohtiyeete expand dhe depict their
Torches Cin, other ahinn roteplnyi: thier charac
ters every hakingomomennsY ate adwised to peruse the
chapter of the finn book inthe Transylvania

Dark Tides Rising.

STORYTELUNG THE CHRONICLE OF AGES



re.

Gnd as they go on the sacrifice grows
— Wishits, "Chis Iskeand Cath"


A per History

OF PRE NSVVANIA
Sru-16rT

Connie

For Storytellers who inwist oh histotical accuracy and
jshment in theircampaigns, we have included
sumunary of the history of Trnsyl
rasduring this time. Nonetheless game supplements
able history texts; finedepth reseasch is
czitical 1 your stories, we recommended yoing directly to our
wurcex: the books fisted in the bibliographiy

{his appenatix offers a secondhand sitmary that infor
jun — the original authors have done: afar mate thorexsgh
job of detailing che evolution of moral Transylvania. The
led for ease of reference. Hopefully, it
should make youdying the mortal history of this ery much less
Sountinyg if you feel farther esearch istequiced for authenticity,

Several specific Cuinite events are listed in itales and

marked with two dows (4

TiMeUNE
* Ith century: With Kit Chutes Rikers approval, the
0. rule of Toma Szecheny allows him toexterul his jurisdic-
vcline ull of Teinsylvania. Veisode Srecheny corivencs
ar jresides over a Transylvanian assembly, ruling like a sover-
gn. This era al establishes true dynasties of woivonktes,
#© 1314:A coteneof Transyeanion Cate scones Graerit
Tremcrechantrs of Ces, Regrinianbed ryhis
Tremere's wrth and disappear
as of Transylvania joins a coals:

nce centre atthe
fellow conrii

© 1362: Voiuode La
ton against Hungary

#1491 vw 1437
power in Transylvansa

#* 1415) A group of anarchs led by younger Trimisce
Hiablerge the Tsimisce can founder

* 1437: Peasant uprisings in southern Transylvaria head
toamasacte at Bobolna,

# 1440: Ladislaas the Posthumous contests with Vladislav

Jogtello for control of the Hungarian throne. Rebellions
against Hungary tweak out in Trey varia,

Gionatis f

The reign of the Csaks dynascy holds

lancu of Hunedoara (Janos Hunyadi), the son of
1 becomes voieade. Wallachia
10 anti-Oroman bloc

42: A Turkish assault agninst Transylvania is re
Fells. Two arimier — one conscripted from the lower classes,
and one led by Vlad Dracut ("Vlad the Devil" or "Vlad the

Dragon") —defeut the Turks soundly near falonuita
* 1445: The fall and winter of this year see the beginning
of 4 "long campaign" against the Turks, Armies of Southeast:

em European troops achieve great victories

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES IL

#144 An
countriesisdefeated at V
for this failure
#1445: Wallachians fed by Hlunpad witt major victories
Janos Hunyod overcomes the opposition of the Hungarian
‘nobility and és chosen as "governor of Hungary." He is consid
eted the "true ruler of the Hungarian Kinga."
* 1447: The alluance between the throe Romanian coun:
tries —Transylvan, Wallachia and Moldavia —growsstroe
Janos Hunyali ts refered to as the "eolvade of Ta
allah." Boxalan Ul, Pein
ather" and pledges the fealty
all his armies. Bogdan states that Transylvania and Moldavia
ate one, consolidating the ane-Ortoman front
#1453 Sulran Mel stantinople
# 1456: Hunyadh's army, which includes a great number
of common people, scores military succenses
#1465: A mgue oenchof he Tremere usin the anarch
male its presence noun. Descenans
sock pececton fom he Tremere wihin he rank
then. when ce Sabb forms, the Tremere arteniware ceed
(euch Se the ne Cortex) with the an of the tator mace
fume on thet frchaats.Tvngh muse ro normal ht, the ark
i imstanay noice by ary ra Sabbot Tremere
1+ 1466: Hanya dies

7: The Transylvanian voivedes lead » full-scale

cof knights fom various European
1, Viad the Dragon blancs Munya

site with chem, They work unite

Hungary: and Transylvania and advance Voivade Janos
‘Scentegyorgyt to the throne 2s king,
Moldavia a comenin country. He des the same

©1479; Transylvanian armies led by Voitedte Isevan
Bathory and Pavel Chinesul ure viceerious at Citmpa Pia
sand votwnde of Transylvania,

# Thepeince of Moldavia, Steven the Ci
aagainot the Turks at Voalui
"sent by God ta rule und g

dsSeeklers
id wits, Saxons consider him
set Transylvania."

© A treaty between Matthias Corvinus ond Steven the
Great asrues free entry and unrestricted travel ro Moldavian
sand Muncenian mezchants, Brasoy becomes: central marker

place, an "emporum,
#©1492:Columbus"

Ing fora new route to the Indies; hist

to the Spanish court the following year.

© 1512: Dracidla destroy the Ccngnel Arif

#1514: An untifeual uprising spreads like wildfire across
the voivodate. Theresulting oppression will insder the Magyar's
efforts to ruse peasant trop in 152

© 1526: Hungarian army routed in, August of this year at
the Battle of Mohaes, They lack the support of the commer
people, as the nobles are afraid to call chem to arts


TS

m


Exch time the Turks advanced, that alliance grew stron:
ly deawnaftes Sun Mebioest
Ii conquered Constantinople in 1453. The event, which some
consider to signal the et ot the medieval er
Hunyadi's suppore of Vlad Tepes ss the appointed ruler of
Wallachia, Confident thar Vlad would be nble to develop the
Willachian arm udable forex, Hanya gnticeet
vappore among the nobility of western and eastern Hung:
the Romanian knees and the peasants.

When nations are dependent ot such strong leaders, how
versie becomes dificult wo repbice them After Hund death,
Fights for suecesion roe xe Romina alliance apart. A, lange
sale retellion aginst Hanya son, Mattias Corviswsy bre

fn 1467. The nobiliey of Trameylvania responded by allying
sith Saxon and Sackler eounts ro noure te farther indepen
Jeuce of the Woivexate: Once their ditlerences were tesolval,
they appointed Janos Ssentsgyonyt ws the kn toa,

In 1479, the Traneylvani  vitorles
againot the Tutks, Ivan Bathory, fahet of the inane
Countess Bathory lest macy of these maids, After Stentsgyorgyi
established Tr Bathony's

ry successes allowed hie eo become the next ki

invylvania. By the end vf the century. fatvury Bathory
reimarked thac any who question fis authority woul need
rw apitated one, the offend
cig questioner would survive with the othe.

Stephen de Giant of Moldavia enjoyed eyen greater sue
cess. Tonvercomea common enemy, Stephen enlisted asliverse
amy toopprse che Turks. SaeklersarnlSaxonsalke fought unde
Stephen's command, Many spoke of hina as bet "sea by Gua"
Vial Tepes suppor this belie, stating tha under Seephen the
Grea' leadership the three countries were one

This prospenty and optimism had wide-ranging effets
upon the development of Transylvania, Alliances between
Saxons, Sceklers and Romanians precluded the need for inde:
pendent communes: instead, the lands were incorporated into
the feudal teuctuceof Transylvania, Rich local merchants from
Beaur and Sibiu made major imvestments i mills, tanning
shore, faheriesand mining cing. Within a century. neighbor
tng kingdoms would lst after Transylvania' we

get. Thelinesoftartle were c

also influenced

wylvania iis an actual kings

fh, yothise when the king

sere able proof rhs Lia demarct,allowing small
tons ny ensure theit econatnie inlepensdcnee. Ink
tive outer of ugsicultursts decrease ra
were replaced by merchants and aresans,

(iu tuber of rides le to
the ds. Consortiutns of master crafts

artisans incresied, replacing

Jenceon agriculture alone. Local tradesmen

ereities,
jelly as they

The development uf un in

men gathered together te control comperition, establish
dh of quality, and monitor prices. Assupplies eventually

seeded demand, a merchant class doveloped is Teanwylvanla

to assist in the distribution of these good: While merchants

"ontinued totrade in Hungary and the Gertie, most ofthe
‘exports went, undetindably, to Moldavia and Wallachia.

TRANSYLVANIA CHRONICLES IL

Despite theopen conflict between various social clases
previous centuries, octal stratification was abws defined fur:
the iu time: Nhe Romanian ane easter: Hungaria

Peasants continued toserve asserks. Whilea few independent

‘peasant communes struggled to survive, they died out by the
canty 15th century. Although Romanian traditions survived
they were synchrenicaly abode by
nlc Saxo fared

nerally enjoyed a status only

¢ ruling class
slighely better, While
tly higher than that

independent feudal smucture of Transylvanta. Political dis
veloped smog the Saxons a result; Courts nud
burgraves gained recognition as part of the Transylvanian
aristocracy.
Acconlinly,Sceklercoiomunesaboddinteyrated, While
afew Szeklets prospered enough w "buy teat way" ino the
nobility —ofcen
status The poor en
‘oped noble li

cough the spoils of war — ment lost social
ined indentured
were pasied ¢
ekler society evolved into three classes: the
nights, ar! the common people
The strain ofthis evolving feudal systern eventually fed ce
stifeucl revolts. The lealets of these rebellions cried out foe
the reduccion of taxes and mandatory labor, the abolition of
serfdom, and moulifcarion ofthe fel system, The largest such
revolt occurred in 1514. Bishop Bakocs of Esteem called for
acrusaklessinst the Turks. Bylate spring serfsftom throughout
Transylvania traveled! to Bacla-Pest to form anv army of 4,
Pensants. The miliary leader of this army, wa George Di
Stekler peasant and veteran of a previous crusade
The feadal lords were hifi by the thonslse
peasants traveling abroad. Ifthe crusade continued past har
est came afterall, why» would wark ithe fields? Nobles used
force to prevent more peatnts from joining the army. Entite
families were husniliared — seme were yoked ts a
‘wayons, whileothers were subjected to torture, When weve of
these practices reached Budi-Pest, Doja decided that the real
saute shoukd be the Transylvanian nables.

byct of this
ws gathered in other areas
Transylvaniaas well: Whea Doja declared war on the nobility
tel mi Tranayleanta
Miners fron Turda, Rodeut aed other major eastern cites
foiinad the rahallion

the Mares Rivet encouraged further revolution.

Voivod Janos Zapotya teplied by rillyiny the elite veil
iniddle nobility wohiscianse. For the nobility. the thonigh of
any Himngarinns, Romaniansand Secklersallied together w
ternifying. Nonetheless the peasants hackedengunization. The
masses could noe agree on vanumon demands in we Tear
biped define them. Zapolyaconceateated onfigh
this peasant army wus crushed, the others were easier 10
oppense in Tran lvvint,Zaipoya imp
coned and tortured the rebel leade

spread intosouthedst andl north

ie ie tha Danse onlk town

ingan atmy

3 wa the tral


Once the pe
ialced theouy

ants! unity was shattered, bloody masse
out Transylvania: Meszaros, a peasarit

leader whohal excaped the defeat ar Timisoara, tried

sper
ally an force ot Clu. but was defeated
ter. Tans of thousinds of pea
months that followed. Asi result, oppression of the serfs by
the nobility noe only resumed, but incrensed. The laws
redefining pensint obligations. the Tripartim. were de:
seribed as written in the blood of the serfs." The amount of
requited service and taxation was drastically increased. His-
if aga,

THe LeGacy
OF DRACULA

Cainite propagnada ts infurous. Vampires have com:
pores enlesttiradesontheirmanipulation ofevery imaginable
aspect of mortal history. Po , culture, conquest, religh
— the vainest of undesd claim that all of these endeavors ure
enced by Chir of Caine. Many vampires insist thar the
samites led the Turks 9 Tingowiste,
red the Holy Roman Empire,
0 by survivors. after al
ives the undead. The trut! ‘other hand, iyaselusive
a Tamisce fleeing fr safety after the few crowing of the
cock atcawn. Cainites witness much ofhistry, bur they later
reinterpret i to conform to their beliels. Each v:
members her own personal legend differently, and each one
snimesses history froma diferent perspective

By recalling the sagasof notable individuals w

rogether different stories to.2acertain the éo-called "eruth *

Sometimes contradictory, often egotistical, frequently revela

tory — these are the histones and destinies of the Childer of

Caine. Our insights into vampiric history begia with an
oie mudee

VLAD THE IMPALER

The moty of Vlad the laxpaler begins in 1451. In Fi
ary of thar year, Emperor Sigismund, the euler of the Holy
Roman Empite, anvited the Impaler' father, Vlad the Dragon,
w his court. After the Dragon traveled there with his wile
and three sons, he swore
1 emperor's realin ancl, most iinportantly, defend

defend

1m. be was granred 9 hereditary title ro the
uu districts of Amlas und Fagaras: Front then on,
the descendants of the Draculesti line were recognised a=
defenders of the Onder of the Dragon, nobles hound by their
family's pledge. The Romanian word for "degon" is "dracul
lad the Dragon was known to the Transylvanian as
‘Viod Dracul." In che same manner, his youngest son was 09",
known as "The Son of the Dragon" or "Vlad Dracula."

betrayed his wath. While pretend to

uphold the emperor's ideal, he assisted the Turkish sulean on

raids against Amlas and Faragas. Acthe same cine; he relayed
‘s battle plans to his eldest som
Mircea. As he helped the Turks exploie many minor village
within his domain, his eklest san led a series of counterattacks
ogainst Turkish territories. tn this manner, he set the sultan,
and the emperoe apaunet each other

By 1438, Vlad Dracul operily led Turkish series on brief
mids on the lands near Mediasch. Hisother two sons, Raduisnul
Vid, ccompanied their father and Sultan Murad on one of
these ascuults. By 1444, the Hungarian king sore te avenge
these strocities, Vlad Dracul oifered his knowledge of the
Turkish forces o Janos Hunyadl the general of Transylvania'
armies. Though the Turks eventually defeated Hunyadi's
o. By 1447, Jam

rmarion about the sulta

generals aucceaves were impress

Ji became Transylva

an Murad, Viad Dracul
Sienice inh

In response, Si
inwited the Dragon
sons. When they urrived, Sultan Murad accused the Dragon of
disloyalty, placed him in chains and foreed hita

swear further oaths of ebeisanice. To enh

former silly
ourt. Dracul unme:

sent tothe city of Es
event ws toeange the lives
Dracula, the Son of the Dra
survive in che midst of the Turkish court. Radu, the youngest
son, was exnsiderad effeminate and wea
tnitting ta the indoctrination of his captor. He soon became
of che vuln and 31 Tarkio candidate for the
‘Wallachin throne. Vlad, oo the orber hand, did nor sheare his
brother's we ola repmation for trick

nd placed unker house arrest, This
Radu and Vlad forever. Vlad
on, wats nly 11 years ok

Vlad Dracula learned other secrets fr
Easter education included Greek philosophy, Sufi mysticism
and Arab classics. He had heard legends of the T
‘vampyr from his father; now he deconstructed An
fon inan effort tounderstand the oceulescercesof the East Hs
began to notice hunts of the machinations of the Assamites
immortal servantsof Alamut who soughe toexplost the expan
sion of the Ottoman Empire for theie own
TheSunofthe Dragornused
‘wher he would retur eo thie north. The oppertuniny finally si
‘when the sult learned of Viad Dracut assasinstion. When the
Sonofthe Drygonheardthe news hisnigeswasboundless Thericed
2 comvamed him. Though the sultary could
ported Radka a puppet ruler of Wallachin, he was rapes
Descula'sferocity. Sultan Murad cleaved Vlad with asmall Mimic
retinue ar ave inn the means to retake Wallachia

THE ROLES OF HISTORY AND DESTINY

wnsylvanian
kesuperst

ire wnsely, wet for they



led by army i ul killed Viator It in hand:-to-
J comb yssvor into the hear of his foe.
nv of the Dragon recumed to power as the prince of
Wallachia. His oath of yerweance had been flies
‘Wallalia was secure agai, Di
tunity to return co power, becoming

uli had used the oppor
hheto by defying the
might of the Turkish host. A grateful police praised hitn ts
Romuneasca immediately eleeted hin tir the throne of
‘Walhachua, For the Romanians, Vial Dracula was thei grea
oot hope: If the 25-year-old ruler comtinwed to trip, he
wohl everstually drive the Turks fan Constantinople. If he
failed, however, Transylvania and possibly the rest of Chi
wed by the Turks.
This begin the tmnt. colorful... period in Dracula' lie:
rence Dracula ieatitad corrasporsbince wich the images of
Onomian

ather support in opposing the
dtothesmestratgieshisfitheronce
n peer he demonstrated his une
ne ayer of Beasow, hesent this messigs:
pormerfil at home, then
dows he wills. Whea he 0 without pewer, another ne
‘more powerful dun he willoverwbelis him al doa he wishes."
sind the bese eves tat flowed

rable authuity
voy, thunk that when a manor pn
be wi

ince soon became well known fot his demorstta-

hyolute law and nbsolite authority, During his reign,
strictly enforced hiy concept of Justice. The Son of the
would enforce his laws, Some knew these hutehers "the
Axes." The group included many foreigners — Hungarians,
Tarcary,Sertvanil even Turks —who welded theaxe or lifted

sometimes given the option of joaning Dracula's

dh, Cainite indiscretions
ay of Dracl

Inorther le re responsible foe
the presence of
court (these stories eelate), Vlad brutally
consequences of acting against him, If
of mortals were impale in «stall village, there was

iw there would be
sake inthe process. And if,assome suspected, Cainites were
esponible for the inurder of Dracula's brother o¢ father, his
wicch-hunt rounding him would have

homed them th
hundres

Enquisitonal racties used in other parts of Europe
allegedly one ofthe descendants
wal Roman sectlers of the region, Vlad harbored a
sired for the Saxons of Transylvania. In the summer
be led series of raids on Saxon-hel territories
inst Bistrits; whure the Germanic
inst Count Mibly Szigaly, Though the city
massive Walls, Vis army quickly penvetrited
vesand burned the homesot the insurrectionists. He
Hiekany Castle i Thue Pass

The fies rai was
rebellesta

was defended b

rasoy was the next major target this Trina
campaign. The mayor ofthat city had been expousiny the cis
of Dan Il,» Danest nval ofthe Draculestn, Thegovernen even
recognized [un asthe Duke of Annlas and Fags ile toa

mpercr Sigismund bad given 1 Vlad the lnpaler's faker. A
the mayorof Sibiu jouned in an alliance against ese Draculesti
the Saxons of the region plotted to seize control af Wallachia

Tnkamen tiv moreal history

forthese crusades. Once again, cabals uf Teimisce conspited t
expand their domains. As part of their traditions, several
Tamisce had Embraced the most successful fevil lords of
tention: Vlad Il (an illegitimate son of Viad the Dragon),
tind Daw III (a tuler of the Danesti line) Once Viad the
Impaler feared of chs dark secret, I
destroy these fail pretenders
Even with Durga Syn's support, his father had never
secured enough power to so after the elders of th
Vlod the Impaler had enough authority to tear the
‘conspiracies upart. Fearing his undead enemies, Vlad im
entire villages to root out a few Teimisce vampites. Wil
hunting Vlad the Monk, be tue sn
where he thought the Fiend wav
Viad's
Heled an extensive raid on Brasow. His army burned
fortsand towns,

ding by d

royed crops, and vlaughtered thousands cf
‘men, women and childten. Dan foughe savagely, displaying
captives use could, but still left forests of in
his woke. In 1460, Dan Ii led
many of Vlas supe
stskiemish against he Wallachia

jul victim
sucwerantck. He arrested
las and Fags, an le
fim, sometimeseven takinz up arms agaiut the Pies rl
‘When at last Dan was found, lads allies seized this creature
of the night and wok him to Casthe Arges in Wallachia
ua private ceremony, Vlad weakod the Fiend ad crated
fhum of his blood. Incoxicated with the strength of Cai
be preached bis need for reveryge before the assembles execo.
toners, extolling his plans for conquest of both the ving and
the undead. Several vials of Tximisce blood were disseminated
among the amas, No longer content to merely rule the li
Vlad soon dreamt of conquering the kingdoms ofthe Cainites
His facination with blood blowomed oon thereafter. One
secount relisusthat in the months that tillewe, Vad bean
practice of feascing hefore the impaled Sanne 28 they died. The
prince woul often dip bis bread in the loeal his victins, e
believed it would give him strengrh. This particular pracnce not
oly defied the Silence of Blood, buts became ohne ofthe most
commonly retold legends of Prince Dracus, one tht eesul
rman simi stories of is thirst for hurnan blow
Dracula ted his final Transylvania raid duriyg the ss
merit 1460. fnvading the territory ot Amsas, he renewed his
pucuit of Vlad the Monk, supporter ofthe f
villages succumbed! to the torch. The linpaler to

THE ROLES OF HISTORY

up the
IND_DESTINY


chase with Inquisitionial zeal, using che same
employed gaint the undead

priving, the citizens of Amlas di
Linpaler was opal The re
DhpMasicee. After ibe

the slaughter of thousand

en procession

other European realins, Sur-

nelly to aid im. The

Bartholomew's

he town, the Impaler ordered
aims. A priest Jol

planced amotle *
the sight of so mach gilled blood.

Oneehisobvolate control of Transylvaniahad been proven.
Dracula turned his wrath aginst the Ortoman Empire, As the
Hnganan king requested, Dracula ted a crsade against the
Turkish host His Wallachian army fight thea way tothe very
gates of Constantinople. Dracula then disparched messengers
toKingMatchins tok forceinforcemenss, Ifthe kingcouldnot
sen is ower army. Dracula stated, he shoul adil Feast ser id
frotn the Transylvanian Szolders and Saxons. In one message,
bho stressed thar the reinfoecemnents would have tovarrive before
the Fenst of St. Geonge ce all would be lost. He need

troops to take Constantinaples otherwise, the sul
forcements would drive them hack to the Danube.

The king of Hungary never sere the aid that Dracula
abater April 22, 1462, Dracula wasforced into
a strategie retreat. Over the next tew months, the Wallichin
army was driven back to Tiigoviste. On June (7th, Dencula
decided « Acca effort
sokillthe wala hinwelt: With a smull force, he took the enemy
thy surpen, shaighteeay h until be arived it the

ny commanders The sultan fled the encanys-
pe Dracus assassination faites. Resigned to det
Dracula retreated te his fortress in the Carpathians by the

1 the advancing Vutks by
astle Arghes into the Agrish River below it

i his survival on

Arsh Raver. Hic
Teas from

The Tus
they witness

Livia de

army advanced into Tirgoviste. Once thet,
thedepthsef Deaculy'sdepravity. As te sultan,
led hus roops coward the nearest castle, they passed thronigh a
forest of the dent. Twenty thoustnd impaled Turks decorn-
poved in the nooavday sun, Flocks of ravens fed on the rotting
bradies. It the heat of amid day, the stench was unbearable
That night, the sultan Gedered his item to dig a deep trench
atound the city, hoping to secure the ety. The next day, hee
eat. The sight had demoralized bum so much that

ie decided the coat of victury was too great
Nonettieless, the Turks still sought eo kill Vlad Dracula,
The Son of the Dragon fed across the Carpathians into
19 king for
;agioupot Transylvaian
ice of a conspiracy between Dracula and
Hungarian king arranged a metinye
with Dracus one char led to Viad's copeure and imprisonment,
cemattied tmpevoned unul 147, when the
Moldavian. prince; Steven Bathory; convinced the king of
Hunger that Dracula was the only real hope of di
the Turkish host. Cainites that che Eun

ing back
a hig probably

responded to other pressures as well. Within a yeae, an assem:

Uy of Transylvanian

issues, including
oor destroyed?

pires met 10 aklres many current
Dracula problem": Shoukl he he Em-

in contrat of his destiny, he retumed 10 the city of

ht renew hi wt the Turks, From

ediavc, Dracula joined Stephen Bathory in an expedition
inta-and destroy the Octoman Empire

t they assaulted Brasov, driving @ Danest ruler from the
throne. The army passed through Bran Pass in the south and
besieged Bucharest, engaging Prince Rasu's army. Aided hy
Bathory'stroops, Craculaquickly regamestconteotorWalkachta
sand Transylvania. The ryrant hud returned.

When Bathory's forces left Wallachia in 1479, however,
the mortal Dracula was vulnerable. His defense relied en
Scaint force of 200 Moklavian soldiers. Realizing opportunity
the Turks attacked, History tells us Vlas Lit butcle w
outside Bucharest, not far ftom the scene of his fither
wsassination: The Wallachinn prince was decapitated at the
we of 45, ann his ea wa later displayed in C

According. to legend, monks fi
esdless body te a nearby monastery, Dracula hud generously
donated (© their ocder theoughout his life, so to protect the
body from desecration, they secretly buried his oepse. The life
of Dracula ended with a myatery, however. Despite numerous
achuseological excavations within the chuech of Sug the
body of the mortal Dracula has never been found

Cainites later found our thar Viad Tepes' death had been
‘carefully staged. A reyenant sculpted! ro reyeenble hiew had been
set looncen the hattlefiekdthat fatelulday. Thronyhhiscontacts
in Clan Teimisce, the Son of the Drag

dish seen, and by the time hs real Ww

reared 10 Castle Anghes ind fed upon the blood of Co

of Clan Trimisee, Legends of Dac

J Hearried of the

fortunately for

the Blood Oath. Nonetheless, he continued ty bean
clam elder, just as Ie bua feared from Janos Hlunyadt long
ago. When he could no longer yokerare being treated as 3
mere ghoul, he sets nity. Using
sane tactics he hod used against Dan Il] (with timely incer-
vention from Camanila Archons). he cantured Lambach
Rithven and Tabak, leaders of o troublesome Tznmce
‘sabbat," After forcing Lambach to Embrace him, he
dinblerized Tabak ro gain the Mond, he wily
Durga Siu haa told him

Inthe yeas chat follow, Dracula wil play the Sabbat and

ila gainst each other juntas isfather berryedl Sul
Murad to aid Emperor Sigismund, He will masti vitae of
Asone of Caine'schilder, he will break all the rules:
society, becoming master of temp
accomplishment

vampire
al power and mystical


THE DEMON'S PROPHET...

Risth Anatole's and Qctavie's destinies are interwoven,
with chan of Kupata (introduced in Transylvania by Night).
Not much hasbeen std in this book aboor Kupata,shough the
several prophecies of
nites. Kupala is inextricably bound up with
id of Transylvania. His black het Hes
with bisenalignancy. Bigotry, hatred,
ace the demon's legacies 0
4s of Transylvania — and
Throughout its existence, auccesive groups seek 0 con
4, almont as compelled t do so,
@ctavio was native cothe lands now called Hungary whee
Rome' legos built Agutricum. Asa moceal, he was shames
who somehow touched upon Kupala's dark heart and becumne
nffwed with madness. He took the name Octavio since he
firmly believes that eight portent will herald the awakening of
Kupala and the demmon's ascendancy over the work.
Embraced by a Roman Malkaviatt, Oetavio' subsisted
quite: well on the soldiers and cownsfotk. He atuked und
diablerted hissirein a musderousage peecipitated by his ties
tothe land. Octavio found himself slipping into torpor when
J 9 Rome

and hold Trin!

the legions were ree
When Obuda began developing around him, Octavio
awakened, Shocked when he realised thar so uch tiene hid
fons, he quickly learned the haibarle new language of the
Magyats. Driven even more insane by the certuties he has
‘pt within the tainted earth of his homeland, Octavio
(and any Cainites he ean) and pur them
th Aaborace games (physical challeryges, kil, battles
torture), then sacrificed them to Kupala (whether 10 aid the
demon or bind him, even Octavio doesn't know)

ccaprured moet

Soon after awakening, Octavio ¢
himself, hopin
Those who worship hi

eid cult around
ne powerful enough to defeat Kupala
call him Havnor, beliewing be isn.
ancient Magyar god. Hsp rarely remembers exactly what his
plany ure when his head isafire with prophecy that he
disseminate to warn the world! Tn 1416Qctavia.
torpor. Now he dreams his mad praphecie
‘moment when the
fellow Malkavian a glimpse of the hell he fanesees

Octavio will spend the next centuries warning anyone
who will listen of the coming of che sigs. Mest will ignore
him, putting his warnings down to the ravings of a lunatic
Never recognizing chat his visions encompass something far
greater than the maneuverings of one demon (however pow
erful), Qctavio loses hope in the 18th century, feeling that he
has failed ta have any effect on Kupala whatsoever. Octavio
thenallows Anatole todi him, making Anatolekeeper
cof the mysteries and the harbinger of Gehenna,

awaiting the
mon once again calls him forth, During

Cetavio reaches out vo Anatole, granting his

in eran is located in Transylvania
we who need it

he considers his owe, the demon has made it his

everything he can shout histival for power though he us yer ea

fearn thar rival's tna rtm: Kul

serafing out his lesser minions and grinting visio

who was once a shaman, Through Ccaviy the M

prophet, Kupala sseminates kneweige of hin vals
UUnortunsealy,whilathe

limited in scope; then these visions zoildhrongh the fractured

Landscape of Octavie's mind before the Malkavian foretell the

future. Octavindoesnotaiwaysinders

‘muy serualy iMluminate something quite different t

eitherhe (orthore who listen tohim) believe. Nonecthelen, they

remain one ofthe few ways. coterie can learn of the canvoluted
ng around then, hike

at henesth the
aln'schonen prophet Octavio think thatthe vslous he
sees portend the smo the entity claimingod
Truruylsania ed the landsctEaetsen Easop, The phe
«quite grasped, ye, thc the thir he foresees ine relates 1 fr
larger picture — Gelert Evercualy, Octavio wll pas om his
fe to Anatole, who will understarnd the meaning of the visions
making the French Mallavian the Havhingsr of Gets

Though not much in evidence di
sill a

this time, Kupula is
nd and ytill working his chaos om the area. Evidence of
the demon's continuing influerwce can he found in the Atvarch:
Arenimite war {set bebo) jn Tianylyaneis — awa chat aes
ro sense on the surface of things The eller Tsimtsee still
celebrate Kupala's Night, bur they do s more cireurnspe

‘pow that dheirclan's founds was at we-Octavio
himself as filler into torpor, temper Anatole ae
the only one available to interpret the signe revealed by the
demon. Despite the lossethischtef prophetand the maneuvering
ofthe demon's as-yet unstumed rival, Kupala far fom gone ty
fact, by 1500, when many mostals be question the ven

existence of denn, Kula is june ptt

Tre AnarcHAssamire War

‘Asthe Turks bartted Eastem buropean forces
more and more temtory on their pash toward Western E
Assamitesfollowed intheirwake. Soon, Ascamites yeaa
Transylvania seckingthe hearrsblood of elder Ts
thesame period, gingsofthe dispossessed chi
alo roamed the wilds of i, seeking their elder' havens
andhiddenresting places. Bo fictions, Awarnite and Ts
anarchs, sought the same thing

suavees. An alliance between the two groups of diablerise
would have ensired thetr aiccess, yee they chose to wae

cone another rather than ally against a commnon (oe

THE ROLES OF HISTORY AND DESTINY

¢, During
leroftheT

a

———


‘i BEGehenn. Taree who believe that
chen ts ral searHipgbenme fsck of Nad, which
s sypyesed to contain with (tba Brophectes of Salo
deed, within that work nikiidasae Discussed. Like thove
‘omens given in Book of Reeders which portend the end
ofthe wich), these prophets interpre
just before the axlygsf Gbthe dreaded date, That tn
howewer, the exgigipies are unlike moral: rather than
| ew, bri dele they may lhe eerie
Jhon maych cimiyebyhich to yet ethorecold events
Further, they Wasnt Have" sift religion serve by
style boekavailable wall Efe ns of Glen
beer ecorded onty marfecumtkely, kien plas ler fiir
secrets be roo exe Fewealed and eortawarord ob te yhad
isubeantige Tie foreuifgseaten inthe Roof Nala
shadows the aefitl signs = ide effi asi wes
Further, the wodkinig of the peophiag@ occu oti xeveral
branded years, andl many bare for mulleralathec plate in
ferile sal (alee tnidhy even say demeeteormunad St)
waitty forthe peer time to bloom. ‘Those ornery ve
low are those thir have been revealed ro the mad prophet
Derive. Several mane have yet to be made known

Tue REVEALED SiGNS OF GEHENNA
N incgd-betteymahcy Inigo the signs that will
|
|

Before the Transylvania Chronicles
Sign One — The Hidden Darkness: dhe dinblerw of
Dark Tides Rising
# Sign Two— The Thccefal Rersh ing the dest
Honof the Tomphirs; dhBlosdyfubiatloly L
of a mighty eine
© Sign Thteop= The War ot, ‘hildren: Childee
rebel guide elder') opacking ie Anarch Movement:
Younger Livomie dd Teleisee!gomunie cublesic on
theigeline- foie:
Thigh nota dana signet
Zolbs yon ett v€ ciung Sell Peete
angster nse ami leading ip 8 Cicer na.
Book Two: Sap of the Dragoa,
Shon Four <The Ribind Rohm oFthe Dragon: |
Allbough thise, awolved behove-qhisige retells te
HED ad water. racula Wan fact makgs koine-
thing quite difeeeae (Ahoweh a» yecraifevested).
ign Five — TheMabipg pd Breaking of th
‘Compact of Kindred: the farmaaricitjof eC am aria (
later founctation of the Sabbue),

nd, andthe

ik
onder to rest pe

alae voto. Ki
powertol Camite blo, some of the T

sn oF ve Lanna ese (hati thse Tbe

needed ly) worked against them, 1s did
dhe Assumites' taste for
misce woivudes offered
alone, preying instead upen their uneuly chiller; he cher
Fiunds would assist the assassins in finding and capturing
pekent Tremere and Ventre to slike th
garding, the
contract they would fulil, There was always time later to
Feturm and drink of the cones after the Fienuds had foolishly
orheesin the land without fear of retaliation from
the Land's eldest defenders. For their part, the Tamisce be
loved they hal succesfully deflected a threat to themselves
ishile finding a curiyto cher ungrateful chiller, That fact thar
1 liowed them foser the Assamiteson the hated Fremereand
Ventrue intruders only sweetened the deal
cl hat dhe Assanies would not only
cate (which should by right ofan, belong
vote chikser), bat tha ns would take the toivudes
claigas othe land. Wherever narehsand Assamitesmet, they
siolenly can gest once again

The Assunitis agreed

relgn og

Father cit bande the a
Assamites found assistance from anctribalist rogue Tre

chulder of Guratsix (called the Betrayer by the rest of the clan).

Gocatrix's childer used « heretofore unknown Tremere ritual

tha cally cubanced the effecsiveners of the diablerie cach

soup practiced. Known as the Ritual ef the Pitter Rose, the

ritualallowed more th <cipient tobenefit rom the blood

nfy, whole picks could gain

nest the prospect

the Assamites

ad to their clan
sttong advocacy of the formation of the Comarila, Enhanced
with Tremere mags, the fledgling organisation became more
than a match forthe dsergimiged and weaker unaechs. Further,
"Tremere mage helped clan Venaruc uncover kina, the secret
urof the Assaumites/and to capture several important Asamite
ders; forcing the assassins to sue for peace, ‘Thus, because of
"Famisce intrigue, theee who should have found coramern cause
instead engaged is war, while the Usurpers of Clan Tremere
‘whose founderscomminteddinberie upon Saulot, score
conservative adherents to the Camarilla and bitter toes of
who woakl practice che Amaranth on others. Had he a mouth
would have laughs! with demon glee


ey

In the wake of

fall from their bloody thrones, and howling packs of undead ravage the night
Amid this chaos rises a single towering figure. Whether man, vampire or
demon undead, Viad Tepes, Dracula, Prince of Wallachia, 1s a force to be
dreaded. Can your characters face the Son of the Dragon in his own lair?

‘Transylvania Chronicles II: Son of the Dragon continues the chronicle
begun in Dark Tides Rising. The players' characters are now centy
old, scarred veterans of the great Jyhad, with their own estates and
connections in the Camarilla, the burgeoning Sabbat or even both
And yet, not even their great power may be enough to stand
against the Impaler, Dracula himself,

A continuation of The Transylvania Chronicles, and
ongoing Vampire and Dark Ages crossover chronicle

Systems to track the characters' growth over

centuries

A chance for characters to participate in the
founding of the Camarilla and Sabbat

CAMPIRE ae

WW2812 y

mil
