# File: Transylvania Chronicles III - Ill Omens.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A crossover chroniclefor vainpirestthe nark ages
and vampire: abe Masquerade


By Rem SCHMADEHA WITH BRENDAN MORAN

Comme,
'

By Rem SCHMADEHA WITH BRENDAN MORAN

Comme,
'

TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

CHapTer ONE: FROM Mepievat
GLORY TO ENLIGHTENED DARKNESS

Cuapter Two: Twiricut OFTHE GRAVEROBBER
Cnaprer THRet: EN1eR THe DRAGON

Cuapter Four: THe BLoop oF TyRANTS,

CHapter Frve: CHARACTERS

CHAPTER Sut: STORYTELLING THE CHRONICLE OF AGES,
Appenpit: HNowLepceorimiv Aces


... She saber feft a sinuous cut,
and a terrible winding gasfj

gaped open fike a mouth
uttering an incomprefjensible
word, the scream of flesh.
— Mikorad Pavic, Dictionary

of the Khazars

As the past fades from fistory into fegend and new terrors arise to
strife fearin the of, the Gon of the Dragon returns, Ancient evi boils
in the dead fearts of all Kindred and Geffenna. refuses to cease its
approach — the worm fias tuned.




Octavio hactnever ought of himself maak, Even ashe stoned
before the deep, withiesblackearchchuemad sul pele tke ascar
acrins the kal, he was tere that he weisn'e nse. Despite the
blackness that crud from the tamted ground, despite the et thae

rained from dus place, ke was sure da he was no-makman,
<Anidet,rmachesscamfom he dark frit ct shah tar

"Olan have wae of his nigh," Octavio bellowed, his
twice echo from the walls of che pit. His words quid faded
the havchOctaberubndecftheCanpathione ‘The airalinayscnlled
‘of sh, of he bre, oly smell of the evi he fl, tasted and saw i
cverythng here

Bat no one listened, the werce, ever-present in his mind,
answered. Each word rudstd in his head bike a dcondane note,
ring and plucking and seraing atthe mater of hs brain, The
darkness amound ham seemed t grow a ite cloner

"No," Octavio answered. "Nay one di lsten to my wong
Thesis go mand five ofthe cight have come tobe. Blessed the
night when ome does Hse, deme, for thats the nigh that your
wretched curse wil fade awry, from prophecy to legend, anc the
Scenes thar curse my esion wil seater with the wind." Hle bowed
bishead,almoseon reverence, "My crusade can.end, andi wilrest."

Why do you regard me with mich anienoaiey? Cdctands
fined his farys with each won, pressing his eyes shut ui keep the
insanity ot ty. His ad sworn light rc acing, erento detach
‘ef rom hisconrl. Aren't the ane who gives you the visions
‘of the sign, s0 you can wam others of the coming battle? You
fight the very source of your power, young one.

"Your blick hearthas naught but ea!" Oesauio sued. "The
same sins youler me see forte ofyouroun rise. Your tant prshe
the heli spun tte your mincms from this ream so dey
‘coud corunne your pla

The eee chuekded withthe sound of breaking glass. My dear

swe fight aginst dhe same thing, I've guided you fr a
‘ery longtime, given youapurpoe. Youcan'tdeny thar, Do you

‘even naremberunlifebefoneleame royon! Your acqunintance,
your lived ones? Your name! You take Cav from the eight
sign I show you. What's one without a name, Octavio

Octavio opened his mouth. "I have a name, deront bam
lawman! Fam..." Fs voice faded aus, He was not Hawnor, the
arat's name he wsed to draw his mural followers. He tied to
remember the name that bur at the back of is mi, ried wo pull
the memory fram the muck that ecladedhisthnahts, The wil
Hew thick with a

*..,Octavio," he finshed, his shoulders span

runght but Octanto
the sect

1 am

of prophecy, of the eight signs of che
fight, ate you not?

The Maliavszn noxded soy. "Tac sce tobe. Bue mark
me, deme: wall pas ths cup of suffer and escape beyond yr
reach, You ull suffer as I have, at the claws of thase who set

fain you exert your tomb *

laugh revered, long «ind low! this time. My dear
‘Octavio, even in youranger, you deay from the gifts ive you

ow, Yournust find those who can listen, and tell henn
of the signs

ws, the darkness, was almost comforting as he

lonweredhisdefensescandlei¢ gro Iesepedabroughham.*Ttellthe
prophecies the ones I ee énallmy eon, and neching changes
The dav desl ries."

They wil listen. Thece syns ten
them, The Last Daughter met bef
the Father must nat tse

They d's ten.

Tell them

The words ripped apart the last tethers of sanity that hep
Qcravo lucid, His mind ewisted away m the wie, ad the derouss
filled him. In the darkness, he saw visions

He resnemberel no mre

oid
1d the Fitst Son of
U them, Octavio,

herons

1


‘Tne GprcContinues

Ik fsa time of unprecedented change for Transylvanéa.
Hidden in the dark forestsand high plateausof Eastern Europe,
"the land beyond the forest" cannot avoid the wheels of
progres grinding through the workl. New religions, new
technology, new finds and new ways of thinking appear
thoughout I6ch-and [7th-century Europe. Words unknown
in the previous century, like Lutheranism, hurmangsm and Re-
naisuanee, comnmonplace. The 18th century brings
‘even more change, with the revolutionaries irr Ametica snd
France sereaming for liberry and swooping away old ways of
thinking. In many ways, this time destroys the beliefs that
‘hampered Europe in the Mille Ages and ushers ina newage
for the Western world,

For the eternal residents of Transylvania, itis oe of the
‘most disconcerting times in their undend existence, Many
Kell hae eid forces andes iscanng
longer cope with the ever-changing flow of kine history
belief. Noe only ib mortal society transforming, but vampite
society as wel, and munny times i ehanges just a6 quickly, The
concepts of the Masquerade, the Camilla, the Sabbae and
‘ever the word Kindred hecome mainstaysof vampire unlie, are
charyge the way things have been done since the beginning of

civilisation. Every vampire struggles with how to. preserve
here howto stfy her existence, by protecting her hurnanity
ct following one of the homie Paths of Enlightenment:
Young vampites who are able to adape and understand!
‘mortal cultute rise up tncichallenge their elders TheCamarillt

ant Sahar wage centurias-lang wie acrocs the stoppes of the
Carpathians. The Ortoman Empire, with its Assaenite advie
08 and holy warrion, constantly extends is influence int
‘Tronsylvania The Tremere mevetheirheaelquareersto Viena,
‘more stable and influential city, but still exert a powerful
influence tn Eastern Kurope. The Ventre consoliate theit
i Tranwylvaiis and the Tamiscetry coholdon tacheit
lands while their Sahbor alles retreat to Scandinavia and the
New World. Andthedemon Kupula ull es in wait, spreading
onous influence throughout the land, waiting foe it
worecurs,
Nothing remains unchanged. Nothing escapes the passage
‘fei. For vanpines, whoare etemal —stite—thistsuywetting
indeed. And chin, the Transylvania Chronicles continue.

PLAveRsiN THe DRAMAOF Acts

The players' chanicters ate now likely legends in, helt
cwnight. Atleast 400 years old at the beginning ofthis book,
sxinach GOD the ctl they haw winner arin
‘me of the greatest turning points in| history, Their
tmind-sets have moved from the construction of x simple
fortification, to swiding the operations of a city, to quite
posibly deciding the fate of nations. They are powerful,
‘nflucatial and well entrenched in vaumpite society. And you,
1s the Storyteller. hold thelr fate in your hands,

This is the third installation of the Transylvania
Chronicles. While we ary to take every possiblity into ac-
rune: itis enpowalhle to predict every pertmutation of evorts
thar players an Storytellers have created, This book presents
three epitedes three moments plucked froma century-anda
half titespan, and we have left these episodes open for
diferent interpretations and modifications. The ehronicle is
designe to give outhe flexibilitytomake your chroniceinta

whatever you want: You should muxliy the events within to
reflect the game you run, and add any episodes thae you ean
imagine into the vast tracks of history thut re left oper, This
becomes particularly important for characters of such ad-
vanced ages as the players. Their varnpircs have literally
swayed history — of a least observed it — by the time TI
‘Omens begins, and the furure may well have been shaped hy
their actions in the past.

"This is your game, and the course of history ts yours 19
chart. Let your ereativiry run wild,

Theme

Two themes dominate TI Omens. The most powerful
theme is change; the world changes now like i never bas
before. Vampires. eternal and unalrering, must cope with this
fut, Politics, manipulations and other Kinde pastimes serve
axperty distractions used tofillthe dark vid thattimecreates,
"Their mindsfall into patterasandugachronisms, and both the
‘mortal und immortal worlds force them to change or to be
destroyed. They cannot think as they have theught, rule as
they haveruled, oract as they have acted and hope to wunvive
another night in Transylvania

‘The second theme & the inherent menvrosity of the
samp Kiruleel feed oor ores lciags to ouevive, wheres
be their blood, thetr money ot thelr emotions, They
‘may ways abermenschen, but this comes with a price.
vampire faces events that call her humanity into doubt, fee
her to chome between keeping her human vires intact ce
treading futher down the road toward her inner Best
Vampire's very natures pull them towand self-destruct,

Dismal, in'tit? Nooncever sid beinga vampiee wim easy,
and the longer one exist, the harder it gets.

‘THE Moon oF Eastern Europe

‘Transylvania, despite the changes and developments in
soley, sil itches is dark and bronding image. As the sat
of the world aioves into the Reraisanion, Traneylvanla re
imnins w demesne of cramey mountains, gry and shadowed
forests, and wide-eyed peasantry who whisper of the things
that lurk in the night, Although the Masguerade bus limt-
nated most of the vimnpire-rlingArom-the-mountain-casthe
images that were commonplace in pastcenturiesthestoriesaf
such rlersstilleiculace among thecoramn folk, Werewolv
prow! the forest; vampites prey upon the cities, and other

things fluter at the edges of vision, Any pttempts at bringing
‘ounce cube aund suciery vo the Carpathian sont feel ot

of place, forced und inappropriate. The aura of Transylvanian
tefusestobend vothe times. Legend takes ld, darkness dwells
in the soil, and the mystery of ages past retains u determined
hho im the Land beyond the forest.

How 10 Use Tits Boor.
This book assumes that you hive
two chronicles in the series and that yi
with the structure of I Omens,
‘One recaps theeventsin the previousinstallmenss
Ik covers the decades that separate the last act in Son of the

Dragon and the fst act of Il Omens, presents the major
characters and reviews the historical tacigrnad behind dhe
‘events in this book.

realy played the fine
are already familiar

Tansee Gaowas


Chapters Two, Three and Four provide the actual
stories forthe chronicle. Fist, the troupe is approached by a
young woman of mysterious origin, begei
Later as huntersand representativescf varioats vamp
Ddeginofferingthe characters vast rewards an treasu
they discover that the woman is the last of the Cappndaci
theit own gain. Next,
"friend" — none other th nl
planstoseverthegec . on Kup
below the soil to bind the demon
whether tohelp him or
and the fate of Transylvania may hinge on their
n, Finally, the characters find themselves in France,
where they sre relentlessly swept upin the incarnadine chaos
of the French Revolution.

Chapter Five presents detailed histories of the important
Kindred whom the characters encounter in fll Omens. These
fe not just antagonists; many of them are the mont influcntial
undead in Cainite history. fcabs givesidenson how tise thove
\varmpnssin yourovin stories, Chapter Sixprovidessome helpful
hints.on how to-nun the Transylvania Chronicles, with infor:
mationon how romonwate elder vamnpiresto involvethemselves
‘nthe events of Il Omens, and how to cope with the problems

o¢ tory ideas anid for convenient
reference, the Appendix contains a timeline of relevant
ind kineevents also describesthe history ane other

Is of a powerful artifact the characters encounter in Tl
Omens: the sword of Dracula

ToLicnt tHe Framesor Ixspmation
‘The Transylvania Chronicles are sntune 6 the Stor
teller has a great deal of leeway in how she wants to present her
twoupe'slronicle: Whedher rooted deeply sony pain
from legend or frely mixing both, hort of sources exits from
inspiration and background. Research can give
our chronicle the touch of auhentieity, the ir of mystic or
the tnealsina idea thac it at have lacked beiowe. We nist
the following sources
Dracula by Beam Stoker
of Tramsyivania by Stephen Pascu
uy of Hurgsr, ed. by Peter F, Sup, e¢
Hisuny of Transyloamua ed, by Lasko Nikai, etal
The Three Mushercers by Alexandte Dumas
The Vampire estatanalother Vampate Chrmicesby AnixeRice
A Tale of Tuw Cites by Chatles Dickens
The Sct Prema! y Barone dé Or
"Camm" by Sheridan Lel

OrHeR Resources

(Of related interest fo, and partly running concurrent
with, the Transylvania Chronicles are pats one and two of
the Giovanni Chronicles, The Last Supper aru Blood and
Fire, Both give excellent background on the Giovanni
Cappndocian pogrom, as well as the feel of other ragions of

Ako, theclanbookscan beinvaluableaidstoany chronicle.
They present information and historical aides for every ¢
and can he good springhoards for stories iwvolving individ
metobers of your troupe, o¢ to stat inter troupe roleplaying
and development



¥

fs

oR - =

{e was the epoch of Belief it wns the epoch of incredulity
— Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cites

The 16th-18th centuries herald the dawning of
by the wayside, assaulted by ideas of enlightened dicta-
tors, democracy and liberty. New

philosophies change the way people look at 1

erything from art ro warfare. The foundations for the
Victorian Age and the Industrial Revolution are firmly
set. The future holds much for humanity

These same centuries also herakl the end of the
heyday of vampiric power. Pistol, rifle and cannon humble
even the mightiest of Kindred, who were nigh-unstop.
pable in the Middle Ages. Feudalism's death and the rise
of democracy destroy the sources of marry a vamprre's
power and influence. The Masquerade yokes the Kindred
‘of the Camarilla like nothing has before, yer irs restraints
wt be broken, for the coals of the Inquisition need
only a fanning breeze co burst into full flame again. The
freedom sought by the Subbat and the anarchs, seen asa
bright hone just a century before, is brutally beaten down
with wars or treaties of subservience, and the elders
remain at the pinnacle of the vampire chat,

In Transylvania, however, the myseique and power of
the vampyr survive. Even if a deadly count no longer rules
from his castle through terror, the stories of hisdepredations

ure sil rold, and the elles glance about with fearfulness as
they recount the legends. 1 i pet

the old ways of the vampire. Surrounded by advancements,
Transylvania remains as it has been for centuries, fighting
against the forces that try to make it change

CHRONICLES OF AGES PAST

Each episode of the Transylvania Chronicles build
‘on the books that precede it. Secrets long-ago forgotten
come to the forefrong old allies become new enemies and
heared rival coal. Ancient foes dog the heels of their
prey century after century

>; hae last bastion of

Before charging into the Machiavellian. intrigues
ind thick detatis of tll Umens, itmay be helpful to review
ashort recap of the events thar teanapited in Dark Tides
Rising and Son of the Dragon. If you are starting the
serien with this hook and haven't played through the firs
{wo installments, this section reveals what has happened
before and what secrets have been uncovered. Fat those
who have played through the first «wo parts of the
chronicle, the review clanfies past events and major
themes... and may reveal a few new surprises

Storytellers are granted permission 10 photocopy the
Chronicle Summary for personal se

Gum Oe

ff


ChnonieLe Susmtany: THar Wien Has
Come To Pass

Fixed between the Turks of the Eistand the Burupes
nsf the West, Transylvania is a crossroads of Culture,
ideas, and camnflict: After the fall of Conan dinophey 1
becomes for a short time the buffer between Europe and
the Middle East; und then the intoad for the Ottoman
sege of Vienna. It iva very rich land)a prize tobe won

Forceriuries, Transylvania played host o the vieieus
war between the Tremere and the Tzimisce, Both
claimed Transylvania a» their home soil, vind nettber
Gould suffer the other's presence: The Tremere Gar-~
goyles and the nisce szlachta tumed the Caspathians
‘into. vast hatrefield, and neither clay would be entirely
sucessful in their conquest until the Camanitla-Subbat
wars of the 16th and 17th century.

The Ventrue-also made inroads into Transylvania,
secking to usurp the Fiende' power in the East. The
clan's shoti-lived Couneit of Ashes, union afseven

inices in Teaunylvaita, was ae fist abortive
attempt at « Camarilla-tike organization. Although it
ulcimately fell apart, it did give the Ventruea foothold
‘in rye wrea. When they allied loosely wich the Tremere
and prescoreda uniced front againat the Telmisce eit
place in Transylvania wis secured.

Yet another faction, not very influential at his
time, was destined to play a large role in the development'
of Tringylvanias Clan Assamite; acting asa group of
toformoants, ypies ond guasdians of the Turks, made
subrle burpowerulinroadsintg Transylvania Although
their efforts would take centuries to come to fruition,
they paved the way for the slow Onoman/takcover at
Transylvania in the later centiries, They alo gained a
fearful notoriety among the Western vamipirestot thelr
open anid accepted practice of diablevie; manly Kanidred
weafed any Asiamite with unprecedented warmest

ily from the fearful reparation. the Middle Eastertt

vampires hele
Txt Anarcn Revoir

"Tiseseape the blood bonds foréed upon them and fo
‘create greater unity among themselves, the youngest bf:
Clan Tsimisce discovered u way to share thet blood in
«ritualistic ceremony. Thissharinigof vitae, later dubbed
the Vaulderie by the Sabbat, broke the' hold elder
vampires possessed over their childer andefented. a
bond of unity among the vampires whe took part in the

ceremony, With this potent new weapon, sind with the
seeds of rebellion alrendy ptanted by the oppressiveness

of the clang, vampless rone up to destroy thir elders ty
whar soon heeame the Anarch Revolt,

Ventre

Led byw charismatic Brujah named Tylee) the |)
revolt began in 1395. The vampires whe (allowed —
‘Tyler's rally were quickly dubbed aneiribu, and the fall
‘weight of the clans came to betr against them. The

\oanarcli supparodly suzcesded in desteaying both the

Liyombra and Tsimisce Antediluvinns, killing the
Ventrue proponent of the Cararilla, Hardestadt, and
‘excuping the clutches of the Jocal princes and yoivndes
‘of Tranwylvania. It wat pot vatil the Convention of
"Thorns, one full cencuey iter the beginning of the
Anarch Revolt, that the wit wai resolved.

‘Daring thistime, a group previously unknown in the
‘West entered the lands af Trammylvania, the Qypaice of
the East, and sith ther Clan Ravnos. The Gypatcs Fed
the prejudice and petsecution they nufered in Russia nd
other Eastern lands, only to find i again in Transp.
The tl tae bit Home the sapere
Car inns, but found thor life tn, wan just
soloed we hy bd ee,

‘THe CONVENTION OF THORNS

‘Deteriniried not to, let Hardestadt's destruction,
btingatt cndita the gual he had foughetor, Hardesade's
childe assumed his sire's identity and pushed for the
hification of all clans under an organizarion called
‘the Camarilla, Helped by his fellow Founders, and by
the threat of the Anarch Revolt and the fall of
Constantinople, "Hardestadr's" idea took hold. The
idea of the Camarilla was ndopted by seven of tho 13
clans in the lite15th century, The anarchs, now
facing united enemy, were forced 10 the bargaining:
table aca Convention near Silchester, England,

‘Hardestadt and the Founders of the Camarifla used
this ity COitle up several loose ends facing: the
Ki fat the time. The anurchs were made apart ofthe
‘Carueilla, ond theirrevale wneputroanend,TheCamaritla
forced each snitch to drink the vitse of all the elders
present at Thoms, The Asamices, although ‘exempted
from the dictates of the Catanilla, underwent a Teetiere
ritual ¢hat prevented them from committing diablerie.

‘Tie Reottinmas or re Sanna |

Although the Convention of Thorns solved many —
piessing problems for the Camarilla, ic helped give"
‘rth toitssteatest foe, the Sabbat. Those anarchs who
ud. not accept the surrender at Thoms, led by the
‘Trimisce and Lasombra, formed a Hew sect-and called
themselves the Sabbat. They continued theie battle
against the oppression of the elder vamnpires, sparking
revolts throliyhout Tranaylvanlicand Euiope.

‘The Camatilla, seeing the Sabbat as continuation |)
ofthe Anarch Revolt they had attempted to end at
‘Thorns, put every effort into exterminpting the new

at Tr aR

‘Tuwoavans Coons

n


sect For vo centuries ater the Canvension of THO |
the Camatilla and Sabbat fought openly againse each:
other in « war for suprematy among the Kindred, Fi
rally, stunted by che superior numbers and ofgan ization,
he Subbat fled to the Scandinavian
inces neal ty the Rew World 40 regroup nid coh

tive their fight on a \maller scale, {

Anp History CONTINUES...
Born in contliceand crented wo protsct Kindned from |
the Inquisition and bumanivy, the Camarilla is srill a «)
relatively new but ever-present inainstay i Burype. The |
Sabbut still catres out it evolution, but has largely lost| i
thie bets sins the Carls. foe now, Thednarshy
wait inside the Camarilla, watching for 0 new cause to"
Antch on ta, new revolution to sponsor, which they will
soon find ip France: The Ottomans, advised by the |
Avsamites, turn Transylvania aod parts of Hungary into -
ind gaze longingly at the prize of Vienna Tying |
‘yond thei teach,
ind oocor reas wee a Ree ceartue |
alm moment amidst the storm of the pastgencurles. |
But unbeknownst to the players in the drama of Vammpite
politics, the signy of Geherina march on. Five signs have
<ere rps ai only hes ema boone Gehunnafala§
‘upon the land, ]

Tue CLANS AND THEIR

NOoOtTABLe CAINITES

ics haye been changed a great deal by
n of the Camarilla and the Sabbat. Clan lines
are much more proncamced, anu the best delineation of
Cainites \s by their respective clans. Tension between
fis it has since time
Ainmemorial; even after the Convention of Thorns, many
vampires define themselves by their personal desires first
und their clan or sect second. However, this is rapidly
an tivalries ate se aside more and more often
during partisan conflicts between the Camaril
and Sabbat, OF course, even these are churades soften as
nt, constructed to hide the avarice and other motives of
the vampires who enact them.
Vampires on each side of the CamarillySabbatdi
sul comort with members on the wthet, and eall Kindred
— the Camarilla's word —on the apposite sideallies. Yet
a gulf istapidly g between the sects. Elders on both
ides tench their younger childer, Embmiced after the
Conventionof Thorns, that the other side ts flawed and
‘must be destroyed. Older viampites donor always believe
this, but they: ate all too often forced to pick berween
individunl inclinations and their duty to their own sect.
The Camarilla and Sabbat wars force almost every vampire
over to one side or the other

Despite the efforts ofthe anarchs and the Sabbat, the
eldest of the Kindred still hold the true power aniong
vampires, and often manage to remain outside the wars
and conflicts between the two.sects. The following list
sgivesa short review ofthe eldest vampitesin Transylvania,
‘as well as their clan's status and dealings in the reyi
Naturally, if any of the information below conflicts
with developmentsin your own chronicle, or works counter
to what you want todo, feel free to omit or change it. This
{s meant for background and plot ideas. to help flesh out
your chronicle and provide opportunities for storytelling,

CLAN Assamrre

"This clan of Midale Easter vampiresis very active in
‘Transylvania in the 17th century, when the Turks control
thesinall nation asa vassal. The Assamites! main yoice
the region is Husayn, Summoned from Alamat for both
his knowledge of Transylvania and his staunch opposition
tothe Assamite anticribu, he acts as an ambassador for the
¢lan and the Turks. He supports the Turks! position in
Transylvania, acting on their behalf in. almost cvery
major city in the land. When Sabbat raise their heads, he
leads teams cf fellow Assamites and ghouls against bis
brethren who joined the Black Hand. However, a8 Turkish
control gives way to Habsburg might in the 1680s, Husayn
ragain returns to Alamut, disenchanted by the failure of
Middle Eastern etvilizntion to rake toot in Transylvania
and the continued existence of the traitorous antisitu

Farig is one such traitor. He refused to submit to the
curse of the Tremere at Thorns, and now fully embraces
the doctrine of the Sabbat. Howevet, more than just
Sabbat ideology has tken hold in his soul; while visiting
the southeastern city of Deva, he stumbled upon the
group of Baali thar protected the Cathedral of Flesh,
Under the tutelage of the Baali Ansen, he has been
twisted tothe Path of Evil Revelations. His soul phucmets
further from the lofty goals he once held. The traitorous
Karif al-Numair hasalso lefchis old clan bebind, joining
the Sabbat and becoming an influential voice among the
Assamite anciribu

Cian BRusan

The Brujah hae very little real pomeein Trane
They have never helda princedom of note in Transylvania
proper (unless a Brujah churacter in your coterie has
mutuiged to do so). Some have inspired or participated in
the rebellions that have seized the land through the
centuries. (The Brujah Georghe Cractun, claiming to be
"God's representative on Earth" and inspiring « peasant
revolt against the Turks in 1659, is the most noteworthy
of diese lelere) However, France; England andl Germany
are the true centers for the clan, und their efforts to
influence society have a much greater effect in these areas.

One disturbing note haunts the members of Clan
Beujah in Transylvania. Dominie, the quasi-logendary

Gam Ox


mercenaty overlord who ull believed had been destroyed:
by the Ventrue, has been seen in cities along the eastern,
rim of the Carpathians... or, at least, a Kindred with an
‘uncanny resemblance to the Roman Brujah, He has made.
no formal contact with his clan, and none can coir
whether itis indeed Dominic. Very few know the truth of
his viviscetion into the Cathedral of Flesh centuries be
fore, of the events since the cathedral's diablerie of Yorak
and its possession by the demon Kupala. For those who do,
Dominic's possible retum bodes horcibly for Transylvania

‘Tue FoLtowens or Ser

The Setites have little interest in Transylvania before
the 1600s. They sec it as a glorified hattlefield for the
Casuarilla and Sabbar, and if the to sides want to kill
each other there, chat's thoir businessand they're weleome
to it the Setites knew the information that Transylvania
holds, and of the demon that resides under its soil, then
they might pay closer attention to it. Currently, however,
they don'tdo much more than travel through with caravans
of Middle Eastern goods or pass by it on trips to other
reifions of Europe

‘This changes toward the end of the 17th centur
‘Count Jocalo, a powerful and influential European Set
recruits the Ventrue Roland, recently fallen from grace in
hiselan, Thecount thinks little ofhis Venteue spy ut fies,
intending to let Roland isan back prestige in his cla
before using him. However, he heats from Roland of the
strange happenings in Transylv 1 the knowledge
that certain of its cexidents hold on Gehenna. Coupled
with information gained ftom the Nosferatu Zelios in
Egypt, Jocalo now tums to the small country with «
newfound interest, The Serices will nor overlook
Transylvania for much longer.

CLAN GaNoneL
Gangrel influence is on the decline in Transylva
Acnulf, « hidden ally of the Turks and the most powerful
Gangrel in the region, was destroyed in bartle by dhe
then-mortal Vlad Tepes. Miteu the Hunter, once the
"prince" of the areas around Napoca and Klausenburg, is

now the Dragon's faithful ally. Neither produc
hildor capable af bringing the Cangrel back

in the Carpathians, though legends speak of dveir bestial
descendants who still wander dhe forests. The only other
Gangtel of note in the region, Tiberiu, has gone antiribu
and is litcle more than a glorified spy and

(Count Radu and the few Teimisce still hanging 0
domains in Transylvania,

Cian Giovanst
The clan of Italian metchans has exploded throughout
cope since Augustus Giovanni's dinbleticof the founder

of the Cappadocian clan. Their purpose for exqs
threefold: They wish to increase their trading empire even
further from the confines of Iti, increase thelr arcane

Torna Cronies

ia


knowledge and destroy the Cappadocians to the last
vampire, erasing the Grave robbers from history. With
the Promise of 1528, made to Hardestadt and Rafael de
‘Corazon, the Giovanni have been able to remain outside
the wars of the Camarilla and Sabbat, and are completely
free to pursue both agendas without resistance

Don Pietro Giovanni supervises Giovanni trading
tnrerests in Transylvania from the markets of Budapest.
Transylvania is a rich source of trade goods from the
Turks and an important producer of cannon and raw
materials. Don Pietro's position is very important to his
clan, Any massive trade or economic actions in the
Carpathians draw bis attention almost immediately, and
he is as thorough as possible in keeping tabs on the
economy of the area.

Ambrogino Giovanni, one of Augustus' crusted
agents, participates fully in the latter two goals, hunting
down information regarding the Book of Nod and other
arcane texts, He has heard rumors of late that a coterie of
‘amines int Transyvinia possesses lange body of knowledge,
regarding this book and its contents, and has been planning
to pay them a visit when time allows. This opportunity
aay Come sooner than he ever dreamed possible.

CLAN LASOMBRA

As leaders ofthe Subbat, the Lasombra bave suffered
jst as their sect has in the wars against the Camarilla
Neveta power to begin with in Transylvania, they have left
moat control of the area to their strange Trimisce bedfellows.
By the lave-17ch century, most Lasounba have retreated to
Spi idinavia or the New World, and will never
regain any mentionable power in Transylvania.

The one Lasombra who is extremely active in the
aren is Lucita, An antitribu and one of the most feared
warrioes in Eastern Europe, she has rejected both the
‘Camarilla and the Sabbat, though rumors attribute her
with working for both sides. She wanders in the company
‘of the Malkavian Anatole, constantly warning of the
oncoming portents of Gehenta. None seem to listen, but
she refuses to be dissuaded from her goal, and continues
pleading with those who will pay her heed.

Chan Manuaviat
‘The Malkavian clan is hoth blessed and cursed by its
madness, and nowhere is it more true than with the
Malkavians that inhabit Transylvania. Octavio walks
indct the guise of Havnot, Magyar god of thunder and
prophecy, gathering mortal followers and preaching of
the visions that the demon Kupala gives him. He grows
frustrated with his mission, seeing that his words have had
tno effect on the coun of évents, He willingly passes on
his soul and duty to Anatole, the companion of Lucita
Anatole will continue in Octavio's stead, seeking to stop
the advancement of Gehenna and undo the machinations
of Kupala before Transylyanin isdestroyed by the demon.

The site and childe partnership of Aristotle de
Laurent and his adopted childe Beckett (sho displays
none of the characteristics of the Lunatics) also reaches
Transylvania, The two researchers of the Book of No

consort with the Gehenna eults forming in France and
‘elsewhere, and will soon eroas paths with Anatole, Lucia,
and the Kindred from Transylvania who have participated
in the signs of Gehenna from the very beginning.

Cian Nosrenatu

‘The Nosfeiaiu continue co maintain several powerful
holdings in Transylvania, and several influential Cainites
to secure those holdings. Marusca, originally a guiding
force in Hermanstadt, has relocated to Cluj-
following the movemem of Tranylvania's Die
wields many secrets from her nights of tutelage under the
Fiend Yorak, and conspires against the leadership of Nova
Arpad and the Ventrue in the area. Ruxandra js still in
the area, as well; Nova uncovered her masquerade as
Prince Otto, and the Lextalionis against her has resumed
with arenewed vigor. Noone knows where she is, however
Given her talent and flair for disguive, she coukl be
wamuevading as lecrally anyone bn Teausylvanta, Kisied
oF otherwise.

Another important Nosferatu is Zelios, one of the
‘most respected Cainites inall Transylvania, He is eginning
to realize that the geomantic web he has constructed to
bind Kupala has not been aseffective as he had hoped. He
hhas made many trips to Egypt and other lands to study
architecture, hoping to find secrets to improve his own
binding rituals. In doing so, he has made a tentative pact
with the Followers of Set, Realizing that any supernatural
knowledge is ata premium in Transylvania, he hopes thar
the secrets the Setites can give him will kd bien sn his
cffoms. Deep within, however, Zclios wonders if he has
made a Devil's deal...

CLas Ravnos
‘The Gypsies find no rest in Transylvania, and their
Kindred brethren are no different. Vassily Taltos burns
with fary as he sees his people oppressed under both the
‘Turks and the Saxons, and creates achilde to take revenge
sillingly
acts the part of Vassily's instrument of vengeance, but not
forever. Eventually he will choose his own path, but not
until he has given Vassily sizable victories agains the
‘Transylvanian Ventrue. Many Ravnos of the srea willingly
follow the leadership of Vassily and Vladislav, and regard
most other Kindred and kine with extreme distrust.

Cran ToReAnor
The Yoreador blatantly favor France, Italy and Spain
over such a bleak and unsophisticated land as

Transylvania. Arianne is the only notable represenrative
of the clan, She joined the Sabbat at its inception, driven
to the cause of the antitribu by her hatred of Bulscu,

‘Conner One.


Roland a

retreat as s0 many other Sal

wars. She possesses 4 wealth of information on all the

leaders in the tegion, and seeks more whenever she can,

Cran Trement

have played such a major role in the history

Kindred of Clan Tremere. Though

ain chantry from Ceoris to the

didefendable city of Vienna,

Tremere presence (and influence) in the Carpathians
remains strong, Anan of Golden Lane guides the uct) vit

at Ceoria, stilla very important chantry and the center of

Tre naylvania. Acdan's childe Claas

als in Ceorls, and often undertakes errands and

missions for his site

All isnot well in House Tremere, however. Virstania,
named the Mistress of Gargoyles, has joined a large
number of the Thaumaturgically created vampites in
rebelling against the clon, le ix rumored that she hay
discovered a way t0 "breed" them, using her knowledge of
» give them che ability co reproduce. She

and her Gargoyle flock reside in the mountains of the
arpathians near Krondstade, striking at random and
without warning at Tremere settlements and strongholds,

Ie is also rumored thar the rebel Tremere Goratrix
still makes his haven somewhere in Transylvania with

ie of antitribu. Soon the Tremere clan will di
way to ritually mark them all as traitors; but for now

Goratrix and his followers could be anywhere.

ax Tzimisce
Theonce-powerful Tsimisce votwadesof Tr
have fallen from theit pedestals of power in theit
Disgraced by their defeat at the hands of the Tren
the Vei young Fiends have largely fled fron
Transylvania with their Sabbar brethren. Such powerful
imisce as Count Radu of Bistrit: and Viadimie
Rustovitch, the voivode of voteides, have refused to yield
their holdings despite Camarifla (and in Rustovitch's case,
Lupine) pressure, leaving many areasof Transylvania open
for new Kindred to move in, Radu, originally assaulted by
the antiribu during the Anarch Revolt, decided against
defying the general will of his clan. With reservations, he
followed Vladimir Rustovitch's lead and became
the founding members of the Sabbat
Th still many Timisce present in the ten,
however. Sascha Vykos, through extensive Vicisitude
hasaltered her gender by way of disguise and has sworn to
rid Transylvaninof the accursed Tremere. She has learned
a moderate level of Thaumacurgy through het interactions

omeland
and

Trasnean Csoncs

6


with Tremere antitribu, and uses it to bear the Warlocks at
their own game, Marelle alo remains to fight for hee
homeland, roaming with her fleshcrafted pack of wolves
todefend thearea around Hermanstadt from the Camarilla

Although a Tsimisce ia blood only, Vlad Tepes still
calls Transvivania home, Dracula presently sides with the
Canuilla sect, but is growing disenchanted with its
strictness and petty bickering. Currently he stays out of
most politics, and handly any Kindred know his whete-
abouts of his actions

CLAN VentRue

Inarguably » powerful clan in Trinsylyania from the
beginning, the might of Clan Ventrue has grown during the
wars gains the Subbat. The legendary Guinite Bulyeu thes
from torpor inthe 16th century and takesover the leadership
mantle abandoned by Count Raduand Viadimir Rustovitch
Together with Vencel Rikard, Prince of Budapest, they
Present a united front against the Sabbat threat.

‘Nova Arpad has returned to her original domain of
Mediasch, and works nightly with the Hungarian nobility
to deliver Transylvania from the Turks, She succeeds in
1687 with the Habsburg takeover of the region. Nova
actively supports closer ties berween the Tremere and the
Venteue, seeing unity between the two clansasanavenue
to securing complete domination of the Balkan country
She also champions the oppression brought by the
Habsburg leadership, and will sufer the consequences for
this in the 19th century, after 200 years of brutal rule.

‘The Ventnie armor, though, ts nor without its weak
points. Roland, once Bulscu's devoted servant, iow works
asa spyand informant to Count Jocalo of the Followers of
Set. In the nearfuture, the Setites exploit histo its fullest
extent, as Roland becomes « very useful tool indeed
against his former Ventrue masters,

Omer Factions: THe BAALI

‘This bloodline has created a nest of havens near
Deva, on the site where the Cathedral of Flesh exists.
They worship the demon Kupala and enact rituals to
weaken the web that hinds his heart to the earth. Their
leader, Ansen, claims yovereignty over Deva and keeps a

wary eycon the political ainuation of the region. lromiaally,
the Camarilla and Sabbat preoccupation with destroying
each other has made the idea of Bali prince a somewhat
minor annoyance that can be dealt with later. Ansen also
‘protects the most devious secret of the Cathedral of Flesh:
Ics no longer there. Only a great pit emains where the
Cathedral once was, and none of the Baali ate telling
‘what happened

INTEGRATING THE SECTS
Ie

quite possible that your group of characters are
members of different factions after the events in the
previous two instullmentaof the Transylvania Chronicles.

The coterie could be any imaginable combination of
‘Camarilla, Sabbat, anarch and independent vampires. At
this point, most Storytellers arc thinking, "How the hell
am I going to get these people to work together!" How:
‘ever, itis still possible (und likely) to integrate the sects
‘and get your players' characters to hook up.

First, despite the Convention of Thorns and the
formation of the Sabbat, older vampires still tend to
‘maintain ties and work "above" sect lines. Two Kindred
who have allied in centuries before do not cease to be
allies simply because one is now Camarilla and the other
Sabbut. Also, vampires of any sect will ally temporatily
with vampires of another f necessity dictates it. These
alliances are viewed in a different way than the same
alliances would be in the present-night World of Darkness.
Remember, the Camarilla and Sabbat are less than twa
centuries old at the beginning of Ill Omens. They'te still
newborn otganizations in most elder vampires' minds,
and they haven't built up che centucies of animosity they
hold now. Independent vampires have no restrictions
they can work with anyone they choose. The anarchs can
ally with the Camarilla or the Sabbat, as the anatchs are
not necessarily enemies of either sect

{fall else fails, the characterscan resort to the tried and
true political weapon of any arena: the lie, Nobedy knows
what sect vou are part of just by looking at you (the
‘Tremere antiritu won't have to deal with that problem
until the mid-1700s), and nobody is forcing you to tell
them. If most of the group is Camarilla, for example, the
remaining Sabbat vampires may choose to lie about their
affiliations. What's wrong with alittle spyingamong friends?

This does not mean that rension won't exist, or that
the characters won't have to make rough choices at some
point... thar'eall part of good storytelling. Sect differences
can actually enhance the game in many situations. Look
at this as an opportunity for some memorable story
moments, not an insurmountable hurdle that threatens
to derail your chronicle.

THe KInDRED
Tiistorny oF DARK
TRANSYLVANIA

At the conclusion of Son of the Dragon, the yeat i
1495, inthe twilight of the Late Medieval Ages und awaiting
the dawn of the Renaisance. Almost rwo centuries suas
before the first Act of TI Omens in 1680. [rs quite a jump in
time period, aed hae jump covers some of the most tumultuous
times in Kindred and kine history alike. What has changed
in these two centuries! In ane word: everything,

Gam Ow

i


Tue RIVALRY OF AGes

‘The feud between the Camarilla and the sect that
vwill soon be known as the Sabbat begins immediately
following the Convention of Thorns. The ideological
differences between the two sects have divided them to
such a point that wach side cannot suffer the other's
presence in the modeen World of Darkness. The previous
installment of the Transylvania Chronicles covered the
formation of the Camarilla in great detail, so here we will
resent the development of che Sabbat and the conflict
that followed

Transylvania has always been a hotbed of conflict for
the Tremere and the Tsimisce, and when those clans fall
conto opposite sides of the Camarilla/Sabbur division,
theit war takes on a new importance. Both sects use the
small Carpathian nation as the first battleground in a war
that will last until the end of the 17th century.

Presaine Up tie Barner

Many anarchs did not accept surrender to the
Camanilla at the Convention of Thorns in 1493. Their
revolt had ended in failure. Elders still held the real
power, and the younger vampires' freedoms were still
‘aurtailed, Some even argued that the situation worsened
under the strict Camarilla,

In two instances, this sentiment spread clanwide
The Lasombra had the added fear of harsh retribution
They had claimed ro have succeeded in destroying theit
own Antediluvian and the elders of many other clans
during the Anatch Revolt, and the Camarilla certainly
would not lersuch a thing go unpunished. They knew the
Toreador and Ventre eyed their homeland of Spain
bhungrily, and woold useany meansto try tousurp Lasombea

fluence. Entrance into the Camarilla offered just
a means for them ro do 30, under the guise of *punishin
the Lasombra for their actions in the Anarch Revolt.

The Tsimisce also refused as a clan to join the
Camanilla, but for an entirely different reason. They did
‘notcareubout retribution fr destroying their Antediluvian;
indeed, unbeknownst to most of them, the Trimisce
Antediuvian survived the anarch attack and masqueradled
as one of the revale's ladlnre: Quit of pica, che Trieniccu
would never nccept jurrender of any sort to their hated
‘enemies, the Tremere. Surrendering to the Ventrue was
nearly as bad, adding insult to injury. Joining the Camarilla
would cause the Trimisce to lose the Transylvania they
had defended for generations. The Fiends could never
willingly give Transylvania to the very forces they had
fought against, This was completely «acceptable to any
Trimisce worth thename. and theelan unwed tacontinise
their fight. Additionally, many ofthe clan's vampires saw
159 need for a Camarilla, and rerumed to governing the
night with eldritch power as they always had in the past.

‘The Lasonnbea und Tsimisce brought togethers many
‘ofthe remaining anderibu as possible to continue where the
Anarch Revolt had left off. Ironically, the Camarilla
gathering at Thorns brought together all the opponents of
the Convention as well as its supporters, and served ns the
perfect initial mecting for the future Sabbor members.
Both the Lasombra and Tsimisce realized that part of the
failure of the revolt was due to its disorganization; it could
not stand up to the unity of the Camarilla,

Thedissidents met in seceet in Spain and Trancylvania
wherethe ewo leading clanscould guatantee « certain level
of security, During these meetings che details of what
would soon beanew sect were hammered out. The Lavonia
championed the move ta being the antinibu tnea a group
thar could defy the Camilla in an orgunized fashion, The
Teimisce helped design the structure of the sect, twisting
and. warping the positions of the Church to strike a
symbolic blow ar the Inquisition (which was in fall swing,
throughout Europe at this time). They soon came upon the
name for the organization, taken from the witch
‘The sect would be called the Sabbat

The Gaeat Wan Brows

‘TheCamarilladrappedits defenses after the Convention
of Thorns, thinking the matter of the anarchselosed. The
‘Sabb used this window to strike brutally and unexpectedly
sn Spain, Hungaryand Transylvania, I hese were the only
organized areas of resistance; groups that would later be
affiliated with the Sabbat revolted on their own through
‘out Europe. Despite a severe numerical disadvantage, the
Sabbar achieved success through planning, tactics and
surprise, The Trimisce used the Vaulderie to cn
unshakable morale in the packs that executed the
attacks, They instituted the practice of Creation Rites,
the imhuman feeding practices that distanced the Sabbat
from the Camarilla and from mortals and the Embrace of
mass fodder to throw against che Camurilla,

In crying to organize itself and keep itself secret from
humanity, the Camuarilla had created its own Achilles!
hhee!, and the Subbat explotted this tthe fullest. Breaking
the Masquerade and assassinating the elders of Camurilla
tities became the primary goals of Sabbat incursions
Although the Sabhat held no love for the Inquisition, at
times they used it to their adv fan attack on a
Cumarilla stronghold did not eesult in success, they insured
thatan Inquisitor would take notice and "clean up" the mess
the Sabbat uncovered through breaking the Masquerade

The Sabbat also sparked revolts, especially in
‘Transylvania. In 1514, the peasants of Transylvania tose wp
‘against the tyranny oftheir mortal and Kindred masters. The
Sabbat threw as much support as possible hehind it. This
unwittingly paved the way for Oxtoman takeover of parts of
Hungary, which worked to neither Camasilla nor Sabbat
advantage. The conflicts with the Sabbat and the peasantry

Tusors Groves fl

18


\weakened Transylvania to the point chat the local princes
had to accept Orcoman surerainty (the vassalage of
‘Transylvania to the Ocroman Empire) ss the Tutks gradu-
ally surrounded the Carpathian nation. Oreoman presence
curtailed the poworof the Camarills princes in theregion, and
the Assamites who came with the Turks battled their traitor
co antioabu brethren with teligious furor.

For the first half-century of the conflict, the Sabbat
enjoyed tremendous success. The Camarilla and its elders
could not adapt quickly enough to the Sabbat's new
methods of warfare. Hardestadt and Rafael de Corazon
frantically planned with the other Founders and princes of
powerful Camanilla cities, trying to formulate a strategy. If
the Sabbat successes continued, their newly formed
Camarilla might fall after less than acenunty of existence.

We'tt ALwavs Have Vienna

During the chaos at the begining ofthe Sabbat wary,
Ecrius decided ro move the Tremere Chantry from earisto
‘Viera. He had planned the tnove for quite some time,
folding a new chantry un that Austrian city ower the pt
century. Now, however, the need totelocate was inimediat
The Octoman leacless who dominared Transylvania after
1526 followed the advice of the Avsamites, who had free
‘gn in the country during is vaealage After dhe eure
pliced on them at Thoms, the Asunites made Ceors «

prime marge fr Orremin and "ae Satbbat™ incuions
If this weren't bid enough for the Tremereathey —
util ac pagan iis SABHA TON a |
‘Transylvatiin directed most of their fury acehe Tremere, |
tnevine hee ot ree eee ne |
1

Alo, Gargoyles Pron haga sean nie
‘ing thie times Even tothe
sehen Se ie ene we j
(Coos from attack

Transylvania thus became a very wnhealthy place for |
the Couneil of Seven, Enrias left bis ented tleutenant,
‘Aran of Golden Lae, ip change of Cop and moved
everthing of port Vien — inching tii he |
slumbering form of the elan founder. tt was » dangerous
jowiurey ty adcrusbcy mand aumay Sonvoys iy Austin auf i
fered attacks by one-cr all of the Tremere enemies. (Ove
igen i nade Te ie ali
‘when Gargoyles fell on the convey transporting his body,
sand destroying them singlehandedly wid a maasive storm
coflightniny) But the move was worth dhe rise. Vienna was
mich better defended, roore economically stable, and
rwch more politically infantil than Ceo Essa it
Je the perfect bise for the Tremers to wateh'the chon art
developments in their old homeland Later, Vienna bes |
‘cau the iealsitetowatch Transylyaniafrom abi hugh
Hungary and the Habsburg leadership there.

+ ee lee:

‘THe Tine Turns

‘The Sabbur continued to fight wielousy, but tactics and
surprise could nocgive them anedge forever. Once the Cumann
realized it was dealing wich a ull lsiges! war, und learned the
‘vay in which the Sabbat waged it, they began fighting back
"They drew from the rwondvantages they had that could tare
‘Camarila victory: numbers and mortal influence

Even with the mass fodder they created, the vast majotity
‘of which died during their assaults, the Sabbat simply did not
have enough vampiresto support asustained conflict. Asthe
war dragged on for a century and beyond, the Subbae coud
rot keep the leve! of engagement high enough to achieve
‘new mins, oreven topeeserve oll ones, They also bit
problems with the mortal governments and societ
areas they claimed. When the right Can
in the right mortal ears, the Sabba quickly Tost the support
of local kine leaders. Few barons or princes gave Sahbar
leaders support, either in gold or troops. Trade all but ceased
in Sabbat cities and guilds and artisans moved elsewhere
Although arguably more effective in open conflict, the
Sobbat eventually had to withdrave under the less violent,
but far more effective, counterattacks of the Camarilla

The Sabbat quickly found that it had no aafe haven
Mortal society crumbled in the areas it took from. the
(Camanila: Even the original domains of its most powetful
archbishops came under political and economic salt
Many Sabbatalso realized that the war, with its eenplas
taking cities und defeating the Camaritia, hd lost track of
the ideals and reasons behind the war, which was to defeat
the Antedifuvtans that ined Cites as thoi pawns. The
Sabbat needed to find somewhere to retreat to and bandage
its wounds, place to reevaluate its purpose and find what its
soals realy were. Eventually the Sabbut leadership decided
fon Seanlinavia, the cold, remote
region in northern Europe. By the late 1600s the vast
majority of the Sabbat had relocited to this region, although
several outcroppings of Sabbat cerritory still remained in
Europe. The Teimisce, led hy Vladimir Rustovitch and
‘Courit Radu Bistr\ regrettably bur necessarily retreated frotn
their hometand of Transylvania, folding under de Treeere

and Ventrue onslaught: They retained close contact with
the Trimterw who remained, and made 2.pynmice

toitodes still there that one night the Sabbat would return to
revake Transylvanin

Many Sabbat also saw another option. Actoss the
Atlantic, anew, untamed world lay open, fee of Camarilla
corruption and repression. Lupine presence was rumored
to be fairly high, but many Sabbat preferred to face an
enemy thar fought our in the open rather than the
duplicisous treachery of the Camarilla, The Tsimisce
particularly saw the Americas asa welcome place; hadn't
they cowed the werewolves ini their own homeland? Thus
began a mass exodus of Snbbat to the New World, and the
conflict between Camarilla und Sabbat began anew ot
different shore.

spanely populated

Coseran One

19


Wn Nor? Evervnony €r sers Domne fit
At this point in bistory-some Sabbat oiembers in
Your coterie may want to mowé with thete antitribw friend
tothe New World, 1¢may jee fustrating for them to sec
the Sabbat gradually gerits collective ass handled rot, ond
the idea of heing the firs Bishops of New York oe Bastion
can be quite tempting: It abo possible that Hue Canal
members of the group might wits to do aa, i well not
very Old World princedow is & crown jewel, anidithere

ute plency af places to gee a new sare inthe: Amaticae
Ii this choice comes up, you's a Storytéller have a
tough decision. If you wah 10 continie with' the
Transylvania Chronicles and the story of Gchennd, then
ln te best thw chatactocs stay geographically close te
‘Transylvania, Ia moder nights, Kindred can fét arounet
slobe tra few hours, burin the 1600sie takes weeks t0
tic const-and then another two-months 10
iene: Ifyou take this oprion, stress the
"keeping up the good fight" forthe Subba,
easy as baving a Sabbatarchbishop ask them
characters might also find ir interesting to
ies anal infilerste the oxreed Camanlla, For
prowling werewolves and unciv\-
-d wild might be enough to.convince them a stay home

In either ese, the characters (assuming your tr

played the Transylvania Chronicle fromthe first book are

itmight
to say. Th

wobbly ld and peiwerfly sid Nkely have mie they
would he loath to leave behind,
they do decide totelodace tb Seandinavla orthe New
World, bur want ¢0 keep with the stele is fuer install
of the Transylvania Chronicles, then mst of the
cts will need major reworking to fir into your iow attire
This is pertestly fine; if you feel up-to i, (P's your gue.
Another opticn is taking your own story ina different
direction: The festtwo chionicles havegiven yoircoterie's
characters ahell of a mart;and maybe now jon want wo tell
tbe story ofthe Sabbat fighting for control of the harsh new
environs in the New World, [n yisir chronicle, they might
even succeed. Discuss with your players and see whit they
want to-do, and whae story youwnnt to tell, Once yu
Acide, history sin Your capable hands

Tuat Wich DoesNot Km Us...

In reality, the Camarilla had never been
totally collapsing, but ehe Sabbat s
wake-up call. Hardestades naive not
all the clans together under one ©
impossible ame and again during the contlict. [se Setites
declined to join, t arilla Ki
and the best that could be yarn \
a promise in 1528 to stay out of Kindred
least guaranteed that they would not suppo

hut hee
mnisation was proven
he relief of many a Ca: red,

us (li
the Sal

Tuten Gren I

n


The Camarilln became stronger in response. Princes
learned the tactics of the Sabbat, and strengthened their
leadership and protective measures against crusades. The
overall structure of the Camarilla was solidified by the
Founders; it is at this time thar the practice of having
Conclaves. justicarsandarchons develops, Positionssuch
as seneschal, keeper of Elysium and sheriff were institu
tionalized in all Camarilla cities, and some princes even
{nstinited the ancient office of the scourge. Many anarchs
(and Sabbat) would argue that this made the Camarilla
leven more oppressive, bat ir did make the organization
more capable of withstanding etemity, the vampite's
greatest asset — and enemy.

UNLIFE IN TRANSYLVANIA

As the advantage swung from the Sabbat to the
Camarilla in Transylvania toward the end of the 16th
century, the princes in the region began working to end
the Ottoman suzerainty that constrained both their Kindred
and mortal influence. Unfortunately, the continuing
Sabbarskirmishes, the chaos thar the ansionby left in their
wake. and the fends hetween the Camarilla princes made
those efforts largely futile

Their first attempt was by far the most successful.
Playing on the discontent brought by Ottoman tule in the
peasantry, a mortal leader numed Michael the Beave
sought 1 unite the lands of Transylvania, Tara
Romaneasca and Moldavia underone rule. His efforts did
not gain Kindred notice at frst, but when Michael brought
the three regions together and won hie first victories
against the Turks in 1595, the Ventrue of Transylvania
saw the mortal general as a possible solution to their
Ottoman problems.

With the subtle backing of Ventrue capital and
political support, Michael achieved what he sought with
incredible swiftness, By 1599, he had solidly united the
three regions under his rule and largely eliminated Turkish
influence in Transylvania, The Ventre princes admired
their handiwork, bloated with the combined ego of
defeating the Subbat, expelling the Turks and uniting
Transylvania under a powerful ruler whose ear they had.
"That fo they adeniced it until it almoscimmcdiately began
to collapse.

The Assaunites, furious at the Ventrue victory, began
working to restore Turkish domination by undermining
the princedoms of the Camarilla in the Carpathians. The
Tremere saw the Ventruc actions as an attempt to shut
them out of Transylvania, a treacherous move given the
two clans' historical alliance in the area, The Warlocks
spared. no expense supporting che Elabsbung klnghenns
from Vienna as they attempted to take Transylvania for
their own, Even the Ventrue in Transylvania began
squabbling among themselves, and Venerue princes a far

away as Germany and Poland tried to steal the rich, newly
Independent nation to ada to their own demesnos

‘Michael the Brave was assassinated by German agents
{11 1601, just ewo yearsafter hishistorie achievement. The
‘Ventrue spent the next 60 years vying among each other
for influence, each «poncoring different mortals for the
kine government af Transylvania. It became a game of
prestige and power to sce who backed the mortal who
would ascend to the Transylvanian throne. Faced with
Tremere supported Habsburz aggression on one side and
Assamire-supported Ottoman aggression on the other,
these mortal rulers fought a losing battle to hold the
princedom together. Wars and shifting alliances wracked
the emall nation, and finally, in 1659, Transylvania again
fell under Ottoman suzecainty, this time stronger than it
had been before Michael the Brave,

ATTACK, COUNTERATTACK AND
Renercion

Again in control of Transylvania, the Ottoman Empire
turned its eyes toward the prize of Vienna. It had always
been a goal of the Turks to take Vienna, the most powerful
sity in Eastern Europe, and the Assimites now baal added
incentive to urge the invasion on. From 1660 until 1683,
Transylvania served as little more than the staying are:
for a massive Turkish attack on Vienna. In July of 1683,
Sultan Mehmed IV himself led his troops trom
Transylvania to the walls of Vienna and sieged the city

The Tremere were frantic. Etrius had moved the
chantry to Vienna specifically because it was safer than
Cearis, and now the Turks were at the city's doorstep,
Many Venrrue refused to send aid because of Tremere
takeover attempts earlict in the century, and few other
clans had enough political might in the area to do anything
In desperation, Etrius began making plans on how to
‘escape from the city with the sleeping bedy af Tremere
he could preserve the clan.

Ultimately, the siege ended without the aid of any
other Camarilia clan. The pope in Italy, seeing an Oroma
takeover of Vienna asa grave blow to an already schism-
weakened Catholic Church, gathered # holy alliance of
the papacy, Italy and Poland to come to Vienna's aid. The
combined force defeated the Oxtamans by September,
and the sultan retreated with heavy losses, To this night,
no Tremere knows (or will say) what Kindred, if any,
came to theiraid in the situation. Ifa specific Cainite, ot
even a clan, spurred the pope's assistance in the matter,
the Tremere would owe them a great debt. The Ventrue
whisper among themselves that the masterful Fabrizio
Ulfila may have orchestrated the affair, bur that august
individual has yet to step forward and claim any laurels,

The Tremere took full advantage of their salvation,
however, and spurred their Habsburg allies into action

Guene One


The Habsburgs chased the retreating Ottoman army through
Hungary and into Transylvania. By 1687, the Turks had
tboen completely expulsed from the region, and the Habsburg
dynasty was firmly in control. Finally che Tremere bad
‘egained a measure of control in their Eastern Europe.
‘The Habsburg dynasty rid Transylvania of any outside
influence by stripping Transylvania of its autonomy and
selling Transylvanian titles to loyal nobles (including a
number of Tremere- and Ventrue-backed puppets). This
decreases! the personal power af the nables already in the
region, and sparked a series of rebellions in the {8th
century, The most important one, begun in 1703, was led
by a man named Ferenc: Rakoczi Il. Claiming that local
leaders were working with "a «eeret comanilla" in Vienna,
Ihe fought to end Habsburg rule. His claims, cutting far too
close co secrets the Camarilla Kindred wished to keep
secret, convinced many Cainites that he was Sabbat, or
support: The tevolt was defeated in 1711, but
it war not the last one; revolts again tore through
Transylvan

1737, 1744, 1759 and 1784.
THe WINDS OF
CHANGE

Nearly everything has changed by theend of the L7th
century. The Kenalssance is history iow, rather than a
new way of thinking. Leonardo dx Vinci, Shakespeare,
Galileo, Copernicus and Machiavelli have already lived,
changed how we look at the world, and died. Mart
Luther nailed his theses to the cathedral door over a
century ago, and the consequences of the Reformation
and Counter-Reformation that followed still resound
through Europe. The Inquisition has evolved from a
reaction to:an institution. Feucalism hascollapsed,inomarchies
are going out of style, and the cannon has become the
weapon of power in the Western world.

Notall of these changes directly affect Cainite unlife.
However, « few undoubcedly do, The schism between the
‘vampite sects Isa major change that alters the course of
Kindred history, but there are other products of that
division that ire more subtle but no less relevant. Also,
shilts in kine society make unlife even more difficult for
a vampire looking to make his mark in the wor!

Ruin Writ an IRON Fist
Kindred of the 17th and 18th century are faced with
«host of stumbling blocks to prominence. In the Middle
vg" was simple. You defeated, killed or forced

ute a local ruler whose domain you wanted to
susp. You then waltsed into the surrouns

proclaimed yourself prince of the region, and threatened
the very powers of hell upon anyone that did not pay tuxes
and submit to your tule. 1t was so... easy.

Notanymore. Now thar the Camarilla yokes seven:
the 13 clans, there are rules to play by. I's bad form t
actively and openly undermine the authority of a prince
in the same sect; such aggressions are better ditected
against the dreaded Sabbat. Youhave o besly, tricky, nd
follow the complex advice of chat bastard Machluvelll,
‘With only the precarious veil of the Masquerade protecting
the undead from the Inquisition's witch-fires, no Tonget
can you play the trump card of "I'm 3 vampire; serve me
cr die" that worked co well in joe past:

It's no easier in the Subba, either. It's nat that you
don't wane thie Latombra's bishopric for your own, its
just chat you happen to have a Viculum, with her and
hell, you're practically in love with her because of it. And
if you decide to crusade that nearby Camarilla city and
take it for yourself, it's almost guarantee that society
itself will fall apart the minute you succeed, and the
Inquisition will probably be close behind to cleat up. The
‘Camarilla doesn't like you, the Glovanni don like you,
the Setites don't Hike you, and you're retreating to
Scandinavia and over the ocean to the New World
Times definitely could be better

‘The feudal way of governing has largely disappeared
in the lasttwo centuries. Guilds, tradersand artisanshave
taken a position of importance in the economy, and
though agriculture ty sill a major commodiey, it t=-n0
longer tinder the strict controls thae feudalism was able to
keep it under. Influence over money and trade is tuptdly
shifting from European leaders to European traders and
guilds. The monacchic systens of government sll hanes
‘on, which is the last bastion of old-style Kindred lender
ship, but it is besieged on all sides by constant peasant
revolts and uprisings. Soon, with the French Revolution,
the inleas of democtacy aud Liberty will sweep away the
monarchies of Europe

Cainites of the Renaissance and post-Renaissance
ages have to change the way they think in the very arenas
that gives them the ability to weather the passage of
eternity: politicsand government. The whale system they
are used to is unraveling, and by the 19th century will be
all but gone, Storytellers are encouraged 9 make this
change ns difficult as possibie; the Kindred who manage
to remain in power through this period are adaprable and
influential indeed. Gone are the nights of heavy-handed
tulership from craggy castles — these are the nights of
subtle influence and ucticns by eatspaw— and they will
be forever afterward,

‘Tue Ant or War

Kinded are used ro being the lors of the battlofield
No mortal weapon, save a well-aimed sword blow, can
hope to end theie unlife, and potent ghouls bolster their
legions of mercenaries: An army fiekled by an. undead

Tustin Cannas

n


leadersweeps through the medieval hattlefield, and nothing
can stop tt

War, as everything else, has changed drastically from
this picture. Although Cainites are still formidable, rifles
and cannon have made their existence much more tenuous,
The same weapons dispatch u ghoul nearly as fost at a
‘mortal soldier, and mercenurieshave become mote unreliable
‘as time goes on. Now you have to command armies of
loyal subjects and militias, which means you have to be
populur with thoce mortale you influence. And you muct
do it from the shadows, lest the commoners learn your
sanguinary secrets,

Armor has practically disappeared from the battle
field, Broad, slashing swords have given way hers
weapons, which can slip through the plates of any suit
armor. Rifle shot pierces most armor with ease, and armor

vy and cumbersome that it i good for
nothing but novelty, (In game terms, halve all medieval
armor ratings when dealing with thrusting weipons or
firearms.) Bow and arrow are gone, as well. Matchlocks,
raplers, muskets and cannon are the weapons of choice on
the battlefickd of the late-17th century and beyond. In fet,
tone of the only haklovers from ages past isthe horse, still
an effective instrument in post-medieval warfare. (¢ will
take the machine yun and cank in World Warf — almost

200 years in' the furure — to end cavalry's use as un
instrument of combat

Below are the statistics for the common weapons of
this area, Characters who wish t0.use these weapons mist
purchase the skills that correspond to them; archery will
ot aid is firing 0 gun, and soenvone with knowledge of how
(© use ut broadsword will likely die in his next rapier duc!

FINAL CONSIDERATIONS

The changing times emphaaized in Ill Omens are the
perfect opportunity to convert from Vampire: The Dark
Ages to Vampire: The Masquerade, if you have not
alteady done s0. The new lexicon, Disciplines, abilities
and mechanics bring the theme of change home just as
directly a» any story, The conflicts berween elders and
neonates, and the choices between Roads and Humanity
cor Paths of Enlightenment, all offer great storytelling
opportunities for any troupe.
Finally, we have said it before, but we will end this
chapter by saying it again: This is your story. Do with it
fit. This chapter is meant to suut your
wioorehan apd
stuidebook, Tell the story you want to ell; hopefully, what
‘we write here will help you tell the best story possible

17TH AND 181H-Centuny Weapons

Range

Reload Time

(with crew)

is chart rakes intoaccount the charypes made by Varapiret The Manquerade revised edition. Remember that

lama fom frearms i halved foe vampits, who teat tas ashing, rather than lethal, damage. These ae ao the nishts

before "sporting" rapiers — these rapiers do not have blunted tips aru do lethal damage. Storytellers usiny Vampire: The
Dark Ages ot the second exition of Vampire: The Masquicrade should adjust these weapons' Traits accordingly,

* Bystanders within 20 feet ofthe explosion take half damage from debris. Also, damage from cannonsand cannon debris

is not considered bashing damage for vampires.



Mark these signs, they are coming! Gehenna will be on

sA34

Mark the angel thar dis
— The Bouk of Nod

od under varying degrees of
‘lye 1500s, Dy

Transylvania bas ©
1, the Ottoman Empice h
ol of the region, and uses it as staging area for its
imminent atcack on Vienna. This has many effects on
eansylvania, beyond the simple changes in who gets tax
ud who fields the local armies. Transylvania in a

money
haven of religious freedom (at least when compared to
the rest of Europe), a font of learning and knowledge

unheard of in de West vay he
Inquisition. The Oteomans t
ve than che Western leaders they

ce does bring # few benefits to the

ciful of compa
replace, but theie
residents uf Train

Wh
Wen ars snl
Camuzilla, Their war hus raged for almost two centut
and it is clear the Sabbat cannot defeat its larger, mote
J and more influential enemy, Early on, the
Trimisce voivodes neatly swept the Ventrue and Tremere
from their land, bur gradually the Camarilla pushed back

Many of the Fiends who held Transylvania in theie ¢
since its inception fled during the war, and only a handful

made unlife easier for the victorious Camarilla princes,
however; the Asamites influence the mandate of the
Turks, and they make war with any Kindred whose goals

come inte conflice with the Ottoman Empire or Alamut

Carns Two

w


ActI:ANANGEL'S
Pea (Fat 1080)

» 1680, both k

thhreshol
West
Turks bide their time, waiting for the pe
strike. [eis at

dred and kine pause, Everything

The Sabbat-Camarilla wars wind

down; th aces for an Ottoman attack, and the

t moment to

moment that the eharie

1) a young woman nimed Maria
‘tknow ic at fist, M,

hunts in Ki

Though the

of one of the great (history, begun in

er. Mi
riginal Cappadocian

Burl Tnouens LWas

APPABOCIAN!

ne LASt

Wf the characters have played the previdus
Transylvania Chronicley, jc ls ponsible that one of the

Cappadscian. If this is the ease in Your
chronicle, several items need tc be Wakes int

haracters
elder:

The Giovanni are' obsessive, 1
thorouigh in their hunt for the tematning members of

' ne measures t0 hide his past (hiding

less. and very

he charac cer ax question bias

himself utretly
oof himself, 1
came in contacewith who

com the world, destroying all records
newh
), he at the very least cinnit exist openly in
ety. Ifthe Giavanni have even the smallest
shed of evidence to go ony they will hunt the ch
down and destroy him; tf the player thinks this.
unfair, remind him that he knew very well the history
«and willingly created a member
a doomed clan, We recommend that you bin
the destruction of any Cappadocian characters in your
chronicle, snber than Jetting them exist ns "the last
Cappadoctan.* This isnot to be cruel, but to preseryc
the tragedy of the clan's desteuctio
questions brought up-by this act. The destruction
should not be fickle or meaningless, and should provide
at storytellinigand deeper meaning ior your cheonicle

and the moral

Ifthe character hate go
his identity, or you decide
survive forchroni to keep the player
happyiand avoid hard feelings), then this cian lead to
some interesting developments, Maria Asunciin possibly
knows that the characte
him bidin
fin additional dile
survive, a# hi
tohand

nt lengths eo hile
exter fo let him

podociaty, vind may
true self That. can result

Aseraber eho Hosen
offered untold tiches and knowledge

take offense te

Teassevnes Crocs

%


‘The Storyteller may play the reception ofthese missives
asa short prelude before the first scene of the story. The
fast letcerissent to one coterie inember of the Storyteller's
choice, preferably the one who best fits the following
criteria. Maria sends ir co the character with the most
personal power or seeurest demesne. and ideally the one

igeographically closest co Transylvania, ancl with the least
ties to the Giovannt or the Sabbar. The most important
Consideration isthatthe characteris not Giovanni, though
the perfect choice is character who fits most or all of the
criteria. This character receives the following letter,
modified to fir thar character

Dean Prince

Y bid gow gueatings. God Ras smiled fatorably on you iw timer paal, and/you have parsadered
the paynin secapation und the wars with RePabhal. J pray that yourinflacnied may aor'
Kelp: mein my lime of necds
9 wish lospeak wilh you in eto) dechd? times an tRenightaf September the Second. the
Our Land 1680, concerning adpacialarrangement. Iknas ofgourkalddings andy fs
and I aminnonecd of ercoulordirections. J am sanding asimilarintitation twseeralather
your aequafiilunce thoakareyouvintereste, and they till be tRe only other than ask ke prerent

ataus medling.

iro

Feanmot tell you nat shat the special urvangement canderis, bulsd oilBrereal what I offer
in exchange for your-coaperation. Bath you andy nequainanees ase: om inf Bahinp

We. "
fragmants. concerning the lagendary time of SeRenna, J pasnuas several suck fragorenl ane am
willing (a/ahuie them With you The eaaatinaluie of tReae daciinante, aa wall da that Scal forthere
exchange. sill barautealad in-twta-weals' lime
Shank you foryourconaideration, andd oak fortandite mecting with you May God bless you
sd: ap you aufeuntil te meat
wy Hesse Mess
Maria Aounciin
Capilla de la Santa Seabella
embers of the coterie (excluding any,
inembersof the Giovanni clan) receive the following letter at
their residences. The Storyteller should include the name of
Dear Fallosrs,;
inge: J pray Gad fan amiled fatonably on you in these hard times forous Lind
Wayans wiqaatiing tte vicaka' Uma, an Diptarben Ibe Sinanaiin tha teas
Our and 1680, « fort Rouen after nightfall, a the dimeaneaf-ane-of your cafleaye
ladliseuns a propanaltith you Jeannat dideloai the mature af my prop.
that' of{R for yous coapanation, which magi inleraitGau.9 undatstand
praphecisa and fragments concerning the legendary timeof Sehinnad pa several such frag:
nd am wilting loshare:IReweontents &ith you, provided you ultend and agree
‘Thankyou foryaur consideration, and I look forstard tomecting yoru May God hess youand heap
yoirsaferuntil temeat, =
In His Mamas ——* ~
Marin Eruneian
Copilfads la Santa Isabella

the character who received the first leer, so the coterie
knows where the meering will tke place.


Spirit Touch reveals liedle about the letters, other than Any Giovanni charactersseceive a very different etter,
they carry an odd aura of hope mixed with doom. Any — ‘Thismissive ianatfrom Maria, bat from Don Pietro Gowan,
research into the Capilla de lx Santa Isabella is fruitless, a Necromancer in Budapest. Giovanni in Transylvania
unless the characters have contacts in the Church ot int report to him at least indirectly, and it is possible that the
Spain. In thar case, they learn thar the Capillawasachapel character hax met Don Pietro, ifthe issufficéencly important
hear Barcelona that housed asmall nunnery. Thechapelwas in Teaneylvanta: The letter implies that the character resides
bumed tothe ground inthe mid-1500sby the Inquisitionon in ornear Transylvania; ican be changed ifthe characteris
the grounds thar it harbored witches. They cannot find any in another

record of a Sister Maria Asuncin... at lenst, nor within the

two weeks allotted to them before the meeting.

Brother,

Greetings. I hope-that cveryihitigt {5 proceeding ell fe jou despite the
"complications brought by Ottoman presence. If the family can be of any assistance

to you, I urge you to let us know. We are enthusiastic to help any of our clan who
need it.

‘write this letter to you because a fellow family member and I willbe attending
you shortly. This #8 a very important visit. Our Giovanni brethreff are extremely »
interested inany knowledge youmnayhave of anancient tome referred toas the Book
of Nod,or of prophecies regarding what some call Gehenina. Lwish to converse with
youover these subjects. aswell as ahoutaitnexpected complication War has arisen
inthe regionof Transylvania. Ican saynomore of itin this letter, but icis sufficienthy
important to warrant my persopal attention. I regret [ cannot pive you a time in
which T will arrive; circumstanges do not permit it. But it will be soon.

Took forward to seeing you.

Signed, ©

Don Pietro Giovanni

Budapest, 20 August, 80

None of a Giovinnni character's clan contacts know esting storytelling moments, especially ifthe characters

"unexpected complication" Don Pietro «talking no longer get along with one another. This may be a

unt of searching reveals it. The first chance forsome "catching up" between coterie members,

lyand independently forherysinee theit feelings on the Comiarilla, Sabbat, Hebsburg> and

ved by Don Pietro and one other member of Clan Turks can fuel interesting and lively conversation. Hope:

Giovanni on the night the rest of her coterie meets Marin fully, the coterie works well together on some level,
Asunicién. The coterie reunites in Scene Two, without truly major rivalries.

A Giovanni character, despite not receiving an invi+

Scene Ont: A DANGEROUS tntion, may find out about the mecting if the coterie 1s
GAMBLE close Init and communicates often, If she chooses to,
Aftertwowecks, the night of September 2nd nrrives, come to this meeting, the Storyteller should remind her
All the coterie members, except any Giovanni, should that she was nor invited, and Marin made i clea om
come to the selected character's manse (castley are these invited are to attend. Furthermore, Dan Pietro has
becoming outmoded forms of residence, even in alteady mentioned that be will be visiting at some
Trmaylvania) and await the atrival of the mysteriou specified time, which may he that same night. Ifthe
Maria Asuncion. The walt may in itself offer some inter Glovanni still wishes ter go so the meeting with Mas

Trasuana Grows
B


then Don Pietro and his very important guest find th
character not at home and ae sorely disappointed (which
they mention in Scene Two, when they meet with the
coterie). If the character behaves like # loyal "beother
and stays home, then he is present when Don Piet

The Arrivat
characters start to feel
ine ofthe hosting character's servants wnni
ge has arrived at the manse, It 6 sm
lightly loaded, with no passengers
nly its driver. The character hosting the mecti
otder the servant to help the driver with
baggage, but the rervant reports that the w
any aid. The chanicters mayalso ak the setyant to search
the carriage (or ani Obfuscated character may try it,
well) once Maria is away from it, hoping to steal the
fragments she spoke af in the letter. The search reveals
nothing other than a few changes of clothes, a rosary and
an old copy of the Bible, M . ha
pened whien she returns to
distrust the characters immediately
Moments later, Maria. Asuncisn the rom.
3a dusty brown traveling cloak, wooden cruci
we brushes back
lithe and thin, movin
et alluring. be

any charncters with Auspex, but spa

¢ unmistakable golden aura, faint but notice
1 possessor of True Faith. If any characcer asks her cli
she simp Jantess, and thar i
herreasons forseeking this audience. Camatilla chacacters
may hear warning bell iffin

A Caitiff

to partake of another She then
asks chat all servants and ni
chamber; she explains thar wh
meant. for their ears. She also scowls at any Giov
cospeak further ifthat character remains. Ifthe
characters 40 thoroughly, bids the
leaves. In that circumstance, you can skip to Scene Two,
leaving the characters with the distinct impression that
they may have acted pootly. Ideally, the situation should
not devolve oor an attempt to expture Maria

Caan Two

x»


(though the characters ate free to do so if they really
want...). Maria has little in the way of combat ability,
though her Disciplines snd True Faith should give the
characters few problems before they eapture her. If they
capture het, they find the two prophecies mentioned
below in a satchel she carries, hut do not find any of the
ftygments revealed in the later parts of the act
As soon as any ghouls, servants and Giovanni leave
the room, Marin takes a small satchel from her cloak and
Iepins wo 9peak, "Thank youl for hoedling my xequeat for
your presence. As I snid, 1 have 9 proposal 10 make. But
‘ken of good faith, Ubring you a simall item from
the prophecies | mentioned in my letter. This should
3,49 Loads and serve at
meeting with me.

on the previous prophecies

the characters tranalated with the plate they found at the
Tihuta Pass. The characters may translate it immediately
(especially if one of the characters hay taken the time to:
earn che language in which che prophectes have all been,
recorded to date} or wait until after the meeting, The
scroll contains only one complerely legible fragment.

And the warped and curl hawd reaches ty

ig the Aesonis heart from the earth, cbitching
sand ponttivig it frome the tainted soit, avid guides
thus the demote de its Bidding and spread ite
fontness to alt sarmers, It is then hat GFeheronn
domes npon ns atte

Ifasked, Maria claims not to know the meaning of the
prophecy: [eis not herarea of experase, and thus shy she ts
offering it as barter, After giving the scroll o the characters,
she continues

"Lasked you all to meee me here for the following
Purpose: | wish sanctuary in your demesne for two months.
All L require is your protection and a secluded place to stay,
to continue my research. T have little in the wy of
tesources or belongings, and not enough to provide for my
‘own facilities. I you agree; | will give you one tragment
upon your agreement, and another at the end of the two
months. fT require more time, I will offer you other
prophecies to continue your protection."

The charictets may get suspicious ar this poine (and
justifiably so). Ifthey ask if Maria isrumning from anyone,
‘or needs protection from a specific pursuet, ahe replies
that she possesses many areane texts and a great deal of
knowledge tar many Kindred seek. She has become
puranoid over het unlife, and never takes unnecessary
risks. The characters should be able to relate to this
reasoning quite well.

Maria Asuncion gives no further explanations, and
the characters may discuss her offer among themselves,
She invited them all to the meeting in ease the ideal
choice (the hosting character) refused; she could then ask
for protection in ane of the remaining characten' do»
mains. [f they all flatly cfuse, she nods lightly, and er
aura quickly shifts to fear and desperation. She leaves the
‘manse, and the act proceeds to Scene Two,

{fone or all ofthem agree, she thanks them and blesses
thea in the tame of Saint tsabella. The characsers may
‘make whatever arrangements they wish; she asks litle tn
the way of accommodarions and takes almost any quarters
offered her, though she is noticeably uncomfortable in a
Nosferatu havent.

Upon the characters! agreement, she femoves-a
surprisingly light stone tablet from the satchel, writen in
the sane familiar seript, which transtares into the following.

It ts clear the prophecies ate from two very different
locales and time periods, written by two very different
authors, Maria claims not to know where they were
‘originally found. They were part of the library of her
chapel, nd she took them so they would not be destroyed
inthe fire

Maria resides quietly for several days, but speaks
seadily with ony characters about biblical nnd scholarly
subjects. She ix especially fascinated by any discussion af
Martin Luther, Calvin, the Inquisition and the Counter:
Reformation. However, after wo weeks, the most unique
visitors begin arriving in the areaand inquiringabout her,

Famity Arrains
"Thar same night, any Giovanni characters receive a
visit from Don Pietro Giovanni and his guest. The two
arrive inacarringe clearly marked with the heraldry of the
‘Urovannt, driven by two ghouls armed with rapicrs and
matchlock rifles. The ghouls leap down when the carriage
stops ind open the doors for the Giovanni. They then
flank the wo Kindred as they enter the character's manor,
Don Pietro is balding and portly, dressed in the latest
Italian finery and sporting rings on each of his chubby
fingers, His skin is pitted and searted from childhood
disease, He isa stark contrast to the Cainite he accompanies,
who the character might possibly recognize, The second
Kindred is Ambrogino Giovanni, the trusted enforcer
andrighthandof the clan's founder, Augustus. Ambrogino
awell-trimmed


beard. He wears the same style of clothing.as Don Pietro, _nrea, carefully plum
bur with far less embellishment knowledge. He is nor
Don Pictto greets the character ina manner appro- of eva
priate to their relationship; if they have met belore, he fhe think
tates that -en far too long since they've chatted conversa
gives the character a warm embrace, If nor, he ground,

ineroduces himself

riot allowed him te

wet if the character ts ambiguou

come less cordial tot
pswers are outright Ives

nonchalantly, as if silently critiquing its qu:

Finally, Don Pietro comes to the point oft

introduces Arabrogino Giovanni, who simply nods to the *Our visit

character and says nothing. Ifthe character didn't realize has discovered a yr

he knows anything of Ambrogino). Ambrogino is presen

hecause

and he wishes to be the one remembered as the destroyer several fi
the last Cappade

1e two Giovanni expect to be treated

before, he now knows, and might be called the Book of Nod. It

he visit concems (assuming about a time called Gehenna,

inexplicable calamity that is toe
isis the cumulation of two centuriesof genocide, und we have heart yx

or at least have
iments of Geh
you know of thist

onored Don Pietro listens very carefull
again noting when the character

atisfied with whatever information

s. If they are brought to any room but the finest in character says
the house, or offered victims of anything but the highest truthful. He seem
«quality, hey are disappointed at the character's howpitality. the character divulges; if the charac

h the

economic changes, how ¢

omfortable,Don Pietro Den Petro calls up several wraiths la
tsasthe Turks,the subtly torment the ch

actet (both duriny

has fared... fairly hours und in hiv dreams during the day) to te

undane items. He then asks whether the character has "small lesson'

nan occult Hbrary (and asks to see it ifthe character does; their discu

conversation continues there),
what the

er has learned f

the ghosts in the

Gare Two
31

on how to treat family mem

ion conclude

fe inquires about second, and most important, point


"How much do you know of the history of our lan?"
Regardless of the intricacy of the answer, Don Pietro
continues, "We gaitied the right to be a clan by taking it
from Cappadocius, un unworthy and insane vampire who
dreamed of becoming God himself — urtet blasphemy
We have destroyed mont of hie heood, who fanatically
devote themselves to the same cause, But a few... one,
actually... still exists, We know she is in Transylvania,
and we would like your help in tracking her down,"
The character now may mention the mesting the
other members of his coterie are having with a mysterious
‘woman, if he knows about tt. Don Pietro contemplates
this for several moments. "it's possible she's the
Cappadocian we hunt. She may be seekiny sanctuary,
bartering her knowledge for safety. But it won't help hes."
If the character agrees to help them, Don Pletro
smiles. "Good, good. We will remain here for the day, and
then you can come with us tomorrow evening. We ate
going to chase her down and bring an end to the
Cappacloeéan clan, You will have a place in history for
‘your help." However, if the character refuses, Don Pietro
becomes very agitated. "You wish no pate in history Tan
hardly believe what [ am heating. Not supporting in the
{treatest crusade of our clan? Sheer folly. Well, if i is nor
too much for you, brother, I would appreciate it iF you
‘could provide my colleague and L with « oom for the day,
60 we can rest our ghouls and hones. Then we can
continue on with our hunt... without your help."

te Fellow Kindred,

Whatever the outcome, Don Pietto and Ambrogino
temain with the character for the day and set our the next
evening, with or without the character, toward
Transylvania (or toward the demesne that Maria chose, if
they ate already in Transylvania). In a few aights, they
contacts, or the character heats of it through his own
sourees if he did not join Don Pietro and Ambrogino.

Scene Two: DAWNSONA
CuHesspoarD

The act continues on the assumption that the char-
acters accepted Maria's offer, and she is staying ar one of
thecharacter'shavens. If Maria walked ouror the charac:
ters refused to give her sanctuary, the Storyteller needs to
adapt the rest of the uct to reflect this. The characters are
the last Kindred co have seen her, and still receive alll che
following offers. They should be the ones who find her, if
they actively hunt her down. If they want no part of the
situation, they should hear of the climactic final scene
th their contacts.

Alter vo weeks have passed, the characters simul
neously receive a letter and a visit. The letter comes from
France, and it should amaze the characters with its hasti-
ness in detivery. After they read it, they should also be
amazed at how quickly snformation travels in the Kinded
community. It is written in French, addressed co the
character who is sheltering Maria, and it reads as follows.

1 bid you greetings froni the lands of France. This letter precedes the arrival of one

of my emissaries, who is en route to

‘Lam sure eye know firsthand. However:
ong overdue. BN = ,
am sending similar

corresponded with you before; tie adi Ere

your princedom. We regret that we have not

mates closer relations diff

icult, as.

Furkish presence aside, the time for avisitis

leas 66 her tnfluctbsat
fechosen peur demesne to recetvt-the honor of 9

indved in the area, but T have
emissary's visit. He will arrive on

the Thirtieth, The other Ki in thetarea know this as. well. and
accommodations should be made for my emissary, the local princes and their
entourages. The festival for the meeting should last rights! Iwill be a fabulous start
to relationship that 7 hope-will last the test of thme! My emissary 1s also looking
forward' to meeting your invriguitatg quest, the ‘Maria. Word of her has reached'
even my court here in Paris, and everyone is fascinated by the possibilities even here.
1 thank you for your time, brother Kindred, and look forward to closer ties with you.)
Sincerely,

‘Francois Villon
September the Tenth, 1680

Teawsieviaes Corowcs f
2


If the characters are members of the Sabbar, they
may tke offense to this letter (or see tt as » wonderful
‘opportunity to off some Camarilla stooges). In. this
situation, the prince of Parivalso includes a list of people
he sent invitations to; it contains a remarkable mix of
both Camaritla and Sabbat vampices. All arc at least
elders, and are old enough to consider the sect division
f very recent development that cin be conveniently
ignored. (The characters themselves are likely part of
‘this age group of vampires.) When tie chatsctcts discaves
just how much personal status they stand to gain from it
they should see the value of going cheough with the
festival and keeping things peaceful.
The other characters in the
group receive a smaller letter,
informing them of the fes-
tive arriwal of Villon's
representative on. Sep-
tember 30, at che hosting
character's demesne.
They can' deduce that
every other influential
Kindted in Transylvania
received similar missives.
Even as moderately pow-
cerful elders, there's always
someone somewhere who
can order them around at a
whim; they realize that the
Prince of Paris is one such
potent Kindred. The next few
weeks should be filled with
frontic preparations for the
cemissary's arrival, and curiosity
‘over their guest, Maria Asuricin.
The unexpected visitors arrive
fon the samme night the letter does, and
all the charaeters should be present for the
meeting if posible. Ic is Don Pietro Giovanni (along
with any Giovanni characters). The test of the act
assumes that there are no Giovanni characters; if there
are, Ambrogino and Don Pietro request those characters
to conduct all negotiations, adhering to the same guide-
lines Don Pietro does in the following conversation. Of
‘course, the characters nay resend such division between
the characters' allegiance to their compatriots and to theit
notionsof clan dury" should make for intense storytelling.
‘The Giovanni earriage arrives in the same manner
described in Scene One, and the Giovanni act and expect
to be mented in the sitme way. There is one exception;
Ambrogino docs not come to this meeting. The presence
of such an infamous Giovanni would tip the elan's hand
too early; Ambrogino handles the later negotiations
+ the true identity of Maria ts revealed

After introductions and refreshments, Doo Pietro
‘chats with the characters about the conilict between the
Camarilla and Sabbar. He goes into it a great de

mentioning the Paths of Enlightenment and rituals th

the Suhbat has developed, and the rigid hierarchy the
‘Comarilla adopted to survive the wary. He aske about

characters! views on the Antediluvian:
and plays devil's advocate by presenting the opposing
Don
fortable, and the

ry at his

sect's viewpoints. Divulging 30 much information

Pietro may make the characters un
wvanni stops just short of m
ing queations,

ing anyone
Before the conversation star
tohis point. "I understand
you have given sanctuary
to a young Kindred
named Maria
Asuncidn, Mischievous
little girl. 1 imagin
tohl you she bs Cais
ue. Maria Giovanni

Sister

texts and his been fleeing

She uses her false

‘name to hide her Mlentity,

and claims to be someone

she fe nats We wih her

returned to us, ss well as

the vextsshe stole. Ofcourse

anni family is pee:

your troubles. I should remind

you that, ange

iments, we Giovanni are part of

he Camarila nor the Sabbat

1 of discipline are ours to handle

‘She needs to be punishe your respuysibslity
to interfere"

The characters probably smell the tie tn tis; even i
they don't, it is likely they will press for details. A simple
Giovanni thief would not garnet the interest of the prince
of Paris, nor would such a thief warrant the attention of
someone of Don Pietto's stature. Auspex also reveals that
he islying if the charmcter achieves at least three successes
against a difficuley 8

The compensation Don Pietro speaks of 4s 1000
Hlorins for each night the hosting character procected
Maria, and 500 per night for cach of the remaining
characters. Don Pietto also offers 1000 flor nece for

acl oreane text returned: Ifthe characters ajree to this
without investigating further, they miss out on the rest of

ou for

Guru Tro


theact; Maria is easy enough to find in the room given to
her, and can't puc up much of a fight against Don Pietro
and the characrery combined. The characters may well
find our later who Maria way and what she was really
worth, after the Giovanni cortuse and destroy ber in
Venice, They should rightfully feel taken advantage of.
This should enush any naiveté they still have, which they
need to get rid of anyway if they want to survive as elders.

I ts mote likely, however, that the characters are
suspicious of Don Pietto's explanation, or are pasahly eluce
tant to break their promise to protect Maria. Don Pictro
doesn't want to admit that Maria isa Cappadoctan, because
then the characters might immediately discern her true
valuc to his clan, However, alter enough inequities asta why
hhe caresabout a minor chief und why the prince of Pas
about her, too, Don Pietto udmits what dhe rally is

"Maria Asuncidn is, as { said, a member of Clan
Giovanni, but only inditectly. She &.,. a childe of the
Lineage of Cappadocius, the same lineage froin which the
‘Giovanni hail, She is Kindred to ws in more ways thi
Yershe carries on Cappadocias's mad beliefs of diablerising
Gad te hecome Gos, the very intsniry we trled to stop by
destroying Cappadocius. We can't let hersurviveand bring

vc blasphemous practices of her clan back to power."

After he makes this revelation, Don Pietti knows the
trl' price just rose considerably. {1 a doubstul the charac
ters can seriously listen to his offer at this point, since he
initially lied to them, He stares thar he will return soon,
perhaps at the festival atthe end of the month, andhe urges
the characters noe to hastily decide on any offers thot may
come before then. He must consult his elders, bar he makes
tt clear that Giovani resources are immense, and that the
clan is incredibly generous to those whe help them.

After Don Pietsodepaa, the characters nay conitont
Maria with theirnew knowledge. A representative of the
prince of Paris is coming, as well as the Giovanni and
every influential vampire in Transylvania, ull apparently
because of her. When they come to her room, she is either
watching out her window at the departing carriage (or, if
there are no wi hhuddling in the comer). She starts
raving when the characters enter.

"Hle waa here; wasn'the! One of the cursed Gtovanat!
Why are you dealing with them? What did they offer you
for me? They want nothing bat my Final Death"

The characters can react in many way ranging from
tossing her in the dungeon for safekeeping (0 reiterating
theit vows to protect her. If they accuse her of lying ta
hem, she shakes her head. "never lied. Uhave no-clan my
lan is gone because ofthe vile Necromancer! [am the last
‘one, the only one left! My brothers, my sisters, al slaugh-
tered without mercy. I(T die, the Cappadoclans are gone,
and the Gi a. They willofferanything, say and do
anything to.see me destroyedt I only wish safety with you
as Lhurve asked, for ashort while. have preparations need

finish, and then t will leave. you in peace, with tlhe
fragments I promised. 1 pray you temain true to your word,
though temptation will surely rise on all sides."

If the characters yok what preparations she makes, she
simply states that itis a ritual that will help hee avoid the
Giovanni... posibly orove, fit ie euccoceul. Regardless of
what the characters decide to do, the lust thing she says
before they leave her i, "AIL have now is my faith... faith
tn what Ido, and faith én the Lord. Whatever happens, it
happens for the best " The last phrace sounde almost hollow.
After this, the characters have to keep Maria calm
safely locked away somewhere) and prepare (or the
legest festival they've ever had vo throw. Let them sweat;
September 30th comes all toe 00m.

Scene III: DEALING WITH
Devs

‘The preparations for a meeting of the scope Villon
expects take considerable effort on the part of che charac:
ters. Fist, they need to find a sufficiently elegant (and
Tange) structure to house the festival. It should be clear
thar nothing is tov extravagant, even the fincat pulince
Transylvania would most likely draw criticism from che
refined French emissary.

Deakeintirne ereinraininen) |

Tipical fescivals of this kind have sever lage |
rooms oF sepamte asi oatipeofsdon,
Salons ure formal get-togethers both for political and
enteruinment purposes. It i a mental pmictice, from,
which the Kindred ave followed dled he ving |
world. The concept of salons transcends the Uivsois ol
Cmanila al Subbat; eller Sabbot yatnpites socialise
and play predatory word games just like theie Camarila /
counterpuat,

‘There are several jee eb itte flee
moat comin intave pe, alle ad deine: |
ment, Policy salons are moet requiem of aay
gectogether, serving as atenas to discuss current
events to plot aghinatevals and to forge alliances. A.
culture salen displays the finest in artwork ot feshion, |
and is especially valued by the Freach emissary (wie |
fobslighugoeveral uC bisuwmectlwurestostiow). The |
characters cat plan anything froma Masquerade Ball |
toa guseum collection. Divertiseruens salons show |
case more... bate «a eniertainiment. The chatacters |
nay have several ideas far these, but they shouldn't |
worry too much the French emissary and the other |
elders bring their own objceta of fun. Live chest |
games, violent sex acts and Domlfated ghouls e6m-
mitting feats of debauchery are guaranteed attractions,
the Storyteller i encoutaged to come up with de-
praved spectacles forthe fed pleasures ofher coterie |
and chetreldet guess.

For more information and ideas for elder salons, ‘

see the Vampire supplement War of Ages.

Tessas Conn Ul

a


‘Themest presing problems facing the players' characters
ate housing, feedingand security. Around 20elder vampires,
along with their ghouls, are expected to attend the
character's soireé, and 20 elder vampires can easily
depopulatean entire village ina matter of nights. Havens
need to be secure as well as luxurious; the characters may
have to bolster the ranks of their own security with a few
‘extra mercenaries or ghouls. The horses and servants of
the elders need lodging and food, as well,

Te fe ese difficult tn find vessels te foedt from in
‘Transylvania than elsewhere in Europe, since the Inqui-
sition suffers limited influence under the Oxcoman
presence. However, every Ventrue in attendance sends
hee "preferences" for fending ro the characters. (Imagine
the difficulty finding a vessel in Transylvania for the
Ventrue prince who can drink only from fair-skinned
redhead nobles....) Everyone attending expects blood to
be provided. Some varapires bring limited herds, but the
‘vast majority of sustenance needs to be found in the
villages and cities the characters know. There are other
rinor details, such as food for any mortal guests, music,
and creating a

range for these as they see fi.

Besides the guidelines given above, the characters
ate free to provide any extravagance (or lack thereof)
they wich. All the roquiromente chould be difficule, but
‘not impossible, for the characters to fullll. After ull, the
possible rewards for their diligence far outweigh any their
efforts to make their festival a success. It is important to
trees cooperation between the charactors: the tack i
almost t00 much for the hosting character £0 take on
alone, Remind the characters that whoever helps with
the preparations, whether monetarily, with ghouls or
with effort, also chates in any prostige gained fom the
festival'ssuccess, provided the host doesn't boorishly take
all the credit

Maria Asunclén regards all the preparations with
hhurnifiation and anger. She knows very well why all these
Kindred are now calling on the characters, and adamantly
voices her opinian on becoming nothing more than a
showpiece (assuming the characters haven't locked her wp
send pera). Thee Btonyeelly cabal play syrhe oltre
asshe pleads with the characters nor to betray her, they are
her last hope for survival, and she has only faith to sustain
her through the twilight darkness of her clan.

‘Tue Guests Annive

After the characters prepare whatever party they
want to throw, the guests begin to arrive. A few show up
fn the 28th and 29th, and the rest come just after
nightfall on the 30th. The French emissary enters with ns
‘much pomp and circumstance as his host of heralds can
provide, wenring the latest in Parisian fashion and holding

himself aloof from the rest of the crowed. He brings w
entire "chess set" of ghouls with him, and soon garners
several opponents (ideally, one of the characters) with
enough ghoul servants to play against him. He expects
imany thingy from the festival, and most will be disap
pointed; for starters, he expects the festival to last f
week at the very least, and despite his efforts, it only
continues for two or three nights at most. They simply
don's celebrate in Transylvania like they do in Paris

‘The Sworyvelter should populate this ball wi
ever Kindred she wishes, not just with the Storyteller
cchamcters listed below. Topics of discussion range from
the supernatural to the mundane; mixed freely with the
Camutilla/ Subbat debates and undead ploceing are the
subjects of Puritanism, Enlightenment, the Turks and the
New World. However, these discussions are simply
dow dressing for what's really going on at the fest
Tension runs rampant under the fagade of atnicability:
after all, Sabbat and Camarilla ate supping toge
Tremere and Tzimisce are within earshot of each other,

id rivals, invited so as not to seem gauche, hear
nity aud mistruse dete atcevdan
elders know to felgn cordial relations, however, as itis
clear what would happen if 20 august Cainives and their
servants started a vulgar brawl.

Below are listed the factions that vie for the characters
ears at the festival, The Storyteller can use all the factions
listed, or only a few if it looks too complex. Nor all the
factions need to be revealed for the first rime at the festival;
ft is quite possible that several factions send representatives
before the festival, trying to eam the characters' cars before
anyone else does. This can lighten the load for tie Story-
teller, spreading out the offersoverseveral weeks rather than
‘eramming them all in to the party.

‘The only three vital factions are the Giovanni, the
French emissary, and the Baali, though we recommend
usingzas many factions ax possible (and using the Tremere
is strongly encenrraged, hs theit offer dels indirectly with
the events in Act II). The character' choices at this point
inthe chronicle should be ws morally and secularly difficult
ax possible. The Storyteller cin also tailor each faction's
‘iter to make them more enticing to the characters in the
chonicle;sires, patrons anddallies can be inserted as appto~
priate into each delegation. This is the best opportunity to
pull out creacheries, boons and debts from the characters
past, and te them in the most cunning ways possible. The
characters need to pay for past promises and misdeeds, and
the factions are-not above treachery and strong-arming £0
set what they want.

sehat:

meses. The


ADVANCED SronYTEELING: ESCA pina {
The LANDSLIDE f

‘After the first read-through, the festival scene
Jooks daunting and immense: — ir is. Several
scpatate increas ply dhe characters with offers,
forcing chem with owed boons orthreatening them
to give in, all done wich w huge parry going on in |
the backdrop. Ir may seem like to9 mich forone. |
Storyteller vo fiandle, $0: have several sugges
‘tions to help make it go mote smoothly,

Fire, the faceionsdon't havetoneet with the
chornctersas a groupy it ixofren easier torapproach.
chem individually and make an offer, Afterall, the
factions need only one of two Judages ini the group
to get what they want. The Storyteller may tikee
charnctery aside individually or in pairs to
with isolated factions, while the rest of the g
enjoys the party, a ;

Anather possibility is letting © few of the
players themselves rake on the roles of selected
factions. To keep everyone involved, chie Story
tellet can pat half the group into the roles of;
Storyteller characters, giving each player a small |
card listing the individual's personality, motives
and offers. iter afew minutes the Storyellercan |
switch the faction players back (0 their original. )
character and give the other players'a chance to.
portray different charactess: The players can become
devil's advocates by interacting with the characcers,
‘ind ean dee the situation from many different
‘perspectives: This takes. lot ofthe burden off the
Storyteller, who onlyneedsto referee and keep the
stoty moving, while enriching the players' gaming
experience at the samme time.

‘The third (anid nove yrandvote) option is to
hold the event aka Live-Action gala. Vampire and.
its cutmpanion Mind's Bye Theatre sourcebooks |
contain information om transcending the eable- }
top, and no setting' is quiteso evocative fot a

mottionble live-action game:

‘vampire social
uttair. With-a bit of 4 A Fesource!

Storyteller may be able to combine her Vampire
game and x party ineo an event shuitwon'tsbon be
forgotten by anyone. This may be as simple a»
assembling afew friends who don't normally take
part in che gamé t6 temporarily assuine the roles of.
Storyteller' characters or us elaborate asa full:
scale, hundred-person full-costume ball, in which
every guest asimes the role and motives of a
specific character in the World of Darkness, Your
only limits are your time and imagination.

SR eo

Te Giovanni

Theclanof Nectomancers stepresented by Ambrogina
and Don Pietro Giovanni (ora Giovanni charicter, if there
fs one in the group). The Giovanni's motive is simple:
destroy the Coppadocians. Maria Asuncisn is the last
‘Cappadocian and Ambrogina wants the exewning achieve.
ment of her caprure to be his doing. Her occult knowledge
is valuable, but it i» secondary to raking her 10 Ve
presenting her to Augustus and witnessing her Final Death.

‘The Giovanni offer vast amounts of money (fora rough
starting sum, twice as much as the characters spent on the
festival, ench), influence in tradeand the European economy,
‘and oceult information. They also offer Necromancy in «
pinch, bueno mote than one or twe dow worth of instruc
tion. Ambrogino also makes it clear that the characters may
find the Giovanni powerful allies in the future

‘THe Baatt

Freeing a powerful demon like Kupala by fulfilling asign.
of Gehenna with the last Cappadocian's death is «great deal
for the Baali. Arsen, the representative of the Beali und the
nominal "prince" of Deva, knows that the rise of Kula is
step on the path to Gehenna, and he wants to help bring
about the signs that Jead up to it. They soe this as an
opportunity to bring the characters unter Baal' say and
forge closer ties with therm. They also want the knowledge
the Cappadoclin possesses, and capturing her gives them an
opportunity to extricate tu information,

Ansen dresses in fine, but not flashy, clothing. He has
jet-black hait, a smooth face and dark eyes. He moves like a
predator, but his voice iscalm and nothing seems to break his
Night demeanor. Ansen's offers should be dark, yet
tantalisingand powerful; he posesses the Dark Thaumaturgy
Path of Secret Knowledge, and uses it ro plumb the characters'
deepest secrets and desires, He can offer money, bur prefer
to offer influence with the Bali, Dark Thaumarurgy, ritual
information, and anything else the characterssecretly covet

Tue Frency Emissary to Prince
VILLON oF Paris

This shallow, foppish "associate" of the Sun King
wants the Cappadoeian for nothing more than prestige.
‘The Last Cappadocian would be quite « showeace for the
Kindsed of France, and she probably knows quite a bit, as
well. He is allowed to offer several large estates in southern
France (vineyards, mining areas, trade routes and the
like), aswell as vast amounts of money and influence with
Villon's courts. The emissary constantly presses the Issue
if the characters seem reluctant, and becom
hostile toward them if they ultimately refuse his offer
(which will become important in Act ofthe cheosicle).
He did, after wll, cravel all the way from France to grace
the characters with his presence; the least they ean do ts
give him what he asks for

Tewsnuana Coons ll

%


Tue Tremere

The Tremete's presence at the festival is more to
tne a point to the Giovanni than to actually gain the
(Cappadocian for any benefit of the clan. The Cappadocian
is a valuable storehouse of occult information, true, but
the Giovannt rival the Tremere i more ways than. one
The ascensicn of Augustus to the Third Generation too-
closely mimics Tremere's own diablerie of Saulot, and the
Warlocks intend to make Maria an example to the
Giovanni (and any other future airper), The Tremere
want no one else to follow in their own foorsteps.

Claas, on behalfof Ardan of Golden Lane, represents
the Tremete. He is immediately conspicuous as a War-
lock, wearing outdated robes and scholarly adornments
from the High Middle Ages. He offers influence with
Vienna (and with the Habsburgs, che only force seemingly
capable of removing Ottoman domination from
Transylvania), occult information, and one other item:
the sword of Dracula, He states thar it is a powerful
artifact "recovered" from the Son of the Dragon, and is
worth far mote than gold or influence. The knowledge of
veh has Dracula's sword becomes invaluable for the char
scters in Act Il. Actual statistics for Dracula's sword are
siven in the Appendix; noamount of study or research by
the characters, however, should discover more thin a
hint of its abilisien

Tre Ventrue

No other clan puts up as powerful a showing as the
Ventrue at the festival. Prince Bulscu, referred to in jest
asthe new woitude of wwivades (which brings strong words
from the Tzimisce present), Vencel Rikard and Nova
Arpad all attend the gathering. They wish to court the
favor of the French emissary, as well as to keep an eye on
the happenings in their region. In reality, they could care
Jess about whar happens to the Cappadocian; they are
more concerned with regional stability. Vencel Rikard
also wishes to take a cheap stab at Don Pietro, the
Giovanni whotesidesin Vencel'sprincedom of Bad

The Ventruc offer the characters money ond influence
‘within cheirdomains, but nor co gain possession of Matias
ig return, they want the characters to resolve the
Cappadocian issue as quickly as possible. Ifthe characters
getthe Cappadocian out of Transylvania (hy giving her to
anyone save the Giovanni), it would stop the unpleasant
influx of Giovanni bounty hunters and other interested
parties. They simply want the issue done and over with,
and peace to return to their domains.

‘The Ventrue servant Roland also artends the festival,
hovering near Rikard for much af the party. However
he is there on behalf of the Setites, and acts in'secret as
their representative.

‘Tue ForLowers or Set

‘The Setites are a cocky group, und rightly so. The
destruction of the last Cappadocian serves their purpose
‘ny numerous ways. They know her death is a sign of
Gehenna, and they want to flush the Antediluvians
sand destroy them. Mummies, werewolves, mages, vampires
tio one could destroy Set.... What chance do 12 blood
thirsty little Antediluvians have against him? Besides
Gehenna in itself would bring unprecedented corruption
to the world Irs alzeady spawned rampant corrupt
tight in this veiled suction festival for the List
Cappadocian's soul,

Roland introduces the characters to the Setite present
at the parry, on Egyptian man named Bucneam, His skin
still holds some of the dark complexion. of his Eastern
heritage, and he wears richly embroidered African vobes
Both he and Roland offer the characters riches (whether in
money of exotic goods) and information of neatly any type
the characters desire. Ultimately, however, the Setives want

the Cappadocian destroyed, preferably at the hands of
another group. They prefer the Blood he pilled hy somecne
else, and the Setites withdraw if itis elesr the dominant
offers are from other groups that want Maria destroyed.

THe SAnnat

Camarilla characters may think the Subbat is evil and
depraved, and that they would clamor for Maria's unlife
just us the rest ofthe factions do, However, it wndoubtedly
surprises the characters (and reaffirms Sabbat characters
faiths un their sect) when the Sabbut asks the group to
protect the Cappadocia. The reason is twofold) Maria és
doing an excellent job of sowing discord in Transylvania by
het presence alone, and anything that ean destubilize the
area helps with the Sabbar's conquest effurts. The longer
the situation drags.on, the worse it will become. Further
more, they wish to make a symbolic stand, tying tohead off
the Camarilla's portrayal of them as monsters and seopping
‘what they seas an Antediluvian plot todeatroy cack clan,
‘one by one.

Sascha Vykos, whom characters who have mer
through the previous Transylvania Chro
Faria, the Assamite untitribu, reoresent the Sal
festival. The first meeting of Sascha and the characters
should be awkward, since "she" now Inoks, acts and
sounds like a different petwon in almost every respect
Furig seems decidedly uncomfortable in the midst of s0
many infidels and Camarilla princes; Sascha
quite at case (though pointedly avoids any Ventruc a
Tremere at the party),

Sascha openly saubsany known Tremere charactors
but speaks openly with any other Kindred who take her
fancy, of with whom she may have dealt before. The
Sabbat offers influence and aid with their sect (even to
Camarilla churacters, wham Sascha hopes tc sway or

GamTio


Teun Ct

®

indebr 10 the Sabbat's cause). This may seem like a
dubious offer compared to the others, bur Sascha has one
potent weap if the Storyteller has not uleeadly
called it due: Each of the characters owes her a favorequal

w a boon from Dark Tides Rising. This may not hold
uch waight for Catnarilla characters who utterly des
the Sabbat, or may hold greater weight for Sabba

acters, simply from Saschn's sect affiliation. Indeed, Sascha
hersel rds it as laughable, but isn't above using the
charactors' pasta apainee them iff ir cecms like

But Sascha reminds them that she and ¢

helped them when they

in appearance or demea
the characters as a gr P
Maria Asuncik

"Sa much death!" Anatole cries
heard over the background noise, causing several neatby
Kindred tostopand listen, s hinge an death, and
hore they all barter for another tondd to the graves, Listen
to my words, w you have never Hiatened before" It mow
rests in your hands; (t brings you all from witnesses to
perpetrators! No longer do. portents come ta pass before
you, but flow from touch! I

Lucita argues mote levelheadedly for M fe
ultimately does not offer anythiny mor
e charactors. Many nearby undead listenin,
re chuckleat the pair's naiveté... trying to win
the characters' favor through impassioned arguments
one, indeed!

OTHER FAMILIAR Faces,
d the Storyteller should provide

other cliancters from her own ¢ ‘and, perhaps
have them bid fi Thetear
several other C of note at the festival who do ni
approach the charactets about Maria, but are nonetheless
Known (in some cases, known very well) by the characters
Octavio, still wearing his mgtag Roman armor and
carrying his spear (if the hosts allow him), lurks ar the
outskirts of the festival. A skillful observation of his
behavior (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 8) de
that he is watching someone in the crowd: three or m
ses reveal it ty be Anatole. ff any of the char
approach Octavio, he simply mutters in Latin, "| have
nothing to say to thee save what has already been sald. He
speaks well of things, doesn't he? P

apse will take

pos


cop. Promising, indeed." Octavio mumbles and stammers
along with similar geim sentiments for the entice festival,
fot engaging is any further conversation with anyone,

Another familiar Kindred is Zelios, the master archi-
tect. The Nosferatu wanders through the festival, talking
frooly with virtually everyone there, regardless of cect
affiliation or elun lines. He speaks to any characters he
meets, but only in passing; he has heard of the last
Cappadocian, and states very strongly that he thinks she
should survive, hut he does not involve himself in any
dealimaking. Zelios ulso speaks of the geomantic web the
characters helped to complete. He worries that it is not
powerful enough to fulfill its larger purpose, and he is
working on away to strengthen it Many characters watch
him closely throughout the festivities, they notice he
speaks a great deal and at length with both Roland and
the Serite Bucaram. The characters may have heard of
Zelics' travels to Egypt, and might become suspicious of
the Nosferatu and his dealings with the Setites.

Husayn, the Assamite overseer of Transylvania and
servant of the Ottoman forces, also attends the festival
He speaks to the characters only if they approach him,
and his attitude depends on the characters' affiliations
with the Sahbat and with the Ottoman Erapite, He is at
the festival onty ta obyerve the elders present, and to
learn of nagceat plots ngainct the Turks. All Ceinites give

Husayn a wide berth, and Farig keeps a generous distance
(and crowd) berween him and the loyal Assamite.

FURTHER EMneLLISHMENT

‘Other than what is listed above, the Storyteller has
‘numerous waye to make the festival more interesting and
exeiting, Anarchs or a rabid antitribu may attack the
‘own, trying roslay acertain elder. Virstania might make
astrike against Claas with her Gargoyles as he approaches
or leaves the festival. An overscalous Giovanni (or
Bali, orSetite,ornearly anyone else) may try coassassinate
Maria during the party. Maria herself stays well away
from the festival, keeping hemelf secluded in her quarters,
but if the Storyteller wants her to. make a dramatic
entrance for some purpose, it would definitely add gravity
the moment. Once again, Storytellers are heattily
encouraged to involve characters unique to their own
chronicles—tailoring events to the troupe's game makes
ir all the more personal

Additionally not every interestingevent need involve
aCainite. With more than 100 guests, only a portion of
whom are Kindred, the festival offers ample opportunity
for memorable interaction with practically anyone. Feel
free wo mix in Turkish sympathizers, shoul rabble-rousers,
‘antalizing romantic interests, wary priests — literally
anyone who illustrates the importance or presence ofthe
Masquerade. The world is populated by people — each
‘one an individual — and the world does not turn at the

‘whim of vampires alone. Although not necessarily related.
to the immediate matters at hand, this is very anportant (0
‘Vampire's core theme, and should not be neglected

Ultimately, the point of the festival is to make the
characters wade through che moral dilemma of who 10
accept, who to trust and wha to betray. No matter what
they do, they anger someone by their actions; they have
to choose what path they want to follow.

Scene lV: A View FROM THE
GALLows

The festival begins ro wane on the second night, and
is all bur over by the third. Most of the guests and their
ghouls depart gradually each night, until the ballrooms
and salons are nearly empty, The elders interested in.
Maria, bowever, remain in the atea and constantly bat
the characters for audiences. All the representatives stay
until the characters make » clear choice, whether by
stating they are protecting the last Cappadocian oF
accepting the offer of

prompt the characters to make adecision and not drag out
the debate on what they shoutd do.

Iris possible, even likely, that not all the characters
are in agreement, Some may decide to protect the
Cappadocian, while others choose to give her to one of
the lactions (and each character does not necessiily
choose the same faction). This can lead to some heated
debate, politicking and, perhaps, even some good, old
fashioned backstabbing. The Storyteller should use the
elders' constant pressure for a resolution to keep the
characters on track. By now, the characters should not be
above treachery; one or two may sell out Maria while the
others decide to protect her, or to give her to a different
faction. [tis impossible to predict exactly whit happeiis
but the narrative below covers the most likely outcomes

Waris SHE) Stupin? |
Maria knows precisely what is going'on down |
there in that nasty little gathering of vampires. tn her
few nights in the characters'domain, however, she his
come to accept her role in-an as-yet untold prophecy.
Kaop reading Shale nice an ambivalant xxceiicial |
lamb.

A Berravat Most Four

If one of more of the characters decides 10 give
Mariaaway while the restof the group either protects her
‘or wants fo give her to a different faction (or even
of the characters wishes to protect het while the others
sell her out), thea let che character come up with « plan
for how she wishes to go behind the rest of her group's
back, Then, the Storyteller can dramatize the plan and
sec if itsucceeds. Ifthe characters unanimously decide to
sive her away, and agtes on a faction, then they simply

Game Teo


need to set « time and place for the exchange and send
the other representatives home.

Regardless of whether only one, a few, or all the
characters decide to give Matin over co one of the
factions, Ansen approaches each of those characters
individually. Irdoes not matter if rhey give Maria ro the
Baali or not, it only matters if they decide to sell the
Cappadocian out. Ansen thanks the character for listen
ing to his group's offer, and gives the character a small
token for bringing the situstion toaxwiftcanclision. He
hands the character a leather bag and departs with an
‘mate bow, The bag holds 30 silver coins, each marked
individually with whar seems to be a letter from an
unfamiliar alphaber

Pravine At Getisemane

Throughout the entire festival, Maria remains holed
up in her room (or locked away somewhere by the
characters). If any characters come to speak with her,
she says nothing and reads her Bible or one of her other
tomes in silence. She has no illusions about what isgoing,
on around her.

However, after a decision has been made on what to
do with her, she summons any characters who decide to
protect her to her room, She sits cross-legged as the
characters enter, amd speaks in a low, tired voice.

"L wonder if this is the way He felt in the garden, as
the Romans came to take Him away. thank you, my
fiends, for trying to save me from those who wish to:
possess me. [have hecome little more than an abjoce 10
be traded, bartered for power or riches. Yet you remain
true to your word, and I thank you.

Little rime remains to mie, [ean feel that. You will

not be able to give me «ancoury much longer, but for
your loyalty, I can give you only this to show my appre-
lation," Maria then reaches out with her hand. The ait
seems to twist and puncture inward at her fingertips,
until ie splits just wide enough for her hand and forearm
to disappear into nothingness. Any practitioners of
Necromancy recognize her use of the Ash Path; she is
reaching through the Shroud. A moment later she draws
he again, and «small stone eabler chimmers
into existence in hee grasp. "This is one of the last
prophecies I possess. I wish you to have it."

The tablet, written in the familiar language of the
translation plate, reads as follows.

‘Tho characters should deduce rather quickly that the
angel is Maria Asuncidn. Maria nods silently, "Ir took me
almost a century to translate those prophecies... and [
have pored over that one for many nights. My destiny has
already been set by God, and my fearand pride have made
ime flee from it. But nothing I can do will ass the cup af
suffering to another." She kisses each character on the
forehead ind blesses ther, thanking them again for theit
help. She then opens her Bible and asks to be left alone.

After reading the prophecy, the characters likely
take extreme efforts to safeguard her from her seemingly
imminent death. However, they have little chance of
stopping what is to come.

Scene V: ENDGAME

"The final scene takes place whenever the Storyteller
feels it is appropriate, Ideally, it ts during Maria's ex-
change to one of the factions, o ifthe characters protect
her, during the evening immediately following the night
they receive the last prophecy, Maria does not resist the
characters if they sell her to a faction, and accepts her
fate silently, though the characters may choose to bind
her anyway. As they lead hee to the exchange they hear
hier praying in quiet whispers; anyone listening closely
discovers that she is forgiving the characters for what
they are about to do.

‘The Baali and the Giovann\ ate required factions in
the festival because both resort to violence ifthey donot
teceive the last Cappadocian. Maria's death is cheir
primary goal, and if either group is denied her, chey
tittempt to kill her. Infurtating one ofthe two is inevitable.
Any Giovanni character isnot privy to herclan'snttack,
since Ambrogino and Don Pietro want the glory of
Maria's kill to themselves. Ifthe Giovanni character did
not help his clan capture her throusl negotlation, that
character has no more use to the two elder Giovanni

Each group's attack is described below; if neither of
them are given Maria, then both artack simultaneously
It Is important to remember that this scene is not
entirely about combat; it does give the Brujah or Gangrel
of the coterie a chance to show off in something other
than a political arena, but the scene is primarily about
tragedy. The attack on Maria isoutside the conteol of he
cchuracters, and they can do nothing bur watch her
prophesied descruction


THe Dower OF THE INFERNAL

What the Baali bloodline lacks in v

pirte numbers,
makes up for in unwholesome se

Maria isexchanged, oF just as night falls, che ground,

and walls begin 10 groan quietly. At firse ir ts barely
noticeable, soanding more like a slight breeze or sigh. Then
the sound swells, chorus of hows, screams and chants in
an unfarailiar language, comes ftom the earth and the very

ach syllable pulls at the charne
ters' minds, rwisting and piercing i lke needles. Any
mortals or ghouls in the area writhe in agony, collapsing to
the ground and clamping thetr
hhands over their ears. Everyone

presenc must make a Willpower
7 or suffer
the dun:
he scene hecause of the

alllificulties

tion of

noise and pain.

The wind picks up, gusting

Jneheurea,and thee

1e begin co shimmer with a

reddish glow. Then the ground

ar around the

reeling up with tre
cat deal of dam:

age ifthe charactersare inside a

thro

ceruprs with

This causes a

nucture, causing the
iekle and crumble, If
think while they make thei
Rétschreck rolls, they may n
tice that this eruption is very
similar to the landslide that
occurred when they tried to
carve the geomantie symbol into
iagomir'scastle earlier in the Transylvania Chronicles

As the ground splits apart, shimmering forms pour
vat of the gashes and fiery pits. It is difficult for the
characters to get a close look, but the forms appear to be
franslucent heat distortions... until each form bolts
toward anyone still standing, Wicked grins and glowing
eyes appear in the forms. Auspex reveals the forts wo be
black-veined, darkened, demonic shapes.

These minor demons have no statistics; no mortal
of Disciplines affect them. However, if the
traded Dracula's sword for Maria, this weapon
proves to he extremely effective. One swipe from the
sword dispels any demons it touche
lam into m throu

The demons try to
the characters; conts

ce dice of

with,
a demon does th ggravated heat damage,
posibly catching clothing on fire, and subjects the char

acter to horrifying visions of their darkest deeds and

fears. The character must make « Courage roll, difficulty
8, to avoid losing her next action after these vision

When the demons attack, Maria begins to pray. The
demons don't touch her, rebounding and flowing around
her with screeches of pain. Any characters near her also
become uncomfortable because of her True Paith, and
must spend a point of Willpower to avoid scampering
away from her

Alter «
Maria. Behin
appear. Two

or two tums, the air ripples around
ind to each side of her, three Baali

of them immediately attack any nearby
characters: They

tative ratings

ach have int
five and six
dice in their combat pools
heit rapicts do 4 dice of dam:
age. The Storyteller can modify
their statistics to make them
worthy foes of the characters
but they are not meant to be
pgly powerful

The third Baali is immedi
ately recognizable as Ansen. His
fangs are fully extended,
his eyes plow a bloody ted. He
hisses in pain as he looms behind
Marin, bis skin burning at hee
faith, but with a determine
lunge he drives his fangs 1
herneck. Maria throws h
back as blood begins streaming

head

from A and extends

wut to make the

aaen's biti
hee arm:
of a cross. Ansen screams as he
coils, her blood burning his
throat and mouth. In anger, he
ber and swipes a
gh hee neck. Tew
ro ash, even before her
round. A bright, searing light burst
from her disintegrating form, shooting upward likea bolt
jo the heavens, What remains
blasts apart in a cloud of ash and smoke, leaving nothing.
fury before disappearing in the
appeared, and suddenly everything ends.
The demons fade away, the ground stops quaking, the
wind dies and the fires extinguish, Dearhly silerice is all
that remains,

draws his
Marin. The blade passes cleanly thro
mediately her body crumble:
head falls to the

ot her bor

CALLING os THE RestLess Deap
The Giovanni attuck i

attack. The sky begins to

character

very similar eo the Baali
ken und swirl ubove the
and the wind picks up to a nearly gale force.

ickly grecnish-block lightning blasts jaggedly actovs the

Games Two


sky, and ghostly howls fill the air. Windows shaccer as
debris flies about, and shutters bang wildly. Mortals and
ghouls cower in unnatural fear. Shadowy, pale images of
wraiehs float by in the gusting wind, through walls and
down corridors, crying and groaning and grasping at the
characters Three weaiths can physically impact che char
acters (oa limited extent, delivering four dice of bashing
slarcage ifthe character cannot dodge. Ifthe Storyteller in
familiar with Wraith: the Oblivion, other wraithly pow-
an he added to-the ghosts' abilities for thie seunc.

‘Outof the darkness, shambling corpses trudge toward
the chatacters, These are zombies; use the statistics from
Vampires the Masquerade, pg. 163. They ate incredibly
slow and awkward, but very dificule to destroy; send one
zombie pet Kindred present, both players' characters and
Storyteller. They easily rip crough doors and smash
furniture, stumbling forward toward theie prey,

Again, after few combacturns. Ambrogino and Don
Pletro appear near Maia, stepping through the Shroud
from the Underworld. Don Pietro attacks any nearby
characters (except « fellow Giovanni, who he asks to help
in the figh voe-shot musket und rapier,
Ambrogino's attempt at diablerie ranspires inexactly the
samme way a Ansen's, ending again with Maria's Final
Dewth. Their attack immediately stops when the two
Gio dhe sombies collapse unceremoniously
as the winds die and the wraiths fade away

Whorh groups attack simultancously, the minions of
each side spend as much time combating each other as
they do the characters. Both Ansen and Ambrogino
appear at the same moment; Ambrogina attempts to
diablerize Maria, and Ansen beheads her as described
above to deny the Giovanni the opportunity. The two
share ur each other for several seconds before disappearing
and ending the attack. This same situation occurs if the
characters give Maria to either the Giovanni or the
Baal... Ambrogino always tries to diablerize Maria at
the first sign of trouble, and Ansen always slays her to
thwart the attempr.

Scene VI: PickinG up THE
TECES
Not much remuins for the characters ro do but clean.
uup whatever mess the attacks left If it took place inside
one of the character's manses, the property damage
hit to restore, Not all is lost, however)
if the characters can convince whatever party they sold
Maria to that it was not their faule the last Cappadocian
died, that party hot their payment agreement, with
‘one stipulation: The chaniesets tmune ld ln ce parey's
efforts to punish the Baali and/ or Giovanna' for what
thoy did, If the characters protected Maria, Sascha Vykos
delivers the Sabbat's payment as promised, which most
likely casts che Subba io # very differen tight for any
Camarills characters (which ts exactly what Sascha

i depiare

hopes it will do). Regardiess of the outcome, the characters
‘can argue that they brought 4 hasty conclusion to the
Cappadocian situation, and try to garner the Vontrue
princes' reward; they should gain it only with good
roleplaying and well thought-out argument,

The nly belongings Marin leaves behind are an
cempry carriage und horse, her Bible and a few changes of
clothes, Several crinkling pages of parchment ure folded
neatly into the Bible, and i takes an Occult knowledge of
a Teal theee W attempe to understand their contents If
the characters achieve three successes on an Intelligence
+ Occult roll, difficulty 9 (8 for vampires skilled in
Obfuscate), they discover that it is an Obfuscare based
‘Thawmaiurgical ritual chat takes almost a century to.
perform, The ritual erases the memory of the ritual's
invoker from the world (see the sidebar). Maria could
have completed the ritual and removed herself from the
world's recognition, safeguarding her clan and her know!.
edge from those chat wished to destroy her. The ritual
itself garners a high price from any Gowanni ot Tremere
itis offered to, recouping some of the loss the characters
nay have suffeved in the attack. However, most elders will

recognize the benefit in possessing such 2 ritual; afterall,
a century is a fleeting moment to a being that is eternal,

‘Tre Name Fornoui ten (Lever ;
Bionr THAUMATURGY Rivuar) |
This little-known Thauenaturyical ritual eradh- |

cates the caster from the: mind of any who knew her fo

life and unwleath: Those who had wee ber Gad dieia
memories completely devoid of the individual — they.
have no reason to believeshe waseverthere. Children |
and childer of the individual "don't know" who their |
parent or aire was; allies ond chemies simply forget her |
sand go about their business. Even those whe hel the
caster dear (0 theie hearts forgee her ueterly, bearing |
only an unknowable and dolorgus nepenthe.

System: The caster mast write her own name in
the blood of her site on a sheet of paper milled from
Wood grown only by movnlight. Over che course of
100 years, the caster must "invest" the paper with
190 jroims uf Willpower, no mee OF les than One
per year. ‘Thereafter, when the caster meets Final
Death, she vanishes from memory, at her aime |
disappears from the paper and the scrap burs away.)
ro nothing,

This ritual has no known: countermayic; otice
performed, che effect s unstoppable, Although the
caster will not mysteriously vanish from' video foor-
lage and her name does not blank itself from, books
(which would leave some faitly telling empty
spaces...), the mere sight or mention of the charne-
{er elicits noresponse toany who see it — the nume-|
OF mage has no emotional weight.

Tuscana Gaonais I

2


The characters most likely have some patching
uptodo within theirawn group, as well. The passibil
ity of inter-group betrayal is very high in thisact, and
any characters who did so and were exposed havea lot
‘of convincing to do for their peers, This may be
especially difficult for any Giovanni (or, God forbid,
Bali) characters, but it illustrates the elder dilemmn
of alliances versus ambition, The characters should
learn a lot in this act: how other elders net, how
polities workand what they and their compantonsare
really like

If that isn't enough, the characters also have
some hefty enemies in the Buali and/or the Giovanni
Over the next two centuries, the economy of
Transylvania takes « noticeable downturn; most of
the factors are purely mundane, but the characters
can be as suspicious as they want about the machina
tions of the Nectomancens, It is nearly impossible to
physically combat the Giovanni, as there are oaly «

ia, und Italy sho

stronghold well outside the characters' reaches. The
Baali in and near Deva present u much more enticing
target, but the coterie better have quite a military fovwe
attack them (as well axexcellent relations with
the Ottoman forces in the area). Not only can the Ball
call up infernal servants as the characters witnested
firsthand, they also have the Cathedral of Flesh, which
is much more potent than the characters may remenby
Icis physically possessed by Kupala, and that demon has
some impresive powers at his dispoval. Ifthe characters
are foolish enough to take this course of action, the
Storyteller should let her imagination eun wild with what
Kopala and the Baali can throw at the character.
beenuse of, the efforts of the characters, the lnse
Cappadocian meets Final Death, and another sign of
Gchenna comes to pass. They should see Maria as a puse
soul, not deserving the end that was fated for het. The

cor pechaps

characters know the choices and events will only get more
difficult in the future; now they are truly elder vampires.



‘And thus I clothe my naked villainy

With odd old ends stolen forth of hoty writ,

And seem I a saint, when most I play che Devi
William Shakespeare, Richand IIL

In 1683, the Tuekish war host tetteated in failure after
a three-month siege of Viena, It was a terrible disaster for
the Ottomans, whe bad prepared for the attack for decades,
that Wester leaders heralded it as a great victory over the
heathens. The Ortoman advance had finally been stopped.
4 by Hungarian, German and Papal forces, the
Ottomans retreated back to the Middle East, and by 1687
the West once again controlled the tiny nation of
Transylvania. The ruling Habsburg family beought the
f Transylvania Into their erown, and ruled the
for nearly two centuries.
The Tremere had long made intoads into the Habsburg
dynasty from Vienna, and now used their influence
in the assets they lost in their homeland. The
ansylvania also forged alliances with the

wo reg
Venttue of

Habsburgs nd other ruling families, and this ed to some of
the worst infighting the Camarilla had yet seen. Both clans
pulled in boons and favors to help further their goals,
destabilizing the Carpathian nation with their plays for
power, The Habsburgs, to weaken the power of the local
rulerstheydidnorentiely trust, sold itlesto loyal supporters
xecign nobility into

from ehewh
Transylvania. Both the Tremere and Ventre made bids for
these appointments, either for themselves or for mortals
they controlled, wi wf the historic alliance the two
clans had shared in the country

Neithe
the common populace during their eff
consolidate. Taxes rose dramatically, the treatment of the
Peasantry worsened and the Habsburgs tightened their

re, causing an influx

Kindred nor kine rulers gave any thought tw

to conquer and

Gann Ter

5


contro rom Vienna, Forgorten behind the bidsforrulership
of Transylvania, the peasants buckled under increasing
obligations until they could suffer the situation no longer.
A revolution erupted in 1703, led by the noble Ferencs
Rakoezi IL, and sent the nation into seven years of blood-
shed. The commoners fought not only to release themselves
from seridom, taxation and obligations, but also to free
"Transylvania from foreign rule, Rakoezt claimed the rulers
of Transylvania conspired with the Hungarians, Habsburgs
andasecret "Camarilla"ofulersfrom Vienna. and that this
control Jed directly to the hardships the populace suffered

The statement alarmed every Kindred prince in
Trinsylvania. Had the Masquerade been breached by the
Tremere ar the Ventrue? Did Rakoce have Sabbat support
and advice! How much did the mortals know, and what part
did that knowledge play in their rebellion? The paranoid
Kindred scrambled to stop the uprising, but they reacted far
too late, Transylvania vacillated between Habsburg and
local leadehip until 1711, when the rebellion was de-
feated not by supernatural intervention, but the greed of
several of the revolt's leaders who wished to insure the
safety of their lands and titles under the Habsburgs. The
local Kindred princes had no chance to react to of channel
the flow of the rebellion, and were lucky to survive with
their domains intact. The Habsburgs quickly consolidated
their power. stripping Traneylvanta of all autonomy. The
‘Camarilla never learned what supernatural knowledge and
backing, if any, the rebellion possessed.

Not all Kindred felt disidvancaged by the chaos of
Rakney'ceehellion: Many benefice from the disorganization
andl furthered their own ends, ends that might have been
stopped if the local Cainite population had not falles to
infighting. Near the end of the rebellion, one such Cainite,
gmwing disenchanted with ehe politcal intrigucs and
‘oppressive structure of the Camarilla, attempted tounearth
cone of Transylvania's greatest secrets, 40 once ogain the
‘Son of the Dragon could rule the land of his birth.

ActrIil:

MACHINATIONS OF
THE IMPALER

(Winter 1710)

Nomonth seizes the Carpathiansasbitterlyas January,
Snow and frost coat the ground, and chilling winds gust
conseantly actomsthe steppes. Any kind of travel isdificult,
and most luxury earringes are all but useless for navigating
thesnowed-in mountain ronds, The Hahiburgswineer their

troops in the major cities of Transylvania, both for the
protection of their soldiers and to keep the local nobles in
line. The Storyteller is encouraged to make sute that cities
the characters claim as domains have Habsburg armies
sheltering themselves through the cold months.

Western rule has changed Transylvania great deal te
the year following 1687, the Habsburgsgrant Transylvanian
tithes and Lands to doeens of loyal nobles from elsewhere.
Some of these nobles are well-placed Kindred, and the
characters acutely feel the corresponding reduction in dhels
personal power, Unless they can forge few quick alliances
with the Habsburgs or use some fairly cunning politics to
keep their power secure, they risk losing quire a bit to this
purpoceful dilution of local influence.

Since the nominal end of the Sabbar wars and the
expulsion of the Ottomans, the characters may wonder
what has happened to their old avquaintance, Vlad Tepes.
Depending on the condition of their relationship with
Dracula, this interest may be of a romantic, social or
vengeful nature. Camarilla characters, regardless of theit

the Impaler, may remember seeing
aany of the Kisnlied coures during the 16th and
17 thcenturies, playing the policical game with consummate
skill. If the characters mistreated or betrayed Dracula
catlier, they may have experienced the backlash of his
political maneuvering fiythand. Sabbar characters on
good terms with Dracula might recall how the Impaler
went out of his way to avoid harmaing them ditectly, even
in the most heated moments of the wats; those Sabbat
characters who made Duacula an enemy suill bear the scars
of his vicious attacks.

‘What piques the characters' interests, almost as side
‘observation, is thar Vlad Tepes has gradually disappeared
from the Caintte community over the past decades. Any
‘contact he had with the charncrers has ended, and he no
longer gracesthe local courts with his presence. He sall but
impossible to find or contact... until he surprises the
characters with an unexpected invitation:

Scene: DINNERANDA
DRAGON

This scene can proceed in one of ewo ways, depending
(on the charactes' relationships with Dracula. fsome oral
of them are his allies, or if they did not ncquire Dracula's
sword from the Tremere in Act |, he invites them to his
castle as described below. If they traded the Cappadocian
for his sword and he considers them his enemies, he simply
confronts the character who possesses his sword and steals
it hack (sce sidebar)

Teansmvana Cnc


THEANIMOSITYOFALEGEND |) |

Viad Tepes is nota Kindred ane wants to count a3
an enemy. The Impaler; the Dragon, the Deron. -all
these names describe the beta lengths Dracularesores
Co, simply to achieve what he wants. At this pointy all |
hhe wants is his sword andl if the ehamneters are his |
enemies, he has no qualms about stealing it.

Dracula is a skilled
ery,

The Storyteller should we hier i

his powers nchieys this: no one knows the chistacters!
blind spots berter than the Sroryteller, and she should
exploit these ta the fullest, Drnciaka ise has lllies
among the Gypsies and the Turks still in the areas
cither of these groups can be employed for thievery if
he needs, If the charactets are his alles and chey
simply decide not to return the sword, he steals tc 08
stcalthily ns possible, He wants the sword, Bub not
badly enough to alieruite possible compactiors, Char
acters who never wetchisalliestobegin with, however,
receive a very different reiction.

Mitr the Hunter, Gangrel whom the chaienery
anay remember from earlier in the Transylvania
Chroaictes, is Dracula's ally. He leads Draculi's elite
force of Axes, ayroup of ghoul men-at-arms whom the
Tears Hab feemielinnd fal ppeniic Hisedeiccad

beforehis Embrace: Hracula wishes to makea point sn)
the characters by stealing back his sword. While he |
‘wet his sorcery co acate it, Mitns leas thie Axes =

diversionary assault on whatever'character's manse
holds the sword. This should not Feule in any |
charneter's Final Death (unless a chamcter acts in an |
tunkelievably foolish mariner), hue it should esuse ]
plenty of collaveral damage, including a healthy
reduction in the chatacters' pernal armies. Dracula
sant the charerensto know dar he ook buck whit.
sins is nid thie price comes with beling niénemy |
‘of the Dragon.

oe sisatti hall

Drscula dispatches one of his Axes to each of the
characters' domains in mid-December. The chouls deliver
a brief lerner to each character, asking them co meet with
Draculaat Castle Anghes inafew weeks' time. The date can
be modified by how far the characters have to travel, hut it
should bea generousallotment;itiswinter afterall, and his
castle is high in the mountains, Each messenger alo offers
tw guide the characters to the castle through the treacherous
winter passes.

‘Some characters may decline the invitation; Dracula
meets with those whodo arrive, and notes which characters
do not. If all che characters decide not 10 go, then Dracula
Tesorts to steali is sword as described above, if the

characters have it Characters wha don't have the sword

and decline the invitation simply miss out on the meeting
ind the information revealed in it. Note that Dracula isnot
‘omniscient, however —ifnnone ofthe characters attend, he
will have to do a bit of research to determine where the
sword lies, which isan excellent opportunity fer espionage
storytelling vignettes

‘The voyage is difficul, but with the help of the Axes
the characters should traverse the sey Carpathian. passes
succesfully. Travel thrcnigh the Bran Pass stelatively easy,
even in winter, but once the characters turn off the trade
route, the journey becomes mote precarious. The encow
rage is forced to travel close together, and only handy
carriages and wagons manage to complete the journey
without breaking axles orlosina wheels. There s little upon
which toslake che character thintsin the winter mountains,
and they may have tofeed from herds or the peasants living
in che few hamlets they pass. This 1s not as difficult as
nomial in the dead of winter, since most of the citizenry
preparing for winter festivals, and hraving the cold and
darkness more than usual

When they reach either Curtea de Arghes or Aref
the ren towne nearest Dracula's domain. they se the
familiar sight of Castle Arghes: It looks black and twisted
ever igainst the backdrop of the night sky, nestled among
the snow-covered, jutting peaks of Wallachia. The 1400
stepstoithe front yates te even more treacherous than the
characters remember from almost

‘Aces light torches as they lead the characters up to the
much to signal thei presence to Dracula av to

guide their way.

When they reach the summit, the Axes whisper a few
swords to the sentries guarding the gates. The vent
und rap on the gates, which open with a heuvy, dee
Several servants wait in the candlelight within. They
immediately take the characters' conta and belongings as
they lead the characters to the main hall in the castle
There, with a roaring fireplace against one wall and rich
tapestries gracing the other, stands Dracula, He stand in
front ofthe fire, and appearsas little more than a silhouette

he characters. The players should roll for Recheck
(lee a big fire) The fact that Descula vases com)
ewe standing in front of « controlled bonfire should give
the characters something to wonder about

Dracula appears just the same as the last time the
ccharncters met him: His long black hair snd mustacle wre
impeccably combed and kept; his clothes ate anachroratic
butofthe highest quality, and he carries an airof powerand
dominance that is even more pronounced now that he
Kindred. He welcomes the characters to his castle. and
coffers them refreshment for their loryg journey. He greets
each character in a manner appropriate to their relation
chip if one is his lover, Dracula's reactions should be

reminiscent of the final act in the previous installment of
the Transylvania Chronicles.

(Conrna Tas


IVANt To Sues Youn Broo!

The Vial Tepes presented in the World of Dutkness
1s very difierent from the one popularized by ram
Stoker, Bela Lugost and the countless varlations since:
However, ince las is ponoibly the flrs time the char.
acters have interacted with Dracula sincé his Embnice
tw before, some elements of the Dracl
an be used vo heighten the romance and
power of this act.

Thouigh thick Romanian accents should be avided
like the plague,sthe Storytellercanuselinesofdialogue
icectly from Beam Stoker's hook to characterize the
‘Watlacbian count: Count Dnicilas stakement, "Wele

come m my home, enter freely, go-safely" is Creepy.

nough as 1s, and
ness Dracula ith

nming from the Werld of Dark-
id convey the horror that Stoker's
work has lost in che vamnpire's medi transformations.
Retead the novel mod bone up on the images and
mannerisms of Count Dracula; ix this wetting, they'll
ist add to che suspense

Draciila entertains his guests with games and debates
nce th 4. He talks about any subject, though he
al in his criticism of the Camarilla, The

ganizations bine grows ton atnict in teaponse to the Sabbat,

he claims, and anny hat no place in vampire

Along with discussion, he provides a small
orchestra and presents ghouls that act our scenes from,
Shakesp ssical Greek, or any sordid displays the
characters wish to see. He apologizes profusely for the
meage explaining that winter
from acquiring the finest entertainment. Dracula nlso pursves
any love interest from befate, although th
primarily for an ulterior motive (unless the Seoryteller
wishes to treat the relationship otherwise)

re, C

diversions events him

Afterafew hoursof entertaining the characters, Dracul

comes to the point of his surumons. He wishes to reacauite
hissword, Ifthe characters don't have it, Dracula's questions
center around who does. His reasons for qu

ate twofold: He wants

ing them
find out whether the ch
know anything hedoesn't about thesituation, andhe needs
to test their trustworthiness. It's unltkely the charactees
know any secrets that Dracula doesn't already; he knows
he Tremere have his sword, and the charactersdon'tknow
much more beyond that, He pretendstohaveno idea where
the weapon is, however, and judges the characcers the
tmuthfulness and completeness of their answers. Dracula
offers gold, minoe occult books and works of art for the
anformation, and after the ch. ell hi all chev are

Teor Coroners

8


williny to, he retires for the rest of che evening, ‘The
‘characters can leave Castle Anghes when they wish, which
langely depends on how close they are to the count. After
they depart, Dracula employs his sorcery and Axes to
successfully steal his sword back from the Tremere.

Ifthe chameters do have the sword. Dracula's tactics
tire much different. He tells them directly that the sword
ishis, and he would ike it back. The Tremere stole it from
‘him, believing it ro be a valuable magical relic. He admits
that tdoes possess certain abilities, but nothing warranting
its theft. He discovered that che Tremere traded it to the
characters, and now he implores them toreturnit, Dracula
doesn't ask them to do this without reimbursement; he
offers sold. tomes from his library. which contain numerous
koldunic rituals and, pethaps, even one of his minor
castles (offered to the entire group, of course) if the
characters seem reluctant. He does nor offer boons or
related obligations, and refuses to even consider them as
barter for the sword

Dracula goes to great lengths to negotiate wich the
characters, especially ifone is his lover. However, if their
final word ico, he ned and thanks thee for coming. He
tives them fresh horses and provisions and sends them on
theirway (bur not before sensing several of his Axes ahead
tosteal the sword),

If the characters do give him the sword, he pays chem

the sum he promises! and thanks them for their cooperation.
Hesendstwo of his Axes with the charactersto recover the
sword and bring it back to him.
» stealing the sword, the charactets
will likely assume thar he ts responsible, regandless of any
evidence to the contrary. Attacking him in retaliation is
foolish he commands forces equal to any Kindred in the
cea, and an assault-on his castle would cost the characters
dearly. Either way, by the end of the scene Dracula should
‘once again possess his sword, and the characters should
spenda month in peace before they hear of him again.

Scene IL: Tue Fines of Farr

‘The holidays pass, the New Year's celebration comes
and goes, und Transylvania settles in to await spring's
iutival. The characsetshianectiles yiverDaac halos,
had the sword stolen from them, or have told Dracula thier
the Tremere have it. Regardless, they are able to attend to
the lesser details of their domains, supporting ot hindering
the revolution, and conducting their unlives in relative
normalcy... until strange things begin happening in their
lands. This sues, again, that the characters are al in, of
close to, Transylvania; characters further away can be
pulled ls by diets anucates' ples for aid

‘The first indication of abnormality tx child's random
disappearance in a city that one of the characters controls.
‘The child disappears without a trace one January night,
apparently stolen ftom her bed white the family step.

{¢Dewcula resore

Depending on how tightly the characters cantrol their
dornains, dey may hear of this either directly from the
family or chrough the mortal sheriffs with who they have
‘contact, This is tragic, but probably does not overly alarm
the characters... until they hear of exactly the same thing
‘happening in each city in theirdomainsand the domains of
the other characters and Kindred in the area, Nearly every
city suffersachild'skidnapping, on neatly the same night.
and in towns with only a few hundred to ar mort a few
thousand inhabitants, such chings definitely dor not go
unnoticed. Regardless of how tyrinnically the group
silences its domains, word quickly spreads. Soon, everyone
isspeaking of the kidnappings that plague theie bergen, and
«few begin whispering that itis che work of the Devil,
The characters are ftce to investigate these disap-
fpearances hoth personally and through their contacts, but
they discover little. Even Diseiplines such as Auspex
cannot detectany meaningful clues abour the kidnappings
Searches turn up no bodies, and inquiries teveal no infor-
imation. The characters should start to get frustrated with
all the dead ends, just as another wave of disappearances
hits Transylvania — this cine. two or three children
Uisappear from each city, in the same manner as before
The characters may have imposed curfews and watches in
the cities, but the watches see nothing unusual on the
nights of the kidnappings
Families ery out for justice in distress and fury. Local
priests and ministers preach that the Devil walks: in
Transylvania. Wild rumors of witches anid demons float
through the populace. who sre desperate to find an answer
for the random, widespread disappearances. The characters
may intuit where this is all leading, bur even influence in
the Catholic Church can't stop the coming reaction. The
Roman lnquisition quickly appoines. local bishop, Denitet
digo, as hend Inquisitor in Transylvania, and charges him
with finding and destroying the demonic influence in his
land. A knee-jerkcharseterreaction to thisisto assassinate
digo: this is among. the stupidest courses of action the
characters ean take. After making the bishop-a martyr, the
Inquisition continues on with twice ax much fervor. The
Church must be o9 to something if the Devil's agents are
Killing thaie lnqpisiere
‘The bishop immediately departs for the largest city
claimed as domain by one of the characters, and sends his
‘own representatives to the other cities. The Habsburg
troops wintering in the group cities do not have aeders to
help the Inqusitors in any way, but many lend their aid as
witch hunters voluntarily, both to break up the boredom of
winter and to destroy the heresy in Transylvania. Wild
secusutions ly, and as more childron disappear it becomes
harder for the characters to set fooe in their own domains,
atch hunters fall on the cities, hired by peasanes
cal churches. The Inquisition quickly changes into
sport. Greed, power and ambition become motives for the

Gump Tae


vdmany witch hunters manufacture "evidence"
re their payment by the townsfolk. A betrayal by a
mistreated ally of any accusation from a greedy noble can
pull any character into the fires ofthe Inquisition. For ideas
oon how treachery and personal vendettas play in to witch
read or watch The Crucible for a look at the less
lewine side of stornping out heresy.
Unlucky or careless characters run the risk of being
identified asa vampire (or a wetewol, heretic, witch orany
her \snaginable entity), and their ghouls live in constant
ar of the witch's pyre. Ifthe characteris openly vampiric
(9 problem for obvious "y
impaired "rulers"), supported the Turks during their
occupation, rear in church regularly or has
rmade harsh es in his reign, then he isa viable
target for accusation and a subsequent rial... which should

be scheduled during daylighe hours. Of course, this only

Happens if a character is known to the public; careful
characters (though not necessarily their ghouls of allies)
ld be able to avoid the worst of the chaos: It pays to,

he Inquisition

Die HisTonicad IWOursrion
The Inquisition referted tain chis acts the Roman |
Inquisition, the sume bod that tried Galileo fowhheresy, |
The pr ceed etierally occur in runner similartoa |
nxquisitor presides ke a judge to ear
snd pas judgment an accwed heretics An |
sation of heresy requites two witness, afvr which |
tvidual canberriedand questioned. Almost
anything may be permitted as "evidenge"scerop failure a )
vearafter someone refused to lend the Mnpected witch |
pound of barley, deaths inthe family afteriasmall slight
‘irually any colneidence can be weighed and considered |
bythe Inquisitor. After ie partes judement.the Inquisitor
han the heretic over to the secular justice yates, and
te derff imposes whatever punisheneat the laseh.called |
for. Torture iy used only ci garner a confession fd the
accused heretic, which, by Catholic dogma, cleanses the
hherecc' soul. I dhs fails, the heretic i sully burned,
though not alive; mose are execuced before their bodies |
meet the py
Huistoricall purises may noce chat the: Inquisition ns q
well ps its heyday by 1710, and tha the only pericds of |
widespread wiech hunteand tortures took place centuries
before, This is largely true:torture had lose favorasa useful
tool because of its tendency to extract false confessions,
Loman Inquisition was not'nearly as beutabor |
asthe Medieval orSprunish Inquisitions, However,
the World of Darknets, .. everything isa lirde
a lirele more comupt.anda whole toc worse This is |
a horror st ta historical treatise. If you can believe
mpires influencing moreal society ahddemansbound
vinder the land, then you can certainly swallow a few )
crubelisiments,


Asifthegroupneedsmore todeal with, heyhaveother
signs that things are not going well in Transylvania. The
weather takesadistinctdowntur. Bitter windsand blizzards
bblastacross the Land, and every mannerof calamity stars to
fall on the Carpathians. The populace attributes it ro the
demonic influence building in Transylvania, which spurs
the Inqusitioneven further, Thechamctersmay remember
the last time the weather got 50 bad; it was almost four
centuries before, when Zelios claimed that the demon
Kupala poisoned the land with his presence.

‘Thissection of the acts purposely les structured than
the reit; much of it depends on the characters' previous
ssctionsand what mood and flavor the Storyteller wanes het
chronicle to have, Play up the Inquisition if fantic danger
and despemtion work well for the players; if the group
prefers subtler themes, then capitalize on their manipulations
tind schemes to avoid detection and to expel the witch
hunters fcom their cities. It is easy, however, foe the
chameters to get distracted at this point in the act. They

‘may become so concemed with fending off the Inquisition
tat they grow oblivious to the sinister nature of the
children's diesppesrance: The Stexytellershould ne ane oe
‘wo incidents to illustrate the gravity of the situation, but
shouldn't drag the Inquisition theme out. The crux of the
ct still es ahead. The tory needs wo keep moving or the

players will ger bored with secing haly warrices slay their
servants and bum their manses.

One Last Meerino

‘On a particularly dark and stormy night, after a
particularly bad week of dodging the Inquisition, the
characters receive a familiar visitor. Preferably, this takes
place when most or all of the characters are together: no
such opportunity is available, then the visitor can meet
with a few of the characters individually,

Icis likely the charactershavehecome rather paranoid,
which means they have stepped up their personul defenses.
They receive word from one of their guards that one lone
‘man, looking unkempt and wearing a piecemeal combination,
of furs and armor, is appronching the manor. The man
seems able to brave the wind and snow quite well, and is
red only with asword and speat. The characters may be
ble to gues, just from the description, that this is Octavio,
and he arrives at the manor a few minutes later. leicles
dangle from his armor and frozen snow sparkles in his
beard and hair. He immediately falls to his knices upon
seeing the characters

"Atlant have I made itto youropen arms, my Kindred,"
Octavio croons. "Though weather slowed me and fatigue
clawed tne wd the very foxes of Hell sel cd in my
way, I have come!"

‘Octavio readily necepts any hospitality the characters
spive; he is hungry and exhausted, and the characters might
Seamazed he wasable to come this faron foot with ws Tittle

vitae. Oneehe isfed and rested, hebeginsto peak again. His
voice sounds tired and weak, without the passion the chat
acters experienced during other encounters with him.
"Thave one last duty to perform, one last missive to
deliver. Gods duties burden me, and I fear that He picked
servant who cannor anrvive to stop the coming darkness
But I ean fulfil this lase duty, and then I may finally rest
"The Dragon again claws for powet. He takes his sword,
the sword of Dracula, which makes his machinations possible.
Ho soul towrost the heart of the derson from Transylwania's
soil and bend it to his will. The land eries out as bis ritual
beuins, and the Dragon knows not what power he truly
unleashes! One hundred souls ittuakes, 100 lives of the pure
and innocent to bring forth Kupala, and even now he
ccalleets them. He still is short but a few, andl soon he will
have them, The demon will walk again
‘The characters should realize this is why the children.
have been disappearing, and it seems to be by Dracula's
hand, They may also surmise that this is rhe incident one
of the Gehenna prophecies speaks of; this Is an incorreer
assumption, but they are free to speculate. If they ask what
powers Dracula's sword has, Ostavio shakes his head, "L
know not. The Warlocks know.asthey stole it fr their ow
purposes, bur the humble servant before you does not."
‘Octavio can't answer anything is ore detail, no
ruatier bow many questions the characseryask He does say
thar the characters are at the center of bis visions, and thar
they are the ones whom fate places in the puth of the
Dragon, but has no more information. After he delivers his
Amessinge, Octavio tives and says dhat his dary is dome, aunl
now he must go: He departs, disappearing into the dark
snowstorm ouside.

Scene IIL: Desperate Times

The group may investigate Cetavio's claims before it
leaps headlong into following his prophecies. The only
evidence the channcterscan find to hack Octavio\sthat the
only two cownssthar have nor suffered any kidnappings, and
the subsequent visi from the Inquisition, are Curtea de
Arghesund Arefu, the rworowna closest toDracula's castle
They also might compare Octavio's speech with one of the
prophecies recovered tium Maris Asuncion the seate>
ments about digging the demon's heart from the land are
‘only coincidentally similar, buc the chameters may be
‘convinced that if Dracula carries out his ital, he wil fulfil
aasign of Gehenin.

The charactershave two choices: Theycan seekour the
‘Tremere (specifically, Claas, the Tremere whos offered the
sword asbarterin Act), orthey can go straight to Dracula's
castle toconfront him. Eithercourse ofaction ws acceptable,
‘but not going ta the Tremere deprives the characters of a
very potent weapon they can use to stop Dercula, The
characters may also think the Tremere sill have Dracula's
sword, though the Impaler stole #t from them before the

Gar Tiser

St


kidnappings a are not on good terms
with the Tretve ny Sabbat oe Trimisce, likely
know thar visting the Tremere isnot the healthiest cours
‘of action, and may simply have to make their fornune
without the Warlocks' knowledge

Finpino 4 WaAntock Wer You Neeo One
Ieisdoubrful any ofthe characters knows the location

«f Ceoris, the chantey where

Powerful Tremere in Transylvania tes

may know the route, but also knows the punishment the

other members « sp would receive for learning it

(and what pun he would receive for revealing

encerings with ther characcers remember
villoge wher xe and met
Tremere... centuries befo

ge isdifficule in the storms tof the
ers had tn thetr first Se

ict with any Tremere, itean send
word ahead and set up a meeting. If not, they must likely,

waitin thevill foreCI of theit

ing short and to the point. He ts
noticeably uncomfortable outside Cori, since Alceditz
heavily plagued with the Church's farces. The chi
have to
Dracula's hands, and that Dracula is the cause of the
nces and Inquisition. After learning this, Claas
grudgingly explains what he knows about the sword.
Dracula's sword absorbs blood from those it wounds,
but that i not its only effect. IF slays someone, the sword
commits» type of soul-trapping — not camplete, bor
h to conmime part of its victim's essence. Claas
surmises that Dracubi needs either the blood or the essence
of the children, and the sword is the best way to store them
unt he is ready to enact the ritual
way to stop the abiliey fsa ward Claas
himself wove into the sword as a safety device. The ward
discharges everything the sword contains ifit hearsa single
ited it must beable
which means the sword must
word must be spoken loud
be heard. Characters who traded the Cappadocian
for the sword may he furious that the Tremere safety

warded their offer, but there (s litte they can do to change
the fact now.

Tuosanwes Gon I
5


exct pronunciation of the command word can play a tense
(and desperate) part of the final scene of the act. if the
Storyteller wishes. Ie must be pronounced exactly, after
all... mispronunctation won't work.

After revealing this, Claas wishes the characters luck.
Thecharacters now have only ane place tog Dracula'ceaete

Wetcome To Mv Home

The oumney to Castle Arghesisa disaster. The characters
can remember the difficult rip from the frst parc ofthe act;
in the blizzad, it far worse. Snowdeifts cover the passes,
blinding snow whips through the air, and chilling winds
send the temperature plummeting. Carriages and wagons
have absolutely no chanee of traversing the mountain
roads, The only way to cross is by hose, andl a very sturdy
fone at that (perhaps only steeds fed vampiric blood),
Taking more than one of two retainers is also impossible in
the cold, unless the characters don't mind sacrificing afew
ghouls to exposure. There is almost nothing to feed from,
and the characters may have to gain vitae from their own
retainers and pack animals. Daylight also poses a problem
without wagons the horses have to be protected by trees ot
‘Gives each day, and the group may have to io 50 Far as to
bury itself in the snowdriftsto stay out of the stonn diffused
son. The trip should be dificule and miserable, as nature
itself is keeping the characters ae bay.

When the group finally reaches Curtea de Arghes or
Avrefi it can feed, hur again with difficulty. Almost no one
‘cout in the snowstorm. Then, they can beyin the treach-
rou ascent to Castle Arghes. They cannot see the castle
fram the base, only the rough staircase leading into the
billowing darkness, Torches and banter ilurainate only «
few feet at best, and must be constantly tended to prevent
them ftom blowing out.

The wind, ice and snow make the stairs incredibly
precarious. Each character must make several Dexterity +
Athletics rolls (difficulty 8) t© keep from slipping. The
seaiey drop off in 2 sheer cliffon each side; « botch on dhe
Athletics toll sends the character aver the edge and into
torpor somewhere in the snow below, Sadistic Seoryrllers
‘caniaddan avalanche, wind gusts and even lightning bursts
tomake the joumey worse, (And yes, ngree with the players
when they say lightning does not occur ina bliseard. This
isa less than wholesome storm.)

TALKING With Dracuta
Once the chanicters reach the saromit, several options
ore open to them. The most straightforward, and easiest,
option is simply to talk with Drcula, When the characters
amive at the gates to the castle, no guards are braving the
weather; banging on the gaces bs the omy way 1 get che
attention of the sentres inside. Ifthe characters give their
‘namesndaskero speak with Dracula, the guard disappearsfor
several minutes, then retumss and allows the group inside.

‘The castle ts exactly the same as the characten first
visit. Dracula welcomes them 2s before. but looks suspiciously
‘nt his quests; Most Kindred would not beave the weather
outside for anything but a very important visit. He offers
mortals toslake the characters' thitats; then invites them t0
talk In the main hall of the castle The chirictets notice
thar he wears his sword in a seabhard at his side. If they
listen closely, they ean hear the whispers of children's
‘voices coming from its sheathed blade.

The main hall juera¢ tha yroup remembers, te lt and
warmed by the large fireplace, but this time there ls xn
clegant table set in the center of the room, Around the
table sit six chikfren, clean and dressed in fine noble
clothing Dracula takes teat at the head of the table and
offers the remaining chairs to the chatacters, The children
are talking quietly and giggling, and each is diningon large
saucets of steaming soup. The characters can smell the
potent aroma of Kindred vite én each bowl. Dracula
apologizes for the children's manners; he was able to clean
them up and clothe them properly, the couldn't de away
with their commoner attitudes in +0 short a time. He then
asks why the characters have journeyed to his mans.

‘When the characters speak of the ritual or the disap-
pearances, Dracula motions for his guards ro rake the
cchiklten away. Afterthey have departed, he speaks ftecly
The children are the lait six he needs to complete the
sacrifices he must make for his koldunie ritual. He has
removed the geomuntic symbol the characters placed an
his emtle, weakening the web that entraps the spirit
Kupaln, and his ritval will pierce what remains to gain
control off, He sees Kupals asa potent spirit of the land,
amd thinks that once he controls it, he ean use it to calm
the mystically blighted weather and cleanse the tainted
land. Kupala to hire isa possible cure, not the cause, of
Transylvania'sailments, nd heelains that heean restore
Transylvania by controfling the demon. He also wants to
command its power for his own ends, but does not mention
this to the characters,

At this point, the characters may argue from several
different angles. They may be able w convince Dracula of
Kupala's malevolence by revealing mont of their Gehenna
Kuowledge mad dicir pesminsal eapericiices, Live as iewuite
tivingDraculaalocof information. Many characters wil be
uncomfortable with freely giving 50 much lore to the
Impaler. Charactersin. love relationship with Draculacan
simply ask him to give up the ritual, accentuating theit
Aanguments with emotional pleas. They can abo argue from
the point of view that the children's disappearances are
making Transylvanian unfiving hell for Kinded with the
wld
for Dracula, however. He mentions that he has already
‘captured the last six children he needs, and no more will
disappear. Needless to say, arguments about the morality of

presenccof the Ingubition. This does i scl water

Corn Tae

8


None of these arguments completely dispel Dracula's
desire to contro! Kupala. Malevolent or not, it's powerful,
and he issill convinced he can bend thedemon tohis wll,
The charactersmay getthe impression chat Dracula isgoing
to go ahead with the citual even as he says he won't; this
lungely depends on his relationship with the characters and
hhow well they argue thei vide. At best the characters are
able toconvitice him not to carry out the ritual at this time,
Inshould be clear tothe characters whether Draculaintends
toheed their warning or not; making him give up the ritual
should be a reward for good characterization and well-
teasonied arguments If he agrees, he thanks the characters
for their concem and promises to not continue with the
‘utwal. He asks them rosniy for anight or ewo: they can agree

decline. Dracola creats them with all the hospitality he
can, anid asks more questions about Gehenna and their
knowledge of Kupala during their stay.

Antrepid characters may ask to learn about the ritual
invelf. If they do, Dracula takes them down a winding
staircase to what appears Co be an ancient dungeon, lit by
torches and candles. Iris a wide open space with strange
‘markings drayn upon the ground. Concenteie circles
inscribed with runes dominate the center ofthe room, and
fon each circle stand the heads of the small children
Dracula has captured and sacrificed. Their bodies are
scattered along the walls in heaps, with only the cold
keeping the bodies from decomposing. The smallest circle
in the center of the ring isthe onty one that is not filled,
awaiting the headsof the final sx children. In the dungeon,
the characterscan more clearly hear the sft cries emanat-
{ng from the sword. Dracula does not show the group the
tome containing the ritual. All he says is that once he
bicheads che final yix chiklren and places their heads on
the citele, he can discharue theit blood and souls inta the
center of the circle. This will pierce the geomantic web,
and the demon will be freed... into his control.

Ove of paranoia or distrust, and especially if the
characters gain the impression that Dracula is goin 00 go
lead with the ritual, one of the characters may utter the
command word, either loudly or subtly, near the sword,
Regardless of how they do it, no amount of subtlety can
hide wharhappenerathnewned Qncethe command word

spoken, all the voices in the sword let out a united
shriek: The absorbed blood explodes from the blade in
shower (over 200 blood points worth, after slaying 40
many children). It is quite anoticeable effect, bathing the
entire 160m in crimson, Dracula reacta to this in absolute
‘age, baring his fangs and screaming at the charactets. He
ddoes not attack or harm them, however; after berating
them for their tmpudence and mistrust, he demande that
they leave immediately, and never interfere in his business
vigain, He throws characters who are particularly on his
bad side into one of the dungeons in his castle, which may

prompt-a (probably losing) fight against Dracula, Misra
and the Axes, bur he releases them ina few nights with the
same warning. ‘The characters have made Dracule an
‘enemy, and he never forgives them for this slight. This
‘course of action, however, does force him to discard the
ritual for the time being. He cannot gather 100 more
children with the Inquisition in the area, and he will have
to wait fora great while to begin the ritual again

If the charactets are Dracula's enemies, they may nt
want to talk to (or even be eeen by) Dracula at all. Two
alternative options exist: sneaking into the castle, and
attacking the castle. An atmck is ludicrous; weather
conditions are hideous, and the characters have a handful
of people, compared to the army of revenants Dmncula
employs. However, this may work, to a limited extent, if
they ean draw Dracula into the fight just long enough cose
the sword and yell che command word. Regardles, thin is
terrible option, and characters that choose it should receive
‘large dose of Final Death (or at least torpor) atthe bands
cof Dracula's assembled mercenaries for their stupidity

Soaking into the castle is much more viable, Because
ofthe weather, very few guards are outskle,.0 Ue charasters
can make itto the caste walls easily. Precipices border each
side of the castle, and the characters must make more
Athletics rolls to climb sncwnd to one of the stained glass
wldows. After breaking in, they cansex manny ofthe series
described above (from hiding. of course), and after dodging
‘afew Axes, they should be able to find Dracula. Depending
con how merciful the Storyreller wants to be, Dracula can
cither momentarily leave his sword in « coun where die
characters can get tf, or he can keep it with hie, forcing
them tospeak the command word while he hasit at his side
If they have an excape route planned, they should have
litte trouble getting nway;ifrmt, be thea fel the wuts of
the count. Ultimately, however, the characters should
succevi, since they are meant to stop the rise of Kupala.
(Who isn't ready to rise just yet...)

‘When the characters leave Castle Arghes (regardless
‘of how they leave), the scene is much different. [f Dracula
agrees to discontinue the ritual, he removes the ritual
lines as the characters leave, dispelling the sorcery; ifthe
Toasters dis hsage the sword then the rit s thwarted
by default. Once the ritual ends, the storm stops. The
characters step cut of the castle to sce werystal clear, stare
filled sky above, with a full moon bathing the sparkling
‘white Carpathian mountains in soft light. & calm silence
{alls overthearea. The charactersean head home. finding
their voyage much easier this time, and eagerly await the
aarival of spring

EpitoGue

After the disappcarances stop, the Inquisition rapilly
doses steam. Each town or village pins the responsibility for

Trassvania Gerona Il

au


the kidnappings on one or two of the "witches" that they receive leters rom Lucita and Anatole, This may not seem
J consider the tsue done. Eventually, unlife for y contents of the letter. Each
retums te normal, and they can go about en in flowinye
follows
with Dracula, just

Felloas,

Fapologtee for nol coming in person lo delwer this message. Anatole and Tiave met
snany Hindred whi staare ous cvacesns; wodune trav bear ned mact, Soon ave will spiakof
Usesethings...bulnow:snatthetine. Analolersistedon sending this missive loyou, Tleope.
you lake it in Ure right way.

prey botee yor soon,
Bucita

Chaiipagne, Franse
2 March 1716

The second letter is weitten on dirty parchment, with writing this is barely legible nt times.

Thouheth throated the machinations of the Dragor#
Pease God that Rintdeed woitty such mcttle as thee stand
Sa ie the eee 3 have taken in the and
ight to see a pea
comes arid evo ee tee mite
vee and tyes pdapbedlilot iogedicle: a8 (5 the
vohat 3 see so WE men Ge prepared Suties
ahead Six pass Hee cerriain:,.. Wark the signs!

to his diablerie of Octavio. Octavio's statements take on with horror. Regardless, Octavie has passed his
4 few new meanings, and the characters possibly see cupon, and the group knows that ir is firmly destined ro
Anatole in a completely different light... especially play a part in Gehenna,

(Coare Te
55.



Make terrr the order of the day

The year is 1289 and revolution is imminent: Europe
ispoised on the brink of cataclysmic upheaval, but few can
comprehend the scope und scale ofthe changes brewing or
the dizzvinw speed with which they will occur. The charac-
rersarenow cenuuties-olI Cainitesof great power, bur in ll
likelihood they too will be swepr along on the tides of
history like children, grappling with the power of the
masses and of history as they pursue fragments of the
Gehenna prophecies and try to survive amidst the tumult
of Revolutionary France, Thixchapter is mainly concerned
with the distocating effects of the passage of time on the
elder characters. and the conflict between young and old.
that perennial aspect of Cainite (Kindred, to the fled:
lings) existence, reappears from a new perspective. This ix
alo an oppertunity for the Storyteller to remind the
characters to respect the power of the "kine" whom they so
often treat a» vessels, of, at best, as potential ghouls ot

c, of the Committee of Public Safety

childer, and of their own status as antiquated relics of
nights past,
The first challenge is getting the characters to Paris
Iv, thicahould tot be tan lf. Paring
only in the mortal world, buc alsa in the world of
the Kindred. The strongest and most stable nation in
‘Western Europe isthe heart of the relatively new Camaritla
‘Under the strong rule of Prince F
the Conventio

‘ois Villon. Parissince

bat has never mace its pres:
ind salons, the Lupines have l
more rural areas. the Inquisition has

gates
faded into the background, and the prince's influence is
tuncontested. Tt has evolved into a very elaborate and
formal society of the mest polite and gentee! Kindred, who
have been very successful at blending in with mortal
society, largely aping the ways of the aristocrats and the

Ciara Four

3


wealthy bourgeois Less refined Kindred have beerrahunned,

locales. Prince V lo ha ester she shade toon, many
sthers seek 10 emulate arly atte

bi Kindeed from

and his court ts reg
scaer Lands, curry
nobbing with the new Camanilla elite, or simply obse
The rumors thar the pitiful remnant

thy calling themselves the Sabbat ts beginni
ather in Barts, and i Jisiffected
by their

nding allies among the
younger Kindred effectively shut out of ¢
youth and th

t blood, are,
spun

nnvious of the
9) diueals of 3

doce prince

eller and th

sactly why the characters will be
depend on the ctv
-ophical leanings, fri
this point: Iris

neters expressed interests, political and

portant, by
mace fora faitly | chap

over a five-year span of time. Characters need to hav

n tostay in France fora few years: «
sble power of the

visitors, given the age and prc
Jom eldeepop up our
aying, "Goto Partsandstay there" will probably be ineflective

Tasty

{ine certainly noeyery fun), Keep it
idea toconault with the playersabout this. Irsokayto say,
next major event in the storyline will take place in Pari it

1789. can think of many reasons why Crustav an

vd that it isa very

Julianna
les chan

Storyteller fiat. few ofthe

any possbilitiesare given below
llers will find some combination that works best

for the characters in the chronicle

Mortat Society

Characters who have chosen
have every reason to want to spend some time in Paris. The
Jhubbuband tumult ofthe city, the explosion
tall should be very appealing
is beginning tofeel the weight.

> remain somewhat in

1ew ides, th
an elder who
ughan
fanew place
ppornunity 8

vibrant life
ofthe yearsan
mber
ofhortific experiences, watching the flow ofl
might seom bike
pormaley. Scholarly

for a few ye:
new ides being vaiced there fascinating or repulsive, b
irk

ie- Additionally, the

that any player for whom it scems

certainly worth iny
termswith Lucira, sh
Storyteller might »

human

xcs


appropriate stare working a storyline like this into his blue-
booking during downtime, and let hien areive a litle eaely wo
ir docan't seem too contrived.

Altematively, Kindred who rule over thelr sexés with
iron fists as lords and masters of the Transylvanian night
might be concemed with the veritable Mloed of liberal
thought that threatens the borders of their holdings. The
Austrians and even the Russians are experimenting with
liberal ideas; might the characters own chattel become
infected with poisonous ideas ach as liberty" and "deme

c¥!" These characters might set out to Paris to learn watys
to combat the spread of such dangerous concepts. It could
certainly provoke some interesting storytelling sessions to
remember that the characters ate products of far leas ety
lightened times, and, despite any sympathies players may
hhunbor for them, the kleas developing now encountered a
freardeal of hostility. This applies equally well to vampires
mall sides of the political spectrin, on all Paths,

CLAN AND Sect AFFAIRS

Characters who have become strongly involved in the
Camaritia have fairly obvious reasons for wanting to go to
Paris. Paris is the heart of che sect ut this time. Merely
spending time there will enable characters to keep tabs on
political developments ancl build more connections with
theelite. e'salso worth consideringehat the charactersare,
ifvall likelihood, anion the elite themselves, and sre going

co seek out their peers with whow to spend the endless
nights, Toreador characters in particular mightseek out the
center of their clan's activities in this time, while suembers

Ot other ckany could seek to build alliances with thei. The
Tremere hierarchy in particular is becoming concerned
with the possible threats of insurrecricn and Sabla activ-
ity, even ifthe Parisian Kindred themselves are not.
Characters with stronger affiliations with the
remaining anatchs of the Subbat aha have reisons to move
tw Paris for 9 time. To them, itis haven of complacent
oppressors that practically eries out to be destroyed. The
most radical Sabluat consider the "Kindred" of Paris to be
weak, pathetic creatures following mortals around like dog
begsing for scraps und adhering blindly to antiquated eradi-
tions, and see that their arrogance makes them extretnely
vulnerable. There are ako other motivations for those who
hhold power in the Sabbat — less idealistic ones to be sure.
Many of the European elders who founded the sect, and
powerful recent initiates ike Count Radu Bist and Vladienit
Rustovich, are becoming concerned that many of the neo-
nates embraced into the scet recently, especially after the
seet's recent suecesses in the New World, ate having trouble
shedding some of the ridiculous mortal prineiplesof"justice"
and "equality" they held in life. They ae foolishly incerpret-
ing the Sabbar's professed standards as applying to the sect's
town elders at well as those of the opposition. They are
‘troubled by the possibilities of what eight happen if events
in France get out of control, and would like to see a strong

controlling hand on the rudder (ic. the character) shoukd
the Sabbat make strong gains there.

On the other hand, if Radu or Rustowich has had less
than friendly relations with Sabbat-sympathetic charac
ters, he might ask them to go under similar pretenses,
hoping thatevenes will getout of away hae will
conveniently eliminate the characters. Radu can also make
pitch to a single character stuongly associated wich the
Camarilla, especially fhe had been on good terms with him
atscmne pointin the past. Roducould explain that he reget
‘making concessions to the Sabbae out of necessiey, but he
fears the growing radicalism ofthe young, and he gives the
characters false information about Sabbat plots in France.
Ifthe character takes the bait, Richa hel bi
the sect, then gives information about its movements and
plans to Gerard de Chatelle (see below) vin messenger,
setting them up and possibly even planning for their ws
ination. In this way he will help erase the taint of his early
opposition to the Sabbar by using the prominent Camarilla
character as a sacrificial offering.

Characters who are not strongly affiliated with any
sect, including, bur nor limiced co, most members of the
independent clans, have many reasons to be in Paris, both
personal and political. Ambitious independents will find
ample opportunities to profit from the trouble that iv
brewingat leas for ame, Ifthe true narutes are known,
they will be seen largely asnovelties, potentially dangerous,
‘bur also fascinating. If they are undercover, any of the sect
‘agendas might function as cover stories

OLp Fruenns

‘This is probably best used for obstinate or particularly
dense players, as it smacks a little too much of overt
manipulation and, quite frankly, for most troupes it will
have gotten stale 1 long time ago — have someone the
characters love ot hate encourage them to go, Anatole and
Lucita are the old standbys in this category, which is why
they should probably be used only as alas resort (or if your
players really like them and have good storytelling expetl-
‘ences with them). Please note also that any friendship they
‘may have had with the pair in the past will have couled
dramatically if the characters have made a strong, stand in
favor of the Sahar in the pact. Many ather perth
exist, however, Pethaps the characters teceive word that an
‘old rival of theirs is spreading vile stander about them inthe
French court, stander that may find fertile ground if the
characters rejected Prince Villon's offer in Act 1. Old
friends or foes from major events like the Convention af
"Thoms might invite them to spend some time with cher,
The possibility that the Camarilla might censure them (or
wore), may motivate some characters to mike huste for
Paris in order to defend theie honor. The characters vce»
‘might be in Paris (a possibility explored further below), and
tmay send messages to them, asking them co bury old grudges
‘or, ifthey are les than forgiving sor, settle old scores once
aand forall. A character's childet might have begun playing
Kindred games, and may need to be bailed out of a sticky

Given Fou


situation, of they may have been preparing fortheirillascri-
re. Any number of va
Wherever p

hs things of personal value,

Tease zZ establish

and avoid attempe

Act III: Virtue ann
Terror (1789-1794)

1. OMEN
na approsches; and the
ore compelli;

egin to find that dreat
ple theit di

this in very v ms are

funintelligibl

corpse strewn battlefields, screat

powering sense of
Chane
cers (Th

ulties of re

».) On

mostly bar avens,

with on that lingers upon

id will begin to wear on the

ay choose to add one

renzy rolls on parcicularly ba
ticular nighe in the warly

come more vivid and the chas

jetails upon waking, Each so
iny.scene individually. Thou
th

1789,
ters will

the fe

thev will sense each other's

presence hovering abe ot communicate with

@

each other. The Storyteller migh
individually with each character alone i
Each churacter finds herself at the entrance
forrress, asthe setting sun tumsthe sky crimson overh
door opens, the chi enters, anal ic
with « loud clang The int

interconnecting hallways and chambers, laid out with nc
rhyme or reason. The mutterinys und gibbcrings ofthe rand,
i thesounds of flogging,

all the

characters wander

s the character passes are empty. Let the

nd as you describe the h
cells, and dootsin afinstratingsecquenceof choices that yethe
agitated. When i seems like that's a danger, move oo,

Skittish footstep
she tur

characte shit
behind the character. If
ch young man, malnout
fink
n there
no way
Georg von Nevmna

atu rans. If ve clea

n). As he sces the character, he t
finds thntsbie cannot

ech up to him as they nin dhtough the same

pitssayes, de

that he stop have no effect, unless

aand chen darts off again with renewed

port, and empty chambers. R

sata Cosas


Almost immediately after the young man is sighted,
several things happen siruleancously. Fis, thesounssof the
madre broken by the sounds of an unruly mob and the report
of guns, Remark offhandedly chat it seems strangely reminis-
cent of the mob thar chased the characters through the streets:
of Budapesc when they fine met Qeravin centuries apy They
ako heurasoft, ur strong nd familiar voice reading aloud in
an unfarulior kmguage, a voice they recognize as that of
‘Anatole. Astime pases, note that they hear the mob getting
louder, besinninig taddrewn out all other exurcl exeeps thar of
‘Anatole's reading, and soon i is aceeenpanied by the sounds
of many heavy footfalls echoing through the hallways.

the character continues to fellow the young man, he
toads hee arund a comer ae the sound of stomping feet
rows to the point of being deafening, and screams. A mob
surges down the hall coward birn (and the character), most
of them dresed in the garb of the French working class,
though seattered among the crowd are people from many
different times and places — the character's victims. Ifthe
character haskilled anyone specific (like amajaratoryteller
character), that individual is present as well; if not, simply
the masses of mortals they havefed upon over the centuries,
intermingled with the French crowd. If the character does
not follow the young man, she chances upon him at the
tmoment before he tums the comer and meets the crowd

The young man nunsinay fot the mob,pushing peat die

chameter (using alarming strength if need be) tw run toward
the voice of Anatole, the charactercheewesnot to follow the
young man, she finds every doorway, every exit ebstructesl by

the mob. Ifthe chamcter persia, the mob sweeps her op
helpless, for whar seems like an etemity of grabbing hands,
sweaty bodies, halls, and dooes, unc the firs rays of sunlight
begin to sep in through the ericks, and the character is
daggel,sereaming madly, into the bright mys ofthe sun.

If the character follows the young man, she is fed
deeper and deeper into the bowels of the foreress as the
fhuman tide clarmors from behind. Finally, they come roan
‘caken door, which is locked. Anatole is heard reading on
the other side, almost chanting now. The young man
reaches intobis tattered garment and drawsouta handsome

leather pouch, with a family crest tooled into it, (Wits +
Hesaldty ov Avca Kiwwledge, difticulty 8, wentites the

crest as Austrian, with multiple successes identifying it as
that of the house of von Neumann, a minor noble family
‘elated tenuously 1 the ruling Habsburg dynasty), As the
nob closes, che young man pulls a brass key from the pouch,
and opens the door into a prison cell. In the cell, Anatole
faces away from them, leaning over 4 large tome, which
(ests ona wooden podium, Qctavio besan the floor, hands
nosed over is ces, capidly turning 0 wh. The roar of
the mob becomes deafening as the crowd overtakes them
from behind. Anatole stops reading, turns and faces the
character. Hisbroad, maniacal grin is covered in blood, anid
ashe looks deep ini the character'seyeo,she sees tna they

are dark, hollow sockets, in which she sees the battlefield
from her nightmares. Anatole' laugh echoes thiugh the
character's head as the crowd pushes her forward with ity
‘weight and rays of the sun burst in che window.

The character wakes with a jolt thar evening, sill
seremming, glistening with blovnl-yweat.

Scene II: To Darts

[Now is the time to finish getting everyone to Paris. If
the Storyteller has decided dat masing chamcters should
receive invitations from their sites of old friends to do «0,
those invitations arrive now. If Anatole and Lucita are
needed to do the inviting, a messenger will arrive with a
letter from Lucite. (Note wo Storytellers: The wext and
tone ofthis letter aysuine that che character receiving t has
become a confidant of an earnest acquaintance of Lucita
and Anatole over the years. Fee! free to alter it if necessary
to reflect the actual relationship.)

Hopefully, this will convince most players that Pari is
the place to be. Those who refuse to cooperate can simply be
left our of this act. (Anatole may later make obscure stare:
meno bout the dire consequences of the character's refusal
ofhisorherfate.) A curmudgeonly character who cannot, tn
all honesty, conceive of leaving his Trarwylyanian demesne
does have one other option that will enable the player to
participate, tfnor the character. The player cats assume the
tole of a childe o vassal of the primary character, sent to
investigate the goings-on in Paris on behalf of her site, or
preferably, the childe or vassal of one of the other player's
‘huracters accompanying them of their trek. Chances ate
that after neatly six cencuties, most of the characters have
Embmced someone (quite possibly several people), espe:
tially if they've served asa prince forever part of that tne,
Even if all che original players have decided to come along,
detailing the characters' childer and working them into the
hronicle's history will add more of an epic. historical feel to
the game and fully integrate the main characters into the
fabric of your own World of Darkness. It is recommended,
however, that most players do not play the childer of theit
‘own characters, as such an approach tends to reduce the
childer co the sratus of mere minions, at extensions of the
sire, rather chan three-dimensional characters with needs
desires, and plans of their own. Most elders are not so lucky
atstohavea stable of ulum-loyal childer, and having another
player take control af them can be a good way of giving the
elder character the "stubborn, unruly, conniving, ungrateful,
backstabbing litle wretches with atrocious fashion sense?
thar truly make unlite worth living for most elders.

The journey should be handled in short vignettes,
occasional noteworthy encounters, and! questions about the
characters' plans, both for taking care of necessities like
feeding and shelter and fr the long stretches of wating that
characterize long term travel inthis era, Excellent advice for
runninga croas-European journey is available in' Transylvania

Crarmes Four


Salutations, My Kindrad, i

Tihsas been too hiniy since last we sam each other. Thy beil méshes and prayers are, as alas,
with you Althe time of this writing we have arrived in Faris, and weexpect to spend some time here
befare leaving again The atmosphere teere és invigorating, did Foonfess Did the ideas bing
corced fascinating. March ts madeof tse men from the New World, feom America. We have aol yet
wisited sat lind, Urough to boar of ibis as if the aorll is being made aneu there. Hofien feels like
the same could be said fur Paris, nie. Leave karown yous for anany pecs bo be vire ules appreciates
thesubller pleasures of undeath, and many hire have asked abpulyue, having heard much of your
noble character. Haoull be: ou honanand pleasure ta have you here as our guest, if you ware 2p
snclined lo viel and stay for a season at tio, Dee accomodations are triaiuble, bul weyuate iar
needs: Anatole bas been speaking of you atl: great fresuency of lale, arn/ he instil thal Hell you"
thal "the shallering of the temple ix af baad," Though Tknow nothing of which be speaks, Thind
thal it does indeed seem that something, ar, rather, many things, ave changing.

Thope you take us up on our invitation, Te simply dida't have the lime for personal conversation
atyour festival. Anateleand Vbat look faraerd to your arrival, and lasld best aishes far your journey:

Bucita

Chronicles 11: Son of the Dragon, andforthe wikeofbrevity quiet, sid, dilapidated placis. The mighty londsof old have, in

will not be repeated here. The trip will nor be much faster in rhuny pices, been replaced by poor men with little to theit
this eri than in previous (nes (the revolutionary effects of names but a title, a scragaly bit of land and nostalgic pride
the railroad are still decades away). [n general, though, the Manyhave to swallow that pride and marytheirdaughtersoff
Journey will beabitsafer,withfewerhighwaymen,moreand  tO.coarte, wealthy cofrumoners fo estore the family forces
better accommodations such is inns, and roads of slightly The more powerful or wealthy lords have gone to the major
Ihgher quality, 1 also likely that the Kindred will have cities and courts of absohutist kings, to curry favor from the
something of in entourage for protection: mortal and ghoul powerful, and run up mountains of debt with extravagant
retainer, childer, ¢te,,powibly inaddition tothe protection living. Their fiefs are maintained by relatives nd seneschals
of anonymity afforded by traveling among mortal travelers. who are littke more than ylorfied tax collectors.

Other changes will be very noticeable, however. The stark contrasts between the rural world of the
among them will be the growth of ities anc trade, especially medieval nobility and the urban one of the bourgeoisie, and
the further west they 30. Tiny hamlets they remember from the massive changes thar have been wrought in the land-
previous journeys will now be bustling towns; towns will be scape that passes by outside the carriage windows should be
Small cities, and cities willbe packed to the walls with people, jarring. for the characters, who are essentially producto an
people, and more people, Moreover, the ment striking figures earlier time. The Storyteller is encouraged tor emphasize the
fon the streets will no longer be the lords and ladies of the bombastic and seemingly venal nature of the new society,
medievalera, but rather the most powerfulimerchantsjomeof and contrast it sharply with charactery memories, in orderti
‘whom are dressed in finery the kings of old could only have remind the players thar things lke capitalism and urban life,
dreamt of, Although they ape the manner of the nobility in which seem like second nature to ws in the 20th century,
many ways the Bourgootsic have a certain pride and entrepre- would be shocking and discounfiting to theit characters
‘newrial flair that thetr social herters lack; To the eyes of many few lonely castles in states of disrepair, aroyant cloth
fhobles, including elier vampires raised as nobles in their chants, bustling marketplaces booming with the shouts of
‘moral lives, they may appear vulgar, pethaps offensive. The hagglersand the entertainment of traveling performers, anit
wow ofthe usban centers and the middle casscomesarthe _aginglsiroasstoically maintainingtheir dignity can goa long
‘expense of the ruil manom of the old nobility. Castles and way in making an otherwise tedious joumey sequence a
fortresses that anchored medieval weiery re oflttlepractical valuable Storytelling tool for conveying the effects of tiene.
tne in this raven age ofthe cannon, and the fortunes ofthe
leser nobility have waned considerably. Many castles the

cchanacters may have passed or sought refuge at in dhe past,
‘ctles they may remember as stitely and imposing, are now

Scene IL: Crrvor Lionr

‘When everyone is finally in Paris, they are introduced
into the whistwiad of Paristan Kindred society. Those

Tiossnyava Groves
a


lasemibly

AY),

Rue le Sevres
(Red lo Vorsectlles)

expecting che bright lights and broad avenues ofthe mod-
Paris of postcards will bedisappointed. Paris before the
Kevolution is still laid out very much like a medieval city,
anv it infrastructure is inadequate to meet the dernands of
its population, It fs overcrowded, dotted with ramshackle
slums and twisting; rare basic sanination is far in
the future yes of the wealthy plow
through the decrepit city on the way to exclusive fétes and
ilons us the poor scrabble to mike enough money for the
week's supply of bread, the basic staple food. Taverns and
cafes are overflowing swith the boisterous sans-cndotes (the
ten ofthe working clas), and radical republican political
clubs, such as the Jacobins, meet co discuss polities. Court
by Versailles (Louis XVI, ike the Sun

King, foathes Mars), but many of the mast powertul nobles
and moat of the wealthy bourgens maintain residences here.

The ostentatious cats

lifeiscenteredatn

Central to the soeial life here among the elite is the
silon, with which the charactems are familiar: Patrons, gen-
ctally aristocratic women, host intimate gatherings where
men of learning are invited to speak on the issues of the day
as well asdeeper questions ubout natural philosophy and the
order of things. Hee the elite and the itrati ae fee wo earry
on with a certain freedom from the watchful eyes of the pious
king, and hence Pari isa center for all manner of radical
philosophies. Novels and pamphlets that mnge from the
scandalons to the seditious circulate widely, The writings

Central Faris
7

195-99

an
7

and thoughts of people here are read, debated,
fs far away as Moscow, Vienna, and Philadelphis
The nobility, both hereand at Versailles a
‘ous far their indulgent ways. Every vice and lewd be
fmaginable 9 the 18th-century mind — adultery, rape,
gambling, drunkenness, gluttony even bestiality — is
attributed to the decadent upper clases, and thonigh the
stories are in many cases exaggerated, they aren't by uch.
The nobility ts increasingly seen by the laborers and mer
chants alike as useless parasites who contribute noth
consumeeverythingin their idle hedonism, and
many ofthe victims of thei depredaioms are the daughter
and wives of those same commoners mal
better, Indeed, some merabers of the le
the nobles as vampites.... Despite this,
the country — the central power of the monarch and an
elaborate cade of courtly etiquette, coupled with the tyranny
of fashion and gossip. Elaborate styles come and yo, though
they all share a complexity unmatched by almost any orh
time or place. Women's clothes, for example, are nv only
adored with innumerable jewels and held together with
Corsets and lacesof Byzantine complexity
also topped with enormous haiesyles
toincorporate complex disramas,andeven i

as brightly plumed birds

ws but
fet that

things lide

the women ate
wat have been known
such,

Cumfon

a


The Kindred are naturally drawn to this nest of vipers
like maths to flame. The rampant licentiousness and excess

pits the social
to ther; the shiny trinke ily excess and
soumsive numberof feeding cock wrve to distract them from
their own decay and to sate the nceds of the Beast. Here they
donoe rule openly, ot even covertly (controlling the lives of
mortalsisdreadully tedious) rather, they blend in seamlessly
developed a system of rinks, titles, und ceremonial functions
thatserve toarbitratestatusin mimicry ofthe mortals mound
them, though unlike mortals, even the barest minimum of
out — it ts simply « matter of the gratification of vanity,
‘Actual advancement in status here is extremely difficult
The prince hus had centuries to perfect his grasp on powe
ond anany of the most august elders here have wielded
influence since the time of Charlemagne, but competition
among the lower rari for the favor of the elders is interise
ketheless. When overlapped with the equally convoluted
(ieany of whom were noble in life themselves),
the social scene of che Parisian Kindred without cusing
offense is horrendously difficult
and they will need one very quickly, as the moment their
arrival becomes publicly known, they are likely be ina
lated with invitations to a wide array of soctal events. lf
Kindred society. ln dhiscase, the Storyteller sh
carly arrivals sce and give them a few tips,
some af the characters were invited to France, thett
hosts humbly offer to help them navigite the social Land.
scape (qu be Lucita), Those with powerful
sonneeticnsit Ilaclite will be greeted by Noel de
Artois, now assistant to the deputy minister for Elysian ard
ow uf the Chamber, who will certainly have a strong
opinion of the characters. If they mmed Maria Asincida
Tain iy Act Ise fey pitts ot set will be: di
result of his successful endeavor. If they dil not, he will be
ituck with the degracing position he holds because of his
failure, The characters have either a tremendous asset ors
en the name of Gerand de ( ontact. Those
who decided to go on their own initiative will find that such
1 guide appears for thetn
The Storyceller should arrange so char all major parties
assemble in Paris, have meet their guide, and prepare to
‘make their debut in Parisian society on a certain hor July
night in 1789. Ifthe characters have no other guide ond
ngenerilly

have boon supporters of thee Camarills, or sre

Tesoavpa Canc

6


known to have supported oe participated ify the wort
excesues of the Lucita and Anatole pay them
social call andl olfer to introduce chem m high society
(Characrers sruck with a vengeful Artois may alas seek one
theirold friends, but the Storytellershould nor make easy
n wind Lucitaand Anumole ay thiscuse- Addition
+ offernd Artois further, and they will
iteocinl events tosubcesnickers, raised eyebrows, as
Artois hus already told everyone about the lick of social
snices the chametersdisplayed to him. Luciti and Anatole
freee the characters warmly, and the former speaks excit-
‘ally ahout the new movement» in philosophy, asserting the
natural rights and dignity of man and the power of reason
The events of the pst co decades of the American
onies will be elated with great interest, mingles with
‘concer over rumors of Sabbar involvement. Anatole stays
strangely silent dusing the whole conversation
Lucita introduces » Kindred named Reckett to the
charactersasi scholar of Kindred love, whovexpresses interest
inthe tablets the characters found upon meeting Lucita and
Anatole ac the caste in the Tuhura Pass, If the discussion
‘uns to ancient Cainite lore. he explains thar he hs been
coming intaconfticr with hiseonetiaye mentor, the Kinde
historian Aristorlede Laurent, due rahi growingennvietion

tha The Book of Nov. ienelf may be an allegorical tate. He

credits the metal philasobhes with whom he's spoken ta in
the salons with giving him new inspinition and perspective
inthusTegand, teaching him the value of skepticism, ft salsa
possible thar he has heard of the incident with Maria
‘Asuncitn and ifs9, his enthusiasm and that of hiscompan=
fons is tempered with a certain watiness

Vasnpites who ate not interested in polite society are
approached later by Gerand de Chatelle, as ure those who
nancly of Sabha eau openly in the
past. Chatelle attempes to have his gyiea and contnets keep
tun eye on them, until a suitable opporunity to make his
appearance amives such ava time when 2 characteris in a
neutral public venue. He approaches them amiably andl
respectfully, using normal but not overly affectionate words.
He scents ty knew that they are Cainites, and displays
knowledge of their general stature ifnot thespecificsof their
hackyrouret Mthe charartorhoeanonqvioasethe Sabber, he
will attempt to ase # secret sign of mutual recognition the
Sahat has been developing —a subele display of a purple
picceof cloth: He notes that theyarenew in town, andoffers
toshav them around. If they show no interest or inclinatios
whatsoever it dealing with che nobility, he will take chem
tou Paris, in which case you can skip te Scene IV. [f they
reacriveSabbar or strong yenpathsers, rif Rak hasset ap
thei awassination, he will invite thee te hall

Ausee supported the

Tue Graxp Bau

‘The churacters' guide, whoever he or she may be,
invites them to the night's social event, a gala ball held by
prominent countess. (We've yriven her nd specific name

fortwo reasons First, Storytellers are encouraged to make
her up to fit the rext of the coterie's history — an ideal
character, pethaps; has involved herself with the player
characters in the past: Second, tn the precarious world if
hhigh-fiyhion noble soiées, it doess'c matter who jhe ts —
she's sianoly the host for the fete disc, and you erabably
won't remember her tomorrow, anyway, Leaving heranony
mou highlights the ephemeral, transitory nneure of beirig
partof the*in" crowd.) Ifthey have no interest wharsoever
in high society, and ure not active Sabbat. the Si
may wish to skip ahead to Scene LV: Bastille N

The guide will have arranged for oailors, whis work
quickly and ask few questions, 9 wsit the characters in the
previews ssigh
justafter sundownon July 14,1789, the guide send acarraye
around to seh of their temporary haves or hast rest
ddences; which whisks them through the strcets of Paris. The
nights and sounds of Pans bombard them feom every side,
‘evervalter dark, tnd more sensitive Kindnd (hove with high
scores in Auspex, many highly instinetual eharacters), find
‘difficult to concentrate and focus on thinys-as they fly by
suid the huxtle and bustle. Additionally. ther rv under.
‘current of pitation mony the mortal thongs that isieathy
palpable, chough most native Parisian Kindred agrune ic
Men are arguing, mowing, abour, forming groups, though
most of the Kindred they meer sire oblivious to it HE ii
pointed oat co chem, they laugh it off simple foolishness

Thecoterie arrives att Lange mansion on spiclous rounds
just outside Parison the road uo Versailles. Great crown af
exrmwagantly dressed people, with raskeups and priderad
Wiss are being helped out of cariages hy servants wna wafers
‘The characters are escorted quickly inside, to find 9 hone
lavishly decorated, and crowded with people. There is 0
centrathallioom, with nhuugechandelier wwedhead A massive
fireplace provides light, but also casts deep shadows whee
lovers arrange for secret trsts and conspirators ats notes.
Musicians — a pianist, violinist and flautist — and a singer
perform in the commer, as elegant lod nnd Laie dance seth
precision bor of understated rivalry. Staircases sweep up ta
second: floorhalcony, white loud discussion over the natural
state of man is interrupted by laughter over the oceasicnal jet,
ning chimber, mem ploy of whee nou dice, yon
‘Ming, drinking, curving and Laughing over bawdy jokes, the
Inies ther and possi in clusters, waiting foe dhe fatal
rnisstep, the gaffe, tac will enable them ns eat dense a tival
"The house around the main hallroce isa macaive comple of
fnteresinmected room, where the characters pn eepilly Mey
tostumble emis quiet convetsatiogs ora group of noblemen
violating gagged chombermaid The hostess, aatertal cnt
ira makes hee revs ia huge, elabrwate costume hedecad
with wtansom's worth of jewels ard many whispers are heard
{nv her wake. Her oldest grandchildren ute dresed up like
perfect line dolls and standing up seaight, on display for the
ests A huge fez ic being perp in the adjoining ining

fear,

Gama fou

6


hall. "The

werall opulence i» stunning, though there

With theie shay
pees of cate
speculatic

heir attire, as well as
p with dl
ld ideally tun the tables an
sed up for the kill, These
ability to perceive auras also notice quite
back and forth, mingling freely

vat the desirability of
im
feel like prey bei

charac
Dlewed with t
few pale anes dartin

m worlds, with mortal
edges of mortal society, aping
hhabits and heir dress, often drunk on vitae laced with,
noticed and yielding the spoclight to the
mortals. Rarely do tye o¢ «0 ther togeth

ms, and yet they, too,
lealy with faclal ex
The character's utrival stirs upp

theirbrethren, and they will
orthe rest of the night

fons and subele ge
reat deal inerest
apypreached individually or in

The characterspe
inl sills and

lonofthisscene:
ontheir + Th

sntly)

everyone, theunderlying tension, the unending
he vicious social environment make contr
difficult, and the

judged. F
scrutiny,
ling the Be: 3
many Kindred mad, Storytellers are encouray
«that fir the temperaments of the indi

but equally en
found in playing out characters dealt

privacy, there
humane

sation without being able to discuss Catnite affairs,

Tusa Gowen

6


Faux Pas

A particularly powerful bue socially inept character
inadvertently offends a mortal, pethaps stepping on a
nobleman'sfooe while dancing or knockin over sncome's
drink onto a well-bred kil, or with a misspoken word in
mangled French. The outraged moral insults and mocks the
chanicter, prompting uproarious laughter froin nearby men
‘and demure gisgles fom the Indies, Ax the Beast rages, the
Kinuled nenthy ficall their attention on the character. Ashe
deals with the outraged mortal, he must also fight to keep
from losing composure. Any sign of losing his grip in the
slightest to frenzy wil provoke a cisappointed respeme from
the local Kindred, who will then be sects an heard inocking
hien. By contrast, x suitably witty response may allow the
character to regain face not only among moctals hut also
Kindred, This scenario could also be used when dealing with
the other Kindred ut the ball. Note: Storyteller unfair
‘with the grave impact of win gaffes are encouraged to tu
to lireranme and the cinema, ‘The Scaret Pimpeme! and
Dangerous Lctsons (and its parent Valmont) all contain
predatory social settings pethaps far mnote dangerous than
‘any brawl with another Kindtes oe the Inquisition. Pechaps
‘ho movie better illustrates the cataclysmic repercussions of
the inost inconsequential of social blunders — a single
missed dance step! —and the importance of "wit" than the
French film Ridicule, Consider these titles asimportaneto the
Kindred soctal machine is Machiavelli's The Price has Been
to the myriad plots and schemes of the Kindred

Meerno tHe Prince

Prince Francois Villon ht become something of
legen, and the Storyteller should drop his name ¢
stantly when other Cainites mention France. He tsattributed
with no end of bold deeds —a chivalrous warrior from the
time of Charlemagne, # scholar, « patron of the atts and
sciences. He is anger than life, well respected by these who
uphold the Masquerade and the tradicionsof the Camarills,
and feared by those who would oppose it. Indeed, even
those whohavea clueastathe existence of the Masquerade
— mortals — know the name of Monsieur Villon, and he
is revered among the kine as well as the Kindred.

The character's guide may bring them uo a peivace
temas Ic patie maining ter
the Traditions. The doors open to reveal a sitting: oom,
with several Cainitessitting ia silence asone rants. Francols
Villon is pacing and esting nervous glances our the wine
dow. He will nod politely in the characters' direction, but
will not speak to them unless spoken to, und then only in
brief, polite, answers. His attention is focused on other
things (see "Mortal Problems" below). The Chevalier
Elance wa ently as they enter
from position near the hearth. In ewo largechalts eae the
fireplace sit Joachim von Neunann ard Prince: Villon.
Prince Villon issraring offbhinkly,chough asthe characters

we will visibly conn

nusio ibe excised

hes the chatacters

and adjust his posture, and begin to look around the mem
suspiciously. The Storyteller should emphusize his regal
and intensely magnetic appearance (see his description in
Chapter Five). Audric St, Thierry isstanding in the middle
ithe roorn, with his backeto the door, apparently shoutitg
sac von Neumann.

"Preposterous! The Malkavian is no threat! You'te
growing paranoid." Atthis point St. Thierry tums, sces the
chamcters and falls into an abrupt silence as von Neumann
casts him a menacing look. St. Thierry tries to hide his

on underaxmile. "Goxxd evening," hesuys, proceed!
ing te introxtuce himself, the others and the prince last
then moving behind the charactets as they enter th clove
thedoor. "Paris is graced by the presence of personazessuch

Fassume you have

before the prince, in accordance with our ancic
‘uens?" Villon stares at the fist character to ypeak, locking
almost like hungry wolf about tw devout its prey. I he
detects even the slightest hostile intent he will smile
wickedly,ay fdaringthem tochatlengehim, Inany cache
will coll d'Eglantine co have the characters watched, After
the characters present themselves, the assetnbled
will wait in awkward silence until the characte
‘answering questicns politely, with St. Thierry doing most
of che talking. Ifthe question is raised, the mortal upeisiras
will be brushed off a meaningless. If chey are esnectally
dense or graceles d'Eglantine will ike advantage of any
moment of silence to apen the doors politely and stand
waiting foc the characters to leave,

Cenennity ann eran

cis very posible, even likely, that the characters are,
bythispoint; somewhat famcusamongKindred. They have
been present at a numberof pivoral events, some of which
are unlikely co be widely known, though some of thet
(expecially the Convention of Thorns) are a litle more
public pnd etter understoesd, though obviously distorted
hy time and propaganda. One or two Kindred courtiers
approach thero, inprivate,asking if they reallysarewho they
think they are, (They may confuse ewo or more of the
charncrers for comic effect.) Ifthe chameters answer fn the
affirmative, they become, for a moment, the center of
mention of a semall ysoup of Kiruteed, mostly Ventnic,
Finjal and Toreador neonates and younger ancillae, who
pester them with questions. Depending on the character'
"performances" sofar at the festivities, these may be asked
with idle curiosity incense fascination or subtle mockery.
In any case, theit perspective on the characters will he
highly exaggerated, romanticized (for better o for worse),
{nflated, und otherwise distorted. They may know some
frets abou their history, but these will be sixes! im with
highly melodramatic elements and bits of outright fantany.
Iewall al be eavily biased to favor the Camanila perspec
tive on the events in question. Characters who claimed

» dnt became prosperous will be por


tayed as heroic visionaries bringing civilization and en
{ightenmentto the strange landstotheeast, while notorious
Sabbat will be dastandly rygues who steal away with beau
tiful virgins into the night. The courtiers may even attempt
to quote notable speeches of the charactess, or recite
voliloquies that have been ateributed to then.

Keep in mind that the gadfly Kindred, while chey have
been Embniced since the formation of the Camarilla, and
consequently, accept es Ides ss second casure are highly
apolitical, and hence dey will not attempt t© destroy or
cotheraise oppose menihers of divergent sects. Nor will chey
have any fear or trepidation unless the character gets physi-
cally wiolent. (Ie really doesn't ecear 1 test dhat these
seandalous and wicked creatures Uo actually hurr people.)
Rather, since most of them have F een an aetual
member of the dreated flick Hand in the flesh, they are
tore likely, ptrangely, to react positively to a Sabbat sup
potter of somone with 1 "bod repurarion than soancone
{inown for upholding the tmditions passionately, Novorieey
hasa strong appeal, especially for the jaded. Characters who
age both charismatic andl tnfamous almost certainly find
themselves approsches afterward by a seriking neocate ask
ing to be the characters blood save if they would only be
willing t "initiate them into the mysteries of their dark
mastery" (or something exjually melodzamatic)

Ay), remember thar most ofthe Kindreslat the ball have
never seen members of a few clans (primarily Toreador, sore
Ventre snd Beujah) in their ensire untives; though they

certainly have their leas abou what the ocher clans ae like,
and willapply these stenvetypes vigorously to anv Kindred whe
profes imembenhip inthoie clans. Admimtion forthe "prinie
Ive wader" of the ange! is curently in vogue, and any
Giungrel who are known ae such will be created as "noble
ivages" straight out of Rousseau. Theit "simplicity" will be
raked in the most pooroniciny terms possible, and they will
<dicass the chancterin glowing termsin the third person right
infront ofthem, Time, ot the other hand, even seemingly
plessane ones, will be given n wide berth Taunice ae vane
im retfying, beings from 1 poorly uncerstood land who are
sshd to have many horrific and yoreerous perwers: While
politesse and decorum ate a muss, and while the dark srranger
may be intensely fscinstini fe b abo dangerous.
Feepine
Chameters wandering through the maze of intercon-
nected hock roams will often catch the distinctive odor of
blo! in the air. Many of the couples sneaking off to torrid
rendezyoushereate actually Kindredand thei victims; some
of them ware and willing, some not, Feeding is relatively
amy, expecially if done under the auspices of 9 romantic
where has been drinking,
(even sctvants have been sneaking swigs of the good wine
while their masters are drunk), and it will be very dificult ro

vod getting intoxicated ifone feeds extensively here (ad:
snitecly, for cuany of the characters.=)+

Hlaison. However, neatly, eve

None of the Pacis Kindeed hete will ever feed to the poinrol
killing one of the questa. (Servants, however, are another
matter — necidents de happen...) They may also chance
‘upon Kindred couples in the act of sharing blood with each
other, something that has become fashionable am
neonates especially, At least one (locked) room is hosting s
Kindred blood ongy, with vampires feeding on decadent
‘mortal aristocrats who have come to enjoy being vesselsand
cach other. Characters who display the inclination to dosa
may be invited to participate.

Moprtat Proniems
‘The chaneters who ane smart enough to pay attention
will notice that, underneath the public displays, che moeeals
svepyancntly extbly wetied about somedhing, Those listen:
{ng wll hear a loc of convention shout outrageous demands
andthe need for thekingto"mike anexamplect wee nf these
people." If they insjuire further, they will learn that the
fepresenititives of the Third Entace have gathered in rents
court (*A tennis court!"), and have demanded that the
traditional method of voring in the Estates-CGeneral (in which
cach Estare gers n exual say) be replaced with representation
propoenal w the population of the Estare. The apparent
intent js for the commoners to have representation fitting
their numbers "or some other such nonsense." They demand
that the king submit to ruling under a constitution. There nte
sos thu «gh i beaieginy the pron at rhe Basile,
which is frightening ever though it obvious isn' gotta te
come tor» much. The character won't learn much eb, except
for various impractical phansand complains thar Hs Fighiness

has Fer things devesionie 9 fa,

Charente

The debate upstain seem to be the perfect counterpoint
to the deluuchery elsewhere, but the isuies here are being
angued as yet another form of competition for status. If dhe
chamcter: ative with Gemnt de Chatelle, he eventually
gravitates toward the dhcusion, quickly dominating it with
hisquick wit and eloquent nuunners not, any who pase wall
notice him already there, engaged in debare. The ocher
debatets irefimniliarwith him, ashe isthe guestatrmany salons,
indis greeted with mixed reactions. Many women (and men),
rortal nd orherwise. swoon at his charismatic presen.
he eams the respect of many and the resentment of many
more. The deharemovestothe topic of the dignityofMan,and
a noblemian angues, "Virtue isthe product fist of birth, for are
not those who ne bom fo good and just parents seem to be
‘good andl just themselves? Any man can see the virtues of the
father mirrored in the son, and the faults as well

Chatelle counters, "Ah, ‘tis trae thar such things are
seenevery ni—erday. However, mayhesabol eoafow
see much thacangues for che inherent and noble virtue ofall
at theit birth. Such virtue js encenayed! by chose virtuous
rorents who rive their offspring with the lights of uth and
fustice as their auide. [is stufied cut by thowe whovedwell

Trevis Groner

CJ


the darkness of deceit, treachery, and vile superstition and
ignorance. Since reason is obviously beneficial, and bestows
hher bounty on those who seek her, only dhe ignerane would
choene its opposite, Those who are taught Truth st the
cerliest times know her, and seek heraboveal else. Bue hone
ll famine with who are of noble birth

present company excepted af course [laughter from the
padorguests| are often ofno higher vierue than theme eased
among, simple, honest. folk. They chocne to make idols of
deceit and all manners of simulation erious, choughtful
nds, and some objections quickly hushed}, When I visited
thar strange and bold Lind catled America, Law many brave
‘men sho fought and died for the belief that all men were
inherently vutuous and entitled to seek theit happiness. We
hhave much we can lear ftom such simple men. If we ate to
Preserve virtue, my friends, it behooves us to encourage the
ratural and inherent virtue of all men, andtoshine dhe harss
High of truth on those who, regutlles nf Estate, would inake
a false go of deceit."

‘This is applauded, with shouts of "Well spoken, Mon
sieur de Chatelle!" Perceptive characters will notice thae
the wile of the oobleman Chatelle spoke to-stivs him a

note as she passes. Beckett is also seen at the edge of
and he givesChatelte anapprovingnext, Charelle
any chamcters who approach him with a brighe
smile and friendly conversation. Shortly afterward, the
circle divipates, and Chatelle excuses himself, feigning
fewoon, He sks if the characters want 19 accompany him
back to Paris (in which cuse the story moves to Scene IV).
the characterscame with Chatelle in the fest place. he
begins to make the social younds, introducing the characters
to various mortal and Cainite revelers, even bringing them
to the prince (see above), Ac some ping if he trusts che
characters hurbor no sympathy far tyrants (sneanin. this
mind, thac they are supporters of the Subbat or are otherwise
sisidents within the Kindred social order), hie will mutter,
"Poor fools. They invite these of my ito bring the light of
‘ruth into theie lice world, bur they don't realize yer th
what is happening in Puris this very night will be thelr
downfall." Iethey ask him what he means, he will offer to
show them. He makes his farewell, and offers to take the
characters hack ta Paris (leading. of course. to Scene IVY

ANATOLE

Anatole is noe suitably attired for the evening. (His
tmelwor clothes ind tangles hair make him look ti
vagabond among the socialites...) Therefore he lurksarsand
the fringes of the party hidden by his powers of Obfuscate
Many cf the Toreador can see li and wrinkle their noses in
disgust orshiver in fearand tnove away ifhe comes oo near,
His turking presence is disturbing to those who can see btn,
especially to those characters who semember the nightmare
from Scene I. He seems stranger that's possible, since the
{ase time they saw him, and anyone who can senve his aunt
rnocices that his blick veins are gertng disturbingly thick.

even some we:

Latein the evening, heappreachesanyof the chaincters who
cin see him with sudden manic energy. If none of the
chanicters hive sufficient Auspeexs he comes ex of Obti
‘cite at an inopportune moment when the characters ate-0ut
‘af the public eye, pooubly while they're feeding If he s sil
friendly to the character, he grabs them foreably (if 1
resist, he hacks away immediately, but continues speaki
sand says, "My friend the tne inat hand! We must res to
Paris atonce! A child beans a key to revelation, and every
‘moment we delay we risk losing it

Ifthe chinicters are supporters ofthe Sabbat, sometime
before Chatelledeparts he comers one ofthe characters when
sheisalene (thistime, preferably aneswhoeanntsechien) and
takes on amorediretone:"Youshould have listened. warned
You that the young must bow denn before dheir ers. Now,
things have been se¢ into motion that will detroy all that we
know andthe Final Nightsloomevereher. Youll havethe
chance w repent your ways, but be warned — the world will
nor tolerate ourcarrupeion forever aud you willfacea reckon:
ing in the light ofthe fite you unlensh,"

Incithercase, he sudenlypetsa faraway look in
nnd ashe speaks his woice sound strange, like sevorsl voices
overlapping (Perception + Alertness roll with difficulty 8
reveals one of the voices as Octavio's, while the orl can't
bereengnizeil), ‘The temples will be broken. All thats bly
will herent under welcof wnoke and steel willamother the
heart of the land amidst flames sx the peeple cry out in their
labors: and the road will be paves! for the return of." His
prophecy becomes inarticulate mumbling, and he cries out
st look of mixed terror and wonder on bis face. and slumps

fhe is working with the characters, than hopefully,
the character talking to Oxtavio will gather the others
together and bead toward Paris and Scene IV. I he eatno,
Instead, to warn the character to pent, Ie will regain ls
composure and hurry off suddenly, finding Lucits and
Beckett ond retuming by eartiage to Pats.

‘Tue Panty's Oven
I the characters no leave under theit own wil, wih

Anatole or with Challe, the reveley will continue for sever
‘more hours. Almost everyone will be uproatiously drunk and
sever of the yestsane doing things they will be embserased
inbout in the momniing, should they remember. Deconam is
stating to slip: the ribald play i yeting more blatant, etc.
The party will be interrupted by a yong rake with
tipped clothing of exceedingly high quality,
sinashed to a bloody pulp on his face, mad spattered on his
clothes, and pistol a is hand, His at snd wig ne off, atid
he in bald. He ts cursing, sputtering sn shaking with rage
sand bis servants are in bitele berner shape. Guspsate heard it
hisshocking appearance. § he crowd murmurs
tharit'sthe hostess youryest son, He bnishes off artempts
minister to his wounds angrily, The mom is deathly sles.
Francois Villon comes mishing tc the front of the crow.

Gwe for

@


Bantands! Those arrogine
the Bu
Where are His H

moh
armed themsely

mache! me
will put th » their place"
11 drowned out by ang
ton The characters who retain ean practi
ie fear in the wir: Everyone ts shouting, people
rushing back and for parcicular aim. A

The

imewhere iv crying. Everything Is in chac

my orthey may vet return to Paris

daybreak

Scene TV: Bastitie NiGH1

alesced, pre

sy rumwule all nigh
ing. w
represent

Third Estate

Mc
and armed themselves with
uidgels, They
1 in Paris main:
dasmall

11. Characters whe

the
id th
Bastille

paring te sembl
pitehforks

rode wep
moved against th
tained by a light
armory were kept, and
the Bast

Any

ww ea
will be struck immediately with recoznition: le
38 from their deat

rae ho stayed behind will fired Paris wt

reets, and

Moar of the populac

titnors fly wildly. After the &

vikest
Thovw dress reratic fiabiony
reets. St should theow a
set's paths if they ate s
they will not stick arcain

celebration spreads thn
ads of th

he uric
racked in

fow rffians in the chi sted, but
asericusfight.
ot. Characters wl

reets of this night are immersed in the « the

‘most part their pexivities, in a practical sense, ate limited n
Sguring out wh
the storm, Ai

find Kiovred allies,

af that, they ea tale to the tn
4 compatrionsthrowagh Chatell
ve Sabla F

ters who went ro the ball were pe

‘of the current state of affairs, chough they will re
freried pitch. As
andes by jcering creme:
with rocks, impede tts progres
while renching inside

hee

returns to Paris, an whopele it
back and

Ji jewels and other v

and hegin to rock
ahi
ccupants a feeling of helplesnw
into the gutter, the bersespanic

pesd over, The characters sxe artnekeed
rolbeshould be frequent, and
characters can obyicusly handle rampaging mortal

breaking the Masquerade ts dificult Ifs

with
Masauerie, ler chen saccee

Trwervonih Cotcyacts ll

1


willbe angcted laterin Scene V. Other Kindred in the cariaje
nay react differently, Moyt other characters (Lucina, Antole,
Beckett, Chatelle) will benble to keep theie resistance linited
toncts thar don't overtly threaten the Masguerade. They will
etary as quickly as pewsible. Anatole insists on heading to
the Rastlle, while Charelle seeks to ind his fallowers (both
options are described low).

Is very hard, before the 20th-century electronic medin,
to get the facts of an event while ic is happening. Men and
women nin throuch the streets, spreading bits and frasments
cof news, rimorand speculation, No one knows exactly what
ssjgoingonat any time, and some people ore inevitably misled.
"The chaactersare atspecial dtaxlvantnges Fitofall, theriot
started while they (and their Kindred ene) were asleep. s0 it

be some time before they eitch up on the basie facts.
Second, they peobably don't know too many Paeistan morals
nod may well havea language buries. Aca time when people
tne worried bout retaliation from the authorities, pale for-
cigners asking a lot of questions are going to have a lot of
trouble getting cooperation, Mose importantly, they aren't
parr of human society. They don' live, eat, breathe os work
With these peuple, so they are perpetual onlookers. Describe
the scene in such a way that the chasacters are basically
spectator to events they don' filly understand, events that
{ash out, almost eandemly, ro overturn their world (or their
carriage). Although disciplines like Dominate and Presence
sould certainly help, it will be dificult to use then subtly
encegh ro avoid threatening the Maaquerade, and kingsnage
barrier sill apply. Tha who follow Paths of Enlightenment
abo urvettle the crows — they simply "fee!" unauatural and
the erowd grows (pedhaps justifiably) hostile with them.
‘Clever and miele phiyers should be rewarded by letting cheie
character get a reasonably eohetent picture of events

Kindted allies will he hard to come by. Most of the
chanciers know very few, ifany, Kindred in Paris, und west
vf thove ore happily debauching themselves at dhe party,
Other Kindred, including the character' sre or compan
tons. ifthey are in the city. re going towpend the evening
looking for snfe havens

The Bastitee
The Bastille isixcornpellingoption forsalety,and chances
fare thu atleast some of the ehafaete:s head there: As they
teach the fortress, after working their way dhrough aseeming
‘ocean of agitated humanity, i will be lggely deserted like a
storm has blown through the very halls, overruming every:
thing in its path. Furniture is smashed, doors lie hanging on
broker hinges. A few beoxlies lie crumpled in comers, and.
‘Hoodstainsabick the floors and splitter dhe walls in some
poces. A few iohited groups pick through the rooms and
‘chambers, looting, but tor the mest part the action has moves
toother fants — no one wants ro remain atthe seen of the
‘rine. The characters will find litle of value left here, though
the mortals remaining will be relatively friendly and jovin

W they ure in: Anatole's company, he attempts to lead
thet there. If not, the characters will run into him in the
‘sompany of Lucitaand Beckett. Storycellers ono nadvises thu
‘even if the characters are.on bowtie terms with this latter
soup, they will attempt to resolve any disputes without
resorting to violence, thouith they can expect no quater if
they persist in antagonizing them. Otherwise, they will
welcome the charscter' presence. Anatole ison « binge of
earrenzied searching nd will not stop to explain, his
actions. Beckett is ali Corwumed with the thill of the
search, though he clearly follows Anatole's lead in this
LLacita iy the most likely 1 speak extensively with the
cchamerers,chough she simply knowsthat Anatole hasoflate
been tormerited by visiorisof a youry: man imprisoned hete

Finally; Anatole comes upen whit he seeks. Hl
searching and runs his hands along the straw-covered
floorof an empty cell. Astute characters may deduce that
he is using the Level-Three Auspex power, The Spirit's
Touch. Any characters present who atc likewise gifted
may join him, and if s0, depending on the number of
successes they get, describe che following scene to them,
UE not, coll for Anatole (he has a dice pool of
lifficulty 16 7), ot choose a number of successes
wi relare what he knows

One Success: The character gets the overwhelming
imprewion of hunger und cold. of strange your nan in an
unfamiliar place lost in thought. After an interminahly

Jong period, a strange mob bursts thicmgh his door, heer
ing and wailing ina foreign language, and pulls him out of
the room with warm embraces anu luuplter

‘Two Successes: The character isthe young man fioin
their dream. He has been locked away because "they" are
afterhim. After what he'sseen, i not surprising. He iriot
omuideter, however, i's "seit faule Ie did what be di

Three Successes: Viigue haunting m
‘ret passage, a dark crypt. A strange parchment, with Its
haunting words, anda eabler Tie om table. erie from its
slumber! e's wicked hand reaches out to drag him to his
doom! Grab the tablet — run, run!

Four Successes: The passe s at home, caste in the
‘Alps, inthe lowest depths of cellar. The thing in cheep is

romwecwlin visible —lesily Invtuenoid, with Ta, yray ahi,
lying sleeping on an elaborate bier dressed in white mbes,
Five of More Successest ‘The boy leamed the way c0
‘open the passage by spying on Father, ashe made the secret
signs und presed on the sign ofthe square and che compass
carved into the stone. A rbler — carved with the sume
‘cuneiform writing the character has probably seen before
—rexts on a table. The boy takes the tablet and a serap of
parclinent and hides t where noone wil finde, The thing
in the erypr stirs at the boys movements, and it's face ts
‘clearly visible. It is Zelios, the Nosferatu miascer mason,
‘Whunteyer he glean frorn the walls, Antal has a fit of
fhstration, Licita and Beckett restrain him, Attet a long

nories of a se

Guan fox

n


silence, Lucita uyggeststhatthey begin tlookfocthe freed boy
onthe following night, but that they must now find shelter for
theday. Dawn isstill afewhoursaway, bur thechaosinthe-city
will make finding « secure haven relatively dfficulr,
Asthe characters leave, they may.ar Seoryteller'sdisere
tion, notice » figure standing in heavy shadow acts the:
street: Joachim von Neumann. As soon as the chameters

‘notice him he makes 9 quick exit and is lost ithe craw

THe Sannat Fertowsiip

‘Chavellevakes any characters with strong Sabbat symt~
thes, or anyone Rac has asked him to kl, to a place whers
they will be "safe among friends." He leads them through
‘crowd, patting the occasional man on the back, making ile
hun ith dae locas ete, nd inna smu darkened buteber's
shop, ofall places. Once inside. che chanicterssee sides nent
hanging from hooks, As the earcawes swing on the cteakiny
hooks, the bvalies of the bansher nnd his family hanging fron
ineathooks become visible. drained! sand pale with throats
frapengzoyren. Mutile sereams and barking are heard froma the
back mom, where the light of» fire can be seen,

Ifthe character isa tanget of an assassination artempt,
three Sabbac weating the clothes of the sans-culottes are
outside in the crowel, and they enter behind the character,
‘wo carrying harchets and one is carrying sharp wooden
stake. Four more come from the hack room, two bearing
rexl-hotfepliace pokers, and the other two selfing meat
leavers: Chatelle hores his fangs and uses his Level-Two
Presence power, Dread Gace. asheand his fellows tnkeeare

tay out of reach of potentially Lethal elders like the
characcers: Instead, they surround the characters, ciclinig
and worrying them like a pack of doys, attacking from
behind wheneverposibleasothers lure the characters into
Jashingout, chen backingaway. They attempt to cripple or

nobilise the chanictersand comntdiableric upon them,
and the Storyteller may wish to give Chatelle's Sabbat
reasonable chonee to succeed. ln any case, despite 1 prob
able advantage in terms of age and power, the characters
‘night be hard pressed to defeat che Sabbat in such eltcuns:

nces.Ifthey escape, the Sabbat chases them, whooping
tnerrly, snd shouring to passersby tostopthe fleemganstes,
the vile rapists, the spies of the king, or whatever seems
avyroyriate wo the characters image. After atime, they tite
of the chase and stop running, though they will taunt the
characters loudly and pelt them with rotten fruit. (In sa
doing they will inspire mortal onlookers, including some
foul-mouthed chikdren, to do the same.)

Ii, om the other hand, the chircters are prover' or

\llseven Sabbat are in the back 100m,

jred" ure from

meathooks piercing the very bones ot his ankles, which
hhnve healed over aleeady. He is covered with multiple
bums. His shouts lack articulition, ws his tongue has been

rized, and fed to the massive ghoul mastff
the fellowship keeps asa pet.

Chielle leans over and speaks to him, "Low ate yo,
tonight, Claude? Fhope you arene toeforlorn abou msi
the ball, Fear hot, brave thespian, for your lite fiends wall
hejoining yt soon enough. unlesswhue dey vay about the
‘Atmaranth and the soul of its viet true, oF course."
Clute screams and theashes until che fellowship deciles ty
stake him. Chatelle offers the ninate to the character as

vurtesy. thircharacter chow any sig of ropulsion at the

abbat's behavior, this is noted, and everitually the fellow
ship will ery eo make vietim ofthe character in Seete V. If
they actually ey w-stop them, they are treated ae the
attempced asaainarion victim above They iiry uke dhe
Offer, deft to Chatelle or one of the other Sabbat with no
ilLetfect. In any event, someone will diablerize px Clause
unlessthe characters nanage eo incayscitate the entire pack

Afterward, the fellowship will go seeking: blocd ant
‘mayhem amidst the riots robbing aristocrats, (esting with
Abandon, ete. Chatelle will ask the characters to stay sith
thim to hefp him organise more resistance against the nobles,
Hee seas which way the wind + blowing anion; the morale
sand plans on using the chaos to chase the powerful eMers of
Paris and the surrounding ate out of hidkiny: and destroy
them. "Think of t"he raves, "a chance to strike ar the very
heattoftyranny! The arvesisnyof our kind in France; we've
been jatherity in secret for some time. I've ridden through
the countryside, from Bonkeux to Normandy, meeting
seeret covensand cincles of brave, noble Cainites, compan-
lone in oue grout sttugslol We'vw been propering for cna
nights, ane now it is time to strike!" He rants along these
lines whether oF no the characters are listening. Any w
doubt that revelation isin the muking are chided for theie
lick of vision: Character who angue aginst him are warmed
hac the few can never stand against the rightecus fury ot the
‘mimses overcoming tyranny. He reminals thew that no one
‘expected the ragtag American militia ta overcome British
rule. (He ignotes anyone who points out the invaluable
aistanceot the French armies in thatendeavor.) Heappeals
{opast nupport forthe anarch or Sabbat causes, powsthly using
the ehitracters own words at an event Uke Thorn It is
‘holeae that he admires any Subba shanevers greatly au
any resistance or opposition from such characters confuses,
‘hurts possibly angers hima. Should any join hinn, they are
welcomed joyously and Chatelle will begin to make plans
{nchuding them.

This scene ends the "mmedinte" affairs of Act IL

‘Seunt'V: Revolution aN Parti (1789-1793),
The years of the early Revolution and the Terror ste

‘exttemvely turbulent, to sry the ener, and fraught with danger:
denlly, the characters ahould stay in France despite the

dangers the situation poses. A mumberofevents play

‘these yearsthat can keepthem theteandinvolved. However

Tusroavn Coronas il

n


English
Chanms

Manlec
Cooan

Henees |

yn
Yensnillaw Le
Kans

J0Lo-Mays—|- =

ght chronology of events and scenes undoubtedly
would not be apptop

sowhat follows
Aharact

ate for the vast majority of troupes, and

1 of the major plot dhreads and
hooks, intended to be used a the basis for veparate
scenevand incitents designed by individual storyteller with
aspecific troupe in mind, separated by m even yean

wntime. They can be used separately, in pas

ipped. In other words, characters who seck

Zelios' tablet and parc in 1789 may run afoul
of the scourge: those canvassing the countryside for the
Camarilla may find their childer joining the Sabbat. Atl of
these events are occurring simultaneously, and having
plotlines overlap and tangle is actually very appropriate to
the confusion of the time. Nothiog happens ina vacuum
fiendish, resourceful or clever Storytellers are encouraged to
Interweave as many of these subplots as they wish.

SHELTER FROM THE STORM
Although the Kindred
defiantly try to maintain the routines and forms of their
‘existences, the events in the daylit mortal world rock the
very foundations of their society. Beginning slinostimunedi
ately after the fall ofthe Bastille, andl
in the fall of 1789, Paris witnesses first a trickle, th
torrent, of Kindred fleeing the pre
y of the legendtary Prince Villon's court. Soon, be turns

away meny of thise presenting themselves to him a9 the

tis, and elsewhere in France

tora fever pitch

inces for the perceived

Kindred population jrows out af bounds. He shows blatant
sand uniabashes! favoritism in accep Jdecliningpresen:
ations, favoring acquaintances and co-conspirator: over
bothers, elders and those af station over necnates and rabble
Artheheight of thecrisisin the fill, he resurrects the ancient
position of thescourge, chargingd'Eglantine with the duty of
driving away or destroying any unsuitable Kindred seeking
shelter in Paris. With Fi
leans

120% Villon' blessing, the scourge
wore toward summary execution and less to simple
rebuffs, and even leads parties of press ganged v
ighoul thugs through the streets of Paris each night, looking
o "thin out" Paris! Kindred
population. Villon alsa uppeals to the Camarilla for asvis-
tance, und soon receives it: Archons of the sect stalk the
streets ol Parisand the Hrench countryside destroying viola-
tors of the Masquerad

for politically acceptable ways

narch and Sabbat sympathizers, or
inny hapless neonate with no fiends who is unfortunate
enough to be caught ak ight. Vampire
the prince's favor gladly tum over anyone they can to the
scourge's party, and if de Kindred in question
williny ro stand up fork ssuredly be sain
Any characters dwelling in Paris who have offended too
‘many of their kind are in real trouble, though manipulative
utterly ruthless characters may find ways to tum this to
their adv: ipful enough,
«dEglantine approaches ther for assist
snd characters who do so will find tavor with the

n, he will almost

Gam fox


the Camarilla, Alcematively, if they have strong social
standing, they can shelter others, und thereby acquire eons
fr them, though it should be noced chat characters whi
abuse this notion and take in snyone and everyone will
certainly be moved tothe head of the lise of targets

Tey Gorrie Prince?
OF course not.

Think sbour (¢.TE Yow were a fifth-generation
"ainpice with over she centuries beneath your belt,
would you let a bunch of punk-ass upstart commonere
destroy you! Hell; ng, but it might do some end
ler them think shey did:

Vill faked ht own destruction: mposing =
rough self-exile amid the turbulence of the Revalu-
thon, With the aid of ghouls, he escaped Patis tinder
to over of dmute md weathered he seo in loan
and London,

Naturally, the mimernalll AD AV =
the prince had been destroyed! One of, the'most
powerful Kindred of the Camirilla had fallen to the:
mob! Obviously, it wisn't true, bat Villon' thse
servoil two purposes! It threw enemies off his trail
and it reinfotced the\value of the' Masquerade:
D'Eplancine continued his duties as the scourge with
someone's sanction after ill ae

Twenty yeary later) whien Villon rdtumed to
France, he had the'sense to adape te the world the
‘mortals hail rebuilt around him. Génie was the ribald
exceis of the aristo'sunlife— sUrviyal meantblending
ln, and chat he did. Although he was sell i potent
usever, Villon had learned the value of vubtlety, and:
rebuilt his domain under thove tenets.

Hubris had almost proven his downfall, and he

swore if never would again.
renal iece d

This atecmpeto maintain onder falls apart on August 10,
1792, when mobsstorm the Tulleriespalace tobringthe king,
to ustice, In the mad rioting, the Paristownhouse ofa minor
‘noblemun is bum to the ground, and iiss000 learned that
Prince Villon had been usingias hishaven, and is no more.
"The last remnants of order mn the Kandrest workd fall away
from Parts, and it issuckdenly every varnpire for himself Soon,
many people trytoftes France altogether, and say Kinde
try to go with them, But sharp-eyed and parriotic French
citizens are looking out for secretive people with eccentric
habits and aristoceari or foreign mannerisms, trying to flee
the country, a every man and child knows the aniios are
trying to join their émigré cousins and co-conspirators 10
tend the armies of the counter-revoluuon!

Asthe Terror begins, simply securingahaven fortheday
isthe primary vocation of most of France's Kindred, though
a number of them roam the land, smuggling otherwise
Ihelpless vampires our of the country, clashing with the

Sabbat in shadow war fought ourside:the prying eyes of
mortals, or hunting violators of the Masquerade. The char-
actecscan find more han adequate need for thei services, 25
‘wells opporinities increase ther staruswith the Chmailla
and gain boons from those they save. Lucita, Beckett, and
"Anatole eeqage in such activities os they search for Gaon
von Neumann, and they are willing to forget old confice in
all but the most extreme cases and pur the survival of the
Cainite mee and the preservation ofthe Masquerade above
previous squabbles. Francois Villon has secretly declared
himself Prince-in-Exile of Pacis, and from his temporary
havensin Florence and London coordinates artemptato help
potential followers escape. Others ate not so Kind: dhe
archons of the Carurilla are known to destroy Kisulred of
‘questionable loyalty (e.g. anyone thought to be a member of
‘one of the independent clans of those affliated with the
Sabbat, many Brujah, those who make smart-mouthed coxn-
ments, etc.) rather dhan rok their joining the Sabbat or
having some outraged mob inadvertently discover their
aversion to aunlight, Others use the ehace to conceal the
settlinyof old scores. Characters who thernselves take up tis
cciuse will soon find thar morral uthoritiesseek thems well,
partially because they seem to be helping aristocrats excape
the guillonne and partially for other reasons (see below).
"This isan ideal opportunity forthe Storyteller to allow the
characters to participate ina mini-chronicle of dashing
cudlawe anu awadhbucklersin Revolutionary France, aptinat
a background of death, upheaval, and terre,

‘Storytellers ane advised to start bringing ths elesnent i
thestoryinslowly. If tall happensat once, the characters may
beard peessed na find eeaon to stay. Ln che beginning, the
‘vampires try teary on as before, though they notice that the
parties they are attending are more sparsely attended and
listlesseach time. They may bezin to notice mote and more of
their own kind around ther. posibly hy being forced te
compete with another vampire fom the provinces for a
chosen ves, stumbling on an aristocratic Toreador they
recognite from the bal reduced to feeding en a sickly begga,
or necicing an alarming number of peorly concealed bodies
drained of blood. Let it sect like the Revolution is ettling
downoccasionally,whileovertime the instability gmowemoe
and more noticeable, until a sesiin begins after a petied of
several nonths of downeime with the characters running for
their unlves rom archon or the scourge's parties or trying t0
‘scapeaburninytmansion while evadingtle wrath of the mob.
Purthe charactersin situations wheretheycanonly surviveby
betraying others, ot where they may protect themselves only
by allowing fiends, allies or childer to be abandoned or
destroyed. For example, on a night of rioting in Paris,
character may find that her wounded childe comes to her,
beging for shelter. D"Eylantine anda small group of followers
amive jut behind the child, ad explain tht the childe fc
been denied. suncury by the prince and iv required by
tradition toleave Paris Ifthe characterallowsher chile vo be
drivencoutor killed, she will preserve her starus with the prince
(for the moment), though the childe wall mor aesueedly rr
agninstherifhe mevives Ifthe character defies the scourge, be

Tessa Comics i

nm


Le Peude Verse'

Eventually it ievitable.

‘With all the mobs ransacking chatemu, niet nobles
being imprisoned and Sabbat fellowships slaying the
hated oppresors of the Camarill, i's ofly & atten of
time before some mob somewhere notices thactheduke,
‘who always seemed a bit eccentric anyway, though he
always did look really good for his age, spontaneoully
combusts when e to sunlight Lemay noe be longs
under these circumstances, bfote emessitnensl Calnite
‘na frenzy bares teeth and fangs to her opponents and a
crowd af mortals, without heed to the consequences.
Despite the bert efforts of the agents of the princes ond of
the Camuarilla, the Masquerade is, simply not going to
‘hold everywhere. Many ofthese outbreaks are dismisyed
as thesuperstitious ranting of peasants, though reports do
‘persist incoming in. By 1793, asthe Commitreeat Public:
Safety plans to eliminate the Church eotitely and the

i [not come nea Worse time fordefenlet of
Bicone iesof the Durafied walking the Earch
_ fan ene pe beet

Tenor isin full swine, certaisi members (repatis vary as. B

‘o-whiom) had long been receiving:an alarming series of
reports from credible sources akout risblomen burnin to
sh at sunrise as they sit-in their cells awiniting: the
fulllotine, bodies found drained of all their blood, noc-
‘uml bartleshetween ‘creaturesof darkness," nd won.

As they iwerigated Barthes; without revealing thelr
activites even to ther fellow eanunittee tember (ext
they go shad and find, themyelves onthe black); they
discuvered mone'and more evidence thatsoméinong the:
nobility were nor eoly Bigurittvely, hut lietally, suckin
the populace dry. Although enlightened men gach as
themselves would not dream oftorturingthelsfellowinan,
they were left with litle recourse against such foes A few
ofthe creatutes were enptuted anudacot the agit men of
Le Few de Verite (The Fire of Truth), as they called:
themselves, began toplece together areasonableplcture of
thecreaturesand theirnatury, at leayt as they understood
4 themselves. Though no.rexconnble man could cxesit
their stories of Caine and cures and such, many of the
‘motte gullible among the popuilace would

nay try to exile her ss well. Ax the very least; the prince will
be infuriated and rumors about the character's defiance of
tradition will spreadandeontiouetohaunthim, Additionally,
there isno guarantee that the childe will survive exile as the
cagey grain of the Revolution watch the Paris gates carefully
for nables attempting eseape-

By the apex of the Terror in the summer of 1794, the
‘characters should be running ragged, Fearing enemies om all
sides, having trouble keeping out of the sun, much less
fuainicaining the opulence of the pre-Revolutionaty nights.
This should hammer home the lesson that, while the
‘Cainites may fancy themselves masters of thett own destt-

every bit as much
> but they ate unyiling to sueriice thelr

pce ai Dei i ice
albedo Le re "de Vevite Noses some key.

nu oe) antes Ais on yb cet

the'enid.of the Terror, hur sutvives tndergroufi and
reat ig inline Seeing acy
pert

‘approve of the group.
Noddeer and the like) have come into conflict with
them as they have triéd to eraidjcate written records ofthe
ee ite eh

nies, they ate in reality completely dependent on the
mortal world, and upheavals in that world make the seem-
{ingly safe routinesof sleeping and feedingextremely difficult.

Tue Revoturionanies,

‘The Sabbat is gleefully taking advantage of the up:
hheaval wrought by the insurgents. Feeding and finding
shelter & easy if one dosen't mind getting rough with the
‘mortalsor breaking the Masquerade, and not staying in one
place for long. They replace their loses easily with mem.
bersofthe revolutionary populace, and findseveral converts
bby those alienated by the increasingly draconian policies of
the princes und the Camarilla. Moreover, the revolution

Cora fox

w


provides ample opportunities to wage war against the
Camarilla, Many elders made homeless by mohs are
dinblerized by the packs that often follow the revolutiona-
ies like corrion birds. They are even able 10 disguive
themselves.as mortal mobs or scourging purties and raid the
manor houses and chateaux themselves.

For independent characters and vampites loyal to the
‘Camarilla, the Sabbat is another danger jn a world tured
‘upside-down. They will hear rumors of acharismtic Sabbat
leader (Gerard la Chatelle), who has builea vast network of
Sabbat beneath the very nase of che late lamented prince.
Chatelle's Sabbat even now ride the countryside and stalk
theulleys seeking the blood of elders to quench theie thist
for diablerie and revolution. Characters may simply fear
him, or they may hunt him actively, Characters focusing on
other plotlines ean tun into him as a recurring nemesis.
‘They may also find theit own childer joining him, espe-
cially if the characters have mistreated them in any way,
‘This is especially appropriate for any characters who had
extreme conflicts with their own sires in Dark ‘Tides
Rising. However, it is most likely that his ultimate downfall
will come from his own followers, as explained below,

Cainites who joined Call's erase find conditions
as favorable in the early nights, as their opposition finds it
unfavorable. The mortals are doing all the difficult work of
rooting the prey out from their secure little burrows, and it
simply remains for the hunters to mke them down. Opportu-
nities for diablerie abound. However, the revolution ts not
kind co its chikdren. Ideally, the characters will travel with
Les Fils de la Revolucion, Chatelle's fellowship (the term pack
Isconsidered derowatory by nny in thesoenlightened night,
which will follow the characters wherever they lead. Ifthe
characrers choowe to lead, and they lead well, Chatelle will
actively collaborate with them as long as they treat him with
tepect and they wil ave access to his vast network of
followers. In fact, he will sing their praises to the others, help
them overcome any suspicion generated by foreign manner-
sms, ete. and he will never show any signs of betraying them.
Encourage the players to revel in the thrill of the hunt, the
thrill of victory, the intoxication of leadership and power,
Although they should always have a challenge, make things
a little coo easy for them a fist.

‘After a few years as lords ofthe night, by about 1792,
things will get tougher forthem. 1h inconveniences gener"
ated by the mortal upheavals become more serious, the
‘oppesition becomes stiffer and more frequent. Many of the
fellows seem to be disappearing (see Le Feu de la Verte
above). More ofthe new recruitsare Embraced fromardently
republican French revolutionary patriots and sans-culoues,
who take » dim view of anyone dressing or acting in arsto-
cratic or foreign fashions, and are slow wo abandon their
mortal beliels despite Sabbat ideology. More grumbling is
heard that the kills aren't being shared adequately, and that
certain vampires (namely anyone in change) ure acting like
theenemy. Rumorsareciculatingehacthe Sabbatin America
has tured on each other or that the elders of the sect have
betrayed it. Desertion and disobedience becomes cormnicn,

and several attacks will become routs because of lack of
‘coordination. Lt becomes harder and harder to keep conte

Every nection the characters take is scrutinized, and every
possible fault is found and criticized openly. The elders, no
matter how hard they ty, can do nothing right in the eyescf
the Sabbat revolutionaries. Any arremprs to suppress such
stiticism only hastens the inevitable.

By the winter of 1793-94, the Sabbut neonates clamor
for a change of leadership, and look to Chatelle- Chatelle
stows distant from the characters, questioning their juse-
ment, at first privately, and then in front of the entire
‘group. Finally, after a particularly disastrous raid he calls on
them tastep down. If they resist, they arc not challenged to
Monomncy, but become the subjects of a Wild Hunt. They
are hunted ns they themselves have hunted others, and
‘won soon spreads to the other Sabbat in the land. fin the
process, they kill Chatelle, he becomes a martyr to the
cause, a3 Sabbat across France (and possibly elsewhere) will
‘curse the characters' names. If they submit and allow
‘Chatelle to take charge, the situation ealms fora month or
two, and then another challenge arises as-the situation
\Wonens further, Chatelleoffersup the charactersas one last
seapeyont atid de lus ison.

‘The charactersare pursued constantly. The Storyteller
should make it seem like every tavern, every alley, and
‘every barn hosts either a Sabbat pack, a mortal mob, or
vengeful Camatilla atchioos, They should ultimately find
themselves in the same pewsitian as the characters in the
previous section, though they may tke some small delight
if they ever learn that Chatelle himself ix slain by his own
fellowship in early summer,

SPARCHING FOR THE TABLET

Some of the characters may have gone searching for
the young man imprisoned in the Bastille immediately after
Jearningot hisdisappearance. Untortunately, he isnot easy
to find. France is a big place, and he's only one boy. Most
‘of the people who may have seen hit are preoccupied with
having # revolution, and he 1s somewhat unremarkable in
appearance. Georg leaves Paris on foot early in the morning
con July 15, 1789, and works in a variety of menwl tasks im
stubles, taverns, and anny encampments for the next five
years. The Storyteller should feel free w give the characters.
Seores of rare sbeut tha boy'elocationy eral wee ie neest
excuse 10 send them on all sorts of wild goose chases around
France where they can partake in virious ocher Storytelling
‘vignettes, soch as tracking down groups of Sabbat or help
‘ing Cainites escape France. Anatole will also certainly be
looking for him, though it is likely thar he and his compan
ions will cravel separately from the chimeters to avoid
dniwing too much attention and cover more ground,

Joachin von Newmann may he of interest co chev
characters, as they may make the connection between the
crest from their dream and the Cainite in the prince's
audience chamber. If they seek him out, he initially denies
knowing anything about any members of his mortal family
in Paris, though he shows curiosity ivan effort co leatn

Toner Catocs Bt

ia


everything the characters are willing to tell him. Ifpressed,
hie tells them privately that he's heard that Georg has been
said t0 be headed for London in the care of an Italian
physician and hypnotist of the Giovanni family, This ts
complete fabrication, buthe's hoping it will et them out of
the country. In any ease, he marks them for death, and wea
every possible meanshe has to ccomplish that end without
risking direct confrontation, acting as persistent nemesis,

As the Terror draws to its height in the summer of
1794, the tril leads the charactors ts the owner of a wedy
working-class tavern in Paris. The owner (iflieavily bribed,
Dominated or similarly convinced) will reveal in private
that he nearly loot his head ever a young lad, who seemed
;o be anvambecile at first. but shortly bevan speaking bastard

red French, He put the boy to work cleaning, uri the city
warch came in nnd seized him, claiming he was really a
Geman spy and.a relative of Marie Antoinette. It was only
that he was Wgnorant of his crime and able to cough up a
hefty bribe that he survived, but the boy is even now
awaiting execution ar dawn.

The characters have several hours to plan and ex-
‘cute an escupe from a French prison. This shouldn't be
too difficult, but the eventual pursuit will be more imme-
diate und heavy ifthe playersare norsubtle. Moreover, an
agent of Jouchim von Neuimann watches the characters,
and will attempt to steal the boy during the day as the
characters slumber outside Faris. Georg von Neumann,
for his part, once freed, will not undee any circumstances
want to tell them where he's hidden the tablet, and his
insanity makes it difficult to Dominate it out of him
(difficaley 9, ehuce successes, and he will be as evasive ts
possible, giving vague half-answers and playing semantic
games). The characters need to earn his trust, probably
over the course of the long journey, as they dodge the
agent of Joachim you Neumann and of the Committee of
Public Safety. It 1s « harrowing journey out of France by
whichever route they choose, though they will need to get
to Innsbruck, to a cemetery there, Thete, inside a locked
chest under a false floorboard, they find small stack of
parchment anda tablet, which they ean decode with the
translation key from Dark Tides Rising.

The parchment is in Latin, and has been damaged by
water. Mast of irxillegihle thigh 1 fow hire romain,

dbase my exprlénies in that ist ha
Sanctuary so long ago. I fear their
and yet, more, I fear eee ich T
ve helped them. Bindusara spoke of
feat jyhad thar occurs behind che veils
of secrecy, and I wonder howmyown actions
have bern lllucrced by, oc hoPABAY own
kind speak of Nictuku, the minionssaf our
progenitor, and....
v= and all this ignores the revelations of
the tabler. Could they be the-temple of
which he speaks'? Or perhaps...

‘The rablet ixonly asmall fragment, denvely written, and.
pitted with iige. Again, only one large segment is legible,

Eprocue
‘The characters have (hopefully) survived through the
upheaval of the French Revolution, and seen the final nails
deivers into the coffin of the medieval world in which they,
were dragged. While monarchy will be restored in France
and the ideals of the revolution will spread slowly and
unevenly across Europe, the characters will watch mortals
remake the world they live in. They may have prospered or
they may have escaped with their skins barely inract, but
eihier way they have surely muse allies and enemies.
Cainites committed to the cause of the Sabbat will find,
tw their sorrow, that their sect has followed the example of
those in France and "Americaand hasturned uponeach sel
Internecine strife builds as che elders of the Sabbut try to
impove their will upon un increasingly fractured mass.
indred who support the Camarilla will find that as
the sect reonganizes itself in the wake ofthe revolution, it
becomes less the grand coalition originally envisioned. The
Hvory tower becomes more a mask t0 cover the increasing.
dominance of the elders of certain clans, infringing on the
uunlives of neonates and dissidene princes alike
Lines once haty between the two sects become sharper;
those who refed ro cooperate fully with one sector the other
find thei options Lanes. The lure of tonpor may become
stranger asthe work has suddenly become very unfumiliar

Guemt fout

7



Thad a dream, athich was

ta dream

The bright sun was extinguish'd, and the stars

Did we
Rarless, and
Sung bi

der darkling in the eternat space,
ss. an the iy earth
and blackening in the moonless air

Mom came, and went—and eame, and brought no day,
And men forgo their passions in the dread
and all hearts

this ther desolation

Ww

ene chill'd into a selfish prayer for light

And they did lve by watchfires
Lond Byron, "Dark

This chapter details both the primary and secondary
1vteller characters who populate the stage of ll Omens,
od
agraphs of history; this should be more than enough
tive them the spark of untife needed to make them inter:
esting and believable ct . At this point in the
chronicles, few characters need nctual Traits if our troupe
comes to blows or dice-rolling frenzies with more than ane
probably wrong. These
ofightor be bested

st of them contain little more than # name

er two characters, somethis

charactetsarcheretointeract with,

by the players' characters

the Storyteller needs Traits for one of the characters

below, chen she can extrapolate them tosuither chronicle
cortake the information froma siailar ch inanother
White Wolf book, Also; if you don't like something that's
listed here, oF if it doesn't fit with your troupe or their
characters'powerlevel. change itor threw itout Ie'sbetter
toalter or discard something than to in a chronicle just

for the sake of sticking with what's written bere.

Gramm Fat

»


ASSAMITES

Fanig, Fatten Hoty WARRIOR

‘6th Generation Assamite ancionbu, childe of Azif
Nature: Visionary

Demesnor: Judge

Embrace: 4ih-century B.C.

Apparent Age: Eatly 30s

Farig received the Embrace long before the prophet he
briefly but staunchly followed was born. is mortal tribe in,
Mesopotamia worshipped Dagon, and Farig gladly sacri-
ficed the members of other tribes to his vengeful gol. He
gained the notice of an ancient Assamite, who was wore
shipped w a deity by one of those rival tribes, when one of
Fari's raids destroyed several of the Methuselah's most
prized phous. Deciding to turn Fariq toward his own ends,
‘the Assamite had him captured and Embraced. The Assamite
used Fariq against his own tribe, bringing the young vam-
pire fully into his own cult of Baal. Fariq's work did not
substantially change, only for whom he did it; ifonything,
‘is acts of sadism worsened.

Finally, che innocents who had suffered Fariq's horrors
captured him, and visited upon him every torture they
could think of to gain retribution, His limbs were bumed
and tom, and stones crushed his bones to splinters. As he
was tossed ina grave to be buried "alive," Farig tnasayed 0
drive shaftof wood through his own heart, staking himself
10 avoid the agony of a millennium: long, burial

During his sleep, nightmares and visions of his acts
Ihaunted him. He dragged himself from the grave, cone
sumed with shame for whathe had become. When he found
his fellow clanmates, they taught him of Mohammed and
Islam. With a new system of beliefs, Faig fought to regain
his humanity, while joining the ery against another mod-
cern-night rival tribe, one called Chuistianity.

Fariq fought to defeat the Europeans who brought
‘Christianity, but made shady alliances with many western
Kindred, and begun to envision both Muslims and Christians:
working together. When these alliances were uncovered by
Husayn and his other clansmen, Farig was brutally pun-
ished for his close associations with the infidels. They told
thi he haa file Allah nd hie clam

Furious at his clan, Garig refused to actend the Con-
verition of Thoms. Without having received the Tremere's
curse, he was immediately dubbed antimiby, He found
solace only with his other outcast brethren asthe Assamices:
‘turned against chem... until a fellow antitribu mentioned a
‘name Fariq had not heard in over a thousand years.

‘The Baali Ansen used Faris secrets and inner desires
to lead him from the path the Asamite followed, His
religion was a worthless sham, his clan weak and deluded.
Only Baal had given him any sort of comfort, and to thishe
retumed. His earlier monstrosities slowly began co return.

Now he is complete anttrbu. bur ake seereely an eye, ear
sand knife for the Baali

Husavs At Fatin, Destroyer or
Ourcasts

Sth Generation Assamite, chikle of Abaal
Natures frnovator

Demeanor: Fanatic

Bmabeace: 1086

Apparent Age: 20

The son of a wealthy merchant, Hustyn was noticed by
the Assamites while sill relatively young. Although he lived
{in the upper clas, his associations with the common people
quickly taught him the skills of the street. His stealth
fleetnessof hand and quicknessof tongue earned hima place
among the clan of assassins. ghoul, and hisquick learning
anil enthusiaum eared him the Embrace

Husayn rapidly climbed the ranks of his clan, becoming
uoted diplomatanal spokesman forthe Sarscensand, when
appeopriate, forthe Assamites, He networked in Transylvania
for years, spying and roaking contacts in both the mortaland
Kindred worlds. His ultimate goal was to facilitate a Saracen
invasion of the East and the conquest of Viena... a goal
that ultimately collapsed when the Arabs were turned hack
by mortal forces inthe 17th century.

Hosayn has found another dream, however. He hy
‘aken part in the holy war against the antimbu of his clan,
and now hunts for them throughout the Middle East and
Eastern Europe, The new infidels keep him thoroustly
‘occupied, and hisskills of diplomacy still prove useful toclan
Assamite, dealing with the Western pringes of the area.

Baal

Ansen, tHe Devi's Apvocate

Backgrounds Ansen wasbom a low but very promising
‘boble in Eagan: is fuer, oneof the knights whoaccon:
panied Williamthe Conqueror, owned land, posses tithe
and gave hisson all that he could. Ofcourse, this meane that
Ansen, who had just turned 20, was sent in his aging father's
stead when the pope called the First' Crusade, He didn'
believe in the cause, preferring his relatively easy life in
Englond, bur he could nox disobey te call

The Crusade awakened in him something that neither
tue aur ue Church that sent him expected enue thirst tet
violence and plunder, and penchant for sadism, Hisnoble
life had shielded him from such things, and his fist taste of
them in the Holy Land proved far too seductive. He rook
(all advantage of the blanket remission of sins for Crusader,
and killed, plundered and raped with a viciousness that
defied his normally ealin and uncaring visage

During the siege and conquering of Jerwalem (for
‘more information on the conquest of Jerusalem; see The
Book of Storyteller's Scerets), his bloodthirsty setions
caughethe eye fa Baali who was helping torchestrate the
chaos, The Banli's group of infemalists was attempting to
uunleah a demon with help from the heightened emotional
crave of the Crusaders, but Ansen's actions seemed unforced,

‘Teansrevanta Choris i


( Y,

almost as if he were willing, They quickly subdued and
Embrced Ansen into the acct

He awakened ro his new state with a mix of terror and
fascination. Vampirism was beyond his realm of belie
the dei all even further. Howe:
wen their chikle well. Aten

ons led to, and

nie acts of the
quickly saw the pow:
accepted it completely

Hissanity quickly begin to suffer. His sadism waxed and
obsessing over sectets, the unknown names in the workd that
hid the truth from even bir. He was a vampire, with the
powers of desmoris behind him, and yet be knew little more

that the perver

snedadec amerchantand
diplornat over the centun ny his xeevices to many
mortals (and sometimes Kindeed) in Europe, He has gained

lrable ability toplumborher' hidden thoughesand
desitesthrough his Thaumanuryical studies, Ansen uses this
knowledge to indebt and bind others. When he knuws
exactly what someone wantsorhokds secret

Image: Ansen cultivates the image of politeness and
civility. His dress is fine, like that of a well-to-do tinder,
though not enough to be considered flashy or flamboyant.
He keeps his short, dark hair well groomed, but his eyes
deepen with an unnerving, penetrating shadow. His exe
pression remains stoic whether he is speaking toan ancient
friend ot disemboweling a hated enerny

Roleplaying Hints: Facaes always oul those around
You... expecially fades they expect, Ourwandly, you give
them exactly what they want to see, while your eyes vearch
their very souls. Watch, wait and lea, for the time 1s

Haven: Aswith most Baali, Ansen keepsno sethaven,
preterring many safehouses scattered throughout Easter.
urope. When he is not travelling, Ansen has a semi
permanent haven in Deva, underaghouledand subservient
astrologis's shop. Here he helps coordinate and lead the
defense of the Cathedral of Flesh
ence, and those who do tell no
silencing that Ansen and his fellow B
disposal insure total complicity.
Seeretst Anson keeps his true alliance and clan a
closely quarded secret, preferring to pose as a Sabbat ot
Ventre. Asx for knowing secrets, Ansen can know neatly
anything the Storyteller deems necessity ot appropriate
Influences Having worked as a diplomat or trade
partner with most of the nobles of Eastern Europe, Anien
isknown to many rich and powerful Kindred and kine, and
knows something dark or sinister about exch one
Destiny: After destroying thelist Cappadocian, Ansen
continues 10 guard the Cathedral of Flesh, He knows full
well about the demon Kupala, having plucked information
from the characters' minds to fill in what he doesn't know.
He and his sect have not decided what to do with the
Cathedral or with the demon, but Ansen knows tne is
short: how short, even he has no idea, Before long, Kupala
grows bored with Anven and his simplistic Baafi, and
Sonsumes therm outright,
Clan: Baali
Haim
Nature: Conformise
Demeanor: Sadist
Generation: 9th
Apparent Age: 30
Physical: Streneth 2. Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Socialt Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appea
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 1, Empathy 5, Inti
dation 2, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Ride 3, Melee 4
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 4, Linguistics

(Arabic, German, Romanian) 3, Medicine 2, Occule 4,
Policies 4

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Daimonion 5, Fortitude 2, Presence
3, Dark Thaumaturgy 5 (Video Nefas 4, Rego Dolor 3)
Demonic Investments: Flame, Poison
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Resources 4

irtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 1, Courage 4
Mor: fumanity 3
Willpower: 6
Note: Ansen's more esoteric Traits (Demonic Invest-
ments, Dark Thaumaturgy paths) are covered in the Dark
‘Ages Companion.

Know of its exise

The methods of
have at the

nce 4

Curae his


BrRuJAH

Genannne CHATELLE, THE AGITATOR
Background: In Gerard de Chatelle's mortal life, he
knew nothing but the existence of aserf. Born to landless
peasant without a trade, Gerard grew up working x small
plot of fand for the local baroness, Lady Hautmont, Lady
Hautmont resided ina splendid castle several leagues away,
and Gerard never saw het while he was young. He only
knew that hisfatherand mother
w well... shuddered in fear whenever the woman's
ie was mentioned, or when her fearsome men
hed by. The same fear gripped them, but even moreso,
when they all traveled to the town meetings every fort
night. The young Gerard would cawet in the dark comer of
their small cottage until his parents returned from the
meeting, looking tited, shaken and terrified. twas not until
ard became of age that he went toone of the meetings.
sand finally understood

There was ni

way to resist the vile demon thar held
sway over the peasants; Hautmont's mercenaries were ev-

exywhere, and many said even they had the strength of the
devil in them, Every so often Lady Haurmont would force
someone atthe town meetings to drink of her blood, just as
she drank regularly from every one of thers. Gerard did't
trust his neighbors, or even his parents, because he knew
theyhad lost theirsouls. Hetried to keep himselfensconced
from Hautmont's notice, and bad for many years been able
to avoid partaking of the demon's cup,

‘One evening i all changed. Chatelle awoke t0 sounds
of fighting and the smell of burning houses. He rushed
uti in time to see an orgy of vielence surging around
hhim; bodies Mailed madly as flames en
man howls filled the air, and mercenaries leapt upon
bluck-cloaked attackers with maddening speed. Befot
could make sense of it,» man he recognited as Hautmont's
Caprain of the Guard seized him by the back of the neck,
The Captain hauled him Gerard stared
inhorrorat the man's glowing red eyes and dripping far
Then, his memory faded in a sea of cestasy as fangs ripped
through the tender flesh of his chest... until the hunger
overwhelmed him und the Captain's partine woeds
in his ear: "Now, whelp, fight for your mistress

fledgling vampice, Gerard was easily subdued by
the attacking anarchs, and they tramediately recognized
why he had been Embraced. Seeing possible convert, they
allowed hi nd began teaching
him about his existence. At first, he was terrified and
diygasted at che thought of being a vampire, but the mote
his captor spoke to hie. the mare he began toare it as an
opportunity. He had been given incredible power with
which to fight back against the Devil Hautmont — and
others. Itdid noe take long for himn to become afull-ledkged
member of the movement

he

choedd

o recover from his wounds:

mersed in the resistance to authority, boh in kine and
Kindred society. Hecomple
Thoms and was one of the first to id the Spanish La

battles in southem France. He
bring his fights into the open against the new C

lyrejecred the Convention of

aril,

However, the faults with open conflict quickly be

eury of the Sabbat wars

thes. Fighting
arilla k
in their taiding sti

ssades quickly destabilized ans

or the next 200 years,

od of artack: 6

ed his history, altered his appear

of spying and manipulation he could find. He also edu:

cated himself with political and philosophical thought

believing that it would help him better

‘came apparent. After the flist

nowhere; now that the (
uctics, they achieved lite
and areas they sel
became too diff
hegan de

it any role ho
might need to play as a spy. Gerard gradually became dhe
ct mole, a vampire without a paxt, and from thi

e hegan integrating himself into the court life of

ght and build, Gerard still retains

a ahadlow of the callused hands and ha
the peasant he was 20 long ago. F

J, beaten features of
tioning {and occasional Vicissimde) have erased enough of
these signs that he can easily pass for a noble with
makeup. He wears the current in fashio

an ot cutting edge ns the Toren

ng Hints: Speak in osm
d, They definitely don't

allows you to be

little
s. though

onh, cultured votce;
it keeps everyone off-gu
such eloquence

Trassem Goons It

&


hhide among them, and sway them to your cause. Seek out

anyane you think might be sympathetic, and ply therm with

your arguments as subtly as you can. If they accept, the

Sabbat grows stronger. And if not, an this soctety of cut-

throat debauchery, i' easy enough to eliminate them, and

the Sabbat grows stronger, Soon you will be strong
to deal in larger game than simple neonates.

Destinys Gecard de Chatelle becomes a major force in

Revolutionary France, but after helping incite such chaos,

hhe realizes (too lite) that the revolution he thought was

under his sway was really completely beyond his dictates

As the Camarilla gradually retakes France through various

means, Gerard finds himself sharing the fate of so many of

the Revolution's leadets — murderes by his own followers,

The Revolution eots it children,

Clan: Brujab ansitrina

Sie: Marie Guylaine

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1453

Apparent Age: carly 20s

Physical: Srrength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4. Wits ?

‘Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dosige 3, Emputhy 2, fntimni-
dation 2, Subterfuge 4

Skills: Eciquette 5, Firearms 2, Melee 3, Performance 4,
Ride 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, lnvestigation 2, Law 2, Lin
guistics 3, Politics 3

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Fortitude 1, Potence 3, Presence 4,
Procean 2

Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 4, Resources 3, Starus2
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4

Derangements: Gluttony, Hysteria

Willpower: 6

CAPPADOCIANS

Maria Asunci6n, Fate's DAWN

Background: Maria Astin lived asa nun ina small
convent called the Chapel of St. Isabelle in Spain. Boon
into a peasant family with no money or livestock for a
dowry, she went to the convent before she had even
reached puberty. In her mortal life, she knew nothing but
the chaste and proper lfeof anu, and choroughly enjoyed
it. She thusted for religious knowlege, and devoured any
‘ext she could obtain. Faith at first flickered faintly, then
‘ase co life within her as she dedicated herself, hody and
soul, to the service and veneration of the Church,

An influential Cappadocian traveling tn Spain. Loed
‘Camden, noticed her forall these reason when he saw het
returning from work in a nearby village. Her True Faith
{intrigued him, and her religious know le ed him, It
did not take long for him to decide to Embrace her into the
clan of Graverobhers. He did so carefully, however, not
wishing to harm her True Faith or natural intelligence and
cravings with the shock of a sudden, tmexpected
mation. A few late confessionsand Socratic lessons were all
that were needed to get her attention.

Camden met with Maria for many nights before her
Embrace, just outside the groundsof thechapel tastayeler
ofits faith. When she first found our what he was, she was
curious rather than fearful. They debated religion, che
occult, the value of being Kindred and the stare of
vammpite's soul. He offered her eternal life in this worl
she could better prepare herselfand others foreternal
the next. Maria prayed after each af their discussions ax
Lord Camden left and the frst rays of sunlight fll upon the
chapel, asking God for guidance. Finally, after numerous
months of such night meetings, she decided quite calmly
und logically co aecepe his offer

With her newfound powers und in her new state, Matin
set out -as-a fervent missionary throughout countryside,
trying to bring as many new believers a» she could'to the
Church in the chen Moci-cansralled Spain. She gained a
fascination with occult texts religious and otherwise. Death
became a favored subject of her study, as it did with most
Cappadocians, and she learned very quickly the powers of
Mortis. She elected ro stay near the Chapel of St heabelle,
but promised to remain in contact with the local inembery
of the clan is well as her site.

When Cappadocius chose to Embrace thy

fusnily into the clan, Maria was originally one

ranstoe


Cappadocians who supported theirentry. She be
Necromancer» held knowledge that the relig
Cappadocians ould never find. She wanted to "save" th
inawayby bringingthem intotheclan. When the Giovar
traveled through Spain, she met with them, and began
learning thear art of Necromaney to augment her knowl
‘of death and what lay after.
diablerie of Cappadocius took Masia
completely by surprise. Before she or most other
Cappadocians eould react, the Giovanni had declared a
pogrom against them throughout Europe. She was spared
the worst of their hunt since she made her haven int a
d area of Spain, b
Inquisition, formed on the heels of 1
Christian Spaniards, thar would d
Several local tawnsfolk clsimed the chapel harbored de-

The news of th

sec tt proved to he the Spemish
Reconguista by

her the most hana,

ns and witches, and soon her haven was put to the
flames. Her sister died around her in the blaze and ut the
pitchforks of the Inquisitors. In horror, she gathered up
‘what manuscripts ahe could and fled, fi chapel

No eat

+ from Spain.
where she went, all Marta could find was
in. Hersire had been destroyed, and herclanmates
were either hunted down or scared away, The Giavanni
niche seoured Europe for any word of Cappadueians. In the
ng Sabbat wars, she way suspected in every city,
and her claims of being Cairiff and her Trae Faith furthe
augmented the local Cainites' mistrust, She was nor skilled
tn concealment of stealth,

ind someone always seemed to
find out hee true origin. Her unlie for nearly two centuries
was spent on the run from Giovani h nnd the only
thingy she could hold on to were the pile of texts she had
saved from the fite and her undying, fait

Appearance: Maria Asuncion isa thin. lith

her late 20s, She has plain yee alluring beauty about her

Her long black hair is usually worn back in a ponytail, and

her eyes sparkle with the color of emeralds. She no lon
ses va nun, but in dusty brown trave

Roleplaying Hints: You are suspicious and frightens
but beneath itall you know that whatever happens is God's
will. and it will he fne the host. ¥

running out of options: by now

of the w

les trees thos yomane
nn have heard

un with, True Faith, and pay
«hint to that. You also-suspect
(tightly) thac you ate the last of your clan — you used to

lering Cappacdoc

Lerone oF two every decade oF 49, but for the longest

time you have found none
aria guards the secret of her clan affiliation
with het unlife She alo holde a small collection of occult
documents, with several fragments she has just recently
learned how to translate. The implications of these proph
cies horrify her; she knows one refers to the death of the

Secrets:

heer of Eve, and another th

Cappadocian
Sire: Lond
Natur

Demeanor:

‘cnttent

ith
920

Generation
Embrac
Apparent Age

Note: Maria only has one imporeane Trait rating: her True'
Faith of 5. Shecan poscessany other abilities the Storyteller
wants, though it is unlikely physical altercations will con
clude favorably for her.

GANGREL

MrrautHe Hunter,
Background: As
men brive enough to
Transylvi
ered the

wortal, Micru was one of the few
sk traveling through the
nian countryside at night. In thin way he discov
rue masters of his village of Napoca and bis land
se thom from the yo of tho vampyr, he attempted to
slay the Ventre leader Nova Arpad, and drove het into
torpor with thtee arrows to her heart. The Gangrel Arnulf
deal his courage with the Embrace. Mieru quickly
Aruulf
became more damn in det
themselves on different sides
bound to protect Napoca from any invader, fought hisown
sire for control of the land. In desperation, and after his
artempts to band ot rs together Co stop his sire

feet

the East-West canflic
the aid of the Ottoman

Thanseaa Gnas

a


failed, he allied himself with the mortal ruler Vlad Tepes.
Afver fighting under Dracula's banner and leading his sive
his Final Death, Mitru remained in the lmpaler'sservice,

Mitruhassincedegeneratedevermare intothe clutches
of the Beast. Having broken himself over the betrayal of his
sire and his unwilling servitude w Vlad Dracula, Mitrw
seeks nothing so much a just end to che centuries of his
cursed unlife.

Image: Littl has changed of Mitra over the ages: He
4s vney diteer,. choosing not to embellish of mince his
words. Animalistic features have slowly ctept aver hit;
his eyes reflect like w cat's in the darkness, and his hairy
hands curt into permanent claws: He still wears anachro-
nistic leathers and hartles with haw and arrow, shunning
more moder armaments... and is still as fierce and
effective a warrior as ever.

Roleplaying Hints! Dracula isyourmasternow, Youre
suill protecting your land, Transylvania.... You're sitpply
doing it dhrough the most powerful Kindred in the are. If
anyone crosses Dracula, he crowes the land... and yoo. You
‘must not let such a transgression go unpunished. Your true
allegiance doce not lio with Dracula, but eathor with che sire
you lest 10 his own doom. Thus, you attend te) Dracula
reluctantly, always looking for the light of salvation.

Destiny: Mitra is sen forced to split from Prneula as
his master hecomes more eccentric in his alliances nnd
actions. Dracula insures that Mitru docs not survive the
departure, though stories of Mitru's resistance to Dracula's
attacks are still circulated throughout Europe.

Clan: Ganyret

Sire: Arnulf

‘Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Defender

Generation: Teh

Embrace: 1190

Apparent Age: eatly 20s, when distinctly visible
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 6
Socials Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits +

Talents: Acting, Alertness 4, Athletics 4, Beawl 4, Dodge
4

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Archery 4, Melee 5, Stealth 4,
Sucvrval 3

Knowledges: Investigati
Disciplines
3, Protean 5
Background: Herd 3, Influence 2, Retainets 3, Stas 3
Vietues: Conscience 1, Self Control 2, Courage S
Morality: Humanity 3

Willpower: 8

2, Linguistics 2, Occult 3
Animalisn3, Celerity 3, Fortitude 4, Potence

‘Tineriu, SABBAT MesseNcen AND Spy
10th Generation, childe of Harnuth

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Loner

Embrace Date: 1190

Apparent Ager catly 20s

Originally a Gangrel of some nore in Transylvania,
Tibetiu possessed one of the most extensive networks of
contacts throughout Easter Europe. Though under the
bled onl iy Count Radu, Tiberi sil layed secrets and
news to his clanmates and former allies as he rode thtough
the Carpathians inhhis couch, driven by Vicissitude-sculpted
and blood-bound steeds. Notall ofthose he associated with
‘yet allics of hip Teimisce master, but ke seemed Usat ot
even Radu's blood could break him completely, When
Radu discovered this, he corrected his mistake in ways thar
‘would break his Gangrel thrall.

Tiberiu still rides through the countryside with his
demonic horses, bit where his fice wasonce merely scarred,
icnow twists inhumanly, His limbs no longer move quite as
they should, and his spine curves and bends awkwacdly,
Radu's lesson in obedience worked; what Tibertu sees and
learns is now only for his master. When Radu lefe
‘Transylvania as the Sabtat wars reached a fevered height,
he bade Tiberiu stay to keep an eye on his homeland, To
this night, Tibertu obeys without question,

GIOVANNI

AmBnOOINO GIOVANNI
Fifth Generation, childe of Constancia
Nature: Conniver
Demieanor: Celebrant
Embrace: 1045
Apparent Age: mid-30s
Embraced during the Cappadocian debate of the

Giovanni polemic, Ambrogino's transition to vampirism
left a bad taste in the mouths of many Kindred. Seen 3s'8
traitor by many Giovanni and an unpredictable megaloma-

ac by the Cappadocians, Ambrogino was damned if he
did or didn't. Ultimately, he cast his lot in with the
‘Giovanni, who seemed the most likely candidates to sur-
vive the inevitable clash. Naturally, this proved to be the
case, and Ambrogino made himself an invaluable ally of
Augustus Giovanni, both through his powers of Necro
tmancy andhisdevotion rohimself, which he alwaysmanaged
to disguise as che clan's best interest. Ambrogino i an
intense Kindred, lending himself wholeheartedly to his
cause. He has severed his own hand and replaced it with »
powerful necromantic artifact —and he's not above taking
‘other dire steps if he beliewes the effort warrants it.


Dox Prerno Giovanni

life because his middling talents did not shine forth until
the Venetian merchant had nearly reached 50. He truly
wanted (© study Necromancy but never showed any real
Killin it, He also never learned of the true nature of the
amily elders" until his businesssavy tookoff, On the cusp
‘of being relegated to the stacus of a merchant who never
rose above mediocrity, Pietro made several well-placed
investments and trading deals in
from tuck as skill. His gambling on several trade routes
traveling from the Middle East through Eastern Europe
paid off handsomely, to everyone in the family's surprise. It
was ust enough co gain the notice ofthe Kindred members
of the family

At first he was extended the Proxy Kiss 0 he could
more accurately be studied by the Giovannt Kindred
Whether it was from the mystical qualities of the Cainite
blood he imbibed or a simple opening of his mind to the
possibilities of he supernatural, Pietro' interest and abilicy
in Necromancy piqued. His economic succestes continued,

level anbefore. Both of these factows,
his business knowledge and his occult interest, convinced
the Giovanni to fully Embrace Pietro.

Pietro handled a great deal of the family trade through
Eastern Europe, and ap Giovinn interest rose in the region.
he was the natural choice to handle Hungary and
Transylvania when the Giovanni became a clan in 1444
The hionorary don was added to his name, and he relocated
to Budapest. Although he mainly spent time in business
affairs, he also kept an eye on the local Tremere and
Trimisce, and also on the Sabbat wats in the region.

Doa Pictronever held avery high rank in the

wtetn Europe was never expecially h
than being a waypoint for goods from the Middle and Far
spoods that could just as easily be obtained by water
His cooling business success and disinterest in the
ae games with the other clans gradually earned him
lisfavorof his elders. Rather than bothering to remove
him from his post, however, they found it much mo
economical just to leave him there and forget about hie.
Until the fabled last Cappalocian, the ms
with phenomenal Faith, appeared in his region.

Image: Don Pietro Giovanni is balding and portly,
despite the gauntness usually brought by the Embrace. His
pale. white skin is pockmarked with scars from childhood
disease, deformities accented by a distinct, but not dicectly
identifiable, oddity of his features brought by the close
familial relations of his parents. He wears the latest in
Italian finery, with every frill, cenamentation and embel
lishment possible. His chubby fingers drip with gold rings;
necklaces adorn his neck and earrings dangle from his eats

Roleplaying Hines: You fully know your shortcomings,
‘Your post is largely unimportant, and you have litt tooffer

the farnily anymore. But by God, you are a don, and you will
act like one! Who cares if some upstart has more skill or
knowledge than you, or will some night be abov
now, you ure his don, and you'll make sure he knows it. And
now that the last Cappadocian fuss shown up in. your
territory, you might be able to ride this Graverobber to a
still higher position in the family,

Secrets: Don Pictm knowsalmosteverythinge:
thar happens in Hungary and Transylvania but

le beyond that. He can discover which Cait
control of trade
nothing oftheir p

Haven: A very

Influence: Don

wes oF natural resources,

tical suitus or territor
Ahly decotated manse in Budapest.
fiect nearly any economic
or trade situation in Eastem Europe. The only thing that
his massive influence is his inability to fully
eoften makes mi

and wastes the powet he could wield,

Destiny: Pietro's one and only claim to fame was the
last Cappasiocian's presence in his region of control. Pietro

tion, and fades is
the revolutions and tumult in Eastern Europe, he falls in
disfavor with the clan, and disappears mysteriously durin

rl, never to be seen again,

Embrace: 1043
Apparent Age: late 50s

‘Trawsrunna Crocus it

%


Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 1, Stamina $

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2. Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 1, nti
dation 3, Subterfuge 1

Skilla: Melee 2. Ride ?

Knowledgess Academics 2, Investigation 1, Law 2, Lin
guistics 3, Occult 2, Politics 1, Seneschal 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1, Necro
nancy 4. Potence 1, Prescoce 1

‘Necromantic Paths: Sepulchre Path 4, Bone Path 1
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Influence 4, Resources 5, Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 4

Derangements: Fugue

Willpower: 7

LasomBRA

Lucrra
Seventh Generation, childe of Ambrosio Luss Mongada
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Defender
Embrace: 1190
Apparent Age: early 20s

A rebellious apiriceven in her mortal daysin the courts
of Aragon, Lucita's forced embrace by Ambrosio Luis
Mongada did not quell her desire for freedom. When her
clan destroyed its own Antideluvian, she ched her identi.
fication with the Lasombra, becoming an archon for the
new Camarilla. Then, as the anarch revolts wound to a
cloveand dhe Sabbat wats erupted she actively andstaunchly
became antieribes

Lucita isa warrior in every sense of the word, a master
of all forms of martialry, espionage and even diplomacy.
Although she supports the Camarilla and opposes the
Sabha, her tre loyalties he with nelthersect. She isone of
the few Kindred who ean see the darkness that is coming,
and knows the prophecies thar herald st, Because of this,
she lends her aid to the Malkavian Anatole and the
<oigmetic Beckett sho both seein to have keen insights
into mystical sectets of Gehenna. Although Anatole's
appetites — and penchant for diablerie — worry her, she
sees in him one of the only hopes for surviving the future

MALHAVIAN

Beenert
Seventh Generation, reputed childe of Aristotlede Laurent
Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Julie
Embrace: unknown
Apparent Age: late 20s/ early 30s

An aura of mystery surrounds the vampire known as
Beckett. Those who know him have heard him claim thit
he is the childe of noted Malkavian scholar Aristotle de
Laurent, but Kindred with whom he is close suspect chat
Becketts relationship with de Laurent is more like that of 2
mentorand protégé, as Beckert betrays no characteristics of
the Malkavian clan, Indeed. many suspect that Aristotle de
Laurent does not belong to the Malkavian clan, but ther
something else entirely,

‘Whatever the case, Becketcsurpasseseven Anatole and
{Lncisa in his fervent search for hiatoeical documentarion of
the "Kindred condition," He has caused recent upristr
limon the vampire society with his claims that The Book of
Nod is nora journal, but is, in fact, an allegory or fable

‘An itinerant wanderet, Beckett rarely stays in one
place for too long before his wanderlust and thisst for
Knowledge command him to move on. His ermine passion
liesin unraveling the secretsof Cainite history, and Beckett
thas demonstrated that he will go to ullmost any length to
obiain an answer,

Ocravio, HERALD OF THe DEMON
Sixth Generation, childe of Marcus
Nature: Prophet
Demeanor: Prophet
Embrace: 134
Apparent Ager easly 30:

etavio sees with the eyes of the demon Kupala.
Embraced in the nights of Rome, he has through time been
fused with the taint of the demon buried in Teansylvania's
soil. Although he believes he fights against Kupala, and
tells the eight signs of Gehenna he sees to everyone he
thinks can stop it, he has recently discovered that, in his
petiods of lunacy, he often commits acts that actuilly
strengthen the demon. He cannes understand his purpose
he does not comprehend whar he sees, and he eaninot

velf. Despite his drive and his will, he knows he

‘Ocanvio now searches for someone to jive his divine
vision to, letting the poison it brings suffer a Final Death
with him and passing his mantle untainted 1 another
herald. Far and long he has hunced, and now be finally has
found the one who can receive his gift: the Malkaivian Holy
Harbinger, Anatole. Once Octavio fulfills his lant duties,
Anatole will carry his vistonsto prevent the Final Nights

‘or perish trying,


Axatote, HoLy HAnpincen
nth Ge

Natus

Demeanor: Penitent

E 193

Apparent Axe: 20
Anatole has always s

eration, Childe of Pierre lImbecile

Defender
brace

mn visions, but until now they
have made no sense to him. He knew they were divinely
inspired messages from God
pgels. The vis
we him powers akin
to Trac Faith, with the abil Enter
ity to repel other Kindred i

and his
andsee through Cain
He

ens id the vision os que
and messages without ques
rion, even though they vexed

him. He could see no under:

and if
lying meaning, nooverriding
purpose in any of them.
When they commanded him
erie, he did
now many Cainites mis-
trust him, and he still does
know why he brought
those Ki
Death. He gendually began
w believe thar the visions
1m God, but from ti
a they really came he

whe
'
couldn't imagine. Accompa

nied by the Lasombra warrior
4 his entourage of

nastic ghoul pilgr
Anatole hunted for the key
thatwould make sense of the
images he saw, and find who

» th

found im. Oct

fy the key
himself pleaded for Anat
at both their visions could com

lerize
him, telling him ine to,
emnne in full Seaperotely wanted

see. Anatole readily agreed, and diablerized his fellow

Malkavian. Inone ell swoop, everythingbecame clear... at
feast, as clearas it could ever be for a Malkivvian, He could
et expla

it to anyone else, in any terms they would
understand, but he knew
Anatole now has a mission, He se: gns, and
understands them as Octavio never could, Joined by Luciea

the Kindred who Anucole is convinced.
will find che true answers to the fabled Book of Nod —he

anid now Beckett

ny things. He searches for the remaining signe
of Gchenna, to stopor alter them before they happen, Only

ALTERNATE ReSOL

Transylvania Chronicles

th

The Transylvania Chennie

a wearce few fts, he does not

know if he

lon, chile of Hannibal
Architect
wert Innovator

020

Embrace: 1020
Apparent Age: Eatly 30s

may wish The Nosferaru Zelios is
nearly legendary
ha Transylvania. Many
castles
tectural works in Exstern
Europe (and even North Af
rica) were designed. if not
supervised, byt
is a prized posse
Cainites with Kindred need
in mind, Zelios conseructs
marvels

af ch
other majorarchi

master ma
‘one of them
il. This wi

well

of architecture, com
plete with secret +
hat vampitesfind invaluable

Architecture and the
metaphysical study of struc:
tite have become the
Nosféraru's obsession. He
travels to influence arch

cectural works, turning
nedincte edifices in
pressive onesand impre;
‘ones into marvels, and
learn. He has studied eve
of design, and know
the properties of every build
y. Transylvania is covered by a
nctwork of castles in Zelios' design, each haven couched

In the he has discovered that his
as well — something

ates have proper

designs incorpora
bhe hadn't intended. The pattems he cre
inbols, und of Eastom fer
promote the unobstructed flow of power, but are

time different from these. His ally i
nexuses of the ley ls a, reinforcing

ical web with their geomantie design:

ties of w wa rituals
thesan

at the
crossing Transyvas

Zelioshas scoured the globe trying tc
intuitively
Set, with whom heh

lecipher whathe
nes iy his designs, Ni
made several yet

Toren Conon il

88


knowledge 10 completely reveal what he does. Unbe-
knowrst to him, however, his actions are subtly dictated by
aNosferaru Methuselah, whose sleeping presence influences
‘every work of architecture Zelios makes. Try as he might,
Zelios has yet to discover this, and continues to search for
the meaning behind his subconscious designs. He knows
‘thar the demon Kupala lies bound by his magic, but he has
Vet to comprehend the greater effect beyond this,

TOREADOR

FRANCOIS VILLON, PRINCE OF PARIS,
Fifth Generation, childe of Helena

Nature: Bravo

Demeanor: Gallant

Embrace: 1250

Apparent Age: late 305

Although his tiameliu changed several times through
our his long unlife, Francois Villon has rarely changed how
hebelieves or operates Embraced centutiesafterthe collapse
of the Roman Empire, Villon learned many valuable les-
son. from his sire, not the least of which was the kenefit of
constructing a legendary past. Villon also leamed strong
nile, nd the necessity of strict order co bring prosperity.

‘To that end, Francois Villon has carefully ceafted
Titany of contradictory origins, Clauaing any number of
heroic (and inverifiable) deeds as his own, Villon elevated
hhimvelf above the rank and file of the Kindred, leaving
bbchind those with noambition or vision. Whether the tale
involves slaying the Dragon at the side of St. George,
‘crossing the Alps with Hannibal or wacching Christ tur
water to wine, Villon claims to have been there.

Villon is not, however, a pointlessly vain Kindred.
Indeed, while many Kindred would have rested on the
laurels established by their fictitious pasts, Villon used the
power of his legend to nmass power. So effective wos he at
‘turning others to his cause, he is considered the preeminent
prince among the Cumurilla to this very night. Villon
actual power, however, pales in comparison to his perceived
power, nd thus, his influence, He knows that a vampire
can never truly "control"an aspect of mortal life, but he has
tno aualms about appearing as if he does. Thus, Francois
Villon is a master of the game, able to outmaneuver an
opponent many times his (actual) age-or wealth.

And so, Francois Villon's eye fell on Paris, the natural
home for those gifted in the art of social mattialry. He
entered the city atthe end of the 16th century and
diately set about securing his dominant position, claiming
Paris ashis exclusive domaain through a series of cunning
expnsesand courtly scandals. No Kindred had the ability or
will to oppose him, and Francois soon bectme prince of
Paris, wresting the position from one whom modern nights
have unsurprisingly failed to cemember

(Over time, his vision has altered. He is the mbox
ment of modem France. His strict control keeps every
Kindred in tine, and no younger Cainite can undertake a
noteworthy event without his knowledge and blessing.
Every vampire' herd in Parisis considered his.as wel, and
every boon or blessing is partly owned by him, However, his
regime of primogen has become parasites, Ieeching tt
human society and the lower ranks of Kindred and occupy
ing its time with meaningless: politicking and acts of
debauchery. Francois has become blind to the underlying
anger this breeds; he sees the strong ruling, tnd bis lead
ship bringing order and structure to society. He can find no
reason to change it, not even when the French Revolution
explodes for Kindred and kine alike
He will no make the same mistake twice

Nort pe Antors
Ninth Generation, childe of Sevncor
Nature: Innovator
Demeanor: Autocrat
Embraces 1436
Apparent Age: 205
In an age when nearly all men of importance, whether
children of Caine or Seth, have utles, Noelde Artois tthe of
assistant tothe deputy minister for Elysium and fellowf the
chamber is a mocking tag that does hirw little good. En
braced by an influential Toreador of Paris, Noe! initially
found himself launched into the highest levels of the Kin-
dlred in France. He was even dispatches as» representative
w Transylvania to try to acquire the last Cappadoxian forthe
Sun King's court. With his small sarure, his young face, and
his innocent visige, everyone thought he could convince
even the mart stalwart Kindred vo accept his offers
However, this one and only failure cursed hin forthe
test of his unlife. Regoniless of whether the characters
turned over custody of Maria Asuncidn tohimor nor, inthe
final analysis he came back empty-handed vo « court that
gaive him nothing but humiliation for his failure (exacer-
bated if the characters managed to keep whatever Noel
offered them... he lostouteven more, in chat case), Hissire
alo disappeared mysteriously during his travels, leaving
him with noone todefend or protecthisn. Lesiwone of the
mont (in)famous figures in vampire history was quite a
burden for one person to bear, and Noel had the responsi
bility heaped solely on bis small shoulders by the merciless
harpies. Over a century later, the stigma still hangs with
hhim, and he holds his ludicrous titles.

CHevaLier p'BGL ANTING, THE SHERIFE
Seventh Generation, childe of Bernard

‘Nature: Gallant

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: 1454

Apparent Age: carly 30s

Gwe hie


(Chevalier d Eglantine isthe quintessential Toreador.
and che quintessential sheriff: When observed, he holds
himself with as much regal bearing as any other member of
the prince's court, and if anyone challenges the establish-
iment or breaks the order, his sword flies with the fury of 1
hardened soldier

D'Eglantine '¥ art; learned frowt the finest Toledan
\weaponsniths,tsthe crafting of bladed weapons. Hisswords
sre works of art, deadly in both theie beauty and accuracy,
tn the srreetsof Paris, more than one neonate has mee Final
Death standing stupully with his enthralled eyes fixed on
the gorgeous blade that severs his head from his neck.
D'Eelantine is as skilled with his weapons use as he is it
their construction, ax well, and he seldom hesitates to
demonstrare this. His loyalty és beyond reproach; many
whisper that he is secretly the cheal of the prince with his
nearly blind devotion. Francois Villon decrees, and
A'Eglantine executes without question

Aupnic $1. THIERRY, MASTER oF THe GAME
Eighth Generation, childe of Versancia
Nature: Architect
Demeatior: Celebrant
Embrace: 1221
Apparcat Age: eatly 40s

Audric's public fagade of joyous flamboyance and
aitected foppishness fools most, but not all, of the Kindred
of France: In public; he playsthe role of harpy perfectly, and
though this yains him status in the eves of the other

9, italso eemoves him from their suspicion. Can he

‘critique other vampires? Indubitably. Does he act well in
public? Impeceably, Can he play the political game? Well,
Tee's not posh se

But this (s exactly what Adric St. Thietry does. A
fierce political rival ofthe Ventrue Joachim von Neumann
(though both keep their shadowy feuds quietly our of the
publiceye), Audeic isane of the financtal powers in France.
He fas interests that delve in to every aspect of the French
overtiment and economy, and he conducts commerce
through somany (and such wel placed) intermediaries that
few can tmice hig actions back to him. ln the teantime, he

plays his pare in public ashe privately watches the courts for
his next targets... o¢ partners

TReMERE

Cras Drescnen, tHe Agent

Eighth Generation, childe of Atdan of Golden Lane
Nature: Fanatic

Demeanoe: Traditionalist

Embrace: 1170

Apparent Ages Early 405

Clas' experiences encompass dezens of subjects, and
in the ime of the wars against the Trimisce and Sabbar. he

has become one ofthe mot invaluable Tremere esiding in
‘Ceoris, He hns worked as a spy, masqueraded as a Vertrue,
and hava powerful knowledge ofthe oceult, knows numerous
Jnnguages. He has connections with Germany and the
Jewish community... virtually everything thatthe Tremere
‘could possibly need in someone working in so many impor
tant areas for the elan,

Hiscurrentdutiesencompassseveral momentous ron,
In mortal society, Claas participates in mumerous dip
matic dealings between Hungary, Transylvania, and the
Holy Roman Empite, employing his numerous contacts in
the tegion of Germany. In Kindred society, he not only
keeps track of the whereabouts of the known Tsimisee in
‘Transylvania and helps conduct any attacks on them (and
through this, he manages to acquire Dracula's sword from
its legendary owner), buthe also holds careful vigil for any
news of the renegade Tremere Goratrix. He has many
suspicions of Goratrix' whereabouts, and even the aneitnbu
who are helping him, but 1 far he has been forbicklen (0
interfere by Etriusin Vienna. Heneedsonly cobisten, watch
sand record. This has confused him in the past, but he obeys
Vienna without question. Besides, he has been receiving a
{great deal of information about Goratrix and his brood from
aan unnamed informant, information that could convince
Vienna to move on the rebel Tremere...

Tzimisce

SASCHA V¥Kos, THE CHAMELEON
Seventh Generation, childe of Symeon
‘Natures Mouser

Demeanor: Architect

Embraces 1002

Apparent Age: mid 20s

Few elements of the "original" Myca are gone in her
latest incarnation. Gradually sculpting her body over time,
both outof vanity and necessity (the Tremere consider her
one of their deadliest enemies), Sascha has changed more
than just her appearance, She looks almost androgynous
with her thin, smooch body and inhumanly graceful move:
ments. Her face is impossibly beautiful, withour a single
deformity or asymmetry. and she eneender hist equally in
both sexes with her almost iresistible aura. She isasdeadly
as she is ravishing; even in battle, her movements andl
attacks are erotically smooth and flawless, just likean angel
of death.

Sascha lias become an important leader in the Sabb
first in Transylvania and then in Europe. She still harbors
‘an ancient animosity. however; she refused to accept
Goratrix, her historic foe, tnte the fold of the Sablsit evsrs
as her comrades did. However, she has found a way to kill
two birds with one stone: Goratrix and the curied Tremere
both hate cach other, and she can use that to destray both
of them. By covertly feeding information about Goratsix

Tossnvoin Casas

0


and his followers to the Tremete in Vienna and
‘Transylvania, Sascha is convinced that the clan will soon
attack the group of anuimbu. Goratrix' powers rival that of
‘Tremere, and Sascha can see only bloodshed and severe loss
for both sides. Little does she know how the Tremere will
really se the information she provides... and how they will
tend the renegade problem in the eenturies ro come.

Vian Tepes, DRacuta

Fifth Generation, childe of Lambach

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Tyra

Embrace: 1495

Apparent Ages mid 30s (although he was actually 43. the
me of his Embrace, Cainite vitae sustained youthful

appearance)

Dracula goes through many changes thoughout the
Sabbat ware, still centuries before his name becomes house-
hholdand his legend sweepsthrough popularmorralliteranure:
Although nominally allied with the Camanilla during the
wars, he grew disenchanted with their strict regime and
draconian tactics. He soon will becone a powerful member

of che Sabbat, then will tire of chat sect as well and will
remove himself from Kindred politics (at least, the open
politics) by hecoming Inconnu, Some say he isan enlight-

«ened vampire seeking Golconda; others say thatisallazuse,
and he is truly as evil. asthe popular anyehs claim

For more informarion on Dracula, see the Vampire
supplements Children of the Inquisition (available for free
download ar the White Wolf website), ‘Transylvania

‘Chronicles II: Son of the Dragon and Children of the Night.
VENTRUE

Ro.ann
Tenth Generation, childe of Octo
Nature: Deviant
Demeanor: Gallant
Embrace: 1103
Apparent Age: late 205
Roland once devotedly served the Ventrue of
Tmncylvanin. Originally a gift oma Satine, Boland pos
sessed ample abilities both to spy on rivals and to procure
virtually any type of mortal to satiate the jaded Kindred
Bulscu's ravenous thirsts, The Holy Roman Ventrue who
(truly commanded his allegiance used him to keep an eye on.
Bulscu. Roland was toy at every level to his clan.
During the chaos of the anarch revolt, Roland was
captured, He never learned the names of his antitibu
captor, but they forced hum to divulge everything he
knew about Bulscu, the Holy Roman Ventrue, and the
other elders in the area. He was discarded as soon ax his
torture wnsover. (They didn't even diablerize hirn! Wasn't

that what the anarchs did to their prisoners?) When he
heard of Balscu's self-induced torpor, he was sure that it
asa result of his information. The Holy Roman Ventrue
agreed, and when they found Roland they punished him
with profound censure.

Without allies, Rolind found the anarch revolt and
the Sabbat wars very dangerous. No one trusted him, least
ofall Ventrue, However, he finally found a home with the
clan of hisoriginal lords, the Setites. Count Jocalo took hin
{n,end oon Roland gave the Serpent hisundivided loyalty,
Hehas recently won back the (limited) trustof the Venteue
Vencel Rikard, but as he reported to the Holy Roman
Ventrue in the past while serving Bulscu, he now reports to

Count Jocalo as he attempes to regain his status in the
Ventrue clan.

Joacim von NeuMANN
Ninth Generation, childe of Careagio
Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 1502

Apparent Age: mid 30s

Although Joachim von Neumann places great deal of
‘emphasis on control, as many Ventrue do, he in truth has
very little of it. Nothing of his known unlife reveals this,
however. Despite the Toreador stranglehold on France.
Joachim has manajeed to survive and flourish in the courts
(of Parisand Versailles. He has amassed » small fortune and
4 prestigious political powerbase in the land of Enlighten
ment. and enjoys the status and influence his position
brings.

However, his secrets gnaw at him every night. His
family, a tine of yhouls and retainers for many powerful
Veneeue down the yeats, is overshadowed by many dark
promises. In reality, Joachim knows little about those
promises; his great-grandfather/site has never seen fitto tell
hhim, and Joachim has not seen bien in over a century. All
hhe knows is ehat his sire or his site's site, of someone made
aun oath long ago 0 4 very old and very, very powerful
Nosferatu. The boon has passed to him and his entire
family, and he only knowsa small parc of whut ie entails: He
usc peotact enctain: Nosfame when they nak him ta the
correct way, and hie must safeguard several ancient tomes
and tablets. He can't even decipher them, but he is ex:
pected to protect them with his unlife

‘And now, of all people, the young son of one of his
descendants ecidentally stole some af the tomes! He even
Killed « man while fleeing, and somehow ended up in the
‘Bastille during the riots,...and now Joachim bas no idea
where he i: He only knows thae such « filuse will noe sit
well with his masters... whoever they truly are

Coomm Fot,

o



(OW age is na to bad
Mautice Chevalier

For Dark 7
storytelling info

ides

ing und Son of the Dragon, the
tion. was structured for younger, devel:
coping characters who were still considered fedylings in
Kindied society. However, in Ill Omens, the characters are

significantly older... and far less likely to do anything

courside their personal interests without a damn good reason.

This can give any Storyteller untold headaches. whet

developing stories, On the other hand, elder Kindred.

the ease of thei juntos

ayes experience many side

ave not necessarily advantageous

ipter gives several systems and guide~

lines to reflect these changes in the characters, and make
the Storytellers job a litle easier:

GeTTING BLpers INVOL ven.

"The characters ave worked their entire unlivento reach
thispinnacle of vampiric existence. At neatly 500 yearsof ag,
they are elders of their sects. They likely influence cities,
perhaps even counties. Princes and nables are thei bedfel-
lows, and untold ghouls and ehilder do their bidding. Few
things could hope w harm, let alone destroy, them.
With this sears, however elder characters tend t0 go
iy. The group's Ventrue may want to stay in his
city © mold it into a hub of international trade, while the
‘Tremere isdetermined to plumb the mysteriesof the forbidden
ace. The Reujah ansienhu wants to stake his claim in North

Vampires at the charac
effects of ecernal life th
‘orbeneficial. This

Guarm Sa

3

u comsider the alternatives

ADVANCING Time: CHANGING SYSTEMS

"There isno hard and fast tuletor when Vanopires |
the Dark Ages is "officiallf"superseded by Vampires
the Masquerade, revised edition. However, as game
time marcheson and new questionsarise, itis obvious |
thar many ofthe Dark Ages! rules longer apply, How
many guards still weae full suits of armar in the 18th
century? Who still studies Archery or Hearth Wiglom:
(except inextremelyruralateas)! When does TeueFaith
noticeably begin toweaken? Some tentign of thiswas
ade in Sonof the Dragon, but Storytellers whi have
not yer madethe cromoverare encouraged todos

‘TheStoryteller should be the ultimate arbiter of
when aindhigw sie wants eo rcpbace Use cubee by wisi
hectroupe plays, Willitbe an abrupt ceansformation!
‘The players may find alltherules hayechanged when
theircharacters wake up from torpor and themselves
find thac the world hnsiltered around thet. Cr willit
beagradual meshing sa the players hardly notice until
one realizes that all the mechanicsare different? Regard
Jess of the decision, however, this installment of
‘Transylvania Chronicles is the eime to make i The
Last installment will bring the characters tg themodern,
‘World of Darkness, and the characters (and players)
need tostarepreparing for it.


‘America, and it's unlikely the Gangrel will de anything
beyond defending his domain from encroachingcivilization.
In short, no-one may give a rat's ass about the plot the
Storytellers labored to create... twilltake time ourof the
player' own machinations for their characters.
nytellers have several weapons in theis arsenals to
keep a chronicle joing despite the arrogance and self
aterednes of elders. The first, and undoubcedly best,
opproach is to talk to the players. Ask them where they
‘want to gowith their characters, and request thar they stay
within few broad juidelines woheep diem (rom wandering
‘wo far away frotn the storyline. Also, a Storyteller should
bbe open to changing her plans to accommodate the players.
Nothing says that a Storyteller has to sacrifice her entire
sory, hur the best path to a satisfying chronicle resolution
doesn't necessarily involve whacking the players' characters
inthe head with sticks to keep them on linear story track.
A player's ideas just might reveal a better way to get there
With nlittle compromise from both sides, elderscan be kept
he loop" of a Storytellers Chronicle without sacrificing
their sense of freedom.
However, things aren't always that eaty. In situations
where simple discutsion jucr won't eut it, the Storyteller
wy have ro pull out a few tricks to keep an elder from
derailing the storyline. Done tight, the following tacties
will help the players stay interested (and their characters
involved) without making them feel frnced tn
When the advancing shadow of Gehenna and the
oncoming Final Nights are not enough to pique the
characters' interest alone, a very effective gambit is to
"make it penonal." Take a Storyteller character in Ul
Omens ind have hermakeamove on oneofthe character's
holdings, or kill one of the character's ehilder when he
get too close to some secret. Or, better yet, tailor a
Storyteller charncter of your own todrop into yourehmecle
— one who does something particularly nefarious to the
character or coterie. Giving the charactersan enemy, one
who is their equivalent age and power level (or just 2 bit
stronger), can drag just about any wayward elder into the
fray. This can also humble an arrogant character; they
aren't the only old Kindred around, and there's always
someone out there that can play the game a little better,
(That said, be wary of constantly escalating the power
level ot "archvillains" who serve no purpose other than to
foil the characters' endeavors. These characters cannot
exist in vacuutn; their motivations should sometimes
boring them into conflict with the coterie. Do not resort to
the comic-book tactic of creating. a legion of anti-characters
—such plot devices lack credibility and result in the loss
ofaplayer's emotional investment in her character.) Even
iF character couldn't care less about visiting France to
ain knowledge of Gehena of to destroy the old regime,
|he'll be overjoyed to head there if his immortal enemy is
cowering there.

Convenely, allies such as childer and ghouls can also
steeran elder inco story. Mesteldersdovery little to actively
promote their plins, preferring to manipulate through
proxies and pawns. Ironically, this gives the Storyteller a
good (ool to get them involved, The character's childe may
have had wpintionsof hammering out hisown domain, but
fhas made a supreme mess out of it. dragging not onky her
reputation dow, but chat of her sre as well. The character
needs to get involved just roclean up the mess his underling
hhas made. Forgotten ons or favors can also be wed as
levetage tactics to mocivate an uncooperative elder.

Ifnone ct these methods seem viable, the Storytellercan
always send an uninvolved character into torpor x0 she will
"sleep" through the portion of the Chronicle that does not
ouvert her, There are benefits as wel as drawbacks to thi
they are explained more fully in the section on torpor below.

In some extreme cases, nothing may seem to work.
6r, wore still, more than one or two characters muy not
want to cooperate. At this point, the Storyteller needs to
step back and re-examine herchtonicle. A storyneeds tobe
entertaining to the players; if they enjoy it, they'll muke
their characters get involved on their own.

Tre Learninc Curve

Overeven the short span of human existence, itis the
young who tend to produce and embrace new ideas, while
the oli try to cling to time-tested ickeas, For vanspire, his
iscompounded by an eternal existence. Eldersfind it harder
and harder to accept, or even understand, anything new.
Learning new skills or knowledges, and improving existiry,
tones, hecomes increasingly difficule

This change in an elder's ability to fearn is reflected
bby increased costs for increasing traits, Below is a chart
that shows how much ic costs, based on the age of the
character. to raise Attrihutes, Abilities and Disciplines.
‘This increase applies to both experience and maturation
point expenditures. (See below for more information on
‘maturation points.)

For example, Aitthies, » 400-year-old Ventrue wants
to leam the fourth level of Fortitude. It costs him his
current rating, 4, times 6, per the modifier for his ye on
the table, experience points for a total of 24. A younger
Ventrie may have lnamed the: Diseiptina for only 20
points, but a younger Ventrue would not have been
undead and static for so long.

VoLuntary TORPOR

‘As Kindred approach more advanced ages, the col
slumber of the earth becomes nearly commanding in its
tenacity, and it can't be ignored indefinitely, Older varn-
tires ditappear into a form of eorpor that lasts enywhece
from decades to centuries, rejuvenating and regaining 4
small bit of the fascination with existence thar they lost
cover the years.

Tussnunea Goncis Il

J


Age Upto
New Ability
New Thmanungy Path

0 years

New Discipline

Humanity/Roud

Clan Discipti
Other Discipline

* CR=Current Rating

Age corpor, sometimes called "volunt Fora more mechanics-onented approach to age torpor

should ideally be used as a storyeelling clement. Ifthe the Storyteller can have the pilayers roll their Humanity

) catings against a difficulty of Bx

stories, then the Storyceller may suggest thar the point, Each su

uninvolved characters fall into t eal ofthe ent fr $0 years. noone can avo

to exchite those players from the jgame: they forever. At the end this time period, they must make
childer of the active characters Humanie

characters are members of different sects, of one or twa (or Road, ot Pai very

ft some other story-appropriate
allows the characters to hold off the

(Gown Sa
5


Humanity (or Road/Path)
10
9
18

Length of Torpor
One year
Two years
Five years
36 ‘One decade
‘4 Two decades
2 Five decades
I
0

lenath of torpor i determined by a c

ing, though the duration sdiffereatthan damage-caused
torpor. The vampire ts not recuperating from wounds; het
supernatural body ix simply replenishing itself. Kindred do
not need to spend blood nightly while in age torpor: they
are considered in hibernation for the duration,

A character may spend Willpower to shorten the
nount of Lime spent ih age terpon each point spent upon
ering torpor halves its duration. Characters should be

cautioned against spending the majority (or all) of their
Willpower to reduce their time in torpor as much as
possible. A sleeping elder is valuable ranger eo Saba
tach and childer; fthe character's location i found out,
ie pays to wake up with a little more mental capacity that
as seinwentient vegerable.

The Storyteller may also adjuse the time spent in
‘oepor to fit in with her chronicle (and eo correspond with
the dates of the acts in ft] Omens). Since the Storyteller
Lenows each charactess' Humanity ratings in advance, and
probably how they will react to the prospect of stepping out
ofsociety forawhile, she can plan around or incorporate age
toxpot into her story plans.

Many characters won't want to enter age torpor, They
lose ditect control of their asets for possibly a very long
time, Itdefinirely puts kink to whatever plans they had in
tmind, plans that probably didn't include raking an ex:
tended nap. Not all is bod, however; vampires normally
wake from torpor more powerful than when they enered
the earth. During age torpor, all trait development (except
Backstounds, which are inaccesiible) costs only 75 percent
of ts nornal valve, rounded up, in macurition or experi-
ence points. Ache Storyteller's discretion, the experience
Penalties for advanced age may be reduced for vampires
thar have enteted age torpor.

MATURATION AND
EXPERIENCE

In the Transylvania Chronickes, there ate wast periods
of jgame time that are not covered by events directly
related to the story. The Storyteller and the charmcters

hhave 180 years to fill n hetween the end of Son of the
Dagon and the first Act of Ill Omens, 40 years berween
Acts [and Il, and 80 between Mand Ul. This is a
significant amount of game time, even for vampires, and
some of the most drastic events in Kindted society take
place during these vinaccounted stretches

Most likely, neither Storyteller nor player will want co
roleplay through nightly existence during these incervening
Years, or even a significant proportion of it. For these time
stretches where the characters exist and develop but aren't
roleplayed, the Transyivania Chronicles have a maturation
system that enn be used to represent the intervening time.

Maturation points ute rewarded simply for existing
and, presumably, learning or developing in some way. They
are used like experience points to purchase new Traits ot
develop existing Traits, but with a very imporcant differ-
‘ence: If the maturation points are not used, they are lost,
Maturation points cannot be saved for later use like expe
fence points can. Also, characters do not receive as many
maturation points as they would experience points for
actual roleplaying. Presumably, the instancesthat bring the
characters the most chance for development are active
parts of the chronicle; downeime is a5 much 2 lull for the
characters as their players, and there are correspondingly
fewer opportunities to learn and mature

Maturation points ae awarded in rough corresporebence
tw the nmount of downtime the characters expenence.

Years of Downtime Maturation Points

1-100 1s
101-250 16.25
251-500 26-40

There are very few times that a character will ever
have more than 500 years of downtime. The Storyteller

wrds maturation points depending on what actions the
character takes during the break in the story. If the
‘Tremere character simply holes herself up in a chantry
while the Sabbat ravages through her territory for 25
year, this i worth, pethaps, one or xo maturation
pointy; the Tremete learns little more than how damp het
chantry becomes in the wintertime. However, should that
same Tremete pot all her effort into toppling a local
‘Trimisce from his well-entrenched princedom, this Is
worth substantially more... and possibly a Seorytelling
session or two, as well. In the end, it is the Storytellers
decision how many maturation points to awand characters;
depending on how active they are.

Maturation points are spent in the sane way a8 experi:
‘encepoints withthesune cnatsfortmutdevelopment However,
theyeannotbe wsed fodevelop Background! Traits rough the
Fortune Paths described below. Only awarded experience
nts can aliens bese ratings,

Fortune PATHS
Some the least expensive Traits for characterstobuy

fare Backgrounds. They are also extremely valuable: Back~
grounds determine everything from how much money the

Tussuvaua Grroncs


‘character has,to haw much information he can get on short
notice, to whether he survives an anuatch attack bent an
dablerle (if you had just had a dot or ewo of Retainers...)

Backgrounds are inexpensive, however, because they
ae inherently unstable. Most of this is due to the very
nature of varapicicexistence. Few Allies, Contacts or Herds
can survive even asignificant portion of a Kindred!'s unlife.
1 source of Influence or Resources remains unchanged
{and unmolested) century after century. And Status can
change just.as quickly and drastically as irdooe in the mortal
world, The only stable Background is Generation; though
Ica fall, the charnetercannot spend poittstoraise it. He
must commit diablerie to change his generation, and such
dnote efforts often have dite consequences.

The Fornune Path system allows characters the epportu-
nity to charge theit Backyround ratings, based on thelr plans
for theic characters. The system does not guarantee a ratings
increase, oreven to keep itar the same level; partof trying
{nerease one's influence involves risking that influence, and
‘other parties ean take advantage of that. The Forrune Path
system leaves the final outcome to the roll of the dice

"The system may not yield immediately logical results
(What! My Finance-5, Intelligence-4 Master-of Every:
thing- Economic Ventrueloserwo Resourcedots! He's gonna
wet Inughed ouet the guild!") However, it encourages
players to take a more proactive role in developing their
chamcters, lendiny them through Storytelling sessions in-
stead of leaving Background development to downtime. It
also helps them to make more well-roundest characters:and
not invest their entire character'sfocuson afew setsof high
‘Tris and dice rolls,

THe System

Below are listed the Backgrounds that characters can,
tera to sabe through the Fortune Pathe system. For each
50 year period of game time thar passes, character may pick
cone Background she wishes tn affect, and roll on the table
below to sce whar happens. This ia freeroll; the character
doesnothave rospend any points rogecthis. Ifthe wants the
character may spend three addtional experience (not mate
rmtion) points to roll for w second Byekyround, For an
additional six, the character ean try her luck on yet » third
table. On top of thin the chnrmeter mny spend up to theee
‘experience points on each roll, even the one for the freebie
Background. Each experience paint spent thisway givesa+ 1
to chat die coll (for « maximum of +3). Naturally, for a
massive experience point expenditure, the character can
‘greatly improve her ods thar she won't lase something, but
she sil isn' guarantees she will gain anything either.

Juseas with any other situation tye Storyteller has the
ubiblcy w assiga other wooaifiess wo his woe, Pesbiyys the
next pure af the story depends on one of the characters
Josing some Influence; the Storyteller can apply negatives
to insure a loss (or at least to insure no galn, despite the
character duping # lor of expericnce ito the wall) sv
simply apply the loss without a rol.

Regardless of what happerss to the characters" Back
fgrounds, the outcoines cari he used to come up with some
interesting storytelling opportunities, When the Nosferatu
Totes his entite Herd mysteriously, or the Malkavian sud
dealy experiences a meteoric increase in his Resources for
no dice . ain al
sorts of interesting plots. Sometitnes 1 group of results can
inspire a story on its own. ("Despite all our efforts, none of
uuscould inctea ats, maybe the Justicar isplocting
with the harpies to keep ax down. Let's investigare!")
The Fortune Paths for each Background are found
below. The paths themselves are simple and exact, only

stating whether dots were gained or lost. Storytellees can.
explain che res

with whatever justification they can
come up with, Possjble disasters and rationales are listed in
revious installments of the Transylvania Chronicles,
any Storyteller who is having a dry idea day can consult
those books for starting points. The Storyteller, of course,
inalso at liberty to ygnore, change, or re-roll any result that
violates common sense of simply goes against what she
wants to take place in her elironicle

Wich tho charscten' advanced ages and experience,
it is quite likely chit one o tore of their Background
Traits threaten to rise (or already has risen) above 5. To
avoid completely unbalancing the game, te Storyteller
needs to decide if there i an sippor Limit, iC any. to
Background Traits: Ratings over 5 become global in scope
and power, which is rarely the result of dice-governed
blind hick. Adaitionally, many chronicles are nox equipped!
to deal with such an omnipresent character. More infot-
imation on Background scores exceeding 5 can be found in
War of Ages,

ALES

1: Bxtreme Disaster. Lose 2 Allies.
-3; Disaster. Lose 1 Ally

46: No change.

7-9: Gain 1 Ally. The character ean either select «
specific type of Ally, or roll randomly for an Ally on che
Influence Specialization Chart (see below) (0 sce which
Influence the Ally is involved in. The Storyteller should
decide whether the character may gain u specific Ally or
seer rll far ane randewnly

10: Gain 2 Allies. The character again rails oty the
Influence Specialization Chart, except she rolls wice (once
for each Ally)

Contacts

xtreme Disaster. Lose 2 Contacts.
Disaster. Lose 1 Contact
No change

7-9:Gamn 1 Contact, just hike Allies, the character tay
roll an the Influence Specialization Chart tosee what type of
Influence the Contact ts involved in, Thecharncter muy alsa
pick what kind of contact she gains ifthe Storyteller alle

10; Gain 2 Contacts, The same as above, except the
character rolls ewice on the chart

Care Sx

n


Herp
1: Extreme disaster. Lose 2 points of Hend.
2.3: Disaster. Lose | point of Herd.
5: No char
8: Gain 1 poine of Herd
-10: Gain 2 points of Herd
INFLUENCE
1: Extreme Disaster. Lose 2 pointsof Influence. Ifthis
brings the character's Influence inta the negative. she
now has negative Influence. Mortals and institutions
have heard of the character's bad reputation, and actively
iddcontact with her. The furtherthe character's influence
dips below 0, the worse it affects her. possibly spreadin
colleagues. The only way to bring her Influence back toO
for above is C0 roll on this chart again in the fucure or
counteract the reputation through storytelling.
2.S.Disaster. Lose 1 point of Influence. 1
negative Influence are the sare as above.
4-6, No change, At least the character doesn't hive
negative Influence.
specialization chart below or, with Storyteller's permission,
choose the type of Influence gained
10: Gain 2 points of Influence. The same as above,
except dhe character sll twice on the chart
Influen

This chart can be used to determine what part of

society w character's new Contact, Ally oe Influence comes
from. Some of these cross over or reach into the same types
of influence; this represents reat life, giving diferent means
to the same ends. Roll die for each point.of
Background gained.

1 Aristocratie/Buremucratic: You hold sway over, or
have connections in, one of the ruling families in the ares,
‘or the less flashy (but far from i
country. Though the aristocratic form
not truly atrophy until after the French Revolution, the
tide of bureaucratic leadership ean he seen tising behind
the monarchies of Europe. At this time, both types can
provide roughly the same services or information (access to
courts, protection of titles and lands), though through
different routes

2) Church: The Church's influence, constantly ina tug.
cof-wat with the secular governments of Europe, has slowly
been eroding. However, itstll holdsa very important part in
life and leadership, Ir can deflect the Inquisition, give con
siderable occult knowledge or provide a great deal of dirt on
just about anybody. (People still confess. vou know.)

3 Natural Resources: This power comes from your
contro! of some crucial item. Ore, gold, water, salt

lly anything that isin scarce supply somewhere. Ifthis

Tussi Gomes I
Ey


specifically linked to a resource, he simply knows who
controls (or who wants) any type of natural resource:

4 Fashion: Your whims sway trends. Ifyou pay artists
toxculpt in Greco-Roman style, that's the only style that
can be found anywhere; nothing but red silk graces your
closet, anyone wearing anything else 1s ridiculed. Con-
toctsand Allies in this area can inform you of anything
from trends toparties. Additionally, this Influence maybe
used ro make or break the social Influences of others.

5 Mercantile: Guilds, merchants and traders are under
your close scrutiny. If needed, you can make sure a loan
doesn't go through, or that a crucial shipment ardives on
someone's dooostep in remarkable time. Allies and Con
bictsin thisafea aren invaluable source of information, as
traders have been just about everywhere (and have dealt
with just about everyone).

6 Military: A raised militia or levied force gives its
alliance to you, OF to someone you control. They will
defend your estates and your person if necessary, and can
often be wed as « helpful weapon against rivals. Miltary
‘Contacts and Allies pivesiecurateestimates of ary strength,
plans and leaders, which can be invaluable in a continent
10 geared tonvand conflict.

7 Political: Your bed is home to ull the right people.
‘You may be a guild spokesman, a member of an importante
council, oF you may have the ear of someone who is, Many
lucrative favors are at your conmand. Contacts and Allies
are invaluable in politics, as they know dirt on anyone who
plays the same.

8 Reputation: Personal reputation gives you your
influence. Your bame is instantly identifiable asa pinnacle
‘ofsome type: the respected sage, the well-known banker, or
the caring bishop. Many people ask for your advice ar
opinion. A reputable Contact or Ally is also a wellae-
spected person who can offer you such advice freely.

9 Academic: You are the patton of a university or
college and correspond with noted scholars. Your grants or
requests can destroy old knowledges, alter philosophies, ot
seek out answers to arcane questions, Academic Contacts
and Allies can give you the latest thoughts and theories of
scholars, or across mele te

10 Choose one of the above categories or decide on
your ovin.

Mentor

1-3; Disaster, Lose your mentor.

4-6: No change.

7.9: Gain one point in Mentor: If you already have a
mentor then thamentothasgxinednew knowledee orpower.

10: Gain 2 points in Mentor.

Resources
1-2; Extreme Disaster, Lose 2 points of Resources,
3-4; Disaster. Lose 1 point of Resources,
5-6; No change
7-9: Gain 1 point in Resources.
10: Gain 2 points in Resources.

RETAINERS

1-2: Extreme Disaster. All your retainersare killed or lst

3-4; Disaster. Lose 1 retainer.

7: No change.

8: Goin | retainer,

©: Gain? reeainars

10:Gaina special retainer. Thistetainer iyexceptional
in some way: a Lupine blood bound to you, a mage, a cagey
infernalist, virally anything the Storyteller can come up
‘with, This fsnot an excuse to bring exntic of excepeianally
supernatural retainers into the game, but an opportunity to
bring something unexpected, and not entirely controlled,
into the game, Even elders need a little excitement.

Status

Status is best to we ay a Storyteller-controlled trait
than something to tol for during downtime. A chataccer's
actions and decisions dictate het Statun mote than a lucky
1Oand a few experience points. The Storytellercan change
1 character's Status acconding to her actions as she sees
However, in the interest of completeness, we ate including
4 Status table in the Fortune Paths. The Storyteller may
decide whether to use it of not.

1-2: Extreme Disaster. Lose 2 points of Starus. Oops.

3-4: Disaster: Lose 1 point of Status

546: No charge

7-9; Gain 1 point of Stanus

10; Gain 2 points of Status

OrtHer DownTIMe
TecHNiQues

Rather than reprinting pages of previowsly published
material, we encourage Storytellers to adapt the systems
from Dark Tides Rising and Son of the Dragon

Bluebooking exercises, interludes, snapshots of time, Merit
ind Flaw adjustments —all ofthese ate valuable and viable
options for a Storyteller to make use of during
Transylvania Chronicles, We've opted to present more
‘ew material at the expense of reiterating some devices in
this book, but Storytellers should feel free to use any and all
of the previously suggested tools.



(Once the game is ove, the king and the own yo fuckin the
~ Italian Peover

This historical timeline is more for general time reference list: this li
keeping, rather than backgrounds and ideas for ‘Sein Feoka
Storytellers can ise the timeline to keep track of Kin- — qdyenture, It
dred events as they occurted in relation to kine pertains leig to mortal achievements, which should be
andalse ta reference datesof the mos researched for inclusion in your chronicle
id mortal beliefs. Hone of the Cinite history is lsted in print and marked
four interest, study 1¢ in the books listed in the with wo dots (#*)

Arai
a1


Timenine

Columbus discovers the island of Hispaniola
in the New World

#1493: The Council
The
bya Tremere rita
495: Dracw

Thorns convenes in Silchester

Bran nach Revole ends, and the Assamices are
ond ehetr practice of diablerie

et the

oo fo Tyimisce Lambach to

0: The be

er inning of the High Renaissance

Attacks in Spain and Transylvania against the Camarilla

hhegin, and are attributed to a named the Sabbat
21514 A

Transylvania. The Or
15

Wirrenb

ajor peasant revolt breaks out in

mans slowly surround the nation,

posts his 95 Theses in

re gradually move from

of Hungary fall co the advancing
Turks, Transylvania is put

nder Orroman vassalage

9: The Turks besiege Vienna, The siege ends

2:'The Prince by Machiavelli is pablished in aly

41: Ferdinand of Habsburg attempts to take the
vacant Hungarian throne, The Ottomans attack in
response, taking control of Bud
#1550: In France
# 1560; The Ventrue of Transylwania begm imple
nore rigid i ites. This helps ther
control during Sabbat Crusades and ferr

Twilight Cue is forme:

Sabbat spies. The practice quickly spreads to other Camanlla
ope

The Ottoman sultan decrees thar all

+ 1596:
Transylvanian princes must be approved by him after
appointment by the Dict

#1599; Mich
Moldavia and T,

first time. He

unites Tran

one rule for the

1 the Bray ania,
Its against the Turks
ar the Sabha
the la Cities under 5.
nt, and Sabbat leaders
#1601: Michael the Brave iy assiss
of the three jelly
* 1618: The Thirty Years' War begins. Gabriel
Bethlen, Prince of fights against th
Habsburgs during the conflict.

#* 1600: Ie becom losing ies wr

vam rot fall ne
ated. F
Ms

Transylvania,

Teasrvona Cnc

102


# 1632: Galileo Galilei is tried for heresy by the
Roman Inquisition.

1+ 1650; Younger Sabbat start traveling to the New
World in droves. erying wo keep the Camarilla from gaining
camaro of che Americas

* 1659: Gheorghe Cractun begins « religion-in-
spited revolt that ende dismally, The Turks tighten their
control over Transylvania, and use itasa staging area for
ain attack on Vienna

© LObO: Ihe Sabbat begins researching' and coxtifying
‘what will one night become the Paths of Enlightenment

© 1680: Ambroginw Giowunn promaly armouences that
the last member of the Cappadocian line has been destroyed.

* 1683: The Ottoman Empire again sieges Vienna,
and are again defeated. The Habsburgs pursue the Turks
as they retreat ftom Hungary and Transylvania.

#1687: The Habsburgs gain control of Transylvania
with the Treaty of Bla)

+ 1692: The Salem Witch Trials take place in
Salem, Massachusetts

+ 1703: Ferenc Ruckoest Ll begins  revole againut
the Habsburgs in Transylvania. His evole is put down
by ITIL.

#1710: The Malkawian Anatole diablerizes Octavio.

+1797; The first in ayeriex of minor revoles sweeps
‘Transylvania. Other revolts take place in 1744, 1759
and 1784.

© 1750; The Tremere, after three centuries of compile
Inga list of suspected traitors to the clan, ritual cverse the
antitribu with a symbol that all Tremere can see

* 1789: The French Revolution begins. Anarchs,
‘withthe help of younger Sabbar, lend support tothe revolution
and sfnar icon.

#1793: Robespierre's Reign of Terror begins. In
fear, many Camarilla elders flee France

+ 1799: Napoleon Bonaparte takes control of France.

THe SworRD OF DRACULA

‘This powerful relicholdsa great deal of mystery in this
‘chronicle. Its history and powers are never fully disclosed

to the characters, though they see it and may even possess
\tfora short time. The sword takes on a greater mystery the
less the charscters know; little save what is necessary
should be revealed about it. However, Storytellers ate
meant to know far more than the players, (Thar's what
makes their job so fun.)

The swont of Dracula i a broadbword of che finese
quality, with a shining blade set énto an ornate hilt. Many

Enstem and koldunic symbols are etched along the length of
the blade, and multicolored jewels ate inset into the guasd
and hilt, [twas forged by Vlad Dracul, Dracula's father, with
the help of the Ravnwos Durga Sym and her kriwledge of the
demon Kupala. Vlad Dricul made the sword specifically to
slay Kupala, the malewnlent servants of the preatar demon.
The sword deals aggravated damage to all supernatural
entities; its detailed properties ate listed below.

The sword also possesses several innate abilities. Durga
Symalwayecaw Vlad Deacul, an later hicwon Viad Tepes, a6
excellent candidates for the Embrace, 10 she designed the
sword with powers that would benefit a Cainite wha poe
sessed it. For each health level of damage the sword causes,

This is very
disconcerting to watch; the blade visibly darkens asit takes
in the blood, fading froma shiny silver to deep erimeon. No
blood spills from the wounds it causes, since the sword
aabsorts ull blood that would normally gush feom the eut

‘One bloed point at time enn be released by touching »
small jewel set into the hilt. The blood slowly seeps from the
blade in drops. The blood says fresh for as long as the snd
contains it, making it very effective means of ransporting
vitae. It snot known if tere isa limit to how much blood it
‘can hold, though Kindred rust be wary when drinking from
tt Ifthe sword has slain other vampires, Lupines or change
Tings, i¢ may concain the blood of thase creatures. The effects
‘ofsuch vitae ae stil ineact, and ies impoxsible to select" the
blood thar is eected from the swoed. All the blood is mixed
together, s0 each blood point consumed isa mixture ofall ehe
blood the sword has absorbed

The weapon's second innate power i its ability to
commit s typeof diableric om thon it slays. The sword must
deliver the killing blow for ic to do this. This effect war
‘originally intended to aid in destroying Kupala; icabsorbed
[parc of the essence of the encittes, thereby denying Kupal
a chance to return two wreak havoc. The essence of the
tinor demons could then be ritually disposed of with little
risk. The sword does not capture a soul ur any other usable
measurement of existence; the essence it takesin cannot be
communicated with, bound or dtablerized by a Kinde.
However, faint voices can be heard echoing from the blade

if tt has slain a great number of entities. These voices
Ukewine cannot be underetood, but thy shore of sighs and

whispers can be very disturbing when heard emanating
from the sword.

Dracula inherited the sword from his father, but never
used itn bate, displaying it imstead in his castle asa work of
art. He did not realize its powers until he met Durga Syn many
yeurs later: After his Embrace, he found the sword to be
invaluable formany ofhiskobnic riualyand for storins vitae

Damage

word

Concealment

Strength + 5 (aggravated) L

Area,


Eventually, the Tremere of Transylvania learned of
J and its powers. Not only was ita mystic relic of
Eastern and koldunic origin, it also possessed abilities that
would aid in countless Thaumaturgical rituals. The target
was far too tempting. Antin of Golden 1
ingseveral splesto al Deaths), and managed to do
so without the Impaler fi wut who was responsible
However, they needed way to control the sword if Dracula,
activated by a

loud shriek. He wanted to place more
safeguards, buthe feared tharany more tampering would be
noticeable

nvshile, stumbled upon fore in one of his

castles detailing th

hound Kupaln to the Transylvanian soil. Misinterpreting
the demon ay a potent but benevolent spirit of the land,
Dracut decided to summon it and use its powers to n
control nf the potent magical sol of Transylvania, ashe had

ane i The fist seep was to weaken the

somantic web: one of the »ymbols forming the web was
ea into the walls of his wery castle, and he wasted no
time in destroying it, He still needed 100 innocent victims
tocomplete the rituals, however, and the most effective way

to undertake ir was by using his sword. He then engag

a thorough hunt for the weapon, and after finding it,
toperform the ritual, Dracula never eampleted i, hampered
ty the Inquisition and his realization of the demon's tre
nature. He ill possesses the sword and the rituals, though,

the eiual

Certain legends speak of a "sister sword," forged at the
same time as Vad Dracul's and, perhups, also assisted by
Durga Syn. Known as "Ainkurn," this other sword has
played u noteworthy (if legendary) role in Kindred history.
Cerrain tales artribute the Ainkurn sword with the destruc
tion of Methuiselahs, single-handed victories over ravenous
Lepinss seal even tevel inte the realms of the dead. A
ee, they are aften in conjunction
with passing tales ofa vampiric knight, a member ofa fallen
order who has since been claimed by: the Brujal. Lite
corrobora ofthe Ainkum sword reliahly —itx
es of wonder and horror
Whatever the case,

be just as powerful as

sreputed

Trsuvises Gaowass I

104


er
:

YLL NA TW

Dracula stalks the night; Kupala rages beneath the cursed land
of Transylvania, and Paris burns in revolution. The characters
— princes, rebels and everything in between — find themselves
amid the fl and besieged by friends and foes alike. Can they
survive the terrors of both the supernatural world and the kine?
Or will they become so much ash on the wind?

‘Transylvania Chronicles III: Ill Omens continues the chronicle
begun in Dark Tides Rising. The players' characters, elders of
the Camarilla, Sabbat or independent clans face opposition from
all sides — Dracula, rival sects and even the citoyens of the
burgeoning French Revolution. The si

to appear. Only the stalwart can stand against them, and only
the most vile hurry them along.

The continuation of the popular Transylvania Chronicles

Events from the French Revolution and the Giovanni purge
of the Cappadocians

Downtime and maturation systems for long-term play

S\ MEI

i Da THE [JASOUERADE,

~
