# File: Transylvania Chronicles IV - The Dragon Ascendant.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

a crossover chronicle for vainpiresthe park ages
and vampire: the Masquerade:



Crepns
Authors: Bian Campbell, Jackse Cascada and Nicky Res
Developers Justin Achill
Eaditor: James "Dr, Octagon" Stewart
Art Director: Richard Thomas
Layout & Typesetting: Brian Glase
Interior Art: Mike Danza, Jeff Holt and Vince Locke
Front Cover Arts Larry MacDougal

rer Design: Brian Glass

Text UsAnour Your Cuaracten,
‘That's right — we want to bear about your
‘Transylvania Chronicle. So write it up!

the details ofthe book series tell us what made your tale
‘unique and how it fits into the World of Darkness.

of salar Veep Nery hte woane
are ‘Vampire {in an. upcoming
sourcebook. See your coterie immortalized in the pages
of one of our

Submissions for this contest become the property of
‘White Wolf Game Studio. Pleme type and double-space

Suite 128,
(Clarkston, GA 30021

‘Send ‘em in by December 31, 2000,

Game Stun

© 2000 White Wolf Publishing. Inc. All rights
reserved. Keproduction without the written permission
of the publiher is expressly forbidden, except for the
Purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproxluced for personal use only. White
Wolt, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Datk
‘Ages, Mage the Ascension, World of Darkness and
Aberrant ate registered trademarks of White Wolf Pub:
lishing, Ine. All rights reserved. Werewolf the
Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the
Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wik
West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great
War, Trinity, Vampire Storytellers Companion, Kin-

red ofthe East, Kindred ofthe East Companion, Halls
fof the Atcanum, Ascension': Right Hand, Hunters
Hunted, Chibdren of the Night, Transylvania Chronicles
1 Datk Tides Rising, Transylvania Chronicles If Son of
the Dragon, Transylvania Chronicles It Ill Omens and
‘Teansylvania Chronicles IV The Dragon Ascendant ace

ralemarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein
are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc

The mention of oF reference to any company oF
proxluct in these pages isnot a challenge to the trademark
‘ot copyright concerned.

This book wes the supematural for setting, chara:
tervand themes All mystical and supernacural cenerts
ate fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only
Reader discretion i advised

Forafree White Wolf atalogeall 1-800-454- WOLF.

‘Check out White Wolf online at

buapiwww.site-wolcomyalt games whitewolfand
re. games frp storyteller

PRINTED IN USA.

Teron Gooncts


She Dengon aca

TABLE OF CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

CHapTer One: Bevonn THE Forest
Cuapter Two: THe DaNune BY MOONLIGHT
CuapTer THRee: THe ACCOUNTING

CxHapter Four: Reverations

CrapTer Frve: DRAMATIS DERSONAE

CHAPTER Six: STORYTELLING THE
CHRONICLE OF THE AGES

Appenprt: Time's INeXORABLE CRAWL


\ \

\


The sun had already disappeared, a monstrous
Gack shadow came running from tfje east, it was as
if gigantic Gare feet began rumbling on the sand, and
the wind sent a cold wave along the backbone.

— Leonid Andreyeo, "Lazarus"

All things must come to an end,

Including the world.

These are the Final Nights, the End Times.
Can the Kindred forestall Gehenna itself?



mont ge
Sophocles, Ajax

he glaring sn blinded Anatole as he cowered beneath the
if Vienna's hes. As the aged

nevath: manne. pre
f the church anal disappeared behind the overt
pot be, Centuries ago I turned my back on the

it ay

i, stained with am acrid for, pour

» forehead, seaking his face

led in his mind. You stand here
Regard this place

«if the ground beneath

proane with the vue of Kupala
That ies within? Anastode winced as the sum rose higher in

ag hs flesh wich arrow

# bear this

fflme Varn

ny a moment longer
vrethim. Abonk. snd
we mont worth
the jes

fusing ts knowles

hatynge of

1 sce of many ry from ate, mag the fa
‘up to heaven' But the is
‘uuthont four inthe Breezy glens, whi
ow pases nt away

uf rach

1 of your foes goes abo,

all men mack wth tts

Why have you thse this cure ups

ceadesparing wea kt oa! the ust cf merlin
Ahenh
tw rid myself of all this prophecy, Oxtavto's

ange Laughter Muadgeomed his muna {thou

wwthin him. Pas the bu

creature who did not see the fall of

experience the futility of being Jestiny's anointed, sh

thisureholesome weight. [will est in ow

Octavis's caches filled Anatie's
lo, Anatole, 1am with you alway

last

The Maiawsam felt the gonad beneath hs

anal watched dark, filthy hands reach wt an pul ham dow
the daskness. As he fll, Anatole heamd the demons saad
Whisper. Behold the future, and despair'

Anatole?" Luciza's evice joe the deman's. but h
‘concer seemed 69 come from wiht. Anatole ope
tu find himself his familar restine Dlace — the cel
abandoned tannery on Vienne Blood se

‘aoa, to his
Anat

tol the Las his
'

meted int he dark

timeless pace. F owe che sue of the coma

moons


«aflame as five fl from great skyborme beasts of see, 1 saw armies
ache the fac ofthe lan as snake from the chamel fies Noted ont
the san sarched for signs thatthe old ones had anne from het
shamber, yet saw ran Fat man atthe hel of hs destin."

"The sun has set, old friend," Lucita said. "You must
replenish that which you have shed so profusely im your seep."

‘Anatole Lnughed, heaving the echoes of an earker laughter
fis woice, "Weald chat I could shed mome than oad," he said. "I

oud slough off these visions and suceramb to whatever Wes
beyond death's wel."

"There ave wiry t accomplish that pal," she whispered, as
she hal dome so many times i the ast.

"Anatole shook his head. "They wll not allow it. 1 am the
swice of Gehenna and I mut he about my work. Two hands of
tens remain hefore the last of the signs comes to pass, and what
Aeseractiom must precede their coming!"

The prophet donned his filthy coat and waited for Lucita to
Drepare for their nightly charade. With Lucita on his arm,
‘Anatole wok his place among the throngs of Viena. Ie was the
1896 Anno Domini, The furere awoited

Ir'stHe ENDOF THE WORLD
(As We Know It)

The final century ofthe millennium heralds a new age
for the mortal world. Philosophy and seience usher in bold
concepts that change the perceptions of humans about their
place in the world. Prosperity and discovery are the catch-
words of the glittering decade before the 20th century.

‘Bar two workd wars, a global economic depression and
ideological staemates put an end to this sweet hope. Despite
the accelerated progress of the 20th century, the end of the
imillenniurn beings uncertainty and dread.

For the Kindred, the century before the millennium
threatens their couplaventy athe lords of the night. Tech
‘nology placesreaterpowerinthe handsof the kine. Electricity
conquers the terror of the dark, New methods of transporta-
tion allow mortals to travel safely and rapidly from place to
place. Many Cainites find it difficak wo adjust, retreating t0
Elysium and withdrawing ftom contact with humanity.
Younger Kindred revel in the changes, using theie techno-
logical edge to secure a place among their elders. The relative
power of the Camarillasand the Subba seesaws buck and forth
ta the nocturnal struggle for ascendancy as the world under-
ses cataclysmic political and social change.

AAs mallennial fever brings the sense that something
momentous wall soon mark the ticking off of the years,
‘hanalful of Kindred prepare. Only a whisper in the halls of the
‘Camarilla, the word "Gehenna" resounds throughout the
Subbat. Scholars of Kindred history on both sides of the
(Cainire divide recognize the signsof the Final Neghts but few
dare to voice their observations.

{a Eastern Europe, the land once known as Transylvania
sroans under the weight of century of conflict and.
son, but even more transpires beneath the surface. A great

steomantic web, spun by Zelios centuries ago, draws power
from the earth itelf. Within that web. the demon Kupals
stirs, sensing that its time of awakening approaches. The final
signs portending Gehenna make themselves known to those
who watch... and wait... and despair.

‘These are the end times. These are the Final Nights

Moon

‘The procession of the centuries picks up its pace as
mortal civilations rice and fall For the centurie old undead,
the world has changed far beyond their capacity to compre
hhend it. Some things, however, remain changeless, among
them the certainty that Cainite history crawls inexorably
toward a sinister culmination. Celera approaches with »
sense of inevitability. Eight signs mark its arrival. Sex of the
signs have come to pass. Although most of the Kindred
remain ignorant of these omens, a few watchful individuals
recognise the gathering storm for what ti. Tw signs remain
before the great upheaval that, once set into motion, wil
wash over the world in a tide of fire and blood.

‘A chorusof moods harmonizes in this, the final installment
of the Transylvania Chronicles. The straine of (wy comtuticy
vwaftacrosthe ages formangamotifapsnst whichthe story takes
place. The end of the 19th century sunges with optianism, alive
with the possiblities brought about by a seemingly endles
frarade of scientific advances Behind the cre dhe Kinkos
play out their interminable schernes inthe Jyhad. orchestrating
their moves with the cascade of new sensations that flavor the
night Al things sem possible asthe 20th century begins.

By the end of the 20th century, the mood has darkened.
Little by litte, the Kindred find their influence shippingaway,
co-opted by the sophisticated tools of destruction controlled
bby mortal institutions. The children of Caine no longerenjoy
unquestioned austery of de night.

‘The motif of destiny, with the characters preoedained 10
playa ole in the unfoldingof the Fil Nights, injects another
element into the mix. While Kindted society xcrambles to
maintain the delicate balance between the Camanila anu! the
Sabbut, while Methuselahs pull the strings in the endlew
Jyhad afew Cainites poses the true knowledge of Gcherna's
signs. The countdown to doomsday has begun. and it seems
unstoppable. Hopelessness threatens to overwhelm even the
most determined of wills. Yet the absence of hope does not
niecessrily mean the presence of despit. A feeling of grim
determination, of defiance in the face of the inevitable offers
a madicum of hope. the chanacters can stem the
destruction that rushes across the face of the Earth.

Tueme

‘The conflict between fate and free will forms the central
theme of The Dragon Ascendant. The characters poses
knowledge that allows them to alter the course of Cainite
destiny. Can they change the future, despite the prophecies
and the fulfillment of the signs of Gehenna? If they cannot

Trusnvm Groncs


ultimately prevent the fruition ofancient schemes, how farcan
they g0 in tempering the destruction that seems imminent?

From their fint encounter with the prophecies of
‘Gehenna, the characters' unlives intertwined with the plots
and schemes of the Antediluvians as well as those of the
demon Kupala. All too often, they discovered the illusory
nature oftheir choices too late. Still, they held their coune,
‘weaving a tortuous path across the centuries, knowing that
they hold the key to the future in their hands,

Isthisenough? Does knowing what may come allow the
individual to affect the course of destiny? Or does this
knowledge make the future all the more certain! Are some
things written in stone? A dark tide threatens to engulf the
world, bur a few individuals may choose to confront fate
head-on, swimming against the current in the desperate hope
that they can make a difference. Who knows! Peshaps they
‘can make the transition from pawn to player and add their
‘own pieces tothe gameboard of the Jyhad.

How To Use Tuts Boow

‘The Dragon Ascendant concludes the Transylvania
Chronicles an epic wory that heyan inthe 12th centiry ant hae
played itself out on history'sstage.Ifyourcharactersparticipated
im the events described in Dark Tides Rising, Son of the
Dragon and Ill Omens; they shoul have a faithy good grasp of
theie place in Cainite histey. They have exited thieugh
ccenuries of upheaval and change — some of it catastrophic.
‘Whether they resisted that change —as most vampiresdo— or
accepted new concepts they have camed with thern a burden of
lenowledge that few of thetr pen ponies.

Now the time has come for them touse what they know,
to put together the final pieces of a puzle that has taken
centuries to salve.

‘Teansylvania Chronicles IU: Ill Omens lft the chae-
acters to deal with the aftermath of the French Revolution
and the Reign of Terror. The Dragon Ascendant jumps
ahead tothe endof the 19th centuryand brings them from the
turn of onc century to the cad of another. The information
tm thes book should help Storytellers and players capture the
feel of the modern world through the eyes of characters who
remember when few mortals dared walk the night

‘The chece ones of The Dragom Ascendant present possi-
talities, not certinties for the characters, Use these stories as
‘wnten or make whatever changes are necessary to integrate
them into your chronicle, Depensling on the particulasof your
cotene, you may need t alter some of the circumstances. A,
Sabbar pack doesn't approach things the same way as group
«of staunch Camanilla supporter, while independent characters
(:ésuchastance's possible) might take adiferent course entiely

CONTENTS

‘Chapter One: Beyond the Forest brakes the ap between
the end of Transylvania Chronicles Ill: Ill Omens and the
‘exinning of Transylvania Chronicles TV: The Dragon

Siar Peo ee

material in this bookimimes thae your troupe his

played hrcugh the revi insallmentotthe

‘Chronicles Ifyou mised the previous books nthe sriesor

choone noc to we the earlier materi in your chronicle, yous

‘can wwe the information presented here as « standalone

chronicle. This snot, however, ata for inexperienced oe

young" varnpare character. Eder with several centaes

under their belts are most for the three stories |
presented im this book. If the chamcters have not yor |
‘encountered references to the signs of Gehenna ox the

romantic web of Ze, you may eet 1 pew them |
some background 0 that they do not mis out on crucial |
knowledge. Momentow events take place duringthe coune
ofthese stories they involve some of Cainite ciety mont

powerful nddnis and deal wath the unfoing events

‘prophesied long ago. Make certain thatthe characters have
‘ficient resources and abilities to weather the storm.

‘Ascendant, providing information onthe workdat the endothe
19th century as well asa ook at how the Camanilla and Sabtut
have changed and grown since the end ofthe 18th century

In Chapter Two: The Danube by Moonlight, she
‘characters travel to Vienna in the waning years ofthe 1500s
In the city known throughout Eastern Europe for ts culture
and art they tink thei unlives in pursuit of another pieve in
the grand design which has become their quest

Nearly a century lapses before the next tw stories
‘Chapter Thrce: The Accounting takes place inthe heart of
‘Sabbat territory, as the characters undertake a diplomatic
mission that requires them to journey far from the land!
beyond the forest. in Mexico City, they become part ofa great
betrayal, one that may mark them as traitors
tn the eyes of theie compatriots

In Chapter Four: Revelations, the cycle best san
centuries ago with the bubs of a cate in Transylvania
completes self The character return tothe cnty now knew
as Romuanas, where the choxesthey mak ether stem the tine ot
reckoning or herald its beginning in a storm of Jestrx ti

(Chapter Five: Dramatis Personae provntesdes rptins
of the individuals the characters may encvuntet ss they take
ppart in the events chronicled in this Kook. This chapter
upsates familiar ixlividuals and intrexhaces new parti
in the chronicle of the centuries.

Chapter Six: Storytelling the Chronicle of the Ages
inchades a bricf summary of 20th century Cainite and humo
history a well a ikke for upeating the players characters and
determining how (ord) they have come to texas with the gy
change that mark the bt hundeel years A stem of maturation
Points reflect the appearance of Abilities una tthe mele
‘worl, while tory seek reproent agggations ts help Storyteller,
invert their own adhventures ino the Transylvania Chronicles

Finally. the Appendix eivesa timeline of imgxetant vers
and provid a definitive Foting of the Eight Sigs of Gcherna

cor hetwes

encrucron



ee Bi

AE ‘Si

‘Nor public Flame, nor private, dares to shine

Lo! thy dread Empire, Cha
Light dies before thy sancwemting word
Thy and, groat Awarch! lets the cxrtam a

And unwersal Darkness bus

Jor human Spark i eft, nor Gilmpue divine

(a rewwr'd:

es All

Alexander Pope, The Dunciad

Darknes dexcendhupon Transylvania. Atthe endofthe
19th century. assaults from the Ottoman Empire have weak
«ened Eastern Europe, leaving it ready for conquest. By day
vat armics struge for control: by night, ancient vatnpites
seck to influence the outcome, While the sun skies, serfs
cendure suffering and superstition. praying that the conflict
terween the Turks and the Russians leaves them unscathed
(Once the sun sets, greater horrors prowl the night. Cainites

snclent nightstalkers who have succumbed to centuries of
corruption and despair — prowl the "land beyond the forest."

As the struggle in Transylvania con
lization. Advances in transpor
allow vampates to meddle in affairs tat beyond the boundaries
"their ancestral domains. By the dawn of the Victorian Age
they can peruse nightly reports of events in London and
Venice, Moscow and Madd. The diversions of the m
cities have kept the Kindred of our chronicle busy ov
last century. Conflictsin Teanylvaniabave been abandoned
forthe time being... bit not forgotte

ton and communica

the

This isa chronicle of ages in which the world of Caine's

and political lindheape of Europe, even in the mont remote
regions of Tranwylvania,

Ancient scholars stil
Times. The Winnowing the Reckoning, the Apocalypse, th
Time of Thin Blood — call it what you wil. The signs of
Gechenina sonely maniest throughout the world. The f

‘vampires of this chronicle

sured

as portrayed by your ply

know this well, for they

avescen many ofthese events unold
The portents lead to one outcome
Tr
anything that challeryes its socen
ceed to the next three chapters in our continuing drama,

speak bretly of what thas come before. Destiny ana

CHRONICLE SUMMARY

The Transylvania Chronicles
vampinc his
have b

the taunted sod
devour

» power. Before we jy

ylvania, an ancient evil is awakening, teach

y. Ousrherves se may be
J opportunities U of the 0
important events in the saga of the Damned. While maty
vampires are swept away by the tides of time. ou

«villains, a the

hilder continually changes. Old characters evolve while are aware of deeper currents, All that has occurred, and will
new ones are kaptized into darkness. Thecentury between Ill occur, has been foretold by prophecy: Most vampires know of
‘Omens and The Dragon Ascendant has altered the social the coming of Gehenna, when the Antedihuvy tise
and devour their childer. Kindred occultiss have studied the

Boor ne Foes


stans that foretell Gehenna's approach. Several ofthe proph-
«cies refer to the resurrection of an ancient entity, the demon
‘Kupola, nthe lands of Transylvania.

Eight signs foretell Kupala's return. Much of Cainite
bhistory — from the rise of the Usurper Tremere in the 11th
century to the dawn of the third millenium after Christ —
«a be divided into eight ages: Scholars such as Aristotle de
Laurent and the Comte Augustine d'Erlette can declaim at
sgreat length about the mont salient events. Curiously enough,
some of the most significant take place inthe land beyond the
forest, deep within Transylvania

In the Age of the Fint Sign, devious Tsimisce warred
with ambitious Tremere. From the peaks of the Carpathians
tothe untamed forests of Eastern Hungary, Transelvania was
a land of turmoil. As the Fiends squabbled over control of
‘minor Eastern European tina and knesates, Clan Tremere
seized its position as one of the most powerful clans in the
world. Tremere himself became infamous for his diablerie of
Saulot, one of the 13 Antediluvians. His foul crime fulfilled
the First Sgn,

In the Age of the Second Sign, a nocturnal alliance of
seven Kindred princes known as the Cauncil of Ashes doeai-
rated the domains of Transylvania. As the Ventruc of the
Holy Roman Empire tried to bring the land under their
authority, petty conflicts tore apart the Transylvanian princes
who opposed them,

‘At the height of the Councils power, the Nosferatu
Zelios helped its members construct a seies of castles and
smanses throughout Transylvania. Zelios posessed an intui-
tive knowledge of geomancy,a talent that enhanced his skill
san architect and earned him fame as master mason, With
‘hisgpeomantic skill, Zelios unknowingly created a vast web of
power. The 13 largest castles served as nexus points, and the
pattem ofley linesconnecting them hound an ancient evilin
the land. Few suspect the true sigmificance of Zeliow'suctions,
even in the modem nights. The protagonists of our story
helped establih Zell's pattern of ley lines when they
erected the fist nens point: a catle in the Carpathians
designed to guand Tihuta Pass. At Zelios's behest, they later
placed sigis of power on the Titwta Pass castle. As reward,
for their diligence, a few of them rose to power, claiming
ponitions as Transylvanian princes.

During this time, events in other regions of Europe
fulfilled the prophecy of the Second Sign. Scholars refer to
the "threefold breaking," when three of the Dark Ages'
sreatest orders fell. The destruction of the Templars in 1308,
the low of the Holy Lands and the fall of the magus brought
the world one step closer to Kupala's rerum. The legendary
‘magus was Tremere — his undoing can be traced to the
Embwace of Goratrix,a treacherous childe who later betrayed.
his ste by forming a house of Tremere anciribu

In the Age of the Third Sign, a new sect arose to tear

apart the political structure of Transylvania. This was the age
of rebellious childer, the cof the Anarch Revolt again the

elders of Europe. In the land beyond the forest, skulking
"sabbats" of bestial vampires held bloody noctural revels
‘They found common ground with Gratiano, the Lasornbea
who conspired against the elders of his clan, and with the
Fiends who diablerized the Tzimisce Antedifuvian. When
‘Hardestade the Eker, ahighly influential Ventrve almost fll
10 a similar attempt, his enterprising childe proposed a
political solution that eventually came to pass in che Age of
the Fifth Sign.

Loremasters refer tothe Age ofthe Fourth Sign asthe era
when the Son of Dragonjoined theranksof the Transylvanian
undead. Many believe the thind prophecy was fulfilled by the
achievements of Vlad Tepes, the Impaler — a historical
figure known as Dracula. During his mortal eign of terror
‘Vlad the Impaler learned ofthe strength granted by varmparic
blood. He extended his own life with the power of vitae while
this mercenary Axes brutally slaughtered thousands of inno=
cent victims. In his rise to power. he forced a Teimisee to
Embrace him and diablerized another to earn his infamy in
the annals of Cainite history. Using the same treacherous
tactics, he carefully played the Camarilla and Sabbat against
‘each other for centuries. The fourth sign refers to the rising
of « Dragon in the East,

In this case, however, the Kindred scholars ate wrong.
‘The Dragon of the East is none other than Saulot himself,
who has twisted the Uaurper Tremete to hic own enh since
his diablerie. Because prophesy isan imprecise science, few
hhad any inkling that the grandsite of Javaniel, the "Second
Bone Dragon" from an apocryphal aécount of the Salubri's
carly struggles with the Baal, is truly the Dragon to which
this lore refers Dracula i irrelevant to this prophecy, though
‘he manages to interewine himself with Fate later. Your troupe
should have the opportunity, if they're clever, to enjoy this
knowledge — bur convincing athens may prove dificule

‘The foundation of the Camarila marked the Age ofthe
Fifth Sign. Our protagonists were present at the Covenant of
‘Thorns, an epic event that united seven clansand damned the
rest, Hantestade the Younger, Raphael de Corason and other
"Kindred" gathered ina village nea Slchester to unite against
the anarchs and forestall the dangers ofthe mortal Inquisition.
‘At Thoms, Clan Assamite submitted ta blood cune exacted
bby Clan Tremere. The Camarilla's formation and the subse
{quent creation ofthe Sabbat fulfilled the fifth sign.

In the Age of the Sixth Sign, while the seven Camarilla
clans prospered, Caine'schilder created and destroyed many
leer broods of vampires Entire clans were annbilated One
of these doomed legacies, the Cappadocians, were hunted by
the Venetian necromancers of Clan Giovanni. The peotago-
‘ists of our chronicle were drawn into this intrigue when they
handed over Maria Asuncidn, the lat Cappasdocian, tthe
‘very claws that would rend her limb from limb. Through her
destruction, the sixth sign was fulfilled

‘While Caine's childer plotted nightly, Lod Dracula
eiained distant from the concems of the Camarilia and

Tewsnvin Gaon V


‘Sabbat, retreating ohisoccult studies beneath Castle Arghes.

Through the ancient koldunic sorcery of Transylvania, he
mmade an abortive artempe to seize controt of Kupala. Al-
though he was defeated by a coterie of wily Transylvanian
Cainites, he continued to manhal unholy power for decades
afterward. Others have tried to master Kupalan spirits by
worshuping at the Cathedral of Flesh, a vast underground
labyrinth flesherafted from centuries of sacrificial victims.
Most of the miscreant acolytes of the Cathedral, including a
foolish cult of Baali, have failed. The evil spawning in the foul
labyrinth has since retreated beneath the earth, watching
from another realm.

By the dawn of the Victorian Age, most scholars agree
that six ofthe Prophecies of Kupala have been fulilled. Two
sll emain. Unaware of such momentous developments, the
rest Kindred society continues to pure is divenions. The
Kindred have capitalized on grand revolutions among the kine,
from the cities of the Okd World to the colonies of the New.
The history of the Children of Caine continues, no matter
‘what occultsts and masters of the lote may say. Throughout
the wrth slow march oa the enfin re,

Stanmmoarmclnn

Ieisentirely possible lye scaeetiate
Aecided to start reading this from the last book.
and work your way bickuen in time. Seranger things have |
Ihepyened. te omy be thee you are ony taterested
‘enacting the two moder stories of have an interestin the
Vewrin Ape itn nee
the ast page ofa mystery
acts ofthis book 10 a standalone: gh
litle work, tits not impossible. Youdonot need to read
the bast three books in this series to mun Act One and Act
‘Two of The Dragon

Ack Thee however, sjnerdd she colina of

‘oorlndcitaer elena eeechoeae

chapters ofthe Transylvania Chronicles. Keep the final in,
serve forthe conclusion of your sags, For more ides bout
the ype of dni we the Solin

Wuen We Last Lert
Our VILLAINS

Ml Omens, the previous installmentof the Transylvania
‘Chronicles, began in 1680, when the characters received &
plea for succor from Maria Asunciéa. a youthful-looking
(though decidedly not young) Cainite. As the last member of
the Cappadocian clan, Maria was a prize sought by several
factions of vampiric society, including the Giovanni, the
ual. che Sablut the Ventruc of Transylvania. the Tremere
andthe French courtof Prince Francois Villon. Although the
characters may have protected her fora time, in the end,
Maria became the sacrificial lamb on the alta of peophecy —
she met her death atthe hands of one ofthe many groups who

desired to exterminate the children of Cappadocias. In all
\ikelihood, the characters made powerful allies and potent
‘enemiesasaresultof thetr role in thisaffaz. Theyalso became
aware of more information concerning the signs of Gehenna,
{including the knowledge that Maria's death fulfilled one of
the eight signs.

The next brush with fate the characters experience
‘occurred in 1710, when the characters leamed of an attempt
bbyan old acquaintance — Vlad Tepes, Count Dracula — to
rouse the demon Kupala from its bound slumber beneath
Transylvania. Since they participated in the construction of
the great geomantic web conceived by Zelios long ago, the
characters may have appreciated the poetic justice that drew
them into the effort to prevent Dracula's il founded scheme
from succeeding.

The chaos and disruption of the French Revolution
formed the background forthe final story told in I Omens.
Caught up inthe frensied strugele to survive persccution and
«death atthe hands ofthe revolutionaries (or the ISth century
‘version of the Inquisition...) the characters had the oppet
tunity to rescue a political prisoner —amortal relation of one
of their Kindred acquaintances. Their actions lead to the
recovery of another fragment of prophecy pertaining t the
Final Nights

‘As the Eight Signs of Kupala are revealed, the Chikdeen
of Caine continue to pursue sinister conspiracies. Behind the
scenes in the Transylvania Chronicles, the same cast of
‘charactersmarches inexorably toward the Final Nights. Many
of these Cainites scem peripheral to the plot, but there's a
reason they're here. If your characters have survives through
most of this chronicle, then you'te used to the idea of
constructing further interludes to explain what happens in,
the downtime berween adventures. Thus, you may decide t0
‘ue a few of the ongoing characters in these stories, of a least
offer players the chance to interact with them when they
describe their characters' downtime between chapters.

Far more takes place in the Transylvania Chronicles
than the thtee main stories that appear in each book. We
have animated the skeleton of the story that dances from
book to hook; we leave it to you to put meat on it bones.
‘Don't fet limited to the events of the next thtee acts alone
"Now that we have assembled the skeleton, the cast of ngoing
characters and their continuing histories should provide you
with plenty of muscle and grist to flesheraft as you please
‘if you like that sort of thing. of course.

ASSAMITeS, ASSAMITE ANTITRIBU

Atthe Convention of Thorns, the Assamites submitted
toa debilitating ritual administered by Clan Tremere. The
‘tual prevented them from diablerizing their victims. When
various elements of Assamite society refused to submit tothe
curse, the clan divided into two factions. Sabbat Asami
continued to do as they pleased, but the Ortoman Assamites

Boo ne Fost


made peace with the Camarilla when the vier of Alamut
submitted to the Treaty of Tyre in 1496. Unfortunately, his
clan continued vo vie with Easter Lord Ventrue for influ:
‘ence over Eastern Europe for centuries afterward. By the 19th,
century, they hid many of their activities behind ongoing
conflicts between Russia and the Ottoman Empire. tn this
‘way, they affected several ofthe most important events in the
history of Easter Europe.

‘Storiesof individual vampires illustrate the history of the
two Asamite factions. Husayn sided with the vizier and
retreated to haven in the Ottoman Empire. Obediently, he
aided his clan by fulfilling contracts throughout Europe.
Farig followed a more treacherous path by ignoring com-
‘mands from the Eagle's Nest Instead, he schemed with other
‘Assamite antimbu to violate the Tyre Treaty and assassinate
key Eastern Lord Ventrue. Karif al-Numair enjoyed even
sreater success, earning a postion of honor as the first hull
of the Angels of Caine. As the eldest of the Assamite
«ssaimbw, he soon commanded respectastheir nominal leader.

Baatr

Since the Convention of Thoms, a handful of Assamite
niente have allied with cults of infernalists. Ansen, the
Baalt who converted several of them, has been destroyed.
‘Sul, small Kupala cults have grown stronger in the shadowy

comers of Transylvania, Of course, theit indiscretions later
contribute ro the formation of the Sabbat Inquisition to root
‘out the diabolists, but not until the late 19th century,

BRUAKAND Brusan ANtrrunU

Georghe Craciun of Clan Brujah has been destroyed,
‘bata much older scion of his can, the Methuselah Dominic,
thas emerped from the shadows. He has returned from an
ancient Trimisce labyrinth known as the Cathedral of Flesh,
‘where his visage and mind wete horribly warped by centuries
of torture. After executing the miscreant Baali of Deva, he
Embraced three powerful chiller and released them into the
ranks of the Sabbat. With theit aid, several Beujah ancionbu
terrorised the nobility of Eastern Europe. Foremost among
these sokliers was a Brute named Septemus, a tyrant who
eventually became the Archbishop of Bistria. After aicend-
{ng to power, he set his packs against the former archbishop,
the declining Radu of Clan Teimisce

Fotrowersor Ser

‘Count Jocalo has compiled plenty of detailed informa-
tion on the Kindred of Transylvania. After trading secrets
with the Nosferatu Zelios and employing the talents of dhe
\Ventrue Roland, he has leamed many of the weaknesses of
the vampires in the region. His motives, however, remain,
exyptic. The few who know of his existence speak of the
Setite's penchant for "corruption." What cod does it uli-
imately serveIshe attempting to blackmail powerful vampices?
Does he want to sicrifice them to Set's ravenous appetites?
Does he destroy others merely for his own amusement?
Whatever his agenda, he remains formidable antagsnit.

GanoreL and GANOREL ANTITRIBU

Mitra of Clan Gangre! has succumbed to his bestial
‘urges and fallen completely uncler the sway of the Son of the
Dragon. After undergoing a koldunic ritual of reburial, he
‘emerged from Transylvania's tainted soil to become the
commander of Dracula's Axes. Tiberiu has met a more
\gniominious fate. He was punished for hisinsolence: his body
was cruelly fleshcrafted and his soul is forever twisted, He sill
serves as a messenger for two Feuxalist Tsimisce. The frst is
‘Count Radu, a Fiend who skulked in a crumbling fortress in
Borgo Fass before he was forced from Transylvania. The
second is the infamous Lon! Dracula, who eventually re-
treated to the same castle in the Carpathians,

Growansr

[Now that the last Cappadocian has met Final Death,
‘Auustus Giovanni and the rest of his elan ean focus on
other goals. Don Pietro Giovanni stays well informed on
Transyleonia's economy and i ready to exploit uncapped
‘business opportunities in the region. Now that the Easter
Lord Ventrue have dificulty influencing this Sabbat tert
tory, Don Pietro's biggest competitor has been removed
Ambrogin Giovanni is interested in more scholarly pur
suits, such as assembling lost fragments ofthe Book of Nod, or
investigating curious rumors of the myth of Kupala. In the

‘modem nights, Ambrogino becomes aware of the collapse of
the Underworld ac it happens, which makes relations mith

|hitn interesting, to say the least.

Lasomnna

‘The Lasombra have little influence in Transylvania.
Relegated to their territories im Spain, Scandinavia and the
New World, theyhave little hope (or desire) of finding power
{ma realm surrounded by the Camarilla and infested by the
Trimisce. Individuals, however, may succeed where clans
and conspiracies fail. Lucita has rejected the beliefs of the
Keepers, ignored the dictates of the Subbat, and refused
overtures from the Camaritla, Instead, she has dedicated
hherselfto the Malicavian prophet Anatole, helping him warn
the Kindred of the portents of Gehenna.

MALKAVIANS AND MALKAVIAN ANTITRIBU
Clan Malkavian is slowly changing falling prey to in-
creasing insanity. Octavio was a great prophet who seatked
the Earth in the guise of the Magyar god Havnor, but now he
hhas been diablerized by his succenor, Anatole. The visions
(Octavio passed on to hit became a curse, plaguing Anatole's
mind with overwhclming madness. Few heed his words
anymore... save, pethaps, the protagonists of this chronicle

Nosrenatu anp Nosrenatu ANTITRIBU
Alter surviving the "tutelage" of the Antediluvian
Trimisce Yorak, Marusca has become a master of Machiavel-
lian incrigue. Her hatred of Nova Arpad and her other
‘Ventrve rivals has driven her to ally with the Sabbut. Her
cchilde, Ruxandra, has fled Transylvania, fearing a blood

Tensavaa Groncis V

"


hunt unleashed by Nova Arpad. Her talent for disguise has
allowed her to infiltrate the European courts of the Camarilla,
Under a wide vanery of disguises; she trades tmformtion,
throughout Europe. Now she seeks revenge against Nova by
assuming a new identity

OF course, we must alo mention Zelios, the master
mason who has constructed castles throughout Europe, trav
led to the Middle East to seek occult knowledge and
uunwitingly sapped powerful ley lines in Transylvania He
left for the New World, using his fame arnong the Kindred in.
a bid for political power. As an advisor to both primogen,
councils and Nosferatu councilors, he is destined toshape the
furure of Clan Nosferatu,

Ravsos
‘Vassily Taltos was once a diplomat ecking a homeland
fochispeople Nowhe tsabitter monster seeking only reven
In his rage, he sited a chide named! Vladislav, an unc
hroughout Eastern Europe. This demented Cainite is at the
center of several elaborate plans to tear apart the European
(Camatilla. One such plan concerns Victorian Vienna
Ravnos anteitw drive out Deceivers who do not sweat to
uphold the Swoed of Caine. Izydor Toren and his childe,
Delizbieta, were onc® among the most respected Ravnos in
Final Death rather than face another night, Delisbieta has
-come homeless again, seeking another home, Vienna looks
te peoentung

TOREADOR AND TOREADOR ANTITRIAL
nigh » few Toreador antieribu have entered

leatn the arts of pain from ancient Tzimisce,
clan lacksastrongpretence there. The last Transylvanian
Jer oftheirsociety, Arianne, has left for London to

heartstrings of a new city. Camarilla Toreador an

more interested in the affairs of eu
rural backwaters like Transylvania, particularly those present
for the events of the French Revolution in Ill Omens. Noel
dle Artois still endures shame inthe courtsof Paris, Audie St,
Thierry continues his political machinations and Francois
Villon maintains a hidden authority as prince of Paris. Ifany
Toreador in your chronicle has watched Paris evolve, they
may be intrigued by similar events in Vienna,

Tremere
By the dawn of the ¥ sage, the dest Tes
have become legendary. Etrius has erected elaborate de
fenses to guard the torpid body of Tremere, the clan's
sander. Since 1520, Etrius members of his
later, he financed the construction of a more ontentations
chantry in. Vienna's Ringstrase: Fortscheitt, a temple of

knowledge containing the langest occult library én


Wester workd. This building later became the infamous
‘Viens Chantry, monument that Warlocks throughout the
world describe wath revereine.

Celestyn, the master librarian of the chantry at Ceoris,
spent centuriescompiling thousinds of tomes forthe Tremere's
storehouse of knowledge. Moving the chantry' libeary from
‘Cooris wo Vienna took 10 years — an arduous task that left
him hornbly demoralized. Celestyn is now researching the
mysterious lands of the Kuei-jin, leaving his childe, an
anstocratic French scholar named Augustine d'Erlette, «0
rebuild the clan's Mbeary

Warlocks travel from around the world to knee! before
tris, consult Augustine's extensive library, and demonstrate
their loyalty to Clan Tremere. Those who are interested in
‘more focal concems consult Andan of Golden Lane, the
Tremere Primogen of Vienna, He is now known simply as
Ardan Lane. With his political influence, he often gathers
visiting Tremere todiscusscurrenteventsatsalonsand séances.

Tzmrsce

‘Sascha Vykos rejoices that the Tremere have largely lost
the warin Transylvania, consideringit the penultimate victory
cower the Uisurper clan. After altering "hee" identity, it contin-
ues to play the leaders of the Tremere and Tremere antiiby
axgninet cach other for her own amusement. Marelle has risen
‘oa position of authority in the Sabbat, fiercely peotectig the
Archhishopeic of Deva. Still infamous as the Sculpeor of
‘Wolves, she has forged a vague truce with the corrupt Lupines
who now inhabit the former Cathedral of Flesh.

As for Count Radu Bistri, he has been driven from the
Borgo Pass Castle and deposed as the Archbishop of Bistria.
Feeing to protect his very soul, he had no choice but to call
upon the hospitality of other Oki World Fiends. In the
process, he gathered enough politcal influence to become
the ist Cardinal ofthe Land Beyorn the Forest. Noone else
dares play the dangerous game of speaking for the
Transylvanian Tsimisce, the most Fractious group of Cainites
‘on Earth. By the end of the 18th century, hei rewarded with
2 archbishopric in the New World, but intrigues in
‘Transylvania repeatedly draw him back to the Old Country,

Ventrue

Nova Arpad, the last remnant of the Ampad dynasty, has
continued her efforts to forge alliances between Habsburg
Venttve and Easter European Tremere. Het centuries of
scheming have paid off for she now acts as an intermediary
berween the two clans as the Ventrue Primogen of Vienna.
‘She has abo maintained contact with other members of the
former Council of Ashes, including Cardinal Radu. Her
‘blood hunt against the Nosferatu Ruxandea has continued
{nto the Vietorian Era.

Bulscu, the warrior who led the Magyars in a crusade
‘guint the Holy Roman Empire in his breathing days, has
‘risen from torpor. The Man of Bloods mortal descendants,
the nobles ofthe Asrad Dynasty, have died out, and many of

his Kindred descendants have fallen tothe Angels of Caine.
‘Although Bulscu's former lackey, Vencel Rikard, «sil
Prince of Bucspest, the Man of Blood has become an outset
tumong the Ventre. Since he is unable to overthrow the
‘Ventre Methuselahs who Embraced him, Bulicu has estab-
lished a haven in Russia where he seeks revenge against other
enemies. His sreatest concem is uniting the Ventrue of
Eastern Europe against the schemes of the vizier of Alamut
and his Ottoman Assamites.

Prince Vencel's servant, Roland, has fallen under the
sinister influence of Count jocalo, By the Victorian Age,
Roland has secured a profitable stave trade in London, undet
the nose of Mithras, the prince ofthe city. Prince Mitheas is
le temembeted fora very intriguing audience with the Son
‘of the Dragon. In the early 1880's, the Transylvanian count
attempted to establish » haven in the heart of Victorian
London. This scheme failed utterly, forcing Vlad back vo his
castle in the Boogo Pass. Exactiyt revenge, Vlad hired
scrugaling lish writer toshatter the Masquerade by writing of
his tragic defeat. His chosen pawn reworked the Impalet's
saga into'a most remarkable novel: Dracula

THe ARI or Wan

Prophecies once again call our heroes to battle against
Fate. Let us arm them for war. Between the last chapeer of I
‘Omens and the first story of The Dragon Ascendant. the art
‘of war has changed considerably. Among the undead, only
fncient vampires rely on weapons like swords and bows.
Moder Kindred have leamed the uiefulness of concealed
firearms. Young vampires consider them an important edge
over Disciplines and supematural abilities. Eker vampires, of
‘course, consider them little more than an affectation of the
age, poor substitute for powers granted by the Blood. Either
‘way, few Trait for typical Victorian firearms may help your
‘troupe's characters survive the next act of our story. If the
characters don't use them, their adversaries certainly will.

Victorian Weaponry

Melee Weapons: In the Victorian Age, discreet weap
‘ons for hand-to-hand combat include the billy, a elub
‘commonly employed by the British police, and the sword
‘cane, astender blade concealed ina walking stick. Abo in this
‘category isthe singewich, a dueling cudgel used capably by
fictional heroes like Sherlock Holmes

Light Pistols: The most concealable handgun is the
Derringer. One-shot, two-shot and four-shot varieties ae all
_rvailable. However, the mechanism iscruce enough that the
firing pin must be moved each time before the chamber is
reloaded: only one shot pet turn is posible.

Heavy Pistols: Most handguns ofthe period are revol-
crs. Bulky revolvers are available in 38, 41, 44 and 45
caliber. The Traits of the Adains & Webley can represent
-various British revolvers; Americans variants are represented
by the Colt Peacemaker. By the start of Act One, the British

‘Tronvnea Groncus V


Damage: Indicates the damage dice pool.
considered bashing darpage unless the head i tmpetd,

ae considered lethal damage, Venus vampires, firearms we
@ damage 1 considered lethal, —*

Range: This isthe practical sho range in. yds, Weapons maybe fd ac wie thiditnce. bu sac attacks ae conaidered lee

range (difficulty 8)

‘Rates The maxieuth number ofsbotsa weapon may take in atuen: Note

AHR" rate. require

theca action pistols, asked witha"
‘the hammer to be manually deawn beck before the trigger may be pulled and anocher bullet fired. Drawing back the hamier takes one

‘tion, which means that unless the shoocer wants to wuor

«4 dice-pool penalty, he may fire only once every other tart.

_/Concealenent: P' Can be carried in a pocker ot vet; = Can be hidden i» jacker or eape; T= Can be hidden in aerenchcoot

‘oc beneath a cloak; N »* Cannot he hidden oa a person.

‘avy has accepted the Colt as the standard service revolver.
During the Victorian Era, inventors also developed the
predecessors of the moder semi-automatic pistol. The first
sel-loading firearm was manufactured in 1893. By 1897,
shen our story resumes, one of the finest examples of this
technology isthe Mauser 7.65 mm, colloquially known as a
"beoomhandle."

Rifles: Long guns in the Victorian age are typically
repeater. Lever-action rifles with cubular-magazines and
boltaction rifles with box maguines are both common.
Lever-action rifles, such as the famous American Winches-
‘er, are typically fastet, In England, the Beitish army still uses
boltaction rifles they have jst switched from the Lee-
‘Metford to the Lee Enfield. Ofcourse, huge hunting rifles are
alo available, but they are typically one-shot or two-shot
‘weapons. One type of heavy elephane gun is included as an
‘example just for comparbon, though someone in your play
‘em coterie may will want one.

tie earn mae ew

‘Shotguns: In this era, pump shotguns are rare, prone to.
‘malfunctions and expensive. However, double-barreled ot
single-barreled single-shot shotguns are commonly available
{12 gauge and 20 gauge. We won't bother including Traits
forthe freakish 10-,8-or + gauge bores which peobably cause
death without all chat awkward dice rolling

Machine Guns: Finally forthe sake of completeness, we
should say that while machine guns are technically available
during Act One, they're not realy practical forthe nextstory
in this book. Victorian "machine guns" are hand-cranked
‘weapons that must be hand fed with box o barrel magazines.
Hiram Maxim developed the first true machine gun in 1884;
it was adapeed for use by thre British army by 1891. However,
‘Gauling guns are typically wed by British colonial soldiers in
Places like South Africa. Storming into a city with a tripod-
‘mounted machine guns ike carrying polearmsintoamedieval
‘icy eight centuries ago. Using such a weapon ina major city
like Vienna is as indiscreet as breaking the Masquerade
‘Thus, Storytellers are encouraged to ignore or restrict theit
use in Act One.



mI

Ae
i

ges

ig

Die

SPECR Lito!

Lifeless, soulless, hated and feared.
ev whom breathing men scold kill. [am Dracula

Gary Okdenan as Bran

For many Camarilla vanpites. the Victorian era is a
goklen age. Theough careful cultivation of their resour
hove intellectual debate and universities
real enlightenment. Vampires who wish to maintain theit

tic nobles preserve cent
tradition. salons

humanity often cultivate their influence in the mortal workd
for centuries after theit Embrace. Nearly half » millennium
after the Convention of Thorns. the Camanilla has not only

allowed civilised Kindred to remain hidden behind human

soctery, but abo encouraged their cities to flourish.

Victorian Vienna is no exception, The city is the moxlel

nenplish ithe Kindred within,
(tet aide theit differences The domain peospers because of
the famous "Triple Alliance" of the sect: the Toreador
Tremere and Ventrue. Toreador ate attracted by the artistic
and weial world, for Vienna ts arguably the "musical capital

‘of Europe." Beethoven, Brahens, Mozart, Mahler, Schubert
and Straus chrived in this inspirational city. Ventrue hover

foe what the Camarilla ean ace

around the ¢

utt of Emperor Frans Joseph I, a Habsburg

sch the Rue Rios praise as paragon of arienceacy
Tremere are suxnmmoned from around the world to the depths
of Fortschritt, Vienna's newest and most extenstve chantry
Focthese three clans, Victorian Vienna iva brief and shining

moment in the history of Caine's childes

Hear me! 1 aon the

‘Stoker's Dracuda (1997)

Yet hidden behind the beauty of Vienna, tragedy aw
Consider what happens in the century that follows. Within.
1 year, Emperor Frans Josephs wife ts stabbed to death on the
street by an anarchist. After Frans Joweph's nephew, Arch
duke Ferdinand, is asauinated in Sarajevo, the Great W
forever alters the political landscape of Eastern Europe. The
rmadnes of the 20th century discards the a di
srentility. Democratic and communist revolutions
entire nations. Technological revolutions change every
pect of workdwide culture. When the Vict
decades that follow begin an age of frustrat
for cent

ian Eraends, the

tes old vampures wh
evolving workd

Within decades, the ins

torndoant

putions of the Victorian Age
make way fot a new century, but not fu

at ch

Before your troupe's characters ate
Iniquitiesof the modern age, let
twenjoy the Victorian ideals that Vienna hus
last, ofc
dred of
anatchi

overwhelmed

ecan't
nat the Kins
tion of Sabbat

rebels of the Raw
Are gathering to tear apart this C

ot clan, packs and Lumps

umarilla city, Until then, we

a brief stoll along the Danube by moonlight

Tre Doan w Moone

19


Act One: A Massive
BeTRAYAL

‘Act One centers on a tome rumored to contain revela-
tons conceming Kupala. In 1498. a coven of aceultists
assembled what fragments they could find concerning this
rmaleficent demon, The result wasa voluminous handwritten,
‘manuscript called the Incwnabulum Kupalam. Alehough most
‘of (et in academic Latin, portions are encrypted in. meta-
phon, ciphers, diagrams, quatrains, Enochian revelations
and, of coune, prophecy: A team of scholars could spend a
century unraveling the layers of meaning within its text, and
cach would arrive at a different version of the ruth behind
the myth of Kupala.

‘After the coven compiled the manuscript, they financed
the printing of hundreds of copies. By the middle of the 16th,
century, they were ready ta disseminate once obscure know!-
‘cdge throughout the circles, covens, sabbats and chantries of
Europe. Before the first printing was complete, however,
clerics ofthe Inquisition unmasked the conspiracy, smashed
the preses, hunts the conspirator: and burned as many
copies as they could find. Allegedly, a handful of surviving
smanuscripes found theit way through the lames to Arcanum
chaptethouses, the cellar of the Vatican and other reposito-
ries of knowledge. Within the occult history of mankind, the
tome became legendary, almoxt mythical

Now the legend flashes forwand to 1897, when the
revelations of Kupala are known to a slightly larger citcle.
Vassily Taltos, a Ravnos, was exploited afte trying to find a
home for hisclan in Eastern Europe. In his rage, Vassily raised
bhischilde Vladislav on lies, false history and raving paranoia.
Vassily believed that a conspiracy among Balkan princes
Prevented the Ravnos from ever finding peemancnt domains.
Thus, the deranged Vladislav has swomn vengeance against
the princes of Eastern Eutope.

Viadisby has devised an elaborate scheme. It begins
with the theft of the Incinabuluen Kipolao fromm an Ascarvam,
chaptethouse in London. He doesn't care how dangerous this
knowledge is, but he knows that several vampiric factions are
willing to do almost anything to obtain it. Some occultits
claim the rituals within ies pages were internbed co bind
Kupala. Others insist chat the tome can be used to summon
and control him instead. Either way, many elders crave wach,
knowledge.

‘Wich the help of his kumpanda of Gypsies and ghouls,
Vladislav dispatches messengers to the interested parties.
Foremost is Etrus of Clan Tremere. The ancient Warlock
loyally guands his toepid master in Viennese chantry, while
neatby, vistors w his domain consult the most extensive
brary of occult knowledge in the West. Ecrius immediately
makes an offer, one so generous that Viadislay almost recon
siders trading the book dreetlyto him. He setsout foe Viena

jon in cave

Ina labyrinth beneath the crumbling ruins of castle in
Wallachia, 2 master of the koldunic arts alo learns of the
tome. In previous installments, we refered to him as Vad
Tepes, the Son of the Dragon. In the Victorian Age, he
attempts to shatter the Masquerade by hiring Stoker to
chronicle his mga. He is now a shadow of the legend he has
created: a powerful Carpathian vampire known throughout
Europe as Dracula. Vlad isnot quite the Romantic figure he
‘makes himself out to be, but he is known for many achieve-
iments, He has significantly advanced the art of koldunic
sorcery, a mystical practice of commanding the spirits of
‘Transylvania. While others might use the tome to contain
Kupala, Dracula wants to control the ancient demon. He
dispatches his Axes — an assemblage of rogues, Gypsies,
‘Ravnosand violent Gangrel —to make an offeron hisbehalf.

‘Within a week, a Cardinal of the Sabbat also receives a
messenger in his antechamber. Hours of torture reveal that
‘Vladislav actually has the book and has already set out for
‘Vienna. Eager to prevent Clan Tremere fom learning more
about Kupala the cardinal dispatches Black Hand removers
to recover the tome. Failure means succumbing to the xame
fate as the flayed messenger, who has by now been "rein-
vented" by fledgling Tsimisce flesherafters

Three factions seek the Incunabulum Kupalim. Upon
hearing this news, the Deceiver rejoices: Once the Viennese
‘Tremere, Dracula's Axesand the Black Hand encountereach
other in Vienna, the prince and primogen will be over-
‘helmed! Some ofthe Ventrue whorejected hissite sil walk
the night in Vienna — Vladista i eager to give them what
some Ravnos cll "the Treatment." Throwing caution to the
winds, Viadislav rushes toward the Austrian capita

In his haste, the Deceiver falls into the hands of the
‘Arcanum investigators who orginally guarded the book.
Unbeknownst to the Kindred of Viena, Vadilaw has heen
captured by skillful hunters and the tome recovered. His
Roma allies are still at lange. Eager for knowledge, Arcanum
agents scour the Deceiver's mind to lear more about his
‘vampiric allies. Viadslav offers litle resistance, telling them
about an elaborate undead conspinicy i the city of Vienna.

‘And why not! Once the three factions descending on
‘Vienna encounter each other, they fight forthe book. Inthe
‘uml, as the defenders of the Vienna Camanilla are dis
tracted, the hunters can strike at Vladislav' enemies!

‘Acabal of Arcanum hunters sets out for Vienna to learn
‘more. To aid their investigation, they foolishly being the
tome with them. Unfortunately, Vladislav didn't tell them
that the three factions are also descending on one of the mast
renowned Camarila cities in Europe, looking for a Ravnos
‘who's not there anda tome that'salready in the wrong hands.

A CONSPIRACY ASSEMBLES

‘One last complication: the unsuspecting characters of
‘your troupe are contacted by Cardinal Radu Bostr, the former
Archbishop of Bastritz. While visting ancient Fiends in

‘Taser Groncus


‘Transylvania, he leamed of new developments in Kupala's
saga. Sabbat informers told him of the Incunabhan and its
rossbilices for advancing koldunic sorcery. From his former
mesenger. Tiberiv, Raduleamedthat Deacula has dispatched
his Axes to find the tome.

‘Asa result, the cardinal sends Tiberi to contact an old
scquaintance of his, a former Transylvanian prince who is
‘now the Ventrue primogen of Vienna. Nova Arpad and
‘Cardinal Radu share a common interest: preventing Dracula
from obtaining the tome. Within a matter of nights, they
gather an entourage of vampires who have a personal interest
in the myth of Kupala. They, too, want to consult this tome,
cor at leat be present when Vienna & overwhelmed by
Kindred vying for the same illustrious prize. Vladislav doesn't
need to arrive in Vienna to give local Kindred "the Trear-
iment"; by the start of Scene One, he has already succeeded.
‘This story details the consequences.

Scene Ont: A SUMMONSTO
Vienna (Summer, 1897)

Tune changes ll things. Ehlers who remember the Dark
‘Ages tll cheemelves that they ail way che world, but they
have actually been cast ant bythe rides of history. Some were
swept up in the crusades of the Sabbat, others recruited to
support the Camarilla) Masquerade, and afew remain distant,
purming the politics of more independent fections. Noncthe"
Jess elder Cainites remember, and sometimes maintain,
alliances that defy the boundaries of sect, clan or domain.
Hopefully, your characters are still iil enough to continue
searching together forthe portnts of Kupaa's return.

If you've played the Transylvania Chronicles from the
seat, you no doubt already know the techniques for gathering
toyether vampates with vastly diferent political afilanone
‘The moet obvious relies upon » mther diplomatic Ceinice who
‘is aware of activities in both the Camarilla and Sabbat. Radu
Boris now a Sabbat cardinal, but he sill maintains contact
with Cainites old enough to remember the nights before
Sabbar Cainites and Carmatille Kindred. The approach of
‘Gehenna overshadows their trivial political concems.

Corentes ann:

‘Conspindcres,
cena oe ee aoe

probably a pack However, bree eo amhed
pera wean nae Ayer
political mapa are prone todo over
Sout: Seas detipaeemealioctes mane
ences, at feast long enough to find: the Incunabulum
Kupalam, we will refer to them as a "conspiracy" of
vvampites for the eit ofthe act.
‘ARTING THE CHRONICLE WITH THE
/ASCENDANT

fthisis your first foray into the Transylvania Chronicles,
you don't need tp overwhelm your players with the events of

the last seven centuries. Instenl, your troupe's characters
should have common tis to sires, mentors or elders whohave
already participated in earlier chaptersofthe story, and know
the prophecies of Kupala because they have watched them
‘unfold firsthand. If you like, you may later decide to "flash
back" and recreate these vignettes.

If you prefer this approach, we also suggest forming
‘coterie concept for the characters sires. Fint, all of them
should have been Embraced before 1500. This ensures that
the characters sites. at least. already have ties thar dey
‘boundaries of sect or clan. One childe may have sided with
the Sabbat, while another may have been converted to the
‘Camarilla's point of view, but ifthe sites' coterie predates
such conflicts it's easier to form a rationale for their childer
to work together. On behalf of the elders who Embeaced
them, the characters must set aside theit political differences
‘to acquire this valuable tome. They are the next generation
‘of a conspiracy that has existed for centuries.

Next, the characters and thei sites should all have a
‘common enemy — Lon Dracula. This sionplifies the plot
considerably, since new character can focus on one adver:
sary intead of four. For heginning players. you might also
reduce the number of confrontations with competing fac:
‘ts Having several onspiniciespresentincreasesthe tension
for ancient and powerful characters — by the end of this
story, the blond flows frely — hut neonates don't need 10
face the same challenge. Finally, we've inchaed afew scenes
‘where they may learn the significance of the prophecies of
Kupala and the importance of finding the book. Beginning
characters don't need to know ahout everything from the
start, br they should have the opportunity to lear. Augus-
tine of Clan Tremere can answer their questions

Germino tHe CHARACTERS INVOLVED

(Cardinal Radu dispatches his mesenger t0 gather
vampiric conspiracy that's intimately familiar with the threat
of Kupala. Tiberia, Rad's twisted Gangrel save, has hecome
absolutely loyal tothe cardinal. Yetat his behest, Tiberias
‘emained behind in the Oli County to serve and ukimately
betray Viad Dracula. Through subterfuge, Cardinal Radu has
learned that the Son of the Dragon has already dispatched his
‘minions to retrieve the toe. If our characters survived Act
Twoot Ill Omens, they've no doubt developed fierce rivalry
with Dracula. I they haven't, he's sill a perfect adversary for
Cainites new to the chronicle.

Tailor Rad's invitationsto the various characters Play:
ets have different preferences, after all. You might enact a
brief interlace with each chanictet before the ame, pass out
withered pieces of parchment, simulate an interview with
Tiberi, of just summarize what each character learned
before meeting everyone else. By now, you already know
‘what motivates each character, and each player.

Ifthe chanactersove Sabbat, Rad's invitation ischoaked ax
an imperative from a cardinal loyal to the Sword of Caine.

Tie Diane 9 Moo


‘Older and experienced characters who can read between the
lines know that Radu's bold letter isn't really a command but
a marvelous opportunity. The chance to uncover the true
nature of Kupala should be enough to motivate the characters
to investigate further, Radu has no trouble finding support for
hhisactivities Although the Sabbat Inquisition hasn't begun
Yet the sect still worries about demon worshippers within
their ranks. The rumors of an ancient evi slumbering be-
neath the Transylvanian Tsimisce force the sect into
immediate action.

If the chavacters ave in the Camarilia, then Rad's missive
(or Tiberio'sspeech) mentions that Cardinal Bist has gained
thesupportofthe Viennese Ventrue in stoppingLond Dracula.
This is posible because of his familiarity with Nova Arpad,
an ect Blue Blood who has spent centuries expanding het
influence inthe region. Since Nova has spent centuries as an
intermediary between Eastern European Ventrue and
Tremere, she has risen to a position of esteem asthe Ventrue
Frimogen of Vienna, Radu has arranged a meeting between
the characters and Nova to discuss theit common threat.

If the characters ave independent (as is the case with
Raynos, Giovanni, Assimites, Setites, most bloodlines and
unaligned Kindred of any stripe), Tiberiu contacts them on
Radu's behalf, stressing the threat of Lord Dracula. He also
statesthat the Ravnos who invited him to Vienna infamously
defies the Traditions throughout the Camarilla cities of
Europe; Vladislav continues to destroy what fragments of
respectability the Ravnos still have. If their conspiracy gath-
ets enough information on the current crisis, they may earn.
the gratitude of the Habsburg Ventrue, prestation from the
‘Viennese Kindred of even assistance from the highest ech-
clons of the Tremere. For outsiders to Camarilla society, such
an opportunity is hard to refuse.

Resandles of who is involved. Rath' mestage mentions
place tomeet. The conspiracy isto assemble on Friday night
at the Cafe Elan, Viennese coffeehouse. A date and time are
set. If any character arrives late, Nova waits for them each
evening at the proscribed time until the conspiracy has
assembled. the characters are not membersofthe Camarilla,
Nova has obtained letter from the prince announcing therm
ss accepted guests within the city. Each letter is signed by
Prince Leopold and marked with his wax seal. Because of
traditions preserved since the Dark Ages these guests should
‘immediately appear before the prince to thank ie for his
hospitality. This implies an obligation to respect the prince's
domain, at least until the tome is found and Dracula is
stopped. OF course, a character may forego this arbitrary
‘etiquette and become Autarkis...

‘Vienna has many Cainite visitors, but few remain in the
city for lang. Because the local morral population is barely
sufficient to support the Kindred who claim domains inthe
ity, Prince Leopold has strict demands regarding feeding in
‘Vienna. Visitors are allowed to hunt in che villages surround:
ing the city, but they cannot fred in the heart of Vienna

without the prince's permission. They may being their own
shouls,hendsoreven pets tosate their thirst, but Vienna lacks
the kine to support the dozens of vampires who visit each
year. Most visiting Kindred only stay for a few nights and
leave. Thus, Rac recommends that the characters actquckly
‘With so many factions descending on the city, hunting
should become extremely dificult.

Scene Two:

Tre Consprracy GATHERS

Picture a Viennese cafe in the early evening. The city is
home to hundreds of such establishments. Inside, gas laraps
wanly illumine the cracked plaster walls. The aroma of coffee
thangs in the air, and the eusrrus of the patrons carries the
latest news from the world of the kine. Nearby, intellectuals
«discuss the city's many politcal parties. The next election ts
only afew months away. A few tables over, an artiste critiques
one of Grillparser's plays, King Ottohan's Rise and Fall. Appar
ently, a wealthy patron has paid to have it rewritten as an
‘opera, and the adaptation debuts tonight. By an open win-
dow, two elderly gentleman play a game of chess. They
occasionally mutter about how much the city has changed
since they were young.

Relaxed mortals discuss the events and issues of the day.
Newspapers in French, English, and German (the local
language), ese on sofas, scttees and chairs, providing the
‘most recent updates on events in other parts of the world.
With true Victorian etiquete, the patrons are civil and kind.
‘As the tables fil, many of the mortals here sip thei coffe ot
leave it untouched as they are drawn into animated discus-
sions. A cup of coffee is expensive here, but well worth the
price. Visitors pay handsomely forthe cafe's ambiance of
social progress, intellectual debate an artistic appeeciation.
(Cafe Ela isan idea place for Kindred to watch dhe unfolding
drama ofthe living world.

"The caf is located in the Ringstrasse, an arca of town
that has prospered since the ascension of Emperor Franz
Joseph. Nova Arpad can be found warching the procession of
‘mortals from the shadows, occasionally using Auspex to
overhear a choice plece of gowip. As promised, she sits
behind an array of high tea regalia in a remote comer of the
room, awaiting the character" tral. She ts dresses tn the
hight of Victorian fshion. Her je-black har cascades down
the buck of her lavender dress. With a look both regal and
‘predatory she watches the room over a teacup. The warm
‘vapors bring 2slighe erg of color to her cheeks. Beside her,
«handsome young ghoul sips Maraschino liqueur; the cafes
‘owner has just received a fresh shipment from Dalmatia.

The ghoul seems slightly nervous as he watches the
‘crowd. Nova merely smiles when the first conspirator arrives.
‘Sabbat vamperes may feel slightly uncomfortable; afterall
the Vienna Camarilla anticipates the arrival of the Black
Hand. Nonetheless, Nova introduces herself respectfully to
cach character, regarding them much as she would a Trimisce

Toone Gromcus NV


around the inner city. hima
«horse-drawn hackney along its circumference, observ
ing Gothic, Mediterranean, Renaissance and Classical
sachirecture within a few blocks of each other. 1

or fellow Ventrue during the Long Night, before divisions of
sect and clan tore the Childer of Caine further apart.

The characters may have met somewhere ele before-
hhand or make their entrances one by one; it makes no
differcnce. Give the characters a chance to react to nearby
conversations while they're waiting. Soon the conspiracy is
assembled at a table in the back of the room. Nova offers
‘escort them to a private room where they can talk undis-
turbed. Her muscular ghoul stands outside as she offers
hospitality to her guests. Although there may have been,
‘much unpleasantness between the characters and Nova cat-
lier in the chronicle (particularly in Act Two of Dark Tides
Rising). she is uncharacteristically relaxed. A perceptive of
‘omantic vampire might even suspect she isin love.

Nova is quick to downplay the struggle berween the
‘Camarilla and the Sabbat, stating that some dangers tran-
scend such desultory boundaries. After dropping Cardinal
Radu'same.she summarizes what she knows about Viadishav,
"an infamous Deceiver who is coming to Vienna to offer up
an ancient tome to the highest bidder." The Ravnos sent
messengers to representatives of three different factions.
Each received a handwritten copy ofthe book's first page to
verity its authenticity, The Viennese Tremere are thnilled at
the prospect of obtaining the Incunabubam, already knowing
ies worth. However, as an affront to the Camarilla, Viadislav
thas alto extended the offer to a second faction, a Sabbat
conspiracy known as the Black Hand. And, of course, Radu
thas already mentioned the third faction: Dracula's Axes,
sinister minions of the Son of the Dragon.

Nowa hus heard numerous rumors of what the book
contains. Since she is a far more skilled politician than
cccultist, she's unsute which stories are the most accurate.
Allegedly, the book can be identified by an elaborate sigil on,
lts cover: a "star" with 13 points. Some speculate that the
pages within contain the secrets of koldunic sorcery, possibly
through insights into natural spirits, Others insist that the
tome may actually be used to control Kupala, granting its
owner a servant of ungodly power.

Because of these rumors, Nova's primary concern is that
‘Vind Dracula should not gain possession of te book. He has
tried to summon Kupala before. He must not be allowed to do
50 again. Recently, Dracula attempted to shatter the Mas-
‘querade; he ts too unpredictable to ever be entrusted with,
such power. Because she knows of the reputation of the
characters (or their sires), Nova hopes that the conspiracy
finds the tome, or at least ensures that Dracula does not

NovAARpap
Then if

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Celebrant

Apparcat Age: cay 308:

Embrace: 1050

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity.

Paragsnap trio dpryesat 0,

‘Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wisr4

Talents: Alertnes 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Expression 5,

Grace 4, Intuition 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5 |

Skills Cn 2, Briquotte: 3, Performanice 2, Ride 2.)

Knowledges: Academics 3, Iovetpation 2, Law 3, Lin

genta Peck Cape peseagcmnen oaaand

2,Oceal 1, Politics $

Dic Am 2, Apes Cait 2. Do

nate 6, Fortitude 4, Obfuxcate 3, Potetice I, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Herd 3, Influence 3, Resources 5, Sean 4 |

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3,Courage4 |

Morality: Humanity 5 {

Willpower: 6 |

Tue Kuvpnenor Vienna

‘Toaid the conspiracy in tstask, Nova recommends afew
Kindred its members may wish to consult. The first step
‘toward evaluating the problem is piecing together what the
various claro already know. Since Nova labors under the
{delusion thar primogen ae the most qualified to speak fr the
clans, she recommends talking with them first. Also, Nova
‘casually mentions that one of the more knowledgeable Kin-
<dred in Viera sher whip, Gustavus. She can abo summarize
the current political situation in the city,

Three Toreador have domains in Vienna. Foremost
among them is Prince Leopold. The Viennese Toreador
cedure the same problem as their counterparts in Paris
because of the city's reputation as an artistic haven, the
prince is besieged with Degenerates who want to prove they
are worthy of establishing a domain here. Leopold ties of
«tis. Contrary tothe stereotype, he isnot an artist a fop or a
dandy. He sa politician and diplomat, one ofthe few whocan,
keep peace between the incredibly influential Habsburg
Ventrue and the magi of Clan Tremere.

‘Ta Donne Moor

B


As for tonight, the Viennese Toreador are preoccupied
with a féte they are holding at the Imperial Opera House. The
prince attends, but no douby is besieged by fawning harpies
who wish to fully experience what many Toreador call the
"musical capital of the world." Camarilla characters may steal
‘enough time from him to observe the Fifth Tradition and
introduce themselves. Non-Camarilla characters may enjoy
the scandal of obeying the same tradition and ensuring the
prince they ean be dsctet.

The Tremere ar offended if the characters don't rush to
consult them at once. The conspiracy may want to visit
‘Forschnit, the newest Vienna chantry. There, they can prob-
ably obtain an audience with the chantry's master librarian,
Comte Augustine d'Erlette. Although the chantry already
has a reputation among the breathing as an extensive private
\ibrary, reconstruction in the Ringstrase allowed the War-
Jocks to add a series of underground chambers to house their
mont valuable tomes, Etrius also has a haven in the Inner Stadt.
However, he loath to receive visitor, reserving his home for
‘his penonal observances and frequent periods of torpor.

Although Etrius i sill at the top of the Warlock's
pyramid of power, the current Tremere primagen is Andan
Lane. Tread lightly — like the Toreador, the Tremere re-
ceive many vistors "ust passing through town." Many are

‘eager toprove their loyalty to theirelders. Although only four
Tremere claim extensive domain in the city (and one i in

torpor), itis widely known that Ardan is organizing cabal of
foreign magi to search the city for Vladislav and the tome

‘Astor the Ventrue, the characters may either find Nova
Arpad at the Cafe Elan or Schonbrunn Palace, Emperor
Fran Joseph's summer estate. The Emperor usually retires
‘early to his home in the Inner Stadt and rises prompely at
dawn. This gives the three Viennese Ventrue and theit
frequent visitors an opportunity to meetin Kabinetkanale,
the emperor's private office. Nova offers to have her ghoul
wait for the conspiracy in one comer ofthe court park should
they require an audience with her.

No Beujah have permanent domains in. Vienna, but
there is one Gangrel. His name is Leéa, and he faithfully
serves as Keeper of Elysium. Because of the high number of
‘Camarilla "tourists," Vienna has several area of permanent
Elysium, including Schinbrunn Palace, the Belvedere, the
Hofbung Estate (and its Wintet Riding School), the Imperial
‘Opera House and several others. Most of these places are
surrounded by vast public parks. Lesinisfighefully busy since
moot of his nights are spent patrolling a» many arcas of
Elysium as he can.

'Novahasa low opinion of Malkavians in general,butshe
's pleased to hear that Lord Adolph Nonesuch is in town.
Despite his strange name be the sanest and most insightful
Lunatic she has ever met. Asa renowned scholar and aliens,
hhe cam often be found visiting #19 Bergestrasse, the office of
Doctor Freud. Nonesuch has abo studied under the esteemed

Kindred archaeologist, Aristotle de Laurent, and is wel:
schooled in prophecy and lore.

Finally, two Nowerats maintain permanent domains in
Vienna. Alexander, a rather resourceful Sewet Rat, brokers
information in Vienna's storm tunnels and sewer systems
‘Don't spend too much time looking for hime it issaid that if you
really need his services, he finds you. Ifthe conspiracy is
ndiscreet, Nova cautions, they may alsoencounter the second
Noweratu. Vaclav Petalengro, Vienna's sheriff and scourge,
performs hisduties swiftly and silently. Fledglingsand neonates,
whohave nohusnessin townhaveahabitofdaappeanng Not
surprisingly, Vaclav n't seen much either.

‘There is one last fact Nova cannot reveal, for none of the
Vienna Kindred sispect i: Sheriff Vaclav has been silenced
forever. He has already met Final Death at the hands of
Arcanum hunters. Blood has been shed, and Vienna's tran-
quil peace is about to be shattered.

ELDensann InprvipuAts

Nova has suggested characters consult with the
city's primogen, the individuals she believes are best
tformed about current events in Vienna. Before they |
do s0, one caveat is necemary. Though each of these |
klersbelieveshe speaks forhisclan asawhiole,clansare
collections of individuals Pimogen pretend thatclans |
ave unified affiliations to prop up their own
power: Elders lke to believe that within any given city.
‘each clan is of one mind, but this s rely the case.

Clan Ventrue tikes credit for the achievements of |
the Habsburg dynasty, as Clah Tremere does for the
‘Golden Dawn; but in theend, historical movementsare |
‘often the results of individuals, or at least the machina-
tionsof individual vampires. This act s easiest vo finish
\fvoutonly portray the Vienna's elders but you can adh |
depth by having adltional Kindred contradict the |
‘opinions of the primogen: Members of the same clan
don't des or act the se; chere's na reason to have)
them think the sme.

Scene Turee:
RecervinG RECOGNITION

Previous Austrian monarch settled forthe constrvction,
ofaustere and functional buildings, but Empetor Fran: Joseph
hhas made rejuvenating the city and its arta priority, paricu-
larly in the Ringstrasse. Since the emperor's coronation —
and the rise of Prince Leopold — the Austrian government
hhas sponsored great works of architecture in Vienna. The
Imperial Opera Howse, of Seaatioper, was the fit of the
Rirygtrase's grand buildings to reach completion. The fist
‘per performed there wat Morat's Don Giowann in 1869.

(Operaisnotan obscure artform in Vienna. Citizens from
all strata of mortal society enjoy the lavish performances
‘While the wealthy can afford theater boxes or balcony seats,
the common folk swarm into areas 20 packed that only

Tuwsnvana Gronciss V

4


standing room (6 available. Those who arrive eatly tie ban
dannas along the
whoamve late pr

ws to mark prime spotsas theirs. Those
ly bought adiscounted ticker at the last
moment and deserve what they get
Safely ensconced within a modest theater box inthe rear
ofthe theater hal. P opold marvels at what his clan
hhavachieved (orat least taken credit or). Tonight, tocar his,
favor, « Toreador dramaturge has financed an adaptation of
of the most esteemed works of Austrian literature, The
Rise and Fall of Kine Ottokar, The spectacle is grand enough ta
completely distract Leopold from mutterings about Sabbat
spies and skulking Ravnos. Even a few Ventrue tum out
After all, it was Rudolf IV's victory over the Ortoman King
(Octokar in 1278 that frst established the Habsburg dynasty
in Vienna. A few Blue Bloods here remember that era fondly
The Habsburg Ventrue ate enchanted with Leopold's
<laima to princedom. He does not "control" Viena as many
Kind there Instead, he ica diplomat
who joothes tensions between the most powerful Kindred of
the city. The scene the characters witnest here isa testimony
atience. Because he skillfully manages political dis
to indulge tm purely artistic
Dejenerates fill the hallways
the prince's theater box, all eager to impress the
jus und remain in Vienna. The
hickering, jeslousies and

peices proclaim

Snippixe THe Opena'

‘Your players may decide wy ie akip the opera. figuring |
ittmay be easier to find the pince liter in the weekend. This
thas two complications. Fit, the prince's social ealendar is
full, He has any ach affat all weekend. I the characters
dho't obow ag they may preferag meet the prince st ar
‘cquestrian demonstration of fine Austrian aallions in the
Winter Riding School, an exhibit of Gustav Klime's new
‘paintings in one of Vienna's museutns of ome mia aft
‘Unorummsiely, the Toreaor's Degenerate est ey for
the whole weekend, allowing the Storytellerachance ro run
this same scene later ata different location. j

The second complication fv inoce viciout: Nova has
tread told the prince sbout her guests. they don't show
up, Prince Leopold makesianoffhandetaatktothe Tremere
primogen later that night: Who are these egotistical Kin
dred! Why didn'cthey show up? What are they really doing |
in Vienna? Scene Stx details some possible consequences
for skipping ths gala

an audience with the prince of Vienna. Here's a chance for
the mote socially skilled charset.
While Prince Leopold master
the other three Viennese Toreador are some of the most
hharpies in Europe. The first ts an accomplished
sed pei
Viennese luminaries, includ

0 the for
hhandles diplomacy

Beethoven and


Brahms. How can Kindred compete with such talented
‘mortals? The second isa rebellious neonate amused by the
Secessionists. He closely observes the early career of Gustav
Klimt and the burgeoning of art novea; Kindred poseurs
towoke his wrath. The third Degenerate is the patron of
tonights opera — any who find fault with it should prepare
for devastating social retribution.

While the emperor's entourage gathers for tea a few
‘ooms sway, ambitious Toreador flock inthe hallways. Those
who gather here are observant and savvy Kindred eager for
scandal. Allare as adept at Auspex as they are at humiliating
those who do not belong. Regandless of whatever scraps of
peper the characters obtained from Nova and Tiberi, a
‘pasionate Kindred offended by boorish behavior doesn't stop
to read them. Rudeness of any kind may inspire a nearby
sgentleman duelis to challenge the lout faster than you can
say "breach of the Maxquerade."

Prince Leopold isso swarmed with sycophants that he
Ihasn't ad chance to enjoy the performance. His patience
‘uns short. Characters who force theit way in to see him must
‘rassseveral ghouls who sort out who has the prince's favor and
‘whodoesnot. Anyone here to introduce themuelves should he
‘made to wait to show how esteemed Leopold realy is

‘Ifthe characters insist on being recognized but you do
‘not wish to roleplay the situation, one member of the con:
spiracy mnt eaceend on » Manipulation + Etiquette roll
{difficulty 7) to approach the situation correctly. Ifshe fails,
the characters must petition someone else who is entering.
‘Thissalmont invariably met by the same question: "Who are
you, and why should I know you? Subterfuge or Expression,
tolls may be necessary (oexplain why they are more than just
another coterie of social climbers wanting to make their
havens in Vienna.

W any charscters are thrown out of the performance
scandal results. Consulting the city's primogen is more diffi
cult once the hagpies spread the news. Although no one tld
the characters the opera house is Elysium tonight. Anyone
caught using Obfuscate to sneak inside (in an opera howe
attended by numerous Toreador, this is not easily done)
‘causes an even greater outrage.

Between acts of the opera, the characters are escorted to
the prince. lnour world, Otzokar waa 0 innovative dat was
‘booed on its opening night — the audience didn't "get it."In
the World of Darkness, Ventrue patricians have poured
‘money into the production. The spectacle on stage speaks of
the omate, elaborate and decadent artistic tastes of the
Toreador. Dull rumors about demons and the Black Hand
«cannot compete. The mortal audience, unaware of the Kin-
dred influence, is awed by the grandiose performance

‘As the characters approach Prince Leopold, they see he
i» a wealthy Victorian aristocrat wearing immaculate and
‘outrageous fashions. If Lord Byron seduced Oscar Wilde's
sister, their union would produce the same ostentatious
peavock. Leopold cells the characters to introduce

themselves quickly. He'sdone this 0 many times before that
the is not surprised by anything. The prince has been over-
helmed with too many stories of every possible detail of
‘undead life in Vienna. He's incredibly jaded. "Yes, yes,
demon book... Sabbat spies. Transylvanian Tsimisce count.
Very good." Atthe bezinningof the Transylvania Chronicles,
the thought of 30 many elder vampires in the same city was
astounding. By now, the prince considers it commonplace
Leopold is confident that the local Kindred can sort out the
‘current problem.

(Camarilla characters are rushed through thee lineage;
the prince does not dwell on them for lang. Vampires wh
announce themselves as members of the Sabbat actually
amuse him. since Nova rks her reputation by speaking up toe
her old acquaintances (or even worse, the childer of her old
acquaintances). He briefly stares that his primogen are open
minded, but the city's neonates may not undertand why
followers of the Sword of Caine ate in theie city

After a perfunctory remark about being discreet ("Tknow
you will observe the Masquerade, for if you don't shall leave
you to the amusement of the scounge."), he shusbes them and
resumes watching the play. Relaying every detail of the
‘curene dilemma tothe prince is pointless. There is, however,
‘one opportunity to triumph here. Any of the characters who
score five succemes on an appropriate Social roll (Charisma
+ Friquerte, Manipulation + Politics, Appearance + Seduc-
tion oF the like) impresses Prince Leopold 3o much that he
sans the characters the right to feed inside the city.

PrixceLeoporn ae |

an

Moe Homnity 6

Tuner Ononcus V


Scene Four:
Tre Tremere CHANTRY

Prior to the Ringstrase Era and the restoration af the
city, the population of Vienna was relatively small, By 1850,
Errius, Augustine, 0 Toreador prince and a Habsburg Ventrue
held the only stable domains among a population of about
400,000 kine. Although the population occasionally surged
‘with visting Kindred, the walls ofthe city had kept Vienna's
boundaries contained since the Dark Ages. In such modest
times, the Tremere lacked a massive Viennesse chantry to
intimidate neonates. Tremere summoned to Vienna were
‘often simply called before Etrius in his haven.

Over the last century, the city's mortal population has
almost tripled, and the Viennese Tremere have responded
ccondingly. Exrius has always held an ungodly amount of
influence here, especially since Prince Leopold refuses wo force
his will upon the local Tremere. When Etrius demanded the
‘construction of a more suitable monument for his clan, the
prince did not oppose the decision. Foruchritt is an elaborate
beary within the walls ofa former church. Behind this facade,
the Warlocks have built a temple to occu knowledge.

‘Tremere throughout the world know that when a War-
lock is called to Vienna," he may return forever changed by
whatever happens in the chthonie depths of Forschrit. The
‘Tremere do not tread lightly up the marble steps of this
Gothic fortress. Allegedly, an Antediluvian shumbers in the
sancnam sanctorum of this edifice. The security around it is
commensurate with this task. Noone entersor leaves without
the permission of Clan Tremere.

‘THe Vienna CHANTRY!

In 1853, a deranged tilldr attempted 10
Emperor Franz Joseph in, the town called che
Molker-Bastet. The city took up a to build a
imamive church opposite thae oe

completed its construction |

a rather ostentatious private library. Since then, scholars
thaoaghiour the woxkd have teived opener ote
studies among the stacks of Fortschritt. ¥

AGornicFortaess

‘Two stone gargoyles wait faithfully a the bortom of the
cchantry's marble stars. When the moon is right, their eyes
sce glare at jusers-by. Ifa vampire is folbuandy enough 9
rap the ion rng bolted in the building's massive cak doors,
his presence i eventualy acknowledged. Knocking isn't nee-
‘esary; through their command of Auspex, Tremere in the
‘ovibule know when they have visitors, just asthe tron ing on

the door is raised, 9 narrow sit opens, revealing licles: eyes
peering from within. Once the conspiracy can prose their
business by showing Leopold's letter, the doors swing wide

Sopplicants are admitted to the outer chambers of the
chantry. The coterie feels. cold chill a every magus wating
fnthe labby turn slowly andicrutinises them. Vornpires who
have introduced themselves as supporters of the Sabbat
should feel even worse as they heat the oaken doors creaking
shut behind them. Should extra security be needed (sa, in
the presence of one of Gorntrix's house), thece manive
Gargoyle vampires surround the characters like faithful
hounds, awaiting orders to rend and slay.

The waiting Warlocks part like the Red Sea as August-
fine enters the antechamber. Long black cobs dat trail
behind her augment her aristocratic bearing as she glides
1ncross the floor. Her cold blue eyes gaze off into infinity ashe
apprcaches. Like the subject she studies, she isnot wholly of
this world. She appears about forty and is urumually thin.
Deferentially, the Tremere around her nod and appeat to
‘exchange greetings without uttering a sound. Save for foot-
falls,any sounds made by the character are met with iy stares.

"Yousreexpected,"says Aujustine. "Enterour temple of
knowledge. will escort you tothe vestry." She does not give
her name, nor does she speak again until she reaches the altar
Passing through velvet curtains, Augustin leads the charac-
ter into the nave of the church. A massive room where
services were once eld has been converted to the first room
‘ofthe library. None isallowed beyond this point without an
Invitation, promoting the mystique of an eccentric private
collection. Since Vienna houses 10 many museums and
hears, this hardly seems unusual. Scholars are oxi folk
particulaly inthe Victorian Er,

Visitors allowed inside marvel atalibeary compiled over
eight centuries. Ghoul librarians scurry through the stacks,
making sure that pawvate conversations remain discreet and
that no one speaks above a whisper. Despite the expensive
leather upholstery and exquisite fumishings, privileged visi
{ory may already suspect that this is mesely the fag ofthe
real collection. Layers of Thausmaturgical wards preserve the
ilusion and prevent scrying of any kind into the lower level,
magical or otherwise.

The buttressed ceilings, massive paintings and great
‘open spaces rising toward heaven were once meant to make
‘one seem small next to the might of God. The same architec-
ture now reverently speaks ofthe majesty of Clan Tremere
This isa temple erected to the glory of occult knowledge.
‘Where there were once pews now stand shelves fll of heavy
tomes. Where candles once burned to illuminate hymnal,
they now light the way for the undead to uncover the
mysteries ofthe cosmos. and exploit them. Throughout the
fins floor,one sessmallconclaves seated incitclesof massive
chairs. Magi gaze at each other in the depehs of silent
‘communion, never speaking.

Tee Dune wy Moowor

u


=
scm
SMT

i vastatll|
welt UN
‘Tit

Augustine leads her guest
temple. Along the
thrown wide. Du

¢al scenes illuminated by the nacreous li
shaft of moonlight falls on the alt
circles of black candles and "religious" relics aw:
puests dare not ask about
On either side ofthe alta, cies
into shadowy corridor: beneath the
stand beside each entrance, looking ready to crush any
unwelcome gueat. Wandin, powerful Thaumaturgy and vg
lant ghouls prevent interlopers in the lower levels from
making it far. Any foolish Cainites who get clear to the
legendary sanctum sanctorim whete Tremete shumbers may
forfeit their very souls. A powerful force repels anyone who
approaches the stairway, regardless of generation, magical
streneth or intent. Shadows dance along the comer of the
stairway, hinting atthe horrors behind the veneer of civility
con the firs flooe
Instead of aking the dreadful journey below, the
comepieacy'thout excorts them to.a vestry on the fir floor."
arn Augustine, iis of Celestyn, guardian ofthe Outer Circle
[honor you with the chance to visit out humble temple so
that you may sce what we treasure, We have ten to power by
leaming the deepest of the world's mysteries. We wish ta
guard the threatening secrets contained within the tome you
seek. The Incunatuion could unleash great danger should it
fall toto the wrong hands. Thus, I offer my services as &
consuleant to prevent Lord Dracula and the odious Black
luence over a force they cannot con
tod" Polite inquites then yield a

THE SIONSOF KupALa

Whether the characters have survived every chapter of
the Transylvania Chronicles or merely want a glimpse of
Victorian Vienna, they may be wise enough to inquire about
the signs of Kupala's awakening. Augustine firmly believes
that thedemon's return threatens more than the realms ofthe
living and the undead. She certain tha the awakening of the
‘Anteitwvians follows Kupala's recur. The demon's stirring
heralds the earliest nights of Geena

the characters are new tothe saga, Augustine s cryptic,
stating that six signs of some terrible prophecy have been
fulfilled and two remain. After all, your players may want £0
uncover the eatler signs on their own in series of flashhacks
Later. f your troupe has played through the chronicle, August
discusses the sx signs and their significance to put events int
ferpective. The chronicle summary in Chapter One details
the signs witnessed 4o far and how they came to pas. The
appendix also details the prophecies. Augustine & eager t
clarify het opinions reganding the Eight Ages theory. She i


Karrie Naina Gaskeoriie ove)
Enigmas 2, Investigation 4, pay eat
(Thaurmarucgy) 4 Politics 2, Research 4.
omepalha hencbeas ay

Virtues: Canaclenc3. Sot-Caritnl 3, Compe?

Willpower: 7.

ne

clan needs to prevent the coming ofthe End Times.
‘Augustine has un unusual interpretation of the Fourth
‘Sign, which concerns the Dragon in the East. According to
‘Atapustine, Vlad Dracula of Wallachia is clearly the dragon.
Anything that aids Dracula's ascent to power, such as the
Incunabulom, heralds the coming of the Final Nights. This is

‘why she must aid anyone who can prevent Vlad from obtain-
ing the book.

Deepen Secnets

A resourceful conspiracy may try to call upon other
‘Tremere they have met. especially if they have previously
performed services for the Warlocks. While some of Vienna'
Kindred are distracted by other concems, the Tremere are
fanatically interested in any information about the tome and
itswhereabouts. Theirprimogen, Ardan Lane. isunavailable.
‘bur ifthe characters ask to consult a member of higher rank,
you might grant them a brief audience with Etrius himself.

Erriusdoes not allow visitors to arrive at hishaven inthe
Inner Stadt unannounced — several Warlock neonateshave
teen reduced to ash for such presumption — but he may
schedule an appointment with the conspiracy at Fortschrit.
He insists that his clan must have this tome and spares no
effort to get it. Any petition for aid is mer with stronger
demands from Etrius. If the characters owe him any huge
favors by the end of thisstory, he most certainly collecsthem
in the next chapter.

Scene Five: EXPLORATIONS
AND CONSULTATIONS

‘Once the characters consult Nova and Augustine, the
drama can take several paths. For the time being, the con
spiracy can choose which Kindred to consult in their search
for Vladislav and the Incunabulum. The character' inter
views with local Kindred, explorations of the city and
encounters with theit rivals can be run in any order: the
‘events in Scenes Five and Stx are nonlinear. Regardlew ofthe
approach they choose, all paths eventually lead to the same
destination: the cemetery in Scene Seven.

‘The conspiracy must act quickly, for within a matter of
nights, the hunters Vladislav led to the citv slaughter moce
Kindred. Vladislav has already given them the information
they need tokill thesherif. After disabling the lone defender
with a mystic assault and dispatching him swifty, the inwes-
tigators have greater freedom to search the city. Once blood
is spilled and all discretion lost, the violence steadily ex:
lates. By the time a faction leams where the tome is hidden,
a very old rival assaults the conspiracy. Until then, let the
more social and intellectual characters env the eatl stages
of the investigation.

Wiuspeneo Rumors

Regardles: of whom the conspiracy consults, vicious
stories circulate among the Viennese Kindred. Alexander of
(Clan Nosferatu isthe only Kindred who gathers all these
stories, but each primogen knows at least one or two, In any
‘encounter with one of Vierna's vampiric elite, you might let
aa character eajole a fellow Kindred, using Manipulation +
‘Subterfuge, Charisma + Politics, Appearance + Etiquette or
some other Social roll to wheedle out the rumor. Here are few
of the salient facts:

— The Inquisition bumed hundreds of copies of the
Incunabulum. If Vladislav has one, he may be burned as wel.
Because the tome contains a wealth of occult knowledge, the
‘Arcanum must also be interested.

— Vaclav, the Nosferatu sherif is litle to efficient.
He is already a formidable warrior, His command of Obfus-
‘cate makes him lethal. He doeshis job as scourge so well hat
Prince Leopold has become somewhat liberal with the Thitd
‘Tradition, allowing too many Kindred to visit his city

— The sheriff confronted a pack of Ravnos in. the
Wurstelpracer several months ago. Since then, Gypsies and
‘other disteputable types have been running scams there
Some have set up a tent city in a nearby section of the public
park. As longa they work at the nearby camival, the police
don't harass them much.

— Alexander heard a rumor that Vladislav never actu
ally arived in Vienna, but may have already been caught by
the Inquisition. This rumor is incorrect, for the Arcanum is
actually responsible. Alexander withholds this information
until be can find the right price fori

‘Trt Donast pr Moor

»


Once all of these rumors are revealed, there és one last
scandal for the characters to investigate. This information
leads straight to Scene Seven.

— Something strange has been happening at one of the
local cemeteries. A. mortal spotted a deranged madman
leaping over the walls of the necropolis and screaming of
need for blood. Forrunately, the sheriff tracked him down and
descroyed him. Damn efficient, that Vaclav!

‘THe Wiup aT THe RATHAUS

The conspiracy may decide the visit Nova's whip,
‘Gustavus. Her protégé isan ambitious young vampire exhib
‘ting many of the traits Nova did centuries ago. She has
taught him the ways of mortal politics. He can usually be
found in either the Fartiamentt house or the town hall nearby.
Despite his talent, he alioembodies Ventrue arrogance at its
wont. His beliefs are extremely conservative, even for a
hegemonic domain like Vienna.

‘The Parliament building resembles a Corinthian temple.
‘The interior is rich with statuary, The town hall is a Gothic
‘building with open arcades and immense windows. Gustavus
‘has instructed his ghoul to waitin the lobby ofthe Parliament
bhaue to keep an eye out for the conspiracy. Although the
characters have not met him, he has received adescription of
them from Nova. After the characters state their business,
the ghoul leads them to a room filled with ledgers where
‘Gustavus sorts through minutiae.

How Gustavus reacts depends on who is present. Al-
though the Camarillahasextended an invitation ofmembership
twallof Caines chiller, Nova's whip looks down on so-called
"independent" vampires ns fools who have rejected the
CCamanil's generous offer. I the conspiracy raises any ques
‘tons about the Ravnos in particular, he rages. He considers
them all anarchists with litle to do but make unlfe hell for
powerful Ventnse. "Ugh! Dirty Gypsies, to the last!"

che characters sympathize with his attitudes, orat least
‘maintain theit composure, they lear partof the reason fori
hatred. Several months ago. a pack of Deceivers arived in
‘town and tried to.et up tents in the Wurtelprater, a part of
town known for its camivals and festivals. The Habsburg
‘Ventrve have little rolemance for that sort of thing. Gustavus
\mmeditely did the proper Ventrue thine — he dispatched
the sherif

"Damned rapscallions!" he exclaims. "We taught them
aleson. We won't see their kind here again!" Stick your nose
inthe ait: he'sa haughty hastard. He heags that if there are any:
Raynor in town, the Vienna Camarilla has methods of
dealing with them. The Gangrel Keeper of Elysium should set
‘pa patrol to drive them out like the curs they ae, and the
Noxfera: sheriff should swiftly eliminate them thereafter.
"No doube they will be triumphant!" he boasts. If the charac-
ters have already learned that the sheriff has met his Final
Death, Gustavusisshockedtohearofit, Within moments, he
‘becomes perulant, insisting that he must rerum en his work.

Ifthe characters are rude, ot flaunt the fact that they ee
Sabbat. Gustavus turns hostile. He throws in a remark about
postingextrasentriesnear the city'sgraveyandstopreventthe
Sword of Caine from spawning any more their kind. He
‘entertains the fase belief that all Subba vampires have the
same creation rites. According to Camarila legends. a priest
ritually buries them, they claw their way to the surface and
the poor bastards get bashed inthe head with ashovel. What
a brutish custom! Gustavus speaks to any professed Sabbat
with contempt. and after few brief remarks. insults them by
expressing his wih "that your visit should bea beiefone. And
you will tay clear of our cemeteries, won't you"

‘By Saturday or Sunday — within a night oF two of the
death ofthe sheriff — Ventrue begin to die. Gusta i the
first to disappear. He is staked by Arcanum hunters ot
tortured by the Black Hand. Hopefully, he isn't killed by the
characters fist

Gustavus

4
‘Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 1, Etiquette 3, Picea 3,
‘Security 2, Seealth 2)
eerie neste, Rene, nveiptin 2,

Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 2, Resources 4, Sans 2
Virewes: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
‘Morality: Humanity 5 3

Willpower: 7

Emperor Joseph is a meticulous man, His schedule és
rigorously documented and maintained. During the day, he
‘conducts business at Schonbrunn palace. At night, he reties
tothe State Apartments in the Hofburg Quarter of the Inner
Stadt. Knowing exactly where the emperor is at all times
benefits the Blue Bloods of Vienna immensely.

Nova is preparing for an upcoming assembly of the
legislature. After her evening "tea time," she can usually be
found at Schonbrunn Palace conferring with other Ventrue
long into the night. While she pores over stacks of books in
‘one of the estate's many libraries, her ghoul waits in the
Roman Ruins, a pretentious garden on the edge of the estate.
Because she's eager for a distraction, Nova listens to

Tessnvow Grows V


next. Once theie rivals increase the tension in Vienina
Alege is revoked.

Scene Six, this p

you enjoy

sale information if they can find out moee about the emperor
Ventrue. The Deceiven love to give the Vienna Blue
1 Treatment," especially within the sanctum of the

Habsburg Ventrue

MALKAVIANSAND Docror Freup
Although itis dangerous to make generalization
ing any assemblage of madmen, we may safe
ving from a clan o
sycholo
true than in Vienn

vision
cal and intellectual soci
Me

ity ate beans
‘of Vienna's most pro

father, but he has nc

conceming female hysteria. He keep
the day. He also works later for his
Currently, he teceives great deals of money

eecentne schola
has even offered his

compiling a series
"woophagy": a man
Several breache

ot the consumption of an
the Masquerade have be
work, expecially his pr

curious case of Renfield, Dracula's favorite gh
Lord Adolph seem
to appear sane. At any mo

ychohogrcal probe
Lord Adolph is familiar with,
‘of Cainite history that have
(see Chapter One's "Cin

Tre Doase  Mooune

3

few hourseach evening. Doc


‘Adolph Nonesuch can maintain his composure for hours
at a time, but he has a weakness: a strange fascination with
fire, Luckily, Doctor Freud's office is lit by electric lamps, as
are many of the wealthier homes. Ifthe characters ask the
Malkavian for advice, he says that he must meditate on the
problem. "Never fear! The answers toall problems," he states,
"are trapped within the depths of our own subconscious
minds." He walks toward a nearby candle, lights it and stares
into the flame. With concentrated effort, he temporarily
transforms himself into what he calls a "monster raving
erm... id." His Victorian manners fall by the wayside as he
‘begins babbling about where the characters should look next.

‘Consulting this Mallavian in the midst of this trance is
the ultimate techniaue for developing nonlinear subplots
Lord Adolph may provide clues as to who to consult and who
toignore, but can only doso with baling analogies and cryptic
inwights. One night, he may be certain the solution lies in
talking to a blind beggar in the Wurstelprater. while another.
the thinks cha the only the dead know the euth — he advises
digs up afew skulls inthe cemetery forthe anowers. Lord
‘Adoiph's tances never last more than 10 minutes. Once it
ends (probably when the Storyteller tsexhausted). he awakens
from his hypnotic state, reverts to the model of Victorian
decorum and bids his visitors good night.

Lorp Abo px Nonesuett f
Sth generation, chile of Baldr the Dogibody

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Perfectionist

Embrace: 1872

Physicals Scrength 2, Dexterity 3;St

Socials Charisma 3, Manipulation

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits

Talentss Alertness 2,

(aliens) 4

oe

{peamaccloy) 4, Ocal (memes) 4, Research 3,
Science (psychology) 4

Disciplines: Aisper 2D
Deke Conn Peg

Tide
emai Coast Scat 8 Oak
‘Movalicy: Humanity T J

Me Mie

ALOxANDeR INTHE STORM TUNNELS

Asa last resort, if your players are stumped, have a flunky
of the Nosferatu approach them. He's your fail-safe in case
your players near the end of the story and have missed some
particularly weful clue. Ifthe characters are crazy enough to

so trudging through the storm tunnels in their desperation,
‘one of Alexander's shoul finds them.

In the World of Darkness, the underground tunnels
beneath Viennaarea Victorian wonder. Just as Zeliosassisted
the construction of magnificent castles above ground, several
brilliant Sewer Rats designes! this labyrinth beneath the
earth, Massive tubes in Stypian darkness are tall enough for
a single man to stand upright. The tunnels are far more
extensive than they need tobe, and the most remote sections
are oaly accessible to workers with the correct keys past:
words of Protean powers for shifting into the form ofa rat, bat
‘oF mist. Zelios himself once visited this labyrinth; he gained
‘many unusual ideas for designs in the New World. lf H.G.
Wells. H.R. Giger and Jules Verne developed a sewage
system, it would look like this.

Not long after the conspiracy begins searching the storm
tunnels, they are surrounded by a mist that wats out of a
broken pipe along the wall. Within moments, ashor, grubby
‘man regards the characters with a curious air. He wears an
elaborate tailored suit stained with muck. Tiny spectacles
perch on his monstrously hooked nove. Although Alexander
is eager to trade information, he doesn't give it out for free. If
the characters can update him on current events in Vienna
or any other city — he can offer up some rumors as trade.

{fyou want another interlude in Vienna before proceed-
ing to the next chapter, this encounter can set off «eather
‘vicious subplot. The Nosferatu primogen is not who he
appears to be. Alexander is rathet well traveled: he has
changed his appearance while trivelling from city w city,
‘gathering the most useful commodity a Sewer Rat can xc-
<uire: information. He sill evades a blood hunt placed upon
|him by the former Prince of Mediasch, Nova Arpad.

Because Obfuscate can be countered by particularly
perceptive Kindred, he hao instead fleshcrafted every peck
of his appearance. This is an extremely painful habit for a
‘Nosferatu to adap, since a Sewer Rats appearance cannot be
‘permanently altered by Vicissitude. Because his old deformi-
(es eventually uur, Ise roa nightly escubpt his tocured
visage. Only his skills as a consummate actor and master
fleshcrafte allow him to hide his true identity. He is actually
‘quite skilled at deception: "he" is actually a "she." Ruxandra
vf Clan Nosferava prefers to remain i position eo watch
Nova Arpad very closely.

RAVNOSATTHe WURSTELPRATER

Gustavus sooke of Ravnos gathering in the "Prater."
‘Several primogen have heard of Gypsies finding work there.
‘Characters who travel to this section of town are hardly
surprsedat tsconnection with the Ravnos. The Wurtelpeater
{6 a series of long avenues where entertainers offer a wide
variety of amusements. Hundreds of booths compete for
attention. Organ music echoes through narrow alleys. Bark-
‘enannounce chances tosee legless ladies, preserved mermaids
and African pyemies.

Twn Grows

R


"ALEXANDER"
Sth geneeation, elke of Marusca
Nature: Celebrant

erength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 3

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 3
Mentals Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Whey 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Larceny 3, Subterfuge (expionage) 5

Skills: Body Crafts (impersonation) 4, Herbalism 2,
Melee (knife) 3, Performance 5, Stealth 4, Survival 2
Knowledges: Academics 1, Investigation 3, Linguistics
(German, Hungarian) 2, Occult 3, Politics 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Herd 2, Influence 4, Re-

sources 5, Status 4
Virrwes: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2. Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4

During the day, children delight athe sight of Punch and:
Judy puppet shows. In the evening, frustrated husbands and
workers vent thetr anger at Watichenmenn: punching dolls
with swollen cheeks. The mont remurkable landmark is titanic
emis whect completed only last yeat Instead carrying faigoers
{tn cramped seats, the whee! has 18 small rooms attached along.
tts periphery; each holds several people comfortably

‘Ciwemaric Geoonapn

The Ferris wheel in the Wurstelpeater und the sewers
of Vienna are shou ies The Third Mam,'a poset epi.
nage thriller with Orson Welles. Some Storytellers like to
leave a movie running on the VCR while their players
semble. On the evenings when you mnticipate scenes set
either ofthese lations, thisfilm iran excellent choice

(Clever characters may tack down one ofthe local Gp
ties, oF ever a Deceiver ot tw. Diplomatic characters mig
even get some information out of them. Because of th
wandering weap. any Ravnoswhohave appeaedinthechroncl
‘centuries ago may tum up here. Once the Romanian Gypsies
arrive, someone may recognize the childe of Iydor Torenu,
Delicbieta,a Ravn who may be extensively familar with the
conspiracy from earlier in the Transylvania Chronicles.
Ofcourse, the connection between Rave and Gypsies
has always been exaggerated. The conspiracy may wind up
harassing Rromawhoknow nothingaboutthe TaltosRavnos


‘Some may instead scam the characters ifthey ae insistent in
theirdemands. Ifthe conspiracyean actually cometaRavnos,
she might bargain what she knows, Malkavians are chal-
lenged to games of chance, Ventrue asked to part with lage
sums of money. Gangrel might trade valuable information
from other parts of Europe of even promise to help the
Deceiverstravel tothenextcity. The Ravnosand the Gypsies
‘might know a few particularly important facts:

— Generally, the Ravnos have a fierce hatred of the
Rogues, the Ravnos antimbu. The Deceivers are happy to
betray their presence to the Camarlla if they know of one.

— Many Ravnos have heard the full story of Vassily
alton' betrayal (described in earlier installments of this
chronicle). Viadislay has reasons for dine what he does. He
doesn't act merely out of a tendency toward chaos, as some
Camanitla lunkies believe

—Vassilyschilde, Vindisly,isloved by some Deceivers
but loathed by others He saherohecaumeafhisepic wheres
against Ventre princes. He isa villain among the Deceivers
because many Ravnos get blamed for things he has done.

— Because Vladislav is infamous among the Ravnos,
they take great delight in heating of his victories and defeats.
Lf the characters can offer anything to the Ravnos (especially
anything Nova told them about the Habsburg Ventrue oF
Emperor Fran: Joseph), they reveal a rumor that Vassily has
heen derained by hunters

— If the characters offer to misinform the prince and
‘primogen about the number of Ravnos that are in town,
they offer theit assistance in return. They watch for any-
thing unusual and even have their Gypsy relations watch
during the day, If they learn that the characters have ties to
‘Transylvania, they say that « kumpania fleeing Romania is
in town,

= Hany of dhe chunacters spent centuries scathing the
{oreas of Transylvania, they have no problem spocting the
traditional dres ofa small family of Romanian Gypsies in the
nearby tent city If this happens, the conspiracy may recog
lar one of them in Scene Seven.

Once the characters accumulace this information,
there's one last rumor to disclose. Ifthe characters spend
fair amount of time speaking to Rroma and Ravnos in the
"Prat, rwo Gypies who secretly serve Dracula's Axes lead
the characters astray near the end of this scene with a
dangetous revelation.

— "The stories abour the Sabbat ate true! Someone's
‘probably found the tome by now, because we heard the Sword
‘of Caine plans a crude against Vienna to retrieve it. They
mean to take it by force. One of out brothers saw vampires

performing Sabbat rituals in a local cemetery. The city is
doomed? Its tame for the Rromato move on. Ifyou value your
souls, do the same."

‘Scene Sit: COMPLICATIONS

While the conspiracy gather information, they may
‘encounter one of the other groups in town searching for the
tome. Of the three, Dracula's Axes have the most succes.
‘The Black Hand and the Tremere are less successful; they are
included in the story to worry Camarillace Sabbat character
‘You do not need to stage confrontations with all three
factions. Instead, the number of complications you throw
{nto the plot establish the dificulty of the search. Experi-
enced character should face plenty of opposition, but neonates
should survive most of Scene Six relatively unscathed.

‘OF course, a fourth faction, the Arcanum, has already
arrived unannounced during the day. To the mortals of
Vienna, dhe hunte:s appear cules annd wealthy wuss
Just asthe Kindred of Vienna must be discreet, the investiga-
tors have carefully concealed their sword canes, derringers,
stakes and shotguns. An alliance of refined gentlemen has
‘come to Austria, and the most inportant event in Suen Sia
‘concems their activities

‘The Hunters Reveacen

Nowa has already disclosed that Vaclav has not been seen
for a few nights. This is hardly surprising, since there are
{enough visitors in tow to keep him busy. On Saturday, the
second night of the drama, events take a darker tum, The
Keeper of Elysium discovers thatthe sheriff has been destroved
‘on the grounds of the Hofburg Estate. Ledn uses Auspex t0
track down the ste ofthe murder and, more important, the
stake that was driven through Vacla's heart. Prince Leopold
himself then uses Spirit's Touch to confirm the identity of the
Iuller. A mortal hunter i responsible.

‘Any of the primogen can give the conspicacy all of the
details Regardlessofwho tis she blames Vadislav Taltos for
thisturn of events. seems unlikely thatthe presence of wich,
skilled killers is a coincidence. The primogen has a theory:
the tome i little more than bait. Vladislav Taltos wanted to
«draw the Black Hand and Dracula's Axes to the same city
the Viennese Tremere. playing them against one another.
Then, once the three factions begin competing for the book,
the hunters exploit the confusion. Although the characters
may be convinced of this theory, the other three factions
searching for the tome are not and continue tw scheme
‘gainst each other.

‘Simplifying the Plot: Ifyou want to unashorter version
‘of this act, the discovery made by the Keeper of Elysium can
setupathoetcur through the story. Afterthe third night, have
the characters encounter one of the Arcanum hunters at
work. If he is nor destroyed outright, he can be... persuaded.
togive the name ofthe location where hisallies have sought
sanctuary: Se Stephen's Cathedral This leads directly tothe
‘events of Scene Eight, the final scene of this act.


THe BLack HAND

The Black Hand isthe most violent ofthe three factions.
‘While some ofits members are quite sbele in thei schemes,
these brutish Sabbut are not. Confrontacions wid them are
perfectly suited to belligerent characters, vampires who just
don't obey the Six Traditions or players who like lots of
‘combat. The Black Hahd warriors have no chance of being
recognized by the peince and cannot politely question anyurse
for leads. They have three strategies: Find a primogen and
torture her for information, shadow the other factions to see
‘what they've found, or create expendable fledgling vampires
to keep the Camarilla busy. Which option you employ
depends on the type of story your troupe enjoys

Shadowing: Ifthe story slows down, secretly roll dice
‘when any of the characters travel alone through the streets.
A highly perceptive vampire (ving Auspex, Perception +
Alermess or a similar roll) may notice « shadowy figure
following him. The spy leaps from rooftop to rooftop ot
pethaps a pair of red eyes watch the character from an
alleyway. I ue players want a brave, they may decide to lay
san ambush for one of these spes. Torturing acapeured Sabbat
scout reveals that his allies are performing mass Creation
Rites ina cemetery, preparing to assault the city and take the
tome by force fo whomever first fist.

If the players are interested in something besides social
scenes, Camarilla characters are alo fair game for a chase
theough the streets A member ofthe conspiracy may even be
‘caprured and interrogated to see what he's feared, givingthe
Sabbat a chance to complicate the investigation. In the New
‘World, the Purchase Pact theoretically forbids Sabbat packs
from attacking each other, but here in the Old World, the
‘Black Hand has no such restriction. If there is any duplicity
cor deception involved, he continues to shadow the character
tosce fhe' telling the truth,

Torture: After the characters proceed through one of
the first few interviews, one of the primogen they've

consulted disappears. Gustavus isan excellent frst choice. If
‘youlike, et the conspiracy find the flayed boy of one oftheir
contacts floating down the Danube. Seaked through the
heart, the body has slowly shriveled from lack of blood. The
characters may actualy decide to save aprimogen who might
bbe useful, or the conspiracy may set up a useless one for an
ambush to buy themselves more time. Once this happens,
Nova spends more of het evenings at the Habsburg estate
surrounded by bodyguards, and distrustsany known members
of the Sabbat even mote.

Mass Embrace: The Sabbat has many ways to conduct
Creation Rites, but when they need to muster shock troops,
the most commen method is the mass Embrace. Several
members of the Black Hand perform abductions to create
shock troops. Innocent mortals ae given a quick-and dirty
Embrace, buried immediately and given the chance to dig
theie way to freedom. Those who succeed are forced into the
Vaulderie-If the Hand need ra take the tome by force, they
lead brief crusade to get it.

Within a night or two of the characters' arival, mortals
witness starving fledgling leaping the walls ofthe graveyard
in search of blood. Once this happens, any known membrs
of the Sabbat are treated with disdain by the primogen, even
if they are protected by Nova or the prince. The mortal
authorities also get involved, requiring characters to act with
even greater discretion. Ifthe characters search the grave
yards, proceed directly to Scene Seven. Once they arrive, an
old rival slays the Black Hand warriors performing the rite
and sets trap forthe character, attempting to destroy both
tivalsatonce. This leads toa rather grisly climax for out story.

BLACK HAN Son preg!

Generation: 12th

Physical: Strength 4, Beery 4, Saas
Social: Charisna 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance

Fate Sx

Talents: Alertness
Bie Sth

3
poise, 5 Otho
‘Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 3, Courage 3
Morality: Path of Caine 3 4
Willpower: 5 <i {

Anpan Lane's Corente

‘Warlocks summoned to Victorian Vienna are not al-
lowed to feed within the prince's domain and thus keep
their stays relatively brief Only » few Tremere have perma:
nent domains in the city, but Vienna has many visitors. In
times of danger, Ardan Lane may ask visiting Teemere to
perform some tasks to keep Vienna secure. After the fist
night of the chronicle, che Tremere primogen lead a small

Te Doeme wr Meow


cabal of visiting Warlocks through the city 40 pursue a
separate investigation

i the characters give up on being recognized by the
prince in Scene Three, Leopold asks Ardan Lane's coterie to
watch the characters more closely. Adan also acts on behalf
‘ofthe chantry ifthe characters failto consult with Augustine,
refute to give the Tremere the tome or are simply indiscreet
in their inquities. If any character reveals that they are
Sabbat, Andan sens ghoul to shadow them fora few hours
cach night

The Tremere primogen doesn'thave to trust the charac:
ters, and i he s confronted by the conspiracy on the streets
‘of Vienna his rival ae fair game for Thauraturpical hacry
ing. This doesn't require a toe-to-toe slugfest — magi are
‘mote subtle than that. Fog might rll pasta hore pulling a
‘carriage, causing a crash, Lightning strikes near a character's
temporary haven. Mortals who have offered to help them the
‘conspiracy suddenly forget they ever met them. Use bizarre
pplicationsof the various Thaumaturgical paths to make the
characten' unlives dificult, but keep the Warlocks in the
shadows. This option adds paranoia and mystery without
adding mindles fights in the streets.

Viennese Tremene INVESTIGATORS.

Dracuta'sAxes

This faction is the mont effective. While a few Gangrel
snd Ravnos wait outside Viera by night, the Axes dispatch
several mortals and ghouls toenter the city by day. As was the
case in the 15th century, many of Dracula's minions are
‘Giypsies.n fact, 10 years ago, a kumpania helped Dracula flee
from London to Varna on his way back to the Borgo Pass.

On Friday, the fist night, the Axes go directly to the
‘Wunteiprater. Immediately they learn that Vadislay never
arrived in Vienna; he was caprured by hunters. Some of
Talton's Gypoy allies fled straight for Viera when he disap
peared, but within a few nights. they gathered together
‘enough of their band to leave. Dracula's Axes later uncover,
‘rumor about the Arcanum artiving in town. A night oF two
after that, a member of the kumpanda learns that the Arcanum
agents have sought sanctuary in St. Stephen's Cathedral.

By thetime the Arcanum huntersare found, the Gypsies
report back to the Axes' leader, who decides to set a trap for
their rivals before assaulting St. Stephen's Cathedral. Of
course, the characters probably survive the ambush, forcing
cone ofthe Gangrel to flee directly to where the tome is kept.
‘This eventually leads straight to Scene Seven, in which the
characters have a chance to get revenge against a very old
rival Mitra the Hunter.

‘Scene Seven: THe Feastor Fearn

Dracula's Axcs are formidable adversaries particularly
‘because ofthe bestial Cainite who leads them. Several elders
have hinted at events transpiring in the graveyard. By now,
the mortal authorities may also be aware of sinister activities
there. If che characters dispatch someone to survey the
‘rounds, of leave a ghoul or mortal to watch, they learn of
unspeakable ntes performed by acowen of vampires in one of
‘Vienna's cemeteries.

‘Victorian cemeteries are more than final resting places
for loved ones. In this era, funereal splendor is the vogue.
‘Some Viennese justify lifetimes of achievements by saving
‘money for ostentatious, expensive and epic funerals atthe
cd of it all. Masterful undertakers indulge these desires
They are also trusted to employ preventative measures to
censure that a loved one (n't buried alive. One local funeral
parlor offers to attach a rope from the coffin to a brass bell
‘hanging near the tombsione. Ife doctor has made a erible
‘mistake, the departed may summon help at once.

Memorials are Victorian monuments to sentimentality
and excess. Nineteenth-century Vienna fully indulges this
‘vanity. The local cemeteries are swarmed on Sundays with
devoted survivors leaving large bouquets for the deceased.
Extensive displays of Gothic mourning follow. The most
famous residents of Viennese necropoli receive visits from
‘cults of admirers. One can judge the fame of a deceased artist
by the heap of flower left on his grave. The conspiracy also
‘has an opportunity to pay their respects to the dead, not by
leaving flowers, but by destroying their bodies to grant them
final peace. Black Hand vampireshave been creating enraged
and starving childer and burying them deep beneath the
moldering si

‘The conspiracy may devise several clever strategies to
find these fledgling vampires, With Auspex, they may se
Spirit's Touch on the entryway, the walls, o the grounds
themselves to seek out the undead. With Animalisn, they
may speak to the creatures that inhabit the cemetery. With
‘Stealth of Security, they may examine the soil or look for
‘unusual tracks. With Necromancy, they may even choose to
speak with spirits of the deceased. All such investigations
lead tothe same conclusion: bestial creatures are gather in
the graveyard, and ifthere ae any fledgling vampires nearby,
they are still underground.

‘The cemetery is huge and imposing. A scent of danger
thangs in the air. Tombstones glow inthe hideous moonlight

‘Towenvann Growaas IV

»


te grave


FLeporinc GANGREL ANTITRIBU
Generation: Ith -

Physica: Strength 3, Dexterity 3; Stamina'

‘Social: Charisma 3, Mewar Nepeoe 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2"
"alens: Alerts 2, Athleie 1, Bea 3, Dodge 2
‘Skala: Security 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Investigation |
Disciplines: None.
Viraes: Consent 1, Sel Coit, Cougs 1
Morality: Humanity 2

Willpower: 4

Swarm each character wih thre fledglingsthinting for
‘Hood. Nome has Disciplines. Ther strength lies in numbers
and the fury bestowed by frenzy. Howling for blood, they sink
their veeth toto the nearest character available. fledging
‘who succeeds ina bite attack may drain three blood points
cach tum. Rejoicing at his triumph, the bestia asassin
watching nearby Earth Melds into a nearby grave. A highly
perceptive character (Perception + Alertness, difficulty 3)
may remember the exact spot. Curiously enough, the grave
‘has a brass bell mounted on its tombstone.

Once the conspiracy shrugs off this macabre assault,
‘urming the tide of battle against theit toes, the brass bell peals
dramatically. The monster beneath the Earth is giving «
signal for reinforcements. In response, a pack of Gangrel
warriors, the sinister minions of Dracula's Axes, rise out of
Earth Meld. The second wave of attacks begin. The pack's
assault ts as inevitable as death itself.

Dnacuta's GANoReL Mitions
Geacrations 10th =

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4
‘Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

‘Skilles Security 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 3

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Pritean 3, Obfuscate 3
Self-Control 3,

Vietwes: Conscience 5,
Morality: Humanity 4
ben See a

You muse carefully judge how many Gangrel reinforce:
iments are needed for this scene. A neonate coterie should
probably face one of two attackers, but if the conspiracy fs
‘experience, feel free to conduct an epic battle inthe grave-
yard (assuming your players enjoy combat). Either way, the
Gangrel who orchestrated this macabre melee cannot resist
returning tothe surface toobserve it from afae. Aathe undead

Courge 3

dance in the moonlight, the animal readies an arrow for his
yew bow.

I che characters were present in the very frst chapter of
this chronicle, the monstrous Gangrel who hurks in the
shadows already knows who they are. He almost destroyed
them cenruriesage in the dark forests of Transylvania In Act
One of Dark Tides Rising, he assaulted them forenteringthe
domain of Cluj-Napoca. Now he's had seven centuries to
s7ow stronger. From the shadows of the graveyard, a hail of
aroun ereaks towaed the weakest characters in the con-
spiracy. The vengeance of Mitru the Hunter is at hand.

Mrmaurie Hunter
Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Arnulf
Generation: 6th,
Embrace: 1190

‘A bowatring snes in the night. Mita the Hunter urs
con the periphery of the skirmish, using his command of
‘Obfuscate to stay hidden until the time to strike. fhe needs
to heal, he Obfuscates again to recover before leaping back
{nto the fray. He can also cover incredible distances between
tums of combat. the conspiracy isold and powerful, he may
fire several arrows at them each round. His goal isto weaken
his victims enough for the other Gangrel to finish them of

‘Once he iecertain of hicrival' demise, Mienathe Hunter
rushes from the graveyard to rampage through the city. Most
likely, he is certain that he can retrieve the tome unopposed
Hehas smashed the Black Hand and doomed the conspiracy.
the character withstand his wale, on the other hand, the
Hunter realizes thar he cannot defeat his rivals 0 easily and
‘must obtain the book now before they get any further. Either
way, his task is done here. He flees into the night.

After the first few turns of combat, Mitna leaps over the
wall of the cemetery, runs to a waiting carriage and speeds
away. A Transylvanian Gypay, pethaps the very one who
tipped the characters off to the carnage in the cemetery,
nape a whip over the horeet' heads. Ever in the midst of «

Twos Cron

8


melee with the dead, a perceptive vampire may notice
‘Mitru's destination. The coach ix headed seraight for St.
Stephen's Cathedral. Is spire is easily visible in the distance
—at 450 feet, it's the highest inal of Europe. Enact achase
s<ene through the streets of Vienna, if you like. Unless the
characters actually grapple with Mins atop. » speeding
carriage, this should be a "frustration game" in which their
rival is always one step ahead of them (Celerty 7!) until he
arrives at the cathedral.

1 Minn's pursuers lowe tack of km, you can sill leave
clues to his ultimate destination. Mitru's nocturnal rages
equire an impressive amount of vitae, so he has adopted the
*Celerty technique" ofhunting. On his rampage, he snatches
thececasional mortal off the street and rapidly drains him on
the oof ofthe carriage. He haphacandly discards the husks as
the makes dash for the cathedral. Following the tral leads
straight to St. Stephen's. Since his trap has failed and the
conepiracy # onto hi plan, he hat no time to love.

‘ewen ome ofthe characters manages to keep up with Mio,
they can follow him all the way to the cathedral, just in time
to see him leap off the carriage and catapult through a
stained glass window. Within moments, be comes back out
screaming and covered in flames. His face is contorted in a
ictus of sheer teror. The cabal of Arcanum agents has had
time to set its defenses, and the Gangrel is completely
unprepared for them. Mitnu fles into the night conmuened by
flame Each turn, he must soak a level of aggravated damage.
Ievenone characterasaultshim on his rampage through the
sereet he may finish Mitruofl.fyouhave read Transylvania
‘Chronicles IIL, you've already leamed that the Hunter's
death ts close at hand. An old, experienced conspiracy may
have the distinct pleasure of dspatching Mitra themselves.

If noone chases Mitni, or if the characters are too weak to.
turtle che Black Hand, the characters have other ways 10
deducing Mitru's destination. If they have been shadowing
‘Dracula's Gypsies, they may capture one and force the infor-
mation out of him. Otherwise, another Kindred encounters
them later chat night and cells remarkable wory about 2
Cainite who actualy tried to assault Se. Stephen's Cathedral.
The description should be thorough enough that anyone
‘bo"s played this chronicle for moce than one chapter recog:
‘nises Mitru. Failing that, any of the primogen can exphuin
who he is. The informant should also describe che aura of
True Faith at St. Stephen's — it's enough to ward off all but
the mast humane of vampires. There is something in the
church powerful enough to punish this amen Cainite,
Dramatically pause, then repeat the rumor that the hunters
tho capeured Viadislay are now in town.

Scene BiGut: Ho_ty Ground.

By following Mitru, tracking him through the city,
following the trail of bloodless corpses or just noticing the
direction in which he traveled, the conspiracy rushes to-
‘ward to the towering apixe of St. Stephen's Cathedral. For

the Damned, the church is imposing, to say the least. Even
the Tremere chantry looks humble compared to this monu:
‘ment. The most powerful Cainites of the Sabbat blaspheme
by calling their leaders archbishops and cardinals, but they
suspect the truth. They cannot destroy the power of the
faithful. This ica temple to all that is holy,» realm shat
Kindred cannot enter without placing theit souls at risk.
‘The power of True Faith holds evil at bay. How ironic,
considering the diabolical tome the conspiracy is trying to
recawer from inside

If the characters find themselves at an impasse, they
may rush off to a familiar primogen to help them figure out
1 solution. Ghouls and mortals ure the only creatures who
can enter the chuech without resistance. The comopicacy
needs to find a mortal servant who could walk into the
church, pick up the book and walk out. His chances of
success ae improved ifhis undead allies can stay inside with
him long enough to create adiversion. A lone worshippet
‘turned away from the door, met with some story of repairs
and restorations to the church."

(Clever Kindred may think of other ways inside. Animal:
fm presents several pamaibiices. A tiny rat can eventually
find the tome sitting on the cathedral'yalta. But larger beasts
are chased off by the agents inside; there i litle hope, for
instance, of a lange canine bounding out of the church
tunnoticed with the book ia his tecth. Characters may ase
‘Auspex to read the minds ofthe hunters, revealing the details
of their defenses. Vampires with Dorminate might even be
ble to force one to walk outside with the book. Ofcourse, the
other agents immediately restrain their companion, and any
element of surprise i lost.

‘The Arcanum has no idea how much danger they took
‘on when they came to Vienna with the tome. Once Mitru
burt in, they had no choice but to drive him out, bolt the
door and await the light of dawn. The characters have one
night to get the tome back. After that, the agents of the
Arcanum leave Vienna at davn in a desperate attempt to
‘cxcape — and the tome tan't seen again. With the resources
their disposal, che agents could travel in any direction. The
time tostrikeisnow. Ready your swords, your pistols.and your
‘Thaumaturgy. We're going in.

‘The Fina BATTLe

‘Storming the church isan obvious tactic, but aisky one
‘Several ets of double doors lead tothe cathedral. Because all
‘entrances are locked and bolted. breaking in takes consider.
able effort. The task requires an effective Strength of 13,
‘Several vampires could smash through the doors together if
they time their attempe correctly. An ally who makes at least
three successes a successful Strength + Athletics rol (diffi.
culty 6) can add half her Strength to this fet.

Mitru pursued a different option by leaping through a
stained-glass window. This is tll posible, but only with at
least three smucceueson Dexterity + Athleticesoll (difficulty

‘Tet Dower wr Noor


7), Since this tactic has been wed before, an Arcanum
gentleman watches the windows over the hatrel of a rifle I
he obtains more success on his Wits + Alertness roll
(difficulty 6) than the leaping vampite scored on his jump,
the bull fly

Although none of hy, the holy ground of
St. Stephen's Cathedeal has es of reverent wot
ship. Treat the entite area as though the grounds of the
church itself have True Fath 1. Varnpites ho have Human
ity 7 o greater may enter the church, but lest humane
vatnpstes(o¢ Cadnites who have tejected Humanity entirely)
out make Willpower rolls at difficulty 9 wo walk inside
Unless a vampire scores at least ne success on this toll. he
cannot advance toward the altar. Instead, he is overcome
with pun and his skin begins to smoke as though note bythe
hand of God

Further violence invokes further retribution: Fangs and
claws are answered with pistols and swords, Ifa vampire
frenzieson holy ground, his skin begins to bur and blacken.
Forcack tum a rampaging vampite remains inside the church,
he takesone level of aggravated damage as smoke risee from
his flesh. fa vampire meets this fae, have her player rol for
Rotschreck. Mitru was inhuman enough to actually bunt

flames —feel free to be suitably dramatic. To those who
sspoue the way of the Lord, che characters ure creatures of
evil and must suffer accordingly!

IK vampites try to sneak inside the church, Obfuscate
CChimentry, Obtenebration und Quietus are obvious Dis
plines to wse. Don't forget that the Arcanum has recruited
agents with formidable mystical abilities to and them on their
quests Storytellers may want toad in afew of these powers
to spice up the scene. Trained occulists should at least be
able to make Perception + Occult ollstopotauch deception
(difficulty 3 + the level of the Discipline used).

Once inside, varnpite needs 10 turns to reach the ata.
ond 10 to return to the door. Even Mitru, with Celery 7
sould wer gt eee atl ak fot enh eo evade che banter
inside. If character picks up this book and makes it 0 the
door without perishing, the tome is hers. If she fails, the
Arcanum agents w wen then flee the city, never
bre scen pan. Wf dhis happens, te only comfort comes frm
the fact that Dracula's Axes and the Black Hand failed
recover the tome as wel

Scene Nine:
Mysteries Re

‘As the smoke clears, pomily from the smoklering flesh
of the character, the conspicacy finally has the tome

thick, ponderous volume of yellowing parchment. just as
Nova mentioned, the cover is marked with a vigil of «star
with 13 points. Each page is covered in typeset lines of
academic Latin, mysterious diagrams ans disturbing wot

Tewsotvann Goons

"


ithutrations. The book cannot be deciphered quickly — a
scholar couldspend yearsperusing tand only gain mere hints
of its real contents. Even Augustine or Aristotle de Laurent
vwould be overwhelmed at first. The characters have three
immediate option: they may keep the book and study it
themselves, ally witha scholar who can decipher i for them.
‘or offer it asa gif to a vampire they tat. Each option has
different ramifications on the chronicle.

Keeping the Tome: Everyone wants this damned book. If
the conspiracy chooses to study it on its. own, its members are
harassed by various Kindred during the downtime between the
remaining chaptersof this chronicle, particularly by the Tremere
snd Trimisce. Ifyou roleplay interludes between the actsof this
‘book. playingout asession where other vampires try testeal the
Inoonabubam is highly recommended.

Nonetheless, such tribulations have their rewards. The
‘most important information hidden inthis book involves the
-sigil on the cower. Further study allows an occultist to recreate
‘diagram correlating te lines of the sigil to a series of ley
lines in Transylvania. Zelios of Clan Nosferatu has unwit-
tingly wed the castles he rected in the region to act as focal
points for this energy, resulting in a pattern that can either
‘bind Kupala or summon him. Ifthe knowledge is pur to good
‘ue, the patter continues to bind Kupala beneath the earth
‘nil che Eighth Sign ofthe prophecy of Kupala i fulfilled.
thie knowledge ie perverted, however, an occultet can trans
form the pattern to one of summoning and gain control over
the demon.

In previous chapters, the characters (or their sires) have
reinforced this pattern by inscribing various sigils on the
castles. If they can actually hold on to the book, they may
deduce the significance of these wards before the final act
begins. Asa result the events ofthe last act do not need to
beexplained by an outside agent, but may instcad be prompted
bya revelation one of the characters has while reading the
took. No one pasage reveals the solution to the mystery of
Kupala. A scholar should expect to spend several decades in
isolation studying the book to become an expert on the myth,
of Kupalla. Just brushing up on vulgar Latin, occult mysteries
and elementary Enochian to decipher it takes years. The
revelation comes right before Act Three. Asaside bonus, you
may also justify an increase in the character's Occule of
‘Academics Trait.

Contacting a Scholar: Ifthe characters forged an alli
ance with Augustine, Aristotle or some other learned master

‘of ore, that character begins her translation ofthe Incunabu-
um. Perhaps the Vienna lbeary afore a Wete, oe Aristotle's
Incest treatise gets delayed, but the scholar reveals all the
background the characters need for Act Three. Of course, if
the scholar is Tremere or Trimise, she might share the same
{information with others of her kil

‘A Gift: The characters score a significant boon by
"offering this book to the Tremere. A century of study of the
book reveals to the Warlocks the significance of the oxkd
diogram of Eastern European ley lines. By the nent act, the
‘Tremere realize the correlation to the castles Zelice con-
structed throughout Transylvania. By Act Three, they decide
whether they want the pattern of wanding that contains
Kupala tobe active ot broken. Do they summon the demon
fn an attempt to destroy the Transylvanian Teimisce once
and forall, or isthe chance of advancing the Final Nights too
big a price to pay?

Loyal Sabet may choose one of dhe factions of the
‘Trimisce. Count Radu may even advance an offer for the
tome on behalf of a noteworthy Transylvanian Fiend. Ifthe
Trimisce have the tome by the end of the chronicle, they
decipher the significance of the dingram after « ceneury of
study and do everything they can to reinforce the sigis of
wardingaskest they can. Ifthishappens, consider all thesis
fon the nexus points of the pattem to he active by the
beginning of Act Three.

"Maturation points to reflect one hundred years of down
(Gee: Te nore coc crecrremeacs acai

Denouement

Regardless of what the chatacters decide, they have
certainly attracted the attention of the highest-ranking
Warlocks of Clan Tremere. Faced with opposition from
several factions of powerful Cainties, they have proven theit
ingenuity. Fo this reason, and others, they ate contacted by
Eaius himetf a cermury later to help resolve another monu-
‘mental dilemma. That, however, is another story —the next
chapter of our chronicle.



(On the dark might of counting all che year

(On the dark night when maths on are numbered

hack wo me

hase
my name be give

— The Eeyteian Book: of the Dead. "He Holdeth Fast to
the Memory of His ldentity

Therootsof thisportion ofthe TransylvaniaChronicles followers partake of the elixir
reach far back in Cainite history. 7

what Clan Tremen

the Tutnisce
War between the tw clans follows. The Tremen

from captured Trimisce, (

elder Tsitmisce.{
that he goes free if he c

Jeathtraps to hinder 1

knows of va Tremere asa too to distract th

Helievinye that the other clans hold them in


power. Although Etvus, rival of Goeatrix, is against ach 9
Plan, he sists Tremere in locating the resting place of one
nythical Antediluvians. Tremere chooses to
linblerse Saulot founder of the Sabubei
Jn 1133, Tremere and his seven lieutenants travel 10
Sue' lightly guard place and Tremere feasts upon
the sleeping Antediduvinn. The deed is suxpiciounly ex. As
Tremere complete the task, Saul' thind eye in the center of
his forchead opens and serenely gazes at his slayer. Thou
somewhat shaken, as ate his Neutenants, Tremere returns to
Cectisbigh inthe Transylvanian Mountains and continues
studies to restore the magical knowledge the Usarpers lost
uponbecomung vampites Bickering between the ish Goraitix
andthe cautious Eri breaks nto magical warfare as Gort
trang diferent areas ofthe world under the i
seven, incidentally sepatating them. Against his better i
Tremere sends Goratrix to France, then the most
and powerful Cerrtory available. Etrius stays in
es Tremere' guardian a the Antedi
¢
ent II calls for the Fourth Crusade
to destroy the Cathars, called heretics by the Church. Ars
infiteate the Church
Hislack of wbtlety lead to full-scale Inquisition investigat
ing mages and other supernatural fn 1314 Goratix goes too
far, iniluerci . King of France to attack and
all but destroy the Knights Templar in a greedy bid for
nvet. The fll the Templars fulfills one ofthe
nsof Gchenna. Tremere recalls Goratrix to Ceorista stand
seatrix tothat meeting. The Tremere council censures
and revokes his authority. Fearing amassination,
Goratris flees, disappearing into the eastern mountains
Concemed for Tremere's safety, Etris improves an
oklr chantty en Vier and moves the resting Antediluv
there, Rumors citulate that Tremere i changing into a
white worm. Etrius denies the namars and strengthens the
wards around Tremere. Etriusworksin concert with Meetlinda

to help form the Camarilla. Several younger Tremere disap
pear in Transylvania; some time later, Etrius realises they

were not victims of the Teimixce
In the wake of the Anarch Revolt and the Council of
Thorns, Tremere rouses from torpor long enough to as
the ritual that curses the Assatnites. He also magically brands
thowe Tremere who do not follow the clan's dictates with a
telltale sigil that only true Tremere can sce. The Sabbat profit,
from the mystical abilities of Tremere antimbu. Rumors
abound that the rogue Goratrix leads these "anti-Tremere.

Tusoevana Caowais
"


In the 18th century, evidence comes to light proving
tha Goratrix has joined the Sabbat, is creating childer and
binding other Tremere antiribu co himself through
Thaumarungical oaths. Word spreads that the disgraced
‘Tremere iscreating his own faction known as House Goratrix,
Most Tremere antiibu become a part of the house, forming,
1 private mystical brotherhood within the Sabbat. Despite
scattering into different packs, the Tremere antiitu seem
closet to one another than any of their packmates. The
‘Toimisce make certain thatthe Tremere antioibu gain no real
ower within the Sabbat, citing their secretive ways and
untratworthiness,

Clan Tremere spreads throughout Europe and North
America and attempts to gain power in Aftica and Asia as
well — attempts that are less than successful. Staunch sup-
porters of the Camarill, the Tremere maintain a web of
chantries linked through various officials tothe ruling Coun-
«il of Seven and the main chantry in Vienna. Though the
‘membership of the council changes over time, they remain
the most powerful vampires in the clan. Due to its inrastr-
ture, Clan Tremere becomes one of the greatest, if not the
sreatest, clan of the modern nights.

"The millennium approaches. The signs of Geherina are
failed asal chat wasbelieved is broken down and twisted into
new shapes. The End Titnes have arrived. Tremere awakens.

Tue REAL STORY

The rank-and-file Tremere (und most of the Council of
Seven) are not privy to the tue story behind Tremere's
diablerie of Saulot and his subsequent torpor, Etrius is the
‘only councilor to know that Tremere istwo beings in one —
himselfand the being he intended todestroy. When Tremere
fir leamed of diablerie and its benefits, Saulot's agents,
planted that knowledge for the magus to discover. When he
Jearn of the resting place of the Antediluvian and chose to
diablerize Saulot, he did so by Saulot's will. That his own
death through diablerie fulfilled the first true sign of Gehenna
merely added spice to the evil one's plans.

While Tremere gained power commensurate with the
other Antediluvians, he had no way of knowing that the
Ancient was not destroyed in the process, but moved his
conciousness inta the veuel of Tremere's flesh. By opening
‘himself to the power and knowledge of Saulot, Tremere also
‘opened himself to possession by one of the most subtle and
fiendish masters of the Jyhad.

Although he remained quiescent at first, Saulot ined
‘ously worked his way into Tremere' flesh and took control of
‘certain portions of the wizard's thoughts. Once he held the
‘eins, Saulot exerted his will onto Tremere's actions and
decisions. As Saulot has foreseen the signs of Gehenna, he
husbeenable to orchestrate their fulfillment while remaining
hhidden from those who might thwart his aims. The other

‘Antediluvians believe Saulot to be dead, slain by Tremere.
Instead, Saulot found the perfect hiding place

But he did not count on one factor. Saul conceived of
his plan to use Tremere, then expected to force the weaker
‘vampire's consciousness out and take aver for himself. He
never expected the strensth of will and purpose he found in.
Tremere. Rather than destroying a novice vampire, Saulot
faced a centuries-old, disciplined and intelligent wizard.
Tremere might be a newkorn in Kindred circles, but he
possessed the experience and wisdom bom ftom long years as
1 powerful mage. Savlot could not overpower Tremere
Instead, he found himself bound by Tremere's will as cer
tainly as he himself bound Tremere. For centuries they have
femained locked in combat, vying for full posession of
‘Tremere's body. One or the other has temporarily achieved
dominance, but could never entirely throw off the other's
influence — until now.

Using every moment when he controls his own bods.
‘Tremere has created a ritual to free himself while keeping
‘Saulot trapped inside his body. Working with Etrius, Tremere
hhas abo discovered a way to recreate Saulot's feat and move
hisconsciousness into Ets. Knowing the dangersof sharing
a body, he and Etrius conceived a plan to find another body
capable of supporting Tremere's essence while not severely
lessening the sorcerous Cainite's abilities. This means inhab-
iting one of his original seven councilors. Tremere has 0
intention of sacrificing either Etrius or Meerlinda, the caly
two of the original council remaining, Only one other sil
exists, and itis he whose body Tremere plans to take — the
outcast Goratrix.

‘One problem: Goratrix has cast his lot with the Sabbat
He has long since overcome Tremete's influence over hen
Further, part ofthe difficulty between Goratrx and Ess 0
langage arose from the jealousy each held fr the other Roth
vied for Tremere's attention and cold love. In the end,
Goratrix'srashnesscausedhisdownfall.Eriushashad Tremere
10 himself for centuries, but now he must find Goratrix and
convince his old rival ro meet with him si that Tremere can
make the transferal. To draw him out requires finesse, bold-
ress, planning — and a group of trustworthy Kinadeed to act
as go-betweens.

ActTwo:
SINS OFTHE FATHERS

‘The scenes that introduce and concloxle this at may be
‘used as cut-scenes to add drama to your game. Cutacenes are
scenes in which the players' characters are not present and do
nor know what happened. They cannot use information from
the cutscenes in the game. Nevertheless, describing the
scene, particularly to creepy or stirring music sets the mood
for the whole game.

Te Accum


‘Scene One:
Exciusive INVITATION

‘Act Two takes place in 1998. This story assumes chat

the characters have experienced the events of the other
theee Transylvania Chronicles. By now, with several cen
tries experience, the characters ate elders and pomibly
{important movers and shakersin vampite society. They may
have left Transylvania for almost anywhere in the world.
Individuals might haveallied with the Sabbat, theCamarlla,
the anarchs or the Inconn, or instead opted for uve
independence. Whether they maintained ties with one
another of not doesn't matter, nor do they even need to be
on friendly terms. Ifthe players choose to portray different
characters, the Storyteller may have to adjust the invita:
‘tonyand reasons for involvement to reflect that. Otherwise,
‘each character receives the tame invitation asking her to
assist Etris ina vitally important matter, though no details
ace revealed in the letter.

‘The characters ate chosen because oftheir prior associa
tion with both Etrius and Goratrx. If they are loyal to the
‘Camarilla, the characters are told they represent an official
delegation for the Camarilla entxseed with this delicate
‘encounter. Ifthey are members of the Sablbat, they have the
honor of escorting Etrius to a meeting by request of their
superiors I they are independents, a distinct possibility in
the 20th century, Etius selected them primary because they
do not espouse tiesto either the Sabbat or the Camanilla. If
the group consists of mixed elements, they also have been
chosen because they know one another and represent differ-
entinterests. Even Trimisce characters tecetve the invitation,
despite the centures-long feud between the two clans.

The following lerrers are individually addressed to

‘each character. Choose the letter that best fits each one's
political affiliations.

Letren 10 CAMARILLA CHARACTERS,

Greetings,

‘You may remember our mectine sometime in the past. At
that time, your asitamce proved of great benefit. Although we
have rot met n many years, | again ask your help. need escorts
for aonrmey and wish to have those with me with proven abilities.
While I understand that your standine amone Kindred would
usually preclude accepting such a task as beneath you, this
Journey & of wtal importance to both Clan Tremere and the
Camanila. Further, your reputation is the very reason 1 am
contacting you with an inettation to act as one of my choven
companions for this mission, The underaking is quite dangerous;
therefore the rewards of assisting me ae equally generous. Please
find enclosed am itinerary and all documentation necessary for
‘you to mavel to Viera, where | shall meet with you and discuss
Farther terms. Transportation is via private et and the accommo
dations | have arranged for youn Vienna should provide for both
your safety and comfort, Should you refuse the uerney after 1
‘explain more about, you ul be returned to your haven with he

understanding that you reveal noching of what I have told you for
‘one week. After that, you are fre to speak with whomever You
Please. in any case, 1 shall owe you a boom merely for meeting
‘with me and listening. Clan Tremere and the Camara will
amply reward further assistance

‘My thanks,

Exrius of Clan Tremere

Lerren To SAmnat CHARACTERS

Greeaings,

You may remember our meeting sometime in the past. At
that time, your assistance proved of great benefit. Ahough we
have not met in may years and while our paths have diverged, 1
again ask your help. I ned escorts fora journey and wish wo hove
thowe with me with proven abies. While I understand chat your
standing n the Sabbac would sually preclude accepang sich
task, my contact with the Sabbat's upper echelon has assured me
that they support boh my journey and your participation. Iam
rot cureniy a bhery to name the principles whose persion
1 sought, hough that wil subsequently be made clear. Further,
your repucaion is the very reason I am contac yes with an
‘inuitation to act as one of my chosen companions for this missiom.
The undertaking ix quice dangerous for all of us; therfore che
rewards of assstng me are equally generous. Please find enclosed
«an umerary ad all documentation necesary for you to rave
Vienna, where 1 shall met with you and discus further terms
Tramsportaion is wa private jt and the accommestsions ave
crranged for you in Vienna shoul provide for both your safety
and comfort. Should you refuse the rey afer | explain more
about it, you will be enmed 1 your haven with the undertand-
{ng that you reveal nothing of what Ihave tall you for one week
Afier tha, you are free to speak with whomever you please. In
‘any case, | shall owe you a boon merely for meeting with me and
listening. Further assistance wil be amply rewarded. | hope hat
yourmay find ic usthin you to must me at act far nowgh speak
wich me,

My than,

Ennis of Clan Tremere

LeTTeR To INDEPENDENT CHARACTERS
Use this letter for anarchs, Autarkis, unaffiliated Kin-
‘dred and members of independent clans and bloodlines.
Greetings,

You may remember our meeting sometime in the past. At
that time, your assistance proved of great benefit. Although we
‘have not met in many years and while our paths have diverged, 1
‘again ask your help. I need escorts fora journey and wish 1 have
those with me with proven abvines, While [understand that your
status and your standing with regard to the warring sects ofthe
Sabbat and the Camarila would usually preclude accepting such
‘task, I hope that che reward 1 offer wil entice you to meet with
me. Further, your reputation isthe very reason I am contacting
$31 with an intaaton wo act as one of my chosen companions for
this mission. The undertaking is quite dangerous forall of ss;
therefore the rewards of assisting me are equally generous. Please

Turon Grows


find enclosed am itinerary and all documentation necessary for
‘you to eave to Vienna, where I shall meet utth you and disess
farther terms, Transportation is via private et and the accommo
dations | have arranged for you in Vienna shoud provide for both
our safery and comfort. Should you refuse the journey after |
‘explan more about it, you wl be returned to your haven withthe
sndertanding that you reveal nothing of what Ihave tld ou for
‘one week, After that, ou are free to speak with whomever you
‘ease. In any case, I shall owe you a boom merely for meeting
‘wich meandstening. Further assistance wall be amply rewarded.
[hope that you may find ic within you to east me at least far
enough speck with me

My thanks,

Eris of Clan Tremere

ACCEPTANCE

Assuming the characters accept Eerius's invitation, travel,
‘vathejetandstayatthe intended accommodations they have
snopectlems with atoms or any other part of this entry into
‘Austria (except dealing with the weather — see below).

Etius plays thispar straight with them. Sending private
Jee to fly them to Vienna, he makes certain that they fly mt
‘aight and arrive before sunuise. He sends « car eo cake them
to the accommodations he has arranged in St. Catherine
Appartement Pension, afint rate and very exclusive pension,
the Viennese equivalent of a bed and breakfast. All eight
rome are permanceatly "ene" by the Tremere to accor
smodate visitors tothe city and have been made proof against
the sun. The staff — Dieter Einhard, his wife Mitzi, his cousin
‘Conrad and Mitts sister Tia — are all Tremere ghouls
trained to overlook any irregularities in behavior unless
Visitors engage in activities the ghouls think the Tremere
‘cught to know about. Etrius arranges for each character tobe
given one of the rooms and have sustenance waiting. He
Leeps oom for hie aswell, hough none ofthe staffever
center his room due to the ward versus ghouls that surrounds:
the chamber.

Due ta rising storm, there is litle else the characters
smay wish to do before sunrie excepe say in thet rooms or
talk. They may wish to catch up on news of lay to rest any
Aificultes they have with one another. The characters may
sleep through the day fully protected by the ghouls and meet
with Exrus the following night. When they arise, Conrad, the
hhead clerk ells the characters that a peivate carts coming to
collect them for a meeting in approximately half an hour.

Comprications

Naturally, nothing is as simple as it seems. While Etrius
needs their guardianship during the journey, he has no
Intentions of telling the characters his true reason for his
impending tip to America. The characters have to discover
that for themselves. Further, should any character refuse to
participate after learning more, Etrius does indeed allow her
to leave. Although he regrets the necessity, he also puts
Fortschritt to work on a ritual desiened to prevent the

character from revealing what she knows. Still, even mote
complications arise. There's mote going on than Etrius's
smoke screen.

Refusing the Mission

any character refuses the invitation outright from the
beginning. explain that there isno second chance to jon the
‘expedition. Refsal means the characteris out ofthis part of
the story. Noone outside the conspinicy can locate Etriusand
the others once they meet. Further, Etrius has plenty of
shouls and lesser Tremere to make certain his movements
remain untraceable. The participants themselves are later
magically prohibited from contacting anyone or betraying
Etrius. Therefore, following the conspiracy to take action
later is nigh impossible. Should a charactet manage to track
Etrius for a while, the Storyteller might arrange for her to
eventually make « mistake and be taken captive by those
whose job it i to see that Etrius ist followed.

Weather Difficulties

‘A minor complication comes inthe form of a powerful
storm. Although the characters' flight is uneventful, they
notice gray clouds as they approach Vienna. By the time the
plane arrives over the city its raining heavily and the plane
ts delayed due to unmanageable runways, Sunrise looms and
the character: may become nervousas they realize they might
be trapped on the plane. After what seems an eternity of
waiting, the plane lands — slipping and veering down the
runway. The shaken characters may then disembark. The
temperature is dropping precipitously anddacokd wind screams
around the buildings. The characters should be glad to pile
into warm carsent to take them totheit lodgings. Thedriver
stands ust inside the gate forprivate planesat the airport. He
‘holds a sign with each character's name on i. Bogsage and
‘customs matters are handled in a matter of moments and the
conspiracy can be on its way in luxurious, if little old
fashioned, limousine. The storm just the beginning, however.
Everywhere they go after their arrival in Mexico later in the
story, storms of one sort or another plague the characters,
mirroring the terrible upheavals of nature throughout the
world. Eventually, the characters may discover what these
storms have to do with them — and with Gehenna.

‘The Etrius/Tremere Problem

‘The greatest complication les within Etriun Although
the head of the Tremere council prepared himself to become
the vessel for the Antedifuvian's consciousness, the strain
shows. Occasionally, Tremere overrides trius scontrol, sho
ing hiodewoted asintant aside and aking over. The conilicrng
Personalities make Errius mentally and emotionally unstable
and prone to abrupt fugue states in which he freezes up until
hhe can regain control. Further, Tremere has been a victim of
uncontrollable Vicioiunde for centuries anal a tated the
‘changes Saulot inflicted on his body to drive him out. Etrius
4s now subject to the same bodily changes that are both
debilitating and excruciating. As the mission proceeds, the
‘characters can count on Exsas fess ann lo. Should they

Tahoma,


attempe to harm Etrius, however, Tremere ruthleslyscizes
control and attacks them, Dealing with the Antediluvian's
‘weath — even sevorndhand through the Methuselah's body

‘not a fate to be contemplated lightly.

Alternate Arrangements

Its highly likely (particularly if they ate not members of
the Camanitla) that the characters suspect some soet of trap
laid for them. The fact that they each receive a letter —even
{they maintain hikden havens no one is supposed to know
about —should make them alttlenervous. Infact, however,
‘no one has set a trap. Nevertheless, should any characters
‘make theit own arrangements to forestall any tricks, they
should be allowed to do s0, Eklers do not become elders by
taking everyone at theit wot.

‘Those traveling under their own arrangements must
make certain they arrive after dark. If not in some sort of
sealed travel container, characters must have valid passports
{or identity cards if they live in Europe) to present upon.
centering Austria, Then they must deal with hotels chat are
‘not sun-proofed and whose maids are awfully pesky about
«leaning the rooms inthe early morning hours — despite the
‘wishes of sleeping vampires.

Thone who refuse Etriu's arrangements knock around
‘Vienna early the following night until Etrius discovers where
they are saying and sends car to bring them tothe meeting.
Regardles of whatever protests they make. the characters
‘cannoc convince him to change the plan for their meeting,
Etrius does not alter that even to accommodate suspicious
characters, and if they want to meet with him they have to
accept being driven there in the private car he sends to pick
them up. Should a character refuse to take the car, the driver
(ghoul named Johannes) phones Etrius and explains theit
‘efusal then takes the car back toa garage on the outskirts of
the city rather than on to the meeting. Etrius tlle Johannes
to explain to the reloctant characters that thei services are
‘not required afterall and it isbestifthey leave Vienna within
24 hours. Make it clear that Etrus is quite annoyed and may
deal unpleasantiy with them later.

‘While it is conceivably possible that a character could
follow the driver and interrogate hin about the meeting place,
prior conditioning makes it dificult to get any answers. Dori:
‘nating fohannes san option, hur the character must achieve
four successes to overcome the Tremere ghouls programming.
‘Walking from the St. Catherine i usually easy, a mete four
blocks, bur the characters don't know the meeting place
beforehand and the ternhle ainatorm pounding Vienna makes
‘movement on oot almost impossible. 'shard enough getting
through in a car; most streets are deserted and much ofthe city
thas shut down to weather the storm.

Going to the Chantey

‘Should the characters attempt to go to the "Tremere
chancry" they may have visited at the turn of the century
‘rather than waiting for Etrius to send for them, they will be
tured away and informed that the clan operates a "new

chantry" in the Ringstrase. Traveling to either location is
dlfficult inthe storm and may sorely tax theit patience. Once
the characters are admitted, they notice that the chantry is
quite crowded, Kindred gather together in small groups,
nervously talking Their whispered conversation echoes
throughout the main mom. Anyone wing Auspex to over:
hhear what is being said gather that these Kindred don't
actually know what i going on. They have been rousted out
‘of other havens in Vienna and ondered to gather here with
‘orders not to approach the real chantry under any circum:
stances. All are extremely nervous and speculation ranges
from n Sabbat crusade against Vienna toan impending all-
‘out war with the Astamites to the idea that Gehenna has
started (not unbelievable in light of the apocalyptic tun the
‘weather has taken). Successful reading of theit auras reveals
feat, uncertainty and confusion,

All the occupants stare at the characters when they
‘enter — obviously, if somewhat pwsively. hostile. They ask
why the chamcters are avoiding the moeting with Etrius It
should be clear that every Tremere in the city sere and that
cach knows who the characters are and why they are in
Vienna. Any Tremere who spots one of mote of the charac-
terswhere they should not be reports thisto Ecriusimmediatey,
allowing him to find them quickly and easily

Characters with good memories may notice that the
chantry they are in now és not the chantry they visited a
century ago in Act One. I's just not the same place. Inquisi-
tive characters receive terse answers teyunding the nature of
the "move." Those who become too clirious may find them-
selves in trouble with the Watlocks.

Uncomfortable Truths

‘This scenario puts the characters in the position of
discovering the fate of the Tremere antienéu. They cannot
[prevent the annmb's destruction, though they inay ny «od
40. Also, one of the players in your troupe may portray a
‘Tremere anwienbw. What can you do to include him rather
‘than forbidding the player to portray a favorite character —
especially one that has gone through the rest of the
‘Transylvania Chronicles? Allow him to 0 along, but warn
allehe players that thei charactersmay die in thisstory. Give
them all the choice to roleplay theit wal characters of use
alternate ones. Alternate characters shoul be given creas
‘experience points to make it believable that they might be
chosen for Etris's mission, but fewer than the ones who have
played through the rest of the chronicle. Abo, it's quite
Possible, ifa bit melodeamatic, o allow a player's Tecmere
ansitribw character to survive the imminent destruction, but
such a decision should not be undertaken lightly by the
Storyteller. Unlesshandled well, uch accommodations make
the tost of the events trite.

Since the charactersdo not know Etriu's actual goal —
‘getting close enough to Goratix so Tremere can take posses
son of his body — it doesn't matter who accompanies hit.
Maplayerchoowes te isk her Tremere anc characte, the

Tuwsavnen Grows V


r significance, of coune, and good play should
re Tremere

story has 1
be rewarded with a great death scene. You may h
1 Exrius extend one chance tor the character
by joining the clan and agreeing
operation. Allowing
tribu characters to escape the fate of theit fellows
onverting and becoming Camarilla Tremere is not
recommended unless you relish the idea of storytelling the
ast Tremere anttribu'

ved by every other anirsbu fan

exchange for good service
cod bond to ensure continued ©

the end, however, it's your game and your

Future supplements, however, re thy Tremete

anntriby were wiped out. Youcan let your troupe discover the
ull Etris and Tremere and keep the antieria from beitg

they're capable of defeating an Ante
0. (What kind of game are ye

able

paryeng!) Just make it 9
andremember that fssmeoae duableizes
Errius, he probably find himself overwhelmed by Tremere
meaning the whole thing was for nothit

juvian's complete control
trix' body. Nobody

with Antediluvian was easy

Scene TWO: MEETING IN VIENNA

the char ‘
Muse
There are
des slong
make

hed with

he wall are written the following w

only be seta

in can be recognized
around, the characters not

panels. When viewed from th

mins become visible, moving on the pan

the Holoca
From

J man di

modern Jewish life in the ¢

lencoat and square-toed

Tie Accson

®

to picture


Etrius introduces himselfand asks them all coaccompany hit
to a small recess where they may sit and talk.

Tne Prren

Etrius keeps the meeting formal despite the dificulties
he ts having integrating Tremere's consciousness with his
‘own. He doesnot want the characters to realize that Tremere
hastaken upresidence inside ofhim. He wantsto get Tremere
nto Goratrocas soon as ponsible and he hopes toconvince the
‘characters to asst him through the entire process. He does
‘ot want to tip hic hand yer, bue he is willing to offer the
‘characters almost anything toobtain their help. lfthey realize
this, the characters can ask for quite alot. Even ifEtrius might
‘be reluctant to give them certain things, Tremere demands
that Etrus make whatever promises seem necessary.

Once they all appear comfortable, Errius thanks the
characters for coming and tells them the following (feel free
‘to paraphrase):

"From my letter you know that I wis youall w escort me
‘on adangerousjourney. Since you are here assume you intend
tw accept the risks. | apologise that the weather is so dificult
and hope you had notrouble with your travel arrangements. As
I promised fafter heating the deaib of Use tip you prefer not
‘oassist me, youcan retum home. still owe youa boon for your
trouble. Should you accompany me, however, the Tremere
clan és prepared to be extremely generous.

"We will be raveling to America for a secret meeting
with one of the leaders of the Sabbat. Although I cannot
‘eveal to you the exact nature of our business, hope that you
‘an understand that these talks are vital tour continued
existence. Regardless ofthe differences between our sects, We
all stand to benefit from this meeting.

"Due toa complication youneed notconcem younelves
with, Imay not be capable of intervening ifemergencies arise.
‘Thar i why you ate along. You provide security for the
meeting area, asist me as I need it and protect me. You may
‘be called upon ¢o take part in certain rituals | must enact for
‘our own safety and comfort. While these duties may sound as
though any member ofthe Tremere clan could perform them,
[assure you that your reputations prove of more value in this
undertaking than any Thaumaturgical skill. Indeed, it is
better that we are not all of one clan, for this broadens trust,
and we must engendet trust in those that we intend to meet
if we ate to succeed.

"Nonetheless, you would think me foolish iI did not
take any steps to ensure your loyalty during the journey. For
this reaton, I require each of you to surrender asmall amount
‘of your blood to me. I shall perform a brief ritual that
‘temporarily binds you from harming me and makes it easier
to include you within my rituals of protection. There are no
lasting eects. | peter to simply accept your word of honor
since 1 am asking you to extend your trust to me, but this
‘meeting is too important to trust to chance. wish it could be
otherwise. I realise I ask great deal so I offer you much in,

return. The Tremere clan has access to many tomes and
secrets, should you wish to avail ourselves of some of them.
{ could even teach you Thaumatungy or offer you wealth,
influence, or some other reward of your choice. Please talk it
‘over or decide individually what you will ask. {will leave you
‘briefly to consider what you will request as payment."

Etrius rises, but as he does so, he doubles over in pain,
then turnsaway. Alert characters, of those who succeed on a
Perception + Awareness rol (dificulty 8) an discern that
the skin of his face nd hands (all they can see of his) seems
to be rippling. Three or more succeses allow characters to
note that there is some sort of movement under his coat (his
body swells and recedes), Etrius resists any attempe from
characters who try to help and motions them to go on with
what they're doing. Straightening, he moves out of thealcove
and to the fr side ofthe room, where he studies the holo-
‘rams and tries to compose himself,

‘The character muy dic things ot deeide indsually
what to ak asa reward. Unless they ask for something thats
literally imposible or so hudicrous not even Eiri could obtain
{nforthem, Erusagrees Ofcourse, iftheyaretoo greedy or what
they demand compromars the Tremere of thew Antawn,
Exrius agrees, but finds a way around fling the bargain. The
‘only thing Eris doesnot agree todo isshow anyone Tremere's
"eeping" form or reveal where he is hiklen (of necessity, this
rmearshe cannot reveal he kxation ofthe ral Tremerechantry
ther). Characters who refuse to give ther blood an take pat
in che ritual are not accepted as uadians.

Protective Sion oF Virae

‘Once an agreement is reached, Exrus accompanies the
soup back to St. Catherine's, where he has his own room.
‘The trip back through the storm iseven more ofa nightmare
than the ride to the museum. Etrus ask the characters to
‘enter his room and asist him i the ritual that binds them all
together. Once within the room, Etrus lights candles to form
‘a circle around the characters and stands in the center. The
characters notice a stack of books with what looks like a
‘Penonal journal on top pled beside the bed.

Errius takes a small amount of blood from each character
and from himself, mixing them in a small bowl. Sabbat
characters may be amused by ot wary of this near cousin of the
Vaulderie. The blood bubbles and tums black as Etrius
intones a quiet chant ina language none of the characters
recognize. Moving around the circle, he dips his fingers into
the blood and smears a tiny rune on each character's fore-
‘head, then draws the same rune on hisown. The touch of the
‘blood briefly burs, then fades, bu there iso other immedt-
ately apparent effect.

Although he places the rune on his own forehead 25 well
as the characters, the ritual, known as the Protective Sigil of
Vitae, has no effect on Etrius. It prevents the characters from,
takingharmful actions toward him or ftom remaining passive
while anything or anyone else threatens him. In exence, the

Tusenvana Growas IV


ritual affects the characters like a blood bond without the
fawning adulation or false love. While they may not sacrifice
themselves to save him, the characters should feel respon-
sible for keeping him safe. The effects wear off in afew weeks
(sce below for information on breaking this effect if the
character wish todow). After the ritual, Etriasexplains that
the flight co Ameria leaves as early as pomible the next
«evening. From this point on, the characters assume responsi-
bolicyfor guarding Etriusand making certain chat the meeting
proceeds as smoothly as possible.

Scene THREE: SUBVERSION
Whatever the characters decide to do after the ritual,
‘one or more of them encounters Tilda, the maid at St.
(Catherine's. Tilda has fallen to Saulot's subversion. Using his
powers when in control of Tremere's body, Saulot reached
out to Tilda, slipped into her mind and made her his puppet.
‘Though Errius and Tremere have curtailed much of Saulo's
activity through their ritual binding, he is sill able to exercise
his dominance of Tilda. Saulot orginally intended to have
the maid slay Etrius while he slept. Now, he's more interested
fn docovering what Etrius has written in his private notes
(and he knows Exrius well enough to understand that the
Swedish Kindred always writes everything down). Saulot
‘needs to make certain nothing he doesn't want known is
revealed. To that end, he has instructed Tilda to find Etrius's
journal in his room at St. Catherine's. The problem? She

‘can't get in his room since it's warded against ghouls. Since
she knows the characters were inside his room earlier, Saulot
knows als,

At Saulot's behest, Tilda approaches the characters on
‘behalf of her unnamed "master" asking them to enter Etrius's
room and steal his journal. In return, she tells them that her
"patton" promises them significant reward — be it in
knowledge, riches, influence or whatever else they desire —
even guaranteed protection from the Antediluvians when
theyarise from torpor, She believes that her master is Tremere

sand that she isfollowinghisorders. Masquerading as Tremere,
‘Saulot has told her that he wants the journals taken away

from Etrius and returned to hit. He has also assured her that
Errius currently lies in a deep sleep akin to torpor. Since she
believes this, attempts to discover ifshe ts lying show that she
‘stelling the truth.

Although the room is locked, Ecrius, in his exhaustion
from dealing with Tremere, did not place any other wards on,
‘it The characters can easly gain entry and grab the journal
they saw during the ritual. Erius doesn't awaken. In fact, he
doesn't wake even if the characters make a concerted effort
to rouse him. Their choices decide where the story goes from,
here. Deliberate attempts to overcome the ritual with Will-
power (difficulty 9, three successes required in an extended
toll) may allow them to throw off the constraints placed on,
them and act against Etrius. Or they might decide that
protecting Etrius is in their best interest.

ANIGHT ON THE Town

their rooms or gather in the

fatigue and locks himself ip his own room. What Ecrios
expects may not be what the characters decide tides,
however. Some characters may brave the downpobt to
discover more of what lies behind Eitias's decision to
rect with the Sabbat: If they have beeti to the false
chantry.theyhave undonbtally notice thatthe Tremere
appear neve hep ba ved tat ation,
‘y may noticed ane or watchers sanioned,
along the route from the i
Kindred retained to inconspicnoey

ing with the characters.
eee arte

they can fad yosogeeT tag
is either inthe

since Bish tide WO nie

tells chem what she knows in

provect her — from what she

know is chat all Tremere in'

into the "showease" chantry

however, instead is)
chantry) and told 1

pate)

an 10.

Bape

the Tremere Councit

tp willingly guide the characters there or toactompany
sthetn fearing what they might encounter.

the characters insist on investigating the chancry
they visited in the lat act, Fortchrit, che Storyteller
ft resertrer 92s venice
‘every conceivable ‘and mundane means of dis- |
couraging entry. ‘are truly serious about
‘keeping anyone out of the chantry whom Saulot might
influence oe Deeninate. Mose intruders eee
tno torpor fom massive ¢

If the characters somelow ta

teach the chamber that con fete)
under the aacient warlo'¢ control. The characters
must achieve three asccenses on x Willpower roll (dfi-
culty 8) to avoid the overwhelming metal
{fchey fall under hissway,:

pony Etriys in ordes to, Daptealer sneak ye
sn the Storyteller whether Saulot as ther interfere in
‘Tremere' plans (thus tipping Saulét'shand). Once they
fre far enough from Saulot, hiscontro ipsa litle more
exch night. [fthey can resist: to Vienna for wo
months, the control breaks completely (after all. the
warlord is not. at his full power),

Tee Acoumc


Although the journal holds copious notes on every: entries on Thaumaturgy, the following excerpts should
thing from the nightly running of the chantry to cryptic prove the most interesting:

"SS What I haye long feared is true: does not rest-alone.
The essence of Sauist ehh guise itor
S supremacy within his flesh. 0 35° seems
out buthisrevel tans [Bae natenen stay Lat sorte

cabout this sig
from Tremere that he controls his own flesh. Too of ten | have bli
| followed orders detrimental to our Ered under the delusion that't!
- pearl rombim. Theothersmustnotknow untillcandeterminethetrath
of thematter, i +g

eee

PY __ Kindred throughout the world will shudderin the aftermath of anv'
Ancient's risc:and demise. We have known for same time that sal

awakening of the Antediluvians is imminent. Even now weseek toc
the clan to'arms for the coming battle. We cannot assume the ot! 1
Antediluvians willwekomeTremercamdng them. Fromallikayeheard
said. the othersifoved Saulot as the best amtons them, Although
undoubtedly misled them, they are unlikely to of fer.quarter to the one a
they believeslewtheir brother, — é XS

Tremereior perhapsit wasSaulotaknew of theAncient'simpending
fall before our astrologers told him, Is there some connection among the
brood of Caine's childer that one feels whatanother experiences? And a
what doesit mean that so manu disparate forces unite to slay the One! ©
Who Rises? Although we wield many pawns and.clains many allies, 7
fear that we mau lack cnoush taghand ASAinst OUT Many cHeMtics.
Without Tremere wholeandsauewehave hohopeat all.

eee .

Inaust question whether theAncient mentionedinthepr ucanbe »
tra Se Pe ct a en
&

Deathanduet now know better thananuother athneednotend
the existence of such powerful Kindred. If Saulotcoul> transfer bis~—
consciousness to Tremerg when the master ¢ the Amaranth
uponhins, thereisnoressontosupposethatotherAntediluvianscould not
and have not 5 done the sRme, Does this mean that Lasornl Rayo
Nieiegeretece ee inside those whosousht their power? If 0,
theSabbatisin for aterriblesurprisc, ‘
Beyond this question looms an even larger one. If, as rw and
escholarshipgmply, theclanf ownders dial Dd their sires. whoistosat
those unbelievably powerful children of Caine did not also survive \
through thestrateguof hiding within those whoskw them? Mfearthat
‘ aglitheGehenna scholars are wrons. —
=> The of Nod tells. us "And you will know theselast buthe —~
"Time of Thin Blood. which will mark vampires that ca\ Beget, your
willknow them by the Clanless, who willcome torul...." Wl > =
; ‘ f

Tworwna Gsonas V
bd


RS

Bie # 2 7
Le i isoteee metiok beat the two parts of this section
© referto the same populace. We know. blooded exist. We have
evenheardsomeot their vaunted, eR Hat if iuienoubetaittt
whoaretheClanless, but, iinciagh rc whoexisted before
*theclans were founded? H we fear the Antediluvians, how
much more powerful might their sires be? How do we fight what we
Usannot comprehend? X
be S Go " rs
— Wehave begun, Mulons guardianshipsives meinsight into Tremere.
Teandicerowehen hecontralssanen mina babu Sash ircehto
answer for. Nishthu he torments Tremere, twisting his flesh intéever
Ponor, Hors i orms. trying to break him. Yet the master prevails. We
work to free him from thisintolerable torture and to trap Sawlot so that
his private Juhad goes no farther than the sarcophagus bencath ti
chantry. Loraw the sisils and the ritual circles while the war
slumbers. I prepare to perform the ritual at Tremerd's command. His

freedomlieswithinour reach, yet the risk isgreat tobothotiys.
oe

IfcelSaulot within mm mindevenf romse far below anothroushall 9

the wards can devise. fought suchassaultsonce before, when Goratrix=.

sought to slau me. Somehow. | must continue despite the barrage. |

havepreparedallasT remerecommands, yet fear whatistocome. t

canlexpect wherslaccept hisessence? Will subsume me? Willtherestill

Ff
bean Etriug:

e ge" s

thavemadetheinitialcontactansiMca V ukos: haaasrecoPorncet with
me. He — or perhaps Ishould callin "it" now —Can Keelse in light of
shebene revise naturcof theprophecuandthepotentia fortheSabbat
inmuof fer. A

eee

It is Done. Tremere rests within IneAnd Sault remainggwithin
Tremere'sbodu. L.. weent wise rach ling toallow@ pot her
a separatencss Ican ie I Amirns through ine,
overpowering, impossi


eg hth
‘AnD to aathaeat the
Ringstrasse, No untilweas nrccrtainthat
Sauilot cannot take their minds and use thems to free hime BS il
him for hgmatanat er igessence eta inandwe weak
‘ApS owr visila nce. wish Icoulotrust onc of us tosuari Wie eine
Paverer car tokave him without watchers.

eee A

h

a. pe a
assist mp Oymy Cause. < Anew all o& them — |

and L hope Chak may CouSt them, fer add me.
fear that they Wikset- de fhe gcefiminany
negotiations <a & am: matte £0 eran,

pe pelnsy

essence peep nee :
wibeaxable. L must consexve my Strength oc
we shall aot survive wit the meerTiR much
parbabrdiena ams. snpepienn
Er Shows they prove
Gann Met tte
oie) ceive See
Fat. They cannot Coast"
Soha aN pots chon ae ia
swers we havejeither. LE they fake usr
peisones ne Marea the bonds won us;
out eventonlly esciye. |
Mi ng Neuere Se sence
Ge ahead No walter the demise made, hog"
MUO be anh: Weeineve's comUpner as
Batt?) 2 depend on te,

Co

~* : wx

‘Tusonmn Goows
4


‘The characters may read the journals or not as they
choose. They need not give them to Tilda and she has no way
to compel them to da s, though she implies otherwise. She
doesn't have the nerve to take them while the characters
sleep, nor does she pose the characters any real threat.

Dreamsann Reaurry

The following scenes may be used as eransition vignettes
to quickly move through scenes that might happen. The
nightmare scene can be used at any time throughout the
ame, but if your teoupe prefers snapahors oF cutscenes 10
Plying though sich scenes, simpy lor thee and move
onto

prea

"Throughout the day, the characters sleep fithully, dis-
turbed by the sound of screams and premonitions that the
hhouse és collapsing around them. Upon awakening, how-
ver, nothing seems wrong. Heavy raindrops continue to
fall and the city remains preternaturally quiet. Characters
who have the Nightmares Flaw should receive a horrific
vision that incorporates imagery and allegory from Ecrus's
journal, giving them a sense of doom — perhaps a dizxying
picture of a never-ending descent into the depths eerily it
only by candlelight or a view of a blood-soaked, bloated
body along with a feeling that they themselves are trapped
fide that putrid flesh and a flash of Etrius chanting and
diving the stake tnto the character's wormlike flesh just
might distuth theie sleep.

‘Night Flight

Assuming the characters still plan to go along with the
journey aspresented and assumingthey replaced the journal
they took it, Etris awakes jut after wunset and groxgily
accompanies the charactersasthey are driven tothe airport
by Johannes. The rain has stopped and though the streets
are sill slick, more cars are on the road and a few people
move from place to place. The private jet takes off on time
and there are no problems with the flight. The plane
touches down hours later in Atlanta, Georgia. The flight
from Vienna to the East Coast takes nine hours. As Vienna
{s roughly six hours ahead of the East Coast, the characters
leave Vienna at approximately 10 p.m., travel for nine
hours, ariving in Atlanta at 7 a.m. Vienna time, but only
Tam. in Atlanta

Debarking the characters quickly passthrough a cursory
customs inspection, The Storyteller should make customs
slfficult for any character who looks like trouble. Hartsfield
Aieport is notorious for its scrutiny of inbound travels from
foreign counties.

‘A car awaits the conspimey, this one with a young
‘woaun who identifies henwlf'a Sonya: She welenmes thee
to Atlanta and explains that Etrius has set aside a house for
their use while they are in town. She advises them to feed as
they please — the Sabbat are present and Prince Benison has
more to worry about than afew Kinderd visting force night

‘She mentions that they may feed at the aisport if they are
discreet. I they check. Sonva'sauraseemsmuch like normal
‘human with a light tinge that indicates a ghoul. She seems
sincere, nervous and eager to please.

J. Benison Hodge, the Prince of Atlanta, has no idea
‘what Etriusindoing in the cityand hopes he can persuade the
‘powerful Tremere to confide in him when they meet the
following evening. The prince feels flattered that Etrius
chose his city, beliewing that it was due to his reputation as a
staunch supporter of the Camarilla

‘Sonya explains that she will return tomorrow to chauffeur
them in the early evening hours. Just before leaving, she hands
‘one ofthe characters (the best-looking male)acell phone and
svnumber where Prince Benson's asistants may be reaches in
a emergency. It shoukd be obvious thatthe prince knows who
Etriusis and is taking pains to make the Tremere and his guests
feel welcome. After all,» boon extended to such powerful
Kindred cersninly eeaps benefits in the future.

‘Scene Four: WARM WeLcoMe

Etrius chose to meet Sascha Vykos in Atlanta because
the city boasts an international airport and is situated on
the East Coast, yet it doesn't seem an obvious destination
for a Tremere councilor. Unknown to Etrius, however, the
city has recently become contested ground between the
‘Camarilla and Sabet. Wanting toknow how tough Ecrias's
‘guards are so thatthe Sabbat keeps the upper hand, Sascha
‘and his own bodyguards use the tense situation to stage a
little test. Under cover of the tension that grips the city
and using several shovelheads (newly Embraced shock
troops) as cannon fodder, they attack the house to see
what sort of fight the characters can muster. They don't
{intend for their ill-trained and weak recruits to actually
win; they just want what they might face ifthe nego

‘Sascha gains the upper hand in the mecting. The enig-
matic Trimisce already feels nervous being in an ontcnsibly
‘Camarilla held city and meeting Etrius again for the first
time in a long while.

The house Prince Benison arranged forthe characters is
4 emall, unassuming Victorianrstyle cottage set behind 3
stone wall and « meandering garden near the edge of town.
‘The areais large and isolated enough that odd things happen:
{ng around the house attract no notice from the neighbors,
Yet it remains within the city ann is vercfone « fo likely
target for Lupines. It has a cory living room, kitchen and
pantry, two baths, several bedrooms and a few senall rooms
including one witha billiards table. Thete is abo a basement
with aconcrete floor and acaml space in le ati. Although
there are several windows, each is equipped with thick,
‘overlapping curtains and the beds all feature canopies with
‘curtains that can be drawn around them,

Te Aone,


‘After the characters settle in, let them briefly internet
with Etrius. They may have several questions for him. after
all. He seems very tied, almost drained, and his answers
‘amble off the subject and intospeculation conceming whether
the characters can take over the brunt of the negotiations in
the meeting with Sascha. He repeats several times that he is
willing to agree to almost anything to achieve the accord he
seeks. Etrius slips into sleep, then comes awake moaning asa
particularly violent spasm wracks his body. The characters
<leatly se that his face contorts as he rushes from the room
10 the bedroom he has chosen for his own. Once he reaches
the bed and pulls the curtains around himself, he again falls
nto such a deep sleep that he cannot be awakened by les
than Gehenna itsel.

Jast asthe charactersate thinking of retiring, the Sabbat
troops attack.

‘Tue Arracn

‘Two shovelheads have been Embraced for each charac-
ter in the coterie, These frenzied half-starved vampires crash
through windows, erupting into the characters' midst unless
the charactershave set upsome sot of guard to watch outside
the house. They have only a few minutes left until sunrise. If
the characters were not keeping watch, the attackers surprise
them. Once the shovetheads engage the characters, a few
‘Sabbat recruits who have not yet proved themselves take
pPowhots through the windows with cheap, discount-store
shotguns. Two of the True Sabbat run forward and throw
molotay cocktails through the windows at different areas of
the house then flee. The character" players must make a
Courage roll to avoid Rotschreck, as must the newly mumned
‘vampires attacking them.

‘The characters should feel that they are under serious
assault, but unless they are truly incompetent, they should
be able to overcome their attackers, douse the flames, then
find and disarm the two gunners ot atleast chase them of
All the snipers know is that they were told to come here
along with the shovelheads and prove their competence
They believe the whole city is under attack and warn the
characters that the city i even now falling to the Sabbat
They do not know Sascha's name, nor have they seen it,
They do know the pack leader's name— Fairuza—and that
they were under her direction. They know that the pack has
been staying in an abandoned warehouse and can lead the
characters there, if necessary.

At some point during the battle it may occur to a
character that Etrius has not appeared. They may wonder if
hh i stil safe and go to investigate. If anyone thinks ofthis
within three tums, they can thwart the half-hearted attempt
by three ofthe pack members to spirit the sleeping Methuselah
away while the battle rages elsewhere. The three run when-
{vet opposition appears, fleeing into the darkness (courtesy
cof theit Lasombra) unless the characters have some means to
stop them. Ifthe characters wait longer than three tums to

investigate, by the time they reach Etrius's room, the window
stands open and he is gone.

anyone phones for help from Hodge's assistants, they
Promise aid, which arrives within 20 minutes. By then, of
course, the battle ts probably over,

Assuming that the characters fend off de aturck and
keep Etrius from being kidnapped, they can also call
Prince Benison's contacts after the fight and demand that
ghouls be sent over to protect them during the day. One of
Hodge's ghouls, Leslie — a huge man with « proxigious
taste for Kindred blood — dispatches three ghouls with
several guns to do so. The characters may sleep undis-
turbed. Conversely, if they don't call Prince Benison
cither some characters must attempt to remain awake
throughout the day or trust to luck. No more attacks occur
during the day. The ghouls use most of their time to board
over broken windows. They explain apologetically that
unless the characters want to tansfer wa hovel, the prince:
currently has nowhere else they can stay, and the hotel is
not secure.

Ifthe Sabbat has taken Etrus it is far too close to dawn
fo he character to track ther. They have to wat until the
sun sets the next evening.

At some point, the characters may question how the
‘Sabbat knew where to find them. The obvious conclusion
Is through someone inthe prince's camp. They may suspect
‘Sonya or one of the ghouls sent to guard them. In fact,
Fairuza got to Benison's ghoul, Leslie, several nights ago and
convinced him that in return for the continued unlife of his
master and for his own worthless hide and a nonstop supply
‘of vampire vitae, he should report anything out of the
ordinary to her immediately. Fairuza and her pack often
serve as the infamous Sascha Vykos's bodyyuands. She
arrived in town early to check things out and learned from
Leslie that "someone important" was staying at the cottage.
Two plus two made four, end of story. It matters little
whether the characters figure this out and expose Leslie.
"That isn't thet purpose here.

THe Opposmon

‘These are examples of the characters' opponents. If they
scem averly weak ar rong for your troupe's characters,
simply change their generations, Traits or anything else to 4
mote appropriate rating. Remember, however, that this is
only supposed to be a feint against the characters, not take
them eat or put them in toepae

Snoverneans

‘These guys are newly created. They're pitiful cannon
foxkler, though they are surprisingly strong since Fairuca's
pack contains some stronger vampires. Stil, the pack mem-
bers don't even know their names, They're frenzied,
blood-starved thugs who haven't even had time to realize
they're vampires yet. Only the applicable Trait are given.

Turon Grows


‘Clans varies
Nature: vanes
Demeanor: Brave
Generation: 11 or 12
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2
‘Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2
Skdlls: Firearms 1, Melee 2. Security 1. Stealth 2
Knowledges: Computer 1, Investigation 2, Medicine 1
Disciplines: Celerity 1, Potence 1, Fortine 1
Virtues: Conscience 2, SelfCotutrol 2, Courage 4
Mocality: Hosmanssy 3
Willpower: 4
TwoRecnurrs

"These are new members of the pack who were recently
created. They call themselves Rowdy and Razor. They have
begun learning about the Sabbat and now work to earn
themselves a place within it. They hope to become True
‘Sahbat by prowing themselves in thi huttle. Only the appli
cable Traits are given. Other pack members should be fleshed
‘out and named by the Storyteller
(Clan: Beujah ancinitw
Nearares varies
Demeanor: Beas
Generation: 9h
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 2, Incelligence 2, Wits 2
Talents: Alertness 1, Athletics 2, Beawl 3, Dodge 2, lntims
dation 2. Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 1
‘Skills: Drive 1, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Security 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Computer 1, investigation 2, Law 1, Medicine l
Disciplines: Celerity 1, Potence 1, Presence 1
Vireues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 5
Willpower: 6

Tunce True Sannar
These three are proven members of Fainuza's pack
Guggenheim is 9th generation Toreador ansienbu, Dinato
{2 10th generation Lasombra and Flyer isa 10th genera
Hon Teimisce. They ignore everything ebe going on during
the attack. Their job is to kidnap Etrius. Neither

Fairuza nor Sascha expects this to actually work; it's
Justa feint to see if Etrius recognizes that he shouldn't
Fy to kill those chat he supposedly wants to join.

‘These three are the most surprised ofthe pack if they
actually succeed in capturing the Methuselah. The perti
nent Traits are given. Slashes indicate the different Traits
for cach pack member

Ta Acoue
Ei]


(Clan Toreador antiibu/Lasomben/Tsimisce

Natures varies

Demeanor: varies

Generation: 9th/10th/10ch.

Physical: Serength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

‘Sexial: Charoma 33/2 Manipulation 2/3/2, Appearance 3/34
Mental: Perception 32/3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2/33
Talents: Alertness 2//1, Athletics 22/3, Beawl 3, Dodge 2,
Iovimmdation 2, Streetwise 2, Subterfuge 2/3/1

‘Skills: Drive 1.

Knowledges: Computer |, Investigation 2, Law 1, Medicine 1
Disciplines: (Guggenheim) Auspex 1, Celerity2, Presence 2
— (Dinaro) Dominate 2, Obtenebration 2 — (Flayer) Ani-
malo 1, Auspex 1, Vicissitude 2

‘Virtues: Conviction 2, Instinct 2, Courage 4

Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 6

Scene Five: DertLous Duties

If the characters stopped the attack and foiled che
Lidaspping, they may briefly meet with Prince Benison
the following evening. The prince ts apologetic about the
attack and seems particularly solicitous of Ecrius. For his
part, Etrius seems distant, answering in monosyllables and
cleatly wanting vo discharge this duty and get away. He

declines an invitation to the theater, claiming pressing
busines elsewhere,

‘Once back at the house, Etrius dismisses the ghouls
and tells the characters that they must attempt to bargain
with Sascha on his behalf. Ifthe characters tell Etrius that
they know Tremere's spirit is inside him, he explains that
the must conserve his strength for the next meeting — the
‘one that this meeting precedes. He explains that it is
absolutely essential for everyone's safety that no one else
dascover that he harbors Tremere's spirit within him.
‘Otherwise, he simply tells them he always intended for
them to assume this tole since they are acting as his guards
and assistants

Etrius asks the charseters to achieve every concession
they can imagine so that they are all as protected as
‘pomuble. At the least they must insist that they all act as
his guards and make certain the Sabbat do not have more
suards at the meeting than Etrius does. He adds, however,
that if there are points that ate obviously non-negotiable
that they must give in and request some other concession
‘offset them. It is more important that the meeting take
place than that they remain entirely safe or gain all the
‘concessions they want.

Finally, he explains that Sascha is acting as a go-
between to-arrange a meeting between Etrius and Goratrix.
Lf the characters were among those who escorted Goratrix
to Ceoris long ago, they probably have memories of him —

‘good or bad depending on their interactions with him at
that time. Goratrix undoubredly remembers them, which
gives them a far mote personal stake in the mission than
they might have believed,

Near midnight, a van pulls into the driveway of the
cottage. Several figures emenge and make theie way toward
the house. This is Fairuza's pack. There should be one
member for each character. Ifthe conspiracy captured any
‘of the pack the night before and accuse Fairuza of beeaking
the trice during the meeting by attacking them, she coolly
replies that the meeting wasn't until tonight. She takes
any prisoners they want to return but remains uncon-
cerned if they've been killed ot handed over to Hodge
Most weren't True Sabbat and every war pack knows the
consequences of capture. She dismisses further talk about
‘cand says she has brought Sascha to meet with Exri. If
they don't want to meet, she and her pack have better
things 10 do.

(Once Fairuza is convinced the site is secure, she makes 2
call on her cell phone and a SUV pulls up. Sascha Vskos
‘emerges from the vehicle and walks to the cottage.

Even ifthe characters have met Sascha before, if they
hhave not seen it in a while they may not recognize the
disturbingly fleshcrafted Tsimisce priscus. Its weitd alien
beauty is both compelling and repulsive atthe same time
Keeping their minds on che negotiations rather than
simply staring in fascination at Sascha may prove difficult
for the charscters — particularly i{ any are Toreador (a
Willpower roll versus difficulty 7, 8 for Toreador, requit-
ng two successes).

Sascha expects Etrius to speak with it. Etrius manages
‘to remain in the room and nod approval ofthe characters'
negotiations, but says little himself. Theit meeting is
somewhat strained. Sascha was once a promising magus of
House Tremere inthe Order of Hermes. Since its Embrace
{nto the Trimisce clan (a result of a betrayal by Goratrix,
‘who was jealous of the young man), Sascha has considered
the Tremere its enemies — mostly because of Goratrix.
Now it finds itself in the ironic position of negotiating
with Etrius. It mostly liked him long ago, but is now his
‘enemy by both clan and sect: It negotiates on behalf of her
‘old for Goratrix who ts nominally its ally since they're
both Sabbat.

‘On the other hand, Etrius led Sascha to believe that he
ishere conegotiate the defection ofaconspiratorial Tremere
faction from the Camanilla to the Sabbat, motivated by the
recentevents that have caused "schisms within the house of
mystery." He implied that such a move cannot be made
tuntil he meets with Goratrix to work out their centuries:
long feud. Sascha dares not cause that to fall. through
because of personal feelings. It means too much to the
‘Sabbat and might fatally weaken the Camarilla, espectally
since the Gangrel, according to the whispersof some anton,
seem perilously ready to abandon the sect as well. Etrivs

‘Towser Ono V


hed, bue could thin other bait compelling enough to

a meeting with Goratrix. He's in no shape to try

read through Auspex
ster of the Discipline that he knows
uch intrusions. He isn't the second
nothing

gain in such a way that it places
vunter this ploy

authority to
behalf
Goratrix insists that the meeting occur in Mexico
ity. Saacha has already shown the good faith of the Sabby
poeninally Camarilla city ih B
4 trust that this is not some sor of trap laid by
capture h

feels ti

doesn't budge. Eventually, ifthe talks bog down, Etrias agrees,
to this condition.

© Goratrix cannot be certain that Etris
some sort of trick in mind. Therefore, Etriu
physically restrained until the time of the
either be hound and esee
Hand c

taked and transported
There's

ne room for maneuvering here. Th

ree to bind Exrius with man

or they can convince Sa
pack escort him and go along themselve
certain the Sabb
atleast th
Hand

doesn't harm Etrius on the w
Errias agrees
© The characters ans
ing. Since they r
faction, Saschs
line deep
Sabbat, they probably
Others may wo
of thei

they were

demise does not greatly distress the Tremere


‘Sascha concludes the meeting by explaining that Fairuza's
pack will accompany them to Mexico City and act as guards
for Goratrixatthemeeting. Itsaysit wil let them know travel
details tomorrow night, but to be ready to leave for Mexico
just after sunset. The Sabbat leave. Characters obsessed with,
{following them may discover an abandoned warehouse, which,
the Sabbat currently occupy. Any interference there prob-
ably destroysthe agreements made, however, andthe meeting
‘may fall through ns result

Trountesioonne tHe Caprune

the characters failed to prevent Etrius'scapeure, they
hhave three choices. They can wait for the Sabbat to contact,
them —a vain hope, since they got what they came for and
the charactersare just unnecessary baggage: They may try <0
convince any captured Sabbat to tell them where the rest
are hiding, which isn't too difficult if the captives aren't
‘True Sabbat.

Finally, chey can put pressure on Prince Benison. When
the learns that the Sabbat have taken Etrius, Leslie breaks
down and confesses. He knows the woman he's been talking
10 stays in an abandoned warehouse. Leslie can tell the

characters the screet it's on. For his part, Leslie begs for
‘mercy, telling the prince that the Sabbat threatened to
torture and kill Benison if he didn't cooperate. If the

characters are really interested in what happens to this
ror, che Storyteller i» encouraged co find some truly
sgracsome punishment to inflict on him. Then again, they
are better served by locating Etrius

Locating the warehouse within two hours after sunset
allows the character to find Etrius still there. Sascha, who is
amused that the characters ost Etris, but knows the negotia-
‘tons are important, orders the Sabbat toallow the characters
to retrieve their charge and hold the negotiations in the
warehouse. Iftheyarrive more than two hourspast sunset; the
Sabbat are gone, The only chie is a crumpled computer
‘printout confirming reservations to Mexico City via Hous-
ton. The characters must get themselves to Mexico City and
‘and Emus — among 20 miltion people — if they plan to
continue. Etrius proves quite unhappy if they make no
attempe to rescue him even though the Sabbat take him
where he wants to go. Somewhere in the back of his mind,
tras hoped he'd survive this mad scheme.

Scene Six: MeevING oF GIANTS

If the characters are with Etrius at this point, the
Sabbat amive the next evening about a half hour after
sundown to pick them up in their van and SUV. The two
soups drive tothe airport and board a commercial light to
‘Houston. From there, they transfer toa private plane forthe
joumey to Mexico City. The flights are uneventful —
unless, of course, you see fit to punctuate the flight with
something interesting.

‘Upon arrival, the groups clear customs via proxy and
pile into small, empry tour bus. The bus carries them to the
Museo y Ruinas Temple Mayor (Great Temple Museum
and Ruins). Goratrx awaits them in the closed museum
near the «zompandl (the skull rack) where Aztec warriors
displayed the heads of decapitated prisoners, He expects his
visitors to get the implied threat. Nonetheless, he seems
cordial, asking if the characters and Etrius have fed and
offers to have sustenance delivered if anyone requites it
‘Should the characters agree, three obviously poot and
homeless women are brought in soon thereafter and che
characters are told to slake theit thirst. Goratrix offhand:
edly remarks that his people can find somewhere to hide the
bodies. The women do not take this news well. If the
characters don't finish them off, the Sabbat members do.
Etrius does not feed.

Cnasine Down Leaps

1f che characters lost Exrius, they can discover where
the Sabbat has gone through the flight confirmation they
found in the warchouse. The Sabbat took the route through
Houston to Mexico City. The characters must take com-
‘mercial lights che whole way. Once in Mexico, if they stay
focused and don't look too out of place, they can discover
the Mayapan, a trendy nightclub in the Zona Rosa where
Sabbat occasionally hang out to feed from the tourists.
‘There they overhear talk between two Tremere ansiribu
‘concerning an important meeting between Goratrix and
some Camarilla dupe. One mentians the "father's" pen-
chant for meeting visitors at the "Temple Museum." The
characters can discover that this is the Museo y Ruinas
Temple Mayor by asking someone ot looking in a guide-
book. The other laughs and says "That's only because he
enjoys playing with the obsidian knives on display there."
From this clue che characters can find Etrius. Trying to
‘capture the Tremere ancieibu or force them to lead the way
to the museum may work, ifthe characters are persuasive of

brutal enough. The Tremere see no need to fight to the
death but there are other nearby Subbat who might come to
their sect members' assistance.

InTHeMuseum

‘Once they reach the museum. the characters find
‘Goratrix and Faiuza's pack near the skull rack. Sascha has
already et. Staked and helpless, Etriusis aid out on astone
table that must weigh several hundred pounds. Goratrix
watches with an amused smile on his face while Flayer deftly
‘cuts away Etrius's shirt with an obsidian knife and motions
asthouh he is ready to peel Etriuss skin from his body. The
former Tremere councilor leans over his motionless victim
and says, "I always wanted to do this. While my asistant
diverts your attention, | shall read you and discover any
duplicity you planned. Perhaps if discover you are serious
about the purpose of this meeting, and if you survive the
fight, we may even let you pathetic weaklings join the

Towonvann Growcs V

@


Sabbat. But you will become my slave to pay 6
arrogance. in any case. Lonly wish [could hear your
as Player works He is such an artist."

The characters may intervene by attacking the Sabbat
who certainly aren't expecting, them, of by demanding
Gonstete stop and threaten to inform his superiors in the
Sabbat thac he's throwing away a deal that enhances the
‘Sabbat's power. Ifthe characters insist that the Sabbat allow
them to act as Etrius's advocates, Gor
and allows them to do uo. He wewtakes
Private talk — within shouting distance of their guards, of
‘course. Goratrix havalways been arrogant. He doesn't believe
that Etrius can offer him serious competition, expecially
when the Methuselah seem« 40 weak and shaken

Private Consuttation

Whether they reach this point through accompany
ing Etrius o¢ finding him after he's been taken by the
Sabbat, the characters are now observers and guards t
offset the Sabbat present. Goratrix and Etrius move away
from the group — just out of the line of sight —leaving the
characters to glare at Fairuta's pack or to talk with them as
they see fit.

They can just hear Goratrix say, *l cannot trust you

less you freely open your mind to me and allow me to read
you." Etrius says quietly, "l came prepared to do jus
They can hear the two walking off into an alcove,
silence. Several minutes later, everyone heats hoarse xream
that abeupely cuts off. Presumably, the characters and the
pack both investigate

In the room, they see Ettivs on the floor, holding his
head, and Goratrix standing over him, just sai
Blood tears bathe both thei faces. Gorattix seems to shu

ifhis body were racked by a
he turns to the group, impassive and somehow more intim
dating than he was just moments before.

He speaks the truth," Goratrix says. "We mast allow
hhim free passage from Mexicn 10 that he may retuen and
prepare. We have won a great victory! These others," he
says pointing to the characters, "muat stay here to assist ine

make." He speaks to Fairuza,
telling her and her pack to escort Etrius to the airport and
let him go. Fairuza tries to argue, saying that the characters
cannot be trusted. He stops her and orders her to comply.
She does 4, sill rote
meters alia protest. Coeatei: astrw
them he means no harm and that they can quite soon, If
necessary, he Dominates them. If this happens, the charac
ters do not feel just the wual compulsion, but experience
something hellchly ak
flames. Whether they like it or not, they're saying


Wat ACTUALLY Happenen,

All the time that Tremere has been inside Etri, they
have been preparing and performing the preliminary steps to
Level 1O ritual that allows Tremere to take Goratrixs body,
The final key tounlockingtheritual's power was to penetrate
the ancinw's mind. When Goratrix demanded that Etrius
‘open his mind to him and opened his own so that be could
access Etrus's thoughts, he opened a conduit. Tremere used
that to slip inside Goratrix's body, take over after a brief
struggle and expel Goratrix.

‘Tne ExpLaNaTion

‘Once the Sabbat have left, "Goratrix" curs to the
characters and thanks them for their efforts on his behalf. If
they read Exris's journal, Tremere doesn't bother with
pretenses. He assumes they know that he's taken Gorateix's
tbody and expelled the other vampire's essence. Ifthey have
rot read the journal, Tremete tells them what just hap-
pened. Heexplains about Saulocand tells them that Goratrix
1nd most of the Tremere antioibu have fallen too far out of
line with the original House Tremere's purpose to be of any
tue to him. He asks for the characters' help in wiping them
‘out If sere are Sabb smong the characters he appeals to
them with the argument that they are slaying selfish, rogue
clements who corrupt the Sabbat for their own whims. He
ives Tremere antiibu in the conspiracy one chance to
survive. They must swear allegiance to Tremere and agree
toa blood bond. Tremere immediately slays those who do
‘not agree to help him, This is far too dangerous to trust
another Kindred to keep her silence. If they help him kill
the anmby, however, they implicate themselves and be-
‘come subject to the penalty the Sabbat inflicts on anyone
who murders their members.

(Characters may pretend to agree and secretly intend to
stipaway. Tremere sees through thet stratagems as if ooking
through clear glass. They either assis him or die. Smart
characters recognise the futility of refusing and hope that
‘events transpire to free them. Then again, some characters
probably jump at the chance to off the Tremere anita

Foc now, Tremere wants the characters to accompany
him toa place he knows of from ripping the knowledge from
Goratrix's mind. He explains that it a college of magic
where Tremere animbu are taught thaumacurgy. The charac-
tershelp him prepare the area fr the great ritual in which he
slays the aniembn.

Concennmo Gonatant
Tremere doesn't think that Goratrix could possibly
know how to move to another body. After all, only an

Ancediluvian could perform such a poweeful (Level 10)
‘taal He assumes his rebellious one time apprentice is now

dead. Truly evil Storytellers might consider whether there
could be any Giovanni nearby who might capture his disem-
bodied spirit and use it against Tremere late...

Scene Seven:
Summonsin Mexico

‘The Universidad del Tercer Cireulo del Serpiente
‘Dorado lies buried a quarter mile below the ground on the
outskirts of Mexico City. Within a ruined access tunnel of
the sewer lies the hidden entryway. Warded against intr
sion, the entry leads to a long series of stairs and ledges
beneath the streets of the city, leading ever downward.
With the correct Thaumaturgical ritual, the Tremere
amitribu need no external light source. Tremere knows all
the paswords, gestures of negation and all the rituals
Goratrix knew.

Beyond the stairs Wes u vestibule where a great white
alligator makesher nest. The antitibuand any with them pass
‘unmolested. Behind a gilded doorway lies the chantry, sev
eral rooms with ancient tomes and magical paraphernalia,
small areas obviously used by individuals as sanctum, and a
large room with a vaulted ceiling hosts a conclave of the
Tremere antivib.

(Over the next few weeks Tremere (as Goratrix) forbids
any other antieibu from coming to the chantry. explaining
that he is preparing an important ritual to give all the
"anuieibu the power to withstand the terrible wrath of the
Antediluvians. If your troupe enjoys night-to-night de-
tailed play. they may busy themselves during these week
buying up a great deal of the purest silver they can find,
helping to forge rings from it, assisting in inscribing small,
sigils into the rings and aiding Tremere in drawing an
‘enormous circle of power in the conclave room. They also
sprinkle some sort of powder over the few volumes that
‘Tremere does not pull off the shelvesto keep. They may also
feed with reckless abandon — Mexico City teems with the
laneest population of any city on Earth.

‘Atsome point, Tremere leaves them for several hours
sand returns later looking more vigorous than he has since
taking Goratrix's body. If the characters have cultivated
any informanesin Mexico ity, they can learn that Fairusa's
pack has disappeared. (Tremere had to find sustenance
somewhere and the pack was becoming annoying trying to
learn what "Gorattix" was up to). Should any of the
characters take this opportunity toescape, wards and traps
inay dissuade her. If she flees outside the chantry with
escape on her mind, she begins to feel excessively warm.
‘The feeling intensifies over the next minute of 10, until
she feels as though she is ahout ro huret into lame. Hf she
does not tum back, she spontaneously combusts and is
immolated in seconds.

‘Tremere arranges forthe ritual to take place on the stmne
night aa huge Sabbat rally where the reactionary vampire
bband Solange and Sabotage is playing. He reasons that every
Sabbat in the city is otherwise occupied, leaving him fee to
perform the ritual undisturbed.

Tussavw Growaus

a


‘The characters and Tremere himself dress in deeply
cowled robes. Each of the characters holds an unsheathed,
blunted sword. Asthe Tremere antiobu enter, each ishanded
a silver ring and told to don it when instructed during the
ritual. Once all ate in the vaulted room, "Gorarix" directs
them to stand in a circle. He asks the characters to take up
Positions surrounding them with their swords pointed out-
ward to guand them from intrusion.

‘Tremere begins a chant, taken up by all the participants,
Individual characters receive instructions to do the follow-
ing: lay down their swords, light incense in several burners
along the walls, anoint each andirbw with scented oil on her
forehead (approximately where Saulot's tind eye would be),
then step behind each participant and mumble a specific
mptical syllable. Allthe while Tremere remains atthe center
of the circle. About in hour into the proceedings, he com-
mands the antimbu to don their rings. Each docs so and
becomes rooted to the spot as ifstaked and paralysed. The
characters see the panic in the participants' eyes. A palpable

aur of terror arises as some enormous power spreads through
coat the oom and outward to the other chambers in the
chantry. To continue with the ritual, some characters may
have to succeed on a Conscience/Conviction roll or lose one
point from their Humanity or Path rating for callously assist-
ing the ancimnbu's destruction |

‘Tremere commands the characters again take up their
swords and step into the center of the circle with him. He
inscructs them to point the blades ourward. Once they are in
Position, he screams out several words ina guttural language
sohharsh it doesn't even sound like a human tongue. The air
seems to vibrate. Starting from the outermost chamber, the
chantry explodes into white-hot flame. The conflagration
rnahes inward to the circle of paralyzed antioibu, instantly
‘consuming them, leaving only columns of gray and white ash
in human shape behind. If any are touched, the column
‘crumbles into ash leaving charred silver circle to fall othe
floor with a tiny ringing sound.

During the firestorm, the characters must succeed on a
Courage rll (dificulty 9) to avoid Rotscheck. Wa character
Adrops her sword and runs out of the circle, she takes aggra-
vated damage equal to direct sunlight for eight turns while
she attempts to escape. By remaining in the circle, she is
subject to only three turns of damage. If she remains within
the circle and continues holding the sword, the fire leavesher
unharmed. Characters who succeed in their Courage rolls
‘may assist those who don't and attempt to keep them within
the circles protection.

Epmocue

After the firestorm, Tremere releases the characters after
warning them that he has a long reach and any berayal of
what they know may cause him to rethink his leniency in
setting them free. Exrus arranges fr theie transportation out
of Mexico to anywhere they wish to go. Before they leave,
‘Tremere tells them to cootact Extn to claim whatever
reward they were promised. Any characters who acted in
‘Tremere's interes throughout the journey may be recog-
nized as allies of the Tremere with the right to call upon the
clan for minor boons in addition to their ather rewards Then
again, being an ally goes both ways.

ArreRMATH.

Toll and dark, unburdened of another's consciousness for
the fis sie on ceraares, he ope the three locks onthe knser
chamber' sdoor, Waving his hand in a complex pattern, Tremere
swept aside the wards barring him entry and stepped into the
chamber. He could feel it even before entering. The att of the
tomb eddied around him, swerling dust about his feet as he stared
«atthe sarcophagss in which he'd spent much of his unbfe
Empey. The great ebomy suake lay snapped im half, cs slvery
‘runes twisted and blackened. As if from a great distance, he
heard the wurkord langhing.



Behold, he cometh with clouds
aan every eye shall se hi
cand they alo which pierced ham

carat all kindreds of

the earth shall

seal because of hi

Revelation 1:7

The scenes that introduce and

de this we
muy be used as cur-scenes to add drama to your game. Cut

1 Three. Should the Storyteller

scenesaredeseribed tn Chi

woh todos, thewescenesadd:

sgame when the characters

Pretmimany Cur-Scent
Apprentice

Ying Let kneel at the side of the dats, heal respecflly
bowed. Having fhe hs part of the nc, he kites 0 is
mind witht hing 0 se the. As the Honable Master es
to place jade sme in sintered rcepace, the temple bel

ling, the reat bells hot nah no Ras Be ue the,
Lam Meng, momenuly nerve, drops the mal clog jade
Inthe sudden silence it lacks acwosthe dais and falls ext a the

pails suprsed apprentice
Master!"

Auif emerging from a long dream, Lam Meng looks down at
his favorite pupa. "He ts free," the ancient geomamcer whispers,
"Our waiting és at an end"

Tiernan tothe clabmately carved calanets Wohin hm, Lan
Meng produces a small key. He unlocks ome cabynet and reach
ins. He takes ont small ker bundle and @ fener Hi

sents them to Ying Le

cannot go. You must
sunughe the sence pessoning. owe
thatthe Wester sorcerer sent for
jade amulet. Go to the sancerer

speaks of Remember that you have fe

Kings. You must mal

nly — from the sua. (
bo rot waste i.
"When you ha
Imuest search forthe re
risen and ma longer hides ham:
not confront ham fot hes penuer sere

berrsyer

tous, Even mow ener brethren bring our eisom t0 the be
westemers, Soom, we shal be meghty enotagh to challenge

cleanse the earth of thee kind. (
Ta
ees shinang with the ere of the hi

Rawos

6

be sei to shit

deserve the

ein We have
nagun Lines. Fn
ne, enon kane

nd help him dese

plac

Take
this web h

alles outs the Muda
rah fort Few

nce usd, is poawer is gone, s

nhresterang us,
From the Pes, we knw he
sthen another Final hm, hat

Mark his pasungans

with my Blessings.

we the amulet and the letter, Ying Let bones aad leaves,


DRAWING THE THREADS
ToceTHer

Many plot lines converge here in the final
‘Transylvania Chronicles, weaving together the tapestry of
the many events that shaped the characters' unlives. The
story in intended woe upevery lose en ox answer every
‘question. Instead, it ends some stories while beginning new
‘ones. The world the characters once knew is gone, even in
Transylvania, What wasonce a backward, superstitious place
now sport an ugly mexlernism ushered in by deposed dictator
Nicolai Cenucescu.

Cenucescu insisted on having his own nuclear power

on for his renovated capital. In Romania, though. things
never go quite as intended. From the fist, the workmanship
proved unbelievably shoddy. The station had to be almost
totaly rebuilt between 1989 and 1996, when one reactor
finally went on-line. Since then, cost cutsand the breakup of
the Soviet Union have precluded the country from continu
Ing adequate maintenance measireson the facility, leaving it
vulnerable to accidents like the one at Chernobyl

Another's hand moved alongnide Ceaucescu's in the
building of the power station, constructing something far
more sinister. The characters may lear this the hard way
Despite its modern flavor, Romania sil has cause to fear —
not the monsters of old but the new ones that stalk the night
beneath its nuclear-powered streetlights.

Kindred capable of surviving the modern nights must be
both resourceful and strong. In theithundreds of years, the
characters have proven themselves, Now Gchenna is here,
and the final signs of Kupala are not far away. Some scholars
of the Final Nights claim thatthe signa speak only of diffi:
ties for the Kindred of Transylvania. Others say these ate the
trvesignsof Gehenna, that those given in the Bookof Nod are
lies propagated by Sauloc to disguise his part in the Jyhad. A
few — like Lucita, and pethaps the characters —believe that
all the prophecies have some significance.

STORY
BACKGROUNDS

Although separated by centuries, the events of the
following stories converge, meeting in the forgotten comer of
the world known as Transylvania. The players have not
known it until now, but the part they played in bul the
seomantic web marksthem asa partofthe Ancient Nosferatu'
sory. The firs of these tales may be presented to players asa
cutscene, bringing greater insight into thei experience of

the Transylvania Chronicles
ATateor Loveanp Loss

In an epoch before there existed a need for time, two
overs were drawn together by one another's beauty. One


thing marred their love — his obsession with being the most
‘beautiful creature on Earth. His face was marred by only the
tiniest flaw, a hardly noticeable seratch. To him, this infini-
tesimal mark barred him from the perfection he sought. His
sire had caused it when she Embraced him. His lover found
him entrancing despite the minute law, but he could not rest
cesly: He plotted revenge against hsste, achieving tt when
he fooled his grandfather into traveling away from home.
‘While he was gone, the beautiful one convinced his brethren
— including his beloved — to kill their sites. Thus did he
‘punish his sire for maiming him.

‘When his grandfather retuned and learned what his
vain grandon had done, he called him forth and cursed hin,
blasting his grandchilde's face and shape to monstrous ugh:
ness. The most beautiful became the most hideous. As he
harbored in his heart only vanity and bestial harred, x0 he
‘must wear his feelings upon his outer form. Wailing for his
Jost beauty, the one called Nosferatu fled from Caine.

‘Ashe ran, he encountered his love. She recoiled from
him in horror ashe tried to profess his love for her. He cursed
her name then, vowing to destroy her as he had been
destroyed by Caine'seurse. From that night onward, Noxferatu
has worked in secret, hiding his face and his intentions,
resting beneath the unforgiving earth — awaiting the time
when he can call down4 min offireand destruction on his lost
love, Toreador

REMEMBRANCES OF THINGS
Past

Not sollong ago, yet long enough that the characters may
have forgotten many details, they were sent to rebuild a
fortress in Tihuta Pass. There they found the firs of several
ancient writings that called intoquestion Saulot's reputation,
as gentle scholar and healer Those who knew of Saulot
believe him long extinguished, slain and diablerised by
Tremere. The characters now know the truth of the matter.
Further, they may have spread news of this to others, though
moat prove reluctant tolisten orelieve The characters may
even have become part of or founded a Gehenna cult using.
the writings as a basis for their investigations.

The charactersalso meta crazed prophet named Octavio,
‘who told them about hie visions of a great Slavie demon,
«called Kupala, Octavio's pronouncements ofthe sigs of the
demon'srising have followed the characters throughout most
‘oftheir unlives. Octavio surrendered his existence — and his
‘visions —to Anatale. The portentaseenby both Octavioand
Anatole reflect ruming points in Kindred history, events in
which the characters have taken part. The conspinicy then
met Anatole and Lucita at the site of the fortress and first
Iheard that mad Malkavian's prophecies repanding the part
they would play in the unfolding of the signs. Their associa-
tion with Anatole and Lucita has benefited the characters
‘time and again.

Twoother unlives became entwined with the characters
because of the building of the fortress: Myca (now Sascha)
‘Vykosand the enigmatic master builder Zelis. Theit associa
tion with Sascha repeatedly brought them into contact with
the Tremere. On one such occasion, they may have acquired
set of ivory tablets they were unable to translate. Since this
was a time in which few people were literate, much less
capable of translating foreign tones, the characters had 0
way to know the tablets were written in. proto-Chinese
characters. They have never been translated an the charsc-
ters may have lost track of them long since. Several times
during their unlives, the characters interacted with the
‘Tremere, but depending on the circumstances arising from
their latest venue, they may believe theit association with
that clan has ended — or that the Tremere owe them a boon,

Working with Zelios, the group traveled to several
locations around Transylvania, helping to incise sigils and
runes into castle walls and foundations. These serveasanchot
points for a geomantic web, a mystical containment Zelics
believed was meant to keep the demon Kupabs from rising
Zelies has by the beginning of Act Three met Final Death,
and Vlad Dracula has weakened the web, but it sill remains.

Now that web grows ever larger and focuses its power on
tiny area of Romania. The web has grown so strained that
it is about to snap, releasing Kupala and fulfilling sign of
Gehenna. The characters must once again try to avert the
‘worst effects of the End Times.

Naturally, nothing is ever as it seems. A new player, or
rather, an old one, whose undead hand remained unseen
until now. enters the game. The web's tue master, the
Nosferatu Antediluvian who inspited Zelios to construct the
sgeomantic structure hundredsof years ago, finally seeks touse
it to destroy the Toreador Antediluvian. He attempts to use
the web's power tolauncha battery of muclearmasiles again
New York City. These not only carry nuclear warheads but
are equipped with special burst capmules designed to fie off
toward separate destinations before the missles hit. They
carry biological weapons. This plague intended tn wipe out
any survivorsof the blast and to spread sickness far beyond the
radius reached by the bomb, scarred in the blood and infects
‘vampires as wel

In these strange modeen times, however, even the plane
‘of Antediluvians go awry. If Nosferatu succeeds in loosing the
‘missiles, it doesn'tharm his Toreador counterpart. She doesn't
reside im New York. Ironically, as the web originates in
Traneylvania, homeland of the Tsimisce clan, Nowerstu'e
destructive ite falls on Teimisce himself, who supposedly bes
beneath the sewers of Manhattan,

Further, aneven more powerful nce plays with Neserat,
redirecting some of the missiles toward Beijing. Saulor hopes
toprovoke war between East and West, wiping out mantof his
competitors and annihilating the Kuei-jin who might know
enough to destroy him, Thus, even the Antediluvians find
themselves wed ae pawns in others" games.

Renato.


Nuctear missites! BioLoojcat
WARFAREIANTEDILUVIAN'

Relax

‘The Transylvania Chronicles have grown in scope,
ashave the characters within them. What started off as a
‘minor series of personal vendettas has become a sweep-
ing, global affair

‘Such os che Jyhad. Eight centuries ago, who among
‘the characters could have realized that by simply building
the castle in Tihuta Pass, they actualy set in motion one |
of the boldest moves the Jyhad has ever seen? This is a
roencat tot the Storyteller to smile fiendishly and let the
irony of their characters' actions overtake the players,

I che outcomes of this ploy in the Jyhadseem a bit too
severe or epic, bear in mind that they're not intended to
happen ln the nightswhen Nosferatuconcetved the ruse,
‘magic stall had a place in the wuld. Over the intervening
‘enutes, the world has become much more secular and
Langely refuses toaccept the presence of ancient geomantic
webs and vampires.

Sill, auch things exer in the Woeld of Darkness
‘Uno the night of Gehenna itself, fire doesn't rain from
the heavens nor do tides of blood drown cities. The
ancient magic still works, but it works within the param:
etersthe modem world luteadta mt conflagration,
science has given us nuclear weapons. Plagues are not
‘caused by vengeful sorcerer but germs caried by vectors. |
Prophecy comes to life in the terms chat make the most
seme to the modem world. The Antedibuvian's curse
takes the form of our modern millennial fears and plays
upon the fin de siecle that grips the World of Darkness ut
the end of the secon millennium.

We have no intention of putting nuclear weapons
atthe disposal of the characters. We do not desire totum
Vampire into a game of bloodkucking post-holocaust
‘mutant cyborgs. Instead, through these events, weallow |
the characters to become a potent force standing apsinst
the coming Gehenna, pethaps offering them redemp- |
tion in the process. Don't look dr the — granted, very |
potent — array of enemies and catastrophe as a giant
cimemstic sellout designed to send your chronicle along
the path of four-color, high-action superhero comics.
‘See it as the culmination of the Final Nights — the
bomb ticking away that your players' characters hope-
fully manage to defuse with two seconds left. These are
the End Times, nights of apocalypse and the end of the |
‘world. Use that tension. Feed it to your players and put
them on the edges of thei seats.

Remember that this whole ploy — the entirery of the
‘Transylvania Chronicles — is just a single move in the
Great Jyhad.

You have more stories to tell.


‘The Antedilovians stir, Hidden warlords exploit even
the most powerful. Western vampires finally discover that
everything ey hinow snay be wrong Gchera is here. The
fint blows have already been struck and the world as the
Kindred see it awaits salvation or destruction.

Ratherthanthe machinationsofultrapowerful Cainites,
however, t1sthe characters actions that determine whether
‘Nosferatu succeeds in using the web or not. In the end, the
choice is theirs. They may let the missiles go, destroying
Manhattan and Beijing and keeping Kupala imprisoned ot
‘cop the missiles by beeaking the web and freeing the demon
to wreak havoc on Easter Europe. Sach choices have con-
fronted them throughout theirunlivesand probably continue
todo.so as long as they exist.

Act THREE:

END OFTHE AGE

One of the characters receives a call soon after rising for
the evening. Lucita dentifiesherselfthen tells the charactet
that she needs to see the conspiracy immediately. She ex:
plains that Anatole has foreseen something and needs to
speak with all of them. If the character has kept in contact
with the others, Lucita asks chat he inform the others and
fequest meeting in two night's time at any place the
character wishes. If the character doesn't know where the
others are, Lucita calls each individually and asks ther to
imcet at the place suggested by the frst one she call.

Later scenes depend on the group having posession of
set of ivory tablets they might have acquired in Dark Tides
Rising. If the characters do not have them (for whatever
reason), Lucita has them and beings them with her. She
‘eoplains thar she has been trying o find someone to translate
them — unsuccessully, though one source thought they
might be some form of Chinese. She gives the tablets to the
characters, saying that Anatole's vision implies thar they
should keep themand find the penion whocan tell heen what
thetabletssay.lacharacter isin posession the tablets,
Lita tells her to bring them along.

‘Scene ONE: VISITATION

‘Wherever the group decides to meet, Lucitaand Anatole
amviveonceall of chem are there, Ifthe characters don't have
the tablets, Luita hands them over and explains a above.
‘Anatole comes in with his eyes closed, moving as though he
can see anyway. Those who haven't seen Anatole in recent
years hardly recognize him, Where he was once unkempt and
tmanic, he now exudes the haunted seriousness he acquired
upon diablerising Octavio. He opens striking blue eyes and
looks at each character, then begins to speak, his words
almose falling over themselves in his rush to impart his vision.

"Lsce the tales in iwory laid bare before you, « friend who
‘snot friend speaking their secrets into your ears. Spread

‘overhead and pressing against the sky ses knotted, pulsing
web, Mirroring it below, a labyrinth nuns, flowing with the
‘car's power. Youstrugele within that tngle. [see at broken;
{see it whole. All around les devastation. Phague- blackened
‘corpses ro in piles, death smiles echoed by the blowing ashes
‘of our kind that darken the very skies: The earth heaves,
vomiting forth tssrage to hide the Ancients' thunderous se
"The dragon moves over the land, opening his brother's veins
to let flow his violent blood as silver birds with tongues of
flame descend from the heavens to bring down the ruinous
moon upon the sleeping city He who cloaks his deeds in aie
seeks retribution, yet brings only blo tears and ashes in his
wake. World without end, ends. Amen."

Leave the players to decide what thismeans. As always,
‘Anatole himself doesn't know what he said. He never e-
imembersthe wonds when he leavesthe trance. The characters
ave certain to understand at least part of his vision and may
speculate concerning the rest: Don't prevent them fom
doing so, but don't give anything sway either.

WHAT THE Vision MEANS {

Eventually, «they leam more throughout the wory, |
the characters may put together most of the chic ts
‘Anatole's vision, but the Storyteller shouldn's be kept |
‘wondering. The tales i ivory ate what the ivory tablets |
impart conceming Saulot (or Zad-Lat as he is named in
the writings). The inscriptions oa thew are writin in an |
ancient forma of Chinese. They can be easly translated by
‘Ying Lei, but takes just about anyone else the characters
could locate at least two years or more to wade through. |

‘The web and labyrinth are the geomantic web and _
the ley lines (known to Eastern Kindred a "dmgon |
lines"). The corpses and ashes are the results if the —
characters don't stop the missiles. Ying Let can cleanse |
the dragon lines ifthe web is broken. The silver birds ate |
the missiles themselves and he who cloaks his deeds in air |
refers to Nowra, whose powers of obfuscation make
things seem to disappear into thin ai

‘Assoon as he has spoken his prophecy, Anatole turns to
Lucia and says, "I've told all. May l die now?" Naturally, she

says "no," and signals the other characters to express theit
regaed for hes Malkavian companions Whatever the charac:

ters do, after a few minutes, Lucita gently tells Anatole that,
it's time to leave. He turns buck at the door, smiles and says,
"He made me the harbinger of Gehenna, but you hold all the
eyo Is that ionic or funny?

SceneTwo:

‘SuMMONSTO TRANSYLVANIA
‘Almost a ifsummoned by Anatole's vision, a torrential
storm breaks overhead a few minutes after Anatole and
Lucia leave. Thunder crashes, lightning flashes and rain
floods the streets. In the midst of the deluge, there's a knock

Rowanors:


‘on the door (or «figure approaches, depending upon whether
the characters have met in public ot private place). Who-
‘ever opens the door sees a drenched figure standing in the
pouring rain holding out a parcel that looks as though i is
wrapped in plastic. Behind him, almost invisible in the
downpour, car idles, headlights barely illumining the road
before tt-Once someone takes the parcel, the figure aks hirn
togn his lst showing acceptance ofthe package, then turns
and leaves. All he knows is that his courier service received
the parcel from overseas and was told to deliver it to this
focation at this time. The sender specified hand delivery. The
characters may kill him for a quick snack or suspect that he
kknows something important, but he's just delivery boy. If
they kill him, however, inquiries from the delivery service
should make things unpleasant in the future as this was the
‘only delivery in this area this late in the evening.

master libearian of Coors, A Tremere whone chief interest les
snmystical knowledge and artiacts, Celesyn traveledlong ago
tothe landsof Cathay, There he leamed much conceming eng
sha and geomancy. On his rerum. to Easter Europe he
discovered that Transylvania, indeed mach of Romania, hes
within a gigantic web of power that even now builds to some
‘unknown climax. He understands that it confinesademon, but
abo suspects it has another, more sinister, purpose. Realizing
that he lack the knowledge to discover the web's tm extent,
the asks for help from one ofthe Kuei-in and from these who
helped create it — the characters

‘The letter inside the package &s addressed to all the
characters and reads as fallow:

ion an abruj

tof pve th pte agony

‘my clan, (et me assure you
(eta fing he f face fps

patie nantl we

IF naatcis
is constructed so |

the only es who know the (cation of the webs Cast andor
merece
power, Knowing of
U have also inva nh les avant aa asap in somency SEER EI ON,
's prison.

TKaow sere WCeatat foe
tocommand the entity the web imj
becomes more vulnerable ait
Pome haw al

to join us in vor to prevent the
Although I hope that you
F eligue
the resting brid
J cannot say, but even knowledge
todke right buyer. re
matters that
Meet mein.

clteeamieatone

deka choose to join me,
you pe
Glenys of ak Tenerd

summons | hope, fu your presence here i
sence mass (dts Of Cle While wae of

fro Tou pes te en

phd ered et

four Antedfuvians One ws Salon Whe

hey were ob ene time say pone
ery iegtpecas Lae Sere Nps concen em

re eat te dk wwe at citadel got
now. Ifyou choos not t9 come, please have to courtesy to end a courier wi

While it is true chat the resting places of three
Antediluvians is worth a considerable amount to certain
perties, i is almost certain that these powerful vampires no
longer remain in those locations. finding the Antediluvians
playsa particularly significant role in your chronicles, se the
sites as jumping off points where clues leading to the
‘Antediluvians' current locations can be found. ithe charac:
ters are uninterested in such knowledge, Celestyn offers a
more desirable inducement

It is up to the characters to make their own travel
arrangements. Whatever method they choose to reach Ro-
mania, they should be able to meet Celestyn beneath the
<lock tower in Sighisonra on time.

‘Scene Ture: Toe AMBusH

Although the characters donot yet realize st, the
Nosferatu Ancient and several ofits clan whom it has cowed
into obedience, know of Celestyn's plansand move to thwart
them. The Nosferatu brood kidnaps Celestyn and replaces
hhim with a double crafted with primal Vicisitude. They hope
the characters do not know Celestyn well and are not suspi-
lous since they are expect to meet him at the clock tower,
‘Naturally, the characters may very well suspect something
and derail Nosferatu's plans

When the character arrive in Romania, the weather,
which has plagued them throughout their joumey. worsens.
Despite the pouring rain and high winds that whip through
the town, "Celestyn" wats beneath the archway under the
clock tower. Under his hat, his blond hair lies plastered to his
stall while his trenchcoat hangs forlorly on his muscled

is vital. For
may have
tied mean
usall. You gain nowhere ase

isi end Tn frase al yon

ign arly tik
patin| Sec lice scented

reste oe
Mhis Tremere and Etro origina foes on

fap fel

the other three sill remain in those (cations
valuale — if not to you. then
and cccult ©

Rhatrgee =|

midn
fuse


badly. He greets the characters in Romanian, switchit
English if they seem rusty in theit use of the other language.
He tells them that he has.a house nearby where they can all
tall moce comfortably

Successful Auspex rolls determine thatthe false Celestyn's
aur is pale, nervous, excited, cautious and determined. It
does not show any evidence of magical ability, asic would i
hhe knew Thaumaturgy. Alert characters might pick up on
this and conclude that the vampire is not Tremere and
therefore not Celestyn. He isactually Mibailof Sinaia, leader
of a Gehenna cult of Nosferatu. It takes concerted effort to
elicit answers from the false Celestyn since he fears "the
father" far more than the characters. Enough pressure forces
hhim to confess that he and several others captured Celestyn
and hoped to find out what he and the characters know. He
ties to persuade the characters to go to the house anyway,
explaining that that is where he is holding Celestyn. Further
Persumsion ts needed before he tells the characters of the
planned ambush since he hopes to turn the tables on therm.
Ifthe characters unmask Mihail and he doesn't escape dur
a subsequent ambush, Storytellers may adapt Scene Four 50
that they meet only Ying Let; He does not have a capeured
Mibail with hie.

Unless the characters suspect "Celestyn," they probably
follow him to. small house at the end of anarrow alley where
hisclarimates be arabush the group. He unlocks the

door and steps inside, beckor
ambushers wait, Obfuscated
humishings. They
and closes the door. Should the characters wie: the battle
they may question any survivors anddiscover the real Celestyn
staked in the root cellar.

them to follow, The

zack as soon 1s the last character enters

However the characters reach the house, the attackers
hhope to capture atleast ane of the conspiracy rather than kill
them all. They are content to take them as prisoners to
question them, since they have no particular dislike for the
‘conspiracy and act under duress. Ifthe characters seem to be
winning, the Nosferatu switch tactics and melt into the

darkness, hoping to stage another ambush another night

Uthe characters lose, the Nosferatu capeure them. placine
them in the cellar to be interrogated. While fie and wanlight
are always effective tools in the hands of inquisitor of any
stripe, the Storyteller is encouraged to find mo
evocative means ef penunding the chanicters
who knows some Vieisitude could threaten av
with permanent disfigurement, for example, and who better
than a Nosferatu to yet really creative with truly hoerid
deformities? Capture and interrogation (eather than kali
them outright) allow the charactersachance torescve Ceest
and make thei escape. Evenly, some the Noxferatu leave

tention Lapnes

alk. A captor
a character


Alternatively, ifthe characters dominate the confronta-
tion they may question their assailants. The one who
smasqueraded ax Celestyn is nowhere to be found, however.
The Noxferatu tell them that "the father" forced them to
capture Celestyn and attack the characterstoleam what they
know concerning the geomantic web. They know theit
Antediluvian plans to use of subvert the web somehow, but
have no details: None of them mention that "the father" is
the Nosferatu Antediluvian, just that he is very old and very
powerfuland they had no choice but to obey him. They don't
{know where he is, just that he watches them and they cannot
find him unless he wants to be four.

‘Tne Nosrenatu ATTACKERS j
‘While it's preferable to make every vampire unique,
lack of space compels ttt provide n partial template for |
the characters' attackers rather than detailing each one
scrurately. Storytellers are strongly advised to change |
things here and there to customize them — these are just
‘numbers, and there'snosuch thing asa generic" vampire.
the Tram ofthe fo don eee yourpme' neds fel |
foce wo change them, j
‘Clan: Noserans
Generation: th
Physical: Sorength 3, Dexterity 4, Seamina 3
Social: Charisma 2. Manipulation 2. Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Brwwl 4, Dodge 2, Intimidation 2,
Sercetwise 3, Subterfuge 2 |
‘killa: Etiquette 1, Firearms 2, Petformance 2, Security 2, _
‘Stealth 3 iy
Koowledgess Bureaucracy 2, Camarilla Lore2, Computer |
1, Investigation 2, Linguistics (Romanian, English) 2,
Policies ty Sabbat Lore 2 |
Disciplines: Fortitude 2, Obfuscate 3, Potence 2 |
Vieewes: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Morality: Humanity 4
Willpower: 6
Whenever the characters rescue Celestyn, either after

defeating the Nosferanuor escape from them, he tellsthem he
willexplainall he knows concerning the weband the damage
Dracula inflicted on it (sce below under the section on
Celestyn's Revelations) when everyone is together. he also
wants to move somewhere smaller sno one can he in the
oom without their knowing it. He mentions that a know!-
‘edgeable geomancer is also on the way to assist them in
‘understanding and repairing the web. He requested that the
‘seomancer meet him beneath theelork rower acwell and ake
if the characters saw anyone else.

For the moment, Celestyn does not mention that the
person he is expecting is Asian. In truth, he's not entirely
certain that one or more Nosferatu aren't still somehow

{

listening. Celestyn prefers to keep Ying Lei's identity secret
until he has a chance to meet with the geomancer. He asks:
the characters to accompany him to the arch under the clock
tower to see if his contact might be there now. Celestyn
whispers to one character that the person they are seeking is
named "Lee."

Scene Four:

Te BasteRN CONNECTION

Wangthing. the weather hax gotten won since the
characters first visited the clock tower. Lightning blazes:
across the sky. One bolt hits a nearby church steeple as the:
characters pass beneath it. Fire erupts from the roof as the
falling tiles shower the group with flaming debe The rain
almost immediately douses the (don't worry about
Roschreck; this is atmosphere, not i plot device), but the
church groans as part of the roof caves in,

Two figures emerge from sheltered side doce, one
shoved roughly in front of the other. In the fitful light from
nearby street lamp, the character: see that the second figure
hhokds the fist by the scruff of hisneck and carries some long,
thin object with a metallic sheen. They can smell Kindred
blood. The one held looks like a young man in his twenties
(via Obfuscate, learn wsing Auspex), but observant charsc:
ters notice he is dressed as "Celestyn" was when he met them
beneath the arch. The other figure appeam tobe Asian, with
‘black hair shaved in front and held inv a knot at the nape. He
‘wears loose trousers and tunic under a long coat. The long
object he carries is a sword.

Mihail has several cuts on his face and is missing three
fingers on his left hand, though he isn't bleeding, of course

Ying Lei saw the characters leave with hin ealier and
realized he was not Celestyn. He then captured Mihail ashe
fled Celestyn's howe and has been questioning him concem-
ing Celestyn's whereabouts, making efficient use of his sword
to emphasize his point.

Mihail attempts to fool the characters into helping him,
screaming out, "Look out! He'l kill us all! Help me, Ym the
‘Tremere'sally!" He jerks forwaed, trying to excape Ying Leis
grasp as he does so.

Remind the characters, if necessary, that rain pours
down and flaming debris and embers fall from the roof. The
situation breeds confusion and the characters might well
mistakenly trust Mihail and attack Ying Lei. If they do 0,
hhe attempes to hang onto Mihail while defending himself
with the flat of his sword. Ying Lei also tells them — in
accented but fluent English — that his prisoner is disguised
and earlier led them to a house and then fled, changing his
appearance ashe left. He introduces hioselfas Ying Lei, an
acquaintance of Celestyn's. Ying Let suggests that they
return to Celestyn's house and take his captive along for
questioning. If the characters try co kill Mihail, Ying Let
argues against it, saying he might have information they

‘Turouones Gaoncs

nr


need. If they kill the hapless Nosferatu, they have to find
alternative means of discovering what the Nosferatu cule is
‘upto. This scenario assumes Mihail survives long enough to
tell what he knows.

‘When the characters return to Celestyn'shaven, Mihail
reluctantly tells them what he knows if they persuade him
thac they plan to kill him otherwise or promise to get hin out
‘of Europe. Anything les, and he simply says, "Nothing you
«an do to me can come close to what it can do."

Since it's imperative that the characters receive the
‘nformacion Mihail has allow the characters persuade hin
somehow or have him volunteer the information in recur for
teleasng him. Once the characters get him to talk, he tells
them the following (feel free to paraphrase):

"We dudn't havea choice. It called ws together and told
‘sto kidnap him (pointing to Celestya) and lure you into an,
ambush. It wanted to make sure you couldn't stop it. We
coukln't refuse. Ithasplansto infest the nuclear powerstation
st Cemavoda. For some reason, it thought you were here to
stop him and wanted youall dead. Ithassomething todo with,
aawebbe had built for him and the power it raises. think he's
trying to even the score with an old enemy."

The details Mihail knows are:

© The "it" referred to is the Nosferatu Antediluvian —
‘rat least he saysitis. From the powerit'sshown sofar, Mihail
‘has no reason to dispute his claim.

* The noclear power station is at Cemavoda, which is
situated on the Danube.

"Ie" said the power station now restsat the center ofits
"web." It claims that someone built the web under his
direction long ago,

* Ie'salready been testing this web's power, stretching it
and drawing off small amounts ofits energy.

* Lemay not be the truth but Mihail rears rumor some
‘years ago that when Ceaucescu had the power station built,
hhealso built a hidden missile silo there. Maybe it's the missile
"i" wants, not the power station itself,

* Bur i were to do something 1 te suntion, ic cond
potion the Danube and surrounding region, which might
‘make feeding in the area n real problem. (At this, Celestyn
shakes hishead atthe captive's selfishness — "feeding prob-
lem"? Tey "cewvironmental dinate")

He isn't sure what "the father'" timetable is, but
thinks the Ancient plans to invoke the web soon, perhaps
within the next night or 40

* Mihail has no idea who the enemy is, but "the father"
‘has been muttering about obliterating Manhattan,

Icisup to the characters whether they kill Mihail, stake
‘humor simply let him go. Ihe isreleased, Nosferatu summons
him again and forces him to battle the characters later atthe
power station.

survive. Now he just wants
Nosferatu as he posiby can.
long. for he knows the clan founder
cove lege pale op

to hope t
table demise, This is why he
cult from the brood the Aneter
flatter the hideous monster. however disingensualy
hyscals Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stina 3
ST ee at
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4,
Talents: Alertnes 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimidation 3,
Streetwise 3, Subterage 3
Skills: Drive 2, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Mele 3, erfor-

Knowledges: Academics 3, 2, Camara
Lore 2, Computer 2, Investigation 2, (Reta
‘nian, Hungarian, English, German) 3, Politics 3, Sabbat
Lore 2 ?

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 2, Celerity 2) Foeti-
tude 2. Obfuscate 4, Potence 2, Vicissimde 3
‘Virtues: Conscience 3, Sel Control 4, Courage 3
Morality: Humanity 4 ¢
Willpower: 7

mance 4, Security 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2

ne sae

Reve ations From CeLestyn Ann Yinc Let
Encourage the players to let the characters make their
‘own speculations. Celestyn and Ying Lei tell the characters
the following (fel free to paraphrase and wse their dialogue
a anywers to questions rather than simply spouting it out)
Celestyn opens the conversation: "I originally called
you here to help me repair the geomantic seh Zelioe
constructed centuriesago. Youknow the final anchor po
that Zelios never reconded in his writings. asked Ying Let
hhere because of his expertise in geomancy. I traveled in the
East long enough to know that Zelioa hae many of hisfinal
designs on the precepts of feng shui Ying Lei can tell you
more about that. For now, I can tell you thac the web has
‘expanded and it is quite possible it now centers exactly

Roamans


where our informant says it does. I suspect that the anchor
points are no longer relevant."

‘Ying Lei explain, "l cannot tell you all T know con
cerning feng shui in the little time we have. Yet, you must
understand some of it, What concerns you are the dragon
lines, what you might call ley lines. Power flows long those
lines, collecting 4 ates we call dragons' nests. You may
have another name for them; [am told that they are known,
‘a nexuses by some. If the natural flow of that power is
‘locked, imbalance occurs: illness of the land, buildings
sicwated on that laud and those who hive there. Master
Zelion knew this when he constructed his geomantic web.
He created the web to contain a demon, or so Celestyn has
told me. What he may not have realised was that by
‘oterconnecting s0 many dragon lines and linking chem
‘with x0 many nests great power has accumulated within the
web, Pethaps too much power. Ie rests within this web,
coiling in on itself, festering because it has no outflow, no
‘way fori so-dsain and replenin Kt ike a stagnant pond.
Yet whoever knows how to use the web commands that
power and may use it for good or ill. If this elder of your kind
‘nuly compelled Master Zelios to build the web, itis probable
the knows the key 40 unleashing tt power."

Celestyn adds, From my own studies, I now it would
bbe pomible to use the web's energy, but if that power is
used, we face the possibility that the drain could free the
demon Kupala."

The Tremere moves to an omate chest and removes a
silk-wrapped bundle, Unrapping it, he reveals Dracula's
sword — the same blade so many vied for once before.

"How | recovered the sword is a story for another
night. What's important now is that the blade was forged
to slay Kupala, So, we are not totally without resources
However, we have a problem thar the Ancient, fr all his
‘experience, may not anticipate. Years ago, Dracula dam-
aged the web, erasing the glyphs anchoring t to his castle,
He tried to loosen the web and free the demon, only to
learn too late that he had made a mistake. Since then, the
‘web has been unstable. The whole thing could blow up in,
cour faces. We may not have the opportunity to use the
sword if that happens."

‘Celestyn shrugs and lays the sword on a table.

"From what I've seen, though," he continues, "even if
(Cenucescu built a misile silo, Romania doesn't have the
technological ability to launch anything capable of reaching
Manhattan. Intercontinental capability és out of the ques.
ton. It might reach Western Europe..."

Unless the characters put it together, Ying Let again
speaks, "Yes, buthe doesn't need weaponssopowerful He has
the weh to give him the added power he needs. He could
‘easily cause the power ation to melt down or send missiles
toNew York. Inany case, nt least he can'tuse the web without
‘our knowing since—"

‘Scene Five:
CRACKING THE EARTH

‘As Ying Lei speaks, dogs al over the city sukenly begin
howling. The woekd erupts around the characters. massive
‘earthquake strikes. Vases and knick-knacks tumble from
theit perches, tables and chairs skitter across the floor and all
lights go out. An eamplitting roar from the carth itself
‘esounds through the house and explosions echo through the
city. The smell of sulfur fils the air and all the windows
shatter. The characters are thrown inte walle and henvice
furniture asthe house's foundation cracks. The floor heaves
like an ocean swell. The characters are thrown upward then
bounce painfully against the floor. As soon as the vertical
motion ceases, violent side-to side movements begin, throw
ing everyone into walls and furnishings. For several minutes
the quake rages, the shocks and aftershocks gradually lessen
ing, During its most intense moments, buildings collapse, the
power grid fails and several fires break out. Sirens shrick to life
and church bells ring. Any characters who fail a Dexterity +
‘Athletics roll (dificlty 7) are pinned under furniture o a
falling roof beam, suffering two Health Levels of lethal
damage (soaked normally). Anyone with Strength 3 oe
‘greater can easily free any trapped characters.

‘Worse sill, a comer of the house near the characters
collapses as the foundation splits apart. The wall and part of
the floor falls into a crevasse open ia the sil beneath i.
‘The sword of Dracula tumbles into the gap, landing on =
crumbling ledge some 15 feet down, The bottom looks as
though it may be 100feet ot more below. Ifthe characters do
not fetch the sword, they don't have it when they bottle
Klatt the ty, which conkd ex eee ay.

Retnievino He SWORD

Recovering the sword: aes
Someone has to descend int the pit and grab the sword
before it shakes off the ledge.Since aftenbocks sill
Cone a eee

intemal

Turon Ononais IV

4


Tue Destruction Continues
Atsome point during the quake, Ying Lei yells out, "Itis
the turning of the wheel. Iam too late!
characters remember this later; Ifthey don't, Celestyn brings
‘cup.
Outside, the storm continues and lightning flashes,
laminating fallen ces, cracks in dhe street and terrified
people rushing from thei homes. Children scream and cry, A
car rests nove down, its hom blaring continuously, ina ditch,
carved by the quake into the cracked stones of the street.
10 restore vader. The romaine of Celestyn's howe
are sturdy enough that the characters' need not fear its
imanediate collapse, ot 19 Celestyn says
‘On the other hand, the stairs leading down into the
cellar are cracked, as is the ceiling. The chimney has col-
wpeed entirely, bringing down part of the roof. The
underground room isn't proof against sunlight anymore,
though with crowding, the characters, Ying Lei and Celestyn
«an all ficim a comer that's sill covered. Of course, someone
may think about aftershocks and point out that the whole
house may shift and either bury them or expose them
daylight while they rest, Not a comfortable thought. Worse,

Presumably, the

several fires bum uncontrollably since the watee pressure &
inadequate for crews to extinguish them. Who knows if the
thon fire while thecharacters le tapped and

house might
helpless below!

the characters want to find an alternative place to rest
forthe day, they have approximately four hours to doso. They

gli constr, however, that crews are moving throughout
the city, digging through the rubble for survivors. They need
to find a deserted building thar hasn't sustained damage and
that has little chance of burning.

‘Anyone who manages to find a way to check on condi
tions outside Sighisoara leams that the earthqu:
have affected most of Romania — even thse portions not
‘umually subject to seivmic activity. Reports indicate that
Bacharest was the worsthit, but many areasalongthe Danube
suffered masive damage. No teports regarding the nuclear
power station are a

lable yet

Reriections
‘Once the characters have a chance torest and a place to
them being up Ying Lei's ery during the earthquake
‘or have Celestyn ask him to explain whe
seematoa contrived. YingL#i might vent hish
his failure to hold the Sixth Age at buy. Adjust the informa
tion given under "Translating the Ivory Tablets" to tell the
characters about the Wheel of Ages und the coming of the
‘Sixth Age ifthey don't adk hima shout the rablers
characters a chance to remember that they have a Chinese
scholar among them, however, ancl that he may be able t
ranalate the tvory tablets If they don't think oft, allow e:
player (aarting with the one wha has done the leat s

the meant. If that

How the


chance to roll her character's Intelligence (difficulty 7) to
remember they have the plaques.

Ying Lei thinks fr a few minutes, then sighs and says,
"Very well. My master said 1 must trust new allies. This
shrugging of the dragon's back, this earthquake, was not
natural. The storm fels wrong as wll | study the balance of
things. Although | am more used to the dragon lines of my
‘own part of the world, know when the dragon moves of his
‘own will and when another goads him. My people have long
foretold that the coming of the Sixth Age begins with the
cracking of the world"

Give the characters time to ask questions or suggest
theories At least one might remember Anatole's prophecy.
Intheend, however, Ying Let can explain things by transat-
fing the ivory tablets.

TRANSLATING THE IVORY TABLETS

‘Ying Lei takes ahout an hour to begin the translation of
the first plaque as he gets a feel for the flow of the language.
He haltingly continues beyond the first plaque, translating as
he goes. The Storyteller can simulate Ying Leis difficulties
tranudating by pausing and offering slightly diferent interpee
tations of select words. He makes the following translation:

In Agestocome, my Sil gm dg chen hen hap this and krow why do what de Blame

re not. Lay your hatreds
truly our tormentor,

(Our Father told ushe was the fos, a
Ie Wy hws? For ora ka
‘xd comprionship. mel sired child, ose hom

Henamed me Zao, the beloved ose
‘Caines heart, so thought: Gifted to Pe staee

ge mast conse

sstobejudged alongside the
lind orerewenatallhesfes? amy carkorpeae win oe heatledcomn omer mid
toghelandalledthe Middle Kingdom.

"Thee dscnered others The Fst ed. He waste fst, merely on mong many punished for issn. Yt hes
unlike these. The undead children ofthe East need marin

the if and death.
Petar. ce

essen beings,
| Caine told us isa lie. He too

siento blood upon us
toa higher:

being cursed by Gad
and isc

their pon Caine tebe pho called himself uF but who's

eles pesment forthe murder of Abel We
chile each ofus crated to provide ur sis with love
ng oflng life, these whom | rat cherished.
kim. Of lis loving children, Laloe try spoke to
forall my betwen, der and younger.
ot living to remain upon the Earth until God calls

mind and handiwere turned todeeds meant to help all, whether of our kind or mortal

a The end en dene
the world."Thase who cannot rise to this his

ut remain blood or lsh

SE ceien

jour natural cycle

than giving us

aders. MayCain,
sto,

tat wher theyre suflred i
to this land, yet never:
algae frome hr pailale eat a

ei oop cfr Dipae/*
(pyaar sorter
edema suffer ternal torment nthe embrace of ever-Lving flames for the existence he has

greatly pitied me in my condition, some ofthe enlightened ones of the East taught me what they

pesky sicetbarlaneyeconttasid

bec hy

Spang ae ea

like wnto me, but far more advanced, taught me of
"sentence eh

phonge into darkness and horror for thousand of poi

ake area ay
‘withranger and my heart hee

ascent ie wef fei

wire iil

ane
sf a de
char. pada sae

Stefi Atha pin ewer mig sop hw cdf is pthand sack hat Agente nd fine

‘Tewenvnw Cromcss


‘ifbeings of goodness could mitigate the severity ofthe darkness or find: overcame tin time the Grd Wheel tars once
rare, 2inging upward again thrgugh mre enlightened usu ecking pra at he op again ~

‘Those who pride themselves on their enlightenment take sides in ringing about the turning ofthe wheel, yet they make no
plans beyond this Age. do not make that mistake. fam accursed, then let wle be great in my depravity | shall gain all I can
Jor mpl shall help to move the Great Wheel toward collapse all shall smite that dreary eam with an rom fis and whips

offre. Nolonger sll care what my fther or oy brethren want. shall he hiden in my plans and circumspect in my dealings

withall But hand stirring,
Peo rar aS PT 28 pal

vie for position. Let them beliewe
all, 1 shall sit atop the rome of destiny

thane stronger than Caine stronger than sk who gave ws our powers — perhaps even stronger than the god who

originally gosed the Fist" —o
[shallhave my vengeance for

A
Se ret de setae oma

agin transform mop unl ride it back othe topagain.

thoughtless curse tha head upon me For nc thingI now know that thes consider not

Shaul he Wheel ofthe Ages reach the tp once moe even in its apparent perfection, shal inger like abit epon pure sand.
"The wheel shallone night rn again

Anorner Day DAWNS

Once the plague has been read and the conversation
afterward lags, the Storyteller should explain chat the sun is
rising and the characters need to sleep. Some characters may
want to start out forthe power station immediately after the
‘earthquake. While they may do so since Celestyn has a large
‘ar capable of transporting all of them, roads are almost
impassable due tocracks, ripped up roadway and wrecked cars
‘Mocking the narrow streets. People wander aumlesily, seeking
safety of shelter, though they seem afraid to go indoors. It
takes far longer to travel and they they leaveafter the quake
they are caught by the sun a quarter of the way to Bucharest.
If they choose to go, the Storyteller should create some
serious difficulties for any characters who cannot find shelter
{forthe day. Those who escape the sun receive uneasy dreams
cof a great darkness stirring within the earth followed by
<dreamns of another earthquake opening the soil around them,
and exposing them to the sun. Those receiving such dreams
must succeed on a Cournge rol to avoid Rotschreck. Those
{ailing the rol frenzy, bursting from the earth and exposing
themselves to the sun's rays for real

‘SCENE Six:
CnHorce at CERNAVODA

‘Scattered eportsof devastation along the Danube trickle
fm che next evening. The news concems entire gions
sinking 12 to 15 feet and huge geysers erupting from the oil,
spewing out enormous boulders like cannonballs. Reports by
foreign journalists broadcasting to the few areas with power
speak of breaks in the lock system causing mamive walls of
‘water from the Danube — roiling waves over 20 feet high —
to flood the countryside. Refugees flee north to escape the
<descruction. The army (such asi is) tums away anyone they

find trying to enter the area. Reporters must do flyovers to get
stories. Nagroune traffic mower thowigh the disaetercomdor

Speculation runs high that the nuclear power station at
‘Cemavoda may be compromised. Some believe the con:
tainment unit may be leaking: others suggest that the
facility con the verge of a meltdown. Many wonder if the
‘country is up to the task of averting catastrophe. If the
characters don't attempt to discover this themselves, they
‘ovethear a radio report or the conversations of someone
they pass on the sereet.

At this point, i'sup to the characters whether they take
action. Ifthe characters decide to ignore the sation, another
massive earthquake rips Romania apart, destroying most of
the counery. The missiles fie, the Ancient Obfscates them
— sill ignorant that some are headed for China — and they
fall undetected on Manhattan and Beijing. World Wat It
probably ensues.

Yeoh.

Then again, it's your game. Someone ee could stop
them if the characters don't, unless you're ready for some
significant divergence from future source material

The road to Cemavoda proves treacherous. Trees and
wrecked cars litter the road. Bridges hang erxcily or have
collapsed altogether. What were once level surfaces end in
drop-off fields too broken to traverse. Rocks, mud, splin-
tered trees and twisted wreckage from ruined houses block
mountain roads and threaten to slide even further down on
the tilted pavement. Tangled spiderwebs of downed power
lines crisscross roads, lanes and fields

(Characters who persevere and continue onward despite
the obstacles can locate a way though the scattered army
lines and reach Cemavoda.

Rows


The region is deserted. Blackness covers everything.
Power failures have extinguished al ight The coterie'scar,
if they're in one, moves sluggishly through standing water
that threatens to swamp it, brushing past tangles of tree
limbs and around the bloated bodies of cows caught by the
earthquake or floodwaters. Moving through the water prover
dangerous since the driver cannot see rifts in the earth,
Night pases as they slowly approach the power station.
They arrive with barely an hour before dawn. Its immedi-
ately apparent that the power eration isin serious trouble —
and only the characterscan possibly fx it because they seem
to be the only ones here.

‘Tue Power Station

‘Mired in almost five feet of swirling, muddy water from.
the Danube, what's left of the Cemavoda power station
thrusts starkly against the cloudy sky, its containment unit
‘twisted as it leans precariously to one side. Lights flicker and
glow within — testament thar the plant's generators still
function. Steam rises into the sky, not the pure, white
controlled plume usually asociated with a nuclear power
plant, but an angry gray billowing, spreading out over the
‘fnver and the inundated land. The area seems deserted, and
‘muddy river water choked with debris roils dangerously
around the facility, blocking easy access.

Characters trying toenter the power station must wade
to the door and open it against the force of the water, a task
requiring a Strength of 4 or better. Of greater concern is
somehow closing the door behind them once they get inside
(requiring a Strength of 8, though two people at a time may
‘combine their efforts). If they don't close the door, water
rushes in and quickly finds the lowest level, pouring down
a staircase and interfering with the generators keeping the
facility running. The water fills the building from there
‘until it reaches a level equal to the water outside. As the
reactor lies on the lowest level, this could prove disastrous.
‘The entite facility already sits on unstable terrain and
further stress conceivably makes it impossible to contain a
‘fuclear meltdown. The characters can prevent a meltdown
if they're careful and quick. They have only an hour before
dawn in any case.

‘The group needs to make its way to the control room,
‘which has been deserted by panicked staff members — all
‘except one. Dy. Helena Ilianescu, a small, thin woman in het
50s sill works within the control room, desperately trying to
halt the melidown but woefully unable to do so. She can
‘explain to the characters what is wrong.

The switch that lowers the boron carbide rods into the
superheated water to stop the reactor and shut down the
chain reaction ts not working. The reactor continues to pour
‘irradiated water into the pipes and the steam tums the
turbines, converting itto electrical powet. The damage tothe
building has disrupted this process. Somewhere along the
veay.a leak has developed. Radiation escapes with the steam.

‘Since the rods don't respond to commands from the control
Foom, someone must go down to the containment unit and
work them manually. Such a person has to be incredibly
strong, however, because the shift in the building has bent
the controlling mechanism, which is why it can't function
mechanically. Further, there is obviously a leak somewhere in
the unit itself because the nuclear fuel is overheating. This
means the level of the demineralized water meant to keep it
oo! must have dropped precipitously; Dr. Hianescu has been
tunable to add more. Peshaps the valves are stuck or they 10
hhave become bent and need to be operated by hand.

De. Hianescu has been doing what she ean to avert
disaster, but she isn't strong enough to do the manual tasks.
li the end, she planned oo siaply do an emergency sbat-
down, though that would probably results in a meltdown
anyway. Still itseemed her only choice and the last chance
to save Eastern Europe from contamination. Now, though,
she can tell dhe chatacters what to do, she ean slowly abut
down the station.

If the characters agree to help she directs them to the
lower level. If they failed to shut the door, that level is now
covered in water. They have to swim and perform their tasks
underwater. Luckily, they don't need to breathe. While the
river water has replace the pure liquid that cools the reactor,
they must still lower the rods. The dirty, debris-filled water
provides a solurkm to the meltdown while increasing the
‘odds of an actual nuclear explosion asthe neutrons bounce off
elements never intended tobe in the mix. Only by lowering
the rode into the reactor can they stop the cycle. Manually
lowering the rods calls for an extended Strength + Athletics
roll (dificulty 9). One success per turn i required and it takes
fourturstoforce the bent rods outoftheit holders far enough
for them to drop the rst ofthe way. Mote than one character
may try to pull che rods free and # success from any of them
counts toward the total. Freeing the water valve takes a
‘Strength of 4 or beter.

‘Whenever the characters move to turn the wheel manu-
ally 0 free the rods, six of Nosferatu's agent, lett here to
prevent such interference, attacks Use Mihail's ratings
(above) for these agents. I the charactersreleased Mihail, he
thas been Dominated into the attack by the Ancient. None of
these vampires has any concern for their own safety and all of
them fight until incapacitated. Additionally, they ae clever,
‘Obfuseating and striking from the darkness, only to ran ay
and harry the characters minute later. The characters have
‘todefeat the attackers before they can deal with the mechani-
cal problems besetting the facility.

I the characters cover the fuel with water and lower the
rods, the meltdown isaverted. Keep track ofthe time. Ifthey
‘get the jobdone within half an hour, they succeed. If they fail,
«huge cloud of radiation escapes, potioning half of Eastern
Europe and making the Danube a river of death for hundteds
of miles.

Tuonvana Groncis NV


Regandles ofthe characters succes with the reactor, Dr.
Hianescu says, "The power plant isnot the only threat. Once,
several years ago, we were ll dismissed from work for several
weeks and replaced by soldiers. When we came back, we
discovered that the land had been dug up and replaced in
several locations. We have long known that Ceaucesci
emplaced misiles here under cover of the plant. { do not
know where they all are or where the control bunker is —we
were not encouraged toask questions and those who did soon
disappeared — but it must be nearby. If the plant was
damaged, itis likely that the bunker and even some of the
missiles were too."

fpomible, Dr. Ilianescu begins to shut down the plant.
Although this deprives nearby structures of electrical power,
she is certain that the bunker and misiles must have emer:
gency generators of their own. Ifthey do, even with the plant
shut down, the generators can provide power for pethaps 30
‘ninutesto an hour an theitown, Thus. there should theareti-
«ally be lights in the bunker. She urges the characters to go
with her to check things out. She says she realizes that the
facility is underground and that the water makes finding i all
bt impossible, but ak their help anyway. She says she has
1no respect for the technological expertise Ceaucescu em-
ployed in balding the power plant; she fears the same shoxky
workmanship went into the secret bunker as well

Deatn Rises

As the characters leave the power station, they hear a
Jood rumbling sound. The ground beneath their feet shakes
as if from another earthquake. Then, as they watch in the
lightening pre-dawn sky, all around them slender silver
shapes bedecked with fins and canisters shoot up out of the
water, blasting into the air on powerful rockets. They wink
‘out one by one, a if erased from the universe. The roar of the
rockets continues, but the missiles themselves have disap-
peared. Clever characters who know they're facing Nosferatu
may realize who their opponent is may intuit that someone
has just Obfuscated the missiles. No one in Manhattan o¢
Beijing can see them coming, much les attempt to shoot
them down. The only chance to stop them now lies within
the secret bunker. Observant characters may make Percep-
tioa + Science rols (difficulty 7) to locate the bunker based
‘on the locations of the silos.

Knowing where the bunker les, the characters can swim
downand locate the hidden entrance. Because ofthe shifting
of the earth and the rushing floodwaters, the soil layer has
washed away, leaving the door uncovered for anyone to find
— if they're looking underwater. Unclogging the hatch
‘requires a Strength of 4. One character at a time may jump
down into the bunker, accompanied by a torrent of water. If
all characters have Celerity, they can get in much more
quickly and close the hatch behind them, requiring two
success on a Strength + Athletics roll (difficulty 9) to force
the door against the water. If they cannot close the door, the

whole bunker soon fills with water; within two minutes, the
electrical equipment inside shorts out, the quan inside
‘drown and the characters cannot possibly stop the missiles.
Foc that reason, the Storyteller should be generous and allow
‘more than one person to try closing the hatch each tur.

Stoppinc THE MissiLes

Within the building that houses the mechanisms for
launching the missiles, the characters find a pair of security
srvards wearing Romanian army uniforms. One guard, seated
at a control console, has apparently just completed the
launch sequence. The other guard stands atthe alert. The
characters may assume correctly that these individhuals ane
ghouled or Dominated mortals under the ditection of
‘Noferatu'sagents. Overcoming the guards shoukd not present
1 problem for the characters

Figuring out what to do to abort the misile launch, 2s
well as discovering the number of the misiles and their
destinations constitutes the real challenge.

‘After dealing with the guards, characters may react to
the situation in various ways. Panic may result in blindly
punching buttons, flipping levers and toying switches in an
attempt to halt the missiles' progress. Some characters may
notice a prominent button marked "ABORT™ (in Roma
‘lan to one side of the control console. Pushing this button
has no effect. A keypad next co it indicates that some soet of
‘humeric code is necessary to enable the abort sequence.

Characters may realize, either on theit own or with an
Intelligence * Science roll (difficulty 7), that they have a
itrace period of at least a few minutes — maybe as long as
thirty minutes — before the misiles reach theis targets This
‘tives them some time to look around the room and locate
possible sources of vital information.

Toone se of the console, computer screen displays =
lis of missle trajectories — presumably the target locations
for the individual missiles. Characters knowledgeable in
science or mathematics may roll Intelligence + Science
ilficulry 8) to determine the approcimate destinations of
the misiles. Half are headed toward New York, half toward
Beijing. Those without the appropriate scientific background
can roll Intelligence (difficulty 9) to recognize the approxi:
mate locations of the misiles' targets on the continental
maps displayed above the console.

(Characters who know something about computers may
attempt to search the files for nccess codes for the abort
sequence Passwords are not neceaary to gain acces tothe
files since the computer is already on.

Searching the files produces some interesting bits of
information, including the following communications con
‘twined in file labeled Project Winter:

© A copy of aletter toCeaucescu from aV.S. Domulicu,
Ph.D. outlining a plan to "ensure the future freedom of
Romania by eliminating the major foreign threats to Roma:
_ntan sovereignty" The plan consiotsof preparations to launch

Roms


several nuclear missiles at selected targets in Eastern Europe
and Russia. In addition to the nuclear package it carries. each,
‘missile serves asa transporter for several plague bombs, set to
disper in the atmosphere before the missles make their
final descent, thus making certain that areas outside the
‘ange of the nuclear blast receive a lethal aithorne virus.

© A note from Ceaucescu to Domulscu approving the
scientist's plan,

* Am official dtective tothe head of the missile base to
implement the means of launching Project Winter. The dates
correspond to the time period referred to by Dr. Ilanescu.

Further searching of the computer's contents locates a

file labeled Emergency Procedures. Tis file details the steps to
betaken by the security personne! in dve ever of an attack

‘or in response to an order to launch Project Winer. While this
file does not contain the password necessary to abort the
‘missile launch, it does make reference tothe use of passwords
by the seation's opceators

the characters have not killed the guards, they may
«question them or use appropriate Disciplines to acquire the
necessary password, Each guard has a Willpower of 5, since
they have been conditioned by their true master — one of
Noferatu'sagents. Ifthe guards are dead, the charactersineed
tosearch the office quickly to locate a locked file cabinet that
contains the pasword. A Dexterity + Security roll (difficulty
7) unkicks the cabinet; altematively, a character with a
Strength of 4 can wrench the cabinet open. Inside, a manila
‘envelope marked Confidendal contains the passwords to ini-
tiate the launch sequence and toactivate the abort procedure.
Each password consists of a 12-digit alphanumeric sequence.

AMarienorTime

AAs they hurry to find the information they need, the
characters notice a light dimming of the interna lighting
Any character who succeeds Intelligence + Science roll
(Gificulty 7), realizes that the alternate power systema — a
sinall generator in a come of the control room — is failing.
Since the characters have already shut down the power in
the reactor and cannot restore it without endangering the
integrity of the plant, the only power source remaining is
the generator,

‘The missile launch consimed a considerable amount of
available power and the computer is draining the rest of it at
1 meady rate. The chamcters need to find the information
they need and initiate the abort sequence before the remain:
tg poet ne out

‘As soon as the characters hit the abort sequence, the
‘next scene begins, though it may seem as though they have
1 few seconds in between in which to make some decisions.

‘Scene Seven: Hupata

Assuming the characters succeed in stopping the mis-
siles, they may choose whether they remain in the bunker or
‘emerge to seek shelter before sunrise. Ifthe guards still live,

Purnno tHe Screws On! Pea
‘Storytellers may add some 0
experience and par opted we
de cr wal tee eae toe
minutes:
eee they Sead ot ees rn the plague

St icimnadpeon pawancony
the abort sequence. ©

‘Use 4 tinier or'opwatch to keep track of the
porn eins cciph , aban
rounds since ittakesseveral teal minutes

)go through
ew sctads of conbek THN GC np eich dad
serve nat only to keep you apptised of how much time
‘has passed, bur to visibly remind the players of the
tense situation.

they have difficulty breathing, and one collapses to the
around. Theairin the bunker fouls sit stopacitculating The
guards try to climb the ladder to the opening and force the
door open regardless of the consequences. Players whose
character allow the guards to die should make Humanity or
Path rolls if appropriate. Any character may help himself to
the guard' vite; neither is missed considering the recent
disaster. Whatever the characters decide, theyhave one mate
problembefore they can relax. they emerge from the bunker
in the next few minutes, the confrontation takes place
outdoors. Remember that the sun is about to rise, if it hasn't
already. If they remain within the bunker, they have less
room to maneuver, but aren't burned by the sun.

Inte Bune

By now, the bunker is completely dark. The generator
10 longer functions. The computer is dead and the air
pumps no longer supply fresh air. Into this silence booms &
gargantuan bellow of laughter, followed by the appearance
‘of a dimly lit horrific shape that seems to emerge from the
control console itself.

"Did youbelieve you could stop it that easily" the figure
speaks ie. sibilant whinge Sonne eluates famalear with
the lore they've encountered in the past may recognize the
demon Kupala. Ifthe characters immediately attack, Kupala
sends the missiles to their targets, using the energy of the web
topower them. There inothinngelse dhe charaecrs caro
prevent the catastrophe at this point. If they listen t0 the
‘demon, they may make achoice that defeats Nosferatw'splan,
‘and Saulor's as well

‘Tewsnvaan Groscis V


Given the chance, Kupala continues. Those contempt:
ible darts could not even each their targets without me! The
Great One commands that send them on thei way despite
your momentary interference. Even now, they hang in the
sky awaiting my touch, | must obey him, for he holds me
orisoner. Yet you may deny him his victory and asure
ounelves that he can never agin we my power forhisown.
Freeme. Use the Sword ofthe Dragon tocut through the lines
of power that form the web. Once they are broken, 1 am
released and he cannot command me. Do this and I shall lee
the weapons die and fall into the waters Harm me and they
strike his foes. Which will i be?"

‘The characters may attack. they do, Kupula releases his
hhald on the missiles. They hit Beijing and Manhattan with
consequences best left up to Storyteller' imagination, Obvi-
‘ously, this &s a fairly stupid thing to do.

‘They may agree to the demon's plan. If they do, they
‘must take the sword and cut through the eight lines of powet
that Kupala makes visible as shimmering, vibrating lines just
above water level. ll touch a central area just above the
bunker like the spokes of a wagon wheel. Ictakes one tun to
sever each line. Remember that the sun is definitely up by
‘now and Kupala cannot wait until dark for them to perform
this task. The characters must suffer the consequences. Of
coun, they could tafe turns.

‘As the last line is severed, the sword shatters wd the
carth once again groans as nnother huge earthquake hits,
‘burying the bunker and most of the powerplant. The charac:
tershaveto vim foritorbe jerked into the Danube and fing
dowrotream like twigs ina white water. If they can reach a
‘nearby patch of trees on an elevated mound, they may shelter
from the sun and get above the rising floodwaters. Once the
earth stops shaking, they can either Earth Meld or cover
themaclves with leaves and ditto make song the day.

 charactersdonothave Dracula'ssword,Leiknowshow
tosever the lines. Ife must doso, he hands his sword to the
serongest character and commands him to sever the line as
‘Let weakens t. Lei can las jus long enough ro finish the job,

His jade arnulet gives him three minutes' protection against
the aun; his amulet begins to rot away when exposed to it. It
takes Lei two tums to weaken each strand, though it takes
only one for the sword wielder tosever it Inthe end, Lei melts
{nto a puddle that swirls in the water and is gone.

Kupala speaks to them once again ifthey have dexcroyed
the web, saying, "You have freed me and for this | grant you
the right tocontinue existing —for now. Do not seek to bind
‘me again or you will ee! my true power, Leave. I reclaim the
land I once ruled. I you are still here wo nights hence, you
will know agonies that make sunlight seem but a lover's kiss
Unless, of course, you wish to stay and serve me? No? Then,
be gone before I feast upon your souls, or what is left of
them..." The demon departs, sinking into the earth, which
bblackens at his ouch. The ground shudders, from his pasage
‘oran aftershock? The characters may never know. Of course,
‘they choose to serve Kupala, the Storyteller is encouraged
to invent every heinous, soul deadening horwoe for the chae-
‘acters to commit in his name until they cease to be player
characters and emerge as some of the most villainous Story-
teller characters of your chronicle.

AFTERMATH

‘Whatever Celestyn promised them as a reward awaits
the characters in Sighisoara. They may collect their due and
leave the country with no further difficulties Some time after
the characters leave, whether together or alone, each re:
cceives a small package brought by a courier, who cannot
temember who sent the parcel. Inside each package is a
filigree brooch shaped like an intricate spiderweb. Under it
rests a note, each addressed to the character by name. fn a
strangely lettered upslanting handwriting it reads:

"To you, the frst round,

uit many more remain

My congratulations and

‘my warning,

=A



Baar whether wake or dreaming, chis I know

Whose mome
Walking as ame ah
So forty carry the full

be nothing

—Pedno Calderon de a Bare

PLAYERSINTHE
ETERNAL GAME

Tho chapter provides descriptions and, where appeopeate

Trait for the mgruficant Kinted who appear —oe might appear
athe dl that make up The Dragon Ascendant. If
yeu fee flesh out the numbers for characters with

abbreviated trvatinents youare fre: Jat remember that

the mow powerful character are unlikely to come into diect,
plnsieal

playen' characters muy well be the ones to suffer

t with the player chanscuen I they do, she

ASSAMITE ANTITRIBU

FARIO, CRUSADER ASSASSIN
of Anil

ny chile

Nature: Visionary

mies come and pp
rea

gues he wx may wae

and passion gpl,

fer to upbrand
Dreamer or doer in the part he played
Whether so-morron's davem shall break the spell
zr the last trumpet of the Eternal Day,
When dreaming, with the night, shall pass awry

"The Dream Called Life'

Apparent Age: early 30s

In 1566 indepth
Hungary. While the Ottoman Empite mantasnes!
hokd on Moldavia and Wallachia, the Turk
pdependence™ to T
the will of the sulean, Exploiting this oppor

Asatnite ©

Transylvania gained 1p

nia, bur only so hong asi obeyed

beyond the forest. Undortunately, hi

work of pan

from as organized by the Ventruc
The

Transylvania, bur Pari

oman Assarnites failed t we erst of

focused on the Cainites who hid behind these domains. In
wewvice to Kant, the hudul who led the Assamite anuimbu, the
plotted to execute the Camanila princes of Eastern Europe
Fariq's top peineiey was th Load Vantmue who dh

fended Transylvania. Whi
Lord Ventive conspited

ty tobuild

throxghout Eastern Europe. tn th

agave Fang and other Angels of Caine an oppure

nerwndks of eqpions

Devuars Pasona

8


‘Process, Faq has become one of many Cainites who helped
the Sabbat utterly dominate nocturnal Transylvania.
Within acennury of the Ottoman conquest of Transylvania,
the Habsburg dynaety mustered enough power to drive back the
‘Turkish hordes. While Hungary conquered the region by day,
Sobburpuckscontinurdtoresieat night Fariqhad gained enough
influence among his peers to asemble highly trained packs of
Salat assesins. Working with ocher Angel of Caine, he culled
thebloated anksof Hungary's undealnobaliy. Although Bulapest
veathemnetoFrnbeared Aack Habsbumandochee nobles, their
‘ranks were decimated by Far' sill attacks
Faris mastery of pack tactics involved far more than,
simple serategic concerns. Before his Embrace, Farig had been
sshmane and religious man. In the fourth century B.C, he was
almoxt stoned to death by irate Christians fr observing unholy
tituals Fariq served Dagon, a god who has since been aban
domed by the world of men. Fariq has spent centuries in torpor,
‘but after he rose again, he turned his back on the new gods of
the human world. Furiq later reconstructed his ancient belief,
coloring his rituals and observances with the practices of the
‘Sabbat. To help onganizeskilfl packs, he assumed the role of
a Sahbar priest who performed the religious tae chat motivate
‘Cainite packs to grand achievements. As a Cainite priest, he
‘combined ancient rites in service to Dagon with modern
‘Sabbutntae. As such, he has become a minor religious leader,
1 Sahhat pest known foramembling cules of fanatic Saracens,
‘The centuries that followed Faris religious innovations
provided perfect opportunities to test the skill of the fanatic.
‘packs he formed. Eastern Europe eventually became a battle-
sound for two powerful factions: the Ottoman Empire and
Russia, From Alamut, packs of non-Sabbat Assamites con:
tinued theirraidson Easter Europe, but tono avail. Although
the Ottoman Assamitesjrospered in Wallachia and Moldavia,
Transylvania tcmained beyond thei graxp. For the Sword of
Caine, pack mentalities triumphed where humanity failed.
Following the moblis niae Fariq devised, selectively chosen
Angels of Caine learned to fight with wild abandon, harness:
fing the power of the Beast to drive them t0 greater glory.
The Embrace forever changed Farig. Before his Embrace,
‘he wasahumane man and areigiousscholar, but the Blood has
‘ven him both power and the temptations that come with it
le service tthe Sablon, he hus abunsdoned his comprsion.
(Over the lat century, he has eamed to incorporate hisancient
‘religion into another system of ethics: the Path of Caine,
‘Human religion nolonger inspires him. Instead, he has learned
‘orevel inthe wisdom of the First Vampite. Farig has attracted
the attention of Sabbat Inquisition, buthehas proven time and
‘again wohave the interests of Cainites at heart. In hishaven in
the Carpathians, he still secretly receives Sabkat packs who
‘oh co ascend his ncaruadine observances

BRUJAH ANTITRIBU

Dosunic, Brute PATRIARCH
6h generation, childe of Samal

‘Nature: Barbarian,
Demeanor: Rogue
Embrace: 3nd c. BC.

Apparent Age: carly 30s

Dominic isan unaging testament to Clan Bruja' ori-
fas: He was Embraced by a fith-generation vampire in
Carthage onthe very night that Roman soldiers stormed the
gates. He then began an epic campaign of revenge against the
Roman Ventrve and thei descendants.

Dominic traveled in the wale ofa great Magyar army, one
Jed by amortal known as Bulicu, the Man of Blo. As Magyar
tribesmen atacked the Holy Roman Empire, Dominic rejoiced
at finally haviega chance to strike athe Ventrve Methselahs
‘who hid behind it. Bubeu was a promising pup a ferocious
‘mortal whoseemeod perfect forthe Embrace. Asatalented ghoul,
the Man of Blood reverently accepted Dominic's ite exch
week, buthismastertntalizedhim with promisesof meorality
and the te power of Cainite blood. Dominic guided his pawn
expert butjustashe wasabour to triumph agains his ivalsand
avenge Carthage, Blscu betrayed Dominic. He tied of waiting
for his promised reward, und instend petitioned Dominic's
enemies 0 grant him the true power of the Blood. After
accepting the Embrace from a Ventrue, Bubeu revealed his
‘newfound srength by driving stake through Dominic's heart.

‘After Dominic arose from torpor, he tried to muster a
revolution in Transylvania against the Holy Roman Empire,
the Hungarian anstocracy who remained uower thett con:
mand, and the hidden Ventrue whi exploited them. His
imate objective was revenge aginst Buscu hisnew pee in
the ongoing Jyhad. Although serfs from Dominic's
‘Transylvanian domain revolted against Hungarian overkords,
Dominic wasbetrayed once mote thstime bya Ravi named

Vassily Taltos. Vassily suggested un alliance with Yorak, the
‘Trimisce who once made his haven in the Cathedral of Flesh.

Dominic fll into his trap and was torured in that foul
labyrinth for centuries. Through Vassily's misdirection, Hun-
garian Ventrue were eventually blamed for Dominic's
disappearance. The Methuselah became a martyr for displaced
Dacian Brujah and the enemies of the Eastem Lord Ventrue.
11 was impensible to prove what really happened to Dominic
because he had been destroyed... ors his enemies believed.

Near the end of the 19th century, Dominic emenged
from the Cathedral of Flesh. Surviving an honorary Creation
Rite that had taken centuries, he was reborn into the ranks of
the Sabbat. Although he was ancient enough to tise above
the concems of sectandclanallying withthe SwordofCaine
perfectly suited his campaign of revenge. Once the Habsburg
‘Ventrue's mortal minions had been driven back to Hungary,
Dominic created powerful anti childer to lead further
crusades against the cities of Easter Europe, especially those
held by Camarilla Ventrue. Bulscu, the Magyar who betrayed
him eight centuries ag, had by then moved from the city of
Budapest roa haven far to the north.

Townes Gaowas NV

a


By the end ofthe 20th century, with the aid of Fariq and
‘his Assamite anit, Dominic finaly destroyed Bulscu, but
‘nox until Exscern Europe suffered extensively tn the process
Balcu's Final Death, the fragmentation of the Soviet Union
and the fll of the Shadow Currain eventually opened up vast
new territories throughout Asia. Dominic has withdrawn
from such concerns, however. Having used his alliance with

the Sabbat to destroy an ancient enemy, he has tured his
back on them to join the ranks of the Inconnu, where he
remains a distant observer of Cainite society. Methuselahs
like fhim pursue epic goals char span millennia, but Dominic
‘has finally fulfilled his role in the Jyhad. Patiently, he awaits
the coming of Gchenna and the revelations of the Final
‘Nights. As the fires of vengeance have waned within him, so
thas his control over the Beast, and the modem nights often,
see Dominic barely in control of his murderous frenzy.

Famuza, Sannat Pack Ductus
Backeround: Fuinca's family emigrated fom fran wo dhe
United Seates in 1980. Serling in Califoenia where her father
‘opened a small Middle Eastern food store, Fainuz quickly adapted
tothe American lifestyle —mmuch tothe chaynn ofher taxitional
family. Her father. fearing for his daughter's virwe, mace her a
viral prisoner in their home, monitoring her trips to and foe
schoo! and keeping her busy helping with the family busines.
Matters came to's head when Fairusa graduated from
high whoo! and wanted toattend college Her father forbade
her from seeking further education, claiming that, asa woman,
she had no need of it. Fairuza pretended to submit to her
father's will but watched carefully for an opportunity to
escape. The chance presented itself when Fainca found
herself alone in the bakery one day. She closed the shop and
bolted, taking money from the cash drawer. She bought a bus
ticket to Los Angeles und vanished from her family's lives.
Acarunawy, Faruzaamed quickly how toaurvive on the
streets. She hooked up with a gang led by a charismatic young
rman named Boudreaux, who appeared only at night and iiti-
sted her into his group's strange rituals — such asthe drinking
cf hus blood. By the time Boudreaux Embraced Fain, she wa
willing to do whatever he wanted her to... for a while.
Fairuzasoon realized, despite her Hood bond tbe ste, that
she was.as much a prisoner of Boudreaux as she had been of her
father. Boudreaux contrat her every accion kexpingg her Come
tohimand dictating everything from the clothesshe wore tothe
people she could asociate with. Fania plotted her excape. A.
‘nomadic Sabhat puck provided her with the "out" she needed.
Fairaza willingly underwent the Creation Rite and sur-
vived her probationary pertod, earning the right to be called
True Sabbat when she killed her sire and most of his gang. For
a time, she relished the freedom of unlife with her pack
Eveneually, she noticed that her pack leader, a Lasombra
named Ruiz who prided himselfon his machismo, rarely paid
attention to her ideas, Fairuza watched him in battle and
noted his lack of sophistication while she honed her own

skills. One night, she invoked the ritus of Monomancy
challenging her leader to a duel to the death. Expecting nt
easy victory over an upstart pack member, Ruiz toyed with
Fairuza, not realizing that she had slipped inside his guard
‘until it was too late. She gutted hie fro

froin to throat
Fairs claimed Ra's place a cc ara a nara
retain that position through her charisra and sheer determina:
tion, rather than through tact or martial prowess. Five years,
Fairuza and her pack traveled to Mexico to visit the center of
Sabbut actviey and attend the secs most prestigious Palla
Grande. Sascha Vykovalso made an appearance at that grandite
and its exotic, genderles beauty drew Fairuza tot ike» magnet.

The beat, determined young Braj, in turn, impresed
Seectur with some nner quality for requested that Faira and
her pack escort it to several other appointments in Mexico City
and Southern California. Since then, Fairuz's pack has served
Saicha as a personal guard whenever the itinerant pris
decides wtravelarcuredche America continent, emainingon
call whenever it has a need for them. Recently, Sascha has
requested they oversee its negotiations with some high-ranking
(Cmartta Tremere in, ofall places, Raleigh, North Carolina

Fainuza's current pack consits of Guggenheim, a 9th.
freneration Toreador antiitw; Dinaro, a l0ch-generation
Lasombea; Fayer,a 1Oth-generation Trimisce; Blitzkrieg, an
Uth-generation Gangrel antitbu; Mole, a 3th generation
Nosferanu anuimbw and Burn, a Yth-generation Ventrue
antienbs. Rowdy and Razor, two new recruits, ate current in
their probationary period, hoping to survive long enough to
join Faieusa's pack as True Sabbat.

mages Fairuca has dusky skin, dark curty hair that reaches
her shoulders and dark brown eyes. Like many franian women,
she is shorter than average, with slight bur athletic bua
Graceful in her movements, Fairuza exudes an "in-your-face"

‘Dewars Posome


acute when in the presence of anyone who might challenge
hherautherity (with the exception of Sascha Vykos).She dresses
fr sabicy and comfort tales dean adornment. She wears 0
Jewelry except forthe 200rsothin silverhocpsthat line her ears

Roleplaying Hints: No one is ever going to control your
life again. You have looked for freedom since before your
Embrace and now you have fooled yourself into believing that
youhave found it in the Sabbat. While youaccept the fact that
you sometimes have to follow orders, you prefer that thoxe
coders come from someone who appreciates your talents rather
than someone who justsces you asasubservient female. Sascha
‘Vykos fits the bill perfectly It does not consider you in terms
cf your gender but looks beyond the outer appearance into your
sprit. Ironically, as much asothers feat Sascha, with it you fee!
safe and unchreatened —as long as you do your job. Recently,
Sacha has begun to reawaken your interest in academics,
something your human family forced you to abandon. It
‘teminds you that your clan has history for scholarship as well
‘smittary excellence. You feel you should listen to ts urgings
{for you to hone your intellect as well as your body.

‘Haven: Fairura and her pack currently use an abandoned
warehouse in Raleigh, North Carolina asa communal haven.

Secrets: Fainiza may know details of Sascha's doings in
‘nadividual situations, but i willing to die before she revealed
them to anyone she didn't think should know,

Influence: Within the Sabbat iself, Fairuza has litle
influence. Asan adjunct of Sascha Vykos, however, she has
the respect of most ofthe Sabbat (except for Sascha's rivals)

Destiny: Sustenance
(Clan: Beujah ancient
Sire: The Devil Boudreaux
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Bravo
‘Generation: {Cth
Embrace: 1985
Apparent Ages early 20s
Physical: Serenath 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Beawl 4, Dodge 3,Grace 1,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Panhandling 2, Streetwise 2,
Style 2, Subterfuge 1
‘killa: Drive 1, Etiquette 2, Firearms 3, Melee 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 1
Knowledges: Clan Knowledge (Tremere) 1, Computer 1,
Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics (Kurdish, Spanish) 2,
‘Occult 1, Politics §

Disciplines: Celerity 3, Potence 2, Presence 2
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Resources 2, Sabbat Status 1
Virtues: Conscience 3, SelfControl 3, Courage 4
Morality: Path of Honomble Accoed 5
Willpower: 6

GANGREL AND GANGREL
ANTITRIBU

Mrmnu, KupatanCuttist
‘7th generation, childe of Ammulf
Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Defender

Embrace: 1190

‘Apparent Age: eatly 205

Cainitesseho cedure over the centuricscitheradape tothe
changes around them or fll into stasis — and likely torpor.
‘Mitru has ceased to evolve. He was once a powerful hunter
stalking the forests of Transylvania, but has since degenerated
into bestia fry, animal instincts and fallen almowe wholly to
the Beast. In his mortal days, he hunted the vampires who
preyed upon the Transylvanian village of Cj. Asa creature of
the night, he has become like the monsters he once destroyed

As a deferser of Tranoylvarian domain, Mitra mist
tained a fierce hatred of the Ottoman Assamites; thus, he
allied with Dracula's Axes. He is now the leader of a pack of
Gypsies and violent Gangrel chat frustrates the designs of
‘Assamitecklet» who hope toscise Transylvania nl exabth
itas part of their sphere of influence. As partof thisalliance,
the pursues other tasks on behalf of his patron, Dracula

By 1897, when The Dragon Ascendant begins, Vlad
Dracula has failed to bring London under hissway. He returns
‘instead to his timeless objective of mastering Kupala, a
demon lurking beneath the soil of Transylvania. Mitru the
‘Hunter, as part of his alliance with the Son of the Dragon,
agrees to lead a pack of independent Gangrel to the city of
‘Viera, where he hopes to retrieve the Incunabuban Kupala.
His pack also has a second, more covert objective in Vienna
Through koldunic rituals — the only type of magic the
‘Tremere do noc know how to counter — the Axesartempe to
poison the soil beneath the Viennese chantry.

{mn this firs task, Mitra fils, overcome by Transylvanian,
tivals. Inthe second, he achieves surprising results, Summoned
bby koldunic rites, spuritsof Kupala slowly infest the sod beneath
‘Tremere'salleged haven. Barely escaping with hisunlif, Mitra
‘becomes the target of a workdwide blood hunt called by Clan
‘Tremere. I the Hunter is not destroyed by the playen' coe
spiracy, be seventualy slain by Etriu's Warlocks. Rega
his centuries of suffering come to an end.

‘Tmentu, 1H ReCALCrTRANT SERVANT
10th generation, childe of Hamnuth
‘Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Conformist
Embrace: 1050
Apparent Age: indeterminate
For centuries, Tiberiu has acted asa scout and messenger
tothe most remote realms of Eastern Europe. Throughout the
19th century, he remained a faithful servant to both Radu

Tuwsnve Growcus N


Bosri and Viad Dracula, When Radu left for the New World,
‘Tiberiu stayed in Transylvania to serve Dracula. Throughout
the Victorian Age, those who wished an audience with the
‘Son ofthe Dragon summoned Tiberi to Bustria. The myste
tious Transylvanian cautiously took them in a rickety coach
through the dismal mountain roads leading to Borgo Pass
While Radu remained an anachronism in a rapidly
changing world, Viod Tepes wanted to evolve with this new
tage. Ina vain attempe to side with the Camarilla, the Son of
the Dragon attempted to vet up series of havens in the heart
of London. Tiberiu himselt led a solicitor named Renfield,
the poor fool who later became Dracula's favored ghoul, 10
the castle in. Borgo Pass. Just as Tiberiv assisted Vlad in
escaping across the Carpathians in the 15th century, the
Gangre! minion worked with Renfield toorgantze hismaster'
voyage from Varna to Whitby. Dracula's scheme failed
terly, however, and within a few years, Tibetiu again aided
the Son of the Dragon when he fled back to Transylvania
‘Cardinal Radu was overjoyed to hear of his rival's failure
and immediately returned to Transylvania to exploit further
politcal opportunities. There he leamed of the unwhole.
some activities ofthe childe of Vassily Taltos, recent victories
ofthe Inquisition and an ancient tome called the Incunabu
fuam Kupakam. Tiberiu was then enlisted to deliver messages to
many of Radu's old confidants, inchuding Nova Arpad and a
rather remarkable conspiracy of elders from Transylvania,
Inthe century that follows, Tiberiu continues to serv
4 mewenger for what is left of the Council of Ashes, «
conspiracy of vampiric once-weres from the Dark Ages. He
alo fares poorly in the struggle against the Beast over the
intervening centuries, and takeson many aspects ofthe beats,
wolves and butsofhis homelandat the foot ofthe Carpathia
By the endof Act Three, ithe character conspiracy t
bir with respect. Tiberiu may continu toserve san informa
and mesenger for them, briyging choice monelf information
about Sabbut domains from Mexico Cty to Montreal

LASOMBRA ANTITRIBU

Lucena
Background: Born to the Aragonese nobil

sy, Lucita's
willful spit and independent nature put her at odds with her
amily and imdicctly led to her forced Embeace by het
"confessor," Moncada, Her transformation did nod
tame her boldness, however, and Lucita eventually parted
-ompany with her site and — after the Lasombra defection to
che Sable — her clan. While she has served the Camanlla
asan archon in the past and till prefersthat sect over is rival,
Lacita operates as an independent agent. Ax a Lasombe:
aden, she harbors a burning hostility for her former clan,
seeing in them an insufferable arrogance that has no true
nobility to sustain i
Over the years, Lucita's asociation with An:
Mathavian prophet, her over much of the world.
Hier martial skills, honed over the centuries, have made her

«consummate warrior, while het diplomatic traning allows
her to function as an ideal spy and agent provocated
Although she perceivesherself as Anatole' guardian, she
developed her own interest in Kindred history, making her a
scholarinherown right. Together with Anatole and Beckett
Lucite i one ofthe foremost authorities on the Final Nights
and the signs of the awakening of the Ancients

Lucita travels with Anatole and Beckett
where she continues toactasthe anchor for he
driven companions. Het own rept
fn independent one) on behalf of the C:
nightly. Her ubility to adape tothe changing times gives het
an edge over others of her age and generation, lending het
insight into the modem world and inereaing her ability t
protect her selé appointed charges

Images Tall and willowy, with olive skin ann dak black
hair, Lucita exemplified the clasic appearance of old Spanish
nobility. She has updated het wardrobe

> teflect the rumen
colors and
uve changed your outward
rm world, but you
secretly 1 passing of true nobility among mortal
society. What passes racy
of celebn ars and rich, young entrepreneur
piles before the true eleyance of thoar hen to the Alsou
Sul, the excitement and vigor ofthe modern world impresses
youand you can't bear to ee it destroyed by Gehenna. Your
commitment to Anatole and Becke
itis voluntary, although you wo
since hisdiablerie of Octavio. You try to
other such temptations. You firmly believe, however, that
le and, to a lesser extent, Beckett hold the key to

tema strong because
ry even more about Anatole


Haven: Anywhere that presents asafe shelter for herself
and her traveling companions.

Secrets: Lacta's knowledge of Gehenna lus grown over
the centuries. She also knows of Anatole's many diableries
and of his conviction that the demon Kupala now speaks
through him. This disturbs her greatly

Influence: Locita exercises great penonal influence
among Kindred who have met her and have availed them-
selves of her skill and knowledge. Her reputation asa warrior
and her willingness to defend the Camanila against the
Sabbat hue made her many allies — as well as enemies.
Scholars of Kindred history also look to her for advice and for
‘interpretations of Anatole's incomprehensible utterances.

Destiny: Lucita continues her wanderings, taking ad-
vantage of the ease of travel fo spend time in both the
‘Americas and in Europe.

‘Clan: Lasomben ante

Sire: Ambrosio Luis Monygada

Nature: Rebel

Demeanor: Defender

Generation: 7th

Embraces 1199

Apparent Age: carly 20s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 2, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Empathy 2, Expres-
sion 2, Grace 3, Intimidation 1, Leadenhip 4, Streetwise 1,
Style 4, Subterfuge 4

‘Skills: Archery 2, rive 2, Etiquette 4, Melee 4, Performance 3,
Ride 2, Security 1, Stenlth 4

Knowledges: Academics 3, Camailla Lore 3, Investigation 3,
Linguastics (you name it, she penbably speaks it) 5, Qceule 4,
Politics 3, Sabbat Lote 3

Diacipines: Animalism 2, Celerity 3, Dominate 5, Fortitude 4,
(Othascate 3, Obtenebration 6, Potence 3, Potean 2, Serpentis 1
Beckgroundst Allies 2, Contacts 5, Head 2, tnfluence 2,
Resources 5, Sabbat Starus 1, Seanus 1

Virwues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 4
Morality: Humanity 4

Willpower: 7

MALKAVIAN

Anaroue
‘Background: Even asa mortal, sperinual matters fascinated
Anatole. The prophetic visions that visited Anatole after his
Embrace isicated that Anatole hc a mission in his unlife as a
conduit tn expeest Gos purpose forthe Children of Caine. Led
<down strange path byhis dreams, Anatole committed diablerie
‘on other vamptes in an attempe to absoeb their insights. Many
cofhis visions concerned Gehennas others told him ofthe demon
Kupala's restos dormancy beneath the soil of Transylvania.

During the French Revolution, Anatole experienced
‘transformation of his visionary goal, drawing him away from
attemptsto reconcile Kirneed existence with the will Gea
Instead he became a harbinger of the Final Nights.

Hismectingwith Octavio. anothermod prophet whoclimed
tobe the mouthpiece of the demon Kupala eto fateful tur in
‘Ansuole'sunife- Unwiling bear hisburden any longer, Octavio
sought to pus his legacy to Anatole through diablerie

‘Since that time, Anatole hascaried within him adouble
curse. Octavio's sprit continues to dwell within Anatole':
body, providing him with more profound insights into the
‘coming darkness of Gehenna, In aldition, Kupala now speaks
through Anatole, who incorporates the demon's perverse
‘omens and directives into his utterances

Anatole's attachment to Lucita provides him with a
faithful companion who can sometimes interpet his visions
for others. He considers himself Lucita's protector and, in
fact, demonstrates a fair degree of competency as a watriot

For the last two centuries, Anatole has kept company
with Beckett, nother seeker ofthe truth of Kineed exist-
ence and 1 noted commentator on the Book of Nod.

Image: Due primatily to Lucit's insistence. Anatole has
changed his appearance to conform to modem fashions. His
matted bond dreadlocks givehim the appearance ofaRaseafaran
and his piecemeal clothing gives him the look ofa vagranc. Of
‘medium height and unremarkable features, Anatole hasthe face
of fanatic. His eyes bur with the fire of his visions.

Roleplaying Hints: Your inner torment drives you to the
cece of despair as you see clearly what wll happen but cannot
expres your visions except in symbols that mean litle to others.
"Now that you harbor within you the soul of your mentor ans! the
voice ofa demon, your insights draw you ever closer tothe mith.
‘Sooner or later, the ture must manifest to yourwath the balance
cfalone forgotten sunrise. Yourrespitecomescnly when the eight
sigrs pes and your voices and visions trouble yeu no more

Haven: Wherever Anatole can take shelter fr the day

Secrets: Anatole has an ability akin to True Faith,
although it does not seem connected with any recognisable
religious belief. His ability to repel unwanted Kindred and
cother supernatural creatures defies explanation. He can also
perform miraculous deeds at critical moments.

Influence: While Anatole lacks uaditional "acs"
among Kindred, those who have met him cannoc deny his
conviction. He has acquired following of ghouls and human
acolytes who believe he is a holy man.

[Destinys In the lace 20th century, Anatole grows more
desperate tocommunicae the ungency of his isons. He travels
frantically from place to place, in the Americas, in Europe and
in parts of Avia and Aftca, searching for Kindked who might
believe and act upon his prophecies. Finally, just before the tum
cof the millennium, Anatole pours out his visions into a sreamn-
of-consciousnes epic and meets his Final Death.

(Clan: Mallavian,

Teen Geoncus IV


Sire: Pierre Imbecile

Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Penitent
Generation: 6th (due to his dablerie of Occavi

Embrace: 1193

Apparent Age: carly 205

Physicals Serength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Socials Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Empathy 4, Expres-
sion 4, Intimidation 3, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3

‘Skalls: Animal Ken 2, Archery 2, Crafts 3, Drive I, Etiquette 1,
Melee 3, Ride t, Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Academics 3, Computer 2, Enigmas 4, lnvesti
sation 2, Law 1, Linguistics (Spanish, English, Romani
German) 3, Occult 4, Theology 2

Disciplines: Animalisi 1, Auspex5,Celerity2, Dominate,
Fortitude 4, Obfuscate 6, Potence 2

Backgrounds: Herd 3, Retainers 4

Vietwes: Conscience 3, Self Conerol 2, Courage 5
Morality: Road of Heaven 5

Willpower: 6

True Faith: |

Beckett

7th generation, alleged child of Aristotle de Laurent

Apparent Aget late 20s or ently 30

Although many believe Beckett's claim to be the childe
of Acistodle de Lawent, many more question his clan

affiliation — since he exhibits none of the peculiat tender
cles that might mark him as a Malkavian. Whether de
Laurent actually Embraced Beckett o simply adopted hirn as
8 protégé matters less to Kindred who have encountered
Beckett thanhis reputation asascholarof Gehenna. Beckett's
theories conceming the origin and veracity of the Ron of
Nod have caused controversy in some Kindted citcles

His world travels in search of information regarding the
mystery of Kindeed existence and his questions regaeding the
destiny of Kindred place him inthe company of philosopher
and madmen, sages and prophets

In the 1890s, Beckett finds his way to Vienna, where the
ideas of Dr. Sigmund Freud concering the human pryche
fmcinate him. Pechaps out of a dese to correlate Freal's
research with the vampiric condition — araculaely with regard
to the relationship between ste and chile — Beckett stabies
the techniques of prychoanalys from the master hist

Hisincerest in Kioded hisuory does nox lay, however. fn
the 20th century, Beckett's travels take hima over the world.
‘Occasionally inthe company of Anatole and Lucita, he spends
his nights tracking down even the most obscure rumors that
night add to his cvergsowing knowlege of Kiexired fre

Nosreratu

Zex10s, MASTER MASON
Tth generation, childe of Hannibal
Naturet Architect

Demeanoe: Pedagoyue

Embeace: 1020

Apparent Age: early 30s

‘After completing his occult studies in the Mile East,
Zelios left for the New World, becoming a primogen in the
‘New Workl. Asiccurnedout,hisskillsasa polincian were not
as developed as his talents as an architect. Not long after
Zelios came tothe New World, New York City fell before the
claws of the Sabbat. Before the Sword of Caine took over,
Ihowever Zelios had influenced the construction ofa series
‘massive labyrinths beneath the city, Throughout the Victo:
tian Age, the Nosferatu aniribu modified Zelo
system of subway tunnels and sewer mains

Zeltos returned to his calling as an architect, finding no
solace inthe political arena. Although he was no loryget able
to build complex castles and palaces, he sill furthered the
growth of cities in the New World. With his asitance
Nosferatu developed their underground kingston, busking
unseen realms beneath the cities of kine. While peinces
rathered bons in the streets above, Nosferatu secured theit
territories below. Zelios was soon welcomed in cities throug
outthe New World. offering hisassistance toany who wanted
to expand the clan's underground domains

Despite his accomplishments, Zelios never truly felt like
an of his work was complete. Fortunately, the modern age has
fiven him a chance for redemption, The Tremere covet

Dewees Paso


Manhattan and have once again moved against the Sabbat
‘packs that stalk the streets. While they mancuver in the city
above, Zelios is more concemed with the city below. For
centuries, the Nosferatu antinibw have overseen radical
changes to the underground terrain, creating unseen laby-
rinths the kine ofthe city never suspected.

In Act One of The Dragon Ascendant, fany Nowferata in,
the players' conspiracy has remained on good terms with Zelios,
hhe may continue to advise them on ways to expand their
‘underground domains. Prior to Act Two, however. Zelios meets
Final Death; the circumstances are not yet widely known.

Ravnos

Viaprstav TaLios,
THe INSTRUMENT OF Revenoe

9th generation, childe of Vassily Taltos
‘Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Conniver

Embrace: 1362

Apparent Age: 23

lthe 14th century, Vassily Taltos, a former confidant of
the princes of Transylvania, tied of the machinations of the
Eastern European Jyhad. Turing his back on an unlife of
‘uncertainty and chaos, he mix a valiant attempt to create a
haven for his Ravnovallies and Rroma relations. Hispania
mae its home on the Field of Blackbirds in the province of
Kosovo Polje. Guided by Vassly's astute political leadership,
the Gypsies established a small hamlet with a population of
several dosen. Despite occasional roubles from the local
Serbs, the Rroma protected by Vassily prospered. They named
this hamlet after the local province: Konowo.

The Turks, however hd other plans in mind. tn 1362,
the Field of Blackbirds became the site of ternible skirmish,
the Battle of Kosovo. This was Eastern Europe's last desperate
stand against the encroaching Turkish hordes. The advanc-
{ng Ottoman Turks not only forced back European armies,
butalsodecimated most of the townsin the resion. The Serbs
suffered the most losing their lands to soldiers of a vastly
different culture.

‘Mere nights after the battle, Vasily swore his revenge.
Filled with hatred and mourning the death of hs kampania, he
sired Viadislay, a child conceived in rage. That night, Vassily
abandoned all hope of finding a permanent home for his
people. Ifthe Rayos could not exist peacefully with the other
clans. then they were forever set again them. Long ago, he
hhad leamed the treacherous politics used by the Eastern Lord
Ventrue. On the night of hischilde's Embrace, he vowed tose
thissametacticsagainst them. Schooledin the waysofCainites,
by his sire. Vindilay inherited Vasily' hatred Many of the
European Ravnos also harbored a hatred for the Camatilla.
Vacsly came to represent this quality a its worst

Hischilde Vladislay's greatest crusade against the princes
‘of Europe involved an elahorate scheme against the Camarills

domain of Vienna. Inhis travels, he uncovered a tome printed
in the late 15th century, the Incunabuhem Kupalam. He soon
leamed of several cules that desired this treawre, inching one
within the Black Hand. Playing both sides against the mile,
hhe made a tentative offer to Clan Tremere, sending a messen-
‘gertochet largest chantry in Vienna. By igniting open warfare
between the most powerful Warlocks of Europe and Sabbat
agents in the heart ofthe city, he orchestrated a grand scheme
‘of deception, an accomplishment that was repeated around
Gypsy campfires well into the modern nights.

If Viadisla survives Act One of The Dragon Ascen-
dant, he continues to raise hell in the largest cities of Eastern
Europe. If he actually manages to survive the decades that
follow. he eventually returns to the Field of Blackbirds in
Kosovo, where Vassily's lampania once attempted to build a
Village bearing the same name. in 1999, he witnesses the local
‘Serbs campaign of "ethnic cleansing" rgainst the Albanians
of the region. Some justify their acts by citing the Battle of
Kosovo in 1362. Hatred never dies.

TReMERE

Annan Lane (ronmenty Annan
OrGoLvenLane),

Background: Combining personal ambition with a de-
sire for responsibility, Ardan has risen through the ranks of
the Tremere over the centuries of his unlife, Given charge of
a secret chantry in Prague in the 12th century, Ardan now
servesthe Tremere well as an infiltrator, providing safety and
financial support for the clan's efforts in Transylvania. Re-
warded with the command of Ceotis after the relocation of
‘Tremere's slumbering body to Vienna, Ardan holds that
chantry until summoned to Vienna in the 1900's to assume
the position of Tremere primogen,

In Viera, Ardan proves a cayuble primogen, demon
strating his skill ac the political and social games and earning
the respect of his fellow Tremere. His ability to plan for the
‘unexpected as well as his willingness to undertake the search
fou the Incroabrdom Kagulam draws the auencion of his
superiorsin the clan. When war breaks out in Austrian 1914,
‘Andan once again moves to Ceoris at the behest of the
Council of Seven, who feel his subtlety serves them best in
Eaxen Europe: Unlike many Kindred Ardan does ot fee
Romania during the Nazi occupation. He maintainsCeorisas
a haven for Tremere refugees (those who disagree with
serving Hitler's National Socialism) and continues his efforts
‘wo hold dhe chantry inviolme aygainat both mortal enemies
and hostile Trimisce.

Ardan weathers the Communist regime in Romania,
seeking alliances with some of the mote tolerant (if sch is
possible) non-Sabbat Tzimisce whenever posible. After the
fall of Ceaucescu, Andan attempts to reassert Tremere powet
among the Kindred of Romania. The recent reappearance of
‘his sire, Celestyn, from his journeys among the Kuei-jin has

Twwsnvnea Geoncss V

0


renewed Atdan's dormant interest in affairs outside the
inwular world of Romanian Kindred.

Image: Pleasant-looking, with average features, auburn
thair and brown eyes, Atdan wes his nondescript appearance
to good purpose in his investigations. He hus wucceeded in
modernising his appearance to puss untemarkably when he
interacts with mortal society, though in the peivacy of his
chantry he wears the formal robes of a bygone er

Roleplaying Hints: Youhave survived and prospered for
‘many centuries and hope to doo for many more. Your ability
to thrive in challenging circumstances has served you well in
the past: While you do not ake unnecessary risks, you do not
hhestate to act when action seems both necessary and dest-
able. You enioy responsibility. recognizing that certain duties
come with holding power. Yoursire'strustin youhasnotbeen
misplaced so far and you hope to continue to prove worthy of
your immortal lineage

Haven: In the 19th century, Ardan eesided at the

Vienna chantry; in the modem nights, he dwells at Ceoris,

Secrets: Ardan has amased a considerable body of
occult knowledge, including legends of Kupala and some the
signs of Gehenna. He suspects that Etrius harbors some dark
secret that concems the clan founder, but has not, as yet,
jputsled out the trut

Influence: As the Tremere primogen of Vienna, Ardan

holds a great deal of influcnce among Vicrwrese Kisnlrea. fr

the 20th century, Ardan enjoys the respect of his underlings

at Cootis and the approval of his superiors in Vier.
Destiny: Ardan continues to uphold a strong Tremere

presence in Romania, protecting Ceoris from both Sabbat

and non-Sabbat Tsimiice, werewolves and other hostile

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Celestyn

Nature: Judge

Demeanor: Director

Generation: 7th,

Embrace: 1107

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physicals Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimi:

, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 5
Etiquette 3, Herbalism 3, Melee 3, Ride 1,

Security 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 4, Enigmas 2, Investigation 3, Law

4, Linguistics (Hebrew. Hungarian. Romanian, German) 3,

Medicine 2, Occult 4, Performance 2, Politics 4

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Dominate 3, Nectomancy 2, Obfus-

cate 3, Presence 3, Thaurnaturgy 6

Necromantic Pathe: Sepulchre Puth 2

‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Alchemy 5, Elemental Mastery 5,
Focused Mind 4, Hearth Path 3, Onciromancy 1, Path of
Blood 5, Path of Conjuring 2
Backgrounds: Clan Prestige 3, Contacts 3, Resources 4,
Retainers 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Seli-C
Mor Humanity 6
Willpower: 7
Cenestys

Background: Celestyn's wholehearted devotion to dis
covery and adventure marks him ws something of an anomaly
among the usually conservative and haven-bound Tremere
Over the centuries, he has followed obscure leads and located
‘many treasures and artifacts that now reside within the vaults
of the Vienna chantry. His fearless investigation of the
‘Tetmisce during the 12th century provided his clan with most
of their basic knowledge concerning the Fiends and their
practices. A noted linguist, his
cultist, Celestyn's venturesome spirit and willingnes «
undertake journeys to obscure places
rues have earned him a teputation for fearlesnes.

Dividing his time between the field and his studi
CCelestyn rises to the position of Master Librarian of Ceoris
He organizes the Tremere clan's massive collection of books,
scrolls and manuscripts in addition to holding frequent
discourses and study groups to provide his fellow Warlocks »
chance to exchange ideas and grow in knowledge

Eventually, however, the seder
clan hickering becomes wear

ol 5, Courage 4

in, urchaeologist and oc

ye moment the need!

cary unlife
1¢, 29 Celestyn abandons his
pnt in the dead of night and sets off for parts unknown. His

and wn

‘Dewars Paso


child, Augustine d'Erlette, eventually succeeds hitm as Mas:
ter Libear

Despite is disappearance, Celestyn remains in the good
sracesof the clan, leading speculators to believe that he has
tundertaken some vital mision for the Council of Seven. His,
{known associations with Kinaed scholars Aristotlede Laurent
and Beckett lend support to the idea that Celestyn has
embarked on » sectet quest for more information about the
Final Nights othe scerets of the vampiric condition.

{In actuality, Celestyn has decided to travel to the mys-
terious lands of the Cathayans and investigate them himelf.
Unsatisfied with the incomplete reports of the Tremere in
Hong Kong and other Asian cities, Celestyn makes his own
Inquiry, ignoring his fellow European vampires as much as
possible. Although he proceeds cautiously, he seems to have
fained some acceptance among the Asian. vampires — as
proven by hissurvival. The reversion of Hong Kong to China
in July 1998 serves asa sun to Celestyn that his time in the
East has come to an end

He retums to Ceoris and, after speaking with Ardan

to meet with the Council of Seven

with Etrius in the elders private chambers, Celestyn leaves
the Vienna chantry and sets out on a "tour" of European
chantries. What he discovered in the East remains known
‘only to Etrias for the present

Unage: Celestyn har a pleasant face, dark blond hair and
teown eyes. Hismascularboaly giveshimadistinctly unschol
arlyappearance and suits him for travel and rugged unlife. He
<drewes in comfortable khakis and rugged twills except when,
formal occasions demand! mote appropriate attire. He bias
acquired 1 considerable collection of clothing and jewelry
foun his Asian travels

Roleplaying Hintst Youhave learned many curious fncts
about the customs and beliefs of the Eastern vampires, and
the fat that you survived scems mote and more rematkable
toyouwith each pasingnight. Sometimes you wonder if your
sources haven't deliberately mbinformed you in order to we
‘you to spread misinformation about the "Kuei-jin," as they
call themselves. Still, mich of what you have leamed makes
sense — particularly with regard to the Asian vampires'
interpretation of the Caine legend and theie animosity tothe
renegade they refer to as Zao-lat. You only wish there were
‘more time to lear from them. Instead, it seems that conflict
between East and West loomson the horizon —just ane step
ahead of Gehenna. Nevertheless, you strive to do what you
«an to ameliorate both the coming problems with the As
Kindred and the inevitable war with the ancient vampires.

Haven: Celestyn occupies seriesof chambers in Ceoris,
sehen he #00 tuaveling elewhere tn Earuye.

Secrets: Celestyn can ferret out many secrets worth
{knowing (in his opinion), Currently, he is pethaps one ofthe
few Kindred who has any reliable information about the
mpreriow Avian vampites. Celestyn's inquisitive nature

lends him an open-mindednes rately fou
He does not scoff at the possibility that western vampires
have somehow misunderstood 1
however, is that he may one night fal Tamice
‘enemies such Sascha Vykos, his archenemy, and pay for his
past investigations into the Fienus' secrets.

Influence: Celestyn deliberately refrains from exercs
{ny his clout among his fellows, preferring to let his ideas and
arguments speak for themselves. He enjoys the admiration
and respect ofis childcr, Andan Lane and Auguste dErlette,
as well as the estecm of Etrius and Meerlinda among the
Council of Seven.

Destiny: Celestyn continues his quest for knowledge on
the eve of Gehenna

Clan: Tremere

Sires Etrius

Natures Architect

Demeanor: Celebrant

Generation: 64h

Embrace: 1039

Apparcat Ages latc 205

Physical: Serength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 6, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empachy 2, Enigmas 2, Grace 2, Intimidation 1, Intuition 2,
Leadership 3, Streetwise 3, Subcerfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 1. Archery 1, Drive 1. Etiquette 3
Herbalism 4, Meditation 3, Melee 3, Performance 3, Ride 3,
Stealth 3, Survival 4

Knowledges: Academics (Metaphysica) 5, Astrology 2,
Cartography 2, Heath Wicloen 3, History 3, Investigation 3

Toons Gecrenss

2


Law 1, Linguistics (Arabic, English, French, Greek, Hangat-
tan, Cantonese, Mandarin, Russian) 4, Navigation 2, Occul 6,
Science 3

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 3, Celerity 2,
‘Chimecsry 1, Dominate 4, Fortine 4, Obfwcate 3, Potence 2,
Protean 4, Thaumaturgy 5

‘Thaumaturgical Paths: Elemental Mastery2, The Green
Path 4, Path of Blood 5, Thaumaturgical Countermagic 2

Backgrounds: Clan Prestige 3, Contacts 4, Influence 3,
Rewurers4, Retainers 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 5

Morality: Humanity 7

Willpower:7
Tremene
3rd generation Antediluvian of Clan Tremere

‘One of the mont potent mages in Europe during his
Idctume, Tremere and seven of histollowers discover a ritual
which cransforms them into vampires. His diablerie of Saulot
in 1153 solidifies the Tremere's status as a clan, Unforta-
nately, Tremere doesnot fully understand the implications of
hus action, for Saulots soul remains active wich the former
image, plunging him into a centuries long battle of wills for
control of his own body,

Guarded by Errius, Tremere wages a silent struggle with
Suto. sipping intoand out oftoepor ashe attempes to subde
the Salubri Antediluvian's desire for dominance. Cured (ot
besed) with an unstable form as a result of his "Embrace,"
‘Tremere finds his body assuming numerous and often horrific
forms, a times leaving him a mouthless quadeiplesc, while at
other times cocooning him ina hideous, larval mass,

Eventually, it becomes cleat to Tremere that Saulot is
winning the battle. Tremere emburks on a bold ploy to
salvage what he can of himself and to wam hisclan of Saulot's
diabolical intentions.

Using Exrius as a temnporary vesel, Tremere leaves his
bod and inhabits his most futhful servant. He instructs Eris
todeliver him to Mexico, wherehe beieveshecan finda more
suitable body to powsess — that of his rogue student Goratrix.

Despite his agonizing mental stragle (or, pehaps, because
of it), Tremere has retained his eaniry — indeed, « plunge into
madness woul have guaranteed his immediate destruction by
‘Saulot. Nevertheless, he is far froma paragon of mental fortitude,
cxhitwanga fanatic dete to achieve his oul, driving Ex
ezhauntion in hi urter focus om gaining 2 permanent body

Tremere knows of Saulot's deception and of the Salubei
founders plans regarding Gehenna. He is also aware of
‘Saulot's connection with the Bali. He hopes to use this
information to his advantage in the upcoming tribulation.

No Traits exist for Tremere. Asa boxiless spirit, he has
‘no Physical Attributes. His Mental and Social traits surpass
most (if not all) extant Kindred. If chamcters come into
‘conflict with him, they lose. Period, Do not test the gods

Ernwus,tHe Lovat

4a generation, nominal chiki of Tremere
Nature: Unknown

Demeanor: Conformist

Embrace: 1022

Apparent Age: eatly 30s

‘Once a powerful Swedish mage, Etrius follows Tremere
‘nto unlfe —and has regretted itever nce Still his devotion
to bis "sire" and mentor has stained him theogh the Long
nights of inner torment. Driven by his anguish at what he has
become, Exrius emerges asthe leader of those Tremere who
‘oppose Embracing mortal members of House Tremere against
their will Although he fails to disuade his fellow varpsers
from this acti, Exrius remains unwavering in his loyalty to
"Tremere. His rivalry with Gorarx for Tremere's attentions
(and, some sy, affections) causes such discord within the clan
that Tremere finally disperses his seven council members tn
distant part of the world. Exius remains at Ceoes, keeping
vigilover Tremere 'sshambering form. Eventually, Erasmoves
‘Tremere (and the clan headquarten) to Vienna. There he
‘pases the time in study. honing his keen intellect and becom
ing adept at many forms of Thaumaturgy.

‘Gradually, Erius becomes aware ofthe intense, nightly
struggle going on inside Tremere's boy. Receiving cryptic
telepathic messages from Tremere, Etnus pieces together
most ofthe story of Saulot's secret treachery. When Tremere
announces to Etrus his plan to transfer his spt to another
body, using Etrius a a temporary vesel, Etius submits —
though noe without question — to the will of his master.

Etrus wunily disguises his astute intelligence behind a
placid, zomewhat morose fagade. While he serves sa est for
‘Tremere' sprit, however, he exhibits erratic changes of mood
and personality, a Tremere drives him to comletc his perpom.

‘As with Tremere, no Traits ae given for Etrus. Story
tellers who feel they need to quantify Etrus's Traits may do
so as they wish, with the understanding that Etrius cleatly
‘cuptripe the characters. His comunand of THhaumaargy in:
cludes all known paths (as well as some obsolete ones) and he
knows whatever rituals necessary fr the purpose ofthe sory.
Gonatnm,1He Berraven
4th generation, nominal chile of Tremere
Nature: Unknown
Demeanor: Rogue
Erabrace: 1022
Apparent Age: carly 30s

‘The creator ofthe ritual that transforma Tremere an his

seven most trusted colleagues into vampires, Goratrix leads
the faction that advocates the forcible and immediate

Dawns Paso


transformation ofthe remaining mortal Tremere mages into
vampires. Brilliant and egotistical wo the extreme, Goratrix
takes to his new unlife with relish. Adamantly opposed to,
Etrius, his primary rival in the eyes of Tremere, Goratrix
‘embarks on experiments that result in the creation of Gar-
spylesas servants ofthe clan. Given the position of regent for
France, the wealthiest and possibly the most important
region ‘of Europe 12th century, Goratrix embroils
himielf in many risky ventures — the most notorious one
tovolving the discrediting of the Templarsan the attempt to
acquite their treasure. Summoned to Ceoris to answer for his
misuse of power and his endangerment of the clan, Goratrix
teceives the censure of his fellow Warlocks.

Although he makes an appearance before the Council,
Goratrix rebels against his clan and flees before his trial
teaches an end. He allies himself with the anarchs during
their uprising and, after the Convention of Thoms, casts his
Jot with the fledgling Sabbat. As the head of the Sabbat
Tremere (whom he refers to as "House Goeatrix"), Goratrix
continues to indulge his talent for bizarre experimentation
and, reportedly, flirts with summoning infernal creatures,
Rumoes sgeead that the Tremere antiniw consoet with de-
‘mons and other nefarious monsters of the infernal host.

‘Goratrix'spower within the Sabbat growsuntil he threat-
«nw the highest levels of the set's leadership. Although the
Sahhat eecognites« need for magical aspport, most members
do not trust Goratrix's Tremere.

Goratrix prides himself on his appearance. With dark
brown hut, hacel eyes and a clean-shaven face, he attracts
admiring glances from those atound him, yet few miss the
‘ervelty that lies just below the surfce. He dresses in stylish
clothes that speak of wealth without estentation and eult-
vates the image of himself as scholar, sage and genius.

Storytellers who wish wo create Teait for Guratrix sould
{cel free to do s0. His Traits should rival those of Etrius and
‘exceed Kindred of higher generations.

Tzmusce

SAscna VvKos
{th generation, chile of Symeon
Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Visionary
Embrace: 1002
Apparent Age: indistinguishable

‘Once known 2s Myca Vykos, Swacha has painstakingly
transformed itself into a creature of alien beauty and hoerid
fascination, shedding the last vestiges of its identification
with humanity in the process. As Myca, Sascha participates,
fa some of the key actions that led to the formacion of the
Sabbar and to the suppoved diablerie of the Trimisce clan
founder. It masterminds he attackon the village of Silchester,
neat Thoms, as a protest against the humiliation of the
savarclo atthe Convention of Thoms. That action, seminal

to the creation ofthe Subba, inspires Sascha to undertake a
lengthy (ongoing) recrfting ofits body and a continual
"makeover" of its identity.

Sascha Vykos serves the Sabbat xs scholar, putting its
vast knowledge of Kindred lore and Noddist scholarship to
use for the benefit of the sect. and as a canny and ruthless
warrior, ourthinking as well as outfighting its opponents.

Asan itinerant priscus, Sascha commands a great deal of
power within the Sabbat. Its cerie presence actsasan unliving
reminder that vampires have separated themselves from thetr
‘mortal beginning. Its wisdom and insight, basedon centuries
of observation, experience and study, lend direction to the
elders of the Sabbat, while its zeal and ferocity as a warrior
‘endear it to the sect's younger, more violent element

Sascha' willingness to undertake the delicate negotia-
tions hetween Eenusand Goratrix, despite its personal vendetta
against the Tremere, offer incontrovertible proof of its devo-
tion to the Sabbue.

‘A detailed portrait of Sascha, along with appropriate
listings for Traits, can be found in Children of the Night.
‘Storytellers should ue the statistics provided in that book if
rnecomary. The character should know bettr than to pro-
vvoke Sascha's anger or engage it in hostilities. In they are
foolish enough to do s0, however, the characters deserve
everything they get.

VLAD DRACULA, THE SON OF THE DRAGON
Sth generation, childe of Lambach

‘Nature: Visionary

Demeanor: Tyrant

Embrace: 1495

Apparent Age: carly 40s

In 1710, Viad Tepes thought he had secured his ascension.
topower. By attempting tochannel the demon Kupala he tried
to ise above such petty concems as the stage between the
(Camanilla and Sabbat. Ultimately, he failed, defeated by an
ambitious Transylvanian conspiracy. His rivals stopped a
‘koldunsc ritual by seizing the legendary Sword of Dracula and
‘using it against the Son of the Dragon himself

Brocding, Viad descended once mote to his chambers
beneath Castle Arghes. Asthe Sahbat secured the voivedotes
‘of Transylvania, the Dragon remained distant from struggles
‘conducted in the shadows of his terrible castle. His continu-
ing studies of koldunic sorcery distracted him from petty
political concems, even as the Turks seized Transylvania
itself. After the Habsburg Ventre led their crusade for the
lands beyond the forest, the reyion had been weakened
‘enough 10 allow the Sabbat to attain prominence. Vlad
Dracula was appalled by the events that followed.

This new, younger generation bared only a marginal
‘esemmblance to the *sabbats" and esbats ofthe ISth century
‘An overpopulation of Cainites resulted in plenty of raucous
chiller for the Old World Trimisce, In resporse, a sect

Tesora Grows V


allegedly devoted to freedom and the destruction of the
(Camarilla began to create its own nobility. Ironically, the
‘Sabkat became in many ways as static as the Camanila it
swore to destroy. Ancient vampires seized or invented new
tithes to aid them in suppressing ambitious young packs

Disgusted, Draculasoon realized that he was also becom-
{ing an unliving anachronism, pale imitation of his former
self. By contrast, stories of prosperous Camarilla cities in-
trigued him. He asked his servant Tiberia to being him news
from the cities of Europe, including London, Vienna and
Paris. While continuing his occult scudies, he tuned his
attention to lighter reading: novels, newspapers and scandal
sheets of the day. To avoid becoming as anachronistic as the
‘hoary old Feudalist Tsimisce, he embarked on aplan to move
his haven to one of the most prosperous Camarilla-held
cites. Vind Dracula rerlved to secure a domain in the heart
of Victorian London.

The Son of the Dragon masked his true intentions
bbchind a false agenda, He spoke of establishing a faction of
‘noble Tsimisce within the Camarilla — a plan that thank-
fully never saw fruition. While advancing this idea, he
petitioned a Ventrue named Anne to allow him to establish
tan estate in her domain, Just as he had once charmed the
daughter of the King of Hungary, he convinced Anne of his
sincerity. Anne went before the Ventrue prince, Mithras, 10
seeakon Viad's behalf, Within a year. the Son ofthe Dragon
contacted a legal associate named Renfield to asst him in
‘moving his possessions to London.

Once news of Dracula's achievement spread throughout
the undead societies of Europe, his rivals quickly conspired
‘against him. Fast, a London Harpy scandalted hima through
cout the domain, Another rival, a Sabbat Toreador named
‘Arianne, then tricked him into a romance with a mortal —
anaffairthar ended in tragedy. Within afew months, group
of human hunters harried Dracula across Europe and back to
theshoresof Varna. Asthe final dagger in hisheart, Cardinal
‘Radu Bisri took a personal interest in Dracula's downfall,
turning several of the non-Sabhar Tsimisce against him
during his absence.

Furious, the Son of the Dragon vowed revenge on both
the London Camarilla and the Transylvanian Tzimisce. He
ispatched Tiberia to the north once again, this time vo
retrieve a struggling author he had hired to help write his
‘memoirs. Viad's Gangrel minion brought back letters and
samples of writing from this gentleman, an Irish fellow who
was then working a6 a perional servant to Sie Henry Irving.
‘The result of their extensive correspondence was a tale
designed to shatter the Masquerade: reworking ofthe events
of Dracula's journey from the Oli World to London. Al-
though Beam Stoker took extensive ibertice with the tale, he
crafted a masterpiece that would endure for ages afterward,

As for Viod himself, he eventually relocated to the
crumbling remains of an obscure Transylvanian castle,

continuing to study koldunic vorcery ashe awaited his chance
to rise from the ashes of his past failures.

Several Kindred scholars allied against him by warning
the European Camanilla of an ancient prophecy. The legend
they repeated stated that ifthe Dragon should rise again,"
‘one of the siens of Gehenna would he fulfilled. Unforas-
nately, theit interpretation of this Kupalan prophecy was not
entirely accurate, Theit mistake not only frustrated the
design of the Transylvanian count, but also gave Kupala's
cultistsa chance to fulfil the actual meaning ofthe prophecy

In the end, Dracula's rand scheme against the London
‘Camarila failed. Beam Stoker crafted a masterwork, but it
failed to disrupt the Masquerade as much as his patton
‘expected. Although Dracula became notorious, the Kindred
used Vlad's propaganda to their own advaneage, learning to
"hide in plain sight." Unable to adape to the moder world,
the Son of the Dragon became a tragic reflection of his
literary perona,

In the real workd, Vlad the Impailer's legacy has become
‘more than a Romanian legend — it has een transformed into
ameansof drawing tourist, The house in Sighisoara where Vlad
‘Tepes was born has vince become a retaurant. An clabootc
"castle" in the Borgo Pass now serves a a tourist hotel. Castle
Argh although i isin ruins, looks lovely on scenic penteards
ln the World of Darkness, Castle Arghes survived and i also an
attraction for European traveler Beneath thistoutst ite, Zelion
has constructed elaborate chambers where Viad Tepes endures
inthe shadow of his own fame.

‘The Wallachian count is now unable tocompete with the
thousand interpretations of his legend. Fame has overtaken
him, sometimes presing his real-world persona beneath the
stereotypical secent of Bela Lugosi, the melodramatic acting of
Christopher Lee and the chilling mania of Gary Okiman.
Alehough Vlad the Impalce was reviled in the 15h century by
cheap scandal sheets, their circulation was insignificant com:
‘pared tothe modem flood offiction in bookstore chains, movie
theaters, and video stores. Beneath Castle Anghes, the Son of
the Dragon tumbles in and out of torpor, waiting fr the night
when he can again tise to prominence. Until then, mortals
Continue to revisit his legend over and over.

Carpinat RADU BISTRI, THE SENESCENT
MASTER

7th generation, childe of Visya

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Director

Embrace: 1125

‘Apparent Age: mid-30s

Hunted by Dominic'schilderand reviled by anew genera:
tion of Traneylvanian Sabb, Count Rad could masa
|hisposition asa figurehead of the Trimisce for long He fled the
Bongo Pass castle centuries before the madem nights, relying

Instead upon the hospitality of Feulalist Tsimisce to survive
‘Asan elder without a domain, he traveled from rato hrc

Dewars Prsonne


to veteadte, calling upon his fellow Fiend while invoking the
mont traditional forms of etiquette. Only ane significant
Tramisce refined Radu this courtesy — Lond Dracula, who
rushed to recover the Borgo Pass caste fren the claws of
Septemus and the rampaging Sabbat Beujah anciibu. Vlad
Dracula remained there until the Victorian Age, when he
decided to relocate to London, Because Radu had abandoned
the Borg Pass ctl, the Son ofthe Dragon cursed his name,
‘Through etiquette and diplomacy, Radu gamered enough
litical influence to appeal toa few key veuades amane the
kde Transylvanian Tsimisce. By speaking against the new
isencration of Sabbat vampires asa threat to the security of the
Feualists Rad helpextcreate nnew political office: Candinal of
the Land Beyond the Forest. Althoush the Tsimise's alliance
was tenuoxs, it helped stave off the depredations of a new
iecncration of neonate Sabbut. After a decade, Raat left for the
New World to bring his ideas to the Sabbat abroad. After
witewin fisthand the dangers thatthe youn generations
‘Sabbut could create, he wel hisexperience to push through the
Purchase Pact, dictum forbidding Sabb fom warring against
cach other instead oftheir rue enemies in the Canmanilla

Septem and hicallies were later dain for "violations of
the Purchase Pact," but by then, a new wave of Brujab
«ance had spread throughout Easter Europe. Transylvanian

Brutes became infamous throughout the Old World, even as
they wete reviled by the Transylvanian Fiend. Nonetheless,
Radu had managed to perform an impressive feat: temporarily,
‘uniting the Trimisce, the most fractious group of Cainites on
the planet. After the events of Act Three, ifthe conspiracy
{s sll on good terms with Rada, he ean continue to advise
them on matters of Teitmisce politics.

Eastern Hinpren (Kuer-sin)

Yevo Let,"THuNper Hawk"

Background: Ying Lei grew up jt before the British occur
pation of Hong Kong, His tnlitional family encouraged hi in
the purwat ofboth spiritual knowledge and the waysof the work.
Yang Let spent mont of his erty yeas saying the moti arsandh
‘homing is body to » keen edge. He also steeped himself in the
‘occult aes earning geomancy (o feng sha) and various types of
divinatory practices, inchaling the casting ofthe I Ching, astrol-
‘oy ane ther forms of foreelling the future. His devotion to his
faroly key him from following in the tracksof many fhisfriends
\who-eagely sought to make their way upwant in the Britsh-ruled
‘crarchy of finance an politics. While he adopeedsome western
‘manners when necessiry, in his home he followes the tradi-
tional forms of behavior and belies

Tragedy struck Ying Leis family in 1856 during the
Second Opium War, when British sokdiers arrested Ving Let's
family for treason against the Crown, alleging that they
trafficked in contraband and the illegal sae of opium. Only
Ying Let managed to escape. When heattemptesto rescue his
family from British custody (ealiing that a fai trial from the
_swelo masters was impossible), he discovered that his efforts

‘came too late. His entire family was gunned down bya Beitish
firing squad. Enraged, Ying Lei launched a suicidal attack
sins the fine group of British soldiers he encountered,
killing four of them before he finally fll to their bullets.

Hissayin the Yor World was brief. Driven by rage and
sadesite to avenge his family. Ying Letemenped and reclaimed
his boxy, this joining the ranks ofthe Kuet-in, or Cathayan
vampites. After spending nearly a decade as a mindless
devourer of (mostly British) flesh, Ying Lei was captured and
subdued by an elder Kuei-jin named Lun Meng. apbileweplier
and practitioner of the Kuei-jn Discipline of Feng Shu.

‘Lun Meng sensed away tochannel the rage belonging to
‘hischange by directing it toward an enemy more worthy than
the Brith and, at che same time, to help fulfill his own,
purpose. Long ago, Lun Meny's master, a truly ancient and
‘now deceased Kuei-jin, met a western vampire named Za0-
lat, renegade and traitor who stole many secrets of the
Kuei-jin and perverted them to his own advantage Lun
‘Meng inherited the duty from his master of keeping alive the
tale of Z30-lats infamy and of finding a way to repair some of
the damage done by this heinous creature

Indoctrinating Ying Lei with the tale of the westemer
who perverted the teachings of the Kuei-in proved a simple
task. Along with the story of Zao-lat's treachery, Ying Lei
eared the tale of Zelios and his search for eruth in the East

‘Unlike mon Kuet-jin, however, Yinwg Lei recemrly dis-
‘covered that nocall Western vampiresshare the same spiritual
‘blindness Zao-lat. His meeting with the Kin-jin (western
‘vampire) named Celestyn marginally tempered his views of
rnon-Cathayan vampires. When Celestyn felt compelled to
leave Hong Kong and return home, Ving Let recognized the
incompleteness in their asociation,

Now, YingL.ci has traveled viadragon lines, through the
spirit world, toRomanta to answer call from Celestyn for aid
in untangling a blighted knot in the heart of Transylvania
‘With the approvalothismaster Lun Meng, YingLeihascome
to cleanse the dragon lines of this litte known part of the
‘world lest their potions seep into their own lands. Ying Let
does not doubt that the task és dangerous. If he survives,
however, he has arate opportunity to observe the Kin-jin in
their own landsand being back that information to his master
for use against the gweilo vampires.

Image: Ying Lei appears as a warrior from Chinese
legend. He has long black hair, shaved halfway back fom his
forehead, with a single gathered warrior's knot in the back.
His handsome features rately show any expression, as if
reserving judgment (or judging everything he sees). His
laughter, however, quickly dispels such a sour frst impees~
sion. Hisbodyislithe and well-museled due to his martial arts
training, He moves with the grace and economy of a panther.
Ying Lei feels most comfortable weating loose trousers and a
tunic. He usually conceals his sword under a long cout

Roleplaying Hints: You remain always mindful of your
Dharmic path and practice moderation and balance in

‘Tuvsnvwe Grows

%


‘everthing you do. Although you hold yourself aloof from
sont people, you are willing bush to reach and lieten. Your
‘aually serious manner displays your focus, and you have ltthe
time for the manipulative political intrigues of the Kin-jin.
‘You have your own agenda — the cleansing of the dragon.
linc» — and everything ele max take second place wo this

vital ask
Haven: As the sues of Celestyn, Ying Lei has taken up

residence with hishost for the duration of his stay in Romania.
Secrets: Most of what Ying Lei knows can be considered

a "secret" to western Kindred, since they have litle oF m0

understanding of the mysterious Cathayan vampires.
Influence: In the west, Ying Lei has no influence excepts

‘Celeseyn's vest. In Hong Kong and other parts of Asia, how:

‘ever he is known asthe beloved apprentice ofa distinguished

master of Feng Shui and a feanome warrior in his own right.

Nature: Visionary

Pro Nature: Legalist

‘Chi Balance: Balanced

Direction: South

Dharmas Thoxsannd Whisper 7

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 5

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Dodge 4, Intimidation 4,

Leadenhip 2

Skills: Acrobatics 3, Animal Ken 1, Drive 2, Etiquette 4,

‘Martial Arts (lethal blows) 5. Meditation 3. Melee (swoud) 4.

Portents 2, Stealth 4, Survival 2

Knowledges: Enigmas 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics (Man-

ddarin, Japanese, English, Romanian) 3, Medicine 2, Occult

eng ht) 4, Politics 2, Rituals §

Disciplines: Black Wind 4, Equilibrium 5, Tapestry 4, Yin
Prana 1,Blood Shintai 3, Chi Sight 2, Feng Shui 4

Rites: Trace the Dragon's Blood: Behold the Spirits' Door

way; Imbuing the Jade; Cloak the Dragon's Passage; Rite of
Supplicarion; Harmonious Shielding of the Guarded Home
Backgrounds: Horoscope 2, jade Talisman 2, Resources 1,
Rites 4

Chi Virtues: Yin 8, Yang 8

Soul Virtwess Hun 6, Po 6

Willpower: 8

Note: The Traits for Ying Lei we of the miles for
character creation contained in Kindred of the East and
Kindred of the East Companion. Storytellers who do not
‘own these books may use the following. substitutions to
simulate the Disciplines. Black Wind 3 equals Celerty 3, but
‘may only be used in combat situations. Treat Equilibrium and
Blood Shintai as if Ying Lei pomesses the Thaumarurgical
Path of Blood 5. Chi Sight 2s roughly equivalent to Auspex
2. Yin Prana allows Ying Lei to conceal himself as if he
possessed Obfuscate 2 oF Obtencbration 1. Tapestry 4 and
Feng Shui 2 have no equivalent among Kinde! Disciplines
but allow Ying Lei to cleanse areas of inharmonious or
demonic influences.

Ying Leis Rites enable him to ee chi (Trace the Dragon's
loca); locate enery ways into the spirit world (Behold the
Spirits' Doorway); move through the spirit world with the
sistance of a piece of jade (Imbuing the Jade); and hide the
entries into the spiric world (Clouk the Dragon's Passage). The
Rite of Supplication allows Ying Lei to announce his presence
‘to any guardians of a spirit doorway before entering it. Harmo-
nious Shielding of the Guarded Home approximates the
Thaumnaturgical Ritual Deferse of the Sacred Haven.

Ying Lei's Portents Skill allows him to calculate the
kelthood of events occurring in the near future by reading
‘omens or throwing the | Ching

Instead of possessing an innet "Beast" Kuei-jin have a
Pro.or shadow nacure: Rather than succumbing minnie
frenzy, a Kuetjin who fails in a Po roll (treat as Self Control)
reverts to his Po nature and becomes a different personality,
‘usually to the detriment of his peimary Nature. In Ying Le's
cae; the Legalise seks to divert him frum his purpeme by
bbogaing him down with procedural details.

Chirepresentsaspiritualessence that roughly equatesto
Blood for vampires, Gnosis for werewolves, Quintessence for
‘mages, Glamour for changelings and Pathos for wraiths. Yin
‘Chi stands for negative energy and works best when used for
‘violent actions, while Yang Chi stands for positive energy
and works best when used for healing or purification.

Kuei-in do not pessess generation. For game purposes,
"with regard to generation-telated powers such as Dominate,
treat Ying Lei asi he were Seventh Generation.


———

—_


See how they hang, from hea
The old lst year in fae garments dresed

Baudelaire, Sois Sage © Ma Donlesr

More than a hundred years pas between the end ofthe
Victorian era, when the first of the thtee stories in The
Dragon Ascendant takes place, and the end of the millet
fnlum, when the second and thind stories occur. Unlike
pees he 20th century eshers in an
age of exponential technological progress. For humanity, the
thet, each one designed tochip away atthe hardship
cof daly lie. For varnpires, the changes offer a problematic
nix of lessens a

centuries, howe

The characters
history wi

ro bepan thet journey dares C
Dark Tides Rising have now existed for
pomibly longer. Theyhave sen the world
from the barbarinm of the Dark Ages into the

athoxand year

progres

tse of industrialtzation and the
c. In Kitulred society, they have witnessed the
revolt of the anarchs, the rise of both the Camarilla and

Sabbor, and Ukely chosen a ede tn dhe auc

stmaggle between

How then, can these venerable Kindred — the player

tn which even mote changes

characters — adjust

scem to take place every

This chapter prov
along with trateyies and gusd
elder vamnpires can

addition, Storytellers
time between the thie

things go awry

an find a few kdeas for filling in the

nerited here. Finally, incase

any of the stories, this section also giv

troubleshooting advice — such as how to deal with a melt

down in Romania ora nuclear stnke on downterwn Manhattan

Ten Decapes
OF CHANGE

logy, society, culture and science — than any other

sennuty since the dawn of the Renaissance. Pr

make life

agnculture and technolngy combine «

dis
lation to increase dramatically. By the middle of the 20th
century, more than 70 cities have populations exceedin
he pr ape

for vaenpites of borh the Camanilla and Sabbat. But hu
have done mote than we altered the
pace of medem life with thei While younger
time adapting to the rapid ch
invariably find a mote diffi

tons wrought by

ing the infant moet

the

rasp the vast transforma:

esthews kine

Srorraunc ns Grower ore Acs

9


A Centunvdr"Finsts"

Ths decade by decade countdown of historic "Yrs."
scientic discoveries and technological beaktheoughs pro-
vides Stareler, and players with a guide t he rapid:
progres of che 20ch cericury. Encyclopedias 1
cf any given period for troupes that wih to pacinate i
stories set during the century between' Acts One and Tt:
1900-1909

In the fire detade of the 20th century, scien
experiment with mdio waves to transmit human.
develop the first photoelectric cell and eneate the
ultraviolet lamp. Transporation advances with the con-
seruction ofa rlroad tunnel beneath the Hudkon river the
tral flight of the zeppelin aurship, the production of the fist
"Model T™ automobile and the Weight Benth' first c=
‘eufulfight. Fireannsmanufactutersprodce the!
revolver and the commercial production of

spuratesthe Age of Plast. Etnecein fomalates his theory of
relatviy and the ce to the poles begine

1910-1919

‘Siberian Raviroad reaches completion. In the aftermath of
the Great War, medical pesonne ideney a phenomench,
they dub "thelldhotk." Freud tis Production 19
Prochamalss, the fit baseball game takes place and Day
light Savings Time begins in the United States i
1920-1939 Se he
‘The Twenties incl the pening of
braadcating station, the development of the &
vaccine, the invention ofthe relfewinging wristwatch,
electric razor, the iron lung and liqoiditocket fuel.
6mm movie film revolutionizes the medium whife che
fur color motion picture bring a new locket the cinema.
Doctors first use insulin to treat diabetes. The fist birth
control clinic opens and researchers discover penicillin,
‘The firs transmission of the human form chrough "televi-
sion" takes place. The iret erop-dustere fy ovee Canadian
farmlands and scientists develop the frst Geiger counter.
‘The Graf Zeppelin fies around the world fe
1930-1939 5

Despitea workhwie economfe depresion the Thirties
secinilestones ch ai the discovery of the neutron, heavy
bhydogen and the Rh factor inhuman blood. Technological
advances inclade a proces forferigeration of meat eangoes,_

Bakelite ine

firs of

nO RPE otis mic

Wi depletes oF a hen eat ec pales,
Calg i & hac Carer tnbetger te
ruses radar to detect aircraft ad elicopte
the lve broadcast ofthe Hindenburg aiship disaster

‘technology advices the quality of
"The USS.R-laanches Sputnik I and it,

hi ‘establishes the National Aeronautics and

(NASA) and counters with Ex-

plore L Scientist the Van Allen radiation belcs
1960-1969" 4

As the Cold Wir exédlites and the counterculture
‘emerges from the antiwar and Civil Rights movements.
scientific breakthroughs continue. Meteorology advances
with the launch of the first weather satellite. Medical
research results in the first use of an artificial heart during
‘surgery, the first human heart transplant and the produc
tion. of synthetic DNA. The Concorde supersonic jet
tmiies it first test flight, the first astronaut orbits earth
and, the first astronauts land on the moon,

{The decade that finally wes the end ofthe Vietnam |

fi
i

War as well asthe political fiasco of Watergate also

heralds the fixe soccesfal enthesis. of a complete gene,
/nuclear-powered pacemakers find the produc-
tion in the laboratory of the buman growth hormone.
NASA launchics the Skylab missions, Pioneer 10 sends
‘back pictur from Jupiter, Mariner 10 providespictures of |
‘Venus and Mercury and a space probe lands on Mars. The
firsx manted voyage 6f the space shuttle Enterprise takes
place; sclentists test the neutron bomb and the fit text-
tube baby is born.

|

Teworwnna Grannis V


1980-1989 2
Health organizations recognise AIDS a deni

able syndrome. IBM proxies it

compuet dises become He

Millental fever sweeps the: sts 2s etna
War and creating new political problems in
Eovge A siege a Re sebiehee niy
r moving science sever steps coset to
toc adel tlie Tie iad oc tha
‘World Wide Web unites the globe in virnal space as 2
‘medium for commuihication, reearch, businestand en
tertainment. The invention of the digital camera,
<development of high-definition' (HDTV) and direct:
‘view television mark the next step in entertainment.

BRINGING THE CHARACTERS,

INTO THE 20TH CenTURY

‘Vampires who have existed for a millennium or more find
‘chard to change with the times, but chang they mat in order
toccontinue their quest for power, influence, survivalor— in the
case of the characters involved in the Transylvania Chronicles
—nowled ofthe ue sigwolGehenna. Almont every spect
of society has asumed a very diferente guise from what these
venerable Cainites once undentoad as aatemary and usial
‘Some vampires, particularly elders of the Camarilla, avoid the
necessity of dealing directly with the modem world, delegating
such chores to tusted lieutenants ot ghouled retainers. For the
Players' characters, however, who must risk themselves in the
frunuit of their goal and reap the consequences of actions
undertaken over the course of centuries, secondhand involve-
ment iso enough. They must leam t adapt
Appearances EvenvTHino

In the last century, fashions have undergone extensive
changes, from the cloche hats of the Roaring Twenties' flap:
pen tothe functional clothing of the Gent Depression tothe
tie-dyed look ofthe Sixties and the grunge, glam, punk and
gothic styles of the last two decades. While some Kindred —
particularly eklers — may noc interact extensively with the
living athens indulge in nightly coneact with selected mortal

‘ortake part in club scenes, the artistic community or backroom,
politics. In order to mingle with the kine, vampires, even elder
‘ones, must fit in with the look of the night, or a least avoid
‘unwanted scrutiny of their anachronistic appearances

Fortunately for many Cainites, modem fashions allow
fora wide variety of acceptable styles. While knight armor
certainly qualifies as outré, other period clothing might pass
as decadently retro of even notably eccentric. Nevertheless,
the art of blending in includes dressing the part, and elder
vampires must make themselves presentable to the modern
world. Since a vampire' appearance (length of hai, facial
hair, dental condition and general body type) does mot
change from the time of het Embrace, alopting the latest
fashion sometimes involves considerable effort tw recon
struct the proper "look" upon rising each evening.

For Camarilla vampires, appearing in touch with the
times isa vital function in upholding the Masquetack Sabbat
‘Vampires have less to worry about since they do not bother t0
disguise what they ate, thought nothing prevents them from
conforming to the Latest style. Then again, most Sabbat are
Embraced and die during the same decade.

Minn Oven Marten
The sum of human knowledge increases dramatically in
the hundred years between the end ofthe Victorian Age and
the last decade of the 20ch century. Advances in science
shange the way we comprelicia the univere, saoerng ok
concepts and introducing radical new theories. The avail
ability of information, in particular, marks adistint difference
‘between the modem world and the preceding centuries The
‘average penon not only knows more about the world around
her but also has the means of acquiring even relatively
‘obscure information. The advent of public libraries puts
‘many resources in the hands of anyone who can read, e-
sources that were once the purview of maenicians.

Life speeds upin the 20th century. Automobiles become
the preferred mode of transportation, replacing horseback
‘nding and the horse-drawn carriage. Computers revolution:
tee the feds of communication, business and rescarch. The
airplane makes it possible to travel vast distances in hours
rather than months, bridging the gaps between continents.

Art and culture change drastically as well. Although
<lasical music and traditional art remain popula, new forms
of art and music arise, much of italien to the eyes and ears of
chler vampires. The Toreador elder who once performed asa
{troubadour in medieval France may find i difficult to grasp
the mhythms electronica. While the troutuour may con-
tinue 10 purse his musical career in the halls of Elysium oF
among mortal aficionados of period music, hemay alsodecide
{to update his musical repertoire and hit the club scene.

‘Tue Inner Cumpe

New ways of thinking crop up in the last century ofthe
‘millennium. Freudian and post-Freudian peychology rede-
fines the concept of "sel and pigeonholes aberrant behavioe

Stoemun 4 Crowns oe Aas

fo


‘nto mumetous categories of neuroses and paychoses. Jungian

ory explores the ideas of the collective unconscious and
‘universal archetypes. The principlesot human rights give rise
to liberation movements all over the world. In addition,
sctentfic theories such as global warming, quantum physics,
superstring theory and the Big Bang undermine basic belief
stems and catapult the physical sciences into the realm of
rear mysticism, The inner workings of the mind become a
playground for scientists in the fiekds of medicine and pay
chology, creating complex arsenals of syndromes to describe
everything: that was once categorized under the simple cat-
‘opory of "madness." Pop psychology introduces the concepts
of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and attention defi
«it doordet (ADD) into the common vocabulary.

How do these modem notions affect the characters'
mindsets? Can they grasp these new concepts! Some charac-
ter, of course, can adapt, albeit with great effort. Others just
cannot wrap theit minds around ideas that contradict the
peecepes they have held for centuries. Many elder vampires
‘may sll see madness ns caused by demons rather than
chemical imbalances or childhood trauma.

Even such basic notions as the individual's relation to
society change in the 20th cennury. Elders who once believed
that a single person mattered only as much as she contributed.
to society must now take into account the fact that modeen

‘humans place personal fulfilment ahead of many other koval-
tues. This clevanion of the individual over society even affects

the seructute of vampiric existence. Some young Kindred no
longer feel the strong affinity toward their sires that vannpites
‘once did. Even the most loyal Ventrue ancillae Embraced in
the latter half of thiscentury places her own goalson an equal,
‘noe higher, footing 0 thore of ome nebulous "clan."

MATURATIONAND
ExpeRIENCE

A sytem of maturation points can be wed to handle
character development during downtime to teflect the "of
stage" peri between the stories covered in the four books of
the Transylvania Chronicles. More than a century passes
between Act Three of lll Omens and Act Oneof The Dragon,
‘Ascendant, Another century pastesbetween Act Oneand Act
‘Toro ofthis supplement. Each of these periods should provide
the characters with as many as 15 maturation points to use for
tmpeoving existing Traits o scauitine new ones.

MATURATION VS. EXPERIENCE

Manuracion points allow characters to grow in the periods
‘between stories. The represent the slow development of rela-
tively qurexent characters as opposed tothe rpid improvement
made by characters who remain in the midst of the action,
Because characters do not eam maturation points through play
‘butrecetve them as free awards for merely survivin from the end

‘of one story to the beginning ofthe next, these points accumas
late slowly. Furthermore, maturation points cannot be saved
from one period of downtime to another. Players must spend all
their maturation pomntsto increase theitcharactenTraitshefoce
they participate in the next story, Unused points are lest.
‘This means that characters who have gained 15 marura-
tion points in the period between Act Three of ll Omens and
Act One of The Dragon Ascendant must spend those points
before the wart of Act One. In the same fashion, characters
‘who acquite maturation points between Acts One and Two
‘of The Dragon Ascendant need to account for theit expen-
diture before beginning Act Two, Characters may we a
‘combination of experience and maturation points to improve
theit Traits provided they use up theit maturation points fist
since these points do not carry over.
Maturation Pot CHART 1
‘Years of Downtime Maturation Points
10100 = Lis
101-250 16.25
251-500 26-40

PASSING THE Time

Downtime, of the time that passes between stories,
‘represents intervals of relative calm for the characters. Dur-
ingdowntime, playersdonot actively roleplay theircharacters,
but time passes for them in the World of Darkness just the
same. To account for what the characters accomplish be-
‘tween the end of one story and the beginning af another, you
‘can we a number of methods.

INTERLUDES

Interludes are brief episodes in a character's unlife that
Ill the gaps between stories. Like the prelude that encom:
‘passes the mortal life of a character prior to her Embrace in
fewbroad strokes, interludes paint aseriesof pictures that link
together the time berween storie. Intetludes ean take many
torms — snapshot sessions, blue-booking, one-on-one
storytelling ot simple discussion,

Snapshot sesions allow a Storyteller to create mini-
stories with limited choices and a foregone conchusion. If the
playersagree thatthesrcharacterswanttoremainin touch with
eachother during the period froen 189610 1998, the Storyteller
can contrive two or three situations that bring the characters
together. For example, World War It might force some chae-
acters to flee Eastem Europe and take refuge with other
characters who have already migrated to Westem Europe or
‘America. The Storyteller can describe the escape for the
characters who decide to flee the Nazi onslaught, allowing the
players of those characters to elaborate on the steps taken to
secure refuge across the seas of in a neutral country. In the
‘meantime, the players whowe charactets have agreed tosbeliet
their companions have their own tasks — securing havens for

‘Tuwswnea Growcus V


the new arrivals or easing their trunsition to a new city and
Introducing the immigrant Kindred tothe appeopriate Camarily
prince (or Subbur archbishop), These events need nex become
full-fledged wories, though they might deserve such treatment
Players and Storytellers can simply get topether and talk their
way through the sugnificant scenes
Blue-hooking serves as another way for Storyteller and,

players to anapites between i
PL for hue-book ng described in
previous volumes of the Transylvania Chronicles, ot they
might wish to keep journals for their characters. This tech:
nk provides further develop

nd advances the individual stories of each character, Jout
nals allow charncters } express opinions on developing
trends of the 20th century

cep 4 recoed of what ies.

For example

June 8, 1913

Fodlang my imieuctons, Edmuont as purchased in me one
of the new "model-T™ horseles carriages vecenayiwented ry Mr.
Henry Ford. [spent most ofthis evering learning to mancuwer the
conenapaion and found it most delightful once 1 fina succeded.
Although the eck of gasline hecomes wrrewhat bother at
times, the sensation of motoring doten the roa wien exerting
mere mane than compensate forthe discret mas cnaider
whether to inwest some of my funds in Mr. Ford's company. 1

should hate to comnit myself tthe support of am endeavor that
might rut Last mame dhan a few years

ver making this journal entry for het Ventrue elder
indicates her character's willingness to accept change (and
Profit from i) and goves the S

preller a patifiable reawn for
allowing the player to acquire the Drive Skill for her charac
ter through the expenditure of maturation points

Journal entries can alio develop rel tween
characters as can the practice of communicating through let
tess j
advance the plot, an interlude might consist of
letters passed from one character to anther (umually with
Storytellers awareness of thett conte
the decades from 1900 to 1990, Lett
srowarygrelan
out of love in the intern berween Acts One and Tw
themselves increasingly estranged from their companices.

that progress through
hatrate
age betwre

Torpor AND OTHER HAZARDS

torpor tereven the rot and vecond sis of Toe Drage

‘Storytellers may decide no
the aleeped the ages per cst

characters to make the

they wish to park
il the Transylvania Chronicles
continue, they may, of coune, do ss with the Storytellers

ers to the luck of the
keep in mind the ditficulties

Srormune ne Gaon cr me Aces

103


‘Tne Genexna SyNDROMe:

‘Over the course of the Transylvania Chronicles. he!
characters have amassed a considerable amount of nowt.
‘edge concerning the signs of Gehenna. During the heat of
storytelling sessions, when che emphasis falls off quick |
thinking and quicker actions, characters haivé little time to
sit Sack en eres coe algae ST
tellers may wish tWencourage tokeep ayournal
‘of thei characters! responses 0 the Jinférmation they |
‘possess. This exercise serves two purposes. Fins. reegrting|
what they have leamed when period of real
‘ume pass between stories. Second, the' set of putting
together information and trying 6 make serse-of itn
about the meaning of the various documents, tablets and
scraps of knowledge they have collected. |)

‘By the time Acts Two and Three af The Dragon.
‘Ascendant begin, the characters might well suffer from the
Gchenna Syndiome. They have séen the fulfillment ofsix
‘of the eight signs and should realize only two signs remain,
A tort of Gehenna fervor ity engulf some ofthe chagae-
ters, Jeading them to se omens' of the Final Nights in
seemingly ordinary events, use this acute
senuitivity to their advantage, 30 that gathering the char-
acters together forthe lait two storie the Traneytoania
(Chrronicles presents few problems. Ifthe Storyteller pays
attention to her characters' speculations, she may gain
some insights that allow her to tailor the stories t0 the
Interests of the players ,

woe twee
tnvolved in taking their characters out of the loop during the
20th century, which is part of the fun of playing elders

Although charnctets in torpor apend fewer points to
develop theit Traits, some things simply cannot be leamed
‘without true hands on experience. No matter how long «
character studies the theory of maneuvering an automobile,
she cannot sequite the Drive Skill while in torpor. For the
sae reason, characters in torpor cannot purchase Computer
‘or the Secondary Ability Plot. Increasing Firearms or Secu-
‘ity evolves familiarity with new developments in weaponry
and the latest security and surveillance techniques. The
‘Storyteller should remind players who want to place their
characters in torpor ftom 1896 to 1998 that they may not be
able to spend maturation points on certain Traits, For more
information on torpot and its effects see the Storytelling
‘Chapter in Ill Omens,

‘Another factor comes into play in the 20th century —
the danger of discovery and destruction increases due to the
‘peculiar nature of the times. Characters who are i torpor
‘during World War Il may ind theie"secure" haven fallsdown
around them during the heavy bombing of Europe by both
sides. Eastern Europe, in particular, suffers massive destruc-
tion during World War Il. The Hungarian upesing in 1956

and the subsequent Soviet invasion to "restore order" results
in extensive damage to numerous cities. Woe betide the
Kindred in torpor in a house targeted for destruction. The
frapid growth of cities during the 20th century involves
widespread development of land. Construction crews teat
down old buildings and erect skyscrapers in thee place. The
‘excavation of tunnels for subways also places vampires who
have fallen into torpor in a peecatious state — especially
they happen to choose a spot marked for "urban renewal."
‘The increased activity by modem Sabbat packs that special-
tein locating and diaberiingelder vampires alto makes this
time an unsavory one for those in torpor.

All in all, the characters would serve theie interests
better by remaining ative during the interval between Acts
‘One and Two.

‘Spenpinc MATURATION PoInTs: i
‘This chart liss the pointconts needed to raise Traits |

through maturation. ;
Trait

‘New Ability

New Discipline

‘New Thaumaturgy
‘oc Necromancy Path

Autribure ‘

Clan Discipline

Cost to Raise Trai
3
10

NR = New Rating the ating the character wines wo achiewe

THe PerRILsorAGe

Many elder vampires, particularly those who have lived
for more than 500 year, like the player' characters in the
‘Transylvania Chronicles — may discover that they can no.
longer sustain themselves on the blood of mortals. The need
‘to ingest vampiric blood does not always affect elder Kindred,
butas vampiresadvance in years, the posibility of developing
aneed for Kindred blood increases.

Since the need to feed exclusively on vampiric Mood
does not come about automatically but differs from Kindred
toKindred, relying ona simple checklist ora die roll may not
provide the bev means of determining whether or not a
character has succumbed to this limitation. Storytellers may
wish to use the guidelines detailed in Elysium (ots reprint
volume, War of Ages) and elaborated on here as a way to
determine whether the characters have fale victen tothe
need for Kindred vitae.

Evenifacharactermect most ofthe critrianecesary and
both the player and Storyteller agree that the switch from
mortal wovampiric viene scemslikely, the actual change sud

Tower Gao


‘come about in the context of storytelling. Ifthe character
shows tendencies toward acquiring the nced for Kindred blood
during the course of Act One, downtime activities might
determine whether or not this change comes to pas before the
beginning of Act Two, Blue-booking sessions, one-on-one
storytelling or an interlude can help both the Storyteller and
the player determine how this change: comes abot.

‘Unless your troupe is mature enough to handle this
development, you might be beter off leaving this idea aside
‘Stories that revolve solely around whacking other vampires
and drinking their blood become stale quite quickly

Crrrerts ror Kinpren
Bioon Depenpency

‘The following list provides several indicators chat a
character may develop a dependency on Kindeed vitae. Ia
character meets only a few of these criteria she still has a
chance to avoid the need to fed fom other vampires I
however, the character manifests most (or all) of these
Insicator, she may be on the rond to full dependency,

© Diahlerisr — If the character hae committed
diableric, she has already acquited a taste for Kindred
blood. This predisposes her to developing a dependency
con it. The likelihocd increases dramatically each time she
commits diablerie

* Sire addicted to Kindred vitne —In and of ioe, this
{indicator doesnot mean that acharacter becomes dependent
‘on Kindred blood. (che character'srelatlonship wth her sire
tnclads shared feeding, however, this peedilection might
result in sch a dependency.

Humanity (or Path) of less than 3 — Since a
‘characters Humanity serves as a gauge of her empathy with
courts and wid her own mortal past, ow Humanity can
Jead roa characters dissociation from humanity to such an
‘extent that she no longer ever considers moctabs as foal

© Sire a diablerist — While not a sure sign that a
character develops a dependency on Kindred biood, if
both she and her site have committed diablerie, the
chances are that her bloodline is predisposed to depen:
dency on vampinic blood.

' Active for more than 500 years — While the
telationship between periodic torpor and the freedom from
Kindred blood dependency is unknown, the tendency t0
develop need for vampiric blood does seem to increase with
age. On the other hand, continued activity keeps Kinstred
more connected to the work! —and to their own Humanity.
Ia character has spent most of her time awake instead of
catering voluntary torpor fom time to tiene the Storyteller
should determine whether the character's actions make hit
more likely to develop dependency on Kindred vitae

© Has Derangement related to blood oe feeding — A
character who aleay rstits her intake of Hla to certain

Feepino THe UNQUueNcHaBLe THIRST

For characters who thirst for the vitae of other Cainites,
feeding no longer becomes a routine task. Instead, cach time
the character feeds, she must locate anothet vampite from
‘whom she can take hersustenance. Thismight prove increas:
ingly difficult if the character wishes to avoid the blood bond.
‘Characters who are already blood bound toa regnant do not
have this difficulty and may drink from the same vampites
over and over again. The way to avoid the blood bond,
unfortunately, lies in destroying the Kindred vessel after
feeding, either with ot without dublenzing the individual
‘Since this puts the character in the position of violating the

type of montle o certain Kind of blood may develop
‘dependency on Kinsred vitae more readily than other vam:
pies. Restrictions on feeding do not apply to vampiric vitae
so characters with selective digestion ot prey exchusions may
find it easier to feed on Kindred Mood when chest preferred
‘vee sin short supply. For some reason, this does not sem
to apply co Ventrue unless they have acquired a second
restriction in addition to their clan's feeding limitations)

(* Has created » number of childer — The relation-
ship of this indicator to the development of a Kindred
‘Hood dependency remains uncertain, but many Kindred
who now sustain themselves on vampitic blood have sited
umerove progeny,

‘Has blood bound a numberof younger vampires,
‘pecially one's own childer — Since wregnant may freely
drink of Blood from her thrall, this criterion provides a
character with ample opportunity two develop a taste for
Kindred vite and males it more likely that she develops
fall Hown dependency.

'@ At odds with one's own sire — Characters who
havea hashle or otherwise negative relationship with their
‘sites may experience an Oedipal need to drink the blood of
other vampires. Ar least, this is the theory put forth to
‘expliin the correlation between this indicator and the
evelopment of a dependency on vamp tae

(* Has almost no mortal alles —Kiraleed who isolate
themselves from mortals may eventually lowe the desire 00
feed from humans. In contrast, Kindred who maintain
‘relations with various mortals show less likelihood of devel-
oping dependency on Kindred blood.

‘Storytellers should decide whether to use these criteria
to determine if the characters are at tsk of developing
dependency on Kindred blood. Io, the next ep inves
deciding how many of the criteria # character mst icet
before she sin dangerof the depersdency. Finally, Storytellers
need to devise a method of making a final determination
about any characters who fulfill the required conditions.
Storytellers should abo fel fee 1 rule that acting a
<eperadencyon Kindred viteisa decision that aplayer— and
‘only a player — can make for her character.

Stormunc mt Geownt oi Aas


Camarilla's Sixth Tradition forbidding the destruction of
another Kindred, the problems involved may prove over-

tule lke somehow acquire a
"license to kill" from an august member of the Camarilla, The
same problem does not apply to Sabbat characters, who may
slay non-Sabbat vampires with impunity ot acquire blood
fom frequent trips to the Vaulderie chalice

Stemaano THe TIDE

‘Characters who run the risk of becoming dependent on
Kindred vitae should have the opportunity to reverse or delay
the tendency. In light of their knowledge of Gchenna, the
characters may realise that the need for vampitic blood is a
liability for them

A Storyteller can work with the player to roleplay the
characters stnaggle to avoid the dependency. This might
involve repeated expenditures of Willpower to forestall the
reed. Revenal of dependent tendencies can happen either
through roleplaving or with the expenditure of maturation or
‘experience points to increase Humanity if t has fallen low
‘enough to place the character in jeopardy.

Characters may also wish to consult Kindred experts on
‘Mood. In Act Twa, the characters have the opportunity to
request help from Eris, whose mastery of the Path of Blood
certainly qualifies him to tackle the problem of dependency
‘on Kindred vitae. This ay, in fet, fulfill the Tremere boon,
character earns by suiting Etrius in Act Two. In the same

fashion, characters who have developed a favorable relation:
ship with Sascha Vykos may request its help as well.

In any case, the determination that a character has
developed a need for Kindred vitae should involve the
farticipation of both Storyteller and player and, ideally, add
depth to the game rather than detract from the chronicle.

Fortune DATHS

"Maturation points express the slow but steady improve:
ment of characters' Traits over time regardless of whether they
are active in the woel around them. Backgrounds, however,
change doe to circumstances that are not always under the
concrol ofthe character. In the Transylvania Chronicles, the
tne of Fortune Paths reflects the unpredictable fluctuations
thar can affoct character! Rackgounds foe good or il.

The drastic changes brought about by global wars, eco:
‘nomic and social upheavals and the technological revolution
of the 20th century do not leave the characters unscathed.
Pethape more o than any other period in history, the modern
«ra sees the vicissitudes of individual fortunes. While players
«do not have to use the Fortune Paths to determine whether
theit characters' Backgrounds survive intact, doing so can,
ssi players in developing the unchronicled periods in their
characters' unlives, A suxiden shift in a character's Back-
sounds should prompt the player to construct a reason to

account for the change. Perhaps the character has dabbled in
the political arena and has formed some associations with
local officials. The pursuit of Gehenna lore might lead a
character to cultivate a friendship with a moctal historian
whose expertise in the ancient past proves consistently valu:
able. Likewise, player whose character loses her entice Herd
through an unlucky roll on the Fortune Paths chart might
seek a reason for this disaster. Perhaps the city in which she
resides suffers some natural catastrophe that claims her Herd
as vietims. The 20th century certainly has its share of wars,
earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, hurricanes, mass murders,
airplane crashes, epidemics and gang conflicts to account for
the las ofa roup of morals.

System

For every 50 years of downtime, player may choose one
Background and roll ence on the Fortune Path table for that
‘Background. Thsroll costs no experience or maturation pons
Players may elect to spend experience or maturation point to
‘pin additional Background rolls (on the same or on a diferent
Background) atthe rate of three points per additional roll. In
'nklition, playerscan gain an advantage of +1 tothe die fot every
‘skditional pont spent (up to three points per roll.

Since ahundted year passhetween the endof ll Omens
and the beginning of The Dragon Ascendant, this means
that players have the chance to roll twice, at no point cost, on
the Fortune Path table. In between Acts One and Two ofthis
‘volume, the player gain an additional two roll, giving them
ample opportunities to alter theit Buckgrounds

‘Once the player makes her rolls, she and the Storyteller
should elaborate on the meaning of the results, fleshing out
the bare bones of the table to create viable reasons for the
Background changes. Note that there ts no table for Genera-
tion, since this Background remains static unless decreased
through Diablerie, an action that should never fall under the
province of arbitrary dice roll,

‘Storytellers should also decide whether the characters
may tain Background Traits of more than 5. If the charac-
tershave acquired status through playing the various episodes
‘of the Transylvania Chronicles (or through additional sto-
ties) or if they roll exceptionally well on the Fortune Path
tables, the Storyteller may rule that Backerounds may exceed
5. Note that a character must be of the Seventh (or lower)
Generation to have Trait ratings of ix of greater.

Each Background table contains not only alist of gains
and losses resulting from rolling on the rable hur alo powsihle
reasons forthe changes.

‘The pose causes for changes in backyroun are meant only
«suggestions and include references to the century beween Act
Three of It Omens and Act One of The Dragon Ascendant 3:
swell as the cennary herween Acts One and Tuo ofthis book. Feel
{free to use your own ideas instead of the ones presented here

Tussnwn Groncus V


ALurs
1.2: Disaster. Lose
5: No change.
69: Gain one Ally
10: Gains ew Allies

Possihle Causes for Gains

* Yourmilitary expertise (gained over the centuries) has
netted you the support of a paramilitary group.

und research projects that have endeared you to

he academic 60 ty in your city

** You'vedevelopeda relationship with the crime under:

the disident community in your p

Possible Causes for Losses

A change in government causes your allies to flee the

*# You become the victim of a slander campal
alienates the artistic community that once looked to you
for support.

© You flee Germany on the eve of World War Hl: your
allies remain behind.

* Anenemy turns your friends in the media against you
Contacts

Disaster. Love one Contact,
3-4: No change
5-8: Gain one Contact.
9.10 Gain rwo Contacts

Possible Causes for Gains

© You gain the ear of an advisor in the Romanoy court
of Russia

** Anofficer in the Prussian Army owes youa big favor.

© The president of an international banking concem
becomes enamouted of you.

© A leak in the government spills his intelligence to

Possible Causes for Losses

® Your contact dies aboard the Titanic, Hindenburg,
Lusitania, Andrea Doris or some other doomed vessel

* The Soviet gulag system swallows up your contact
among the Rus a

© Ancnemy subverts one of your contacts, claiming het
for humealf

The conquest of Eastern Europe by the Nazis forces

your contact underground, You lose track of him,

Herp
1-2: Disaster, Lose one point of Herd.
3-4: No change.

7: Gain one

8.10: Gain ewo po


Possible Causes for Gains

* You become the head ofa religious cule and regularly
feed on your followers.

* You acquite control of a small village or housing
development, incluxing the ute of its residents.

* You rerform charitable acts for the city's impover-
shod; you feed them, they feed you.

* As thesilent partner in an asylum, youenjoy the fruits
of your investments

Possible Causes for Loases

* Most of your regularsourcesfor vitae perish during the
bombing of London.

Your herd gets caught up in the mass exterminations
of Wonk War HL

A senallpox epidemic wipes out most of your herd.

*# An earthquake destroys the village where your herd
dwells claiming several of your vessels as casualties.
Inrtuence
1.2: Disaster. Love one point of Influence.
34: No change
Seb: Gain ome point of lsluence.
7-8 Gain two points of Influence.
9-10: Gain an additional sphere of Influence.

Possible Causes for Gains

* You gain control of an important functionary in one
‘of the courts of 19th century Europe.

* You own the majority of stock (as well as a few
stockholders) in a global industry.

* Your patronage of « popular film director has devel
‘oped your tiesto the entertainment business.

* Your backing of a successful politician gamers you
‘considerable influence in the government.

Possible Causes for Losses

© Your influence in media collapses during the
McCarthy investigations.

+ A coup d'état ends your association with a
European government,

* A Toreador rival uiupa your control aver the fashion
industry.

** You lose your influence in the Church when the Society
of Leopold cersures your pet caninal fo unholy astociations.
Mentor
1-2: Dowwter: Lane your Mentor
3-5: No change.

(69; Gain one point in Mentor. (Either your current Mentor
increases her power or else you acquire a new Mentor in
axddinon to, of instead of, your old one.)

10: Gain two points in Mentor (as above).

Possible Causes for Gains

* Your Mentor rises in the ranks of the Camarilla or
Sabbat to a position of great power.

Through your past actions, you gain the favorable
attention of an undead luminary such as the Sabbat Noddist
Sascha Vvkos or the Camarilla warlord Karsh.

* You accept the position of archon and your justicar
‘now acts as both Mentor and commander.

* One of the Inconnu — ot pethaps an even older
presence — guides your actions.

Possible Causes for Losses

* Your Mentor's actions gain her a place of infamy on,
the Camarill's Red List and you disassociate yourself with
thes in onder to oeaye similar Censure.

* Your Mentor disappears in the confusion and mass
destruction of World War Il. You have had no communica
tion from him since then,

* A Sabbat pack locates and diabletizes your Mentor

* Your Mentor falls into torpor

Resources
1: Total Diwweer: Lose all but one point of Resources
2.3: Disaster: Lose one point of Resources,
4-6: No change
7-8 Gain one point of Resources.
9-10: Gain two points of Resources.
Possible Causes for Gains
* You get inon the ground floor ofthe telecommunica-
tions industry.
* You invest in the transcontinental railtoad.
* You know how to play the stock market, buying and
selling at jst the right times.
You uma a professional spore text.
Possible Causes for Losses
© The stock market crash of 1929 wipes out most of your
finances.
* You invest heavily in the wrong area, such as Beta
videocassettes, eight-rack tapes of zeppelin airships
* You assumed the tobacco industry would never fold.
* You loaned the Confederate States of America a
siseable sum. Now it's uncollectable,
Retaiwens
1-2: Total Dussster: Lose all your Retainers (up to five),
3-4; Disaster: Lose one Retainer.
5-6: No change.
7-8: Gain one Retainer
9: Gain two Retainers or one specialized human ghoul. Roll,
conce on the Specialized Ghoul Chart (see below).
10:Gain two special Retainers such asa Lupine bodyguard ot
«Fae historian. Alternately, you may choose two specialized
human ghouls by tolling twice on the Specialised Ghoul

Tse Grows


(Chart below. You may alo choose one special Retainer and
‘one specialized human ghoul.

Pousible Causes for Gains

* You find among your Herd a promising individual and
shoul her to your service,

© A Kindred repays hon by gifting you with one of
his servants

* You Dominate a retired prise fighter and promote hien
to the pention of bodyguard.

* You rescue a mortal from the clutches ofthe Sabbut
and she offers you her services in repayment.

Ponsible Causes for Losses

* A roving Sabbat pick murders one of your servants.

© Inanckcipation ofa move to America, you sendione of your
hou aad of you to prepare the way — abound the Tian.

© Aformerly trusted servant betrays yous you destroy him

A greedy prince demands you surrender one of your
shouls to his service,

Specialized Ghoul Chart

Roll a 10-sided die for each specialized human ghoul
‘ined theough allan the Fortune Path table for Retainers
All Merits listed under "applicable Traits" are optional.

1 Chauffeur/Crack Drivers This individual has raced
fon the Grand Prix of NASCAR circuits, worked as a test
deiver fora major automobile company oe doe stunt driving
for films. Now she works for you, ferrying you about from
place to place in style and safety. If you never acquired the
Drive Skil, chis ghoul provides a necessary service for you

Applicable Traits: Dexterity 3¢,Drive4, Daredevil Merie

2 Computer Expert: Skilled in the latest hardware and
software technology, systems design, programming. network-
fing, online and Web capabilities, this ghoul functions 1s a
‘comperent hacker as well Youdon'teven need to bearn how
to point and click,

Applicable Traits: Intelligence 3+, Computer 4, Ele
detic Memory Merit

3 Legal Consultant: This ghoul has al the legal sills
necessary to handle those necessary fmctions in the mortal
world including real estate transactions, serial wills (so that
Yyoucan inherit" from yourself) and passport applications. In
the event that you need to exploit a tax loopbole or destroy
a rival or powerful mortal through the legal system, your
shouled legal consultant takes care of the details

Traits: Intelligence 3+, Law 4, Eidetic
<3

4 Pilot: Able tofly anything from atworseatertoaprivate
Jet this ghoul frees you from the whims of commercial aitlines

Applicable Traits: Wits 34, Pilot 4 (Secomdary Skil}
Lucky Merit

5 Private Investigator: You pain the services of willed
detective who can make we ofa network ofinforrcts as well
ss her own intuitive faculties. This enables you to conduct

inquiries into the affairs of other Kindred ot ferret out useful
information for expanding your mortal power base.

Applicable Traits: Perception 3+, Investigation 3+,
Common Sense Merit

6 Research Assistant: You pain the servicesof ascholar
with access to research facilites 1s well asthe knee of
hhow to research almost any conceivable topic

Applicable Traits: Intelligence 3+, Academics 4, Can.
centration Merit

7 Security Specialists This ghoul pomesscs numerous
security sills as well asa fair amount of knowledge reganding
weapons, explosives surveillance devices and alaem systems
Perhaps a former member of a military special op team ot a
demolitions expert. your security specialist cay sccure your
haven and your person against most intrusions or attacks

Applicable Traits: Dexterity 3+, Security 4, Acute
‘Sense Merit

8 Stockbroker/Banker: Youhave acquited a ghoul with
cextraondinary financial acumen. This individual handles
your financial investments, buying and selling on the stock
imatket as well as keeping abveast of the latest information
‘eyarding furures, mutual funds, oprionsand other eccentnc-
tes of the stocks and bonds trade.

Applicable Traits: Intelligence 3¢, Finance 4, Oracular
Ability Merit

9 Translator: This ghoul has a gift for languages and
speaks several modem and obscure ones. Dialects and te:
stional variants of foreign languages come easily to het, thus
facilitating your travels to lands where you have no know!-
‘ge ofthe local tongue

Applicable Traits: Intelligence 3+, Linguistics 4, Natu
ta Linguist Merit

10 Choose any of the above ot create your own
specialized ghoul

Fame ann Status

Because the Fame and Status Background unply active
‘contact with mortal or Kindred society, these Backgrounds |
have not been included in the Fortune Path categories
Storytellers can desig thet own tables if they wish to leave
‘changes in these Backgrounds to the vagaries of a die roll,
‘Storytelling provides a better means of altering bame and.
‘Stans. Blue-booking sessions of one-on-one interludes:
resent players and Storytellers with a more realistic way to
chang a character's Fame of Status, particulary if charac
ters wish to advance themselves in Kindred circles, either
through acquiring a peincedom or ele hokling some impo:
tant positon within the Camarilla or Sabbat

A PretHoRAcr Cuaracten Sucers

1K players have not already switched their characters
from the rules governing Vampire: The Dark Ages 10
Vampire: The Masquerade, they need to do 5 before
Ieginning the stories in The Dragon Ascendant. The

‘Srormuunc me Garona oF we Acs


character sheet contained in the revised edition of Vampire:
The Masquerade provides a good template. Another possi-
tality, for players who enjoy keeping extensive notes on
various aspects of their characters, is the 4-page character
sheet available in the Vampire Storytellers Companion or
100 the White Wolf Web site (herp /fwwew.white-wolf com).

You and your players should work together on making
swtntitutions for old skills such as Ride, Herbalism and
Hearth Wisdom. Whether you decide to allow players to
‘convert points spent on obsolete Abilities on a one-for-one
bhasis or else nade that new skills (such as Drive) may take the
place of old skills (ouch as Ride) ata one- or ewo-dot penalty
is your prerogative as Storyteller

You may wish to allow players who want to rerain
‘outdated bur possibly useful skillssuch as Herbalism or Crafts
to keep them as Secondary Skill

STORYTELLING THE
201TH CENTURY

Unles the characters want to go into Acts Two and
Three without any 20th-centuty aptitudes, they should prob-
ably avoid falling into torpor (regardless of how cont effective
torpor isin termsof purchasing Traits). Asmentioned earlier,
a character in torpor may not lear to drive acar, ya plane
(oF use a computer!

os section provides some Mea for Storytellers whove
players not only elect to have their characters remain awake
and active during the interval between Acts One and Two of
‘The Dragon Ascendant but abo wish tocontinue taking part
\nvstories to pass the time in between. Naturally, ifthis isthe
‘se, characters eam standard experience points instead of
imanuration punts. though Storytellers may sill wish tune of
the Fortune Paths to arbitrate Background fluctuations that
rnight not come up in the course of theie stories.

(Once you have decided to entertain your players with a
century' worth of stories, how do you get them through mont
‘ofthe 20th century without them making sygificant progress
‘om their research into Gehenna? The story hooks presented
here not only provide Storytellers wth ideas for occupying
the character' nights between the end of Act One and the
startof Act Two but also set upa series of impediments tothe
character' search forthe truth of the Gehena prophecies.

War ann Deace

‘World Wars | and Il engender conflict on a scale here
tofore unknown in human history. In addition wo the
dlificulties Kindred face traveling through war-ravaged Eu-
ope. most of theit sources of information have kkely yore
underground (literally or figuratively) o are in the process of
being bombed out of existence. Nevertheless, the war years

provide ample opportunity for you to involve the characters
inotherschemes Avthe Allied armica bathe doe Axis acto

Europe, Kindred find themselves caught up in the strugzle for
survival, Some vampires attempt to continue their influence
‘over mortal affairs, only to discover that humans have their
‘own sources of power that do not always bend to Kindred
whim. Several story possibilities arise from the confusion and
turmoil of both wars

ToEnp Att Wars: Wontp Wand

The First Workl War introluces the concere of mecha
nized warfare on scale never before een inthe modem work.
‘The tench ako the Magan Line become sites fora ikeoun
war atition. Behind the scenes, industialistsand armaments
‘manufacturers reap the benefit of the camage. Many European
Kindred, in particular see the sustained period of hostilities asa
‘hance expand thei bees of power and inluence

* Over the Top — Relying on the Ventrue tradition of
sranting hospitality to another member ofthe clan, Ventrve
acquaintance of the characters secks to make his way from
Easter European to France, where a fellow clan member has
promised him hospitality. Unwilling to make the journey
alone, the traveler requests the company of the characterson
the arduous trek. This provides an opportunity for you to
‘expose the characters to the biter fealty ofthe war in the
trenches, including the ravages of mustard gas (which doesn't
affect non-breathing individuals) on the unlucky soldiers
‘Whether they find hospitality at the joumey's end depends
‘on how wel their host has weathered the war.

* Changing of the Guard — The Bolshevik Revolution
{in 1917 throws Russia into turmoils-The supporters of the
‘carist government — both Kindred and mortal — suddenly
find themselves on the wrong side ofa firing squad. Rumors
that Rasputin possesses a book or item that can add to the
characters' growing collection of ancient lore might cause
them torisk traveling to Moscow or St Petersburgin the heat
cof the uprising. Brujah characters may hear of their clan's
involvement in the revolution and wish to witness it ot
participate a close quarters.

Broon ann Tears: Wortn War It
‘World War Il bestows the legacies of nuclear annihilation
‘and genocide on furure generations. The mas bombing of
‘enemy cites by both sides nullifies the concept of noncomba-
‘anes, claiming millions of civilian lives —and many Kindred
‘unlives aswell. Some European Kindred, sensing the destruc
tion that lies ahead, attempt to flee Europe: some succeed,
‘while others remain behind, seeking shelter in a workd where
safety has no meaning. German and Austrian Kindred, i
particular, either withdraw fom the madness that sweeps over
their fatherland of, like many of the kine, become caught up in
the fanaticism of the Nazi Kleology. The Tremere we the
German conquest of Eater Europe as 2 camoullage for
inwensifying their ot vendetta against the Trimisce.
Missing in Action — Lucita contacts the characters
and beseeches them to help her search for Anatole, who has
fone missing "somewhere in Romania." Se feats be fas

Twwsnvana Gaon V


taken up traveling with some Gypsies in search of more
‘visions. I the characters decide to help Lucita hase on their
long association with her and Anatole, they face the Nast
‘eccupation of Romania and the round-up of Romanian
Rroma first-hand. They may make alliances with partisans,
Join the resistance or simply try to keep their heat dons ax
they search for the mad prophet

© The Priceof Beauty — The Nass oot the countries they
‘occupy, stealing prcelew at for their private collections Clever
characters may try 10 get the jump on the Nici, qening
‘uintings and other valuable obyectsaway under the nines ofthe
‘occupying. armies. Their mision may even take them into the
heart of Germany, in an attempt to steal back some of these
resus. This rype of srry may involve the characters with
German Ventrve and Tremere who might either work with the
Nazis or secretly ass the beleaguered enemies of Hite.

¢ Here's Looking at You — Remember Cause! The
desert war ix Northern Africa and the Mule Ems provides a
chance for characters to intersct with Assamites, Bruja and
‘Setites inva more exotic setting than the Europe they ate sed to
"The lure of Methuselahs sleeping beneath the sans or ex
sconced in ancient Eayptian ruins may appeal to Sabbae
characters, while Camarilla Kindred may finthemselvescaught
"up in wartime intrigue in the streets of Tobe. Survival in the
desert may prove a unique challerye forthe Kindred of Europe

Tue Potmics oF FRustRATION

After WWI, the Cold War discourages fice travel and
secess to necessary information. This peril becomes a age of
frustration for the characters. Those who remain in Romani
‘experience the repressive Coenmunist eyimes of Georghix-Dj
and Ceaycescu. Salat hardship atest characters inter pars
of Eastem Europe. Lack of communication wit colleagues a
the Weet and restrictions on travel my reat i the character
separation from the rest of Kindred society for mut ofthe 20¢h
‘century The fall of the Soviet Union promises an end to the
isolation — but the awakening of Bost Yay ane er wysical
power ower her former homeland intervene

From 1990 until her demise near the end ofthe century,
Baba Yaga prevents fre passe into the countries behind the
"Shadow Curtain" until her Final Death brings down the
barvicr. Only ithe lat yoan of the mallenmam can the
characters finally gain access to the places and people they
need tocompletetheit desperate —and growing moresoby the
night — search. By then, however, time has neatly run out

* Road ro Nowhere — For characters who eave Eastern
Europe for other parts of the wor, the search for chics tothe
remaining signs of Gehenna continues. Storytellers may take
the opportunity to ad theie own embellshments to the infoe-
marion already gained by the charictes i eater stots f the
Transylvania Chronicles, such as commentaries. xm othe
signe of even alleged document refuting the informatica the
characters possess. Altematively, the character may earns
mow of Noxklstscholarsin Egypcor South Ameria ate seckout

Stoemnune 1 Gaowcu oF Aczs


these individuals in hopes of mew insights. In mast ses, such
searches prove fruitles — or ele offer evidence that someone
(pomibly under the influence of the Ancients themselves)
axtively seeks to interfere with the character' undertakings.

* Repossessing the Homeland — If characters flee
Romania dure World War I, they may attempe te tetuen
aver the wat vo reclaim thei old territories Storytellers should
‘emphasize the dificulties encountered by characters secking
‘conventional meansof ravel, including the necesityof Doeni-
rating cantons officials and the ridky nature of trangpewming
themselvesas"cango." Once they arrive in theitformethavens,
characters may discover that, in their absence, other Kindred
have lid claim to their domains. Former princes, in particular,
sma find that their cities have come under the sary of young
‘Trimisce Sabbat of have fallen into the hands of rivals who
weathered the storms of war: Reestablishing old contacts may
abt present problems. Mortal allies or contacts may have died:
during the war ot faced forced relocation. Kinde accpisinean
‘ces may have met Final Death of ee gone into hiding.

* Trust No One — Over the centuries oftheir unlives,
the characters have amassed both friends und enemies in high
places. Unless the characters have been quiet about theie
discoveries, their reputationsas Noxkist, Gehenna fanatics or
‘medllers eam them the enmity of those whone intrest lie i
Fpreserving the idea that Gehenna isa myth. Characters may
findthemselves targeted by Ascamiteamasans, Ravnce thieves,
Tremere or Tsimisce rivals, Ventruc and Toreador diplomats
‘of any number of potential factions. Don't fonget that the
agents of the sleeping Antediluvians are out there as well,
suppeessing information that might lead to the premature
discovery of the true plans of the Ancients. Storytellers may
‘choose to have the characters hunted by members of the
‘nascent Imbued, the Inquisition, the World Health Organiza-
tion or the Romanian sectet police directed by rival Kindred.
[characters have achieved postions of power in their chosen
sects, they may find themselves besieged by vals who wish to
docredt them, either for personal reasons or because they are
acting under order from above. A story that involves un
known punvers can make the characters realize just how
recarioustheir postions ate as harbingers ofthe Final Nights.

Tre Mopern ERA

The fast decade hus seen a radical transformation of
human society. The traditional values of hard work, virtue,
cthical behavior and religious spirituality give way to blatant
opportunum, situational ethics and personal fulfillment. The
world becomes global village linked by computers, super-
seni jets and electronic investing. At the same time, the
deterioration of the envitonment, rampant violence and:
overpopulation contribute to a growing pessimism and an
overwhelming feeling thatthe end of the world ts at hand.

Kindred who pulled the strings of work leaders now find
themselves at a loss to explain how the kine managed to
<reate such m predicament for themaclves. Ekdet wannpites

‘bemoan the dumbing down of culture and the loss of "eivili-
sation" (as they remember it). Young Kindred revel in the
changes and the lack of order. No rules, no fear, no limits

ELeventH Hour MApNess

Ever since the publication of Bram Stokes Dracula,
‘vampites have captured the imagination of the media. For-
trayed as sinister, brooding and dangerously romantic,
‘vampires become the subject of novel films an fashion. OF
coue, none believes that vampires really exist — and that
ts exactly what the Kindred have in mind.

In some ways, however, the plan works too well. The
Anterestin New Age spiritualism, coupled with the increasing
mystfication of physics sparks new wave of belie i the
existence of the supematural. Angelic visitations, evkdence
of past livesand rumors of"aliens among us" result inacurious
backlash of belief Now the Masquerade grows flimsy in many
quarter as humans once more espouse the possiblity that
Creatures such as vampires, werewolves and ghosts might
exist As the third millennium dawns, people look for proof
that something exists beyond the dying, material work!

Inthe cities of the Camanilla, Kindred attempe to repair
the damage to their Masquerade, while in Sabbar strong
holds, vampires take advantage of mortal gulliblty

* Voices in the Wilderness — For the characters, the
fragile state of affaisthat exist inthe late 20th century seems
like another signpost on the road toGehenn Asthe Masquct-
sae shows signs of wear and tea, the sense of ungency OWS to
‘warn the Kindred thac thei nights aré numbered. The charac
ters may decide to alert powerful vampires in either the
Camarilla or Sabbat to the te signs of the Final Nights
{asuming they have not dane so already). They may seck an
audience with justican, pest or other high-ranking Kindred
i order to gain suppor. The meetin ofthe Inner Council of
the Camanilla in 1998 provides an opportunity fo the charac:
‘ters, if they manage to pull the right strings and acquire an
invitation to that select gathering, 10 bring their findings
before the powen-that-be. OF coune, these elders may not
want to hea what the characters have to say, ot having heard
ie may attempt suppres the information. Storytellers may up
the unte with regard to the final wo stores of The Dragon
‘Ascendant by placing the characters in an unen viable position
of censure from above. Even the Sablut, which claims toexit
toprepurefor Gebenna, may not believe the characterst may
think that their knowledge consists of carefully constricted
‘misinformation meant to mislead the armies ofthe Sabkue.

* The Public Eye — Millennial fever among the kine
‘may infect the characters in the last decade of the 20¢h
‘century, Particularly devious Kindred rivals may pur tabloid
reporters end-of-the-workd cultists and vampire worshippers
‘onthe tail ofthe charactersinan attempt to harass or expose
them. Characters may find themselves called to account for
‘endangering the Masquerade by attracting excessive atten
tion from mortals. While stories of thi nature may contain
elements of dark humor as characters strive to disuade

Tessas Grows V

in


acolytes hungry forthe taste of immortality or fend off the
popararai (a particular problem for Lasombra), such stories
also emphasize the dangers of public exposure in the World
of Darkness. The characters may experience unpleasant
recollections of torch-wielding peasants and black-tobed
priests.as they dodge the rablotd reporters. Ofcourse, wo can
play at the whistle-blowing game, and characters may seek to

use the sme tactics on their enemies.

Games Kinpnep Lay

Apacs fom (or beeaise of) theie involvement in de
‘Transylvania Chronicles, the charactershave ment likely made
theirmarksinKindredsociety. Whether ascionscfthe Camilla
‘or as pillars ofthe Sablut, they have encountered movers and
shakers of vampiric wolfe and probably oumber aman Une
who affect the coune of Kindred aff. Asa tempornry depar-
‘ure fromthe Transylvania Chronicles, Strytellerscan involve
cdr characters in some ofthe nightly affsiesof Kindred politics.
Not crerything che characters do acab w pertain 0 dheit
‘ongoing quest. They have unlives as well.

‘ Princes and Paupers— Asthe result oftheir actions in
the three previous books, characters may have become princes
‘of some of the cities of Transylvania (now Romania). The
nightly activities of the Kindred in their domains can spark
stories of treachery, the settling of disputes, the siting ofchikler
‘or other similar pursuits. If characters decide to abandon theit
princedoms during World War i, seeking safery actoss the
‘ocean, how do these erstwhile princes cope with theit new
status as immigrants in America! Can they rely on the largess
‘of clanmates or do they find thete former satus lability to
American Kindred who may consider them rivals?

* Night Moves, Sabbut Style — Characters belonging to
the Sablt (and, in all likelihood, most Tsimisce and Lasombea
characters join the mass defection of their clans) have the upper
hand in Romania and Easter Europe for most ofthe early 20th
century. If they remain in their homeland during the Nazi and
‘Communist occupations, they may have to exercise extreme
‘caution in order to survive or else attempt to recruit hurnan
agents from among the mortals in power. Ii, however, they hee
Europe and seck sanctuary in the Americas, they can involve
themselves inthe Subbur's nightly stragdeto soli their hold
‘over the eastern United States, Mexico and parts of Cananla.

* Both Sides Now — Ifthe characters have divided theit
loyaltiesberween the Camarilsand the Sabbat oifthey include
some independent Kindred, i soles era provides grand
‘opportunities for storytelling. The shared experiences of the
characters may transcend sectarian differences, bringing them
{oto conflict with othersin their particular sect. They may need
to practice circumapection in order to keep in touch with each,
‘other if they become separated over the course of the century.
Afterall, the leaders of the Camarilla and the Sabbat might
question why the characters have friends on the other side.
Independent characters may serve as go-betweens for theit
‘Camarils and Sabbat colleagues. The recent secesion of Clan
‘Gangrelffoen the Camarila may force Gangrel characters to

choowe between any clan loyalties they have ana their allegiance
to the Camanlla. Tremere characters already juggle clan ties
with alliances ourside the pyramid. The possibility that some of
their long-time associates may have joined the Sabbat or left the
(Camanila altogether puts the Warlocks in a precarious during
‘Acts Two and Theee of The Dragon Ascendant.

TROUBLESHOOTING

While the three stories that make up The
‘Ascendant attempe to ackress potential problems within the
context of each story, sometimes things workout dferenthy
than what'sbeen printed: {something sn'tradicaly different
from the books, you may have cause for worry... What docs
4 Storyteller do ifthe players make so many unanticipated
decisions for their characters or tackle problems in wich
‘unpredictable ways thac they run the rskof gnocing the ery
entirely? That's where thi section comes in.

‘The supgestions provided for each story cannot possibly
cover everything that can go astray, but they should give
Storytellers a fee forhow toaccommoaate forthe characters
unexpected actions.

Act One: A Massive BETRAYAL

Recovering the Incunabuluam Kupalam and keeping tout
‘of Dracula's (or anybody else's) hands is the soul of Act One.
While the nonlinear nature of the story allows characters
{great amount of leeway in pursuing their objective italbo may
lead to a certain amount of floundering by the characters

CLueLessin Vienna
he characters don'¢ seem inclined to talk tony ofthe
necessary sources of information or ifthey don't ask the right
questions of the Vienna Kindred, the Storyteller might have
‘to bring thre informarion to the characters in less subtle ways.
The characters present an unknown (or novel) element in
Vienna's Kindred society. An underling of » prominent
Viennese Kindred may want to impress these new and pens
‘by importans vampires with wha they know. By lrting sip
few tidbits of information in hopes of gaining some know!
cage of why the characters are in town, these less important
vampires might actually provide the characters with what
they need to know to push them in the right direction.

TooLrrie, Too Late

Even if they follow up on the hints given by Radu or
Nova Arpad. the characters may proceed so slowly that the
Storyteller decides that one of the other factions has had
ample time to locate and retrieve the tome. In this case, the
characters arrive on the scene in the aftermath ofthe conflict
at St, Stephen's and have the chance to chase down which
ever faction succeeded in grabbing the hook. This could take
the story indifferent direction, but 30 lonyas the characters
eventually acquire the book, they can gamer some sense of
satisfaction. Of course. they may alienate some groups of

Sromuunc mt Grown oF oe Acs


Kindred in ways that have repercussions throughout the next
century, Isn't that what Vampire is all about!

CONFLAGRATION IN VIENNA

If the character start fre at St. Stephen's in the hope
of smoking out the guardians of the Incimabubuom Kupalam,
they run the risk of destroying what they hoped acquire.
‘Should this happen, the Storyteller may decide that a second
copy of the manuscripe exits. This manuscript falls into the
handsof whichever faction the Storyteller deems most app
priate (or problemacic). tater story volving the recovery
of that copy might take place between Acts One and Two.
Imagine the characters following up a rumor that the book
‘has found its way to the Tremere chantry in Dresden on th
eve ofthe bombang ofthat city, Eventually, the character
may succeed in catching up with the book, but the time
needed to digest its contents might be in short spp

Acr Two: Sinsor THe FATHERS

While some potential problems are hand within the
tory itself, a few problems may arise that require special solu
tions, This act does not have quite #s much rom for departure
from the main piot asthe previous one, but afew things can stil
throw a wrench into the bet-haid plans of the Storyteller

Diantenieon THe Roan To Mexico

As stated in Act Two, if any character makes the gros
mistake of diablerising Eris (uwurniny that the character can
throw off the protective ritual), Tremeve simply takes over the
unfortunate character. The Storyteller ned not form any of
the other character. Instead, the Storyteller should take the
playerasid (on the pretext ofrunningapewate scene descnberyg
the effects of the diaberie) and inform her that ber characte s
now completely under Tremere's contol. Because it i in
Tremere''s interest to conceal his presence from the other
characters, however, the Storyteller can infoeen the player that
she may continue to play her character as usual bu that she
cannot tell her companions that she tno longer hen" the
charncters akundon the journey t Mexico itt the event of
Enrius's death, Tremere wes his new vesel to ensue that the
charactersdeliver hin tobisdestination. Kibet fis, Tremere
may be force to show his hand and cornpel the character ©
‘continue on to Mexico. Once he has arrived and ha accom:
‘shed hs transfer to Goeaerix body he releaseshisconenolowet
the character. He may not bother to take revenge immediately
‘on the character for dablersing his faithful servant Exris since
he has more important things to do. He does have a lone
memory, however, and evennuly the character learns that it's
no nice to toy with the Tremere Antediluvian.

FatLuneto Fv Ernius's Notes

Ifthe characters do not steal Etrius's notes they miss cut
‘on discovering what is going on at the heart of thei journey to
Mexico. In addition, they fait find confirmation of what they

might already suspected from catlier information — that
‘Saulot survived his diablerie by Tremere. Its possible, though

Towson Gaoncus

4


less satisfying, for the characters to go through Act Two
without what Tremere intends. Storytellers may
‘wish, however, to have the character lear what they have
helped accomplish after the fact — pethaps from an OG
cated eyewitness to the destruction ofthe Tremere antonbu or
ce from a gul-sticken Etrius. At some point, partiulatly if
Exrius believes that he may not survive the journey, he may
‘entnat his notes to one of the characters, possibly a fellow
‘Tremere. This situation practically begs exploitation by the
characters, and Storytellers may have the new guardian of
Enras'notes make Willpower checks (dificult of, oh, le'ssay
9) in onder to resist taking peck atthe contents.

SAVING THE TREMERE ANTITAIBU

If, by some means, the characters manage 10 prevent
‘Tremere from destroying the Tremere anime or if they
contrive tosave even a few Sabbat Tremere from destruction,
the Storyteller should realize that her World of Darkness has
diverged from the canon. That's all Storytellers cas make
appropriate adjustments for subsequent stories based on fu
ture supplements.

Keep in mind, however, that unless the characterssome-
‘how kill Tremere himself, he Anediiuvian findssome other
way to accomplish the destruction of Goratrix's brood. His
hatred for his disloyal protégé knows no bounds and he
‘cannot rest until the Tremere antiibu are history. That may
jut have vo wait for another time und place.

Act Tree: ENp OFTHE AGE

‘This story contains the greatest potential for seriously
altering the World of Darkness. Storytellers need to stay on
top of the situation involving the nuclear reactor and the
studed misile in onder to avoid drastic consequences. Things
‘ean, however, go wrong.

-<Hailure to Prevent the Meltdown

If the character do not interfere atthe nuclear power
plant, a melidown occurs similar to the one in Chernobyl
This has serious for most of Eastern Europe as
well as for the lands watered by the now-toxic Danube.
‘Storytellersmay want to set up afail-safe in the event that the
characters can't avert the meltdown. An equipment mal-
function might work in the characters' favor, halting the
‘exposure of the rods before the situation becomes critical,

the Storyteller decides tallow the characters actions
(orinaction) to stand, then she needs to do some research on
the effectsof nuclear meltdown. Since the characters may not
survive this scenario, they are probably be unable to prevent
the missile launch either.

MissitesAway

{che charactersallow the launch ofthe misile aimed at
Manhattan, they still hve several opportunities tosave New
York. Since it takes time for the missile to travel halfway
around the world, the characters may act quickly and alert
sauthorities at either end of the trajectory. Notifying the

proposition. Of course, since the misile has remained idle for
any years, it may not function properly. The prospect of a
search through downtown Manhattan for a malfunctioning
‘nuke might provide some macabre amusement for your troupe.

fro actempe to stop the missile succeeds, then a nuclear
‘explosion engulfs Manhattan. wiping out all or most of the
‘ity and making a good portion ofthe eastern United Seates
thot sone forthe foreseeable furure, While some Storytellers
muy feel capable of continuing their chronicle in a World of
Darkness on the verze of nuclear winter. this snot a recom
mended finale for the Transylvania Chronicles.

ExMacuina
Storytellers may give players a second chance by allow:
‘ng this catastrophic failure to take plice within a shared.
dream sequence. Certainly, some powerful Kindred have the
ability to end dreams to the characters warning them of what
might befall them. Although this technique seems forced ot
deprives the characters thett of right to fai, it has several
advantages. First, it prevents too drastic a divergence in the
Storyteller's World of Darkness. Second, a realistic deeam
sent by an anonymous Kindred (perhaps even one of the
Antedtluvians) can emphasize the incredible power that
truly ancient vampires command and make the characters
wonder who has taken such an interest in thei affairs

On THe Eve or GeHENNA

‘The Dragon Ascendant enids the Transylvania
‘Chronicles. This does not necessarily mean the end of the
chronicle, however. The characters now know that the signs
‘of Gchenna have all come to pass and that the Final Nights
are at hand. What they do with this information can have
‘major repercussions forthe Camarilla, independent Kindred
and the Sabbat. The knowledge that the characters possess
may provide a rallying point for the sects or further divide
them into staunch unbelievers and fanatic doomsayers

Future supplements may deal with the prophesied awak
ening of the ancient vampires and the final strugsle for
Kindred survival. Of coune, you can always make your own
decisions as to what form Geherna takes in your World of
Darkness. And then there isthe matter of Kupala.

‘With a demon on the loose in Eastern Europe, the stage
is set for interesting times. The characters whone actions
resulted in the dismantling of the yeomantic web may foe!
obligated to find some way to rebind the demon. They have
«number of potential allies to call upon — notably Etrius
sand, possibly, Tremere himself. A certain count might also
Join in the search for Romania's native demor.

‘Although the Transylvania Chronicles have come to
an end. the posibilities for storvtelling ate only beginning.
Enjoy them.

Stormuncne Gaon orn Aas



Whateveraan be done, willbe dane. If not by incumbents, i will
Stopping thems és moe a
Andy Grove. Intel sex founder and chairman, in conversation

be done by emerging players

Behind the scenes of the Transylvania Chronicles, the
panorama of hutnan history unfolds. Cainites have rewritten

this history many tisnes, always placing themselves at the

center, but despite the efforts of even the most powerful
Methuselahs, humans still assert control over their own world.

Cainite history is listed in italicized print and marked
with reo doe (##),

#1278 Rudolf [V (later Rudolf I of the Holy Roman
) defeats Otrokar Ul, Duke of Austria. The Habsburgs

control of Austria until 1918

* 1362: The Battle of Korovo. On the Fiekd of Blackbirds
(enews Polje), Turkish reaps drive hack European defeeders
Constantinople finally surrounded by the Ortoman Empire.

* Mid-L4th century: The Arpad dynasty ends King
Chatles Robert of Hungary dies in 1342

+ Late {eh ceneury: Wallachia becannes a ama atc of de
Ono Exire sna the early 19th cen.

‘## 1520-1530; The Tremere move from Cesta new

+1452: Consuamtinopie (atl wo the Turks

£1455: Moldavia becomes pa
ins part of Hung
* 1526: Hungary defeated by the Ottoman Empire.
Transyvania gains independence and maintains for forty year.

‘9 1560; The Ventrue of Transyloania implement a more
rigid hierarchy in their cities, ferreting out Sabha spies and
rmainuaining thei influence during the Sabbat Crusades. The
practice quickly spreads to other Camarila cites across Europe.

Exp

‘of the Ottoman Empire.
Transylvania tea

© 1566: Transylvania falls under Turkish rule. The
(Ortoman sultan decrees that all Transylvanian princes must
be approved by hitn after appointment by the Diet

#1568: The territory of Hungary is divided into three
portions. Western Hungary remains in control of the
Habsburgs. Transylvania gains autonomy under Turkist
serainty; the rest remai direct Turkish control

Aubshung replace the

ne
@ Late 17th centre:
Ottomans as Hungary's rulers

1800: Bulcwof Clan Venerue moves his haven o Rusia.

} 1801: The Sabb establishes the Purchase Pact, which
forbids Sabbar packs from ssaing with each other Coninal
Rau set witnesses she sigan ofthe document.

* Early 19th century: The Napoleonic Wars fe
the Holy Roman Empite. A portion of it becom
The Ottoman Empire and Russa suppress insurtec
Wallachia, Moldavia and Trarmylvanin

# 1812: Rusia ainscontrol of Benarabiain Southentern
Moldavia

*# 1815: Napoleon is defeated at Waterloo

+ Mad-l9th century: Aunt
remaining German sates. Metternich helps etabll an auto
tate government. The View Camas urs greater nfburce
ver the Asma mesa, resting anew genera cf Vere
Embmaced for tepals sual of ther me here

+ 1848-1849: Inspired by recent revolution,
rations, Lajos Komuth leads a revolution in Hun

awerts agyemacy over the

Toa's esos Cae

"7


attempting to establish a parliamentary government. Hun-
sgay declares its independence from Austria in 1849. Kossuth,
then becomesa virtual dictator alienates other workdleaders,
and eventually flees to Turkey.

* 1854-1856 The Crimean War. Czar Nichols I insstson,
retecting Christian shrines in Jeruslem and the Oxtoman
Empire. Rusia occupies the Ballons. In respons, the Ottoman,
Enpire alles with England, France and Sardinia to drive out
Rawian mon 1856, Rusia wthdeawsits cai to the Balkans
‘Wallachia and Mokdavia become independent principalities.

* 1859; Wallachia and Moldavia unite under a single
prince, forming ade facto state called Romania. The nation is
‘not internationally recognized until 1878.

* 1864: The Aueto-Prussian War ende Austria' expan,
sion. Emperor Frans Joseph refocuses his ffortson coming to
terms with rebellious Hungarians.

*+ 1867: Austria, with Russian backing, reaserts control
of Hungary. The dual monaechy of Austria: Hungacy is eatab-
lished in March.

© 1877-1878: Another Russo-Turkish skirmish; Russia
seizes more of the Ortoman Empite.

+1875: Romania receives intemational recognition a8
sovereign nation under the Treaty of Berlin

1895: Vlad Tepes of Clan Tesmisce aterpes to rejoin
the Camarila and purchase several estates in Londom.

‘+ 1990: A Hood hunt is declared against Vlad Tepes, who
flees to Transylvania

‘1597; Beam Stoker publishes Dracula, romanticising
Transylvania and vampires for Western readers.

* 1914: Archduke Ferdinand, nephew of Emperor Franz
Joueph, assassinated by a Serbian nationalist in Sarajevo,
The Great War begins

‘* 191%: Revolution in. Russia ends czarist rule. Lenin
srsumes the ttle of Chief Commissar and Russia withdraws
from the Great War to concentrate on internal affairs. A rift
«pos betwen Riasian Kindred and other European Camara
The Sabtacattemprs, without succes, to take advemtage ofthe spt.

‘1918: The Great War ends. Romania'sternitory doubles
swith the addition of Transylvania, Bukovina and Bessarabia.
Although this satisfies several nationalist movements, newly
‘ncomporated minorities become dissatisfied with the sovern-
iment in the decades that follow.

# 1918-1930. The boundaries of Hungary are radically
redefined. Territories are hands off to Romania, Czechoxlova-
ia, Yogonlavia, Ausra, Poland and lely The remaining lands
are dominated by ethnic Magyars. The olf Trimisce retreat to
sechad havens, laning devastated Easter Exoope to the Sabbat,
rade gy of masly yaar Tamas ara afew ocherantiribuclans

+1930, Worldwide economic deprestion. A fascist move
‘ment similar toonesin Germanyans Ttalysurfacesin Romania.

‘#19305: Many Eastem European Kindned,porscdary the
Tremere support the rise of fascism, applaud cs emphasis on kas
onl onder. Seving fact prvernments a a uch check om sci

tavrest and asa poked weapon against the Sabb, conserve
Kindred lend assistance to the proponents of totalitarianism.

'* 1938: Germany annexes Austria.

+ 1939: Germany invades Poland, World Wat Il begins.

* 1941:Romaniaalles with Nazi Germany. Halfa million
‘German soldiers occupy the country. Germany attempts t0
invade the Soviet Union and etake Bessarabia. The results are
disastrous over 350,000 Romanian skiers die.

©* 1941-45: Ventrue and Tremere allies of the German
cocupyeng forces attempe to oust the Trmusce from ther nave
soil. Biznre occurrences plague thet effores, as ifthe land self
Intervene,

© 1944: Soviet troops overrun Romania. King Michael
of Romania declares an alliance with the Soviet Union
‘against Germany.

+ 1945: A Soviet occupation force, akled by local Com-
‘munists, establishes a pro-Soviet provisional government in
‘Hungary. The Soviet Union retums Transylvanut to Hun-
sary (as a reward for ther alliance), but keeps Bessarabia.

‘9* 1945-49: The Sabbat Trimisce reassert thet dominance
‘over Eastern Europe, driving out the remnants of the German
‘nd Ausorin Camara Kindred from Romania and other re-
sions of Easter Europe. Despite Sabbat efforts, the Russian
Brujah remain, The Tremere rereat to Austria or seclude

'* March, 1948: Romanian Communists dominate na-
ional elections. The country adopts a Soviet -style constitution
and is proclaimed the Romanian People's Republic.

© 1949: The Hungarian People's Republic forms.

* 1956: In Hungary. the Soviet Union suppresses fierce
"opposition to the local Stalinist regime. Under the cover of the
Humgsrian wprising, Russian Briah and Hurgarian Sabbat
\vamprres carry out bloody skirmishes in the sercets

‘© 1957: The Third Sabbat Civil War in the Americas
‘bleeds over meo Excrope, emerging as another battle between the
Brujah ance in Romania and local Trimisce.

© 1960's Gheorge Georghiu-Dej and his eventual suc-
cessor, Nicolae Ceancescu, implement foreign policies
independent of Soviet agendas. The Communist Party of
Romania forces the growth of heavy industry, transforming
Romania from an agrarian to an urban society.

® 1970' Ceaucescu attempts to modernise the Roma
nian economy by investing huge loans from Western credit
institutions. Many of his projects fail, forcing a rigorous
"austerity program" to pay off the nation's debe. The standard
of living plunges. A secret police terrorize: the populace.
Ceaucescu's family squanders the nation's wealth on public
monuments and urbanization schemes.

© 1999: The Romanian army joinsa national upg against
(Cemeeseu Heflesthecounerybutilatcrcapeuedantexecuted,

Turon Oroncus N

118


‘The Council ofthe National Salvation Front takes over, calling
fora transition ta free-market economy. Romain vamp,
eparss of clan or sect, unite to expel Russo varies from their
rma. Those who do no ave are deste or gon ding.

+ 1999: Hungarian communists voluntarily abandon
their political monopoly. Hungary's consticution is amended
to allow other parties. In 1990, the Hungarian Democratic
Forum wins the fint democratic elections.

© 1990: Baba Yas awakens from torpor and overwhelms
the supernatural denizens Russia, slamming down a supernatural
harvicr that prevents Kindred from leaving. Contact with the
Brujah who support che Soviet government breaks off abrapely
cand many Kindred in Rusia disappear

* 1991: The National Salvation Front becomes the Demo-
crane Natkonul Salvation Front Romana drafsanew constitution.
‘Gavi war erapes in Yugoavia. The Soviet inion collaees.

* 1993: Czechoslovakia splits into the Czech Republic
and Slowakia

‘Tue S1oNS OF GEHENNA
"Though the four books that comprise the Trarytvania

re

Chwonicles, the charactess- have had
dacover—andin some axes participate i
‘hac herald the coming of Gehenna, Nod

the Camanilla and Sibbat disagree 2s 0 the

snare Soave tradicional

revealed in the Book of Nod are the true signe. These schiiladd
‘sit thatthe signs revealed instead mesely herald the rie of

shih began i
Setecnpae OCI) couay er Kid rar
‘with thesignsofKupila and the Bockof Nox maintain that be
are needed to fully understand. the bed bee 2) gfe :
epecaby config.

‘Concrover rage in scene cls a0
ight signs merely announce the' coming of Gebenna
actually et in motion the Fital Night. Whether theyserve
as warnings or is milestones on the rd to Gehenna, the
signs offer visible poof that the Antedthuvian threat is real."
‘These are the eight signs of Geherita as revealed

* Sign One — The Hidden Darkmest the diablerie of
‘Sauter by Tremere.

+ 1994: Hungarians vote the Socialist Party back into
power. Kindred refugees from Romana ind havens ox Harsary
#1995: Members of the European Union create a
timetable for Easter Europe sentry intothe European Union.
*¢ 1996: Kindred from Wester Europe tke alvaneae of
reestablished relations wth Eastem Eusope and rename eave
{former tron Cuertain conncries
‘** 1998: Baba Yoga mects Final Death and the baver
fsclatng Rusia from the est ofthe world al. Rumors create
tHwoxhout the Sabbat that the Has death ame abate has
of Black Hand Seraph alan-Aajv utile some Camila Kindred
claim that ther own warlord, Karsh is responsible for her demise
+ 1999: Slobodan Milosevic calls forthe evacuation of
cthnic Alhaniane from the Yogodavian province of Kouowo
NATO begins bombing key targets in the region. Under
‘pressure, Milosevic agreesto NATO's peace proporal. NATO
and Russian troops occupy Kosovo,

storms word,
"the Antedihavans —and thar eller.

7
calles Fea ES A

Toes booms Game

9


The prophecies of Gehenna continue to unfold. In the darkest
corners of Transylvania, Dracula stirs. Halfway across the world,
a conflagration destroys an entire clan of Sabbat Cainites. The
geomantic web unravels, revealing the greatest piece of the Jyhad
yet seen. Can your cot side its differences in time to
foil the plot of an Antediluvian? Or has Gehenna finally arrived?

Concluding the story begun four years ago in Dark Tides

‘The Dragon Ascendant resolves an cight-hundred-year-old feud
between two of the most evil minds in the World of Darkness.
Whether as players or pawns, your characters must uncover the
Ancients' plans for the world and stop them — or hasten the
end of the world.

* The conclusion of the popular Transylvania Chronicles
* Stories that take place in Victorian Vienna and the modern nights

* Downtime and maturation systems for integrating the tale
with previous installments

cAELEAERS |
