# File: Transylvania By Night.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

fo RCEWOOK FOR VAMPIRE iE DARK AGES* —


Ce]

By Brian CAMPBELL AND Nicky REA


CREDITS SPECIAL THANKS

Authors: Brian Campbell and Nicky Rea Louvie "Free at Last" Locklear. ‘Nuff said. Best of luck,
Developers: Robert Hatch and Justin Achilli sweetie.

Editor: Allison Sturms Michelle "Finishing Art" Prahler, for designing herself right
Art Director: Lawrence Snelly out of White Wolf.

Layout and Typesetting: Katie McCaskill Kathy "Reappearing Act" Ryan. Some people are gluttons for
Front Cover Art: Gerald Brom punishment.

Back Cover Art: Guy Davis

Cover Design: Katie McCaskill Brian's Dedication: This book is dedicated to
Cartography: Robby Poore the inventors of Mountain Dew and Cap'n Crunch.
Interior Art: Dennis Calero, Mike Danza, Guy Davis, Eric Without their wondrous creations, this book would
Lacombe, David Leri, Vince Locke, Larry MacDougall, An- never have been completed.

drew Ritchie, Alex Sheikman

735 PARK NORTH BLVD.
& SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021

Waite WOLF] USA
CAME STUDIO
© 1997 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights

reserved. Reproduction without the written permis-
sion of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for
the purposes of reviews, and blank character sheets,
» which may be reproduced for personal use only.
White Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the
I ; Dark Ages and Mage the Ascension are registered

\

trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Alon, Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith
the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Werewolf
J the Wild West, Ghouls Fatal Addiction, Libellus
(¢\) Sanguinis I Masters of the State, Storytellers Hand-
book to the Sabbat, Rage Warriors of the Apocalypse,
, and Transylvania by Night are trademarks of White
\ Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All charac-
p ters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by
White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the
trademark or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings,
characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment
purposes only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at:

http://www.white-wolf.com, alt.games.whitewolf

and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN USA.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT


CONTENTS

CHAPTER ONE: INTRODUCTION

CHAPTER Two: A LAND BEDECKED IN DARKNESS

CHAPTER THREE? CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST
CHAPTER Four: THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE

CHAPTER Five: THE CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT

CHAPTER Six: BorN OF MaAGickK: THE TREMERE

CHAPTER SEVEN! STORYTELLING

CHAPTER EIGHT: DENIZENS OF DARKNESS

APPENDIX: SLAVES OF THE VOIVODES AND OTHER MISCELLANY



hapter Orie:
Introduction

This is a land of legends. Generations
to come vwoill whisper of haunted, cant
pice plagued Cransyleoania. Over the
centuries of the Long Viight, Cainite ef-
ders voill speaks of ancient Sangercs in the
lands bexyond the forest. he Woivodate
of Ceansylvania voill one night become
the land where Vlad Tepes visits his ret
ribution against invading Curks, vwohere
Romanians cucse the oppression of the
Oungarians and Gzrelders, vohere Gypsies
Aave under the yoke of theie masters,
and vohere ant aging count vwedcomes an
unvoitting soliciforfrom London Us vwoar
beeaks out in the shadow of the
Carpathian Wlountains, the legend be-
gins here...in the Dark Mlediecal world.


eye

of} ¥f

\

DARKNESS

Many of thestruggles and hatreds endemic to Transylvania
can be traced back for centuries, or even millennia. Religious
division between Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic
Christians, strife between Christians and pagans, and political
struggles between aristocrats and the oppressed thrive in this
dark land. Ethnic conflicts between Romanians, Hungarians,
Szeklers, Saxons and Vlachs pass from generation to genera-
tion, like a hereditary disease. This is just as true for the
undead, who transfer these same burdens from sire to childe.

While mortals suffer the result of their hatreds by day,
Cainites wage wars and plot horrors by night. Peasants and
nobles alike shutter their windows and bar their doors when the
sun sets, and few mortals have the courage to travel by moon-
light. Of those who do, the most unfortunate are enlisted by the
undead and engaged in their devious schemes. Caine's childer
are the unquestioned masters of the night in Transylvania.

THEMES

The dark holds terrors no mortal can overcome. The
daytime lives of serfs and peasants are a sharp contrast to the
danse macabre enacted by moonlight. In the 12th century,
human civilization may appear prosperous while the sun is
shining, but its accomplishments are at best a facade. No matter
what a mortal liege lord says about the knights who have sworn
fealty to him or the protection his vassals promised, the common
folk are aware that the nobility cannot save them from the
night-fiends. Behind the mask of civility lie the bestial impulses
of barbarity. Feudal lords grow wealthy as they witness the
suffering of their lessers, yet these same masters know that they,
in turn, must pay homage to the lords of the night.

Cainites also speak of civility, but the Beast hungers within
the souls of the Damned. Appetites are sated here through
methods ranging from the subtle to the grotesque. The undead
have their own feudal hierarchies, yet the pretense of civility
remains just as false for them. The strong prey upon the weak.
Behind the mortal lords are beasts, and behind their cunning
societies lie ancient predators. As you pass through these lands,
leave the gentle ways of the West behind you.

Moop

The dominant mood in Transylvanian chronicles is one
of enduring hatreds and thus, undying grudges. Heritage de-
fines conflict. Just as race and religion can tear mortal societies
apart, much ofa vampire's identity is shaped by his affiliations.
Individual conflicts often escalate into clan wars. The struggle
between the Tremere and Tzimisce is particularly brutal, as the
mightiest clan of the Old Country rapidly falls to the insidious
schemes of one of the most powerful clans of the new age.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Asacoterie ventures into the Balkan Kingdoms, its members'
unity will be tested. Vampire lords will seek to set their consanguin-
eous brethren against their enemies, seeing any travelers exploring
their domains as potential allies. The vampires of your coterie,
however, have an edge over these embittered Cainites. They have
access to a greater amount of information because they come from
different clans and have learned to work together. It is easier for the
members of a coterie to work together if, say, their Tremere can get
them into Ceoris, their Gangrel can parley with the armies of the
woods, or their Brujah can get them employment in patrols to the
east. Clan hatred isan integral part of the mood in the lands beyond
the forest, but ingenious vampires can turn this hatred to their
advantage. Coteries lacking diversity must tread carefully, lest they
be swept away by the currents of bitter rivalry.

There is an accompanying disadvantage. The more allies a
coterie makes, the more enemies it will gain. The coterie's Tremere
will be abhorred by the Tzimisce, and the steadfast Brujah will be
a liability when consulting with the Gangrel. The diversity of a
coterie can be an advantage, but fully exploiting it takes work.

AL WaRNING CONCERNING THE
CHOCULA FACTOR

There is another mood that is sometimes evoked in this type
of chronicle, one that can be difficult to accommodate. Just as
Transylvania isa legendary land, ithas been represented countless
times in the retelling of that legend, creatingmany of the enduring
clichés of the vampire genre. Runninga Transylvanian chronicle
can be difficult for this reason. No matter how much research you
undertake or how serious your intentions, no matter how badly
you want to evoke the pinnacle of horror in gaming, be aware that
the mood you seek to attain can be shattered by the first Bela
Lugosi impression or bad Romanian accent. Transylvania hasalso
been the land of giant bats on strings and buxom young actresses
in low-cut gowns for some. Dialogue from the worst of the Dark
Shadows episodes can come all too easily. This is the result of the
dreaded Chocula Factor.

Asa Vampire game goes beyond good taste, the influence
of the Chocula Factor can become deadly. If you encounter it,
one approach is to meet it head on; if you cannot defeat it, use
it to your advantage. Unlike chronicles in other parts of Europe,
you should not be afraid to steal a plot or two from a Hammer
film, engage in too much melodrama, quote Dracula a little too
freely or shudder dramatically at unspeakable terror. If you are
not afraid of the Chocula Factor, you need not take yourself too
seriously in your Transylvanian chronicles. Have fun.

Wuat Tuts Book CONTAINS

The structure of this work differs slightly from that of past
By Night books, so a few prefatory words are necessary. This
book not only details Transylvania, but it also covers most of
Eastern Europe. Chapter One includes this very laudatory
introduction, which describes the tome's contents and pre-
sents suggestions for mood and theme. Chapter Two details


AL Worp on Historica AccurRACyY

We've done our best to make sure the facts contained within are accurate, but we must voice a disclaimer. This is a

game supplement, not a doctoral sbiesis.

freely admit that we have fear
Well, actually, we haven'

many cases, we have "bridged

eigth éyido nor; appear until the .
advice the a of citiesé

offerited by this histgh l
whether they are supposed ne
Here, then, is a word of warning™Do not diag bs

bibliography and read the sources for yourself. In other words, enjoy ‘the story.

history, setting the conflict between Hungary and Transylvania
in the context of Eastern Europe as a whole. Chapter Three
covers geography, presenting locations ranging from the gates
of Constantinople to the cold Russian steppes.

Chapter Four presents over 30 Cainites usable in
chronicles set anywhere from Bulgaria to Lithuania. Chap-
ter Five details the nefarious antagonists and potential
heroes among Clan Tzimisce. In contrast, Chapter Six offers
an extensive view of the Usurper Clan, the Tremere, includ-
ing a treatment of Ceoris — their fortress against the
marauders of the night.

Chapter Seven gives further ideas for storytelling,
including advice on how to handle the mortal aspects of
chronicles and religion in Eastern Europe. This chapter
also includes a number of "story sketches" for adventures.
Chapter Eight details the lives of other supernatural crea-
tures, including magi, wraiths, faeries and the dreaded
Lupines of the East. And finally, the Appendix to this
weighty tome gives further information on two revenant
families trapped in service to the Tzimisce.

uate students in Eastern European studies will find flaws in hii book, but we
Sin Bthe interest of drama.

four 12th- cenit
rid. We attribute this

sake of history exams. If you must, check out the

INSPIRATIONAL SOURCES

Whether you prefer your Vampire stories brimming with
attitude or just this side of a good Hammer flick, many sources
are available to give you further ideas of how to expand your
chronicle. Some suggestions are:

Bram Stoker's Dracula

A History of Hungary, ed. by Peter Sugar

A History of Transylvania by Pascu

Transylvania by Podea

The Early Medieval Balkans by John V.A. Fine, Jr.

A History of Pagan Europe by Prudence Jones & Nigel Pennick

The Slavs by Roger Portal

Lithuania Ascending by S.C. Rowell

Black Lamb and Grey Falcon by Rebecca West

Balkan Ghosts by Steven Kaplan

Travel guides for Eastern Europe and its component
countries also provide stunning pictures as well as information
on regional arts and culture.

INTRODUCTION


hapter Co:
at Land
edecked fn

Hatkness

3t's not people...its something that
comes out of the ground in certain
parts of the voondd that has an effect
on the human psyche, causing man to
ceact in exactly the same voarn genera-
tion after generation

— John Burdett, Che Last Six Wiillion
Seconds


Space limitations make it impossible to examine every
notable event that shaped the lands of Eastern Europe. The
histories in this chapter touch on the highlights of each area
profiled instead, incorporating known human history with the
shadow history of the Cainites. Because of its central location and
importance in the ongoing story of these benighted lands, Hun-
gary (and its province of Transylvania) holds pride of place as the
most lengthy entry. Anyone wishing to learn more concerning
Hungary or any of the other countries depicted here need only
check out the reference books mentioned in Chapter One.

BoHEMIA

Although Bohemia holds the remains of 25,000-year-old
settlements, its Dark Medieval existence began with the arrival
of the Slavs during the sixth and seventh centuries. Traveling
through the Carpathian Pass, they entered through the Moravian
Gate (one of many open passes through the mountains, which are
called "gateways" due to the ease of crossing through them) and
into Bohemia. There the Slavs intermixed with Celts and Ger-
mans and formed a tribal group under a Frankish merchant
named Samo. The newfound kingdom collapsed upon his death.

A great western Slavic tribe led by a charismatic woman
named Libussa moved into the area during the seventh cen-
tury, intermingling with the former inhabitants and settling in
great numbers. Libussa, recognizing that her tribe was tired of
following her leadership, chose a common plowman named
Premysl as her consort and husband. She turned the rulership
of her people over to him, after she prophesied that a great city
named Prague would someday rise upon their chosen home, a
city that would outshine all others.

Or, so the story goes. In actuality, Libussa and her people were
host to an ancient Tzimisce, a female warrior of great cunning
named Shaagra. Fleeing encroaching barbarians and realizing that
her tribe could no longer support her appetite alone, Shaagra used
her favorite ghoul, Libussa, to urge them into westward expansion.
Taking their place alongside the earlier arrivals, the newly named
Premysl nobility began their quest for the throne.

The state of Great Moravia, which included Moravia,
Bohemia and western Slovakia, grew strong in 833, when good
relations with Byzantium prompted Prince Ratislav to send for
Christian missionaries. Cyril and Methodius, known as the
apostles of the Slavs, arrived in 863 and converted much of the
population to the new state religion. The two also developed the
Slavonic Glagolitic script and received permission for sermons to
be given in Slavonic after the lesson was read in Latin.

Sometime around 880, the Premysl family began con-
struction of Prazsky Hrad (Prague Castle), which dominates a
promontory overlooking the VItava. The castle was intended
toserve not only asa fortress and Premysl family residence, but
also as a fortification to guard the resting place of Shaagra.
Duke Borivoj was baptized by Bishop Methodius in the same
year. He built a wooden church inside the castle five years later
and dedicated it to the Virgin Mary.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

In 900, seeing a need for more fortifications, Shaagra
insisted on building a new stone castle two miles upriver from
Prague Castle. Accordingly, her family built the Castle of
Chrasten-Vysehrad. Most settlements arose between the two
fortresses; the most important one, known as Mala Strana or
Little Quarter, sprang up at the foot of Prague Castle.

Intermarriage between the Premysls and other nobles
allowed the family to claw its way to the top. Shaagra rewarded
useful servants with her potent blood and long life. These
servants, in turn, intermarried with close relatives, who were
also ghouls, until some within each new generation were born
with the Tzimisce's blood already in them. Other family
members found strength through the practice of the forbidden
arts of magic; some practiced even darker rites. The family of
Premysl (some of whom were now revenants) thus emerged as
the supreme power in Bohemia, with Prince Wenceslas (also
known as Vaclav) as the sole ruler. Other Tzimisce found
welcome among Prague's dark streets as long as they acknowl-
edged Shaagra's preeminent place.

Shaagra began to slip into torpor soon after Wenceslas
took the throne. Lacking her counsel and direction, Wenceslas
was thrown back on his own devices. Attempting to throw off
the vampyr's yoke, he turned to outside help rather than
relying on familial power to hold his throne. Wenceslas
swore allegiance to the German Emperor Henry I in 929,
which caused the Bohemian ruling classes to withdraw their
support for him. German Ventrue entered Bohemia, theo-
retically to assist Wenceslas, but really to establish themselves
politically and economically. They did nothing to stop the
murder of the revenant prince only a few years later, hoping
to provoke a time of turmoil that would allow them to take
complete control.

The prince's brother Boleslav murdered Wenceslas in
935 and created a powerful state, ruling over Bohemia,
Slovakia, Moravia and parts of Silesia and southern Poland.
His rule was troubled by repeated attacks from the Holy
Roman Emperor Otto I. Though Boleslav tried to ignore his
familial duties, his relatives made occasional trips into the
crypt where Shaagra slept in torpor and fed her the blood of
captives. After Boleslav's death by the sword in 967, Boleslav
II became prince and stabilized the kingdom. Fearing further
attacks from the Christian monarchs of Western Europe,
Boleslav appealed to the Pope and founded the Bishopric of
Prague in 973. A few Toreador and Lasombra, vying for
control of the Church, began to enter Bohemia and establish
themselves in Prague.

Bretislav, Boleslav II's successor, achieved the permanent
union of Bohemia and Moravia, though he was forced to
depend on German advice to keep the Premysls in control. A
Ventrue took control of the reins of power for the first time in
Bohemia and raised himself to the position of Prince of Prague.
He offered alliance to the few Toreador in Prague, simulta-
neously keeping Bohemia in the Holy Roman Empire and
cutting Lasombra rivals out of the Church in Bohemia.


SS

Many mortal wizards and scholars took up residence in
Prague, drawn to the city by the presence of Jewish scholars
and Kabbalists, who had flocked to the city in hope of
protection from persecution. Their Cainite counterparts from
House Tremere soon followed. Nosferatu and Cappadocians
arrived and found a place in the Jewish ghetto. The practice
of medicine thrived here; Jewish chirurgeons gained great
knowledge of anatomy through the study of corpses (unlike
Christians, who were forbidden to do so).

In 1091 a devastating fire at Prague Castle prompted the
Premysls to move their court to Vysehrad and begin replacing
old wooden fortifications with stone ones. Shaagra was moved
to a carved cellar beneath Vysehrad Castle, where she re-
mained in torpor.

Briefly held by Poland in 1102, Bohemia reasserted its
independence. Attacked by the Hungarians in 1107 and 1112,
Bohemia fought off foreign invasion while the various town-
ships that made up the city became more unified. A noted
trade route since the beginning of the 10th century, Prague
soon boasted a market to rival those of the greatest Western
European cities. New buildings sprang up to accommodate the
influx of German merchants. One of the first stone bridges in
Eastern Europe, Judith Bridge, was constructed around 1157
to connect both banks of the Vitava. Old Town and New
Town developed rapidly soon thereafter, with stone houses
and Romanesque churches dominating.

A civilizing influence and a center for learning, the
Great University of Prague arose in Old Town, financed by
the Ventrue prince and the Premysl dynasty. Many of
Europe's greatest minds went to teach and study there.
With the university came a couple of Brujah parasites, there
to study and to seek lands where they could put their
philosophies to the test.

The Ventrue ruler of Prague invited a Tremere ally, who
was under pressure from the Tzimisce in Hungary, to enter
Austria with his cabal and attack Tzimisce holdings there.
With the Tzimisce thus occupied, the prince turned his
attention to holding off Lasombra rivals in Germany. So,
with the collusion of the Ventrue Prince of Bohemia, the
Tremere established themselves in Austria, eventually tak-
ing Vienna as their new headquarters.

Bohemia remains an autonomous kingdom in 1198, though
still a part of the Holy Roman Empire. Its main city of Prague
serves as a major trade center and an outpost of civilization on
the edge of what most of Europe considers the "barbaric" East.
Most people forget that Prague lies further west than Vienna.
The people of Eastern Europe see Bohemia as a possible ally
against takeover from the West, feeling that here in the "magic
city" of Prague the people might understand their views.
Poised between East and West, linked to both, but truly part
of neither, Bohemia must tread a careful path or be swallowed
in the ongoing struggle between opposing cultures.

A LAND BEDECKED IN DARKNESS


PoLAND

Poland's broad expanse of plains, bounded on the west by
the Oder River and by the mighty waters of the Vistula on the
east, supported a strong enclave of paganism until the 10th
century. Caught between the Holy Roman Empire and the
lands of Lithuania and Russia, Poland's many princedoms

formed aconstantly shifting buffer zone marked by the struggle

between the expanding Christian faith and the followers of the
older religions. Here, too, Ventrue and Tzimisce have engaged
in a battle for supremacy over the mortal population.

The push to Christianize the pagan tribes of Poland began
as early as the ninth century, when the chief of the Vistulanian
tribe received baptism according to the Slavonic rite out of
fealty to Moravia. When the marriage of Prince Miesko I to
Princess Dubravka of the Czechs in 965 resulted in Miesko's
conversion to Christianity, the Latin Church strengthened its
hold on the region and, with it, German Ventrue gained entry
into an area long dominated by their Tzimisce rivals.

The Tzimisce lords of Poland, little concerned with
whom the pathetic mortals worshipped, nominally embraced
Slavic Christianity. They didn't bother to prevent the steady
encroachment of Germanic Ventrue, whose mortal emissaries
introduced the Latin rite into the region. A Latin missionary
bishopric at Poznan supplanted an earlier Slavonic see. The

ecclesiastical province of Polonia arose in conjunction with a
consolidated Polish state comprising Wielkspolska (Greater
Poland) and Malopolska (Lesser Poland) by the end of the
10th century. In order to prevent a complete takeover by the
German Empire, the Tzimisce Razkoljna of Krakow con-
vinced her fellow Tzimisce to allow this union to take place,
even though it meant acquiescing to the Latin Church and,
therefore, to Rome.

Emperor Otto III visited Poland in A.D. 1000, and he
greeted Miesko's successor, Boleslaw Chrobry (called "The
Brave"), as an ally. Benedictine monasteries occupied sites in
Mied and Tyniec by this time. Boleslaw, who ruled from
992 to 1025, earned his sobriquet through his fearless actions
on behalf of Poland. He stormed Prague in 1003 and, 15 years
later, marched on Kiev, notching its Golden Gate with his
sword. In 1018, the Pope honored Boleslaw witha royal crown,
making him Poland's first actual "king."

Nevertheless, paganism continues to exert itself (though
furtively) in the Polish countryside, supported and encouraged
by the Gangrel Jolanta. Desperate to thwart the schemes of
both the Tzimisce and Ventrue, Jolanta participated in the
pagan revolt of 1037, a doomed effort to overthrow the grip of
the Catholic Church. Although it failed, Jolanta survived to
continue her battle against the encroachment of the city on
her wilderness, which is becoming even more feral as the city
has grown and prospered.


The martyrdom of Stanislaw, Bishop of Krakow, in 1079
exposed a growing rift between secular and clerical authority —and
between the Tzimisce and Ventrue masters of Poland. For his
defiance of Boleslaw the Bold, the Polish king, Bishop Stanislaw, met
aviolent death in his own church at the hands of the king's knights.

The capital of Poland moved to Krakow in 1083, where the
Piast dynasty transformed the kingdom into Eastern Europe's prime
center of Catholicism. This distinction lasted for less than half a
century. Continuing rivalry between political and religious factions
resulted in the breakdown of the unified Polish Kingdom, culminat-
ing in 1146 with the ousting of Vladislav, eldest son of Boleslaw III.

Poland exists as a collection of discrete duchies and princi-
palities in 1198, each with its own Cainite overlord.

HUNGARY

Like much of Europe, this region was once home to Celts.
Occupied and incorporated into the Roman Empire, the lands
called Hungary were then known as the Province of Pannonia.
The Romans fortified the area through the erection of a system
of earthen ramparts, which stretched along the Danube River to
the Carpathian Basin and the westernslopes of the Transylvanian
Alps. The empire made its stand here, building strong fortresses
and towns. The empire's defenses were upheld by the capital of
Pannonia in the west, a fortress-town known as Aquincum
(later to be known as Obuda). Constructed on a natural hill
overlooking the Danube at the point of anatural ford, Aquincum
provided the Romans with a fortified position from which to
keep invaders from crossing the river and sweeping onward to
Rome. Seeing the flatlands to the other side of the Danube, the
Romans realized that another fort and settlement would also
slow the advance of foes trying to reach the river. That settle-
ment, Contra-Aquincum, would later form the nucleus of the
town of Pest. The Romans also penetrated eastward of the
province, crossing the Danube from the south and moving
upward into what is now Wallachia.

Humans did not act alone in their attempt to "civilize" the
barbaric East. Several Cainites supported the Roman Empire.
Those Cainites who were satisfied with Rome's amusements and
comforts and those who were most respected and honored chose
to remain close to Rome. Their political rivals and a few idealists
and rebels were sent (or chose to go) to the far-flung reaches of the
empire — including provinces like Pannonia and Dacia.

They attempted to expand the empire northward from
Dacia, but every time the legions tried to penetrate the dark lands
beyond the fertile Dacian plains, they failed. Living and unliving
alike were faced with foes beyond their knowledge and with
unexplained opposition from the land itself. Despite having
carved out an empire throughout the known world, the fearless
Roman soldiers were afraid of the "darkness of the forests."

The darkness in the land was far older than the empire. Since
before remembered time, the lands had housed a great demon —
a twisted, maddened entity known as Kupala. This abominable
thing rested within the deepest caverns of the Carpathian Moun-

tains. Removing his black, gangrenous heart so that he could not
be slain by anyone who did not possess that organ, he entombed
it in the lightless depths beneath the forested Carpathian foot-
hills. Kupala's evil influence oozed upward and outward, poisoning
and infecting the land even as it granted it a breathtaking, wild
beauty and an indefinable sense of mystery. Rocks, plants and
earth were imbued with power, becoming magical and attracting
those beings who could feel their emanations. Madness and
psychic disease slowly spread in waves from Kupala's center in
Transylvania, reaching outward to encompass lands as far away as
Bohemia, Poland, Lithuania, Bulgaria and Russia.

Along with the native Tzimisce who had long ruled and
feasted on the Dacians, brutal Shadow Lord werewolves stalked
the land. One of their Kinfolk, known as Decebel, King of the
Dacians, invaded Pannonia and slaughtered the Roman armies
there in the first century A.D., bringing both Daciaand Pannonia
under barbarian rule. Emperor Trajan led the Roman armies in
an invasion of Dacia in A.D. 106, and Decebel was driven to
suicide. Over the next 20 years, the Romans rebuilt their
civilization. After fierce fighting with the Dacians, Rome settled
some of her soldiers among these independent tribespeople to
prevent another uprising. The two cultures merged to become
people known as the Romanians. The Shadow Lords retreated
to the Transylvanian Alps to lick their wounds.

The stability of the Roman Empire crumbled with the passage
of time. Rome withdrew from her northern provinces in 271,
leaving the empire's Goth allies to defend the northern border from
more "barbaric" invaders. Although many of the wealthy (includ-
ing most of the Roman Cainites who had come with the legions)
chose to evacuate, others (mostly commoners who had established
homes in the area) remained and accepted the rule of the Goths.

Defying many Roman senators, Constantine made
Byzantium the second Roman capital in 330. The decision to
establish a second capital reflected a_ schism in the empire
one that would eventually divide the Balkans completely. The
empire was torn in two, with the west ruled by Rome and the
eastern provinces looking to Byzantium, which would later be
renamed Constantinople. This division would affect the history
of the Balkans well into the 20th century.

With its collapse, Rome's outposts in Dacia and Pannonia
were abandoned. Pannonians moved westward, pushed along by
invading barbarians, while the Romanians fled to the Carpathian
Mountains and into Transylvania. When the Roman troops fled,
they left behind a sleeping Cainite, a native of the region who had
been Embraced by a Roman Malkavian. This tormented soul had
unwittingly bound himself to the demon's heart while mortal,
which maddened him with its visions of the future. This made him
the perfect candidate for the Malkavian Embrace. The Cainite
took the name Octavio, for he believed that eight great signs
would portend the awakening of the demon Kupala. After slaying
his sire in a moment of madness, Octavio haunted the Roman
settlement of Aquincum until he fell into torpor when the legions
withdrew. Destruction of some of the town overhead failed to
disturb the underground crypt where he lay sleeping.

A LAND BEDECKED IN DHRKNESS


The Carpathian Basin became an outpost of the Hun Empire
in the fifth century. Attila the Hun assaulted the eastern portion of
the Roman Empire, driving his troops as far as Constantinople. A
huge ransom (and some say, other methods of persuasion by
Michael of Clan Toreador, patriarch of the city) dissuaded Attila
from pressing further; his kingdom was short-lived.

Lessstable kingdoms followed. Gespids routed Huns. Odoacer
deposed the last Roman emperorin 476. Theodoric ofthe Ostrogoths
dethroned Odoacer. Kingdoms rose and fell as barbarian hordes
movedacross the land in waves. Chaos spread throughout the East.
Bulgars conquered the southern lands near Constantinople; Slavic
tribes invaded the Balkans, sometimes with the assistance of either
Shadow Lords or Tzimisce and Gangrel who moved westward with
them. The northern Slavs did not come as conquerors, but as
settlers. They put down roots in areas where they could farm
without coming into conflict with more aggressive tribes. Avars
dominated the Carpathian Basin through the seventh and eighth
centuries until the power of Charlemagne subdued them. Many
accepted Christianity as the price of their continued existence.

The rift between East and West continued to grow as the
Byzantine Empire practiced the Eastern Orthodox faith, turning
away from Western Europe's Roman CatholicChurch. The Balkans
remain transfixed by religious war even today, crucified on the altar
of differing doctrines. The Orthodox Church, with its veneration
of icons and married priests (so unlike the Catholic Church), has
remained mysterious and disturbing to the West for centuries.

Tue Lanp's ANCIENT MASTERS

Within their ancestral fastnesses in Transylvania
dwelt Ancient One ferred to isolate themselves
from the tumul

misce spread
throughout Europe, th atry Tzimisce became

increasingly introspec!

(or others') flesh, they became an alien race — more
monstrous than human. Theshadows over Transylvania
deepened as many fell to the demon's madness.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

The land's current history begins with the arrival of the
Hungarians, or, as they called themselves, Magyars. The name
"Magyar" derives from the Turkish word "Onogurs," meaning "10
arrows," indicating they once were a confederation of 10 tribes.
They originated near the Ural Mountains, where Shadow Lords
watched over their development. Many of these fierce warriors
were Shadow Lord Kinfolk. Seven of those tribes lived a nomadic
life in the Khazar Khanate, acting as soldiers for the Kagan, by the
seventh century. The strongest tribe was the Magyars, and all
seven tribes eventually became known by that name.

When they refused to help the Kagan put down an
uprising, the Magyars had to leave their homes. Many Shadow
Lords went with them, traveling westward in search of new
caerns. Led bya charismatic leader named Arpad, the Magyars
migrated westward across the Carpathians and entered the
Alfold in 895. In light of later events, when the chieftains of
the tribes chose Arpad to lead them, they swore fealty to him
and his male issue by the ritual drinking of their mingled blood.

Each of the tribes was given a portion of the land they
entered fortheir home. Arpad's tribe took the land around Buda.
Then began a period that Hungarians refer to as "the adven-
ture." Years of lightning-quick horseback raids across the Danube
and into Western Europe ensued. The Magyars plundered
Bavaria and northern Italy. The name Hungarian was similar to
"Hun," and the Magyars did not apprise the terrified Westerners
that they were no relation to the terrible Attila.

In 933, Emperor Henry the Fowler led heavily armed
knights against the Magyars and defeated them. Agyula of the
Arpads made an alliance that would ensure the success of his
warriors in 948. Bulscu, a fierce leader known as the "Man of
Blood," made a treaty with the rulers of Constantinople. By
accepting Orthodox Christianity in Byzantium, he gained the
support of the mortal Patriarch of the Orthodox Church.
Michael of Clan Toreador also allied with Bulscu, seeking a
tool to use against the Holy Roman Empire.

Hungarian cavalry assaulted Western Europe. The Hun-
garian race had lived by tribal warfare for centuries, and their
warriors spread like wildfire throughout the German lands.
Supernatural assistance aided them. Michael had enlisted
allies, as certain Balkan Brujah were eager to join his crusade
against the north. The Teutonic Ventrue held power there,
and a military assault on their domains would weaken them.

The undead leader of these Brujah was Dominic, a venge-
ful warrior who had witnessed the destruction of Carthage
firsthand. His soul hungered for vengeance and the struggle
presented him with an opportunity. Dominic and other war-
tiors of his clan accompanied units of Hungarian cavalry in
their raids to the north. There were still Kinfolk in the
warriors' ranks as well.

The patriarch employed a devious tactic to further the
efforts of this alliance. The most promising mortal warriors were
allowed to feast on Brujah vitae on the eve of battle. Strength-
ened by Cainite blood, Kinfolk ghouls were made into ferocious
fighters. In return for this assistance from the Brujah, a few of


these select mortals would accept the Embrace. Dominic, in
particular, had designs on the mortal ruler Bulscu, as he consid-
ered him a promising weapon against Ventrue rivals.

Bulscu's success attracted other interested manipulators,
however. His fame grew as the Hungarians became more
powerful. The petty nobles of the north were forced to bow
before him, yet Bulscu was seduced by the dominating voice of
a powerful German Ventrue named Heinrich of Volstag.
Outraged at the audacity of Michael's pawns and the temerity
of the Brujah who rode with them into battle, Heinrich knew
that leading Bulscu astray would further his revenge. The Man
of Blood had an unshakeable addiction for vitae, and his
strongest warriors lusted after the power Cainite blood could
grant them. While his warriors hungered for the vitae of the
Brujah, Bulscu dreamed of the power held by the Ventrue.

Otto, the Holy Roman Emperor, fought the Hungarian
horde toa standstill in 955. Their raiding days being over, the
Magyars retired to the Carpathian Basin. Bulscu succumbed to
the Embrace of his Ventrue mentor, strengthening his family's
power over Hungary. Trade with the West became a source of
riches for the Arpads.

Members of the family were selectively baptized into
darkness. Under their influence, mortal Arpads continued to
make Hungary into a monarchy styled after those in Western
Europe. Zombar, the son of Bulscu, became an emissary to
Constantinople by 953 and after ritually feeding upon Ventrue
vitae, he proclaimed his loyalty to the mortal patriarch, the
Toreador Michael, and the Ventrue of the city.

Eastern Hungary, knownas Transylvania or "the land beyond
the forest," was reluctant to accede to the desires of the Magyars. In
the mortal sphere, tension steadily mounted between the descen-
dants of the Dacian-Roman settlers and the Magyar invaders. By
night, Transylvanian vampires turnedagainst the Magyar Ventrue.
The Sept of the Night Sky prepared for war against the new
invaders in the shadow of the southern Carpathians.

The descendants of the Arpads continued to gain power.
Geza, amortal Arpad ruler, realizing that the West would soon
attack his lands, reasoned that his people's only hope was in
converting to Catholicism. Although wooed by both Ortho-
dox and Roman Catholic Churches, Geza and his family
converted to Roman Catholicism in 975. Western leaders
were forced to cancel plans to invade Hungary, as it now
became the newest conquest of the Pope. Emissaries to the
Imperial Diet in the Holy Roman Empire solidified the trade
routes through Hungary. Geza sued for peace with Otto,
received missionaries to convert his people, and moved to
Esztergom, where he maintained a bodyguard of Bavarian
knights, to whom he deeded large estates.

However, Geza also wanted to make peace with the eastern
peoples of his kingdom. Although he had been baptized as a
Christian, he began to publicly venerate the pagan gods. On
one hand, he broke the power of the shamans secretly operating
in his kingdom; on the other, he attempted to spread a bastard-
ized version of the Christian religion to unify the land.

When Geza took a wife, he chose the sister of the gyula of
Transylvania. Her religion was unfortunately an affront to
many of those who followed the Roman Catholic Church. Her
faith was described by religious leaders as "worse than barbar-
ism because it was infected with paganism." Religious
disagreement was rife during this time.

Before his death, Geza was recruited into the kingdom of
the undead. Bulscu's Embrace and the transition unnerved him
greatly. Far from being grateful for the immortality that Bulscu
had bestowed upon him, Geza developed an abiding hatred for
his sire. He had always thought of his association with the
Roman Catholic Church as useful to his kingdom, though of
little personal importance. Now he saw himself as corrupted by
evil, forever damned and forever exiled from the Kingdom of
Heaven. The mere sight of the cross forced him into apoplexy
at first. Later, he was seduced by the dark taint of the land.

Determined to overcome this horror, Geza fled to the city
of Esztergom. There, he took his revenge on the Church. His
ghouled servants, innocent children who had served the
churches at a younger age, were taught rituals of desecration.
Geza prayed for the forces of the infernal to guide their hands.
The thought of former altar boys invoking the names of the
ancient Slavic gods brought him endless amusement.

He then allied with some members of Clan Malkavian to
corrupt the servants of the Roman Catholic Church. Hungar-
ian Malkavians rallied around their elders, delighted at the
irony of this unholy association. Under Geza's guidance, the
clan pursued its mission throughout the next centuries. Be-
hind the facade of the Church he had aided in breathing days,
Prince Geza of Esztergom — the so-called "Archbishop" of
Hungary — gained great power. His anger knew no bounds
when he discovered that Bulscu had Embraced one of the
Bavarian knights who had served as Geza's bodyguard. That
his sire would Embrace a mere knight, making him the equal
of one who had been King of Hungary, turned Geza completely
against Bulscu and prompted him to plot revenge.

Geza's son, Istvan, educated as a Christian knight, was
crowned King of Hungary on Christmas Day in the year 1000.
Istvan then issued an edict: Henceforth all in his kingdom (except
Jews and Muslims) must convert to Christianity. Istvan invited
foreigners — especially Germans — to come into Hungary and
settle. Though he ruled from Esztergom, the twin cities of Buda
and Pest rose and became one, their growth spurred on by Ventrue
trading interests. As the city once again came to life, Octavio
stirred from his long sleep and began to walk the night again.
Angered that time had passed him by, he sought omens of the
eight great signs that portend the awakening of the demon.

Monastic orders began to settle in Hungary, including the
Cistercian and Benedictine monks. Ten bishoprics developed a
network of churches, and pilgrimage routes leading through
Constantinople to Jerusalem were established. The force of
Catholicism brought national unity. Laws soon prohibited serfs
from moving too far from the church, and burial grounds were
established near churches, tying ancestor worship to Christian

A LAND BEDECKED IN DARKNESS


holy grounds. While western Hungary turned ever more toward
Western Europe and civilization, eastern Hungary (known as
Transylvania) became a war zone where new German settlers
and Hungarian nobles subjugated the Romanians' descendants.

Istvan was angered by the resistance in the eastern fringes of
his kingdom. After executing his cousin in the east, whom he
declared an "incestuous pagan," Istvan then moved against the
gyula of Transylvania. Vicious battles gave way to atrocities, with
each side inflicting needless cruelties and no side giving quarter.
Hungarian Catholics took the lands of those Orthodox Roma-
nians who refused to convert, and the Dacian remnants were
made serfs. Spurred on by the upheaval, paganism flourished.

By night, blood warfare between Ventrue and Tzimisce
ensued. Open warfare between Cainites was disastrous for the
mortal populace. The villagers of Transylvania learned to bar
their doors and windows at night. All business ended at sun-
down. By moonlight, ghouled warriors charged into the darkest
parts of the Carpathian Mountains and the Tzimisce's unholy
shrines. Civilization was at risk once again. Undead packs
openly fought against the fleshcrafted ghouls of the Tzimisce.

The war against the east was far more successful by day.
Istvan's troops captured the gyula of Transylvania and Istvan
annexed his lands. While the sun shone, the lands were safe, but
when the sun set, the facade went asunder. Patrols of Hungarian
Cainites slaughtered the abominations that were spawned in
darkness. Yet, it would take another faction to drive back the
Tzimisce, the Usurper Clan known as the Tremere.

For many years, mortal wizards in search of the key to
immortality had maintained a chantry named Ceoris high in
the Transylvanian Alps. These magi were always desirous of
more power, especially the gift of immortality. When they
discovered a ritual that would grant them this boon, they
captured and used Tzimisce vampires in their magical ritual of
change. By thus becoming Cainites, they made undying en-
emies of the Fiends. Quick to seize the opportunity, the
Ventrue allied with the Tremere, offering them supplies,
assistance and funds to wage their war against the Tzimisce.
Glad of the support, the Tremere quickly accepted.

Istvan's actions on behalf of the Roman Catholic Church
led to his canonization as St. Stephen, patron saint of Hun-
gary. He ruled a prosperous kingdom, but his death in 1038
brought decades of turmoil.

The Byzantine Emperor Manuel | tried to reconcile his
empire's differences with the Kingdom of Hungary in 1071.
Prince Bela, heir presumptive to the throne of Hungary, was
also declared as Manuel's heir. Uprisings in Byzantium gave
himan opportunity toseize Balkan lands controlled by Manuel,
and Bela was soon a powerful leader in his kingdom. Under
King Bela, the Kingdom of Hungary almost outshone
Constantinople. The glories won by the king have been
lovingly chronicled by a scribe in Bela's employ, a monkish
figure known only as Anonymus [sic]. Esztergom has become
an archbishopric, and many monasteries dot the countryside.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT


Bela established monopolies on coinage, customs, castle
construction and decisions regarding immigration. Hungary
welcomed foreigners who could bring knowledge to the coun-
try — if they could pay additional taxes to Bela. Though much
of Bela's wealth supported his Cainite relatives' luxury, Bela
remained one of the wealthiest rulers of the era.

With a strong ruler on the throne, fairs and markets inten-
sified trade. Muslims, Jews, Russians, Italians and Germans traded
in weapons and wax, silver and leather, copper and enamel.
Mining in Transylvania also filled the coffers of the kingdom.

With Bela's death, his son Imre is king, and the land waits to
see where he will lead them. But even as some parts of Hungary
have gained a degree of stability, the peasants know better than
to stray from their homes by night. An even greater war rages on
beneath the thin veneer of peace. The land itself is accursed and
that sickness courses through all that exists within it.

The wild and dangerous region of Transylvania, awarded
to Istvan when the Pope declared him King of Hungary, has
always considered itself a separate territory. Remnants of the
Dacian-Roman people claim to have been in the area when
the Magyars passed through during their migration westward.
Many Romanian boyars (nobles) claim titles stretching back
for centuries. Romanian boyar families usually claim ancestral
holdings, often fortresses or castles that oversee several small
villages nearby. Because centers of population are so small,
much of the land is left untilled, the forests uncut.

This suits the Gangrel who roam the area, as well as the
Lupine Shadow Lords, who have long been a major power in
Transylvania. The Shadow Lords acknowledge Kinfolk living
in villages throughout the land. Although the Lords have an
intense hatred for the Tzimisce voivodes who rule over the
mortal population, they have never been able to eradicate
them. Nonetheless, they have managed to keep the mortal
population relatively small, which has limited the voivodes'
power. Ironically, the depredations of the Tzimisce provide an
equally effective cull for the populace.

The Hungarian king is sending in nobles, German mer-
chants and farmers to build towns in Transylvania. Large
settlements and cities threaten to arise for the first time. The
old Romanian nobles cling desperately to their Orthodox
faith. Displaced by Roman Catholic Szeklers and Magyars, the
Vlachs (as the Romanians are known) have become serfs
working the lands their Hungarian overlords have usurped.
Breaking the old Romanian nobility has greatly weakened the
arrogant Tzimisce, who have long depended on their support.
A talented and intelligent Ventrue, Nova Arpad, has been
instrumental in this movement. The Szeklers' and Magyars'
success in subduing the native populace has greatly enhanced
Nova's reputation among her clan.

The Saxons support the Magyar rulers. Invited to settle in
Transylvania, many German peasants moved south to escape
heavy taxes and to gain the chance to become more than mere
serfs. In exchange for financial obligations to the western

kingdom, Saxon peasants gained hereditary titles. The head of
each village, for instance, gained the title of "Count" and was
entitled to a larger plot of land.

Seven great cities were founded by the Saxons. Notable
for their size, and for the creation of early castles and fortifica-
tions that made them more defensible, each city has risen to
prominence within its respective domain. This concerted
effort also resulted in the frequent use of German names for
Transylvanian cities. Thus, the "Siebenburgen" is a term that
applies to the seven cities as well as the castles within them.

One of the Siebenburgen was controlled by Nova Arpad,
who watched over six princes chosen from the region itself.
These seven Cainite princes allied and formed a coterie
known as the Council of Ashes a few generations ago.

The Tzimisce refused to acknowledge the authority of
this council; the invasion of the Hungarians was an affront,
peace with the Holy Roman Empire meant nothing to them,
and the growing power of the Szekler nobles threatened their
power base and their control over the Transylvanian peasants.
The Tzimisce lords maintained their domains, flaunting their
power despite the efforts of Western Cainites.

One domain remained fully under Tzimisce control. In the
city of Bistritz, far from western Hungary, Radu of Clan Tzimisce
maintained his fiefdom. Though openly disavowed as a traitor
by many of his Carpathian clanmates, this cunning diplomat
ensured that his allies learned of the Council of Ashes' activi-
ties. The information he discovered helped his allies to betray
the council, and within a few scant decades, it was disbanded.

Nova Arpad, despised by many of the council members, has
been captured by Transylvanian Cainite partisans allied with the
Tzimisce. A pretender, the Nosferatu Ruxandra, has taken her
place. Any Cainite willing to declare himselfasa prince recognized
by the Hungarian Ventrue becomes little more than a target.
Vengeful Tzimisce, crafty Usurpers, incendiary Brujah, outraged
Shadow Lords — there isnoshortage ofenemiesforthose whoseek
to impose their order on a land infested with chaos.

Formerly an area dominated by mountain fortresses and
a few small villages, Transylvania is acquiring a network of
trading settlements and trade routes linking it to the West. In
short, Transylvania is undergoing massive change — and
almost none of the prior residents will accept it withouta fight.

The main combatants, the Tzimisce, havea different battle
on their hands. Although Gangrel and Nosferatu stalk the wilds
of Transylvania, these lands are the Fiends' territories first and
foremost. Territorial to the extreme, the Tzimisce must lie in
their native earth when they rest. This earth sustains them even
as it infuses them with its poisonous emanations. Though the
youngest Tzimisce are little affected, their elders have spent
centuries bathing in these dark energies, leaving them no
choice but to defend their domains or die.

Staging ground for the Tremere-Tzimisce war that rages
throughout the region, Transylvania has little energy left to
fight off her conquerors from the West. Cainites journeying

A LAND BEDECKED IN DARKNESS


through the region are at risk from every side, never more so
than if they supposedly have a safe conduct. Mortals often
become fodder for the slaughter. Even traveling in large groups
is no guarantee against attack from one faction or another. All
the former boyars and peasants can do is lock their doors,
shutter their windows and pray the carnage passes them by.

Thus, the late 12th century in Transylvania is a time of
great turmoil. For ambitious Cainites who can act quickly, it
is still possible to secure control of a large domain. Compe-
tition is fierce, however. Wars between the Fiends and
Usurpers, rivalries between Cainites seeking control of the
remaining domains, and the continual threat of the Lupines
pose great hazards to those who desire to create kingdoms.
There is a chance to seize great power here, but there is also
great peril. Idealists who desire to conquer a divided land will
no doubt find their visions tested to destruction in
Transylvania by night.

BuULGARIA

Bulgarian history stretches back at least four millennia
before the birth of Christ, centering around the Black Sea coast
at Varna. Nomads from the steppes of Central Asia made homes
for themselves in this idyllic land of forested mountains, rich
valleys and lush plains. Nevertheless, the region's fertile fields
stood ripe for conquest by the armies of Alexander and, in turn,
the Roman Empire. Ventrue and Toreador arrived with these
conquerors but found the unsophisticated frontier of Bulgaria

inhospitable and the local Tzimisce downright hostile.

The Huns occupied Bulgaria after the fall of Rome,
eventually intermingling with Slavic tribes who entered the
region in the sixth century. This particular "mix" of peoples
produced a warlike, expansionist civilization, feared by the
western lands of Europe and by Constantinople as well. The
Usgri, as they called themselves, became known throughout
Europe as the "Bulgars."

The struggle to Christianize Bulgaria encompassed most
of two centuries and mirrored the clashes between Tzimisce
lords. Despite the conversion in 611 of the Bulgarian King
Kurt, the vast majority of people remained loyal to their
traditional deities. Casting an avaricious eye on the Byzantine
Empire, the pagan King Krum took advantage of the ongoing
battle between the Greeks and the Arabs in 811 to attack and
slay the Emperor Nicophororus. The late emperor's silver-
plated skull served as a drinking vessel for the victorious
Bulgarian ruler and enraged the armies of Constantinople.

The Greeks blockaded Bulgaria's coastal waterways 50
years later and succeeded in forcing the Bulgarians to adopt
their version of Christianity. A brief return to paganism by
King Vladimir near the end of the ninth century lasted until
the reign of Vladimir's brother, Simeon the Great. Simeon
incorporated the Christian religion into his scheme to forge
Bulgaria into a powerrivaling Constantinople. Under Simeon's
rule, the Bulgarian warriors, living up to their fierce reputa-
tion, drove the Magyars into what would become known as

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Hungary. From their fortresses in the mountains of Bulgaria's
interior, Tzimisce voivodes orchestrated the push to rid Bul-
garia of "foreign" (particularly Ventrue and Brujah) influences.

Attacks from Kiev during the 10th century weakened the
Bulgarians, so that eventually Constantinople asserted its
dominance over its warlike neighbor, bringing Bulgaria under
Byzantine rule in 1018. Thisact opened up Bulgaria once more
to influence by Cainites from outside the region, who now
found Byzantine Bulgaria more to their liking.

Byzantine rule has stifled Bulgaria's development as a
power, subsuming its culture and reducing the importance of its
religious leader. Little by little, Constantinople instituted changes
that bled Bulgaria's economy of potential wealth. Local customs
and language fell by the wayside or suffered active persecution,
while the Bulgarian aristocracy found itself displaced by nobles
imported from Constantinople, several of whom served Ventrue
and Toreador interests. The few native landowners allowed to
remain did so at the cost of their loyalty. Divisiveness among the
Tzimisce reached new heights at this time due to the diverging
political currents sweeping over Bulgaria.

Popular resentment against the Byzantine overlords grew,
sparking a series of rebellions beginning as early as 1040, with
the liberation of a large portion of Bulgarian territory by Peter
Delyan, known as the "tsar" of Bulgaria. Though his reign was
short-lived due to the treachery of greedy relatives and the
machinations of one faction of Tzimisce, he set a precedent
that would repeat itself throughout the remainder of the
century. Three more uprisings between 1072 and 1086 ended
in failure, but Bulgaria's point was made.

Bulgaria has seen a succession of bloody conflicts for most
of the 12thcentury. The armies of the First and Second Crusades
left their mark on the Bulgarian countryside as they tramped
across Europe to the Holy Land. Renewed barbarian incursions
from the eastern steppes threw the burden of defending Europe
and the Byzantine Empire wholly onto the backs of the Bulgar-
ians. Marauding Gangrel and packs of Silver Fangs from the
Russian lands harried the local Cainites for a good part of the
1100s. The struggle to preserve their lands and people from the
depredations of European and Asian raiders deflected further
attempts at throwing off the Byzantine yoke.

Constantinople, occupied by threats from the Seljuk
Turks and beleaguered by the advent of the crusaders en route
to Jerusalem, was unable to assist the Bulgarians in the defense
of their lands. Nonetheless, by the end of the century, the old
dreams of Bulgarian independence resurged as the native
aristocracy reasserted their warrior heritage and again began
an extended campaign to rid themselves of the Byzantine
yoke. Despite the divided sympathies of the Tzimisce, the push
for independence commenced.

Under the leadership of brothers Peter and Ivan Asen, the
Bulgarians initiated a new assault on their Byzantine masters
in 1186. Bulgaria currently stands on the verge of achieving its
dream. While some Tzimisce voivodes continue to support
Byzantium, others feel that only an independent Bulgaria will
ensure their continuing supremacy in the region.


LITHUANIA

The ferocity of the aurochs, boar and wolf which roamed
the forest was matched only by the stubborn resistance of the
human population to the unwelcome attention of neighboring
Christian armies.

— Rowell, Lithuania Ascending

In 1197, the geographic region of Lithuania is about tocome
under siege. Lithuania is one of the last pagan territories of
Europe, and Christian knights are eager to subdue Aistan tribes
that have lived there for millennia. Legends of barbarous pagan
practices will be used to justify the violent oppression of what has
been historically a very isolationist nation. The only crime the
Lithuanians are guilty of is holding religious beliefs different than
those of the Western Christians, but over the next few years, that
will be enough to earn them bloody retribution.

Many histories of Lithuania begin in the 13th century, for
the region will not be truly recognized as a kingdom until
around 1223. King Mindaugus, through intertribal marriage,
assassination and military prowess, will unify the Aistan tribes
at this time. The princes who are not defeated in battle or
married into his family will be exiled to Rus to conquer the
furthermost regions seized by the king. Facing outside opposi-
tion, however, he will later be forced to accept Christianity as
part of the Lithuanian religion. As with other kingdoms, this
will encourage discourse and diplomacy between his people
and other Christian nations.

However, this declaration will take a slightly different
cast in Lithuania than in, say, Hungary or Bulgaria. Accepting
the teachings of Christ within the Kingdom of Lithuania will
mean adding Him to their extensive pantheon. Incorporating
another deity into their practices and beliefs will prove much
easier than turning away from a system of belief that has
formed the basis of Lithuanian culture for countless centuries.
The worship of the old gods will not be abandoned. In
addition, Mindaugus's recognition of the Christian faith will
earn him favor with the Pope, who will grant him the right to
seize lands in Rus and further east in 1253. By 1260, however,
Mindaugus will renounce Christianity and his apostasy will
increase Lithuania's isolation from the West. Lithuania will
remain predominantly pagan for centuries.

Prior to the reign of Mindaugus, the territory of Lithuania
consists of a vast array of pagan tribes. While many of them
worship the same gods, the pagans have no central organiza-
tion behind their government. Customs vary greatly from one
region to another, and despite the claims of many Western
scholars that there isa central religious authority in Lithuania,
religious beliefs vary greatly from one domain to another.
There are, however, a few unifying aspects of the tribal lands
of Lithuania: They are one people, the Aistans, and they have
built their civilization over centuries.

The Aistan tribes lived on the shores of the Baltic Sea in
the 11th century and consisted of four main groups: the Old
Prussians, Yatvegians, Letts and Lithuanians. Most of these


tribes have since been annihilated. (The Old Prussians were
destroyed by the Teutonic Knights, the Yatvegians were
slaughtered by Eastern Slavs and Poles, and the Letts were
subjugated by the Livonian Order.) Isolated by the Baltic Sea,
extensive forests and elaborate marshlands, the Aistans had
little desire to migrate as far as many of the other ancient
tribes. Although they benefited from settling between the
great trade routes of the Vistula and the Dnieper, they had
limited contact with the outside world.

The first record of the name "Lithuania" used in a docu-
ment comes from Annales Quedlinburgenses, the work of a
German scholar in A.D. 1009. There are, however, written
records of the Lithuanian region dating back to the Roman
Empire. Several Roman scholars, including Tacitus, wrote of
the cultures of the Baltic region. Among other things, Romans
traded with the Aistans. Wax, furs, honey, saltand amber were
common trading items. The early Aistans were also known,
oddly enough, for their skill of beekeeping. During the later
years of the Roman Empire, the Aistans were subjugated by
Hermanaric, a Gothic king, but the conquest was relatively
short-lived. Trade continued, especially with other Finnic
tribes and the occasional Arabic or Greek merchant.

Inthe eighth century, the region now knownas Lithuania was
brought to Charlemagne's attention. His intent was to spread
Christianity throughout Europe, and he sought more information
on peoples outside his empire's grasp. Accordingly, he demanded

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

more information on the populace living on the northern shores of
the Baltic. His scouts brought back reports of the Lithuanians, but
Charlemagne's grip never extended into Lithuania.

The Vikings posed a far more immediate threat. They
ravaged the Baltic coastafter the year 800, launching their attacks
on Aistan territories froma series of outposts along the Baltic Sea.
Much of theiractivity involved securing control over the mouth
of the Dvina River and lands near the Dnieper, where Viking
colonists protected their most frequent trade routes to Byzantium
By the turn of the millennium, however, all of the Vikings'

outposts along the Baltic shores had been destroyed.

As with the Balkan nations, Lithuanian advancements in
agriculture brought about a feudal system of government.
Fallow farming and animal husbandry increased the yield of
plants and animals in the early 10th century, and the introduc-
tion of the potter's wheel made it easier to store foodstuffs.

Hill forts were used to defend the lands of farming com-
munes, as they were easy to erect and defend. Stockpiles of
kindling were often kept on nearby hilltops for signal fires.
When these bonfires were lit, families and livestock would be
led into the hill forts or driven into the woods. Some of the
largest fortifications were quite extensive and sometimes sev-
eral were interconnected to facilitate communication or to aid
in escape from one to another. Secret passageways, networks
of tunnels and submerged stone bridges leading across rivers
and lakes made traveling between hill forts easier.


The Lithuanians' agricultural society was built around
the farms and castles of elite warriors. The "kunigai" (dukes)
and "bajorai" (noble servitors) were the strongest and wealthi-
est defenders of the land. Several families would unify under
an elective leader during times of war. Regional leaders could,
over time, become "kunigaikstis" (princes). (In fact, there
would be over 20 of these princes by the early 13th century.)
Aswith other nations, their wealth had a price: the obligation
to raise armies to defeat invaders.

A kunigas was often both a military and religious leader.
The title means "priest" today. As with other pagan societies,
the prince-priest had to be fierce in battle and wise in the ways
of the world. The chief of the warrior princes, the grand duke,
functioned as a high priest in addition to serving as a political
leader. A bajoras was a soldier and farmer, and typically
protected a large tract of land. By comparison, ordinary
"ukinikas" (freemen) did not hold as much wealth or land.
They paid taxes to the grand duke, and they were obligated to
go to war with their own weapons, assist in the repair of hill
forts, and perform guard duties. Through hard work, a freeman
could become a bajoras. Bankrupt farmers became bondsmen,
paying off their debts by farming the lands of the bajorai to
whom they were indebted.

This feudal system of the Lithuanian princes was sorely
tested over the next few centuries. As the regions became
more prosperous, the Aistans were raided again by Northmen,
including Swedes and Varangians. Lithuania was also invaded
by the feudal armies of Poland and Rus from the 11th century
onward. Over the next two centuries, before the reign of
Mindaugus, invaders would come from both East and West.

To the East, enterprising Scandinavian merchants
organized the local Slavs in the later part of the ninth
century. Their loose political alliance formed the structure
of Rus and they established their capital at Kiev. To secure
the safety of their trade routes, Kievan rulers launched a
series of military expeditions against the Aistans. Vladimir
of Rus defeated the Yatvegians in 983 and routed them to
their easternmost territories in 1038 and 1040. By 1044,
Yaroslav attacked the Lithuanian Aistans and founded a
settlement nearby. When Yaroslav died in 1054, however,
the Ruthenian state (that is, the territories of Rus) disinte-
grated into small principalities.

Despite their success against other Aistan tribes, the
Slavs of the East (and their Tzimisce parasites) constantly
quarreled, which prevented their unity against the
Lithuanians. In fact, it was not uncommon for the Easterners
to enlist the aid of the Lithuanians in settling their disputes.
As an example, Volodar Glebovich of Novgorod asked for
the aid of the Lithuanians against the dukes of the Principal-
ity of Polock in 1159 and 1162, but in 1180, it was Vsevolod
of Polock who asked for Lithuanian aid against Novgorod.
As aresult of the gradual disintegration of power in the East,
the Lithuanians assumed the rule of all of the Aistan peoples
and began to abandon their defensive policies set up against

the Eastern Slavs. Novgorod and Polock countered this by
entering into a mutual assistance pact against Lithuania, but
they will be defeated in 1198.

Many of the written accounts of Lithuania prior to the
reign of Mindaugus have been skewed by a Western bias.
Medieval scholars found it easy to portray the pagans of the
Baltic region either as a threat to the Christian way of life or
as a primitive and violent people. This belief was not shared by
all scholars, however. One account that remains of Lithuanian
culture was written by Peter of Dusburg, an early 14th-century
scholar. He speaks of the Balts' virtue: They do not covet
wealth, nor do they dine on fine foods; they do not succumb to
decadent luxury; they show their guests humility; they drink
pure water, mead and milk; no one is allowed to endure
poverty; the poor and needy are welcomed; and murder is
punished by a lex talionis. His account shows many
stereotypically "Christian" values and is written in a style to
shame the medieval Western reader.

However, some of Peter's details are questionable. He
states that the pagans of Lithuania practiced polygamy, despite
the fact that there is no evidence of it. In addition, he also
continued the legend of the Krivé, a "pagan pope" who was the
central religious authority of the Lithuanians. This high priest
tuled allegedly from a temple or city known as Romuva,
though no evidence of this locale has been found. Although
many of Peter's other ideas would be ignored, this legend of a
hidden high priest would continue for centuries.

After their conversion of the Poles in the early 10th
century, religious Europeans began to concentrate more of
their resources on converting the Aistans. Adalbert (the
Bishop of Prague) and Bruno of Magdeburg are known as the
first missionaries to the region. Adalbert entered the lands of
the Old Prussians, but his efforts led to his martyrdom in 997.
Bruno was appointed by Pope Sylvester II as the apostle to the
pagans of the north, but he was put to death by the Yatvegians
in 1009. Resolute in their beliefs, the Aistans did not welcome
the proselytizing of the Christians.

Those who followed suffered the same fate as Adalbert
and Bruno. Meinhard, from St. Augustine's Monastery at
Sieberg, spent 12 years trying to Christianize the Livs and
Letts, but he was killed in 1196. Bishop Berthold, his successor,
declared that conquest should precede conversion, Although
he will die in battle in 1198, this declaration demonstrates the
prevailing attitude many Christians have toward Lithuanian
pagans in the Dark Medieval era: If they will not convert of
their own free will, they must be forced to do so.

The baptism of the Lithuanian pagans will be enacted
through the sword at the turn of the century. Within a few
scant years, German crusaders will establish a fortress in
Lithuania, and one crusader, Albert, will establish the Fratres
Militiae Christi, the "Brothers of Soldiery in Christ." They will
wage war against the pagan peoples of the Eastern Baltic to
subdue them and force their conversion. In the Dark Medieval
world, the assault on Lithuania has just begun....

A LAND BEDECKED IN DARKNESS


KIEVAN Rus

Occupied since Neolithic times, the site which would be
known in medieval timesas Kiev served asa center for trade along
the Dnieper River. An ancient Slavic settlement flourished in
this geographically central areaas early as the second century B.C.
The area's abundant grain and wood made it an agricultural
paradise, while plentiful game and iron for making weapons
provided everything the people needed to survive and prosper.

The actual date for the founding ofa city knownas "Kiev" (or
Kiyv) is 482, according to legend. Kiy, the prince of the Eastern
Slavic tribe known as the Polians, is considered the founder of the
city. Three brothers — Kiy, Khorev, and Shchek — along with
their sister Lybid brought their tribe to the area and settled there,
raised a city on the spot and named it for the eldest brother, Kiy.

The town served as a waystop along the caravan routes
from Central Asia and asa well-defended part of the "Varangian
Road" —the waterways that Vikings passed either on their way
to trade with or raid Byzantium. The areaalso became a crossing
place for the many barbarian hordes that journeyed from East to
West. Scythians, Huns, Avars, Magyars and Bulgarians all
passed through the lands claimed by Kiev, moving westward to
claim territories that would become Eastern Europe.

Allying with similar towns (such as Novgorod Smolensk,
Suzdal and, later, Moscow) that stretched beside the Asian
trade route and the Dnieper River route, Kiey became the
center of a loose confederation of principalities, growing in
prominence due to its strategic importance in maintaining the
trade route to the Black Sea. Varangian traders, known to the
Slavs as "Rus," utilized the river to transport goods (and booty).

Kiev had long been established as the center of agreatstate
when the Varangian Dynasty took the throne in the ninth
century. Recognizing Kiev's importance, the Vikings (led by
Prince Rurik of South Jutland) conquered Novgorod in 862.
Rurik's son, Oleg, then captured Smolensk and Kiev. Accord-
ing to legend, the Slavs of the area cried, "Our lands are rich and
great, but there is no order in them. Come and rule over us."
While it is doubtful that this actually happened, Oleg used it as
his claim to the kingship, proclaiming Kiev his new capital and
"the mother of all Russian cities." Thus was born the state of
Kievan Rus. Evidence exists that even as far back as the ninth
century, many of the Eastern Slavs of the area were called
Ukrainians. Though thatname would be subsumed by the name
"Russians," the area would not only be called Kievan Rus, but
would also remain known to many as the Ukraine.

The Varangians were few in number and quickly adopted
many Slavic customs, merging with the people they now ruled.
Among the customs were religious beliefs, especially the
worship of the Slavs' pagan gods. Their cultures merged, with
the Slavic one preeminent. The Russians benefited culturally
and educationally from their later contact with Byzantium.

The people of Kiev have also been contacted by forces
more sinister than Byzantium. Wild Gangrel roam through the
deep forested portions of the country. Most Gangrel avoid

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

contact with mortals, but some unlucky travelers have fallen
prey to them. Entire caravans often disappear as packs of
Nosferatu, childer of the accursed hag Baba Yaga, fall on them
in the wastelands. Tzimisce were attracted to Kievan Rus by the
area's wealth and the possibility of adding to their domains; they
have chosensome Rus to become ghoul families or to receive the
Embrace — mostly because of the Russians' growing sophistica-
tion and education (the result of contact with Constantinople).

CkRAINIAN EASTER Ecos
One popular practice among the Ukrainian pagans was
the elaborate decoration of eggs via a wax-and-dye process.
Part of the spring rituals ofhese'sun worshippers, the eggs,

calledpysanka, were associatedlafith the sun'schosenanimal,
the bird. Considered sout ar
symbols from nature were
magic to binda horrible "se:

J
were loosened/sime
created or shoaldall

life, eggs decorated with

ic ved to be endowed with the
At'of destruction" —prevent-
world. It was said the serpent
¢éhow many pysanka
Sooo chains

var Rus, the Church
e eternity of Christ,
translating the sprigp fea \intd%ts own celebration of
Easter. The "Easter eee" hun {nstitutedihy the serpent's
minions became a gam@played bychildren. During the
golden age of Kievan Ris. ftagile treasures become
popular trading goods, 9 bles (and Cainites) of
European lands payi eek ssums for the most
beautiful and plaborate CEES "a
There is aldarkerigde to this Al Some What the
"serpent" spoken of inthe story isfjone other thay the
terrible hag, Baba Yagaj She sleeps in torpor somewhere
in the vast territories $fithe Slavgand is "chained? until
shecana awakeh towreak havoc inthe world. Her vampiric
nature makes the sun anathemaff her; thus, the symbols
of the sun's chosen animal haye power over her. Those
e safetyof their homes say that
through prepafing and'decorating the egg with ancient
symbols, one can trapsome of the sun's light and power
inside it. The beg, therefore, becomes a potent magical
md damage on the hagand
t those i in possession of pysanka must
id) guid them carehully, for, by their very
mea the hag enchained-by light: Some
aga 'S pefichant for vestige ina
Dn eel ai to ele sun's holy

( € ralés, 4 hess satiny
that Baba' Yaga's childer haunt the lands of Kievan Rus,
preying on any unfortunate enough to cross their path.


Utilizing the great river, the cities of Kievan Rus staged
raids against Byzantium and Bulgaria. King Sviatoslav even
set up his throne in the capital of the Danuban Bulgarians
until he was routed out by John Tzimisces, the Byzantine
emperor, in 970. Trade flourished between Kievan Rus and
Constantinople, as each spring a flotilla loaded with honey,
fur, iron, grain, amber and slaves sailed down the Dnieper
River. In return, Russian merchants would bring home gold,
wines, spices and silks. In 957, Princess Olga of Kiev, regent
for her son Sviatoslav, accompanied the flotilla so she could
see Constantinople. She learned of the Christian faith and
was baptized in the Eastern Orthodox Church while there.

Although her son was too occupied by military con-
quests to bother with conversion, his son, Prince Vladimir,
invited members of several religions to meet with him so he
could determine which religion would be best for his
people. Fond of "women and indulgence," Vladimir quickly
rejected Islam because they required circumcision and
forbade the eating of pork and the drinking of wine. Juda-
ism was cast aside, too; even though they were flexible
concerning wine, they, too, required circumcision and
abstinence from pork. The Roman Catholic Church almost
succeeded with the prince by assuring him that pork, wine
and circumcision weren't part of their rites, but they failed
when they told him that fasting was required. Finally,
impressed by the richness and beauties of the churches of
Constantinople, Vladimir accepted the Eastern Orthodox
Church as the state religion for Kievan Rus in 988 (al-
though he failed to tell the patriarch of his several wives
and harem). His subjects were baptized in the river en
masse. Construction of the Desyatynna Church (Church of
the Tithes) began the next year.

In 1019, Prince Yaroslav the Wise ascended to the
throne. His promotion of culture and education through-
out Kievan Rus led to a golden age. Construction on St.
Sophia's Cathedral started in 1037, a code of law known as
Rus' Law was compiled and put into practice, and the
Golden Gate of Kiev was constructed. The Monastery of
the Caves was built in the hills south of the city in 1051. It
developed into the most important religious center in
Kievan Rus. Kiev's craftsmen were renowned for their
delicate, tasteful works. Kiev became one of the richest and
most sophisticated cities of Europe, far more cultured than
most of its Eastern European neighbors. As the primary
trading center between the Baltics, Western Europe and
Constantinople, the city amassed vast treasures.

The city's grandeur brought it fame and esteem. Three of
Yaroslav's daughters married the kings of Norway, France and
Hungary. Yaroslav's successor married the daughter of King
Harold of England.

The political climate was not stable, however. The region
had always been beset by warfare among the many petty princes
who claimed lands within Kievan Rus. Though the accepted
form of succession was for elder brothers to inherit large shares
and younger ones to be given smaller ones, such inequality was
not appreciated by the younger sons of important families.
Rather than await an elder brother's death so that his portion
might pass to them, younger heirs began plotting assassinations,
uniting to take elder brothers' portions and staging battles
designed to oust current rulers. The crown was constantly
embroiled in one petty dispute after another. While the Prince
of Kievan Rus was occupied with putting down rebellions, the
principalities surrounding Kiev began making inroads into the
city's lucrative trade, amassing wealth of their own.

Jealousies between rival Lupine packs and frequent raids
from Tzimisce also took their toll. Rival Tzimisce often "adopted"
particular towns or principalities as their protectorates. They
then unleashed their full fury on their rival's settlement, terror-
izing the populace, committing atrocities and leaving the
evidence fully displayed in gruesome "artworks," and looting
whatever treasures their rival's protectorate owned.

This evidence of supernatural attention greatly frightened
and unsettled the people. Some spoke of red-eyed demons flying
in the night. Others whispered that the hag's children were taking
their revenge. Indeed, mortals, Lupines and Cainites alike disap-
peared mysteriously often, brought by Baba Yaga's get.

The great Kingdom of Kievan Rus lasted only 150 years.
Plagued with bickering princes, its attentions wholly taken up
with trade interests, grandeur and cultural pursuits, Kiev was
aripe plum waiting to be picked. Andrey Bogolyubov, prince
of anortheastern territory called Suzdal, sacked Kiev in 1169.
Many Kievan citizens were murdered; others were sold into
slavery. Prince Andrey removed everything of value he could
carry with him, taking it northward, eventually to Moscow.

Kiev lay in ruins, her once proud gates twisted, her houses
shattered and burnt. In 1197, Kiev is still trying to recover from the
sacking. People are just beginning to repair what is left and build
anew. In many places, all that remains of glorious Kiev are husks of
houses left standing among fields of skulls and bones. The feel of a
graveyard hangs over Kiev in this time. Though the residents of
Kiev will make headway toward restoring some semblance of order
to their city, there is no prince in Kiev now. No one truly rules
except by force of arms. Most such robber-lords care little except to
take what they want and to keep others from doing the same to
them. Most of the Shadow Lords and Silver Fangs have moved
westward. A few Tzimisce, reluctant to part with their sport, still
raid denuded Kiev, but there is little left for them to take. The
peasants continue as best they can, some of them becoming
freemen farmersas their masters die or move away. And Baba Yaga's
children haunt the night, waiting for lone travelers to pass by.



opter Three:
Cities and
Settlements

of the €nst

dallen arnong these vwoofish fools your
glory voill be torn to shreds,

VOhile all that is not understood voill be
decried by voagging Tongues...

TPhey voill not cave for all the light

Your labour poured upon the voodd but
for the sins and every Aight

And hurman failing ther can find, and
every petty thing that must

ef ell the life a hapless days, of even
mortal child of dust.

- Eminescu


Like rare jewels strung on a necklace, the cities of Central
and Eastern Europe fan out across the breadth of the continent.
Linking East to West with their drunken spiderweb pattern, they
serve as bastions of civilization — and hence, as refuges for
Cainites — in a vast wilderland of barbarity. Most began as
outposts of Rome: garrisons or supply stations serving the soldiery
of the far-flung empire, though they now evince the character of
their Eastern conquerors. While they are accorded the courtesy
of beingnamedas cities, many are just emerging from their former
states as barbarian encampments, villages and towns, and they
are, consequently, in a condition of growth and change.

Beyond these enclaves lies wilderness: league upon league of
steppes, plains, forests and mountains, broken here and there by
crumbling relics of Rome's mighty, fallen empire. Remnants of
old roads, bridges, and long-deserted outposts, a rusting weapon.
ora broken pot stand mute witness to Rome's withdrawal in the
face of successive invasions. Some Cainites find themselves
trapped within these ruins, besieged by Lupines who wait forthem
to step outside the confines of the walled fortresses.

A few hardy Cainites — mostly Gangrel, Nosferatu and
Ravnos — brave the endless trek through Eastern Europe's
perilous wastelands. Most vampires conducting business out-
side their circumscribed spheres send mortal agents in their
stead. Even Cainites native to the region travel with great care
and surround themselves with heavily armed retainers when
they must leave their strongholds. The sensible ones stay
within their cities' protective grasp.

Inthe cities' stony walls, mortals have begun throwing off the
shackles of oppressive feudalism while Cainites wage age-old feuds.
Eastern pride battles Western arrogance as each struggles to assert
itself. Treaties are made and broken in a year — or a night — as
once-staunch allies turn to enemies and former foes offer alliance.
Old enmities die hard in these uncivilized lands, however, and
anyone who trusts a newly made ally is a fool. Mortals battle one
another on religious and ethnic grounds. The children of Caine's
hearts burn with vengeance for wrongs committed centuries ago
and ache from jealousy, greedily desiring the riches and power of
their neighbors. Dark passions overrule enlightened thought.

Cainites who live beyond the embrace of the cities either
band together for protection, as the Tremere do in their mighty
chantry of Ceoris (see Chapter Six), or exist as many Tzimisce
do—dominating several small settlements and villages as iron-
fisted overlords. Such Cainites find themselves battling even
more fiercely for the limited resources available.

And so, while the veneer of civilization lies atop Eastern
Europe, it never truly reaches within. Beneath the skin rests
the true barbarian heart, a savage soul as yet untamed and,
perhaps, untamable.

Like many other regions, the territories here fell beneath
the onslaught of the Roman legions. Always a civilizing force,
the Romans built roads and established settlements in Eastern
Europe just as they had in every other land they conquered.
Why, then, is Eastern Europe so unknowable and savage? The
answer is within the land itself.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

THE BLASTED REGIONS

Blessed with fertile plains, navigable rivers, abundant for-
ests and majestic mountains, the lands of the East appear to be
paradise. Beneath that rich beauty, however, lies a sickness that
infects every inch of the land—even as it imbues the earth with
a mystery and magic that drive successive waves of would-be
conquerors to possess it at all costs. Those who inhabit the lands
seem to prosper for a while, but even the strongest eventually
succumb to the miasma of corruption cloaking the earth.

Somewhere beneath the Old Country's soil lies the mid-
night-black heart of the demon Kupala. Each beat of this
mighty heart spews forth greater malignancy: hatred, bigotry,

LANGUAGES

Eastern Europe is an ethnically diverse region and

an accompanying potpourri of languages has sprung up
i ay have to learn

border if they

is an extremely

for ease of play

déd into three dialects:
hemia and Poland), East
ap regions), and South
Ad Macedonia). A dia-
nding complicated

es an Intelligence +
"his can be treated as an
's Dice Pool is above 6.

West Slavonic (spoke
Slavonic (spoken i
Slavonic (spoken i
lect must be cho
messages in other di
Linguistics roll (diffict
automatic feat if the

© Hungarian:
querors. Spoken in
© Romanian:

e re of the inhabitants of
the province of Pannon

Spoken in the eastern reaches

of what is currently the

one night be Romania)
* Baltic: A gen:

by tribes along the

Lithuania. Again, se

play purposes it is easiest f

tongue, more or less.
culty 5-7) might ben
when dealing with peop
the area where the lang:
© German: The |.
chants from the Holy Roi
tongue" for much of th

m of Hungary (and will

fopthe language/s spoken
and the Kingdom of
ects exist, but for game
imply treat them as one
» Linguistics roll (diffi-
id miscommunication

from a region different from
we was learned.

puage of settlers and mer-

Empire. A good "common
ion — though using it in

areas inhabited by partisan Slavs (or voivodes) is a good
way to get in a serious scrap.


IVTTRRNUUPRUMUMIRURUN DO INUULNN I RGU TT TNE) Does

VIENNA

ow

UAQUOUALAUVDMUUTAAA AMAA D AUG ATA

SULTTUIN UU

VIVVUVRNUUDNIAUANUNONICINIEROPLRNNULQUIUORCLOR
\ KRAKOW /* KIEV ad

SHH IINNEASTERN EUROPE THVT tis

>

PULLMAN

VMI

terror, unnatural desire, rage, corruption and infection. As if
the demon heart's presence alone did not subject the agonized
earth to enough pollution, lesser minions (known as kupalas
in honor of their master) overrun the region as well. Inhabit-
ing certain trees, caves and natural formations, they reach out
to strike at the unwary, infecting some, maiming others,
gleefully killing when the mood takes them. It is not unknown
for an entire village to fall prey to some unnamed plague or to
simply disappear some dark night. Not all depredations are
committed by the region's bloodsuckers; even Cainites fear
what they don't understand and have no way to fight.

However, the Cainites feel safe within sheltering walls.
Locked in secure havens, occupied with elaborate schemes
and political maneuvering, consumed by thirst, Caine's childer
play out their games of dominance. They simply prefer to
ignore the creeping malignancy beyond the walls. It puts their
minds to rest, and many believe it's safer that way.

BOHEMIA

Bite hungrily into the landscape and digest it, envelop it in
every drop of its blood.

— Antonin Slavicek, an artist of Prague

Nestled within the outstretched arms of the Holy Ro-
man Empire, Poland and Hungary, the tiny Kingdom of
Bohemia is located within a central basin protected by

surrounding mountains. The peaks are steep and heavily
wooded, though few reach higher than 4,000 feet. These
primeval forests, home to savage Lupine packs and barbaric
Gangrel, enclose Bohemia's few civilized enclaves.

Prague, the capital of Bohemia, defies the surrounding
wilderness. This city forms a center for learning, trade,
architecture, religion and magic that will someday earn it the
title "city of a thousand spires" and the position as the Holy
Roman Empire's capital.

PRAGUE

The brooding stone city of Prague incorporates five
ancient towns. The Vitava River (pronounced Valtava), a
tributary of the Elbe, bisects the city and provides Prague
with transportation, food — including salmon and dozens
of varieties of waterfowl — and water to power the city's
grain mills. Frequent floods plague the low-lying areas. To
combat them, construction of stone embankments has
been an ongoing concern, intended to shield the city from
yearly inundation.

The river separates Prague into five districts, each cor-
responding to an earlier settlement in the area and each
contained in its own dark walls. Only one bridge crosses the
Vitava, but the river freezes over during the three coldest
winter months (December through February), allowing cross-
ings by foot or on horseback.

aggre etdae AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


Prague Castle (Prazsky Hrad) rises in dark grandeur
from a promontory overlooking the western side of the
Vitava. Hradcany township, which grew around it, sprawls
to the north and northeast. Beneath the promontory,
shadowed by the ominous castle and reached by winding,
steep stairs, the Little Quarter (Mala Strana) — an area of
craftsmen and agricultural workers — occupies the land
that falls in hills down to the river's edge. On the opposite
shore, to the south, stands the imposing edifice of Vysehrad,
built on a rocky headland.

In the lowlands beneath Vysehrad sit three areas that
have been incorporated into the city only as recently as
1160. The first is the northernmost portion of the city,
known as the Jewish Quarter (Josefov), a labyrinthine maze
occupying a corner formed by the river's curve eastward. Just
south (upriver) of the Jewish Quarter is Old Town (Stare
Mesto), a bustling market area that houses the city's recently
constructed university. Furthest south is New Town (Nove
Mesto), a site that lies beneath the shadow of Vysehrad and
seeks to become the new center of trade. The stone fortifica-
tions of Old Town have currently taken shape, while New
Town is still contesting its sovereignty. Each area boasts a
distinctive feel, based on its residents, their occupations and
religious beliefs. Each also supports a Cainite who claims the
area and oversees its welfare, subject only to the approval of
the Ventrue prince, Rudolf Brandl.

Following fires that devastated various parts of the
city, all structures in Prague are now made of stone. Dank,
dark hovels crowd narrow, cobblestone streets while larger
dwellings huddle together in courtyards behind imposing
archways. Ponderous Romanesque architecture dominates,
with curved arches and heavy gates isolating various por-
tions of the city from each other. Although houses often
incorporate sconces into their outer walls, a few torches are
lit to help those who travel the city's twisting streets by
night. Dark pools of inky blackness give way to shadowy
light near the castles and inns of both Old and New Towns.

The castle and the outer portions of the Little Quarter
(to the west and south) are doubly fortified against incur-
sions by wolves, bandits and would-be conquerors.
Riverward, the walls are breached only at the crossings near
Judith Bridge. Old Town and the Jewish Quarter rest
within stone walls that are as strong, but not as high, as
those around Prague Castle, though New Town has yet to
complete its fortifications. Construction of the embank-
ments has raised the city some three meters higher than the
original Celtic settlements on which they rest.

In asmall area of New Town, anew church, utilizing
an entirely new style of architecture called "Gothic," is
being built. Its pointed arches and flying buttresses allow
its spire to soar heavenward. The style will become the
city's most recognizable feature within the next few
centuries, as thousands of airy spires rise overtop its
gloomy walls.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

DESCRIPTION

Prague is built on seven hills and straddles the Vltava like
a great stone spider. Most of the city is encircled by high walls,
including an imposing fortress on either side of the river. Judith
Bridge, an arching construction of gray stone wide enough for
six carts to travel abreast, links one side of the city with the
other. Goods coming up- or downriver are offloaded or counted
and taxed and hoisted up over the three-meter floodwalls forsale
in Old Town's market. Whether climbing upward from the
riverside or crossing over Judith Bridge, travelers must pass
beneath the guarded entry gates, thus either entering Old Town
(onthe east bank) or the Little Quarter (on the west). Old Town
lies on flatter land and her streets are broader than those of the
Little Quarter. Gateways in Old Town lead to the mazelike
streets of the Jewish Quarter to the northwest or out into the
unfortified and open areas of New Town to the south.

PraGUE CASTLE AND HRADCANY

Prague Castle is a sprawling, fabulously ornate fortress
that incorporates dozens of separate buildings, which are
connected by ill-lit, tiny passageways and staircases leading
from one level to another. Rooms in the castle seem to tumble
onto one another with no rhyme or reason — a trophy room
backs onto a bedroom that, in turn, hosts a spiral staircase
leading into a cellar below. Public rooms muddle against
private family rooms. Only a few scattered insignias identify
which labyrinthine hallways lead to the court or to the
courtyard outside. Staircases wind downward from the main
floor ontoa landing where a separate stairwell rises to another
level two stories above. A maze of rooms, apparently part of a
larger apartment, ends in a neglected tower that looks out over
battlements far below. And only those very familiar with the
castle can negotiate the hidden passageways that riddle the
walls, connecting one odd location with another.

Odd angles prevail throughout the structure. Strange
artwork depicting anguished faces, twisted limbs and crouch-
ing, demonic figures adorns the walls alongside friezes of
grotesqueries. Walls are hung with rugs intended to forestall
the chill that pervades the castle. Grandly decorated fireplaces
sit dark, no outlets for their smoke having been instituted,
while small, enclosed stoves provide heat for most internal
rooms in the castle.

The structure seems to have been designed and con-
structed by a madman. Yet, the Premysl family lives quite
comfortably in its stronghold, its members secure in the
knowledge that enemies must first find them inside before
committing foul deeds upon them.

St. George's Basilica and Convent can also be found inside
the forbidding stone walls that enclose the king's palace. The
basilica's massive twin towers rise behind the castle. Its gloomy
interior houses the tombs of several Premysl family members,
including that of Boleslav II, which rests behind an ornate grille.
Also within are the diminutive Church of Our Lady (a ninth-
century chapel built by Prince Borivoj) and the Rotunda of St.


Vitus, which houses the gilded and jeweled reliquary of St.
George's Arm. Once a year, at the feast of St. Vitus, "be-
nighted souls" (including a few Malkavians) are allowed in the
rotunda to attend the rites of madness.

Rows of tiny houses are built into the arches of the
castle's walls, some with stories no higher than three-feet
tall. Goldsmiths live in these diminutive places, working the
tiches produced by the mines of Bohemia's second city,
Brunn. Golden Lane, as the street is known, is rumored to be
filled with alchemists, all working to change lead into gold
for the Premysl family. In actuality, the city's alchemists live
and work in a quiet back alley in Hradcany. The Tremere
maintain asmall secret chantry on astreet nearby. The castle
and Golden Lane are patrolled at all hours by groups of
soldiers. Other guards man the White Tower and the Black
Tower, the entrances to the castle. Steep stairs run to the left
and right of the castle, leading down through the Little
Quarter to the river below.

A small town has grown up in the outer bailey of the
castle. Named Hradcany, this town is home to many craft
shops and those whose business is in the castle (minor nobles,
servants and guards). Also in Hradcany is Strahov Monastery,
founded in 1140 by the austere Premonstratensians. A center
of learning, the extensive monastery houses a famous library,
the finest in Bohemia (and many argue, in the world), in
which theological and philosophical works are stored. The
Strahov Gospel Book, a ninth-century manuscript covered
with jewels and golden depictions of saints and a crucifix, is
one of the most valuable books in the library. There are also
rumored to be darker works in the library: ancient fragments
of the Book of Nod, the Lilith Cycle, and Revelations of the Dark
Mother. The truth behind these rumors is unknown and the
Premysls refuse to comment.

Strahov Monastery shares orchard space with the
Cappadocian monastery on Petrin Hill, though the monks of
Strahov are blissfully unaware of the true nature of Abbot
Garinol Cappadocius.

LitTLE QUARTER

The Little Quarter begins just beneath the battlements
of Prague Castle, then spills down a series of hills to the
Vltava River. Its steep, narrow streets host the houses of
potters, jewelers, carpenters, wheelwrights, blacksmiths, vint-
ners and the vineyard workers and gardeners who work the
cultivated lands beneath Prague Castle. Because most of the
populace is illiterate, houses and shops both here and in Old
Town are identified with colored signs depicting either the
trade being practiced within or a symbol of the family in
residence. The Church of Our Lady Beneath the Chain is the
oldest in the quarter, built by Vladislav II and given to the
crusading order of the Knights of St. John. The heavily
fortified monastery that surrounds the church guards the
approach to Judith Bridge. Its name comes from the chain
used to close the monastery's gatehouse.

Three mills are located on Kampa Island, a portion of the
Little Quarter lying between the Vltava River and a smaller
branch of the river known as the Devil's Stream. The largest
of these mills is the Grand Prior's Mill, which grinds grain for
the castle occupants and the Knights of St. John. Gardens
flourish on the island, which is also used by the people of the
city for washing their clothes and bleaching linen.

The most recognizable location in the Little Quarter is
Little Quarter Square, originally a marketplace in the outer
bailey of Prague Castle. The market was divided when mer-
chants built shops in the center of the square. The lower
section became a place of punishment, holding gallows and
pillory. Bridge Street leads out of Little Quarter Square and
down to Judith Bridge. The Bishop of Prague maintains a
house ona quiet lane off Bridge Street with a view of Old Town
across the river. Near the southern boundary of the Little
Quarter, the Church of St. Lawrence rises on the site of a
former pagan shrine. Some of the Little Quarter's residents
whisper that secret pagan rites still occur in the church's
bowels on nights of the full moon.

The Little Quarter is nominally under a Cappadocian's
control, one reason so many churches flourish here. In actual-
ity, it is ruled by the Knights of St. John, who patrol the streets
and offer healing to those in need.

Od Town

Old Town came into being around a great central square
that has been used as a market since the 10th century. Old
Town Square forms the heart of this quarter, with churches
and houses radiating outward along a network of streets.
Although fortified, Old Town boasts 13 entrances, most
closed by towered gates when darkness falls. The southern-
most gates now lead to the unfortified New Town, while one
leads to Judith Bridge and another to the Jewish Quarter.
Though not under the shadow of Prague Castle as the Little
Quarter is, the dark stone of the high outer walls, coupled with
crooked, random streets, gives visitors and residents of Old
Town a feeling of claustrophobia. The structures tower over
the small houses below, bathing them in perpetual shadow.

Celetna Street, one of the oldest lanes in Prague, runs
from the eastern gate along the old trading route from eastern
Bohemia. Celetna is the name given to plaited bread rolls that
are baked on the street. Butchers can also be found on the
street; it is said that the ghost of a butcher wielding a fiery ax
can be encountered on Celetna Street on certain windy
nights. Nocturnal wanderers unfortunate enough to meet this
apparition are found headless in the morning. Celetna Street
meets Karlova Street, a twisting way lined with houses and
shops, the main route across Old Town. The Church of St.
Nicholas, located near the wall that encloses the Jewish
Quarter, serves as Old Town's meeting hall and parish church.

Newly constructed, the Great University of Prague prom-
ises intellectual stimuli long denied to the people of Eastern
Europe. Courses in Latin, religion, philosophy and the classics

CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


draw interested students from all over Europe, not just from
the lands to the east. It stands as a shining beacon of hope in
the dark, mysterious "city of magic."

JEWISH QUARTER

Two communities of Jews, one from the west, the other
from the Byzantine Empire, settled in Prague and gradually
merged into the northwest corner of the Vltava's right bank.
Although originally allowed to build their shops along the
roads leading down through Old Town and the Little Quar-
ter, most Jews were pushed into the small, walled ghetto by
the beginning of the 12th century. Walls were built to
enclose the marketplace and the maze of streets radiating
from it, cutting the Jews off from the rest of the city and
crowding them together. Shops and houses spread outward
from a central marketplace.

The Jews are forbidden to make purchases or sell any-
thing in the marketplaces of Old Town and the Little
Quarter. Further, the gates leading into the Jewish Quarter
are sealed shut on Sundays. Some of the Jews work fields
outside the walls, though many provide services ranging
from smithing to moneylending. Unlike Christians, Jews are
not forbidden to charge interest on the loans they make, and
a few residents are quite wealthy.

Raised ina tradition that emphasizes learning and knowl-
edge, many more Jews are literate than Christians. Several
scribes set up stalls in the Jewish market and do a thriving
business. Many scholars reside in the ghetto as well, a few of
them emerging when the gates open in the morning to walk to
the Great University where they teach. Most residents do not
walk abroad by night, though they are not certain of what they
fear. An air of mystery and melancholy hangs over the Jewish
Quarter, affecting visitors and residents alike.

Two buildings form the heart of the Jewish Quarter. The
first is the Old Synagogue, which rises from the center of the
ghetto, towering over the nearby houses and shops. Con-
structed of pale cream-colored stone, its interior is decorated
with carvings, bronze standing chandeliers and silver-gilt Torah
shields. It provides a place of worship for Jews of the western
rites, whose homes and shops surround it. A cozy home near the
synagogue houses the western Jews' spiritual leader, Rabbi
Mordecai ben Judah. Angered by the persecutions of Prague's
Christians and the Cainites who feed on his people, Rabbi ben
Judah, a great scholar, Kabbalist and talented magus, has
created a golem and set it to patrol the ghetto by night. This
mindless, living manikin is capable of prodigious feats of
strength. Given life by the mystical clay tablets placed in its
mouth, the golem obeys Rabbi ben Judah's commands — for
now. Unknown to the rabbi, the golem is actually powered by
a minion of Kupala, a demonic spirit that prompts the golem
to murder any Christian unfortunate enough to enter the
ghetto at night. The golem is barely under the rabbi's control
and becomes more independent each night. Another force
watches over the ghetto as well: Josef Zvi, the Nosferatu.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

The second noted building is Prague's first synagogue,
which is known as the Stara Skola or Old School. The Stara
Skola forms the core of community for Jews of the eastern
rite, who still live strictly apart from their western counter-
parts. The Old School is Moorish in appearance, somewhat
like the Alhambra. Like the Old Synagogue, it stands out in
the otherwise heavy, dark city.

On the boundary of the ghetto is the Jewish Cemetery.
Weather-worn gravestones attest to its age. Gnarled trees
drape their branches over parts of the uneven ground, in
some places touching the gravestones, which are mixed up
together in an arrangement as labyrinthine as the streets of
the Jewish Quarter. Because there is so little room for the
cemetery, graves are placed one atop another. The graves
may not be dug up due to religious law. Dirt is brought in and
a new layer added as needed, creating an ever-growing
mound of hillocks. Old gravestones are moved to the new
height and placed as close as possible to their original sites,
thus creating a confused, chaotic jumble.

Disguised as a forgotten grave near the eastern edge of the
cemetery, a hidden stairway leads down into the haven of the
Jewish Nosferatu, Josef Zvi.

VYSEHRAD AACROPOLIS

This wooded outcropping of stone drops along its west-
ern face to become a sheer rock wall lining the river. Atop it
stands Vysehrad, Prague's second fortified castle. Defensive
walls snake their way down the sheer cliff face, and the rock
is riddled with caves that have been connected via carved
tunnels and underground rooms. Originally built of brick,
the castle has received an overlay of cut stone since its
construction. Though used as a residence and court during
the 11th century, parts of the old castle are now ruined, and
most wisely leave it in peace. No Cainites are allowed in
Vysehrad by decree of Prince Rudolf, a restriction that has
piqued the interest of quite a few of them.

One branch of the Premys! family still lives there —
those directly responsible for maintaining the Tzimisce
Shaagra while she lies in torpor. Weird lights, sounds,
moans and disappearances have all been reported in the
vicinity, leading many citizens of Prague to believe
Vysehrad is haunted. Others whisper that the "mad" fam-
ily members have been locked away in Vysehrad so they
can't harm the rest of Prague. Some say that the Premysls
worship the Devil here in horrible rites — eating human
flesh, drinking blood, and sacrificing children who have
been kidnapped and sold to them by the Jews. People
shudder in fear and revulsion when the shadow of the
castle falls over them. It is said that the shadow alone can
make one foam at the mouth and run mad.

Curiously, this castle of terror shares space with three
holy places: the Basilica of St. Lawrence, the twin-spired
Church of St. Peter and St. Paul, and the small Romanesque
St. Martin's Rotunda.


New Town

Hardly deserving of the name "town," this area encom-
passes three market squares and the grand plans to expand
around them. Little is currently here beyond a horse market,
some blacksmiths, wheelwrights, tanners and brewers. A
glassmaker has recently come to the area. His creations,
known as Bohemian glassware, are in great demand. A few
lonely houses brave the night outside the fortified city, but
most who work in New Town retire to homes in Old Town
before dark. Prince Rudolf Brandl hopes to make this area the
new center for trade in Prague; he seeks to undercut both his
Premysl masters and the Brujah Ecaterina, who is gaining
more control of Old Town.

Architects and craftsmen from France (seeking new
outlets for their talents) have recently moved to Prague.
They are building a glorious church with King Otakar I's
funding that will "reach Heaven itself." Utilizing new
architectural techniques only recently invented, they are
constructing the Church of the Holy Virgin in the new
Gothic style. The church will occupy pride of place, along
one whole side of the central marketplace. Flattered by
Prince Rudolf's assertions that the city can be guided only
by a strong and involved ruler, King Otakar himself has
drawn up plans for wide, straight streets that fan outward
in a circle from the central markets. If his plans are
followed, New Town may one day become a center of art
and beauty.

BEYOND THE WALLS

Gangrel lurk in the forest surrounding the city. Lupines
infest the forests, tearing asunder any Cainite or hapless
mortal they can catch. The Gangrel, angry at civilization's
encroachment on lands they claim as theirs, hunt down any
Cainite unlucky enough to be caught in the woods. While the
Lupines kill Cainites outright, the Gangrel feed off Cainite
vitae to make themselves stronger so they may one night tear
down the city and retake the land.

To the west of the Little Quarter, Petrin Hill towers
over Prague. Over 900 feet high, it was originally used as a
place of sacrifice to the Slavonic god Perun. The rocky hill
is deeply forested. The southern side of Petrin Hill is held
by Garinol Cappadocius, who has built a monastery atop it.
Surrounded by forests of hornbeam, oak, maple, beech and
chestnut, the monastery houses several mortal brethren
who have carved out vineyards and orchards below the
simple chapter house. Many fungi grow in the dark forest
there (providing the basis for medicines, poisons and po-
tent narcotics).

Following savage Lupine raids on the monastery, the
monks have planted large patches of wolfsbane in damp,
shaded areas around their fields and dwelling. The wolfsbane's
purple flowers, enhanced by the magic within the land itself,
protect the area from Lupine incursions.


PoLiTIcs AND RELIGION

Bohemia struggles to retain its autonomy despite pres-
sures from (and alliances with) the German Empire. Although
a part of the Holy Roman Empire, Bohemia is still viewed as
something of an outsider to European affairs. Suspicions that
Bohemia still harbors a barbarian way of life beneath its facade
of civility keep the realm from being completely accepted by
Western Europe. It is ironic that Western Europe is right.

Dependent on trade with the West, Prague must attract
and keep any merchants it can. Many German merchants have
settled in Prague alongside the more numerous Slavonic trad-
ers. Jews are allowed to own shops and trade with anyone they
choose as long as they keep their business inside the ghetto and
pay their taxes to the crown. Though the Germans originally
paid tithes for the privilege of trading in the city, the merchants
staged a blockade in 1176, forcing concessions from the crown.

The Roman Catholic Church is the state religion, but
despite the myriad of churches found throughout Prague, the
city remains a hotbed of paganism. Various heretical sects
hold their rites in hidden areas throughout (or just outside)
the city. Missionaries who follow the eastern rites still
secretly come to Prague, meeting with influential traders and
hoping to win back the city for the Orthodox Church.
Though the Jews are protected by order of the crown,
frequent baitings and beatings take place near or just inside

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

the ghetto. Many otherwise intelligent people believe that
Jews eat children or perform black rites dedicated to the
Devil. These beliefs are unfortunately spurred on by the
feeding practices of Josef Zvi, the Nosferatu who inhabits the
Jewish Quarter. Even those who do not give credence to such
stories think the Jews are responsible for killing Christ.

Despite the subversive influence of the Ventrue puppet
prince, Prague's people are curiously independent and free
thinkers. The university has attracted scholars who dis-
seminate new philosophies (and will in the 15th century
have as its rector Jan Hus, the reformist cleric and a
religious free thinker revered throughout Bohemia). None-
theless, when night falls and the dark streets are nearly
deserted, the people of Prague think twice before setting
foot outside the safety of their homes.

LIFE IN THE CiTy

Like most cities, Prague awakens at dawn and closes at
dusk. Shops open and wares are displayed in market squares
soon after the sun rises. Farmers begin their trek to the fields
outside the city just before sunrise, after a meal of boiled grain
ora little bread and lard accompanied by new beer, sour wine
or honeyed milk. Tales of nocturnal terror keep most resi-
dents from daring the streets alone even in the few minutes
of false dawn that herald true sunrise. Craftsmen begin their


days almost as early, rising and preparing their day's work.
Bakers have been up since the wee hours, stumbling down-
stairs in the dark to light their ovens and knead the dough,
and the smell of their freshly baked bread greets the day.
Housewives sweep and clean their houses while younger
women take the laundry down to Kampa Island. Bells toll out
across the city, summoning the faithful to Mass.

Wagons drawn by oxen or sturdy horses enter through
the just-opened gates of Old Town. Some carry gold and
silver sent to the capital from the city of Brunn. Plenty will
be worked into fine jewelry and ornamentation; much more
will be traded to the rest of Europe. Others hold low-grade
iron. Merchant ships docked alongside the Little Quarter or
Old Town unload their cargoes or stand ready for a customs
official to collect the city's toll. Guards who stood watch
through the dark hours breathe thankful sighs for surviving
another night when their relief arrives at dawn. Ambassa-
dors, merchants, traders, farmers, vintners, crafters, students,
priests and children all crowd the streets, jostling together in
the winding, narrow passageways between the more open
squares. A man placed overnight in the pillory while await-
ing the attention of the crown is found dead, his face
chalk-white and a small drop of blood on his shirt. Some
whisper that it's God's judgment; others say the Devil walks
the streets of Prague by night.

The city closes down in midday when everyone eats their
large meal for the day and rests for an hour or so. Most shops
close and market vendors cover their stalls, paying children to
watch over their goods or leaving apprentices to act as guards.
When night falls, most folk retire to their homes. Lights are
doused after a meager meal, and the people of the city sleep
behind shuttered windows and stoutly barred doors.

The daily routine is broken by several religious festi-
vals throughout the year, and several activities come to a
halt during winter. People whose main livelihood depends
on agriculture engage in other pursuits during these cold
months, carving wooden chests or utensils or working in
fine embroidery.

But, some areas remain awake during much of the night.
Prague Castle keeps late hours, scheduling evening meetings
with diplomats and petitioners. Elaborate feasts are occasion-
ally held atthe castle, and the flickering lights burn throughout
the greater part of the night. Furthermore, many members of
the Premysl family travel abroad during the dark hours,
visiting places of ill repute (brothels, drinking houses and
gambling dens). Some claim they attend heretical rites. Most
people attribute this to the Premysl family's eccentricity; few
believe the king himself might indulge in such pastimes.

Vysehrad has a particularly black reputation. Citizens
have grown used to seeing and hearing strange things from the
fortress at all hours. Other sites in the city have their share of
reported noises and lights. Most folk believe these are cults
meeting at an hour everyone else lies in bed. One building on

asmall sidestreet in Hradcany keeps late hours as well, though
this secretive Tremere chantry takes pains not to let the
neighbors see light shining from the windows.

A few inns cater to late arrivals. The most notable is the
Inn of the Four Stags, which lies near the city walls in Old
Town. Travelers must assure the gate guards of their harmless-
ness before being allowed in, however. Otherwise, they must
waitat the gate until morning. Some who must wait overnight
are nowhere to be found when the morning mists evaporate.
Whispers of vampyr, werewolves and demons follow such
disappearances like storm crows.

PEOPLE

Prague is ostensibly a free city to both mortals and Cainites.
Allare welcome to its environs as longas they adhere to the laws
of the king (and the prince). The city is a bustling center for
trade and renowned for its newly constructed university — yet
underneath it all, Prague harbors a reputation for evil. Whether
the result of alchemists working in secret creating gold and
elixirs of life or because of the nebulous, yet discernible, feeling
of corruption engendered by the Premysl family, Prague attracts
an odd assortment of mortals, Cainites and other denizens.
Almost anyone could be met in Prague.

Mortals

Otakar I: The most important mortal in Prague is argu-
ably her ruler, King Otakar Premysl, who rules from Prague
Castle. As the first acknowledged king of the Czechs, ruler of
Bohemia and Prague, Otakar's decisions affect not only the
city, but also other parts of the Holy Roman Empire. Although
rumors proliferate concerning the eccentricities of the Premysl
family, no one speaks openly against the king. Otakar's chief
worries are to keep trade moving briskly in the kingdom and to
guard against the avarice of the empire, which has tried to
undermine Bohemia's independence — most recently by
attempting to have the Archbishop of Prague (amember of the
Premys! family) declared unfit for the position.

Otakar is ambitious — he wishes nothing less than for
Prague to assume a position as the chief city of the Holy Roman
Empire. Nothing — not even the perversions of his family or
their Cainite masters — will come between the king and his
goal. To this end, he wishes to minimize the involvement of
Libussa and her torpid mistress. Otakar is clever and well aware
of the city's nocturnal denizens; Cainites who dismiss the king
as "merely another mortal" may well find themselves the
victims of a rude awakening.

Libussa: Although she hardly counts as "mortal" anymore,
Libussa, whose death was faked centuries ago, remains the
Tzimisce Shaagra's attentive servant and ghoul. Unbelievably
strong after centuries of feeding from the sleeping Methuselah,
she is a major power behind the throne. The struggles between
Libussa and the irritatingly strong-willed Otakar trickle down
into the doings of the Premysls as a whole. Libussa believes, as
does most of her family, that she could take on many Cainites

CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


and win. Libussa occasionally walks the streets — sometimes by
day, but more often by night. Pale as the moon, with waist-
length wheat-straw hair, she might be found almost anywhere,
watching and listening to the pulse of her city. Should anyone
threaten Shaagra, Libussa would instantly know. The revenant
Premysl, having recently received the command from Libussa,
have been picking off any Tremere found in the city and feeding
them to their Methuselah, who shows signs of awakening.

Rabbi Mordecai ben Judah: A community leader in the
Jewish Quarter, Kabbalist and magus, Rabbi ben Judah is also the
creator of the golem, a manlike creature of greatstrength. Though
not affiliated with any magical tradition, the rabbi is aware that
other mages visit and reside in the city. He is particularly
concerned since his discovery that some members of the Order of
Hermes' House Tremere have apparently become "undead."
Primarily involved with the safety of the Jewish Quarter, he is
considering speaking to the king regarding these vampyrs. Mean-
while, he guards his own home, placing garlic at the doors and
windows and spreading salt on the window sills.

Grand Prior Pierre de Varreau: Leader of the Knights of
St. John in Prague, this French knight has traveled to the Holy
Land and throughout much of Western Europe. A grizzled
veteran, the surprisingly well-educated de Varreau takes his
monastery's duty seriously as guardians of Prague's left bank. He
insists on regular arms practice to keep his men in shape and
oversees patrols through the Little Quarter to keep the peace. A
man of True Faith (as are a few others under his command), he
has a knack for showing up wherever trouble is brewing. He has
even been known to lead armed contingents through the streets
after dark, in response to strange noises or screams. The knights
under his command are the true tulers of the Little Quarter.

PoLAND

Awake! The day is coming now

That brings the sweat of anguish to the brow

Of Christians, Jews, and Pagans all!

... The sun no longer shows

His face; and treason sows

His secret seeds that no man can detect.

— Sir Walter von der Vogelweide, "Awake!"

In Malopolska, or Lesser Poland, the city of Krakow has
emerged as a focus for trade as well as the core of learning and
religion. The landscape of rolling plains gives way to the
Carpathian foothills southward from Krakow and culminates
in the breathtaking Tatra Mountains. The Tatras form the
border between Hungary and the lands of Poland. This is a
land of severe winters and blazing summers.

KRAKOW

A great dragon once terrorized the village that sat atop
Wawel Hill, north of the Tatra Mountains, according to the
legend. In order to keep their lives and livelihood, the people
who lived beneath the monster's shadow had to sacrifice a

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

maiden once a year to feed the beast's hunger. The king of the
land promised his daughter in marriage and half of his kingdom
to the one who could slay the dragon and end its threat.
Answering the call, an enterprising cobbler named Krak filled
a lambskin with a mixture of salt and sulfur and tricked the
dragon into eating it. Crazed by thirst caused by the salt, the
beast hurled itself into the waters of the Vistula, where the
sulfur caused the dragon to explode. The cobbler received his
reward and the village saved by his ingenuity called itself
Krakow, in his honor.

From its beginnings as a trading settlement on the Vistula in
the 10th century, Krakow grew into a bishopric by A.D. 1000.
Krakow's consecration as the Polish capital in 1083 catapulted it to
prominenceand drew the attention of many rival Cainites. Within
its protective walls, a Tzimisce prince seeks alliances that will help
her unite Poland once again, while her Ventrue rivals, under the
guise of encouraging trade with Western Europe, plan her downfall.

DESCRIPTION

Imposing stone walls, rising more than five meters in height,
enclose the city of Krakow, serving as its chief protection from the
dangers that lurk outside its boundaries. Inside its walls, however,
other dangers threaten the mortal and immortal population.

WaweEL HILL

Wawel Castle, along with its adjoining cathedral, sits
atop Wawel Hill, in the southernmost portion of Krakow. This
enormous complex towers above the city and symbolizes both
temporal and spiritual power. Erected on the site of fortifica-
tions from the eighth century, both castle and cathedral
command the attention of all who enter the city. Wawel
Castle isa rectangular structure that houses more than 70 halls
arranged around a courtyard, framed on all sides by graceful
arcades. The cathedral also reflects power in its ornate facade,
to which stonemasons continually add more elaborate orna-
mentation. Castle and cathedral remain under constant
construction, growing grander and more complex with each
passing year.

A cave at the foot of Wawel Hill bears the name Smocza
Jama, or "Dragon's Den," and reportedly marks the home of
Krakow's legendary dragon. In fact, it serves as the secret
haven for Razkoljna, the Cainite Prince of Krakow.

CENTRAL KRAKOW

The Rynek Glowny, in the center of the city, stands as
medieval Europe's largest marketplace. As the nexus of daily
life and trade, it bustles with booths where tradesmen ply their
wares. Although most of the sellers close down at sunset, a few
vendors — some of them ghouls — remain open into the
evening, when the city's Cainite masters use this area for their
own purposes.

Near the Rynek Glowny is Krakow's tavern district,
where visitors to the city can find lodging during their stay and
the locals can spenda few hours in relaxation at the end of their


daily routines. These establishments vary in quality from
execrable (but affordable by even the poorest peasant) to
expensive; each has its own clientele. A few serve a dual
purpose as brothels. One tavern, The Sign of the Blooded
Blade, is a gathering place for Krakow's Cainites and their
ghouls. The inn features servants who offer their blood (and
other services) to Cainite clients, as well as foreign slaves who
are drained to create the inn's noted "specialty." Known as the
blood cup, this heady drink combines blood and alcohol in a
potent mixture. The innkeeper, himself one of the prince's
ghouls, makes certain that no one enters his establishment
who is ignorant of the nature of its regular patrons. Here, in a
politically neutral environment, the Cainites meet to socialize
and study one another in hopes of gaining an advantage over
their rivals.

CINIVERSITY QUARTER

The Collegium Maius, an institution of learning that will
eventually rival other such colleges in Western Europe, occu-
pies a two-story building in the western portion of the city. A
large brick chimney spirals upward from the structure. Con-
struction is underway to expand the collegium into a university,
a project expected to take well into the next century.

Krakow's Jewish population occupies a small portion of
the city near what is already being referred to as the "Univer-
sity Quarter." In their tiny enclave, Talmudic and Kabbalistic
scholars maintain their pursuit of wisdom under the watchful
and distrusting eye of their Christian overlords.

RESIDENCES

The nobility live in fine houses just north of Wawel Hill.
Tradesmen reside in small wooden dwellings, usually above or
near their places of business, while the poorer inhabitants,
including the families of those who labor in the Wieliczka salt
mine (see below), crowd together in tinier, shabbier homes —
little more than hovels. When the cold and snow preclude
working in the mines, the salt miners return to Krakow to
spend the harsh winter months with their families.

Five miles southeast of Krakow, the Wieliczka salt mine
provides the city with a valuable trade commodity. The rights
to the fossil salt are under the control of the Benedictine
Abbey at Tyniec (see below), eight miles southwest of the city.
Vast networks of underground caverns and tunnels form a
crystalline netherworld where peasants labor at extracting the
salt, hollowing out new portions of the earth continually in
their progress. So extensive are the contours of the mine that
many of the passages and chambers, particularly those that
extend far, far under the earth, have disappeared from the
memory of even the oldest miners. Krakow's Nosferatu dwells
here; she has created her own domain, including adeep tunnel
that stretches into the heart of the city.

A village has grown up around the mine to house the
workers during their six-day work week so that they do not
have to make the long trek to and from Krakow each day. They

return home instead on Saturday evenings to spend the Lord's
Day with their families, returning to the mines on Monday
morning. These workers often bring home stories of odd
occurrences from deep within the mine — of the disappear-
ances of coworkers and of the feeling that they are being
watched by something unholy and evil.

CHURCH ON THE Rock

Just south of the city's walls, atop a cliff overlooking the
Vistula River, the Kosciol na Skalce (Church on the Rock)
commemorates the martyrdom of St. Stanislaw. A small cult
has formed around the murdered bishop, perpetuating the
legend that a pair of eagles gathered and reassembled the parts
of Stanislaw's dismembered body.

TYNIEC

Protected by its own garrison, Tyniec's Benedictine Ab-
bey draws most of its annual income from the revenues of the
Wieliczka salt mine, selling its valuable commodity to traders
from Krakow who then profit in its resale. The Cappadocian
Kazimierz maintains his haven within the cloistered halls and
prays that the Cainite "dragon" who holds Krakow in thrall
will one night release her stranglehold on the city.

POLITICS AND RELIGION

Krakow is both a devoutly Catholic city and one that
considers itself to be the capital of the Kingdom of Poland,
even though that political entity no longer exists. Many of
her leading citizens, both mortal and Cainite, see the
conjoining of Wawel Castle and Cathedral on Wawel Hill
as evidence of the cooperation and harmony that charac-
terizes a Christian country. Others view the juxtaposition
of symbols of temporal and divine power in a different
light: To these critics, castle and cathedral stand in com-
petition with one another, each vying for supremacy over
power in Krakow.

The presence of a synagogue in Catholic Krakow bears
witness to the city's recognition of the services provided by
its Jewish population more than to any real religious toler-
ance. The city's desire to create a university rivaling Prague's
necessitates attracting qualified scholars, many of whom
are Jews. Though confined to one section of the city, there
are as yet no walls to restrict their movement as in some
other cities in Europe. Nevertheless, pressure is mounting
from many of Krakow's devout Christians to oust the Jews
from the city proper.

A few Krakow residents still follow the old Slavic reli-
gion that pre-dated the arrival of Christianity. These stalwart
pagans take great pains to hide their true practices, and many
of them outwardly espouse the Catholic faith. The majority
of Krakow's populace have little time for dreams of a better
life or an afterlife; their lives and livelihood depend on too
many factors beyond their control. While they go about their
daily lives in the protective shadow of Krakow's walls, the


common folk also sense a sinister presence in their midst.
They live a divided existence between the daylight hours,
when the city bustles all around them as a trade center, and
the dark of night, when those same crowded streets sit empty
and silent except for the passing of "those who move by
shadow" and their mortal servants.

LIFE IN THE City

The inhabitants of Krakow take pride in the history of
their city and make up one of the strongest centers of Slavic
culture in Poland. At the same time, they realize the need
to protect themselves from both German and Hungarian
interference.

Krakow boasts a thriving business in trade in addition to
the routine that marks most cities of its day. German mer-
chants make regular visits to the city and sell cloth, weapons
and armor in return for valuable salt from the mines and other
goods produced in the city. Krakow hosts a fair each fall that
draws people from all over southern Poland and from even
farther away. Some of those who participate in the festivities
are followers of the old pagan religion and use the fair as a
convenient cover for their own harvest festivals in honor of
the Earth Mother and her Eternal Consort.

PEOPLE

Nobles occupy themselves with dreams of former glory,
hoping for a future when Krakow again serves as the capital of
a great Slavic power. The clergy strive to maintain their loyalty
to the Latin Church despite their proximity to the Byzantine
Empire. Scholars eagerly anticipate Krakow's ascendancy as a
center of learning, and the merchant guilds revel in the city's
location as a crossroads for trade. Meanwhile, the real powers of
Krakow pursue their own plans for the city's future.

The Cainites of Krakow, though not numerous, spread
their tangled skeins of intrigue throughoutall facets of the city's
life. Politics, religion, business, art and learning all are within
their control. Unfortunately for them, however, there are as
many visions for the city's future as there are envisioners. This
factor alone prevents the mortals of the city from falling totally
under the domination of their hidden, immortal rulers.

Morrats

Casmir Piast, Prince of Malopolska: As the latest scion of
the Piast dynasty that has ruled Krakow since its elevation to a
bishopric, "Prince" Casmir claims rulership over Malopolska in
fact, but still considers himself King of Poland. In actuality, his
control over the city is tenuous at best, contested often by his
advisors and other nobles, who feel that he is not doing enough
to reunite Poland and recover her former standing.

Bishop Stefan: Counted among Casmit's adversaries is
the Bishop of Krakow, Stefan Stwosz, who sees the prince as
a weakling unable to support his claim to the Polish crown.
Mindful of the fate of outspoken bishops, however, Bishop

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Stefan works quietly to undercut Casmir's authority without
implicating himself. He serves as a useful tool for the Ventrue
Konrad in his bid to overthrow the current Tzimisce ruler.
Ludmilla the Clever: Now in her late 60s, this elderly hedge
wizard serves as the leader of Krakow's small, but ardent, pagan
community. She isa priestess and healer to those who refuse both
the Christian and Jewish faiths. Ludmilla divides her time be-
tween the city, where she lives with her son and daughter-in-law
above their pottery shop, and the Niepolomice Forest, where she
has a small cottage and herb garden. Here she conducts services
to honor and propitiate the old gods of Poland. She has made
alliances with the Cainite Jolanta and a pack of werewolves,
believing them to be remnants of the old religion who have come
to aid her in preserving the sanctity of the ancient traditions.

HUNGARY

Another thunder shook the ground and a third. After that
came silence, so sudden and deep that it was more terrifying than
the storm before. The wind ceased as suddenly as it had come and
the smoke rose once more straight into the air. Only the path of
the fire crept slowly westward, burning high and bright.

—Kate Seredy, The White Stag (tales of the Magyar people
and old gods)

Located in the heart of Europe, Hungary holds four distinct
regions in its borders. The Great Plain (also called the Alfold)
extends to the east of the Danube River and is cut into two by
the Tisza River. The western area is arable land, good for farming
and usable as pasturage for horses and herd animals. The land is
drier beyond the Tisza, though still suitable for growing wheat.
Transdanubia is in the western part of Hungary. Lying between
the foothills of the Alps and the Danube River, this portion of
Hungary was once the Roman province of Pannonia. Lake
Balaton, the largest lake in Europe, occupies the center of the
picturesque province, flanked to the north by weirdly shaped
hills formed of lava and basalt. To the north of Transdanubia
rises Kisalfold or Little Plain, another fertile farming region. The
Northern Highlands are a range of hills that extend between the
Danube, the Great Plain and the Kingdom of Bohemia.

Hungary lies in the middle section of the Danube, which
Hungarians call the Duna River. Navigable throughout the coun-
try, the river succeeds as a main trade link to both West and East.
The Tisza, Hungary'ssecond great river, rises from the Carpathians
in the east, flowing through the lowest part of the plains. Turbu-
lent and quick, the Tisza floods the low-lying plains yearly. Great
forests of oak and beech cover large areas of Transdanubia.

EAST AND WEST

From a Cainite point of view, Hungary can be seen as
divided into two regions. Western Hungary, containing Buda-
Pest and Esztergom, is more settled, but riddled with intrigue
from the Holy Roman Empire. Eastern Hungary —
Transylvania — is savage frontier by contrast, inhabited by
Tzimisce voivodes, feral Gangrel, and rage-filled Lupines.


id
~

WESTERN HUNGARY

Bupa-PEst

Three separate towns constitute the city that is often
referred to as Buda-Pest. Two of them, Buda and Obuda (Old
Buda), occupy the wooded hills to the west of the river; though
the two have merged in architecture and character, they are
quite different. Buda bears the name of the designer of her
fortress-castle. Pest, on the lowland far side of the river, still
claims its independence from the higher, better defended city
— except in times of war and invasion, when her residents
scurry across to take shelter there. Pest means "chimney," a
reference to the lime kilns that are found in it. The German
word for Pest is even more direct: They call it "Ofen," for "oven."

The first town to rise here was built by the Celts along the
slopes of Gellert Hill. Called Ak Ink (meaning "spring rich in
water"), it was a trading center for pottery and bronze. Rem-
nants of the Celts' bronze foundries still survive. With the
coming of the Romans, the fortress-town of Aquincum rose,
matched by a sister fort (Contra-Aquincum) on the other side
of the river. Aquincum became the capital of the province of
Pannonia until the departure of the Romans.

Successive invasions changed little in the abandoned
towns of Aquincum and Contra-Aquineum. Those who occu-
pied the land surrounding the towns built separate dwellings

and worked small plots of land. The Magyars thought Obuda
(which sat atop the ruins of Aquincum) was nothing less than
the fabled capital of Attila the Hun when they arrived in the
ninth century. They happily set about building upon the ruins.

The cities of Obuda, Buda and Pest have become the Dark
Medieval city of Buda-Pest by the 12th century. Despite its
outwardly Christian character, much of Buda remains pagan.
on worshipping the old Magyar gods, secretly
meeting and offering sacrifices.

Bupa

Although the last area to be "settled," Buda is the fastest-
growing section of Buda-Pest. Construction continues on the

Some in:

castle, churches and various noble homes.
VAR-HEGY

In the center of Buda rises a limestone plateau called
Var-hegy (or Castle Hill), which is topped by the royal
palace. Divided into quarters, the northern section of the
plateau is given over to important nobles and burghers, while
the southern portion is reserved for the king's castle. To the
west and above the castle are several churches, the most
famous being the dark, Romanesque Church of Our Lady.
Also in the church quarter are the town's prison, a small

market square and the town meeting hall. To the east rests
Vizivaros, or Water Town, a narrow strip between the castle
and the Danube occupied by tradesmen, fishermen and

CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


craftsmen. The entire plateau is fortified with stone walls on
all sides, though the castle has an inner wall as well. Because
of an old superstition, bits of iron were embedded in the rocks
of the fortifications, a practice intended to ward off evil
supernatural things. In effect, it makes entering the town very
difficult for the region's fae. This section is the oldest part of
Buda, constructed on the highland as a defensive measure.

THE House OF THE RED HEDGEHOG
Located between the castle and the church district, the
Red Hedgehog is an inn catering to visiting nobles and people
of wealth who wish to stay in the castle district of Buda rather
than in the market area of Pest. Accommodations and food are
said to be the best in the city, and the inn's division of its
tavern portion into three smaller, linked areas makes each
seem private without feeling closed in. Many of the city's elite,
including Cainites, visit the Red Hedgehog after sunset.

Bupa CAstTLe

The castle forms a horseshoe shape, with a north and
south wing thrusting outward from a heavier (and original)
central block. The central building is typical of 11th-century
castles — thick stone walls and wooden interior floors and
ceilings. It holds a great hall, parlor or meeting room, kitchen
with its buttery (storeroom for beer, wine and candles) and
pantry (for salt, bread and cutlery). Bedchambers, a chapel
and a large open courtyard occupy the remainder. It is unfur-
nished but for several heavy wooden chairs, tables, beds and
chests. Woolen rugs line interior walls in bedchambers (which
are reserved for royalty, nobles and guests). The castle has
arrow slits rather than windows. The castle is heated by an
ingenious system of clay pipes connecting the building to the
limestone caverns below it. The pipes lead upward from a
mazelike cellar underneath the castle. The many thermal
springs found in the caves (and outside them) produce steam
that rises through the pipes, keeping the castle much warmer
than most such edifices.

The other two wings are of later construction. The south
wing holds an armory, barracks and a hall for knights. The
northern one is massive, almost another separate castle, with
more kitchens, storerooms, bedchambers and halls for accom-
modating court functionaries (or citizens of Buda and Pest in
times of siege). Despite the commodious lodgings available in
the royal palace, they are used infrequently. Buda-Pest is not
the capital of Hungary; that honor is reserved for Esztergom,
some miles to the north.

The caverns provide lime for use in Pest across the river,
while the thermal springs provide water ranging from barely
tepid to quite hot to suit the taste of those desiring baths.
Although the Magyars did not originally appreciate the
mineral-rich hot springs (most of which are found slightly to
the south of the palace on Gellert Hill), upon discovering
the Roman baths left from Aquincum, they soon became
avid bathers — a custom far more in keeping with Eastern
practices than current Western ones.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Deep beneath Buda Castle is the hidden resting place of
Bulscu, the sybaritic sire of Buda-Pest's Cainite prince, Vencel
Rikard. Carved from the caverns, yet adorned with costly
draperies and carpets, golden candlesticks and sumptuous
bedding, Bulscu's apartments house him in kingly splendor.
Here he maintains a stable of attractive men and women who
sate his appetite.

Port Town

Below Castle Hill, on wide ramparts that stretch outward
from the river, lies the port of Buda. Only a few buildings
occupy this area. Most are no more than single stone rooms
with stout doors. These warehouses are used for storing goods
being held for river transport. Along the riverbanks are posts
used for mooring ships. Buda receives regular shipments of
timber and bricks from Vienna and sends back furs, amber and
exotic goods from the East.

Upstream, where the river is not so wide, ferrymen use
barges and rafts to carry people, livestock and goods back and
forth across the river. There are no bridges. At one time a
natural ford, the presence of the ferries makes a natural
crossing difficult now. They occupy the best crossing place,
forcing those who would cross on their own into the wider and
deeper sections of the river. Most people find it more conve-
nient to pay a small tithe to the ferryman than to risk crossing
where the river's current might sweep them away.

The Taban, or tannery district, is below Castle Hill,
somewhat further south than the port. Besides tanneries, the
district is also home to vintners who use the gently sloping hill
as vineyards. Though afflicted with the smell of tanning, the
area has many small, but comfortable, houses occupied by
merchants and ship owners. A street running up from the
Taban provides the easiest ascent to Castle Hill. Rumors
abound among the poor of Buda-Pest that one of the tanners
makes his fortune supplying tanned human hides to the devil
worshippers that "everyone" knows are abroad in the city. No
proof of such horror has been found thus far.

GELLERT HILL

Just south of the castle lies Gellert Hill, named for the
martyred St. Gellert, a Venetian who became a bishop of
Hungary. During a pagan reaction after the reign of Istvan
(later called St. Stephen, patron saint of Hungary), Gellert
was nailed into a barrel and thrown from the hill into the river
in 1046. On the hill isa monument to the saint. Further down,
Celtic ruins and many of Buda's thermal pools can be found.
Transient Cainites (particularly, those on the run from Cainite
justice) occasionally use the ruins as convenient resting places.

Hare ISLAND

Just above Buda, almost opposite Obuda, sits a small
island known as Hare Island, 2.5 kilometers long and 500
meters wide. It is covered with woods and boasts a hot spring
in the northern end, and it is connected to the Buda side of the
river bya pile bridge. A Roman tower and villa, which formerly


belonged to the garrison commander of Aquincum, is now the
residence and court of Vencel Rikard, the Cainite Prince of
Buda-Pest, and his ghoul servants. The house is used perhaps
once a year by the king, who comes to hunt rabbits there.
Other residents know the island to be a royal hunting preserve.
Recent rumors say that the king intends to deed the island to
the Knights of St. John so they may build a fortified monastery
on it —a rumor that greatly worries the prince.

OxsubA

The area's oldest settlement, that of the Celts, may lie on
Gellert Hill, but the second oldest is in Obuda. The Roman
provincial capital of Aquincum consisted of a large outpost
and the civilian settlement that grew up around it. Ironically,
the nobles of Buda believe that the younger settlement holds
better residences. The lesser nobles, those who cannot afford
or find suitable living quarters in Buda, have been relegated to
the "less desirable" homes available in unfashionable Obuda.
Although the lesser nobles smile knowingly from these de-
spised residences, for they have inherited the best buildings in
Buda-Pest.

Tue Nosie District

Many classical Roman buildings and structures remain. A
few nobles have constructed houses utilizing the remains of
Roman walls and floors, some with beautiful and intact
mosaics. Other remains include the Thermae Maiores, Ro-
man baths that include pools, steam chambers, massage rooms,
a decorated promenade and a temple in which statuary of the
nymphs of healing still remains. Though they at first resisted
bathing, the Magyar nobles who reside in Obuda learned the
custom from natives who remained in the area, and they
continued to use the facilities after the Romans left. As they
have come to appreciate the benefits of bathing, the nobles
have tried to keep these luxurious baths a secret from their
counterparts in Buda, lest other, more powerful nobles drive
them out and take their residences.

Tue RouNnp Hous

A military amphitheater near the old baths once held up to
16,000 people. Its arena is topped by a block of abandoned
dwellings known as the Round House. Their cellar walls form
part of the amphitheater. Below ground, under the arena, are
cells where prisoners and wild beasts were once held. Secret
passages lead from the arena's holding cells up into the Round
House, which allows the building's chief resident, the Malkavian
known as Octavio, to move about unseen. The nobles of Buda-
Pest have recently begun looking into the possibility of holding
festivals, games and contests in the old arena.

Octavio has discouraged this idea, upset that his haven
might be compromised and his rituals in honor of Kupala
stopped. Octavio, tortured by the demon's madness, captures
mortals (and weaker Cainites, when possible), whom he then
puts through elaborate games and cruel sports before sacrific-
ing them to Kupala. Octavio isn't certain whether he makes

these offerings to glorify or to bind the demon so he cannot
awaken and wreak destruction on Eastern Europe. To this end,
the Malkavian alternately supports and opposes Vencel Rikard.

Tue AMBER MARKET

When Aquincum was the capital of Pannonia, it was a
major stopover on the Amber Road, the main trade route from
Russia. The most important goods traded along the route were
furs and amber, hence the name. Amber is still brought west
along this ancient trade route and sold in bulk, and crushed to
make scent or set into silver and gold as jewelry or other
ornamentation. That work is all carried on in the Obuda
Amber Market, where craftspersons and traders set up stalls
when weather permits. On the fringes of the market can be
found storytellers, wine sellers, meat vendors and the ubiqui-
tous thieves looking to snatch a piece or two of amber from
inattentive crafters. Failing that, their skill as cutpurses allows
them to relieve customers of their excess coins. Though the
market shuts down at midday, it remains open after dark, lit by
torches placed throughout the square. Many amber merchants
have found that the later hours often attract rich customers
who never attend the market during daylight hours.

HERMIT's HILL

This wooded hill rises above Obuda and provides a clear
view of the town, Buda, the Danube and Pest. A watchtower was
erected on the hill in ancient times. The ruins still remain. The
Romans learned (after repeated disappearances) not to man the
tower, and legends indicate that the hill is haunted. More
recently, some residents of Obuda have seen a bearded, long-
haired man moving about on the hill from time to time. The
mysterious figure, who dresses in a dirty, tattered robe, occasion-
ally comes down to the Obuda Amber Market and the central
market in Pest. He can also be found at a quiet, shadowed table
in the second tavern room of the Red Hedgehog. After watching
him carefully, the guards no longer perceive him as a threat but
think he is a holy hermit. Occasionally, kind-hearted individu-
als offer him meat, wine or other victuals. He merely nods, then
turns away. Most believe he has taken a vow of silence and no
longer bother him. Few, however, maintain that they have
heard him speak — but only when he chooses.

PEsT

Constructed ona layer of rubble and stone lying close to the
river's edge, most of Pest's buildings are made of wood. Showing
the Hungarian eye for fine decoration, many wealthy merchants
have commissioned woodcrafters to adorn their houses with fine
woodcarvings. Most popular are flower and vine designs, horses
and eagles. A few depict trees or jagged lightning strokes,
evidence that their inhabitants have not wholly embraced
Christianity (or forgotten the old gods). All the streets of Pest
circle outward from a central marketplace. The main street
crosses from the port alongside the river, through the center of
the market and on to the east, where it exits through Pest's main
gate. Beyond the gate lie only endless plains.

CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


CartTte MARKET

Just inside the main gate is Pest's cattle market, a dusty square
where cattle, sheep and horses are bought and sold. Usually
referred to as "that den of thieves," the market is famous for the
number (and cleverness) of the cutpurses who congregate about
the market like flies. Any livestock not continually watched is
likely to be missing within a few moments, as are buyers' purses —
especially during the evening hours that the market remains
open. Cainites who have lost livestock to these depredations
blame the Ravnos known as Izydor; most often, they're right.
Many of those selling beasts try to do so the first day they are
brought into Pest rather than stabling them overnight, for they
have noted that the longer the animals spend within the city
gates, the more sickly and listless some become. It is believed that
the river gives off bad vapors that affect the animals; others claim
that devils torment the poor beasts by night. Blessings said over
the animals seem to have no effect.

Tue PARISH CHURCH

Lying in the lowest spot in Pest, the Romanesque parish
church known as The Chapel of the Virgin is newly built atop
the ruins of Contra-Aquincum. Only one outer wall of the
fortress remains, and it was used to enclose half the church.
The third-century tower still stands nearby and is used as a
makeshift bell tower for the modest church.

RoyaL MARKET

Pest has grown up around mercantile interests. Nowhere is
this more evident than in its Royal Market, the central square
of the town. All roads lead into the market, which is surrounded
by the lawmakers' hall; the custom house-treasury building; and
the Golden Boar and the White Stag, two inns catering to
travelers. Germans tend to frequent the Boar, while Hungarians
prefer the Stag. The central market is filled with bright colors,
lots of noise and just about any trade item available in Eastern
Europe. Everything from practical blacksmith work to
barrelmaking to bootmaking to delicate goldsmithing can be
found fora price. Wine sellers, fortunetellers, and moneylenders
rub shoulders with scribes, mercenary soldiers, pleasure ped-
dlers, farmers and household servants. Hungary's main slave
market is held here once a week. The city's Cainites (and few
agents sent by Cainite masters from throughout Eastern Eu-
rope) attend the evening slave auctions, buying choice vessels.
Although Istvan freed his own slaves, the practice is not yet
illegal in all parts of the kingdom.

Goods from the West dominate most of the market, but
two areas contain strikingly different wares. One section is run
by Jews and features rare herbs, vellum, honey, beeswax candles,
medicinal elixirs, and wares from Byzantium. The other area is
manned by merchants from Pest's small Muslim community,
who sell fine fabrics, rare scents and exotic weaponry. Rumor
whispers that both the Jews and the Muslims have wondrous
magical elixirs, weapons and other items that they hide and sell
only to the very rich and powerful. Trade with the East is
concentrated primarily in the hands of these few merchants.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

ESZTERGOM

Traveling from Austria to Esztergom along the Danube is
like sailing down a silvery ribbon through thick, forested slopes
that line both sides of the river. Side channels and tributaries
form midriver islands, havens for waterfowl and small game. An
occasional hut or hovel, homes to hunters or other solitary folk,
can be seen, but most of the area is untamed wilderness until the
traveler reaches the Danube Bend. Just before the great river
takes a wide turn southward, the forest is broken by the sight of
Esztergom's domed Cathedral of St. Adalbert jutting upward
from the rocky plateau that forms the city's Castle Hill. Named
for the first Bohemian bishop of Prague, who converted Prince
Geza and his family, the church was the first constructed on the
hill. The plateau belonged to the church before the king erected
his palace there. Istvan was crowned in the church in A.D. 1000
with an ornate crown sent to him by Pope Sylvester II.

Esztergom is perhaps the most Westernized area of Hun-
gary; it maintains a close link to Germany for both political and
economic reasons. As both the seat of Church power and the
king's chosen capital, Esztergom receives many ambassadors and
tradesmen seeking investments or favor. Though not without its
own intrigues, the city (and its residents) is almost totally
isolated and blissfully untouched by the rage and warfare that
mark the easternmost of Hungary's claimed lands, Transylvania.

THE RoyaAL PALACE

Grander than the castle in Buda, the royal palace of
Esztergom serves as the king's residence and court. It shares
Castle Hill with the Archbishop's Palace and the Church of
St. Adalbert. The three great stone structures give a sweeping
grandeur to the town. With many archways and portals, the
castle seems much lighter and more open than its counterpart
in Buda. The Vaulted Hall is the most famous room in the
castle, a vast room featuring beautiful carvings and Bohemian
glass windows; it is used by the king as his royal court.

BisHop's PALACE

Built when Esztergom became an archbishopric, this Ro-
manesque palace is as sumptuous and beautiful as the royal
residence (if not more so). The citizens deem it fitting that this
lovely estate be the property of the Archbishop of Esztergom, who
as Primate of all Hungary is head of the Hungarian bishops' synod.
The archbishop extends hospitality to several junior churchmen
who make their homes within the palace. Most are the elite up-
and-comers in the church; a few are noted for their learning or
knowledge of canonical law. One among them, a younger priest
named Janos who is marked for quick advancement, secretly
keeps his mistress in his suite within the palace. Liseta Iluminada
(Elizabeth the Luminous), a beautiful and ambitious Lasombra,
uses her priestly lover as the means to regain the upper hand in
Easter European Church affairs. She is grooming Janos to
become Archbishop of Esztergom, knowing she willrule him from
the shadows. Liseta uses a little-used postern door whenever she
needs to leave the palace and walks the city dressed in the habit
of one of the nuns of St. Ann's Convent.


DistRICcTS

Directly below Castle Hill, between itand the Danube, is the
Archiepiscopal Town, so called because it houses the clergy and
the tradespeople and crafters who serve the Church. The port's
revenues also belong to the Church, and justice is meted out
according to canonical law for residents of (and lawbreakers who
enter) this area. By custom, if a fugitive makes it to the district
boundary, he is considered to be under Church protection and
may make his way unhindered to the cathedral, where he may beg
sanctuary. Such folk may be required to serve the Church or
returned to the civic authorities at the archbishop's discretion.
Town residents are immune to civic law even if caught commit-
ting a crime elsewhere in the city; they are turned over to the
Church and where they often receive more stringent punishment
than they would have received under civic law.

In this district is the Church of the Magdelane, the stronghold of
Geza Arpad, Cainite Prince of Esztergom. Many holy men are buried
in the catacombs beneath the church. Unknown to the mortal
archbishop of Esztergom, Geza performs profane rituals in the church
and catacombs, corrupting the area and dedicating it to Kupala.

The king's people and retinue live in Royal Town, an expan-
sive territory in the center of the city just beyond the marshy area
beneath Castle Hill. The main market of Esztergom is found in
Royal Town, as is the main port. Revenues from customs go to the
king. St. Lawrence Parish Church marks the northern boundary of
Royal Town, while the Jewish settlement abuts it in the south.

EASTERN
HaUNGary:
TRANSYLVANIA

TheeasternmostreachesofHungaryareknownas Transylvania.
Between the Prut River to the east, the Tisza River to the west and
the Danube to the south lie over 39,000 square miles of land. In this
region are lush sylvan forests, majestic mountain ranges, and the
many tirsas, knezates and domains of Transylvania. Many cultures
have prospered and died in this region, redefining the boundaries of
this land in the process, but Transylvania's dark beauty endures.

While the borders of Transylvania change, the mountains
surrounding them do not. To the south are the Transylvanian
Alps, the Bihor Mountains are in the northwest, and the
Carpathians are to the northeast. The Transylvanian Alps are
often referred to as the southern Carpathians.

These three mountain ranges surround the Carpathian Basin
and serve as a great aid to its defense. Several natural passes lead
travelers through the mountains. Throughout the year in peaceful
times, traders pass through them. When hostilities are in abeyance,
sheep and other livestock graze as they are herded through the
mountains. The passes become invasion routes in times of war and the
feudal lordsfindthemcrucialindefendingthe Voivodateof Transylvania.

fa
a,

MURESUL

2AM US

ARPATHIAN MTNS.
-~S —_

_/ ey fisisrerrz
Sea G=~* i
ac Lie

_

OSS ———

at 8 el

SKK aa, l~, | +KRONSTADT —
=

Qn
a a n a8

= \Q\ BucHaREsT

eo

= Dim DANUBE
SNM TRANSYLVANIA ATT ANTUTTING

CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST

ALPS

—
=
—_—
—
=
—
—_—
=

RUILIALAR LA ADAMO OREM OLOO


In the northeast is Tihusa Pass, known as Borgo Pass in
the Dark Medieval era. It forms the border between the
Kingdom of Hungary and Russia. The territory to the east will
be known as Bucovina centuries later. Oituz Pass is a route
through the Carpathians along Transylvania's eastern border,
joining the region with the area that will later be known as
Moldavia. The most accessible route through the Transylvanian
Alps is through Red Tower Pass to the south. This pass leads
to what will one day become Wallachia.

From the Tisza plain to the Carpathians, the elevation
ranges from low plains to high mountains. The western range
of mountains averages under 3,000 feet, the eastern Moldavians
average 4,000, and the southern Transylvanian Alps average
5,000. The peaks of these mountains are not entirely forbid-
ding, but they instead hide beautiful alpine pastures.

The Iron Gates are located on the southwestern border of
Transylvania. While this establishes the border between Hun-
gary and Romania in modern times, all of Transylvania is part
of the Kingdom of Hungary in the 12th century. The geogra-
phy of other countries is quite straightforward: North of the
Carpathians lie the Russian steppes, Lithuania and Poland
(when traveling east to west); south of Hungary is Bulgaria;
Russia stretches to the east, as does the Black Sea.

Beneath the imposing Carpathian peaks are rolling hills,
verdant valleys, and several basins. To complicate geography,
some regions are referred to by the names of these basins,
ranging from the Birsa in the south to the Maramures in the
north. In the west are the Sibiu and Secas. These help guide
five rivers that flow from the eastern mountains to the west:
the Olt, Mures, Tirnave, Cris and Somes. Most join the Tisza
River and flow on toward the Danube.

TRANSYLVANIAN TOWNS

Some villages have been founded on the ruins of ancient
Roman settlements, but most towns are just now being built.
Nonetheless, hundreds of tiny hamlets and villages dot the
countryside. Most are within a day's travel from one another.
The people who live there are peasants, for the most part,
with several necessary craftsmen who make barrels or repair
plows. Many villages are too small to support a priest, and
Orthodox clergy travel from village to village to conduct
services. Most of the people are illiterate and few have
concerns beyond doing their work and not falling afoul of the
local boyar's temper.

A few of the more remote villages, especially those nearer
the Carpathians, are actually ghoul towns, filled with several
members of the revenant families created by the Tzimisce to be
their servants. While residents of such towns might shelter
Cainites willingly, they mightalso try to capture or kill strangers
to the area, considering them threats to their fiendish masters.

Although there are many settlements in the territory,
few cities of great size exist. Most villages are little more than
dirt roads with a few houses on either side by the late 12th
century. (Thankfully, this makes integrating them into

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

chronicles surprisingly easy.) There are less than a dozen
cities of significant size, and these have grown largely because
of the influence of Cainites.

Tue Cities oF TRANSYLVANIA

Many of the cities of Transylvania have recently taken
shape and will grow considerably over the next century.
Seven of them were rebuilt over ancient Roman or Dacian
sites by Germanic Saxon colonists. Each of these cities forms
the centerpiece of a separate domain and is nominally under
the control of a Cainite prince. Nova Arpad ruled from
Mediasch until her abduction; her double, Ruxandra, now
rules in her stead.

Most Cainite princes here do not hold power here for
long. Anyone with the temerity to impose order on a domain
immediately becomes target for the forces at work there. The
Tzimisce kill fortunate princes; those who are not so lucky are
abducted and punished for their trespasses. The Tremere are
also rapidly gaining control in territories to the south, just as
Gangrel vie for control of the wilderness surrounding the cities
they despise. Competition for territory is fierce.

The remaining princes have begun to consult with Zelios
of Clan Nosferatu to improve the defenses of their cities, and
the growing population of Saxon settlers arriving from the
north makes Zelios's task easier. Seven of these cities will form
a system of defenses for Transylvania after the invasion of the
Mongols in 1240. The seven cities will be known collectively
as the Siebenburgen.

12th c. domain Dark Medieval Prince (1197)

Balgrad -

Klausenburg Mitru, Gangrel
Hermanstadt Marusca, Nosferatu
Schaasburg -

Kronstadt -
Mediasch Nova Arpad, Ventrue (currently
held by the impostor Ruxandra)

Bistritz Radu, Tzimisce

Though the typical Transylvanian village has a popula-
tion between 30 and 200 mortals, each of these seven cities has
a population ranging from 3,000 to 5,000. For purposes of
comparison, Transylvania as a whole contains about 90,000
mortals in the Dark Medieval world of 1197.

CEoRIS

High in the Transylvanian Alps rises the Tremere chantry
of Ceoris (see Chapter Six for additional information about
this mighty chantry). Many in Transylvania have heard ru-
mors ofa "devil's school" where black sorcerers learn their dark
arts. Few, however, know where such a school might be
located. Though the Tremere once held several chantries in
Transylvania, the war with the Tzimisce has taken its toll.
Now only their greatest holding still exists — the dreaded
fortress known as Ceoris.


THE SIEBENBURGEN
The growth of cities in Transylvania is largely the result of the Saxon settlers and the shadowy Cainites who support
their efforts. Because the Siebenburgen areGerman in origin, they can be a source of some confusion: Some cities have
both a German and a Romanian name/ Furthermores the names of some of these cities have changed many times over
the last 800 years. We have taken a slight degree offliberty with the growth of these cities, assuming thatifhey would have
been populated more quickly in the Dark Medieval Eta. For enthusiasts who would Tike to: nua ar eeyench, the
following table¥ il Prove useful. :

20th c. name Qther Historical Names
) Bistria co

W2the. Saxontname:

\ ‘Brasov - .
*€luj-Napoca Kolosvar, Cluj, "Napoca
Medias - i
Schaasburg" ; Sighisoara Segesv
Balgfad_ 7 Alba lulia " Weissenburg, Kaisburg
The faster/Gtowth ofthese cities is lanely die to the Danned. Theyrobtaimgreater herds for feeding by increasing
the populationGftHe cities. In addition, thefforgifieation Of these"cities iSWeryimportant to them, especially with the
growing influénce of marauding armies. The fortifieation of the Sicbenburgen was,minimal in our world before the
Mongol invasion in 1241. Developments in fortificatiéns evolved at the samétfate in Dark Medieval Europe, but their
use is somewhat more extensive. The Ventetie rulersiéf Hungaty were insistent en a these cities much earlier
in Transylvania's history. ;
Storyteller Note: Only fotroftheie ies, cuftently hold princes; the other ticks ate contested by petty factions of
Ventrue opportunists, Tzimisee puppets, Gangrel matauders, and any other Caiitites you'd like to seed in the region. In
other words, these areas are plums ripe for the plucking, and a clever coterie could take great steps toward gaining a

permanent fiefdom in one of these cities.

POLITICS AND RELIGION

Although acknowledged as a sovereign state and a part of
Europe's Christian community, only in Hungary's western reaches
do civilization and Catholicism prevail. Her eastern portions,
including the ever-difficult territory of Transylvania, remain ina
state of near-paganism. Despite the recent efforts of settling
Germans in parts of Transylvania to build towns and bring
Catholicism to the region, the Romanian population (who claim
to be the original Dacian people) cling to Orthodoxy — or
outright paganism and heresy. Traditional rulers, calling them-
selves boyars, rule their people through terror and barbarism. The
Carpathian Mountains spawn ever more superstitious tales of
werewolves, vampyrs, ghosts and black magicians locked in age-
old battles. Unlike their neighbors in Buda-Pest or Esztergom, the
people of eastern Hungary seem to have little use for the "civili-
zation" that rule from the West purports to bring.

Several governments rule the lands beyond the forest,
each touting its own authority and autonomy. The mortal
government is at best a pretense. Acknowledging the divine
right of the Kingdom of Hungary means accepting its version
of feudalism. This is little more than the right of one race to
repress and exploit another in the East.

Nowhere is the battle between Western Catholicism and
Eastern Orthodoxy so fierce as in Transylvania. Fearing the
strength of Transylvania's boyars, the king has sent Catholic

Magyars and German settlers into the area to build trading towns
and to claim estates. The locals, most Romanians who espouse
Orthodoxy — or follow pagan practices — have been ordered to
convert or give up their lands to the Magyars. Soldiers sent with
the occupying Magyars have enforced this edict, harshly pulling
terrified families from theirancestral homes and forcing them into
servitude as serfs on the newly acquired Magyar estates. Some
boyars have refused, withdrawing into fortresses deep within the
Carpathians and preparing for war.

Cainites in the region are divided along the same lines.
Hungarians and Szeklers have been Embraced by the Fiends in
a crude attempt to seize power. These "bastard childer" are
hated by the Romanian Tzimisce even more than the ancient
families of Tzimisce hate each other, forthe Romanian Tzimisce
find themselves threatened by members of their own clan in
the heart of their stronghold — Transylvania. Evera territorial
and fractious clan, the most recent spate of fighting has left the
Tzimisce potentially too weak to fight off the Shadow Lords
and the upstart Clan Tremere. War rages throughout
Transylvania during the dark hours, a war reflected by the
daytime atrocities committed by each side's human pawns.

Westerners have made a feeble attempt to establish a
network of princes in Transylvania. Since the cities of the
region are hardly sufficient to sustain more than two or three
vampires, each prince is recognized as the protector of a
domain. Each domain is named for one of the major cities,

CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


CASTLES OF TRANSYLVANIA
In our world, there were very few castlesin 12th-century Transylvania. Itwill be a few Genturies before Vlad Tepes
will look out from the parapets of Bran Castle a5 vastifields of his enemies writhe'is@agony.upon pikestaffs. Until then,
the Tzimisce will have to bee@ntent withstgrtaring cheireniemiesin the privacy) cae | héhes and behind the modest

fortifications of their castles.
The castles that existed
motte and bailey. Far:

Tremere sorcerers —

Save ‘Eastern Europe were Bory eitoleg usually: Fe ind offlittle more than a
'Settin fomantic Transylvania — the! home' of Tzimisce nobility/-Veritrue' overlords and
ld admittedly, make for a very dull'game/Vhus, wed shaye taken a few futther'Jiberties.

proliferation. of castles tix Transylvania 18 in vogue throughour'the 10th and 11th
centuries. Zelios, the Master Mason of Clan Nosferatu, is respected i inthe fiefdoms of the-Tzimisce..He oversees the

construction of: stoné<astlésyaind the
have been built under his-mastetful gu

asional assistance of anionstrouss
lanee over the last century. Fittin|

makes this taskmuch easier. Seven castles
iy he Knows: thesecret passages through all of

them. Thus, it is not unusualfotelaboraté.stonetastles to be constructed ‘ineDark Medieval Europe as early as the 10th
century. We fully acknowledge the anachronism and endorse it to enhance Transylvanian chronicles.

present or past, to be found there. The Western Ventrue are
eager to recognize the authority of the princes of these do-
mains and their right to enforce the Six Traditions.

The Tzimisce care little for the formalities of the Western
Hungarians. This is their land — it has always been and always will
be. Tzimisce feudal lords set the borders of their fiefdoms regardless
of where these princes (or "knezi") hold court. Metamorphosists
hold their rites and sacrifice whom they please, regardless of the
opposition of Cainite monarchs. They do not need to ignore the
protestations of princes because, quite simply, they do not care.

Further complicating matters are the region's Gangrel and
Nosferatu. Members of both clans tend to ally with the Tzimisce
against the hated Tremere, who capture and use Cainites from all
threeclansin their magical workings and strange rites. Indeed, they
have recently discovered that theirclanmatesare being turned into
Gargoyle slaves by the Tremere. However, the Gangrel and
Nosferatu sometimes have difficulty distinguishing one Tzimisce's
jealousies, territories and goals from another's. Coupled with the
Tzimisce penchant for changing sides whenever the wind blows
from a new quarter, this makes their combined might against the
Tremere much less than it might otherwise be.

The Tremere clan is exerting great force against the
divided clans of Transylvania. The Usurper Tremere are
formidable and their clan unity gives them a great edge over
fractious feudal lords and bitter Cainite princes. Their influ-
ence already spreads over the territories surrounding
southwestern Transylvania, and the wisest Cainites run for
cover when the Gargoyles patrol.

The Shadow Lords, who might also wish to rid the area of the
Tremere, are focused on wiping out their ancestral enemies. The
Ventrue secretly support the Tremere with manpower, money and
political favors, seeing the wizardclanasthe best tool forriddingthem
of theannoyingand uncontrollable Tzimisce. Ravnos move through
the area selling information (usually a mix of truth and falsehood) to
each side, telling false fortunes and stealing whatever isn't nailed
down or impaled. And undemeath itall, the demon's heart beats out
a rhythm of madness and chaos to which they all dance.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Day Lire

Buda-Pestand Esztergom are both centers for trade, crossroads
for the merchandise that moves up and down the Danube. While
Esztergom has become almost completely Westernized, however,
Buda-Pest remains wed to many of the troubles brewing in the East.
Citizens of Esztergom enjoy the privilege of life in a calm, well-
ordered town similar to many in Germany. They look directly to
the king or the archbishop for justice. Though the king visits
occasionally, Buda-Pest has the feel ofa frontier town, asettlement
just on the edge of true wilderness —a short breath away from the
terror and uproar that holds Transylvania in its grip.

Transylvania itself is an enigma. A few places in the territory
are calm oases where little affects the people beyond the changing
of theseasons. People are born, work, marry, raise children and die,
all within a few tiny acres they recognize as their village. The folk
of other towns struggle to survive, fearfully huddling in barred
houses, listening with dread to the screams and cries from outside,
tooterrified toextenda helping hand to their friends and neighbors
once night falls. By day, these same wretched souls move about
hollowly, like old ghosts or broken dolls, going through the
motions, but they are fearful of offending a powerful overlord or
attracting the attention ofa person of power. Such peasants remain
dirty and ragged, not because they are too uncivilized to know
better, but to deflect attention from themselves and their loved
ones. Many cling to their Orthodox faith, fervently believing that
if they pray enough, the horror will someday end.

PEOPLE

The true story of a city lies with the people who may be
met within its walls — or on its battlefields.

— Anonymus, Works in Progress

Hungary and Transylvania are ethnic powderkegs. Whether
acharacter is Saxon or Magyar, Szekler or Vlach, can drastically
influence that character's alliances and enmities. Even beyond
the grave this holds true, as Vlach Gangrel savagely resist the
incursions of Szekler Ventrue, and the German Drang nach Osten
implacably rolls over the lands of the East.


Mortats

Anonymus, the Chronicler: A humble scribe in the
service of Bela III, Master P (popularly known as Anonymus) is
the quintessential observer. Dressed in a simple, dark monk's
robe, his face shadowed by the robe's cowl so that none may see
it, he moves throughout Buda-Pest, Esztergom and even
Transylvania's most dangerous territory, chronicling what he
witnesses and hears. He has written the first history of the
Hungarian people, the Gesta Hungarorum. By scribing in the
Low (rather than the ecclesiastical) Latin, Anonymus makes
his work accessible toall scholars rather than just tochurchmen.
Some Cainites claim that he writes in that language because it
is his mother tongue, whispering that he has lived since the
Roman Empire first rose to power. As he seems to fear nothing,
quietly emerging from battles, captivity and other life-threaten-
ing situations unruffled and intact, many Cainites (and a few
mortals) whisper that he is immortal — perhaps the Wandering
Jew. At least a few Cainites believe him to be Caine. As his aura
is as anonymous as his name, none can say for certain.

Bilal al-Hanbal: This Muslim trader owns a stall on the
outskirts of Pest's Royal Market. Once a year he leaves the
city to make the dangerous journey south and east, where he
acquires trade goods and arranges for caravans to deliver
whatever he cannot bring back personally. Bilal is a friendly
and curious sort who enjoys talking with all the customers
who frequent his market stall. Although he retains his
Muslim faith, he seeks to learn all he can about Christianity,
"to better know and understand his neighbors," so he says.
Many citizens of Buda-Pest believe he is a spy; some say he
is an assassin sent to murder their king. Most people discount
such stories since King Bela entered the merchant's stall and
emerged unharmed and in possession of a fine new blade
some years back. In actuality, Bilal is the ghoul of Fariq the
Assamite. He loyally does his master's bidding, including
supplying Geza Arpad with potent Eastern drugs that the
Prince of Esztergom feeds to his sire, Bulscu.

Delizbieta of the Dark Eyes: Some years ago asmall group
of dark-skinned, dark-haired people dressed in brightly colored
clothes entered the city of Buda-Pest. Many folk claimed they
looked like the depictions of ancient Egyptians shown on old
scrolls. Clearly different from the Hungarians in dress, speech
and customs, the group lives in a wagon in New Town, just
outside the town walls. One of them is a tinsmith who works in
the Royal Market; others in the group trade horses at the Cattle
Market. However, a particularly striking young woman, has set
up asmall tent in the Royal Market. There she tells fortunes and
predicts the future for any who will make her a gift of silver. It
is rumored that those who have lost something valuable, and
who are willing to pay to have it returned, may go to Delizbieta
and tell her of the missing item. If "God is with her," she can
"find" the item and return it to its owner — for an agreed-upon
price. Delizbieta is one of the kumpania (traveling companions)
of the Ravnos who calls himself Izydor (the reason many of the
items in question are "missing").

BULGARIA

He who falls fighting to be free

can never die: for him the sky

and earth, the trees and beasts shall keen,

to him the minstrel's song shall rise...

— Hristo Botyov, "Hadzhi Dimitur"

Bordered on the north by the Danube and on the south by
Greece, Bulgaria stands apart from its Slavic neighbors, sepa-
rated from them by history, religion and reputation. Here,
Tzimisce voivodes engage in brutal infighting (from which
religion to espouse to which political faction to support). The
countryside provides a haven for wandering Gangrel and sup-
ports a sizable population of Shadow Lords, who delight in the
lack of unity demonstrated by the land's Cainite population.

Soria CSERDICA)

The land around Sofia, the largest city in Bulgaria, sits
high atop the Sofia Plain. Mountains surround it on four sides:
the Balkan Mountains to the north, the Sredna Gora range to
the south, the Lyulins to the west, and the granite peak of
Mount Vitosha to the southwest. These natural defenses
provide a strong deterrent to invasion.

Settled by the Serdi tribe of Thracians sometime during the
seventh century B.C., the city then known as Serdica fell four
centuries later to the Romans, who enclosed it in sturdy walls
and made it the capital of Inner Dacia. Thus fortified, Serdica
became a vital link along the Roman road that stretched
between Naisus, on the Adriatic Sea, and Constantinople.

Under Constantine in the fourth century, the city (now
known as Triaditsa) prospered as an important trade center.
Large parts of the city were destroyed when the Huns invaded
in 441, only to be rebuilt when the Byzantine Empire once
again asserted control. In the ninth century, the Bulgars
spread their influence to encompass the region around
Triaditsa, and the city was renamed Sredets. Its location
again gave the city a vital role in the First Bulgarian Empire.
Subsequent reconquest by the Byzantines in 1018 did little to
diminish the importance of Sredets (Triaditsa). Recently
retaken by the victorious Asen brothers, Sredets continues to
stand as a major center for trade, commerce and culture.
Many residents of the city are already beginning to refer to it
as Sofia, the city of wisdom.

DESCRIPTION

Although parts of the original Roman stone walls still
surround Sofia, they have been strengthened and fortified by
Byzantine and Bulgarian occupiers of the city. The Perlovets
and Vladaya Rivers, both easily fordable and little more than
broad streams, flank the city, providing easy access to water —
an important factor in times of siege. Watchtowers at regular
intervals along the walls and on both sides of the main gate
provide the local garrison with a commanding view of the
surrounding plain.


TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

THE MARKET

The center of the city is a large marketplace, where
peasants who farm the fertile Sofia Plain come to sell their
produce and the city's craftsmen and artisans display their
wares. The city's Cainite population keeps track of the daily
goings-on through ghoul servants who frequent the market.

SERDICA CASTLE

Dominating the city's western sector, Serdica Castle
stands, built atop the original Roman fortress during the rule
of Justinian and later rebuilt after the influx of the Bulgars in
the ninth century. The underground levels of the castle serve
as the home of the Lasombra Prince of Sofia, Basilio the Elder.
The castle is the residence of Andras Tibor, brother-in-law to
Peter and Ivan Asen. Awarded the title "Protector of Serdica,"
Andras privately hopes that his ambitious kinsmen will el-
evate him to a more royal status once they succeed in
establishing a new Bulgarian Empire.

St. SoFIA

The Church of St. Sofia, which stands near the eastern wall
of the city, symbolizes the Byzantine influence of Bulgaria's capital.
Erected in the late sixth century A.D., during the rule of the
Emperor Justinian, St. Sofia (or "Blessed Wisdom") isa three-nave
basilica formed in the shape of a cross, with an elaborate dome to
mark the intersection. Built from brown bricks laid in intricate
patterns that give the church a sense of depth and richness of
texture, the church rests on the foundations of an even older
predecessor destroyed by the Huns in the fifth century. Near the
church stands an elaborate Romanesque villa that is the residence
of the Archbishop of Serdica, Brencis Vidor, a bitter cleric who
aspires to restore the title of Patriarch to the position he occupies.

ROTUNDA OF ST. GEORGE

The fourth-century Rotunda of St. George originally
housed a Roman temple. Beginning in the eighth century,
local artists began decorating its interior walls and ceiling with
frescoes, which form an ongoing act of devotion on the part of
the city's faithful (and her wealthy patrons).

Counci, HALL

Between church and castle, overlooking the marketplace,
stands the Council Hall, built on the site of the ancient Roman
bulefteris. Andras the Protector holds daily audiences here with the
city's most prominent citizens and meets with his council of
advisors once a week. On the first day of each month, the
Protector's Council is open to all residents of the city, however

insignificant. Andras then hears grievances and passes judgments

concerning minor disputes. The Council Hall also serves as the
evening court of the city's Cainite prince and his advisory council.

MINERAL BATHS

Located throughout the city are a number of thermal and
cold baths, which take advantage of the underground mineral
springs found within the confines of the city. Part of the city's
Roman heritage, these baths (like the marketplace) serve as


gathering places for the citizenry, many of whom have pre-
served the ancient Roman custom of bathing regularly — a
practice which fell out of favor long ago in much of Western
Europe. The mineral springs also afford bathers with therapeu-
tic advantages. Separate entrances and bathing chambers
allow women to participate in the life of the bathhouse as well.

The House of the Eagle, the most luxurious of these baths,
occupies a sumptuous Roman-style building north of the
Council House. The wealthiest residents of Sofia/Serdica
come to this lavishly accoutered establishment to gossip,
socialize informally and soak themselves in its salubrious
waters. Unknown to them, the proprietor of the baths — a

portly, ingratiating man known as Jorgi the Bear — is the
ghouled servant of the Lasombra Basilio the Elder, who occa-
sionally resides in the adjoining villa and is attended by ghoul
servants. The bathhouse and the villa are decorated with
elaborate mosaics depicting Roman themes.

The House of the Eternal Mother, another mineral bath
located in the southwestern part of the city, actually houses a
pagan temple, where a good portion of the city's residents,
despite giving nominal allegiance to the Church, still practice
rites to honor the old gods. In times of plenty, sacrifices of
wine, bread, fine oils and scents are made here; when evil times
threaten, darker offerings are made instead, such as a young
maiden's virginity or the blood of a newborn.

CHURCH OF THE Hoty LiGHT

Ironically, another secret sect occupies a nondescript building
notfar from the pagan temple. Known to itsfollowersas the Church
of the Holy Light, this unchurchlike structure houses a small, but
fervent, branch of the Bulgarian Bogomil heresy. Led by a charis-
matic priest, Father Patryn, the faithful who worship here fully
realize the extent to which light and darkness are at war in the
confines of the city. Some suspect the true nature of the Cainites
who walk the city's streets by night, but they dare not reveal their
knowledge lest they bring persecution down upon themselves.
Father Patryn holds an even closer secret — the presence of one of
the Dark God's servants in a crypt far below the church.

OTHER SITES

Numerous inns and taverns dot the city, providing evening
entertainment for the citizenry and offering room and board for
travelers. The Sign of the Wing and Talon, located near the
House of the Eagle, serves the upper-class locals as well as
prestigious visitors. At the opposite end of the social scale, The
Sign of the Crossed Knives caters to the city's less scrupulous
elements — thieves, panderers, and common laborers.

Just inside the southern gate of the city, Cattle Square and
its adjoining stockyards host a yearly cattle drive every au-
tumn. Herdsmen from the surrounding lands bring their prime
animals to Serdica to sell; during this time, the city's popula-
tion swells to nearly half again its size.

A few Jews reside in Serdica, restricted to a small section of
the city unpleasantly near the stockyards. A small synagogue
serves the religious needs of this barely tolerated So

POLITICS AND RELIGION

The city of Sofia hosts as many divergent political and
religious factions as its checkered history might indicate. By far,
most of the city's population look forward to the eventual victory
of the Bulgarian independence movement. A smaller portion of
the citizenry, however, fears that the severing of ties with
Constantinople will open the land— and, in particular, the city of
Serdica — to renewed invasions by the Turks or the Magyars.
Others in Sofia favor establishing closer ties with the Turks, seeing
themas the natural enemies of Constantinople. Still others believe
that Sofia should seek alliances with Hungary and Romania.

Basilio fears all these movements. His power comes from his
ties to Constantinople, and he is keenly aware of how vulnerable
he is in this hostile territory. His fear of assassination makes him
inordinately paranoid, one reason he frequently sleeps in the villa
rather than in his usual, more well-known resting place.

Most citizens of Sofia subscribe to the eastern rite of the
Church, due to the long reach of Constantinople, but other
religious undercurrents exist within the city. The small Jewish
population worships quietly, although the Jewish faith is openly
acknowledged and tolerated for the present. Two secret sects,
one pagan and one heretic, also have congregations in Sofia.
The old religion, honoring the ancient deities, including the
Dark and Light Gods, has a widespread following even among
some of the so-called Byzantine Christians. The Bogomil her-
etics, though they would be horrified at being associated with
pagans, also accept the duality of God and share many of the
same beliefs as the pagans. Both pagans and Bogomils fear
discovery by the ecclesiastical authorities in Sofia.

LIFE IN THE CITY

Although it is not a port city, Sofia serves as a focus for
overland traders between Western Europe and the Byzantine
Empire. It also acts as a market for all sorts of goods in Bulgaria.
During festival times and on feast days, the city becomes a
boisterous hive of activity, and the troubles that beset this part
of an empire-to-be seem to vanish in the general air of celebra-
tion. At other times, a grimmer feeling permeates the city, as
those whose lives depend entirely on the whims of their rulers
realize just how precarious their existences are. Centuries of
invasion, occupation and rebellion have imbued many of Sofia's
citizens with a fatalistic attitude. Dreams of a Bulgarian Empire
are for those who have the leisure to envision them.

The city's marketplace fills with purveyors of all manner
of wares and produce during the daytime. Importers of goods
from Constantinople and even Turkey do a thriving business
among the wealthy, but the real patrons arrive in the evening
after most sellers have closed down their shops and sought the
safety of their homes or the conviviality of a well-lit tavern.

After sunset, most of the city's businesses close and bar their
doors. Only the inns and baths remain open later in the evening,
and even then, their proprietors walk quietly around the few
individuals who linger long into nightfall. On certain nights, a few
shops and stalls remain open, their owners knowing that they will

ges aL AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


THE Bocomi Heresy: PAGANISM
CHRISTIANIZED
Imported into Bulgaria near the end of the 10th
century by the Emperor John
variant known as Bogortil!
attracted many followe: sAmongB gatia's po ukition.
Like the pagans whe Wéifhipped

gcospis Christian

of darkpessand

of God, was the creator x
younger son, was sent to Say
creator. Eschewing ax
and the ina jor pari the fy

s of worship
fected cenvad

jul garian peasantry, offering
tine faith that symbol-
tantinople. Faced with

oy by the 13th
century. Their nduatistic Ch tianity, however, spread
to the West, resurfacing among believers who called
themselves Albigensians or Cathars.

receive an important visitor with money to spend and particular
tastes to satisfy. Those few mortals who have encountered the

Cainites of the city know in their hearts that the Dark God exists.

PEOPLE

The mortal population of Serdica faces an uncertain
future. The prospect of imminent freedom from Constantinople
brings with it the frightening reality of standing alone against
their other enemies: the hostile tribes of Russia, the ambitious
German Empire and the growing threat of the Turks. Those
who are not concerned about these matters instead worry
about the state of their souls. Only a few realize how little
control they have over both temporal and spiritual matters.

Like the mortals, the Cainites of Sofia dwell extensively
on their political future. Freedom from the rule of
Constantinople's powerful Cainites may very well place them
at the mercy of the warring Tzimisce voivodes, either those in
Bulgaria or foreign Fiends from Transylvania. It might also
leave them vulnerable to the upstart Tremere or the calculat-
ing Ventrue from Western Europe. Basilio plays upon these
fears as best he can, striving to delay the night when a native
Tzimisce overthrows him. At least one Cainite in the city
contemplates more than power and advantage, however,
while another questions his ability to discharge an unpleasant,
but honorable, duty.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Mortas

Andras Tibor, Protector of Serdica: In his late 20s, the
Protector of Serdica (or Sofia) has linked his fortune with that
of his brothers-in-law, Peter and Ivan Asen, the liberators of
Bulgaria. Andras Tibor projects an air of utter confidence as he
goes about his responsibilities as ruler of Bulgaria's largest city.
Privately, however, he worries about the consequences he will
suffer if the Asens fail in their rebellion. To this end, he is
amassing a private hoard of valuables against the possibility of
having to leave the city suddenly. In the meantime, he has
encouraged the growth of his city, hoping that it will one day
become the capital of a Bulgarian Empire.

Andras has begun to suspect that the odd sounds he
sometimes hears late at night in his palace may be more than
the wind blowing through the lower chambers. He often feels
as if someone — or something — is watching him and
whispering suggestions in the hours just before daylight.

Brencis Vidor, Patriarch-in-Waiting: In his early 50s,
Archbishop Vidor epitomizes the bitterness of his people.
Despite his devotion to the Church, he resents the relegation
of Bulgaria's former patriarchy to a mere archbishopric. He
hopes that if Bulgaria succeeds in shaking off the reins of
Constantinople, the new Bulgarian Empire will regain the
right toa patriarchy, with himself as Patriarch of the Bulgarian
Church. He is considering beginning a concerted search for
heretics, apostates, blasphemers and pagans, believing that
purging Bulgaria of all nonbelievers (including Jews) will
prove his worthiness to ascend in the hierarchy of the faithful.

Father Patryn, Guardian of the Purified: An austere man in
his middle 30s, Father Patryn leads his flock of Bogomil Christians
by his example. Given to lengthy fasts and many forms of self-
denial, Father Patryn strives to lead the perfect life, rejecting the
world and all its temptations and holding only to the spiritual. Ifhe
could live on air, he would do so, considering even the act of taking
food or drink asa sin (albeit a minor one). The Dark God is all too
real to him, for one of the Evil One's daughters has asked him for
sanctuary and forgiveness, which he has granted, but he now
wonders if he has given himself up to damnation. Although Patryn
has learned much from Amalia about the creatures who call
themselves Cainites, he fears that he has bought this knowledge at
too greata cost. To this end, Patryn has recently convinced her that
both theirsalvations depend on saving other Cainites from damna-
tion — by any means possible. If it entails staking the unrepentant
out in the sun so that their souls may be purified, so be it.

Jorgi the Bear, Proprietor of the House of the Eagle: Jorgi's
father and his father before him managed the prestigious baths
knownas the House of the Eagle. After the Asens began their war
against Constantinople ten years ago, Jorgi encountered a charm-
ing foreigner who offered him long life in return for the simple act
of drinking the stranger's blood. Now, Jorgi serves the Cainite
Prince of Sofia, Basilio the Elder, with all his heart. Although he
does not understand the precise status of his master, he realizes
that it is his duty to listen carefully to all that goes on in the
"privacy" of the baths and report what he hears to Lord Basilio.


LITHUANIA

The pagan lands of Lithuania stretch along the Baltic Sea
region. The region consists of forests, marshes, and other
wilderness tracts. The people and land alike are riddled with
remnants of the old ways, and it is wise to show respect for the
elder denizens of the land in Lithuania.

PAGAN RELIGIOUS PRACTICES

Many accounts of pagan practices in Lithuania are dis-
torted because of the diversity of Lithuanian pagan beliefs in the
12th century. However, a few generalizations can be made. To
begin with, many Lithuanians venerated a holy trinity of
deities. Andai (or Andojas) ruled the heavens; Perkunas, simi-
lar to the Slavic god Perunas, was agod of Thunder; Telieval (or
Kalevelis) allied with Thunder against the reign of Heaven.
Interpretations of many of the ancient legends vary greatly from
one region to another. Perkunas, for instance, was condemned
by some tribes as often as he was praised by others.

Animism was a strong part of Lithuanian religion, and many
pagans considered the ancient spirits of the Earth to be quite wise.
Harvest sacrifices and sacred stones were used to encourage pros-
perityamong farmers. Whether woods and trees were considered to
be gods themselves is debatable, but they were definitely seen as
holy. Some were vigilantly guarded so as to not be profaned. More
than one tale exists of a Christian priest who encamped or, even
worse, made plans to build achurch ina sacred grove and was killed
for his foolishness. The term "alka" is used to describe a grove that
is holy enough for rituals, or a hill where sacrifice is practiced.

Communing with the natural world and showing rever-
ence for the turning of the seasons were, of course, important
parts of the Lithuanian faith. Truth was found in the natural
world. The behavior of certain animals could be used to inter-
pret the will of the gods in many regions. For instance, one
variety of green snake, the zaltys, was not to be harmed because
of its displays of good or bad omens. In a similar manner, pigs
were symbolically associated with the underworld, and the
horse was hallowed by its role as a servant of the gods.

Holy men lived in remote places in the wild. Their manors
in the wilderness, called sacrae villae, were used as places of refuge
during wars and as centers of religious activity in times of peace.
One important type of holy man was the blutekirl, the priest of
sacrifice. At proper times, the sacrifice of animals could be used
as an offering to the gods to ensure victory. Although rare, it was
also possible to sacrifice humans in more extreme circumstances.

Burial customs tell much about a culture, and the fact the
Lithuania had sucha variety of them tells of the region's diversity.
Over time, however, cremation by means of a funeral pyre
became the most common custom of burial. In some cases, a
respected man would be cremated with his horses or items that
would be useful in the afterlife. While inhumation was preferred
in other areas, it is telling that in the 13th century, pagan
apostates were known to exhume their loved ones from Christian
graves and reverently consign them to the pyre to save their souls.

THE SUPERNATURAL IN LITHUANIA

One of the most curious legends concerning Lithuanian
paganism comes not from within it, but from without. Western-
ers were certain that the country had some variety of "pagan
Pope" hidden from outsiders, a figurehead who brought unity to
the pagan cults. By their interpretation, aman called Krivé, who
was supposedly revered much as the Western Catholics revered
their Pope, held court in a place known as Romuva. Numerous
stories supported this idea especially after the 1320s, including
the aforementioned account of Peter of Dusburg.

While this idea has never been substantiated in our world,
there is some degree of truth behind the rumor in the Dark
Medieval era. There is a Krivé behind the extensive religions
of Lithuania, but not ina place mortals would presume to look.
The Cainites of Lithuania are not so desirous of feudal power
or vast herds. Instead, the Krivé is an undead king overseeing
many of the spiritual affairs of the night.

While the supernatural world is hidden from mortal eyes
in many of the so-called "civilized" nations, there is little need
for such a pretense in a land where belief in magic is so strong.
Though far from blatant, Lithuanian Cainites do not actively
avoid the mortal priests who seek their wisdom, nor are they
shunned by the religious fear of Westerners.

Each of the major regions of Lithuania has its own Cainite
"High Priest" to oversee supernatural concerns, and each, in
turn, sends envoys and messengers to the Krivé. When he is safe
within his sacrae villae, he is somewhat more difficult to
petition, and with good reason. The various supernatural fac-

tions of this country are more open about cooperation, and, in
fact, the Krivé is often intimately acquainted with the court of
the fae, whose discussions are often held in realms that Her-
metic mages know as regio — hidden places that are difficult for
the unenlightened to enter. Although there is no set location
called Romuva, the Krivé always establishes his sacred village
not far from a faerie realm.

It has been documented that many Lithuanian pagans
havean open belief in such creatures as vampires, shapeshifters
and faeries. As such, they tend to be more enlightened as to
how to approach these creatures best. Belief in astral travel of
sorts is also common, and the Krivé may choose to oversee his
lands by this means.

Werewolves in Lithuania are extremely devoted to the sacred
grovesandhills of theirhomelands, and their gallant defense of such
places is one reason these caerns and glens will remain unsullied
well into the 17th century. Mages of Lithuania hold great power,
and many of them are of a particularly naturalistic bent. Shaman-
istic magi and the members of a small, yet devoted, order of
shapeshifters known as the Bjornaer are prevalent here.

As for the domains of wraiths, the veil separating the
world of the living from that of the dead is thinner here, as the
fear of death is not as strong as in many places of Western
Europe. The pagans of this land are already familiar with the
custom of preparing items (that is, potential relics) that may be

CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


of use in the afterlife. By some accounts, the Krivé can see
portents concerning the deceased; by tradition, some pagans,
many vampires and fae find it easier to converse with the lands
of the dead during the rituals of Samhain.

The faeries of Lithuania are perhaps the most dangerous
creatures of all; mortals would be wise to tread carefully in areas
where the fae are strong. Even by Lithuanian standards, their
culture is difficult to understand, and passions run strong
among them. The vampiric Krivé himself must bow before the
will of the fae.

Lithuanian Cainites care little for power or privilege. If
they did, they could find far better opportunities in the West or
the East. Lithuania remains something of an isolationist haven,
as it will for centuries. Typically, far fewer clans are represented
here. Generally speaking, Gangrel see to the preservation of the
alki and other such natural places, while Nosferatu commune
with the underfolk. Ancient Tzimisce and Malkavians are the
most notable vampiric rulers of Lithuania.

In this land, Malkavians are not so troubled by insanity.
There are several explanations for this. One being the
Lithuanian Malkavians have a mortal fear of the demon
Kupala, the lord of corruption, and they have worked ac-
tively to prevent his spiritual servants from spreading in
these domains. As one would expect, Western Cainites
consider this fanaticism to be a typical pagan delusion, and
Cainites who ally with the Christian invaders are often a far
more serious threat than they realize. As pagan Cainites are
slain, the earth is fouled by the corruption of Kupala's
children. The Malkavians of Lithuania will gradually suc-
cumb to insanity asa result, eventually collapsing the Cainite
political structure of the nation.

KIEVAN Rus

The capitals are rocked with thunder

Of orators in wordy feuds.

But in the depths of Russia, yonder

An age-old awful silence broods.

Only the wind in wayside willows,

Coming and going, does not cease.

— Nickolai Nekrasov, "The Capitals Are Rocked"

Kievan Rus occupies the land from the Baltic to the
Black Sea and from Transcarpathia to the Volga River. This
vast area holds within it hundreds of small settlements and
minor principalities, dozens of cities, and several different
types of terrain. When viewed on a modern map of Europe,
the territory claimed by Kievan Rus (roughly corresponding
to today's Ukraine) is the geographic center of Europe.
Blessed with hundreds of streams, four mighty rivers (in-
cluding the Dnieper, which is the third-largest river in
Europe) and links to the Danube, the Baltic and Black Seas,
Kievan Rus occupies a unique position in which trade has
flourished for centuries. The countryside boasts fields,
meadows, rolling hills with deep, green forests, mountains

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

and valleys that spring to life with wildflowers after the
winter thaw. Dense forests are home to deer, elk and
pheasants, and the Carpathians play host to a myriad of
crystalline waterfalls. The climate is temperate (unlike
most of Russia) and pleasant. Vast steppes and black, fertile
earth make Kievan Rus an agricultural oasis. Its chief city
was Kiev for most of its existence as a state. That honor has
now passed on to Novgorod.

"GOLDEN KIEV"

Built on the wooded area that rises above the west bank
of the Dnieper River, Kiev is one of the oldest cities in Europe.
Formerly called "Golden Kiev," the city's fortifications once
included the so-called Golden Gate, the main gateway into
the city during Yaroslav's rule. Kiev's glorious past is belied by
its present state of disarray. Recovering from its sacking in
1169, Kiev is beginning only now to come to life again.

The city is divided into three main districts. Old Town or
Upper Town is concentrated near the northern end of the hill,
centered on St. Sophia Cathedral. The commercial district,
historically occupied by the merchants' quarter and the river
port, lies north of the old town and below it along the bottom
of a valley. Called Podil or Lower Town, it plays host to the
city's main square. Pechersk, the ecclesiastical center and site
of the Monastery of the Caves, runs southeast along a ridge to
the south of Kiev proper.

Across the river on the east bank are a series of wooded
islands. Roving Gangrel and Nosferatu occasionally use them
as havens and staging grounds for raids.

Cipper Town

Only a few of the fine houses and palaces that once graced
the Upper Town remain. This city on the hill was once the
residential area for Kiev's nobility and church officials. Most
of the wooden structures burned during the Prince of Suzdal's
sacking of the city. Among the rubble one can find a beauti-
fully carved post or colorfully painted portion of a chair. Most
have long since been carted away for use as firewood. The
gutted remains stand as grim reminders of the savagery that
destroyed the beauty and culture of Kiev.

A few buildings remain almost untouched, protected by
faith or fortune. Some stone houses also remain; most of them
have been claimed by remnants of the families who once lived
within, by those seeking to elevate themselves beyond serfdom
(mostly runaways from estates near Novgorod), or by bandits
and criminals who find the solitude of the nearly deserted
Upper Town to their liking. The leftover debris has been used
in the construction of hovels, which are used by whatever
vagrants and transients can claim them.

To put it bluntly, Upper Town is a den of thieves and
murderers. Death stalks the ruined streets, sometimes looking
for no more than a pair of boots, a warm cloak or a skin of wine.
Cainites who don't mind drinking such vintage can find their
fill among the dispossessed footpads of the Upper Town.


St. SOPHIA CATHEDRAL

The largest intact area of Upper Town, St. Sophia Cathe-
dral and Monastery is the city's oldest church. Built between
1017 and 1031 to honor Prince Yaroslav's victory over the
Pechenegs, it was named after Hagia Sophia (Holy Wisdom)
Cathedral in Constantinople. Byzantine in structure, the
church originally had a central nave and two side aisles with
semicircular apses at its eastern end. Two arcades were added
to the north and two to the south in the 11th century, nearly
doubling the church's width. Another was added to the
western end soon after.

The exterior walls are constructed from patterned pink
brick. The roof holds 13 cupolas (symbolic of Christ and the
12 apostles). Inside, the church is dominated by hundreds of
mosaics in the Byzantine style. Walls and domed ceilings are
awash with color, gleaming with the tons of gold and silver
used in their construction. Most notable of the figures is the
glorious mosaic of Christ Pantokrator ("all ruler"), which
occupies the central dome. Patterns on floors and altars alone
would command the attention of any Toreador for a month.

Formerly, St. Sophia Cathedral also served as a center of
culture and learning. The church housed the city's first school
and library. Its proximity to the Royal Palace (it is adjacent)
and its importance as the seat of the metropolitan (the most
important religious figure in Kiev) thrust the church into a
position as host to all royal ceremonies, including the welcom-
ing of diplomats, coronation of kings and signing of treaties.
Perhaps because of these secondary functions, the southwest-

ern gate tower depicts more secular pursuits in its frescoes,
including chariot races, musicians and hunting scenes.

No mortal in Kiev (excepta few priests who live here still)
can explain why the church was not looted during the sacking
of Kiev. The restraint of the Prince of Suzdal's soldiers is
understandable only if the role of Darvag Grozny (Darvag the
Awesome or Terrible) is known. This notoriously pagan
Kievan Tzimisce once boasted that he would one night per-
sonally tear down St. Sophia Cathedral "stone by stone,
mosaic by mosaic" to show the pitiful mortals how pathetic
their "new" god was. Enraged that mortals might beat him to
it and destroy something he thought of as "his to obliterate,"
he and his ghouls surrounded the church as the prince's men
sacked Kiev, tearing apart anyone foolish enough to challenge
him. After two such incidents, the rest learned to keep their
distance. When the grateful priests emerged from the church
to thank Darvag Grozny, he spat blood on them and vanished
into the growing dawn. He has yet to fulfill his vow.

GOLDEN GATE

Constructed in 1037, the Golden Gate marked the center
of Kiev. It served as the main entryway to the city and as a
watchtower. The gate still stands, in a fashion. Made of brick
and stone, the gateway consists of a vaulted passageway that
runs beneath a platform where guards stand. Also on the
platform is a small chapel, the Church of the Annunciation.

Knownasa gate-church, the structure's cupola and doors were
covered in gilded copper sheets. This flashing golden array
gave it its name. Kiev's arched entryway, inspired by
Constantinople's Golden Gate, once served to anchor the
city's fortifications. Broken ramparts still stretch outward from
the gate. A "robber-prince" will occasionally lay claim to the
Upper Town and station guards on the gate to exact tolls and
watch who enters the city.

Lower Town (Poni)

A winding, cobblestone street leads down from Upper
Town to the Podil or Lower Town below. The long, steep
street traditionally housed artists, stonemasons and small inns.
Beginning at the foot of Volodymyr (Vladimir) Hill, the
Lower Town stretches north alongside the river's flatlands.
One of the city's oldest sections, the Podil is home to the few
fishermen, merchants and artisans left in Kiev. Since its near-
destruction, this section of Kiev has become the refuge of
pirates, thieves, murderers, mercenaries and the people who
gravitate to their company: prostitutes, caravan owners who
care little where they obtain their goods, and slavers. Barely
civilized during the day, the Podil falls entirely to the mercy of
these dangerous mortals after dark.

MaIN SQUARE

This open area is central to the district and plays host to
caravans as well as local craftsmen's booths and tables. The
marketplace swarms with activity during the day, when artisans
sell their crafts, merchantsstrike deals, farmers bring their produce
to sell, and fishermen auction their catches to the highest bidder.
A few beggars creep through the market, taking care not to brush
against or antagonize any of the pirates or mercenaries who bully
better prices from those with something to sell.

After dark, the market attracts a different crowd. Inns onall
sides of the market sell alcoholic drinks to the mercenaries and
toughs who frequent the night market. Slave auctions bring
interested buyers from as far away as Poland and Hungary.
Women and young men are auctioned to the highest bidder for
the night as well. Arguments turn into brawls at the slightest
provocation. The decent folk of the Podil avoid the market at
night at all costs, lest they too end up on the auction block.

St. Cyrit's CHURCH

Northwest of the main square, St. Cyril's Church rises
above a block of demolished buildings. The church was built
in the 12th century and commissioned by the wife of the
Prince of Chernivhiv to become the cathedral of a monastery.
The church's cruciform construction is the basis for extensive
painted murals. Stripped of its gold and silver during the
sacking of Kiev, the church now makes do with plain wooden
replacements in the service. Extensive crypts, the resting
places of royalty, lie beneath the building. Rumor suggests that
these crypts might house unholy entities — ghosts whose
resting places were disturbed by looters.

CITIES AND SETTLEMENTS OF THE EAST


RIVER Port

Just beyond the main square is the river port of Kiev. Once a
thriving mercantile hub crowded with more ships than it could
comfortably dock, the port isnow almost as deserted as the outlying
portions of the ravaged city. Fishermen dock at the port and haul
theircatch to the main square, and occasionally ships from upriver
will briefly put in at Kiev, but her glory days as the center of trade
on the Dnieper are over. The docks themselves are neglected, and
the portmaster spends his time sleeping off the effects of the
previous night's drinking bouts. A few well-kept crafts moor at the
port. These sleek vessels are always guarded and belong to the river
pirates who plague the other ports along the Dnieper, then retreat
to Kiev, where the lawless can celebrate without being disturbed.

THE SIGN OF THE SKULL

This large inn caters to the lowlifes of Kiev. It is justabout the
only place in the city where travelers can get a decently cooked
meal anda bed, but they must be willing to pay exorbitant prices.
Further, those without sufficient guards or enough obvious power
may awaken after a drugged meal to find themselves chained in
line with other unfortunates and headed for a life of slavery.

Owned and operated by the self-styled "queen of Kiev," a
cruel and lovely woman called Galatia Karlanova, The Sign of
the Skull caters to exotic tastes. Anything can be had fora price;
drugs, drink, thieves, assassins, bedslaves and bloodslaves are
only a few of the inn's offerings. Galatia herself is the ghouled
servitor of Darvag Grozny, a Tzimisce who resides in Kiev. The

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Fiend keeps a secret haven below the cellars of the inn. Galatia
recognizes Cainites when she sees them and might play up to
them while telling her master they are in town.

PECHERSK

This entire district is given over to a series of monasteries
and churches. A few fields are tilled by the monks, but their
chief support comes making icons and from writing and
copying historical and religious chronicles.

MOonasTERY OF THE CAVES

Built in 1051, Pechersk Lavra ("senior monastery of the
caves") was Kievan Rus's first monastery. It has long been the
area's most famous religious center as well. Built by the monks,
who dug out cells for themselves in the cavesalong the ridge and
tunneled under the river, the monastery also served was their
resting places after death, with each monk's body preserved and
sealed into his cell or into a wall niche. The underground
passages that connect the various caves and cells are low and
narrow; travelers gain the impression of being trapped under
tons of rock and dirt. Parts of the labyrinth are lined with the
monks' mummified bodies, enclosing the space further.

Despite these rough accommodations, the monastery
flourished. Atop the ridge above the caves, the Dormition
Cathedral was built in 1073 and completed in 1089. Kiev's
second great Byzantine-inspired church, its facade is beauti-
fully worked with elaborate mosaics and friezes.


After the Dormition Cathedral was built, the caves
became an entire complex of churches, among them the 1 1th-
century Assumption Cathedral. The Church of the Redeemer
of Beretovo, just outside the complex proper, was built on the
orders of Prince Vladimir Monomakh (who married King
Harold of England's daughter). Intended as the burial place for
Kievan princes, it contains the tomb of Vladimir's son Yuri
Dolgoruki, the founder of Moscow.

Untouched by the madness that prevailed when Kiev
itself was sacked, the monastery continues its daily routine.
An entire hoard of Scythian gold, though prominently
displayed as one of the church treasures, has thus far failed to
tempt the pirates and other scum who now frequent Kiev —
perhaps because legend has it that its theft would unleash a
potent curse.

POLITICS AND RELIGION

Kiev has no political clout or agenda in her current
battered state. There is no prince of any kind in Kiev, either
Cainite or mortal. Although the undead occasionally pass
through the city on their way elsewhere, the only Cainite who
currently makes his home in Kiev is Darvag Grozny, who cares
little for politics or titles. As long as no one else infringes on
what he considers "his," he is content to feast among the ruins
of Kiev. One night, he tells himself, he will emerge from his
self-imposed inaction long enough to destroy St. Sophia.

Churches that still remain in Kiev continue to hold
services and uphold the Orthodox faith. Those unbelievers
who currently hold the upper hand in the shattered city are
ignored as long as they, in turn, do not disturb the Church.
While the monks and priests, as well as the common people
of Kiev, feel powerless before the seasoned mercenaries and
pirates, were they inspired to battle those folk (perhaps in
response to actions against one of the churches), they could
eventually overcome the unsavory element by sheer weight
of numbers.

Some merchants hope that by continuing trade, they
can restore Kiev to a position of prominence. They attempt
to maintain good relations with caravans from both east
and west. If there is a political faction in Kiev, the mer-
chants are it.

LIFE IN THE CITY

Life for most residents goes on much as it always has.
The main difference is that the city is much poorer, wares
bring far less money, and many of the former serfs now act as
independent farmers. Little is left of the culture and riches
Kiev once boasted. Once highly educated, most of the
populace has fallen into illiteracy. Few have much time to
spare in the appreciation of art and beauty; Kiev's fine
craftsmen were sold into slavery, or killed, or have long since
gravitated to richer areas.

No one is really in charge, though several groups of pirates
and mercenaries vie for top position within their districts.
Lawlessness reigns; there are no soldiers to guard against theft,
murder or rape. The entire city has the feel of rampant anarchy
that will later infect the pirate towns of the Caribbean.

The city rarely sleeps. The more honest citizens are
abroad during the day, trying to work and maintain some sort
of normal life. The night belongs to the strong. Once the lambs
are abed and trembling behind locked doors, anyone abroad
had best be able to defend himself if he wishes to walk freely
among the lions.

PEOPLE

The mortal population of Kiev is a curious mix. Some are
members of old families who have resided in Kiev fora century or
more. Many priests have also returned to their duties in the city's
churches; they escaped the Prince of Suzdal's attack. More of the
currentresidents have only recently arrived. Opportunistsabound
in Kiev, each one willing to prove he is strongest or most cunning,
and each looking to profit from the city's downfall. Each side vies
for control, with the city gradually recovering over the next few
decades and returning to a semblance of order — just in time for
its destruction at the hands of the Mongols.

MorrALs

Father Sergeyev: This elderly Orthodox priest acts as the
city's metropolitan, though Kiev no longer has sucha position.
He was present the night that Darvag Grozny defended St.
Sophia from the Prince of Suzdal's soldiers. When he tried to
thank the hero who had defended the church through the dark
night of the sacking, Father Sergeyev discovered that the holy
cathedral had been saved by a monster. Since that time, he has
lived in the cathedral and watched each night to see if the
"devil" will return. He has spent long hours in prayer and
contemplation wondering what it means. He has yet to deter-
mine whether he believes that the Church (and his faith) is
now corrupted or whether he is supposed to save the soul of the
monster whom God called to his service (if only for a night).

Galatia Karlanova, "Queen of Kiev": Long red hair and
blue eyes betray Galatia's Varangian ancestry. She has been the
ghoul of Darvag Grozny for over 60 years, though she appears to
be little more than 20. Galatia is the owner of The Sign of the
Skull, a disreputable inn where anyone can find anything — for
aprice. Most of the bandits and pirates of Kiev find her inn highly
useful and support her "reign" as queen. They would certainly
defend her from outsiders. Galatia is one of Darvag's favorites, a
pet he has trained to revel in inflicting mental and physical pain
on others. She is quite intelligent and a talented actress; most
Cainites would never know she meant them anything but good-
will. Galatia would rejoice at the chance to help Darvag capture
traveling Cainites (through supplying them with drugged vessels)
and watching them writhe under her master's mercies.



of Enstern

Cutope

3s it a voontder that we are a conquering
cace that we vere proud that vohen the
Wlagyar, the Lormbard;, the Beat, the Budgar or
the Giuk poured his thousands upon our fron-
fiers, we drove him back?

— Count Dracula, Bram Stoker's Dracula

Although many lesser Cainifes have come and gone
during the fucbulent history of Gasteen Curope, a nurnber
of povoect ul campices have remained there throughout the
centuries. In this chapter youll firtd mighty campices and
theie childer, unliving moticators of history itself voho voill
one night look doven upon idealistic princes of the modern
age. Decein ave members of most of the dans, save for the
Cy misce and Cremere — the members of those societies ave
detailed in Chapters Sive and Six.

Certain of these chavacters' Viatures and Dermeanors
ave found in the Vampire Mayers Guide for Vampire: the
WMiasquerade.


WHERE THE DAMNED ARE:
AA Listine oF CarNires By AREA

Because this book covers such a widespread area, the Cainites in the following three chapters often dwell
hundreds of miles from each other. While we have chosen to group Eastern Europe's vampires by clan rather
than by area, we include this guide detailing which CainiféSinhabit which areas so that you may readily see

who routinely interacts with whom.

BouEMIA

The Cainites of Prague:

Ecaterina the Wise, Brujah

Garinol Cappadocius, Cappadecian

Josef Zvi, Nosferatu "J

Prince RudolfBrandhy

Ardan of Gell ea Lan _ oe (se¢ eit Six)

Shaaefi Taimisee Metlnaselah: -(see Lens, ys
BULGARIA ,

The Cainites of Séfia® bn
Husayn al Fatin, Assaiiiite' ;
Amalia of Thrace, Cappadocian 9 ‘

Basilio the Elder, Lasofnbra *

HUNGARY

The Cainites of Esetergom
Liseta Iluminada, Lasombraf

Arianne, Toreador

Geza Arpad, Prince of Esco ire

The Cainites of Buda-Pest:

Fariq, Assamite

Octavio, Malkavian

Izydor Torenu, Ravnos

Vassily Taltos, Ravnos

Bulscu, Ventrue \
+ Prince Vencel Rikard, Ventrué

Roland, Ventrue D ‘

The Cainites of TranSyl¥

Dominic, Brujah ;

Mitru the Hunter, Gangrel

Tiberiu, Gangrel

Marusca, Nosferatu

Ruxandra, Nosferatu

U Nova Arpad, Ventrue

, The Tremere of Transylvania-(sée Chapter Six):
Malgorzata
Colestyn;, Mastér Librariany-ot Ceoris
Virstania, Misttess'6t. Gargoyles

Phe TPzimisceof Transylvania (see Chapter Five):

= Yorak, High: Priest of the Cathedral of Flesh
Noriz; The Corrupter of Legions

"Radis, Prinée of the. Domain of Bistritz
Marellé, Sculptor of Wolves

°° Miadimit Rustovitch, Voiiode Among Voivodes

KiEVAN.Ras

The Cainites of Kiev,
Darvag Grozny ("The Hopes Tzimisce (see

) Chapter Five):
AQTHUANIA

The Cainites of the Pagan Lands:
Adroran Malkavian

PoLAND
The Gainites of Krakows
Kazimiérz the Silent, Cappadocian
Jolanta of Niepolomice, Gangrel
Gutka,, the Salt Queen, Nosferatu
Kontadivon Aupfholm, Véntrue
Claas Drescher, Tremere (See\Chapter Six)
Ptince Razkoljna, Tzimis¢e (see Chapter Five)

‘WANDERERS (NO FIXED ABODE)
Arnulf, Gangrel
Lucita, Lasombra
Anatole, Malkavian
Zelios, Nosferatu


AWSSAMITE

- ;

FariQ, CONSPIRATOR AND Hoty
WARRIOR

Background: Fariq did not accept the Muslim faith until long after his death. He
followed a primitive tribe that worshipped the power and glory of Dagon in early
Mesopotamia. He gladly participated in cruel ritesand vicious sacrifices. He would have been
considered a criminal of the worst sort in any other society, yet his talents were useful to the
priests of the elder god. Fariq's religious fervor was such that he would eagerly capture
women and children of other tribes and deliver them to the priests for sacrifice. The
holy men of his tribe had a strong hold over him.

Anancient Assamite worshipped by one of these rival tribes lost several of
his most treasured ghouls to Fariq's machinations, and his people prayed to
him for revenge. Fariq could easily have been destroyed by the rival cult, yet
the devious Methuselah knew the value of turning his enemy against the
priests of Dagon. Farig was captured by the Ancient's ghouls, lured into
the Embrace and sent to act against his own tribe. No longer would
he serve Dagon; now his crimes would serve a cult of Baal.

Fariq was made to practice all manner of horrors in the name
of the Ancient. Thoroughly conditioned, he would have gladly, as
the saying goes, "strung up his innards as harpstrings unto Baal." As
anagentofcorruption, hestealthy abducted innocents tosatiate the
lusts of the Assamite Methuselah.

Fariq was at last captured by mortals and received punish-
ment for his blasphemous crimes. Tribesmen singed body parts
from his flesh, wailing women showered him with stones, and his
crippled form was dragged to a grave to be buried alive. Gibbering

in fear at what would become of him, Fariq drove a wooden shaft
into his own heart and forced himself into a torpid state that lasted
for a millennium.

Fariq finally awoke 1000 years later, consumed with remorse.
Nightmares of his cruel deeds had tormented him over the long
centuries. He had been freed from torpor by Assamites who recov-
ered his body, and he owed a great debt to them. The world had
changed, however. The old gods were dead and the Assamites of his
new world spoke of the teachings of Mohammed. Through Islam,
Fariq found civility...and salvation. Finding his humanity again was
an arduous task, but the five pillars of Islam showed him the way.

Some things had not changed. Again, his rescuers spoke of the evil
of another tribe. They railed about the threat of the Christians. He was
once more to become a weapon in a religious war. He held his tongue
cautiously and hid his true feelings. i

Now it is the 12th century, and conflict between Christians and Muslims HF
has reached new depths of zealotry. Over the last few decades, the Seljuk Turks \\
have done more than retake the Holy Land — they have also denied
Christian pilgrims the opportunity to travel freely through it. Christian
knights in search of false glory, stolen wealth and absolution from
bloodshed assault the armies of the East. Muslims strike back with any
means at their disposal, and atrocities are committed on both sides of the
battle. Fariq reverently serves his masters, yet harbors growing doubts over what

will result from further crusades.
mle cae THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE

TNT SN


The Old Man of the Mountain has considered using his
assassins to turn the tide of battle. Should the threat of another
crusade emerge, carefully planted Assamites are in position to
strike. Fariq is among them. Fariq slowly spreads his web of
influence in service to the Ancient Ones. His most trusted ghul
is a merchant named Bilal al-Hanbal, who trades in the bazaar
in Buda. Other Islamic ghuls have assumed trusted positions in
the city through him. Bilal al-Hanbal is a great asset, for he not
only commands great respect among the merchants, but he also
regularly travels to the East to acquire valuable goods. Though
tensions flare between Christians and Muslims, the trade routes
between their countries are important to both cultures.

As a resident of Buda-Pest, Fariq has made a secret
alliance with the city's prince, Vencel Rikard. Fariq and
Vencel secretly entertain hope for peace between Christians
and Muslims. Trade is the beginning. Perhaps, understanding
may follow. Should Alamut discover Fariq's secret alliance
with Vencel, Fariq may be disavowed by his own people; thus,
he continues to oversee the cabal of conspirators who plot to
overthrow the Ventrue. These cabalists may one night have to
choose between loyalty to Fariq and loyalty to the Assamites.

Fariq has also made an alliance with the Prince of Esztergom
—one that is far more sinister. Geza of Clan Ventrue is concerned
about the threat of his sire, Bulscu. Although Bulscu is Hungary's
oldest Ventrue, he is also a slave to addictive drugs smuggled by
Bilal al-Hanbal and Fariq. Bulscu's addiction taxes his constitu-
tion heavily, and his secretive "conferences" with Fariq and Geza
are often excuses to sate Bulscu's ravening hunger. Should Fariq's
agents be delayed or Geza's conspiracy be uncovered, Bulscu
could be unleashed, but his madness would result in great tragedy.
Perhaps it is better that the Beast has been chained.

Religious fervor has brought bloodshed, hatred and de-
spair once again. Through desperate alliances, Fariq hopes to
heal the wounds of the past and keep the humanity he has
fought so hard to regain. No doubt he will either secure his
freedom or be destroyed in the process.

Image: Humility is Fariq's shield against the intolerant.
Cultured and polite, Fariq is recognized and greeted with civility
by many of Buda-Pest's merchants. Time has changed him.
Simple robes and a modest keffiyah downplay his wealth. His dark
hairand beard arealways well kept, and his dark gaze can shiftfrom
inscrutability to affability quite easily. His eyes do not carry the
blank gaze of the dead, but instead show the intensity of a man
who has lived through much pain and intends to survive.

Roleplaying Hints: Treat all with respect — you need all
the allies you can get. It is important to maintain one's
priorities. First, you must speak of peace and the value of trade.
Then you must pay your dues to Alamut and the Assamites
who support you. Finally, you must prepare to betray them, for
one night they will rise up against your Ventrue allies.

Haven: There is a Muslim priest in the merchant section
of Buda, and Fariq has become quite fond of him. Fariq
slumbers beneath this priest's simple home. Should this refuge
fall, it would be an insult to all the Muslims in the city. The
fragile peace would be shattered.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Secrets: Fariq has gained another valuable weapon: His
childe, Ismail, controls a small cabal of corrupted Templars.
These mortal warriors have forsaken their fervor for the worship
of dark powers. They falsely believe that theiractions will gain the
favor of the demon Baphomet, to whom they fervently pray. The
cabal members do not realize that their actions do not really serve
ancient demons. In truth, they enact the will of Ismail.

This arrangement allows the Assamites to call upon these
warriors ina time of crisis. The cabal of Templars may travel freely
on both sides of the conflict, serving only themselves for the sake
of power. Sadly, Fariq's childe has been corrupted as well. What
began as a clever use of his vampiric powers has become an
exercise in egomania. Always desirous of further power, Ismail
hungers for Fariq's very soul. The mortal Templars are the agents
of his vengeance. By day, Ismail dreams of diablerizing Fariq. By
night, he furthers his preparations. Although Ismail rarely leaves
his home in the East, his Templar allies are preparing a journey
to the cities of Hungary. Fariq's conspirators will find out soon.

Influence: Ostensibly, Fariq is present in Hungary to over-
see the Muslims whotrade there. Secretly, he waits for ordersfrom
Alamut. With the assistance of his network of mortals, he could
easily position himself to assassinate the Ventrue rulers of Hun-
gary. This is an influence he hopes he will never have to use.

Destiny: Unfortunately, Fariq's noble goal will not come to
fruition. The atrocities committed by both Christians and Muslims
will destroy his idealism and fill his soul with bitterness. Muslims
will be driven from the Kingdom of Hungary in the mid-13th
century. Age will taint Fariq's mistrust. This will result in his refusal
to attend the Convention of Thorns in the 15th century, his
eventual indoctrination into the ranks of the Assamite antitribu
and, from there, his initiation into the Path of Evil Revelations.
Fariq will fall from grace, and he has a very long way to fall...
Clan: Assamite
Sire: Azif
Nature: Visionary
Demeanor: Survivor
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 4th c. B.C.

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 5, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 6, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Leadership 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 5, Survival 3
Knowledges: Investigation 3, Linguistics 3, Politics 3
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Obfuscate 3, Presence 3,
Quietus 5

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Contacts 4, Influence 3, Resources 3,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Road: Humanity 8

Willpower: 7


HusaAyN AL FATIN,
AAMBASSADOR FROM THE SARACENS

Background: Second son of a wealthy merchant, Husayn grew up in and
around the marketplaces. Though he was never one of the ragged children who
swarmed to such places, Husayn learned many skills from them — stealth, how to
lighten a rich man's purse, and, most importantly, how to talk his way out of trouble. A
hidden observer watched Husayn's maneuverings during one nighttime foray, noting his
quickness and grace as well as his gift for words. As Husayn started home that night, the
Assamite who had watched him kidnapped him and claimed him as his apprentice.

Husayn rebelled against his enforced training at first, but as he realized the skills he was
perfecting, he began to revel in his abilities. After a seven-year apprenticeship, Husayn
was inducted into the Assamite clan asa full member. Where he had once beena ia. HN l
boy, he now adopted order and structure as the keys to personal power and stability. RS i)

Husayn's gift for diplomacy led to his current assignment. He has Ge Ka =)
presented himself to Prince Basilio of Sofia as an ambassador from the Turks, j Up
claiming to share a common enemy — the Transylvanian and Bulgarian % : Ws Pi
Tzimisce — with the Lasombra leader of Sofia. In actuality, Husayn has AA a
come from Constantinople at the request of an old enemy of Basilio's,
a Tzimisce named Gabor. This Gabor feels he deserves to be Prince
of Sofia and overlord of all Bulgaria. Husayn is charged with the =
assassination of Prince Basilio. ee ZY)

Even Gabor does not know the full story, however. While it is
true that Husayn is ostensibly working for Gabor, Husayn is actually
carrying out the orders of the Saracens, who requested thathe accept
Gabor's assignment. His masters wish for him to spy on Sofia and
assassinate the prince of the city when it is most convenient for their
plans of conquest. Whether they actually want Bulgaria or not,
destabilizing the rebellious country at the proper moment could seri-
ously weaken Constantinople and draw offanumber of herarmies. Besides,
if Bulgaria suffers as a result of the assassination, the native Cainites will blame
one of their own — Gabor — for causing the trouble.

The Assamite has resided in Sofia for nearly two years, and Gabor is
beginning to wonder why Husayn has not made his move. Husayn claims that
he is merely taking his time, waiting for the moment of greatest effect in the
larger scheme of things. He is actually waiting for orders from Alamut. Further,
he has grown fond of the prince, seeing in the Lasombra a desire for civilization
and order that Husayn finds intriguing when compared to the arcane and
convoluted maneuverings of the Cainites he has known. Husayn hopes to
delay fulfilling his contract as long as possible, but he realizes that sooner or
later he is honor bound to obey its terms. He knows, unfortunately, that the
Lasombra is no match for him. Though he cannot hope to avenge his friend's
death, Husayn has sworn to himself that Basilio's final night on Earth would
soon be followed by Gabor's end as well.

ey

Image: Dark as a moonless night, Husayn has brown eyes and a curiously
effeminate face. He looks more like a romantic lover than a killer. The Assamite
prefers dark, jewel-toned colors and dresses in the Turkish fashion. He wears his
one weapon, a curved dagger, thrust through his sash. Although he is quiet,
Husayn almost always has a slight smile on his face. His eyes convey a lively
intelligence and interest in all that he sees.

Roleplaying Hints: You know that eventually you must fulfill
your contract. Though it pains you, your own honor and that of your Cs
clan depend on satisfying the terms set forth. Until that time, you
plan to learn as much as possible about the Bulgarians, their lust for rebellion

Pn EP egg THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE

TERT SON


and their client relationship with Constantinople. Find out
more about the Christian religion and why those who practice
it are unwilling to let others worship differently. See how far
you can actually extend the idea that you are an ambassador
from the Turks. If the two lands can reach an accommodation,
perhaps the Turks will cancel your assignment; you have no
qualms about cancelling the job from Gabor. He's nothing
more than a pig and deserves no respect. His assignment was
never the real one in any case.

Haven: Husayn has been assigned quarters near the palace. He
occasionally visits them to keep up the illusion that he resides there.
Hisreal haven lies beneath the marketplace, shielded from casual
passersby by a permanent market stall that sells leather goods.

Secrets: The Assamite knows that the Turks will eventually
lay claim to Constantinople and probably Bulgaria as well.
Whenever Husayn receives word that his assignment should be
carried out, he will know that Turkish armies cannot be far away.
He is aware that Basilio keeps a haven in a villa near the popular
House of the Eagle bath house.

Influence: Husayn hasa great deal of influence with Basilio.
The Lasombra needs all the friends he can get and welcomes
Husayn's counsel and overtures of peaceful trade. Though Husayn
has garnered some respect among a few of Bulgaria's Tzimisce,
most dismiss him as a sycophantic foreigner.

Destiny: When the Assamite finally strikes against Basilio,
agents that Husaynsecretly hired to guard the prince counterattack
andsend him into torpor. He is placed inacrypt beneath the House
of the Eagle, where he sleeps until Constantinople's conquest by
the Turks. When he awakens, he learns if he failed or succeeded
in killing Basilio (he is misinformed and told he succeeded).
Husayn eventually returns to Alamut, where he becomes a
staunch foe to those Assamites who support the Sabbat.

Clan: Assamite

Sire: Ahmal

Nature: Innovator

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1086

Apparent Age: 20

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 4, Music 1, Ride 2,
Stealth 3, Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguis-
tics (Slavonic, Greek) 2, Medicine 1, Politics 2
Disciplines: Celerity 2, Obfuscate 3, Presence 1, Quietus 4

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Mentor 3, Resources 2, Status 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Road: Chivalry 6

Willpower: 8

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

BrRUAH

DomINIc,
MERCENARY OVERLORD

Background: Like many Brujah, Dominic still burns with
hatred when he hears of the accomplishments of Clan Ventrue.
Despite the passing of over a millennium, he still seeks revenge
against them for their destruction of the city of Carthage. His
fury is even stronger because he was Embraced in that very city.
In epic grief, many of the oldest Carthaginian Brujah sired
trusted mortals to pass ona legacy of revenge against the Roman
Ventrue. Dominic was a general in the Carthaginian army and
ona fateful night long ago, he came before his vampiric master,
a Brujah Methuselah, to report that his army had been routed.

From the balcony of a stately palace, Dominic's sire
blankly watched the Roman armies as they ravaged his city.
The world as the Brujah knew it was ending. The impassioned
Methuselah threw Dominic against the marmorean walls of
his bedchamber as conflagrations consumed the city. Dominic
had served the Ancient One well as his slave, and on that
night, their union was violently consummated in blood.
Dominic received his Dark Gift, a thirst for revenge against the
Ventrue, and a burning hatred that would reside in his breast
forever. Mourning, his sire lacked the will to survive and threw
himself from the balcony into the destroying fires. Dominic
suffered through the rest of that night alone.

The flames sent Dominic into a spree of destruction that
lasted for days. Like many deranged Brujah childer, he wan-
tonly slaughtered Roman soldiers, but even these violent acts
could not quiet his grief. For Dominic, the epic carnage ended
in his violent impalement on the pila of Roman centurions. He
descended into torpor and his body was carried to a tomb by
Carthaginian soldiers, where it remained for several centuries.

Dominic awakened in the fifth century with a thirst for
the blood of the living and a stronger thirst for revenge against
the Ventrue. He slowly gained a subtle influence over a small
force of mercenaries; this handful of soldiers would be the
agents for his vengeance. Following the example of the barbar-
ians, he drove his warriors to Rome.

The opportunists sailed across the Mediterranean and
pressed to the north. The glory of destroying Rome, however,
would belong to Odoacer, the leader of a stronger barbarian
force. Within a few years, Dominic's mercenaries witnessed
what Odoacer's troops had done to the city. Rome had been
sacked, but many Roman Ventrue had survived. Dominic's
quest for revenge had merely begun.

Dominic became a master of military exploitation over
the centuries. He sought out Ventrue with power over civilized
nations and guided small units of mercenary scum to wealth.
Living the life ofa renegade, he set the strong against the weak,
and he profited by exacting his rage. He had led private
campaigns throughout Eastern Europe by the 10th century.


Still, he yearned for a larger triumph. So, the ambitious
warlord traveled to Constantinople to gauge the threat
of the Ventrue there.

The Patriarch of Constantinople, Michael of
Clan Toreador, realized the threat that Dominic
posed, yet he did not want to dismiss such a
useful tool. While the Ventrue of his city were

an integral part of its growth, the Methuselah
bore an ancient grudge with a Ventrue far to the
north. The Holy Roman Empire was becoming too
powerful, so Michael made an alliance with
Dominic to strike against this rival of Byzantium.

Dominic traveled north, gathering mortals and set-
ting them against the empire. He had already learned of the
fate of Hungary, a kingdom where barbarians had settled in the
Carpathian Basin after rampaging across the steppes of Russia.
They had reached a stalemate against the Holy Roman Empire,
and Dominic could sense the barbarians' hunger for further
conquest.

Through direct intervention, Dominic made the Hungarian
armies even more formidable. He enlisted several Brujah to aid him, as they were
eager to Embrace the most promising warriors. Ghoul soldiers gained preter-
natural prowess in battle by consuming Brujah vitae, and their fervor terrified
their mortal enemies. Dominic planned to Embrace the Hungarians' mortal
leader, Bulscu. His chosen one was a willing ghoul who rapidly gained a fierce
addiction to Cainite blood and seemed eager to become one of the seemingly
invincible undead.
Bulscu was ready to accept the Embrace — but not from Dominic.
During one of Dominic's absences, Bulscu had been Dominated and seduced
by the very Methuselah who bore such hatred for the Patriarch Michael.
Bulscu drove a wooden spike through Dominic's heart on the eve of a great
battle, again sending him into torpor. The betrayal was expertly timed.
With his thorough knowledge of the Arpad family, Bulscu rapidly gained
power in Hungary, respect among his clanmates and hatred from his Brujah
enemies. Bulscu becamé a means for the northern Ventrue to infiltrate the
political struggles to the south and turn Hungary away from the influence
of Byzantium. Michael's plan had failed.

Two hundred years later, Dominic has arisen again, eager to enact the
revenge of his clan. The Hungarians of the 12th century do not suspect, of
course, that the immortal traitor Bulscu is hidden far beneath one of Buda-
Pest's castles, but certain Brujah know this fact quite well. They have rescued
Dominic from torpor and invoke his name to muster support among
members of their clan. Several are active throughout the kingdom, stirring
up dissent against the Arpad rulers of the kingdom.

Dominic is eager to find allies against the Ventrue, especially enemies
of Bulscu. There is no shortage of opportunity. He has begun to travel in
Transylvania, where he hears many tales of Ventrue-instigated oppression. Dominic
knows of the hatred several Transylvanian Cainites harbor toward the western Hungarian
Ventrue, and once again, he seeks to exploit any opportunity to further his revenge.

Image: Although Dominic would never admit it, he was not recruited solely for
his martial prowess. Many consider his handsome demeanor overpowering.
Even death has not robbed him of his olive skin, soulful eyes and impressive
(>. = physique. Success on the battlefield resulted in many statues sculpted

Er SE age THE CHINITES OF EHSTERN EUROPE


in his honor. The Patriarch Michael seized several of them from
a Roman Ventrue general centuries ago, and he treasures them.
Dominic is oblivious to this effect he has on others, ashe considers
himself a warrior first and foremost.

Roleplaying Hints: Command is so ingrained in you
that you are cavalier, even nonchalant, about it. Most people
who deal with you really think that they follow your lead
entirely of their own volition. You despise the Hungarian
Ventrue, but even this hatred is understated until you actu-
ally meet them on the battlefield.

Haven: No fixed haven.

Secrets: Over a millennium, Dominic's command of the
Auspex Discipline has become truly astounding. Dominic can hear
the camage inflicted by his warriors in the chaos of battle, even as
he sleeps leagues away. Through Dominate, he carefully instructs
his lieutenants on military strategy, and he has been known toseize
the thoughts of enemy generals. Time has increased his abilities.

Influence: Brujah insurrectionists contemptuously travel
through the Kingdom of Hungary, looking for opportunities for
exploitation. Dominic's name carries great weight with them.

Destiny: Vassily of Clan Ravnos will sell a great deal of
information to the Brujah and will suggest that Yorak, the
Tzimisce Methuselah, would be a worthy conspirator. Dominic
will travel to Yorak's refuge, the Cathedral of Flesh, and thus fall
into his trap. The Brujah will be vivisected and held captive in
the Cathedral of Flesh. Through Vassily's network of informa-
tion, the Ventrue will be blamed for Dominic's disappearance,
making him a martyr. The truth will not be revealed until the
turn of the millennium, when Dominic is at last rescued. One
of the few remaining survivors of Carthage will then prepare for
the Final Days. His martial prowess will be truly awesome.
Clan: Brujah
Sire: Samal
Nature: Barbarian
Demeanor: Rogue
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 3rd c. B.C.

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6

Social: Charisma 6, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 4, Leadership 5

Skills: Archery 2, Melee 6, Ride 4, Stealth 2, Survival 2
Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Occult 2

Disciplines: Auspex 7, Celerity 4, Dominate 5, Fortitude 4,
Obfuscate 3, Potence 4, Presence 4

Backgrounds: Allies 5, Herd 4, Resources 3, Retainers 4,
Status (Brujah) 5

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 2, Courage 5

Road: Humanity 2

Willpower: 8

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

ECATERINA THE WISE,
AGITATOR OF PRAGUE

Background: A native of Prague, Ecaterina spent her early
years selling her father's bread in the marketplace of the Little
Quarter. Irresistibly attracted to learningand martial skills thatno
one would teach a woman directly, she hid on the edge of crowds
while storytellers told great tales. Alone, after darkness released
her from her daily chores, she would practice swordplay with a
wooden blade she had carved herself and hid near her home.

Even after her father died and she was forced to take over
the business, Ecaterina never ceased her whimsical fantasies.
This refusal to accept reality led to her undoing. She heard
drunken laughter from behind her while practicing one night.
Two hardened mercenaries moved forward menacingly to
show her the "proper duties of a woman." Realizing she faced
rape, if not death, Ecaterina wielded her makeshift sword as
best she could to defend herself. She managed to thrust her
blade through one attacker's stomach, but the blade broke and
she was struck down by the other man.

As he tore her clothing from her, his heavy body pressing
her to the ground, Ecaterina finally called for help. She fought
desperately, though her jaw ached and she could taste blood
where the man had struck her — then the man's weight was
suddenly lifted from her. Looking up, she could barely make
outa tall figure holding her assailant aloft. Hot blood spattered
onto Ecaterina. As a shaft of moonlight lit the alley for a
moment, she saw that both rapists' throats had been torn out.

The stranger held a hand out to her, urging her to leave
the scene before anyone found them there. Notwithstanding
that she had seen him tear apart two men with his teeth,
Ecaterina took his hand and followed him to his haven
beneath an unused church. There he tended to her broken
jaw and slashed face as best he could, giving her some of his
blood to strengthen her. In the following nights, Marhuel,
her benefactor, explained that he was a Cainite from a clan
known as Brujah. The Brujah sought redemption for their
curse by overturning injustice and establishing a different
kind of society. Women were not safe, he claimed, because
the Ventrue, greedy leeches who cared nothing for those
lower than themselves, had hired mercenaries to help keep
themselves in power.

Impressed by her indomitable spirit, Marhuel taught
Ecaterina real swordplay and introduced her to philosophies
she had never considered before. He spoke of Carthage and the
ruin the Ventrue had made of it. When Marhuel left to join his
sire, Dominic, in Hungary, he left behind him a newly Em-
braced Zealot, determined to undermine the Ventrue who
claimed Prague for his own. Her beauty ruined by cuts and the
lopsidedness of her jaw, Ecaterina began wearing a veil. Aside
from covering her wounds, it gave her a measure of anonymity.

She currently controls Prague's Old Town — to the
consternation of the Ventrue prince, Rudolf Brandl, whose
markets she is systematically ruining. Highly intelligent,


Ecaterina tacitly supports rumors that she is a survivor of Carthage. Few care to
quarrel with a Cainite who must therefore be quite old, powerful and very
dangerous. She supports the university as a means of spreading her philosophies
and also secretly backs several heresies, hoping to prove that the prince has no
control over the city. When German merchants blockaded the city in 1176,
forcing the crown to grant concessions to them, Ecaterina joined them. These
concessions have drastically reduced Prince Rudolf's revenues and have dam-
aged the Premysl family's fortunes as well.
Ecaterina seeks pawns she can use to throw suspicion on Prince
Rudolf. If she can trick the Premysls into thinking Rudolf lied about
the concessions and used the excess money he withheld to build up
New Town, she just might be able to overthrow the prince and
destroy the influence (at least in Bohemia) of all Ventrue.
Image: Ecaterina has long chestnut hair and piercing green
eyes. Her lower face is hidden bya veil, which covers the deformity
of her jawline and several deep, jagged scars along her chin. She
dresses more soberly than a merchant, sometimes adopting the
robes of a scholar rather than women's garb. Though she appears
to have kept the bloom of youth, her upright posture and keen
gaze hint that she is far older than she seems.
Roleplaying Hints: You are in charge of Old Town and
the university. Use that to garner allies for yourself. Treat
scholars with the utmost respect, the working people
with an acknowledgment of their value, and nobles
(especially Ventrue and their toadies) with the con-
tempt they deserve.
Haven: Ecaterina's haven lies in one of the lower
crypts of the university.
Secrets: Ecaterina became concerned with the
many beatings and deaths taking place in Old Town
and set out to discover what was happening. Watching
from the shadows, she caught sight of Josef Zvi sneak-
ing under the wall from the Jewish Quarter. Although
she has not yet confronted him, she now knows he is the
one responsible. She may require Josef to assist her at
some point in ascheme against the prince in return for
continuing to look the other way.
Influence: Ecaterina's influence extends mostly
over those at the university. She can occasionally
call in assistance from the merchants in the mar-
ketplace to further her schemes. She hasa negative
status as far as the prince is concerned, though
Garinol Cappadocius seems quite fond of her.
Destiny: Ecaterina survives several attempts
on her life (she was warned by both Josef and
Garinol). When the Anarch Revolt occurs,
Ecaterina jumps right into the middle oft, relish-
ing every moment. Having diablerized her way to
seventh generation in the late 20th century,
Ecaterina serves as a bishop of the New York City
Sabbat.
Clan: Brujah
Sire: Marhuel
Nature: Fanatic

SA SS

xs

SONOS ROS

CERRO =
SNES SRC OK
LOA


Demeanor: Innovator

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1150

Apparent Age: 16

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3/1 (without veil)

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 1, Empathy 3, Intimidation
2, Intrigue 2, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Herbalism 1, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 4, Hearth Wisdom 2, Law 1, Linguistics
(German, Greek) 2, Medicine 1, Occult 1, Philosophy 3, Politics 2,
Seneschal 1, Theology 1

Disciplines: Celerity 2, Potence 2, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 2, Influence 3, Resources 2,
Retainers 1

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Road: Humanity 7

Willpower: 7

CAPPADOCIAN

GaARINOL CAPPADOCIUS,
ABBOT OF PETRIN HILL
MoNASTERY

Background: Garinol was raised a firm believer in the
dualistic theology of Mithras, god of light. Though Garinol
originally hoped to become a priest of Mithras, his dreams died
along with his parents when he was seven. His entire family fell
toa disease which curiously failed to infect him, and it took him
several days to sway superstitious neighbors to help remove the
rotting corpses from his house. During those days, Garinol
spent an abnormally long time watching corruption invade his
relatives' bodies, spreading putrefaction in its wake.

<

Garinol, with nowhere else to go, accepted a priest's
invitation to stay at Petrin Hill Monastery in Prague. The
harsh routine there paradoxically soothed his soul, and he had
become a Christian within a year. The monks taught him well,
gifting him with an education anda thirst for knowledge he could
never have achieved had his parents survived.

One thing the monks did not teach him was to kill small things in
order to observe what happened at the moment of death. Nordid they know
about his version of the Mass, which he held over his victims, attempting to
make them rise up like Lazarus at his call.

The young man prospered in the monastery, eventually becoming a
postulant, then a monk. Seeming both penitent and kind, Garinol made
many friends among the monks. None guessed his true nature.

Garinol sensed another presence enter his cell one night as he
performed his rituals. Brother Jervais joined Garinol in his prayers, then
asked the younger monk if he truly wished to learn what lay beyond the
grave. Revealing that he was a priest of an unknown sect called the

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT


Cappadocians, Brother Jervais Embraced Garinol, then took
him to the ossuary where the monks' bones were laid to rest.
Unlike many newly Embraced Cappadocians, Garinol had no
fear of the bones that were all around him.

As he gained stature in the monastery, Garinol achieved
a reputation for holiness due to his stated aim of keeping a
nightly vigil, watching lest evil spirits assault the brethren.
Garinol was eventually elected abbot by younger members,
who often marvel that the abbot's piety seems to keep the
years from marring his pale flesh.

Garinol Cappadocius (he took the name to honor his clan's
founder) is an ally of Rudolf Brandl, Prince of Prague, but takes
little notice of political maneuverings and trade. He is more
concerned with contemplation and exploration. Although sup-
posedly responsible for overseeing the Little Quarter, Garinol lets
it go its own way while fencing with the Jewish Nosferatu Josef,
seeking freedom to wrest secrets from Jewish scholars.

Having encountered the golem during a surreptitious visit to
the Jewish Quarter, Garinol has become obsessed with creating a
similarservant of hisown—a fleshly creature, but one more durable
than the zombu most of his clan make. He has made nocturnal
visits to various houses in the Little Quarter and Hradcany,
kidnapping mortals for his experiments. His goal is to reanimate
a body of such strength that it can tell him of the secrets that lie
beyond death. Thus far, he has succeeded only in torturing and
killing a number of innocent people. If Garinol continues much
longer, the shortage of vineyard workers will become noticeable.

Image: Garinol is medium height and always dresses in

monk's robes. He has black hair and wide, black eyes. His skin
is so pale it looks translucent and he hardly seems old enough
tobeamonk, much less the abbot of the monastery. The abbot
has an almost sorrowful air about him, as though suffering
from a great burden.

Roleplaying Hints: You have become an adherent of the
Cainite heresy, believing that the founder of your clan will
arise and diablerize God, thereby becoming God. When that
happens, he will open the gate of Heaven to damned creatures
such as you. Until that time, you must continue your experi-
ments (one might prove of use to the clan) and beseech God
to forgive you and keep you from destruction.

Haven: Petrin Hill Monastery.

Secrets: Garinol knows that Rudolf Brandl is no more than
the Premysl family's puppet. He knows that Josef Zvi has a haven
somewhere near the Jewish Cemetery in the Jewish Quarter.

Influence: The abbot's influence lies mostly with church
affairs in Prague. Prelates visiting the city consult with the
learned and holy leader of the monastery on the hill often,
sometimes coming away physically drained by the conversa-
tion, yet strangely elated by the abbot's keen insights. He could
probably call on Ecaterina for assistance in an emergency.

Destiny: Garinol attempts to flee to the New World in the
wake of the Giovanni takeover of the Cappadocian clan. Hisship
is lost at sea and he sinks into the depths of the ocean, where he
enters torpor as the fish of the deep waters consume his flesh.

Clan: Cappadocian

Sire: Brother Jervais

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1099

Apparent Age: 22

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 4, Herbalism 3, Melee 1, Music 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Academics 3, Astrology 1, Hearth Wisdom 1,
Investigation 3, Linguistics (Latin, Hebrew) 2, Medicine 2,
Occult 3, Science (Biology) 4, Theology 2

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Fortitude 2, Mortis 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 1, Herd 2, Influence 3, Retainers 2
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Road: Heaven 5

Willpower: 7

KAZIMIERZ THE SILENT,
‘WATCHER OF KRAKOW

Background:, Kazimierz was born in the early part of the
10th century and grew up ina small village in southern Poland,
not far from the trading post of Krakow. His family was among
the first in his village to adopt Christianity, and he became
fascinated with the idea of eternal life as portrayed by the priest
who converted them. Expressing his desire to devote himself
to God, Kazimierz sought entry into the priesthood.

A wandering Benedictine monk convinced Kazimierz to
join his order, and the young man joyfully gave himself to the
contemplative life. Kazimierz retained his interest in the
transition from mortality to divine immortality and became
conversant with philosophical and theological teachings re-
garding the phenomenon of earthly death. His interest drew
the attention of a Cappadocian scholar, who took advantage
of a visit to the monastery to Embrace Kazimierz.

Atfirst, the newly made Cainite was horrified at what had
happened to him, but his sire convinced him that immortality
offered untold opportunities for continuing his studies and
dedicating his existence to prayer and penitence.

On the advice of his sire, Kazimierz created ghouls from
two of his fellow monks, convincing them that he had been
given a powerful gift from God. In this manner, he accompa-
nied his Benedictine brothers to Tyniec, where they founded
an abbey. Kazimierz took up residence in the crypts beneath
the cloister, claiming that a place dedicated to the dead would
serve as a fitting reminder of mortality.

In the century since he has resided at Tyniec Abbey,
Kazimierz has seen the demise of all his contemporaries —
with the exception of Brothers Feliks and Jakub, his ghouls.

THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE


Only these two know of Kazimierz's existence; both of them believe the vampire
to be a holy man who has vowed to subsist on the blood of the faithful as a
penance to God for the sins of the world. Kazimierz tends to the abbey's dead,
communing with the ghosts of the deceased brothers and keeping vigil over
the decaying forms entombed in the crypt's stone walls. He ventures into
Krakow occasionally, visiting the churches there and keeping track of the
Cainite doings in the city. He has never bothered to make his presence
officially known to Razkoljna.
Kazimierz suspects that the old salt mines that provide revenue for
the abbey were once used to store relics and scrolls relating to death
and the afterlife. Supposedly brought to the area by travelers
from the Holy Land, at least one such relic is rumored to hold
the mystical key to understanding — and repeating the ritual
of — Christ's resurrection. He convinced a couple of the
monks to explore the deeper areas of the mine in search of the
"holy" treasure. They failed to return, so he has decided to
investigate the mines more closely.

Although he is unaware of Gutka's presence in the
salt mines, Kazimierz senses something dark and ma-
levolent preying upon the miners. He blames the Cainites
of Krakow for the miners' and the monks' disappear-

ances; for this reason, he has not made his concern known
to any of them. He hopes to arouse the Christian community
to rise up against the "demons" in their midst (excluding
himself, of course). Soon, however, Kazimierz may explore the
mine's lightless depths himself.

Image: Kazimierz's deathly pallor and emaciated figure ac-
centuate his ascetic features. His heavy-lidded eyes make him
seem perpetually in prayer (or asleep). He wears the habit of a
Benedictine monk.

COO iii

Roleplaying Hints: Speak only when absolutely necessary.
Whenever possible, remind any Cainites you meet that, despite
their seeming immortality, they will have a final encounter with
death and God's judgment. Seek alliances with those who might aid
you in cleansing the mine of the evil that dwells within it.

Haven: The crypts beneath the Benedictine Abbey at Tyniec.

Secrets: Kazimierz knows that something very evil resides in the
salt mines. He falsely believes that this entity is linked with the
Cainites of Krakow — particularly, Razkoljna. He also knows of the

presence of a Tremere within the city, but his antipathy for Razkoljna
has kept him from betraying Claas's presence to her.

Influence: Kazimierz exercises some influence over the Chris-
tian community in the Krakow area, where he occasionally appears
as an itinerant monk whose sermons on death are instructive, yet
terrifying. His influence over the Cainites is greater in its potential

than in its actuality.

Destiny: Kazimierz's desire to cleanse the mine of its malevo-
lent presence eventually leads him into a confrontation with
Gutka. His power is no match for Gutka's, and he becomes her
(\ finest sculpture. He remains entombed in salt (and in torpor) until
his eventual discovery in the 17th century by a team of Giovanni
ghouls. Recognizing him for what he is, the ghouls bring him

from darkness into the light.

Clan: Cappadocian

Sire: Ungol

Nature: Penitent

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 965

Apparent Age: 40

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3, Leadership 2, Search 2,
Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Etiquette 2, Herbalism 3, Melee 1,
Music 2, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Hearth Wisdom 2, History 1,
Investigation 2, Linguistics (Arabic, Greek) 2, Medi-
cine 2, Occult 3, Science 2, Theology 2
Disciplines: Auspex 3, Fortitude 2, Mortis 4, Quietus 1
Backgrounds: Herd 4, Influence 1, Retainers 2
Virtues: Conscience 5, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Heaven 8

Willpower: 6

AMALIA OF THRACE,
PENITENT

Background: One of the oldest Cainites in Serdica,
this Cappadocian isa firm believer in the ancientstruggle
between light and darkness. Furthermore, she knows that
as a daughter of darkness, she is one of the damned. When
the Bogomils arrived in Bulgaria, she carefully studied the
small congregation that based itself in Serdica. Amalia has
become convinced that she can save herself from perdition
through their teachings.

She gathered up her courage a few years ago and ap-
proached Father Patryn, seeing him as a truly holy man, firm in
faith and generous in spirit. She confessed her nature to him and
begged him to help her find salvation. Father Patryn at first urged
Amalia to deliver herself to Final Death — and Final Judgment —
but she pleaded with him to help her secure her soul first.

Father Patryn has visited her nightly since that time in her
sanctuary beneath the Bogomils' house of worship. Here he coun-
sels and teaches her and prescribes harsh penances and depriva-
tions in order to purge her of vileness. In return, Amalia has opened
up the secret world of the Cainites to Father Patryn. She does not
realize that she has started this holy man on the road to Hell.

Together, the two have embarked on a holy crusade to rani Ar Hh
"cleanse" Sofia of its corruption and save all its Cainites from / ]
damnation. Amalia hopes that the other Damned of the city .
(indeed, all those in Bulgaria) will freely confess their sins once i may) \

Wi

they are caught — but, being Damned herself, she knows that

ersuasion may be necessary. Her knowledge of Cainite strengths SA }———.|_\ ae ——
P si y 8 a | a eS

FEO LE age THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE

ese


and weaknesses provides her with countless means of inflict-
ing agony on vampires reluctant to repent voluntarily.
Furthermore, she knows how to destroy those too evil to be
saved. In the cleansing fires of the sun, the Children of Caine
will know the agonizing joy of release from eternal torment.

Image: Amalia'spallid face exudes the beauty ofamarblestatue:
cold, austere and implacable. Only her dark eyes betray her zealous
pursuitof"salvation." She hasherblack hair coiled on top ofherhead.
She wears the simple, draped robes of her Thracian girlhood.

Roleplaying Hints: The Cainite curse has made you
intimately aware of your damnation. It has also provided you
with an almost limitless time in which to seek to reverse your
fate. When speaking on matters of faith, you are patient, even
gentle, at first. Once your patience expires, you are tight-
lipped, unappeasable and terrifying.

Haven: Amalia dwells in a crypt beneath the Church of
the Holy Light.

Secrets: As one who has seen Serdica grow up around her and
watched the influx of Cainites, Amalia knows most of the dealings
among the community of immortals. She is aware of Husayn's true
purpose for being in Serdica but does not believe that exposing him
will serve any purpose. She is more concerned with bringing him
— along with Serdica's other Cainites — to salvation.

Influence: Through her contact with Father Patryn,
Amalia extends her influence over the small but fervent
community of Bogomils.

Destiny: Amalia's alliance with Father Patryn will grow stron-
ger over the coming centuries, and she will make hima ghoul so that
he might carry on his good works. Unfortunately, her teachings
corrupt the priest, drawing him into an acceptance of the triumph of
darkness over light. Amalia eventually takes her place asa goddess of
acruel death cult that excels in bizarre tortures. Father Patryn is her
eager ghoul and high priest. Both "goddess" and priest meet their
deaths at the hands of the Giovanni in the 15th century.

Clan: Cappadocian
Sire: Kyros of Antioch
Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 400

Apparent Age: Early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2, Leader-
ship 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 2, Herbalism 1, Melee 2, Music 4,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 3, Medicine 3, Occult 1, Sen-
eschal 2, Theology 2

Disciplines: Auspex 5, Fortitude 2, Mortis 5, Potence 3,
Presence 4

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Backgrounds: Herd 3, Resources 2, Retainers 3
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 3
Road: Heaven 6

Willpower: 9

(GANGREL

ARNULF,
BesTIAL Force oF NATURE

Background: Arnulf dimly remembers his days in sunlight.
Asa humble soldier in a Goth army, Arnulf's life was mindlessly
simple: To eat, to sleep, to lie with women, to kill — these were
his sole joys. He still does not understand why his sire chose him
instead of a warrior renowned in battle or a leader triumphant in
conquest. Perhaps it was the kindness with which Arnulf treated
the pack's hunting dogs, or the savagery with which he slew his
rivals in battle. His baptism of blood was enacted by a Methuselah
who has since interfered only minimally in his childe's life, yet
Arnulf is still aware that he owes a great debt to the one who
created him, and he fears the night when that debt must be repaid.

Answerable tono authority but his own, Arnulfroamed the
dark plains of Eastern Europe. The world he knew gradually
disappeared, as tribes struggled for territory and empires rose and
fell. As he lost himself in the life of a true predator, the tainted
lands of the East brought out his Beast. His communion with the
nocturnal world became a religious experience. His unlife was
reduced to its component elements: By night, he needed only to
overcome a few straggling warriors to sustain himself, and by
day, he slept within the soil of the forest.

There was no shortage of victims on which to feed and he
reveled in bloodshed. In those days, he also sired freely. Arnulf
has since Embraced childer throughout the Balkan kingdoms,
including Mitru and Jolanta. Freedom is very important to
Arnulf, so he has granted it to his sons and daughters, who have
some measure of respect for him. Unfortunately, they have
little for each other. Especially in the dark forests of
Transylvania, they have become increasingly territorial.

This does not concern him much. As a shadowy observer
of the many mortal tribes of the East, he has learned much from
their cultures. Arnulf is able to assimilate himself quickly into
any primitive culture through his quick wits. Beneath the
facade, however, lies the Beast. He knows he is powerful,
almost godlike; his appetite is rapacious and the death of
mortal victims means little to him.

He fears no law, and thus, he has many enemies. The Lupines,
in particular, know of him and tell tales of what they consider great
crimes. Barbarian raids are epic amusements to him, and all too
often, the victims of such raids have been Garou Kinfolk, which has
furthered the enmity between the Gangrel and the Shadow Lords.
Too many Kinfolk have been slain by errant Gangrel and too many
promising tribes have been scavenged by feral Cainites. Arnulf does
not care. He has always considered these lands to be his.


Now the Shadow Lords have retreated to the
Carpathians, and a new threat has emerged in its place:
Western feudal civilization. The ascendancy of the Hun-
garian Kingdom fills him with wrath. Farmers live like
grazing cattle, content with the same fields year after year.
Organized villagers set up elaborate defenses, waiting to
kill the beasts that stalk in the night. The days of tribal
gloryare gone. Ammulfconstantly seeks information about
surviving barbarian tribes for this reason. He longs for the
night when the kingdom falls and the villages burn. Then
the old ways would return, and the simple life of predator
and prey would be possible once again.

To this end, Arnulf is beginning to stir up his
fractious childer. His message is simple: Prevent the
cities from becoming too complacent. Although raising
armies is difficult, Arnulf commands great influence over
the members of his clan. If the cities are allowed to grow
too fast, they will pose a threat to the territories of the
Gangrel. One night, the humans may become the
predators and the Cainites their prey. Thus, the 7 at
Gangrel must hunt or be hunted. Let the hunt begin. Shs .

ey "ll, Wy Bfs
4

\

Image: Arnulf's feral disposition is hidden be-
hind a worn cloak and matted fur. His long black
hair is contrasted by his cold blue eyes. Although the
Beast has left its mark in the form of razor teeth, tufted
ears, and a furred torso, he can conceal these things if he
must. He is in the very peak of health and his musculature
is impressive. When he must act civilized, the facade is
very carefully constructed, as though he must use great
effort to rely on words. His years are displayed in his
cautious patience, yet poorly chosen words can rouse the
anger that sleeps within him. Though he still appears as . \
a 30-year-old man, Arnulf has hunted in the woods of the | \

Balkan kingdoms for centuries. \
b
(iy

wy i

\

\X

C

Roleplaying Hints: Trustno one, especially the spawn
of the cities and villages. Outside of your clan, speak to
others grudgingly, yet keep your distance. Any pack you
run with is temporary. Any opportunity to destroy the
order of the Hungarian Kingdom attracts your interest.
Among your clan, you command the respect you deserve.

Speak as though you are choosing your words very cau-
tiously. You display a talent for languages, including several dialects
that no longer exist, but you consider words to be tools of deception.
When words fail, do not be afraid to unleash the Beast. In battle, your
rage is like a force of nature: indomitable, inhuman and implacable.

Haven: Anywhere deep in the woods will suffice as a temporary
home. Finding a safe place to sleep is becoming harder, though. Villages
are better protected than they once were, and hunters are learning
their territories better. Fortunately, Arnulf has always excelled
at hunting the hunters.

Secrets: The Embrace has not denied Arnulf his lust for
mortal women. The objects of his desire are severe and impas- ra
sioned young women who are reluctant to accept simple lives ,
of drudgery and servitude. Recently, near the docks of Buda, he

Pa Ea age THE CHINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE


has started meeting secretly with a young woman who wishes
to learn from his dark wisdom. Arnulf has taken her as an
apprentice and taught her the way of the hunter, despite her
family's suspicions that she has made a pact with unnatural
forces. He will release her to the call of the night before long.
Influence: None personally, but many of his childer have
attained positions of importance in Cainite society. A word
from him and half the Gangrel of the East would rise for battle.
Destiny: Arnulf and his most trusted childer will later
ally with the Mongols in attacking the eastern territories.
Several vicious Gangrel will oppose him. Arnulf will be a
shadowy ally to Turks assaulting the fiefdoms of Wallachia
within 300 years. His legend will grow and even-
tually he will meet Vlad Tepes in battle.
Although Tepes will emerge victoriou:
Arnulf's valorand skill will be praised
even by that prince of evil. Even
into the 1990s, the name
and lineage of Arnulf
will still inspire re-
spect from those
Gangrel who
remember.

Kw

rr NY

eg SV
aed I, ©

Pee
i

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Pard

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Barbarian

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 446

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 4, Stamina 6
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 6
Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 5, Brawl 6, Dodge 6, Leader-
ship 4, Subterfuge 3

aT Sh Skills: Melee 6, Ride 3, Survival 6, Stealth 4
GX 5S

(_ Knowledges: Linguistics 5, Medicine 3
Arne Disciplines: Animalism 5, Celerity 4, Fortitude 5,
VWgx,  Potence 3, Protean 7
Backgrounds: Status (Gangrel) 5
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 4, Courage 5
Road: Beast 7
Willpower: 7

ye" JOLANTH OF NIEPOLOMICE
ry

Background: The child of cattle raisers living on
the plains north of Krakow, Jolanta grew up attached
to the simple rhythms of life. Counting time by the

seasons, the waxing and waning of the moon and the
breeding cycles of the animals under her care, she knew
little of anything outside her circumscribed life. When
she reached marriageable age, her parents took her with them
to the annual fair in Krakow.

Jolanta was repelled rather than enthralled by her first real
city. The stench of too many bodies packed too closely
together sickened her, while the constant clamor of
voices made her feel trapped. All around her loomed

the stone walls of the city, enclosing her in a vise.

y
/

Her parents could not understand her obvi-
ous discomfort. Their attempts to draw her into
the festivities only heightened her distaste.
Thus, Jolanta failed to notice that they were
actively soliciting a husband for her, barter-
ing for her hand as if she were just another

commodity for sale.
When Jolanta's father introduced
her to the beefy shopkeeper's son
who was to be her future husband,
she had a moment of panic. Only
the thought that the marriage
would not take place until next
year, when the family returned to
Krakow for the fair, prevented Jolanta
from succumbing to despair. Anything

could happen in a year.


But nothing did. The marriage took place as scheduled and
Jolanta's family abandoned her to her new life as the wife of a
cobbler in Krakow. Her husband Tomasz soon proved to be a
tyrant, ridiculing his country-bred wife for her lack of civility
and beating heron the slightest pretext. The Church offered her
no comfort; her confessor counseled resignation to the fate God
had chosen for her. Jolanta found support from another source
instead. She began to attend the rites of a small group of pagan
women devoted to the worship of Zorya, the triple goddess.

Her mysterious comings and goings eventually aroused
Tomas?'s suspicions. He followed Jolanta one night to her meet-
ing place outside the city walls. The next evening, he confronted
her, beat her severely and threatened to expose her to the Church
if she continued to practice heathen rites and demon worship.

Driven to the edge of madness, Jolanta groped blindly for
a weapon to use against her husband. Her hand seized his
cobbler's augur and she thrust the sharp tool into Tomasz's
chest. Her blow was a lucky one, puncturing his lung. Tomasz
collapsed, mortally wounded.

Realizing what she had done, Jolanta fled into the night.
Two evenings later, Arnulf came upon herduring his wandering
in the forest of Niepolomice. He observed her for several more
nights before deciding to gift her with the Embrace. Although
he stayed only long enough to teach her the rudiments of
Cainite existence, Jolanta reveled in her newfound freedom.

Jolanta has made her haven within the dense forest of
Niepolomice near Krakow for nearly acentury. Like hersire, she

detests cities and all they represent. Jolanta's particular hatred,
however, is reserved for Krakow. She has completely rejected
her Christian upbringing, becoming even more attuned to her
pagan faith. She sees herself as the instrument of the Goddess,
a predator who feasts on the blood of Christian men in retalia-
tion for their persecution of those who worship the Mother.

She has formed an alliance with Ludmilla, a hedge wizard
who dwells within the forest and shares her disgust with the
growth of Christianity. Both women fear that the city will
eventually expand beyond its walls, a fact made all too
probable by the increasing number of small settlements rising
up within a short distance of the city. So, Jolanta has begun a
nocturnal war of terror against those foolish enough to live
outside the shadow of Wawel Castle and its stone barricades.
In this endeavor, she has the assistance of Ludmilla.

Image: Jolanta has dark brown hair, which falls in tangles
and is frequently matted with leaves and twigs. She dresses in
simple peasant's clothing, eschewing the fancier garb of city
folk. Her fingernails resemble claws and her ears are tufted like
the feral creature she has become.

Roleplaying Hints: You have been removed from the
natural order to serve your goddess as a supernatural creature.
Your only regret in murdering your husband is that it was done
so quickly, before you had a chance to savor his fear. Humans
in general, and men in particular, are your prey: Hunt them
down without mercy.

Haven: Jolanta sleeps within the earth of the forest of
Niepolomice.

Secrets: Caring little for Cainite politics (or for mortal
concerns, for that matter), Jolanta's only secret is her knowl-
edge of the existence of pagans within and outside Krakow.

Influence: Jolanta enjoys the veneration (and the blood)
of Krakow's pagan population.

Destiny: Krakow continues to flourish as a city despite her
efforts. Jolanta grows more feral until, by the mid-16th century,
she barely resembles anything human. In the midst of one of her
frenzies, Jolanta falls prey to a roving Sabbat pack, who put her
down in self-defense and then feast on her potent blood.
Clan: Gangrel
Sire: Arnulf
Nature: Defender
Demeanor: Survivor
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1002
Apparent Age: 18
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimida-
tion 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 2, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Investigation 1, Occult 2
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 1, Fortitude 2, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 1, Herd 2
Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 3, Courage 4
Road: Beast 5
Willpower: 6

Mirru THE Hunter,
SILENT AVENGER

Background: Ventrue lords have solidified their con-
trol of western Hungary, which leads them to believe they
are entitled to eastern Hungary as well. In the mortal realm,
the two countries are allied, politically at the very least.
Hungarians have also sent Szekler overlords to the east to
use the Slavs as their serfs. One race has been propped up to
subjugate another. By day, Transylvania is a country that
has been tamed.

The illusion is dispelled by night. Nova Arpad, the
Ventrue proxy ruler of the eastern kingdom, has ruthlessly
exploited the mortals of her realm even more thoroughly
than the Szeklers have by day. Taxation and slavery have
bled the Voivodate dry. In response, a conspiracy plots to
destroy her influence. Nova Arpad has been abducted and
replaced by an impostor, allowing the Transylvanian con-
spirators to falsify her reports to the West and buy themselves
some time.

THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE


8)

aX _-——7_§7—~

A

)

Cy
- NX

Mitru is proud to be working in this conspiracy, especially since he is the one who
captured Nova. Mitru was a Vlach peasant before his Embrace who saw too much of
Magyar oppression. True Romanians had settled in the shadow of the Carpathians
over a millennium before the Szeklers arrived. Then the Westerners came to
lay claim to their lands, their people and the fruit of their labor.

Like many Transylvanian cities, Mitru's mortal home in Napoca was
little more than a dirt road, a few lanes with houses and a stone church.
One of the best hunters in the village, Mitru spent most of his time in the
wild forests that frightened Roman soldiers a thousand years before.
Mitru knew that the real threat wasn't in the woods — it came from the
West, where arrogant nobles schemed against his homelands. Mitru
would walk to the edge of the forests near his home and pray to the
old gods for redemption late at night.

Mitru fostered a fierce hatred for the Szekler overlords. His
family had been driven to poverty by the overlords' dues. The
taxation was never in the form of money — many of the serfs
conducted trade through barter and never sold their goods for
coin. The dues entitled the local overlord to two-thirds of what
Mitru's family produced instead. In the West, this feudal ar-
rangement would have been in exchange for military protection.
However, the Szeklers' martial power was questionable at best.
Mitru always suspected that if trouble came, the Szeklers would
be among the first to flee.

The troubles he witnessed by night unnerved him even
more. No one in Transylvania dared to not bar their win-
dows or doors after sundown. Despite the arrogance of the
seneschals who collected their dues, nothing was done to
stop the fearful sounds of battle enacted by moonlight.
Mitru decided, for the sake of his village, to investigate the
whispered rumors of monsters. If the Szeklers couldn't
protect his people, he would. Young and overconfident,
Mitru prepared for battle.

Armed only with a bow and hunting axe, he attempted
the unthinkable: exploring the wilds of Transylvania after
sundown. It was worse than he imagined. His hunter's prowess
kept him from being discovered, as armies of szlachta and
swooping Gargoyles passed him by. As he became bolder, he
learned darker truths. Through careful spying on a Szekler
household, he found the source of his people's suffering. The
Szeklers were naught but tools used by an undead ruler: Nova
Arpad of Clan Ventrue.

The hunter crafted 13 fine arrows to hunt the beast that
enslaved his people. Slaying her revenant slave lord was easy,
but his first attempt to assassinate Nova was a failure. The three
arrows in her chest forced her into torpor, but Mitru didn't
suspect her true powers. He also didn't know of his potential allies.
Nova's torpid body was recovered by Arnulf, who rewarded Mitru
with his Dark Gift and extensive training in the powers of Caine.
The conspiracy against the Western Ventrue was born.

Napoca has already spun legends of Mitru's accomplishment. Al-
though the Gangrel is rarely seen, the villagers know that Mitru the s
Hunter stalks the night to protect the Vlachs. The legend is ds 7
becoming more elaborate over time...and Mitru has come to =

BE

believe it all. . _

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT rare Pais
FoI 5 E

es


In fact, Mitru has become so confident in his heroic
nature that he believes himself superior to the Tzimisce knez
of his domain. He believes that his virtue will win over a
potential enemy. Mitru has begun to parley for an alliance
with the Fiend, hoping that he can dissuade him from trou-
bling Napoca and encourage him to seek conquest elsewhere.
The Tzimisce thinks that Mitru is a fool, and he plays him for
one. Their alliance is tenuous, but Mitru seems willing to
charge at any alleged enemy that troubles the Fiend.

The legend speaks of other things. The mortals of
Napoca are willing to side with anyone who can save them,
and they recognize that their savior is sometimes cruel. He
must feed, and many villagers sacrifice portions of their
blood, leaving it in stone jugs near the forest. Moreover, men
who come of age in Napoca may choose to travel alone into
the darkest forests to offer aid as his servant. Many mortals
are tested, but only a few survive. Nonetheless, the villagers
of Napoca pray for their deliverance and Mitru hears and
answers their call.

Image: Mitru is a very direct man with simple tastes and
straightforward logic. He has developed feline eyes and a feral
snout. He usually wears a rough, dark long woolen coat and a
faded shirt and breeches. His boots carry the earth from lands
throughout Transylvania. Though he prefers to hunt with
fang and claw, he still carries a bow and arrows. His legendary
status is beginning to make him somewhat arrogant, but his
confidence is essential: Without it, he would perish.

Roleplaying Hints: Who cares about wealth, privilege or
Western culture? This is your land, the land of your people. It
has been since the nights of Dacia and the empire. You have
naught but contempt for the overlords of Transylvania. As you
did not fight them in life, you must fight them in death.
Idealism drives you.

Haven: Any spot of earth that suits you is yours. Sleep
well and await the chance to defend your homeland by night.

Secrets: As concern for the troubles ahead consumes
him, Mitru pursues sport to relieve his tension. He does not
want to lose his edge, so he occasionally tests himself
against mortal prey. These tests involve hunting prospec-
tive childer through the dark forests. If a candidate is
worthy, he is returned and protected — if unworthy, he is
devoured. The legends surrounding Mitru would become
considerably darker should this fact ever be revealed to the
mortals of Napoca.

Influence: Mitru trusts himself and awaits his sire's
decisions. He cannot reveal himself openly in Napoca, but he
has been watching the most promising mortals of his domain.
A few have proved themselves worthy of the Blood, and one
has become his steadfast ghoul.

Mitru is the Prince of Napoca only in the sense that he
protects it from supernatural threats. The treachery of politics
has little meaning in his domain. In fact, Mitru is too honest
and far too trusting, especially of the Fiend with whom he has
begun an alliance.

Destiny: Arnulf, Mitru's sire, will become contemptuous
of Napoca as it grows larger. As Arnulf becomes more vitriolic
about the threat of the cities, Mitru will feel a stronger
obligation to defend them. Mitru's arrogance will become
overbearing and he will attempt to muster Cainite allies
against the threat of Arnulf. Three hundred years later, Arnulf
will aid the Ottoman Turks as they move toward Transylvania;
Mitru will then be forced to turn against his sire and ally fully
with Vlad Tepes and his Tzimisce vassals.

Clan: Gangrel

Sire: Arnulf

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Defender

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1190

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Athletics 4, Brawl 2, Dodge 4
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 4, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 3
Knowledges: Investigation 2, Occult 2

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Celerity 3, Fortitude 3, Protean 3
Backgrounds: Herd 3, Influence 1, Mentor 4, Retainers 1,
Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 5

Road: Humanity 4

Willpower: 8

OTHER GANGREL OF NOTE

TIBERIU,
CORRUPTED MESSENGER

10th generation, sire unknown
Nature: Traditionalist
Demeanor: Conformist
Embrace: 1050

Apparent Age: 30s

Aside from the Tzimisce voivodes and knezi, only a few
Cainites oversee most of Transylvania. Each controls a vast
stretch of territory and hasa small network of vampires to assist
in governing their domains. They are united in a common
purpose: defending the cities they control. Yet, it is nearly
impossible for more than two or three of these "elders" to
gather together in one place. Tiberiu is the wanderer who
carries messages between these rulers.

As a faithful messenger, Tiberiu knows all of the secrets
passed openly between the four remaining princes and is trusted
by all of them. Unfortunately, he has also pledged a Blood Oath
to Radu, the Tzimisce who claims Bistritz as his domain.


ne >>

be OF.

4\e

—I

Em 22s:

sd
MD a.

LASOMB

BASILIO THE ELDER,
PRINCE OF SOFIA

came under Byzantine rule. Originally attracted to the area by his interest in the f\
Eastern Church, Basilio left his comfortable surroundings in Rome and traveled *
to Constantinople. There he established close ties with its Cainite rulers,

allying himself with the Magnus family of Lasombra and gaining
their favor. When the Byzantine Empire established
itself in Bulgaria, Basilio was given the city of

Serdica in return for his services. een
Sow
}

sea

=

In order to claim his prize, however, Basilio
had to overcome the opposition of Gabor the Bulgar,
a Tzimisce voivode who, with his brood, claimed the
area as his own. Gabor did not count on Basilio's
inherent cunning or political skill. Basilio managed
to rally other Tzimisce in the region to his side, playing on their fears
of Gabor's ambitions. A savage battle ensued, which resulted in the
death of Gabor's brood. Gabor fled to Constantinople, where he sought
to lose himself in the vastness of the greatest city in the empire.

The Tzimisce who had driven Gabor from Serdica returned to
their own fiefdoms, leaving the city in Basilio's hands. Although he has
shown himself to be a capable leader of Serdica's small Cainite
community, he has not fared well under the resurgence of Bulgarian
nationalism. He feels particularly vulnerable as a Lasombra prince whose
power comes from his association with Constantinople. In the volatile
political climate of Bulgaria, Basilio could find himself ousted or facing
Final Death at any moment, simply because he fails to support Bulgaria's
independence from the Byzantine Empire.

In an attempt to create other alliances for himself, Basilio has
welcomed an Assamite known as Husayn al Fatin. He has found much in
common with this polished and cultured Cainite. Both Basilio and Husayn
support order and work toward civilizing the rowdy Bulgarians. Basilio has
considered the fact that, should events force him from his position of
leadership, he will need a place of refuge. He doubts that he will receive a
warm welcome in Constantinople if Bulgaria and Sofia (as Serdica is now
called) break away from the empire. His Byzantine masters have no love for
failure.

(

Image: Basilio's aquiline nose and delicate jawline mark him as an
aristocrat. He also dresses the part, appearing only in the finest clothing —
appropriate to his status as prince.

Roleplaying Hints: Everyone is watching you — your masters in
Constantinople, the Tzimisce whose holdings lie uncomfortably close to
Sofia, and the other Cainites in the city. Despite all this, you must assume an
air of confidence and approach everyone from a position of strength. You look
for allies among newcomers to the city without seeming to be weak. Aside from
Husayn, there isno one you really trust. Assert your authority from the beginning;
you can then afford to be magnanimous.

Y

Haven: Basilio dwells within a complex of secret apartments be-
neath Serdica Castle. He also has a secret haven ina villa near the House
of the Eagle baths.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT race AE Bi

G2


Secrets: Basilio keeps himself up on the current trends in mortal politics, largely through
the efforts of his ghoul, Jorgi the Bear. He is working toward establishing amicable trading
ties to the Turks. Basilio knows the havens of two of the region's most violently patriotic
Tzimisce voivodes, a secret he will use should they threaten him.

Influence: Basilio's primary sphere of influence lies in his connection with
Constantinople. He holds some power over the Eastern Church in Sofia.

Destiny: Basilio will escape Husayn's eventual assassination attempt and will
flee Sofia when Bulgaria finally overthrows Byzantine rule. Giving up on Eastern
Europe, he will return to his native Spain, where he will meet his Final Death
in the fires of the Inquisition.

Clan: Lasombra

Sire: Erasmo Casimiro Alonso de Curcio

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 920

Apparent Age: 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2,
Empathy 2, Intimidation 1, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 1, Survival 1
Knowledges: Academics 1, Law 2, Linguistics (Arabic, Greek,
Slavonic) 3, Occult 1, Politics 2

Disciplines: Dominate 4, Fortitude 1, Obtenebration 3, Potence 3,
Presence 3

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 1, Herd 3, Influence 2, Re-
sources 3, Status 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 3

Road: Humanity 6

Willpower: 6

LiseTa ILUMINADA,
THE Luminous

Background: Originally from the Kingdom of Aragon,
Liseta was the eldest daughter of a minor noble family. Her
rare beauty became apparent as she grew. Nobles far beyond
her ownstation vied for her hand in marriage, including Juan
Antonio Ramirez y Alvarez de Santiago, a mysterious man
with dark, unfathomable eyes. He differed from the others: He
seemed to wear power like a cloak, and he visited her only at
night. Meeting with Liseta in her family's night-blooming gar-
den, accompanied only by her old doena, Juan Antonio charmed
her and won her heart. Their marriage was quickly arranged.

Juan Antonio took his new wife to his manor, where he tutored her
in the arts of seduction and politics. Ghouling her, he explained that he
was a Cainite and wished to preserve her beauty forever. The rest of
Liseta's family perished within a few months, struck down by a myste-
tious wasting disease. She was sole heir to the family fortune, which
made her husband, Juan Antonio, the actual owner of the property.


With her family out of the way, Juan Antonio groomed
Liseta for the role he wished her to play: seductress of a local
bishop who had been charged with choosing a new lord to
oversee a rich estate nearby. Infatuated by Liseta's youth,
beauty and skills, the bishop gladly awarded the estate to
Juan Antonio. Juan Antonio Embraced Liseta in gratitude
for her accomplishment and began her new tutelage in
Cainite society and arts.

Seeing the control she had over men, Liseta became
intoxicated on her own power. Soon she began playing
lovers against one another, taking whatever she could
persuade them to give her. Liseta and Juan Antonio became
some of the richest and most politically powerful nobles in
Santiago. But Liseta went too far. Women whose husbands
had strayed into her orbit began speaking of her "unnatural
beauty and charm," claiming that her appeal came from the
Devil. Although most of Liseta's lovers worked to quiet her
detractors, enough good Catholics listened and investi-
gated. They were appalled to discover that they harbored
demons in their midst.

A large party of Christian knights attacked Juan
Antonio's estate just before dawn. Forcing their way into
the manor, they slew the couple's retainers and found the
vampires' haven in the lowest level of the house. Juan
Antonio had just enough time to awaken his sluggish wife
and pushed her into a secret passageway that led under-
ground and exited through a nearby cave. Then the knights
fellon him. Though Juan Antonio slew many of them, they
at last overpowered him, chained him and dragged the
struggling Cainite into the sunlight. Beneath the court-
yard, Liseta cowered, forcing herself to stay awake as his
screams of agony finally died.

When she woke up that evening, she slipped out through
the cave and found her former home gutted. Turning away,
she made her way to Toledo, where she managed to enter a
convent. She spent several nights there planning her re-
venge.

The Church had taken everything from her; it would be
made to suffer for its arrogance and cruelty. She would
corrupt the Church from within, poison its holiness and feed
on its self-righteous priests. Knowing she might be recog-
nized too easily in Iberia, she decided to go elsewhere to put
her plans into motion. Western Europe was her home, but
the Church was already too entrenched. She needed a place
where the Church could still be molded to her design. She
chose Esztergom in the Kingdom of Hungary, since the city
had been granted an archbishopric not too far in the past.
Furthermore, it lay so far from her homeland she was certain
no one there would recognize her.

Liseta has been living in Esztergom ever since, spend-
ing her days (supposedly in prayer) in the crypts beneath St.
Ann's Convent. Here she is guarded by three of the sisters,
whom she has taken for her ghouls. At night, she is the
mistress of Janos, a young priest who has been marked for

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

quick advancement. Liseta hopes that through her machi-
nations, he will rise to become archbishop of Esztergom.
Once he does, her influence will spread throughout the
Church in Hungary. Meanwhile, she enjoys the riches of
the archbishop's palace and satisfies her lust for revenge by
feeding from and slowly killing other young priests who
might threaten Janos's eventual promotion. She is aware
that Geza Arpad, prince of the city, seeks the archbishopric
for himself, but believes a Cainite could never live so
openly in that position. She is willing to compromise with
Geza so long as Janos becomes archbishop.

Image: Liseta is one of the most beautiful women most
people have ever seen. Her blue-black hair falls in waves to
her waist and her violet eyes are heavy-lidded and seductive.
Her face is heart-shaped and her features exhibit both nobil-
ity and voluptuousness. Though in public she typically wears
the habit of a nun of St. Ann's, in private, she prefers silks and
velvets, or a soft cloak of ermine.

Roleplaying Hints: You are beautiful beyond belief. Use
it to your best advantage. You are also highly intelligent and
skilled. Used to getting what you want, you can be imperious
and demanding if your standards are not met. Play the hard-
to-please mistress to the hilt, but always give in and surrender
to your lover's "irresistible" urges. Your position depends on
pleasing him — for now.

Haven: The crypts beneath St. Ann's Convent.

Secrets: Liseta knows the shameful secrets of just about
every priest in Esztergom. Further, she knows Geza Arpad's
most ardent desire — and how he is corrupting those around
him. She has recently discovered that Geza has an alliance
with an Islamic merchant who brings him rare Eastern drugs,
which he uses to control his sire, Bulscu. She does not know
where Bulscu is.

Influence: Liseta's influence can be felt throughout the
ecclesiastical circles of Esztergom and most of Hungary.

Destiny: Liseta will eventually be betrayed and ac-
cused of witchcraft by Geza. Taken as she sleeps (despite
the pitiful protection of the ghouled nuns), she will be
chained and questioned. Quickly convicted, she will be
sentenced to the stake. As they drag her out to her
execution, Liseta will burst into flames beneath the blaz-
ing sun, just as her husband once did. Her beauty will be
destroyed. Surprised by her sudden immolation, her cap-
tors will release their hold on her. Flames streaming
behind her, she will disappear into a nearby building,
crawling into a secret bolthole. Whether because of a deep
fear engendered by her experience or some flaw in her
original Embrace, she will never be able to restore her
beauty. Her wounds will eventually heal, but her mind will
not. She will masquerade as a Nosferatu, skulking about
Esztergom, plotting her revenge on Geza. After the Anarch
Revolt, Liseta will join the Sabbat, becoming one of their
most proficient templars.


Clan: Lasombra
Sire: Juan Antonio Ramirez y Alvarez de Santiago
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 960
Apparent Age: 16
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Dodge 1, Empathy
2, Intimidation 2, Leadership 2, Seduction 4, Subterfuge 4
Skills: Etiquette 3, Herbalism 1, Melee 2, Music 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Linguistics (Hungarian, Ara-
bic) 2, Politics 3, Seneschal 1
Disciplines: Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Obtenebration 2,
Potence 1, Presence 3

Backgrounds: Herd 3, Influence 2, Resources 2, Re-
tainers 3

Virtues: Conviction 2, Instinct 4, Courage 3
Road: Typhon 5

Willpower: 7

LuciTA

Background: The daughter of Alfonse I of
Aragon, Lucita grew up privileged, but chafed,
under her responsibility to her father and family.
She thought of patricide many times and often
ran away, only to be caught by the Aragonese
guards and returned to her father's custody. Rather
than bother with disciplining the girl himself (as

her off to confession each time, trusting that God
and Church would engender penitence in his
daughter. The fact that her confessor was Ambrosio i

Luis Mongada made this hope a vain one.
Mongada recognized an indomitability of will
in young Lucita — and a fierce independence.
These traits — combined with his unholy lust for
her — convinced the bishop that her Embrace was

warranted. After talking with others of his clan, Mongada
decided that the Lasombra would greatly benefit from this
individual of high birth.

After her Embrace, though, Lucita's relationship with
her clan was hardly idyllic. She struggled with Mongada just
as she had struggled with her mortal father, craving au-
tonomy and freedom. Although she serves Mongada dutifully (|
as a diplomat and a noble (she is rumored to be the power
behind the throne of the current King of Aragon, Peter II),
she is more at home on the road with her traveling compan-
ion Anatole, who inspires in Lucita more faith in God than
the degenerate Mongada ever could.

Gimmaaiilige peat THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE

LESS


Lucita has. recently undertaken a new training regimen
through which she hopes to gain skill in the noble art of war. Her
speed and natural grace aid her in this endeavor, and she can
masterfully whittle down stronger foes before they manage to
land a single blow upon her. When she combines her martial
prowess with her trademark Lasombra control of darkness, she
becomes a terrible enemy indeed.

Image: Lucita is tall and lithe and has a dusky, classical tone
toherskin. She has black hair like many people of Spanish descent,
but there isno Moorish influence in herfeatures. She typically wears
the garb of a noblewoman rather than that of a warrior (surprise is
her preferred MO), but these clothes are often dark and somber
affairs that favor ease of movementrather than stuffy presentability.

Roleplaying Hints: Your patrician birth and upbringing
have given youa natural nobility and carriage. Asa diplomat
and kingmaker, you serve Mongada, but you also serve
yourself. Though you are learning warfare, you most often
succeed through tact and negotiation. Your thirst for free-
dom is best satisfied by traveling to distant lands. Let no one
tie you down or force you into anything you don't want to do.

Haven: Wherever is convenient along the road.

Secrets: Lucita knows many secrets pertaining to the
court of Aragon. She also hears rumors from others of her clan.
She is ostensibly in Eastern Europe to enact Mongada's will; in
actuality, she is aiding Anatole in one of his endeavors.

Influence: Lucita's influence encompasses the court of
Aragon and, by extension, the other Christian courts of Iberia.

Destiny: Lucita becomes the consummate shadow warrior,
rivaling the Eastern Assamites in ferocity and reputation. As the
Anarch Revolt ensues and the Sabbat forms from its ashes,
Lucita abstains from both sects, becoming one of the most feared
Lasombra antitribu active in the modern World of Darkness.
Clan: Lasombra
Sire: Ambrosio Luis Mongada
Nature: Rebel
Demeanor: Defender
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1190
Apparent Age: 17
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 3
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Leadership 1,
Subterfuge 2
Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 2, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 1, Investigation 1, Linguistics
(French) 1, Occult 2, Politics 3, Seneschal 1
Disciplines: Celerity 1, Dominate 2, Obtenebration 2, Potence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 3, Influence 3, Resources 2
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 4
Road: Humanity 6
Willpower: 9

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

THE SPAWN OF KupaLA
Since time immemorial, a festering taint of corrup-
tion has infested the lands of Eastern Europe, especially
in the shadow of the Carpathian Mountains. As a
balancing force in the pantheon of the ancient Slavic

gods, the dark lord Kupal;

the land. His servant:
kupala, infest the soi
ined crops, blasted
— these are the re;
The Tzimisce
of it since the early:
barbarians succu
isolated themselv
their purity as the}
Later, when the voi
to protect it, their

Malkavian-led cults de¥

Europe. As these vamp'
fering and abuse upon
kupala grows stronger, a
world increases. Wors!
and are rewarded by gr
When they manife:
are horrific, gibbering, mi
who find and slay the
lands that support the
over, feudal lords who al
to suffer, Tzimisce who
cultists who sacrifice fo

of Kupala's spawn. Thi

growing madness. Soi
tainted that their very
kupala, destroying the:
bodies into nightmaris|
Most outsiders con:
more than pagan supers
support this folktale? No
another aspect of Satan,

ices in the corruption of
spirits known as the
y natural things. Ru-
food, aborted fetuses
diwork.
| and have known
rphosists. While
call, the Fiends
world to maintain
heir inner horror.
the land and swore

‘o the god dot Eastern
inge victimization, suf-
cent, the power of the
presence in the natural
enact rituals of torture
"enlightenment."
ically, the spawn of Kupala
creatures. Werewolves
unwittingly enrich the
e in the process. More-
© mortals of their domains
e torture and abuse, and
e all increase the power
, are rewarded with a
misce have become so
can be poisoned by the

entire legend to be little
What evidence is there to
t this is little more than
reason, or another primi-

tive spirit waiting tobeslain. Those whodonot understand
often act in ways that increase Kupala's influence. Ever
deceptive and misleading, the demon's cancerous pres-
ence gnaws at the heart of the world...

Formore information on the kupala, see the Appendix.


MaALKAVIAN

OcTAVIO,
THE VoIcE OF KUPALA

Background: This Malkavian was born in the lands now
called Hungary when Rome's legions built Aquincum.
Asa mortal, he was ashaman who somehow
touched upon Kupala's dark heart and be-
came suffused with madness. He wandered
the streets of Aquincum for years, attempting
to warn the Romans of the demon whose heart
was poisoning the land. The legions were
kind enough to feed and clothe the lunatic,
but paid him little heed. After he learned to
speak Latin, they finally understood what he
was saying, but they dismissed it as mad
ravings. He took the name Octavio since
he firmly believes that eight portents will
herald the awakening of Kupala and the
demon's ascendancy over the world.

Embraced by a Roman Malkavian, Octavio
subsisted quite well on the soldiers and townsfolk.
Still, his ties to the dark soil forced him to
commit several vile acts, culminating in the
staking and diablerie of his sire. Time passed
and Octavio found himself slipping into tor-
por when the legions were recalled to Rome.

Octavio awakened when Obuda began
developing around him. Shocked thatso much
time had passed, he quickly began to learn
the barbaric new language of the Magyars.

He has moved about the city unseen, observ-

ing Vencel and the other Cainites. Driven

even more insane by the centuries spent

within the tainted earth of his homeland,

he captures mortals (and any Cainites he

can) and plays elaborate games with them.

Then he sacrifices them to Kupala —
whether to aid the demon or bind him, even
Octavio doesn't know. Watching the Cainites of
Buda-Pest, Octavio sometimes clandestinely aids in
their schemes, but often opposes them.

Octavio has recently hatched a plot toward obtaining
apotheosis. In this manner he hopes to gain sufficient
power to oppose Kupala directly. He has sought mortal adulation,
creating a cult around himself. Those who worship Octavio call him
Havnor, believing he is an ancient Magyar god. He cares little what
titles of respect they give him, as long as they share their blood
and make obeisance. Soon he plans to make his move against
Prince Vencel — or perhaps for him. He can so rarely
remember exactly what his plans are these nights, when his
head is afire with prophesy.


Image: Octavio is tall and well muscled. Red hair, wild
and uncombed, falls below his shoulders, and his bushy beard
reaches the center of his chest. He wears tunic and trousers
with cross gartering (in the old style) anda selection of armor.
His breastplate is Roman, but his helmet and arm guards are
pure Magyar. His blue eyes smolder with fanaticism and often
have an otherworldly shine. He certainly looks the part of an
ancient god of thunder and lightning.

Roleplaying Hints: You hear the voice of the demon
inside your head. You know he will arise someday to claim
dominion over the Earth. Eight great signs foretell Kupala's
awakening. Tell others what those signs are. Meanwhile, you
have decided to become a god so you can fight him. Convince
others through holy miracles that you are indeed divine.

Haven: Beneath the Round House and Arena in Obuda.

Secrets: Octavio knows all secrets anyone in Buda-
Pest has. Unfortunately, he can rarely remember any of
them, or anything else beyond his mission to defeat (or is
that exalt?) Kupala.

Influence: He is gaining greater influence nightly, espe-
cially among those in Buda-Pest who desire a return to the old
pagan ways. Those who follow him develop strange insanities
based on the visions he shows them.

Destiny: Octavio will spend the next centuries warning
others of the coming of the signs. He will finally sink into a fit
of despair, convinced that he has failed to have any effect on
Kupala whatsoever. Octavio will then allow Anatole to
diablerize him, making Anatole keeper of the mysteries and
the harbinger of Gehenna.

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Marcus

Nature: Prophet

Demeanor: Prophet

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 134

Apparent Age: 30s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Herbalism 2, Melee 3, Stealth 2,
Survival 2, Torture 3

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 4, Linguistics (Latin, Hungar-
ian) 2, Occult 4, Philosophy 2, Politics 1

Disciplines: Auspex 6, Dementation 6, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 2,
Potence 3, Presence 5

Backgrounds: Herd 3, Influence 3, Retainers |

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 2, Courage 5

Road: Devil 8

Willpower: 7

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

ANATOLE

Background: Born to a captain of the guard and his wife
in Paris, Anatole spent his childhood watching soldiers and
guardsmen. It is of little wonder that he became a guardsman
with the city watch. But the Lord works in mysterious ways,
and this is particularly true concerning Anatole. He was born
under a blue moon (the second full moon in a month's time),
and the tidal pull of that moon has always seemed to call to the
blood within him. While still young, Anatole became fasci-
nated with the Church. Although he was destined for the life
of a guardsman, his devout nature had great influence on his
soul — and his Embrace.

Pierre l'Imbecile, also a devout soul, chose Anatole for
his ability to see the movements of God on Earth. Pierre
Embraced the young man and explained that Anatole's role
was to prove that Cainites served God's purposes. Pierre then
abandoned his childe, leaving him to become God's agent.
Anatole spends much of his time in contemplation of the
Cainite's place in God's world as a result. His Derangement,
a tendency for random hallucinations, often causes him to
see symbols, people and objects that do not exist, though to
Anatole's mind these visions are quite real and reveal God's
presence. Exactly what powers the Malkavian neonate pos-
sesses is unknown, but he has been known to repel Cainites
by calling out to angels whom he sees in his fractured mind.

The young Cainite has also picked up appreciable skill
with sword and shield, which makes him quite physically
adept when combined with his impressive array of Disciplines.
Cainite elders who observe his actions are concerned that a
disproportionate number of his Disciplines do not fall within
the province of the Malkavian clan. As to where he learns
them, Anatole isn't telling.

Anatole typically keeps the company of the Lasombra
Lucita, acting asa strong right arm to her as they move through
Dark Medieval Europe. He has also been seen with an entou-
rage of monklike pilgrims, whom most observers believe to be
either his ghouls or his herd.

Image: Anatole has long blond hair, but it is tangled and
filthy to the point of forming accidental dreadlocks. He has
fine French features and an average build. He looks somewhat
like a vagrant mercenary for he wears piecemeal armor and a
squalid tabard scavenged from someone he killed. He carries
arusty, blood-encrusted sword and frequently has dried blood
on his mouth, in his hair and on his clothing.

Roleplaying Hints: You have a keen understanding of
the glory of God. He has granted you divine visions and
speaks to you through even the most mundane items.
Though others sometimes tell you that the things you see
aren't real, you understand that only those blessed by God
can see them. These things explain to you what you must do
or where you need to go. Believe them. Trust in the angels
who hover over you; they lend their aid when you are
troubled or beset by foes.


Haven: Wherever he can find shelter for Lucita and
himself along the roads of Dark Medieval Europe.

Secrets: Anatole is granted special powers by God. The Lord
teaches him to perform certain miracles that resemble Cainite
Disciplines. Hehascommanded Anatole todiablerizeotherCainites
so they might enter God's kingdom cleansed of their vileness.

Influence: The Malkavian neonate has little influence
beyond that over his immediate followers.

Destiny: Anatole undergoes a period of religious fer-
vor, during which he believes God directshimtofindand
liablerize vampires. He entertains this behavior for ve
d pires e
almost a century, which disturbs many European JS

princes. Thus, he makes numerous foes among

Y,
Va
them. By the end of the 18th century, Anatole y Cc

gets involved with the French Revolution and
the lay mysticism it engenders. He changes
the focus of his zealotry from Christianity
tothe Jyhad. Meeting with Octavio, who
is despondent over his lack of progress in
fighting Kupala, Anatole becomes the
recipient of the elder Malkavian's vi-
sions when Octavio asks his clanmate to
diablerize him. With his new powers
and spiritual motivation,
Anatole finds himself in he)
the New World, where he aft Nhe
spreads the word of WE
Gehenna's approach, eventually
becoming known as the harbinger of Gehenna.
Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Pierre |'Imbecile

Nature: Defender

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1193

Apparent Age: 20

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 1, Appearance 2
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 2, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 1,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 2

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Archery 2, Melee 3, Ride 1, Stealth 3,
Survival 1

Knowledges: Academics 1, Investigation 1, Law 1, Linguis-
tics (Spanish) 1, Occult 1, Theology 2

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 1, Fortitude 1, Obfuscate 2,
Potence 2

Backgrounds: Herd 3, Mentor 2, Retainers 4
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 2, Courage 5
Road: Heaven 6
Willpower: 6
True Faith: 1


AWDROJAI,
HiGH Priest oF KRETUVA

Background: As a child in Lithuania, Adrojai always had a fierce
streak of mischief in him. Always getting into trouble, he was not only a
genius at composing elaborate practical jokes, but also a mastermind when
itcame to blaming others for their results. By the time he was seven, he could
find a convenient scapegoat for all of his pranks. If any evidence pointed to
him, he would proudly proclaim that "the faeries did it." Little did he know
how badly he was tempting fate...

He was enlisted in a great practical joke at the age of eight. One day
\ as he was gathering apples in the woods, a white horse approached him
R and stole the biggest one. Adrojai chased the horse into the woods, to
7 a patch of forest where he couldn't find his way out. His imagination

had driven him straight into a faerie realm. In the meantime, a faerie

skilled at impersonating mortals took his place. This Unseelie

changeling, using Adrojai's form, pursued all manner of mischief.
( The prank ended when Adrojai's mother died of grief, a fact that
Adrojai has never discovered.

Any other child would have found his exposure to the Unseelie
Court nightmarish, but Adrojai was fascinated. He learned much
under the tutelage of master tricksters. As an enchanted ally of the
Unseelie, he was to be their eyes and ears in places the fae dared not
tread. From this point onward, however, Adrojai developed a very
Unseelie outlook, never fully caring about the results of his pranks or
realizing how cruel they were.

By the age of 13, he had learned not only trickery, but also
thievery. Venturing from his unseen home, he helped the fae take
what they desired. His life was to change again, however, the night
that he chose to steal a wolf cub from a Gangrel high priest. The
thief was caught and brought before the current Krivé of Lithuania,
a Malkavian known for his ingenious methods of settling disputes.
[ The Krivé sat and listened to the boy's life story, and the young man

tried to blame the Unseelie for driving him to an unkind fate. So
exquisite and imaginative was the story he fabricated that the Krivé
decided to take him as his own servant. A clever ghoul with a vast
knowledge of the fae would be a useful tool.

Ten years of service followed. Adrojai acted as an emissary for
the Krivé, and he was especially skilled at negotiating treaties
between the Unseelie and mortals. He grew confident — indeed,
overconfident — in his abilities, and the benefit of never aging was
a great reward. On the night that he rescued a young woman from
the clutches of a marauding band of Unseelie, thereby averting a
violent war between her parent's tribe and the fae, he was
rewarded with the Embrace. Before he was at last accepted as one
of the undead, however, he received another reward. Stealing
the young woman's virginity, he left her with a bastard child.

) The child has grown up bitter, and he blames the Unseelie
Court for his fate. Adrojai does not realize that the young
man is searching for his black-hearted father.
Within a year, another major event oc-
curred in his life. A caravan of merchants
made an encampment not far from the

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT


sacrae villae where the Krivé made his home. In the middle
of a holy glen of oak, they celebrated their good fortune in
the last village by quaffing their way through a cask of mead.
The drunken Westerners were unknowingly committing
great blasphemy, and the Krivé himself decided to intervene.
Four crossbow bolts later, the villagers had defended them-
selves against an allegedly premeditated attack from an
unarmed diplomat.

The following night, Adrojai sought revenge. The cara-
van had moved on another league to the south, and they
encamped by a seemingly tranquil glade. Four beautiful young
nymphs ran out of the forest into the waiting arms of the
merchants, crying that they were being pursued by a terrible
monster. Adrojai moved silently through the woods and,
aided by the fae, he led the merchants on a Nightmare Ride
that would last until they were slain by the Unseelie at dawn.

The story of Adrojai's revenge spread throughout the
domains of Lithuania, and the Cainite high priests were so
impressed that they accepted Adrojai into their order. He is
now the high priest of the terra of Kretuva. His alliance with
the fae isso strong that tension between Cainites and Unseelie
has abated for a time, and his quick wit has assisted him in
mediating countless other disputes. The remaining high priests
are debating who will be the next Krivé. If he's as clever as he
thinks he is, Adrojai just might seize the opportunity. If he
exhibits his usual lack of caution, however, his more thought-
less acts will have very grave consequences.

Image: Though physically still 16, Adrojai is wise beyond

his years. His demented grin and gleaming green eyes show
when he has caught on toa brilliant plan. Long red hair, a thin
angular face, and lanky long arms and legs increase the image
of a young man who loves to be consumed with the madness
of a brilliant scheme.

Roleplaying Hints: Life is an eternal jest to you, and you
are confident in your ability to outwit anyone. Your preternatu-
ral gifts also give you powers over young women, whom you
seduce and mislead just as often. All that you do, however, is
tinged with a sliver of darkness, resulting in a wake of tragedy
when your handiwork is at its best.

Haven: A sacrae villae in the terra of Kretuva.

Secrets: Adrojai knows he is wise, but he knows the fae
are even craftier. Though his word is valued among the
creatures of the night, he knows he can't stand up to the
ancient lords of the Unseelie. He must never let this fear show.

Influence: He does not rule by force, but rather charms
his way into getting others to believe him. When that fails, a
gentle use of his Disciplines tips the balance in his favor. His
word is highly respected among the fae, although he is reluc-
tant to exploit this advantage.

Destiny: His fate will seem somewhat more tragic when
he is at last faced with a problem he cannot easily handle.
Teutonic Knights will begin to build a fortress in his domain,
and their resolve is strong enough that simple tricks will not
dissuade them. Mortals will be victimized, and Adrojai will

become even more vengeful. As his anger grows, madness will
possess him fully, and his war against the Christians will
become brutal and violent.

Clan: Malkavian

Sire: Yislei

Nature: Jester

Demeanor: Celebrant

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1130

Apparent Age: 16

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Subterfuge 4,
Leadership 1

Skills: Etiquette (Fae) 3, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Law (Lithuanian Cainites) 3,
Occult 4

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dementation 3, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 3
Backgrounds: Herd 4, Resources 1, Status (High Priest) 4
Virtues: Conviction 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Road: Paradox 7

Willpower: 7

INNOSFERATU

ZELIOS,
THe Master Mason

Background: Throughout Eastern Europe, Zelios has
gained great renown. After being raised by wealthy merchant
parents in the 11th century, Zelios turned away from pursuing
a life of comfortable privilege in favor of developing a useful
craft. He traveled Europe and beyond, learning the art and
science of architecture. At first, his passion was more of an
avocation thana vocation. His insight displayed his talent, for
with a few words of advice to an architect or engineer, he could
improve both the safety and aesthetics of any design. Soon he
was knowledgeable enough to serve as an advisor to wealthy
nobles and expert architects.

Unfortunately, Zelios's insight was a little too good.
Much of his revelation came from an intuitive understanding
of principles typically unrecognized by mortals. The layout
and location of his best designs often took advantage of
nearby ley lines, and his feel for design corresponded to
elementary principles of geomancy. This in turn attracted
the attention of a few enlightened Cainites who realized the
potential in the young architect.

In particular, Zelios's acumen attracted the notice of a
Nosferatu with an appreciation for his art. Many Nosferatu
lairs were sorely in need of improvements, and the thought


of employing an architectural genius to assist the clan was irresistible. The Embrace
affected Zelios in a most peculiar way. To begin with, he gained a talent for subtly
influencing the designs employed by mortals, elevating their achievements from
mere competency to brilliance. With eternity set before him, Zelios expanded his
travels to learn from the greatest architectural artists of the age.

Through his influence, agreat many castles have been built, anda great many have
been drastically improved. Zelios has traveled all over Europe, building fortresses for
Cainites whose wealth or whims appealed to him. Moreover,
Zelios specializes in constructing hidden rooms, allowing
Cainites to remain in torpor by day and avoid the few places
frequented by mortals at night. This gives him unexpected
advantages over powerful Cainites. He is always aware of weak-
nesses, secret passages and hidden places, ones of which even the
castles' owners remain oblivious.

For the last few decades, he has been traveling throughout
Eastern Europe, undertaking several projects in Hungary and
Transylvania. There isseemingly never enough time to fully realize
his passion for creation, yet Zelios is indefatigable in his efforts.
Slowly, the walls of the greatest Transylvanian castles rise.

Image: Zelios'sskin has become extremely pallid; in fact, itis gray
enough to match the color ofastone wall. His features are exceedingly
angular, almost unnaturally so. There is no softness to his face, and his
eyes are a dull gray. When deep in thought, his visage is a stony mask
of contemplation. When inspired, the features animate, surprising
many who watch the transformation. Relaxation does not interest
him much, as hard work is the fulfillment of his passion.

Roleplaying Hints: Scrutinize everyone as if searching for
structural flaws. You are polite, yet distracted, and project an
air of unworldliness. When necessary, however, you can barter with the
best of Cainites. Your fellow vampires have little that you want, and that
makes you doubly dangerous.

Haven: Zelios is always studying, perfecting and critiquing his craft. He
has no shortage of castles to visit. He is welcome in the homes of vampiric
nobility throughout the East, for his fame precedes him. Many vampire lords
are eager to hear his critiques of their local defenses.

Secrets: Recently, he has become interested in more ancient tech-
niques of manufacture. A recent trip to the Temple of Solomon in Egypt has
given him many ideas. The Setites have also uncovered a great many
insights, suchas the usefulness of a genius who knows how to infiltrate many
of the great castles of Europe. A few spies of the Sand-Snakes have begun
plotting to enlist him in their schemes.

Over the last few decades, Zelios's personal projects have become much
more elaborate. Though no one has noticed as yet, there is a pattern to the
location of the last seven castles on which he has "consulted." The spatial
relationships between the castles correspond toa series of ley lines. Ifone were
to join these ley lines and divert their energies, a complex pattern not unlike
that of a pattern of warding would be formed. Five of these castles form the
points of a pentagram. Zelios is unaware of this greater significance, although
his insight is always growing.

Influence: Zelios has a habit of gathering influence very quickly. He sees
building organizations of mortals as similar to the placing of bricks ina wall. As each
brick falls into place, the construction becomes more impressive. Once the wall
is built, he admires his handiwork before proceeding to his next project.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT


Destiny: By the year 1450, Clan Nosferatu will have a keen
interest in the potential of several secret societies, but they will
have to compete with other supernatural factions to gain
control. Zelios will try to make a pact with the Setites to
gain an edge, though the pact will turn against him. He
will also have an awakening of sorts, as he begins to
realize the greater significance of what he is building.

Has he enacted his scheme of his own free will, or has

some greater power guided his hand? Finding the answer

will not be easy for him. Eventually, he will leave Europe for

the New World, becoming a powerful Camarilla primogen
councilor and a respected elder of his clan.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Hannibal

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Innovator

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1020

Apparent Age: early 30s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 4, Dodge 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Crafts (Architecture) 6, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Occult (Ley Lines and Geomancy,
Intuitive) 4, Science (Engineering) 4

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 3, Dominate 4, Obfuscate 3, a
Potence 3 fi t]
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 3, Resources 3, Status (Fame) 4 :
Road: Humanity 6

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Willpower: 6

JosEF ZVI,
DEFENDER OF
THE GHETTO OF PRAGUE

Background: The son of a rabbi, Josef devoted his early life to study.
Spurred on by the sporadic violence against his people, however, Josef also
began training himself to fight. Soon after Josef reached the age of manhood
(12), his father became ill and died. Josef's dreams of becoming a noted scholar
died with him. The young man apprenticed himself to the kosher butcher in the
Jewish ghetto, seeking to earn enough money to support his aging mother.
By his journeyman year, Josef had grown into a tall, strapping youth. His
love of learning was still a great part of him; he met with the scholars who
taught at the university, and they provided him with lessons for him to absorb
at night before he slept. Many mothers of eligible daughters consulted matchmakers
regarding Josef as a potential husband. As an aspiring rabbi, he was an attractive prospect.
That changed the night a group of Christians rampaged through the ghetto, beating =
and killing the Jews they found on the streets. Josef, caught returning from a session . Ss)
with one of his teachers, was savagely beaten and kicked. Half of Josef's head was Q{YY \\Y \ ow 4
crushed inward, his nose was flattened against his right cheek, and part of his jaw SF

THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EURQBE


was torn away. His hands were crushed beneath his assailants'
boots, and his spine was almost broken. When he finally lost
consciousness, the Christian gang turned elsewhere for more
sport, leaving the dying boy in a darkened alleyway.

Josef's sire found him raggedly breathing his last. He asked
Josef if he wanted revenge, but the boy managed to whisper
"no" through his broken teeth. "Would you defend others
from such, then?" the stranger asked, and felt Josef squeeze his
hand. Quickly, he Embraced Josef and took him to his lair
beneath the Jewish Cemetery. When Josef awoke, he was a
Cainite, his looks and body forever twisted into the form of his
"death." His sire captured two of the men who had beaten
Josef, and they became the neonate's first meal.

Taught what he needed to know about Cainite existence,
Josef began to hunt on his own and took an interest in
defending the ghetto from further incursions. When Josef
became self-sufficient, his sire moved on, wishing to investi-
gate rumors of persecution against Jews further to the East.

Though nodding to the Prince of Prague's title, Josef has
gained status among Prague's Cainites because of his insis-
tence on his own territory. The secretive and solitary Nosferatu
does not like other Cainites to enter the Jewish Quarter.
Those doing so face either his wrath or Rabbi ben Judah's
golem (see Chapter Three). Josef personally protects the
rabbi, for whom he has the greatest respect. If Jews are
mistreated and Josef hears of it, he visits the perpetrators the
next night, exacting upon them the same treatment they
inflicted on their victims. If such folk also seem a little more

pale and weak than usual, who notices?

Sadly, Josef himself is the cause of some of this mistreat-
ment. His Embrace cursed him with an overwhelming desire
for the blood of children, and he feeds almost exclusively from
the Christian and pagan youth of Prague. In some cases, the
Nosferatu's thirst has led him to kill his prey when he feeds too
deeply. Ina few instances, Josef has grown careless, and certain
evidence has linked the murderer to the Jewish ghetto. Many
people in Prague now believe that the ghetto's Jews murder
Christian children, drinking their blood or using it in unholy
rites. As others interact with them, the story spreads further,
taking hold as a popular myth concerning the Jews. Though
Josef bitterly regrets the death of children, he cannot stop
himself from feeding from them.

Image: Josef is of medium height and build. His head is
lopsided, crushed in on the left side, and part of his jaw is
missing, revealing rotten teeth on the right side. His nose is
little more than a flattened blob, and his whole body is bent
forward and twisted. Josef's skin hangs loosely on his frame and
has a peculiar yellow-gray coloration with splotches of brown
on it. Ironically, his hair remains dark and wavy and his eyes
are a translucent green. He prefers to wear long cloaks and
hoods that conceal as much of him as possible.

Roleplaying Hints: You are the avenger. As the hope for
your people's survival in the face of Christian persecution, you
are charged with protecting the ghetto and exacting punish-

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

ment on those who harm your charges. Despite your noble
intentions, however, you are addicted to the blood of Chris-
tian children. You must satisfy that thirst, even though you
realize that Christians are beginning to blame the Jews for your
depredations. Somehow, you must find a way to stop yourself.
Until you do, you comfort yourself by rationalizing that the
ones you kill will not grow up to victimize your people.

Haven: Josef's haven is beneath the Jewish Cemetery in
an unmarked, forgotten grave.

Secrets: Josef knows that Rabbi ben Judah is the creator of the
golem that patrols the Jewish Quarter. He also knows how to
destroy the golem. He has moved unseen through the lowerreaches
of Vysehrad and knows thata Methuselah sleepssomewhere within
the cave system. Furthermore, he has spent much time seeking out
and memorizing the secret passages in Prague Castle.

Influence: Josef has great influence in the ghetto and
among the university teachers, though most of this influence
is wielded through correspondence. He spends many hours
writing long letters (as if from a scholar living elsewhere) to
teachers, letters in which he postulates theories and discusses
the Torah, the Kabbalah and other esoteric knowledge.

Destiny: Rudolf Brandl tires of Josef's isolationist stance,
ordering the Nosferatu to open the ghetto and allow Brandl's
allies to feed there. Josef refuses. Brandl sends a chosen group of
ghouls to rout Josef from his hiding place during the day, but they
arrive to find Josef gone. That evening Josef attacks Brandl in his
chambers in Prague Castle, having gained entry through the
secret passageways the Nosferatu long ago memorized. Killing
Brandl, he reaches an accommodation with the Premysls and
becomes the new Prince of Prague. He falls to Nazi flamethrowers
as a member of a local resistance group in the late 1930s.
Clan: Nosferatu
Sire: Yehuda
Nature: Defender
Demeanor: Judge
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1160
Apparent Age: 18
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 1, Brawl 4, Dodge 1, Empathy 2,
Intimidation 2, Larceny 1, Subterfuge |
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Crafts 2, Etiquette 1, Herbalism 1,
Melee 3, Stealth 3
Knowledges: Academics 4, Investigation 2, Law 1, Linguistics
(Hebrew, Greek) 2, Medicine 1, Occult 2
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Obfuscate 3, Potence 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 1, Status 3
Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 1, Courage 4
Road: Humanity 5
Willpower: 5


GuTKA ,
THE SALT QUEEN

Background: Deep within the bowels of the Wieliczka salt mines
near the city of Krakow, the ancient Nosferatu who calls herself
"Gutka" (the Good) has carved out her own domain, unbeknownst
to Krakow's Cainites. Although Razkoljna believes herself to be
the oldest Cainite in Malopolska, she is wrong; Gutka counts her
age in millennia rather than in centuries.

Although she barely remembers her life before the Em-
brace, Gutka does retain the memory of her transformation. She
had served her tribe as priestess of the Dark Goddess all her life.
Near its end, her body wrinkled with age and crippled by
arthritis, Gutka wandered into the forest on a moonless night.
As she prayed to the Dark Goddess for release from her body's
constant torment, she heard a rustling in the underbrush.
Before she knew what was happening, she found herself face
to face with the Eternal Crone. Prostrating herself to the force
she had served all her life, she waited joyously for death.

Instead, she received the Embrace. The ensuing tor-
ture of her further disfigurement affected her mind,
convincing her that she had become an avatar of the
goddess. From that time on, the earliest people to inhabit
the area which would become Lesser Poland worshiped her
as an earth goddess, paying tribute to her in blood and salt.

ING '
NY

?,
EASR
2 oe, \
Sy

Gutka fell into torpor long ago, before the rise of
villages on Poland's plains. In the ninth century, the noise of
humanity woke her and she became aware of the founding of
a city atop Wawel Hill (though to her it had no name). Secure in
the salt caverns which had once housed sacrifices to her, she roused
herself and began to explore the strange new environs. Sensing the presence
of a kindred spirit who dwelt within a cave at the foot of Wawel Hill, Gutka
proceeded with caution, reluctant to announce her arrival until she had acquired
the knowledge she needed to ensure her survival. Patiently, she delved through
the salty undercrust of the earth, tunneling her way into the heart of Krakow.
From her secret passageway, she has explored the city to her heart's
content, an invisible presence among both Cainites and mortals.

Although she is aware of what is going on within Krakow, Gutka has
chosen to remain hidden from the new Cainites. Her need for Cainite blood
makes this preference a necessity. The presence of mining operations in the
caverns and tunnels above her provides her with the means to sustain
herself. When she feels the need to feed, Gutka abducts and Embraces one
of the miners, who enjoys his unlife only long enough to sate her hunger.

A large chamber in Gutka's salt crystal "palace," filled with the preserved
bodies of her victims, serves as a shrine to her murdered childer.

Occasionally, Gutka still journeys to Krakow through her secret
tunnel. Once in Krakow, she wanders the streets unseen, listening to all that
goes on among Krakow's immortals. She is aware of every Cainite plot and
cares nothing for any of them.

Image: Gutka's form is a grotesque parody of her mortal self. Her wizened,
stooped body, twisted by arthritis and covered with thousands of wrinkles, is a
sickly greenish-gray. A few strands of long, white hair hang from her scalp.
Although her eyes are rheumy, she retains her keen eyesight. Long centuries of
torpor within the salt caverns have left her permanently encrusted with salt crystals.

THE CAINITES OF

<=  —

eo Sess
<=

Jay gees
Mes


Roleplaying Hints: Asan earthly incarnation of the Crone,
the Goddess who oversees the passage from life to death, you
take sacrifices of blood and salt when it pleases you. The spirits
of your dead "children" surround you, keeping you company in
your isolation. You desire nothing more than what you have, but
you know that anything you truly want is yours for the taking.

Haven: The lowest levels of the Wieliczka salt mines
serve as Gutka's haven.

Secrets: Gutka knows everything of any importance that
takes place within a 10-mile radius of Krakow.

Influence: Despite her incredible age and considerable
power, Gutka exercises little real influence. Should she choose,
however, she could control Krakow's Cainites and mortals
with ease.

Destiny: Gutka rules her salt kingdom until the 16th
century, when she grows weary of the continued spread of
civilization. She abandons her beloved realm and travels to
Russia, where she disappears from recorded history.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Baba Yaga

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 5th

Embrace: 2000 B.C.

Apparent Age: 70

Physical: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 8

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 5, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 5, Brawl 6, Dodge 4, Intimidation 6,
Leadership 1

Skills: Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 1, Herbalism 3, Melee 5,
Stealth 4, Survival 4

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 3, History (Poland) 4, Investi-
gation 2, Linguistics (Slavonic) 1, Medicine 2, Occult 4
Disciplines: Animalism 5, Celerity 3, Dominate 4, Fortitude
3, Obfuscate 6, Potence 6, Protean 2

Backgrounds: Herd 5

Virtues: Conscience 0, Self-Control 4, Courage 5
Road: Humanity 1
Willpower: 9

Marusca, WILD WOMAN OF
HERMANSTADT

Background: Many Transylvanian cities of this time are
large enough to support a mere four or five Cainites. The
fortunate few who rule them often consider huge tracts of land
to be their domain, becoming troubled by any undead who pass
through without their knowledge. This is not a problem for
Marusca, the elder who makes the woods outside Hermanstadt
her home. Packs of wolves patrol her domain and report to her
in the dark forests.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

In the youth of her mortal life, Marusca was raised near a
glen on the outskirts of Hermanstadt town. Her mother was
well versed in the legends of the Old Country, and her hearth
wisdom included an extensive knowledge of herbary and other
forms of healing. Marusca was often asked to gather plants for
her mother's work.

By her 16th year, Marusca's village had undergone several
changes. A monastery was being built not far from the city,
and Christian missionaries held simple services in a stone
church that had fallen into disrepair. The townsfolk were
wary, however; they knew that the Catholic services per-
formed were a cultural extension of the Western Hungarians.
Openly, they participated in some of the services; secretly,
many continued to hold their traditional beliefs.

When the power of the local Szekler overlord grew
stronger, the importance of religious devotion was empha-
sized. Practicing as a devout Catholic was taken as a sign of
accepting the Szekler rule, and those who defied the Western
ways received a little less courtesy when the dues were col-
lected for the lord of the town. Within a few years, such
recalcitrants also suffered harassment and abuse. Some were
even driven to the brink of poverty through heavy taxes
allegedly levied "for their own protection." Marusca's mother
in particular was held in great disfavor, as she never attended
the local services. The monks began to whisper of her "pagan"
background. She neversuffered, however; so longas the woods
were nearby, she had all she needed.

Marusca was never afraid of the woods, despite the fact
that the Westerners regarded them with apprehension. The
howling of the wolves at the edge of town comforted her, and
she often sneaked into the woods to observe their society.
She envied them. The alpha of a pack asserted his domi-
nance, but did not exploit his lessers. He took the greatest
share of the kill, but his packmates never starved. She
secretly gave names to the wolves of the forest, and she
learned much from them.

One night, while she was gathering herbs, Marusca saw
smoke rising from the edge of town. Hurrying back, she caught
a glimpse of flames. Her home was burning, and she ran into
the house to see if her mother was there. Though she had no
proof of misdoings, she came to the conclusion that the fire
was no accident. Running to the front steps of the church, she
howled for justice.

She found neither justice nor pity. Disgusted at this turn
of events, she resolved to leave her village and seek a place
where her skills would be appreciated. She decided to follow
an old road to the east, and for many leagues she tried to bury
the pain of her loss by wandering ever onward. Soon, in the
distance, Marusca spied a great, unfinished stone castle stand-
ing high on a hill. While the berries she found along the way
were enough to sustain her, albeit marginally, she considered
visiting the terrible castle. The howling of the wolves late at
night — so different from their calls during daylight —
convinced her of the need for safer shelter.


Famished from hunger, she approached the fortress. This outpost was a project
undertaken by Zelios, the Master Mason of Clan Nosferatu, on behalf of the Arpad
Ventrue. The construction was going poorly. While the location was considered
ideal, wolves were beginning to gather around the encampments of the workers.
Already, three had been killed by marauding lupines, and two had been wounded.
Upon arriving at the encampment, Marusca saw that the workers were poorly
equipped to deal with the men's injuries, and she began to tend to them.
Watching from the shadows, Zelios was touched by Marusca's kindness.
Through his subtle influence, he found a home for her among the workers and
found employment for her as a chiurgeon.

Over the next few months, construction continued, but the threat of
the wolves did not end. Traps, patrols, fires — no precautions could hold
them at bay. It was as if the woods themselves were taking revenge.

In fact, they were. A Tzimisce from another knezate knew the danger this
castle presented, and a Gangrel in his service was harrying the mortal workers.

Late one night, Marusca was searching for supplies in the woods when
she realized she had traveled too far. She could hear the wolves surrounding
her, butshe could also see something else. A feral creature ran with the pack,
an unnatural presence in their midst. Fearful of being discovered, the
Gangrel commanded the wolves to attack this innocent witness. Marusca,
violently mauled, stumbling and bleeding, ran for the encampment. From
the parapets, Zelios watched her escape, and he crawled down the side of

the castle to save her. In the shadow of Castle Hermanstadt, he rescued her
from death by accepting her into the ranks of the undead.

The disfigurement the wolves had inflicted on her was exaggerated
by the Embrace. At first Marusca was horrified by the change, but the
threat of the Gangrel in the woods distracted her from her pain. With
her newly found abilities, she stalked the Gangrel as he had stalked her.
As she did so, she saw the forest through the eyes of a vampire. Once
again, she called to the wolves, and this time, they answered. Her
communion with the woods was now stronger than ever before. While
the Gangrel commanded the lupines through fear, they found Marusca's
leadership far more sympathetic.

For a fortnight, a terrible war was waged by moonlight. Marusca
summoned up packs of wolves to patrol around the castle, and the packs
she had watched near her mother's home answered her call. The Gangrel
commanded an army of lupines as well, and the servants of Zelios were
terrified by their battlecries. Theconflict wasa lengthy one, but Marusca
eventually turned the wolves against their cruel master.

Whenat last the castle was complete, Zelios instructed Marusca in
the location of the hidden passageways and chambers. The fortress had
been commissioned for a Hungarian Ventrue, and a Szekler overlord
was already traveling to Hermanstadt, but Zelios thought of Marusca
as a much wiser caretaker. Over the past weeks, the castle had
developeda series of legends, and when the Szekler lord was mauled

todeath by beasts in the middle of thenight, thecastle'sreputation
was at last assured. s

Overthe next 10 years, Marusca grew famil- a

iar with both the town of Hermanstadt and
the woods surrounding it. When the West-
ern Ventrue tried to establish the town as
the center ofadomain, they had no choice but to ally with Marusca.
These lands and this town are hers, and the wolves are as vigilant as

ever in protecting it.

:
:

MEL

EUROPE


Image: A wild woman of the woods, Marusca wanders the
deep forests wearing a black robe that conceals her violently
deformed body. What she lacks in appearance, she more than
makes up for in pride among her own kind.

Roleplaying Hints: Direct confrontation is not your way
of dealing with enemies. You prefer to stalk in dimly lit places
and hide your face. When confronted, you take a different
facade each time. Though secure in your self-esteem, you see
little reason to flaunt it.

Haven: Her current haven is a brothel in Hermanstadt.
She torments herself by listening to the sounds of pleasure she
can never attain. Other tasks must become her pleasure.

Secrets: As the concerns of her domain increasingly
trouble her, she has begun to spend more free time in her
lupine form (through the use of Protean). While this was once
a way to escape her human concerns, it has since become an
excuse to unleash her bestial desires. As the moon waxes
toward full, she finds it harder to remember her activities
among the wolves. Some evenings, she awakens deep within
the soil, and retains no memory of the previous night. Oddly
enough, while gathering herbs, she has discovered that she has
acurious aversion to wolfsbane. She is reluctant to tell anyone
of this strange behavior, and so it remains her darkest secret.

There are a few other facts Marusca does not realize. Her
village was burned not by the Szeklers, but by a Gangrel acting
on Arnulf's behalf — namely Tiberiu, who had begun his
harassment of the city. He has never confessed this for fear of
retribution. The Gangrel she destroyed was a grandchilde of

Arnulf, one who was acting according to his wishes. This has
earned her Arnulf's enmity. And the Tzimisce who originally
wanted to destroy Castle Hermanstadt was none other than
Radu, acting on behalf of Vladimir Rustovitch. This secret has
also remained buried for some time.

Influence: It is no secret that Marusca commands hun-
dreds of wolves. It is also known that whena problem perplexes
her, she will shift into the shape of a black wolf and roam
through her lands. Few know the privileges she takes as an
alpha female. Human suitors hold no interest for her. She may
seduce any male in her pack, and she adds a certain human
inventiveness to these liaisons. As she cannot consummate
these relationships in the conventional way, exsanguination
has to suffice.

Destiny: Hermanstadt will one day become the capital of
Transylvania. When its Diet is moved to Cluj, Marusca and
her swiftest pack will travel to Cluj-Napoca, where she will
hold greater power. Collectively, they will oppose the Saxon
Cainites who attempt to seize power with the assistance of the
Hungarians. While Nova will rule the council with an iron
fist, the Transylvanian Cainites will secretly recognize Marusca
as a fellow conspirator.

Clan: Nosferatu
Sire: Zelios
Generation: 8th

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Nature: Survivor

Demeanor: Autocrat

Embrace: 1110

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Leadership 3
Skills: Animal Ken 5, Herbalism 4, Stealth 4, Survival 4
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 3, Investigation 3, Linguistics
2, Medicine 4, Seneschal 3

Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 4, Obfuscate 3, Protean 5
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 3, Status 2

Virtues: Conviction 3, Instinct 4, Courage 4

Road: Beast 8

Willpower: 8

RUuxANDRA,
Devious CONSPIRATOR

Background: Ruxandra began working in her father's
tavern at the age of 15. Though her father had taught her the
value of hard work, he was rarely thankful for what she did.
Ruxandra's mother had been a servant to none other than
Nova Arpad, the local overlord. She died mysteriously while
serving the Arpads, and no explanation was ever given.
Despair destroyed her father's spirit, and after the death of her
mother, Ruxandra felt abandoned and unloved.

Nonetheless, she was the recipient of other interest. Work-
ing inthe tavern, she knew how often the gaze of drunken old men
lingered over her body. At first she was ashamed, but soon she
became amused by how she could use this gift to her advantage.
As the most beautiful girl in her village, she entertained many
young suitors and learned to stir the lust of many old men.

Another frequent visitor to the inn, Marusca of Clan
Nosferatu, also learned of her talents. Many a time, Marusca
would enter the inn in disguise. Through her mastery of
Obfuscate, she would always disguise herself as a traveler in
search of stories and information. Each time, the facade would
be different, but these travelers were, of course, always men.
Ruxandra sensed something strange about these visitors. Their
immunity to her charm piqued her interest.

This interest intensified when Ruxandra gained the abil-
ity to sense intuitively when Marusca entered her inn. On
these occasions, she considered herself faced with a challenge.
A few well-chosen words and a few gentle touches allowed her
to gauge the stranger's reactions. The more often Marusca
visited, the more often Ruxandra tested her. Marusca was
intrigued. Ruxandra knew she was being watched, and she
came to consider her visitor as a supernatural force. Lacking a
savior in the mortal world, she fervently hoped this unseen
presence could act as her guardian angel.


Within a few months, Ruxandra's charm and beauty impressed another visitor to the tavern.
Olithio Szantovich was a lackey to Nova Arpad, one with an eye for beautiful women. He offered
her a position in the Arpad household, one that would bring her better wages than what she
received in the inn. Ruxandra was curious, for she had always wondered about the circumstances
of her mother's disappearance. Willingly, she left her father to work in Nova's household.
What she experienced scarred her for life and beyond. Within the private chambers of the
Arpad household, the revenant slave lord conditioned Ruxandra to submit fully to her
master. Through careful Domination, her memories of these nights were eradicated
from her mind, but the scars and bruises were not so easy to hide. She had inherited
her mother's beauty, and soon, she reasoned, she would inherit her mother's fate.
No mortal could fully learn what Ruxandra experienced, but a few Cainites were
aware of the threat that Nova's household posed. Marusca had not forgotten that
beautiful maiden in the inn. On moonlit nights, she would often lurk around the estate,
not only to learn more about the Arpad overlord, but also to discover Ruxandra's fate.
When at lastshe entered Ruxandra's chambers, careful use of her powers of Auspex assisted
her in unlocking Ruxandra's terrible memories. The Nosferatu was consumed with rage.
Intent on freeing the young woman from servitude, Marusca abducted and
Embraced the girl. To Marusca, Ruxandra's liberation was a blessing. To Ruxandra, the
hideous transformation she underwent was a curse. Abuse had destroyed her self-
esteem, psychic torment had destroyed her mind, and the Embrace of her Nosferatu
guardian angel had destroyed her beauty. There were only two condolences from her
Dark Gift: the ability to Obfuscate and the opportunity for revenge.
The more horrified she grew from her disfigurement, the more she studied
various tactics of manipulation. She learned methods of seduction and all the
different stratagems involved. Over time, memories of her abuse
began to resurface, and the Beast within her harnessed that pain.
Once her craft at impersonation was well developed, she began to
study the Cainite she would eventually replace: Nova Arpad. She now seeks

vengeance, not only for what she has suffered, but also for what happened to her
mother. Ruxandra has now taken Nova's place, and the Ventrue are none the wiser.

Image: Ruxandra is never truly what she seems. Each female guise she adopts
is...distinctive...in one way or another. Taking on a form that is plain or unattractive
is very hard for her. Most of her time is spent in the form of Nova.

Roleplaying Hints: Become whatever viewers want you to be. Right now, they
want Nova, so you adopt her mannerisms to the hilt. When alone with prey, indulge

your pent-up need for playfulness. When alone with Nova, indulge your pent-up
need for revenge.
Haven: She sleeps on silken sheets in Nova's estate, enjoying the luxury Nova
once possessed. Her days are still tormented, however, by dreams of her suffering. She
also dreams elaborate fantasies of what she could have accomplished with the young
men of the village had she not been robbed of her beauty.

Secrets: Ruxandra cannot escape her weakness for taverns. Now that the first
stage of her revenge has brought some surcease to her suffering, she dreams of
exploiting the men of the inn where she once worked. Her favorite method of hunting
is seducing a man and discarding him as an empty vessel after she has slaked her lust
ina particularly violent manner. She was Embraced as a virgin, and that fact, coupled
with Olithio's attentions, has given her a very distorted view of how physical lust
should be satisfied. Her careless method of feeding may be her undoing.

Influence: In her other life as a predator, she commands only one or two mortals
ata time. Her suitors are most ardent. She also wishes to secure enough influence to

cover up her careless hobby. As Nova, she does not possess the talent to
exploit fully the power of the overlord; instead, Marusca acts behind the


Destiny: After Nova's liberation, Ruxandra will not disclose her fellow
conspirators, but will be formally declared as the object of one of Nova's Blood
Hunts. This will make her unlife even more exciting.

Clan: Nosferatu

Sire: Marusca

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 9th

Embrace: 1175

Apparent Age: 17

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 0
Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 5, Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 3,
Larceny 3, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Herbalism 2, Melee 3, Stealth 3, Survival 2
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Investigation 3, Occult 2

Disciplines: Animalism 1, Auspex 2, Obfuscate 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 2, Herd 2, Influence 3, Mentor 3, Re-
sources 3, Status 1

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Road: Humanity 4

Willpower: 8

RAVNOS

Vassily TALTOS,
Diptomatic Apvisor AND
SPYMASTER

Background: In the 12th century, most Rom were content to live in
Asia Minor. Though they had wandered far from their homelands, their
curse had not yet driven them to the tumultuous lands of Europe. Only a
few families were so consumed by wanderlust that they yearned to see the
fabled spires of Byzantium. The Taltos was one such Gypsy family. In
1172, the kumpaniaof Vassily Taltos arrived at the gates of Constaninople.

Vassily was an outsider to Byzantine society, mistrusted and
reviled. His kind were not welcome in the city, and soon the
authorities found pretexts to imprison members of his family. The
young man sought allies who would assist him in liberating his kin.
He found them. The Ravnos of the West eagerly awaited the day
when their mortal children would be able to roam throughout Europe. To free his
kumpania, Vassily drank the vitae of a Ravnos elder and swore his loyalty.

Although half his kumpania was killed by mortal "justice," the remainder
were liberated by Cainites. They turned back toward their homelands, but
Vassily's curiosity ran unabated. Succumbing to the Embrace, he began a
journey to seek his fortune. Unlike his elders, however, he chose a different
route. Instead of the Road of Paradox, he chose the Road of Humanity.

Vassily learned to play the game of politics, ensuring his survival by
telling just the right lies to both sides in any struggle. He soon served as fey,
advisor to several Ventrue rulers of the Western Balkans, all the while

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT re cage ae i

SALES


sending information to his clanmates in the East. His glib
tongue assisted him in negotiating peace between the rampag-
ing Gangrel, the proud Brujah and the elitist Ventrue. By 1180,
he hovered around the undead court of Bulgaria. By 1190, he
took up residence near the court of the Hungarian king.

There is a method to Vassily's designs. By gathering
information about the West, he anticipates the day when his
people will spread across the Balkans. Through diplomacy, he
has earned a place of respect as an expert negotiator. More-
over, he has slowly developed anetwork of spies and informers.
Through his occult discipline and his cunning, he finds
ingenious methods of motivating them.

It is only a matter of time until he betrays his Ventrue
masters or is in turn betrayed. In the year 1197, he is trying to
make peace between East and West, and his latest goal is to end
hostilities between the Ventrue and Tzimisce. He is gathering
a coterie to travel across the Voivodate of Transylvania, in
hopes of opening negotiations with Radu, the Prince of the
Domain of Bistritz; Noriz, the tyrannical overlord of Moldavia;
and Yorak, the godlike Tzimisce Ancient.

Vassily feels that he can speak for the Gypsies as a whole,
but his idealism is not always shared by others. In fact, his
willingness to speak with princes and other vampire lords has
gained him mistrust among many of his own kind. Delizbieta
of the Dark Eyes, companion to the Ravnos Izydor Torenu, is
one such enemy. Delizbieta and Izydor reside in the city of
Buda-Pest, where Delizbieta works as a fortuneteller, and
would much rather exploit the weaknesses of the city's rulers

than attempt to strengthen them. This is further complicated
by a rivalry between their two families. The Taltos family and
the Torenu are old enemies; both Delizbieta and Izydor
consider Vassily a traitor of the worst kind. The mortal
members of their respective kumpaniyi scheme against each
other incessantly.

In fact, Vassily's motivations are far from altruistic. The
fact that his position as an advisor to princes brings him
personal wealth and privilege amuses him greatly. He is
rewarded well for what he does, and he considers this his just
reward for what he has done for others. Despite this, Vassily is
still idealistic enough to believe that there is a place for the
Rom in the Kingdom of Hungary. His news to the Ravnos of
Byzantium is encouraging, and perhaps within a few centuries,
they may be able to enjoy...or suffer...the results of Vassily's
negotiations, depending on how well he succeeds.

Image: Vassily is a staunch individualist who refuses to
abandon his Gypsy heritage. This makes him a complete
outsider in Western society. His clothes are always gaudy, but
he does not openly display wealth. His words are always
carefully chosen, but there is laughter in his eyes.

Roleplaying Hints: Treat everyone as a potential friend;
consider everyone as a potential enemy. Though others may
see you as a coward, you know the value of your infrequent
reports to the Ravnos elders. The scam pays off every night you
feed well and sleep safely.

Haven: When advising in Western Hungary, Vassily
retreats toa haven not far from the markets of Buda-Pest. Each
dawn, his mortal entourage buries him in the basement of a
local house of prostitution. Vassily's talent at Auspex allows
him to glean information from the troubled potential pawns
who visit there.

Secrets: Though he is a trusted member of the Ravnos,
his reputation is allowing a few members of his clan to make
great profits in the East. Many act as scouts and spies, freely
selling information to all sides of the conflicts there. Though
he himself controls a great deal of respect among those in
power, he is gaining a reputation as a traitor among other
members of his clan.

Influence: Vassily maintains a mortal entourage of schem-
ers and thieves. Only a few of them are Gypsies, but all are
exceptionally talented at spying. The network is not exten-
sive, but it is slowly growing.

Destiny: In the year 1200, the Ventrue will use Vassily as
a pawn in a power struggle against the Tzimisce. In return for
his years of service, he will be sent to Transylvania, not as a
diplomat, but as a sacrifice. Messengers have already traveled
to Yorak's Cathedral of Flesh and informed him that a fresh
tribute is on its way. Vassily, however, will be guileful enough
to strike an alliance with Yorak. In return for allowing a few
Gypsy families to live in Transylvania, Vassily will offer the
Tzimisce a wealth of information about the cities of Eastern
Europe. He will also be tricked into luring Dominic of Clan
Brujah into the spider's web.

While Vassily is in Transylvania, many of his mortal allies
in Buda-Pest will be killed. Upon his return, he will flee in grief
and seek to strengthen his alliances in the East. Within 200
years, however, the relationship will sour. The Gypsies who
come to Western Hungary and Transylvania will be treated as
little more than slaves, and Vassily will suffer the Ravnos'
blame for this turn of events.

By 1348, the descendants of the Taltos family will rejoin
Vassily outside the city of Kossovo. There he will witness
another horror — the depredations of the Ottoman Turks. By
1450, he will see his descendants work as slaves for the
Tzimisce lords of Wallachia. Vassily's idealism will turn to
failure. His anger will be passed to his childe, Vanislav, and he
will instruct his childe to enact vengeance against the Balkan
princes. In disgrace, he will thus find an opportunity for his
greatest triumph.

Clan: Ravnos

Sire: Sanser

Nature: Fanatic

Demeanor: Innovator

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1145

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 3

THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE


Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 1, Dodge 1, Empathy 2, Larceny 4, Leadership 2,
Subterfuge 3

Skills: Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Linguistics 3, Medicine 2, Occult 2, Politics 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Chimerstry 3, Dominate 3, Fortitude 3, Obfuscate 3
Backgrounds: Allies 4, Contacts 5, Mentor 3, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 2, Courage 2

Road: Humanity 7

Willpower: 7

Izypor TORENU.
KING OF THIEVES

Background: Learning thievery and swindling at an early age, Izydor became one
of his family's chief providers by the age of 10. Always on the move and persecuted by
the settled folk among whom his family passed, Izydor also managed to pick up useful
fighting techniques. Throughout his youth, Izydor heard tales of his uncle, a great
hero who could bamboozle the most careful miser into surrendering his money, talk
a lady right out of her clothing, dance to a lively tune and steal six horses — all at
the same time. Izydor swore that someday he would rival his Uncle Irendo in the
wonderful things he could do.

When he was 15, Izydor joined with other children from his extended family clan,
forming a kumpania (group of traveling companions). As they traveled, the companions
learned to complement one another's skills. If one of them thought of a clever ruse to
pull on a fat-pursed merchant, the others would fall in with the scheme. playing their
parts to perfection. One such scheme involved stealing a nobleman's ring to give to
amerchant's daughter so she might claim her illegitimate child was his. The scheme
was ruined by the intervention of another group of kumpania from the rival Taltos
family. One of Izydor's companions was caught in the act and executed. Izydor
swore vengeance on the other kumpania's leader, Vassily Taltos.

This was not a difficult thing to swear. A feud had existed between the two
families for generations, though few could remember why. Because the younger
members kept up the feud, pouring oil on the fire each generation, the feud refused to die.
Now Izydor swore to uphold his family's honor and see Vassily paid back tenfold.

Izydor and his remaining companions came to Byzantium just days before Vassily
and his kumpania arrived. Quickly discovering who held power in the city, Izydor
approached the commander of the city's guard and told him of his enemy's imminent
arrival. Describing Vassily and his kumpania as a group of thieves and assassins sent
to spread chaos throughout Constantinople, Izydor convinced the commander to
trump up charges against them before they could actually cause harm to anyone in
the city. (The jeweled ring Izydor presented to the commander might have swayed
his judgment as well.)

Having provided for his rival's downfall, the Torenu prepared to depart Constantinople,
intending to head toward Kiev (which they didn't know had fallen). Before they could leave,
however, Izydor was confronted by his uncle, the famous Irendo. His uncle congratulated

Izydor on his cleverness and asked if he would like to enjoy an eternity in which to perfect his
skills. With Izydor's heartfelt agreement (although he halfway expected some sort of trick),
Irendo Embraced him. Watching from the shadows, Izydor saw Vassily's entry into Constantinople
—and the swift "justice" that fell on his rival's companions.

Released from his uncle's tutoring and laughing at his own cleverness, Izydor led his
group from Constantinople. He would not learn for several years that Vassily did not
die, but was Embraced into the Ravnos clan.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Faas


Izydor has now traveled throughout much of Eastern
Europe with his kumpania. Wherever the group stops, its
members ply their trades as tinsmiths, horse traders and
fortunetellers. Izydor himself is a master thief who specializes
in robbing folk while their attention is distracted by one of
his kumpania. Izydor and his family are rarities, and certainly
remarkable in the area. They act as scouts for those who will
one day be known as Romani or Gypsies, moving in advance
of their migrating people and evaluating different areas for
their suitability as new homelands.

Though Izydor considers Vassily to have been paid
back, he hates his rival fiercely still. He sneers at Taltos's
attempts to prop up princes and considers Vassily a traitor
to his own people. For now, Izydor is content to move about
Buda-Pest, committing robberies and keeping an eye on his
old rival.

Image: Izydor is small and slender, with flashing dark
eyes, white teeth, dark skin and shoulder-length curly black
hair which he wears beneath a dark silk hat. Unlike many
Gypsies, he wears relatively drab clothing, seeking to avoid
undue attention.

Roleplaying Hints: You are king of thieves, with a
quickness and cleverness that keep anyone from catching you
in the act. You are also very charming and can talk your way
out of most situations if you are caught. Unlike many of your
people, you possess a decided mean streak, and nothing pleases
you so much as tricking an opponent into a dire fate.

Haven: A false floor beneath his kumpania's wagon pro-
vides a haven for Izydor during the day. Because it is left so
obviously in the open and unguarded, Izydor feels certain no
one suspects him of resting there.

Secrets: Izydor knows that Vassily Taltos is playing
various Cainites off against one another. He is also aware
that a particular Islamic merchant brings potent Eastern
drugs into the bazaar in Pest. Though he does not know to
whom the drugs are given, he has overheard the merchant
speaking of Geza Arpad and the payment the merchant
expects in return for his "special" goods. The Ravnos has
seen the "god" Havnor and knows that it is actually a
Cainite masquerading as a god.

Influence: The main influence Izydor exerts over mortals
comes through his companion, Delizbieta. If lzydor manages to
steal something of significance from important people in
Buda-Pest, he has Delizbieta offer to "find" it for them — ata
price. Sometimes the price is a favor rather than money.

Destiny: Izydor manages to escape serious harm until
the mid-14th century, when he leads a number of his people
(now called Gypsies) to the beautiful land of Transylvania.
Once there, half the Romani tribes are enslaved and brutal-
ized. The others become wanderers reviled throughout
Europe. Despised by his own people for his part in bringing
them to this land of sorrow, Izydor Embraces Delizbieta,
thus destroying her magick, then leaps to his death in a
Samhain bonfire.

Clan: Ravnos

Sire: Irendo

Nature: Rogue

Demeanor: Jester

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1145

Apparent Age: 20

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Guile 3, Larceny 5, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Animal Ken 2, Etiquette 1, Herbalism 1, Melee 3,
Music 2, Ride 2, Stealth 4, Survival 1

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 2, Investigation 1, Linguistics
(Greek, Hungarian) 2, Navigation 2, Occult 1

Disciplines: Animalism 2, Celerity 2, Chimerstry 4, Fortitude 2
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Contacts 2, Resources 2, Mentor 3
Virtues: Conviction 2, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Road: Paradox 6

Willpower: 6

TOREHDOR

ARIANNE,
INSTIGATOR OF TRAGIC
ROMANCE

Background: A woman of distinction, Arianne was
always fascinated with the hidden side of courtly life. At the
turn of the century, the Arpads wanted to emulate the culture
of the Westerners, butstill did not fully understand it. Through
careful diplomacy, Arianne gained the opportunity to travel
to the West and learn the ways of the Parisian courts. What
she saw changed her forever.

Arianne was turned in the year 1120 in Paris by an
unliving lover. Though she fell madly in love, her sire saw
her as amere amusement. He began to school her in the ways
of courtly love, educating her in its intricacies. From there,
the couple critiqued the failings of many mortal romances,
fascinated by the mysteries of the heart. When her sire
rejected her for a mortal who had engaged his interest, she
sought revenge. At first she acted jealous, playing fully into
the rules of courtly love. Then she became curiously compla-
cent and even offered to arrange a secret tryst between her
sire and his lover to show her respect.

One evening, her sire's beautiful young mortal lover
awaited him in an elegant bedroom. The elder stormed the
room to take his lover, body and soul. As he savored the
mortal's blood, he found it heady and intoxicating. But, just as
ardor burned in his breast, the young woman's blood burned

THE CAINITES OF EASTERN EUROPE


on his lips. The poisons Arianne had steeped in the mortal's blood infected his bloodstream, and
he fell into a torturously painful torpor. Love and death, after all, are often intertwined.

Noone inthe courtofParissuspected Arianne's involvement in the poisoning of the two lovers.
She had learned two of the most important rules of courtly love: "jealously increases love" and "love
revealed is love diminished." Her jealousy brought her great passion, and no one discovered her
love'sconsummation. Hersire's unsolved murder was the bleak resolution ofa tragic romance, one
that was never destroyed by the revelation of the truth.

Returning to the Kingdom of Hungary, Arianne quickly became an important
addition to the Hungarian Cainites. She is quite willing to travel, and she regularly visits
the courts of Buda-Pest and Esztergom. As an expert on Western culture and fashion, she
helps to raise the standards of Hungary, bringing the court to a cultural par with the West.

She has retained one vice: an amusement with courtly love. She has taught the 22 rules
of this mortal enterprise to many members of the nobility, including mortals, revenants and
Cainites. When she plays this game, however, she does so with a vicious edge. The rules are
always twisted to her advantage. The loss of her first love forces her to see flaws in any
budding romance, and driving such alliances to destruction fulfills her. Thus is her taste for
romance consummated. As the Romans have said, all is fair in love and war.

Astime has passed, Arianne'scourtly love has became far from fair. Her jaded sensibilities
have turned her so-called love into bestial depredation. As she falls further from noble ideas
of romance, her suitors are made to suffer more. A lover eats little, sleeps little and, when
Arianne is involved, suffers greatly. The greater the love, she reasons, the greater the suffering.
Her latest tryst involves playing two revenants of the Szantovich family against each other.
She has been disappearing for months ata time to continue her cruel game, and both she and
her loversare learning more and more each night they play. Through hercunningand intellect,
Arianne is certain that love will conquer all. If love won't, she will.

Image: Innocent blue eyes light up Arianne's face. Her white skin adds to the image
of fragility. Long dark tresses and a demure demeanor add to the gesture. When her cruelty
shows, however, she is even more compelling. Arianne may appear gentle, but she is the
consummate "predator who attacks through sudden surrenders."

Roleplaying Hints: Be gentle, gracious, demure and solicitous, particularly when
commiserating with the lovelorn. Hang on their every word, here and there driving in an
artfully chosen verbal dagger disguised as sympathy.

Haven: Arianne often resides in her current lover's home; she also maintains several
luxurious havens in Buda-Pest and Esztergom.

Secrets: Bulscu of Clan Ventrue repulses her. By her reasoning, he knows the crude
eroticism of physical degeneration but cares not a whit for love. She also knows about the
activities of Roland, a Ventrue lackey who has gained a position of authority by delivering
mortal slaves to slake Bulscu's undying lust. She dares not voice her disgust at this practice,
as it may turn the Arpad Ventrue against her, but she anxiously awaits an opportunity to
strike against Bulscu and Roland. She is paying handsomely to gather information on the
two of them, and any scheme to destroy them would attract her interest.

Influence: Her influence extends not only through the court of the unliving, but
through the mortal kingdoms as well. She can easily raise or lower the reputation of a

promising manipulator with but a few well-placed rumors.

Destiny: The Szantoviches will learn a great deal from her tutelage. Her schemes
against Bulscu will enjoy only modest success, but her infamy and rejection from her own
clan will one night make her one of the first Toreador antitribu.

Clan: Toreador

Sire: Oliver

Nature: Loner
Demeanor: Romantic
Generation: 7th

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT


Embrace: 1120

Apparent Age: early 20s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 2, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 5
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 4, Alertness 4, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 2, Larceny
2, Subterfuge 5

Skills: Crafts 3, Etiquette 3, Herbalism 3, Melee 2, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 3, Investigation 3, Medicine 2, Politics 2 y eS ff

Ce il
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Celerity 2, Dominate 4, Presence 4 Pry Woy CG
EN Gy 5 e Status »)
Background: Contacts 2, Influence 3, Resources 4, Status 2 f et EER G

aPEe
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 4 RY

Road: Humanity 3
Willpower: 8

VENTRUE

BuLscu,
Syparitic MASTERMIND

Background: Bulscu is revered by some for his heroism and reviled | .
by others for his cowardice. As the founder of the Magyar Ventrue, he has iS
built a family of kingmakers. In his early days overseeing Hungary, he
ensured that his domain would enjoy independence from the Ventrue
who created him. Despite this, he has slowly been ensnared by others.

In his mortal life, the Man of Blood was a charismatic chieftain who
rallied Hungarian warriors against their enemies to the north. His
appetite for life was fierce, but after he learned of the existence of the
undead, his taste for vitae became even fiercer. Ina communion with the
unliving, he knelt before the Brujah who instructed him. In reverence,
he drank of their blood and was intoxicated by the strength it brought
him. Bulscu realized the power these creatures could give him, and he
religiously submitted to them. He was chosen to receive the honor of
serving Dominic, a Brujah held in great esteem for his role in the clan's
revenge against the Ventrue.

Beyond the veil of sleep, though, another Cainite called to the
depths of his mind. Bulscu dreamed of power. The triumph of a strong
warrior was not enough for him. He desired the absolute power and
influence a true king could command. Heady with the thought of such a
fate, Bulscu drove his warriors westward to a fortress he had seen only in
his dreams. Dominic's prone body was carried with them to witness the
storming of the castle firsthand.

On the eve of battle, Dominic sluggishly arose from his well-secured and
heavily guarded coffin. Before he could fully come to his senses, Bulscu drove a spike
through Dominic's heart, plunging him into torpor. The Brujah's body was buried in
a glen in the shadow of the fortress. Within the castle later that night, Bulscu knelt
before his new Ventrue master. His taste for blood became more refined, and his
thirst for power grew even stronger. When he at last left the castle, he did so as
one of the Damned. The betrayal of Dominic was complete.

The armies of Hungary traveled onward without Bulscu. Lacking the
guidance of either their mortal or Cainite leader, they were defeated within a
fortnight. Bulscu's body was returned to Buda-Pest viaa separate route, and he took

up residence deep within the castle of Buda. He rapidly infiltrated
the politics of the Arpad family, and the kingdom's collusion with
the West was at last assured. In the centuries to come, Western
Hungary wouldnolongeracknowledge the authority of Byzantium,
but would instead become a Western nation.

Since then, Bulscu has carefully maintained control over
the mortal Arpads. Each week, a mortal of the Arpad family is
brought before him. After a lively discussion of politics and a
delightful evening of psychic abuse, Bulscu dines on aristo-
cratic blood. This is the central act of his existence. He is
content to have his childer support him and uses his power
over them sparingly so long as his hunger is appeased.

Unfortunately, Bulscu has gained other hungers. His
chambers are home to an entourage of beautiful men and
women kept for his amusement. Also, as part of his private
orgies, he has gained an appreciation for addictive substances
brought from the East. His slaves hunger both for his blood and
for the overpowering drugs that infect it. Though Bulscu is
clever, his willpower and control are not so strong as they once
were. His monstrous depredations are becoming legendary
among the Cainites of his kingdom.

Since his betrayal of Dominic, Bulscu has created three
childer. His careful involvementin politics gives him opportunities
to watch the aristocracy very closely. Bulscu had one mortal child
prior to his Embrace. Zombar Arpad wasa cunning diplomat to the
court of Byzantium and a promising king. Bulscu rewarded him for
his long life of accomplishment by baptizing him in blood. For
Zombar, however, the thought of serving his father for eternity was
too great a burden to him. After manipulating the mortal Arpads
for 100 years, he ended his unlife in a violent suicide.

Geza Arpad was an even greater failure. The formerly devout
king was instrumental in influencing the religious outlook of the
kingdom, but he saw his Embrace as eternal damnation. From
Geza's mindset, he is forever banned from the Kingdom of God.
Corrupted by despair, he now rules Esztergom asits self-proclaimed
"archbishop." Geza has used the rapidly growing Church in Hun-
gary asa means for him to exploit the mortal populace. He has also
spread his Cainite servants throughout the land. He schemes
against his sire incessantly, and he has made an alliance with an
Assamite to supply Bulscu with addictive drugs.

Bulscu's third childe is not of the Arpad family, but,
curiously enough, is the most loyal. Vencel Rikard was a
Bavarian knight in life and is now a devoted childe in death. He
regularly seeks audience with his sire for advice, even as he
watches Bulscu's degeneracy increase. Though he knows his sire
lives a tortured life, he holds a great love for him and would
struggle until Final Death to save him. Vencel does not suspect
Geza's conspiracy, but he is fully aware of Bulscu's growing peril.

Inthe longnights ofthe 12th century, Bulscu's humanity has
faded away. He is increasingly aware of how much free will he gave
up to his sire, and his only escape from his helplessness, despair
and remorse is his epic debauchery. His exploitation of his mortal
slaves becomes increasingly grotesque by the night. The Beast

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Within devises ingenious tortures for them, and he has begun to
employ vivisection as an aid to his feeding. (He thus possesses one
of the most odious habits of this era: atrocious table manners.) His
abuse of drugs from the East reduces him to little more than an
animal by the end of each night, and his addiction is so fierce that
he will do anything to ensure that his hunger is sated.

Geza and his ally Fariq are the sole suppliers of these exotic
substances, and this arrangement gives them leverage for ma-
nipulating Bulscu. Bulscu's Beast has been chained, and Geza
holds the key. If Bulscu could gain the willpower to forsake
pleasure, he would be a power to be reckoned with. For now,
however, the giant has been tamed, content in the pleasures of
flesh and blood. If the chains of addiction are ever broken,
Bulscu's revenge will be epic, both in its scope and in its cruelty.

Image: Though ferocious in the youth of his breathing days,
Bulscu has become somewhat sedentary and sluggish of late. He
still wakes each evening in the peak of physical condition, just as
he was on the night he was turned. His luxurious depredations,
however, heavily tax his constitution. He continually pushes
himself to new limits of indulgence. Among the undead, he can
beacommanding presence, but his increasing addictions dissuade
him from fully displaying his authority.

Roleplaying Hints: Basking in pleasure helps you forget
that your days of conquest are over. Your lessers entertain you
with respect, but you know it isa sham. Now the only focus of
life is diversion. The Ventrue control you, your childer control
you, the Brujah revile you, and few would stand by your side
save for the chance to exploit you. Your power has become a
burden far beyond what you expected.

Haven: There are a series of secretive chambers beneath the
castle of Buda. In the deepest of these, Bulscu maintains his blood
cult. A lackey provides him with asteady supply of mortal victims,
yet Bulscu's appetites have become so ferocious that keeping his
nocturnal activities secret has become rather difficult.

Secrets: As Bulscu's addiction grows, so does his toler-
ance. He is poisoning himself slowly, but his resistance to
toxins is becoming significant. In addition, he is learning to
freshen his blood by flushing his system through his healthier
Blood Dolls. They in turn acquire his addiction, and so he must
destroy them through an overdose of his drugged blood. His
lackey possesses the skill to dispose of them, but lacks the
scientific acumen to determine their cause of death.

Influence: A great deal of Bulscu's influence is over the
nobility of the House of Arpad. He is well informed, but he
rarely exerts his power. Over the next 40 years, machinations
within the House of Arpad will unintentionally drive it to the
brink of annihilation.

Destiny: Over the next century, Bulscu's influence over
Hungary will fade. By his own hand, he will drive himself into
torpor, and Vencel will loyally watch over his body. By the 16th
century, Bulscu will arise, his body purged of the chemicals that
furthered his madness. The Beast will shatter its chains, and
Bulscu will exact his revenge with the aid of an unexpected ally.


Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Heinrich of Volstag

Nature: Monster

Demeanor: Celebrant

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 955

Apparent Age: late 40s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 5

Skills: Archery 2, Herbalism 3, Melee 4, Stealth 2

Knowledges: Law 3, Politics 5

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Fortitude 5, Potence 3, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 5, Herd 4, Influence 5, Mentor 5,
Resources 5, Retainers 5, Status 5

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 1, Courage |

Road: Humanity 1

Willpower: 3

GeEzA ARPAD,
FAYRCHBISHOP OF
ESZTERGOM

Background: In his mortal days, Geza engi-

neered a brilliant deception as King of Hungary. While
helping to spread Christianity and break the control of
rural shamans in his kingdom, he also practiced pagan
rituals in secret. When he at last stepped down from the
throne and into the shadows, his secretive activities

SO
ox

became more elaborate.

SS

xX <

SS

In old age, Geza was recruited by Bulscu into the world
of the undead. Bulscu considered the Embrace to bea reward
for a lifetime of service to the kingdom. Geza regarded the
Dark Gift differently. As a religious man, he had hoped to
receive the reward of the afterlife after shuffling off his mortal
coil. Spending eternity trapped in the physical world with an
undying thirst for the blood of the living was not what he
expected. His God had forsaken him. The realization of what
he had become destroyed his sanity.

Now Geza still sees himself as part of God's plan, but not
as God's servant. Now that he has fallen from grace, he must
test the faith of the holy.

While Bulscu and Vencel control Buda-Pest, Geza has
retreated to Esztergom, where he reigns over the city. Esztergom
was once the center of Hungary's government, but it has since
become a religious capital controlling 10 bishoprics. As with other
cities in the East, the mask of civility hides the visage of barbarism.

Geza still considers himself a Christian, but he uses this
facade to hide darker practices. He still practices his pagan rituals,
and he has become fascinated with the old Dark Gods. These

S
Z

ZN
CSL
PVP

0

SK

ce
WA

€

~S 4


(

infernal forces do not seek to corrupt souls, but instead work
to taint the land. Desecration of holy places increases their
presence in the physical world. Torture and sacrifice of the
innocent are high ritual to these foul spirits. By worshipping
these infernal forces, Geza gains great power.

Geza's agents have spread throughout the bishoprics to do
his bidding. Defilement and desecration, victimization and
exploitation are their agenda. While this unholy crusade has
achieved only modest success in Western Hungary, the east-
ern lands of the kingdom are falling further into darkness.

Geza realizes that many sites occupied by Christian churches
in Transylvania were once used by Tzimisce in their primitive
rituals. Beneath the temples of the Nailed God lie the labyrinths
of the Black Churches. Numerous Black Churches have been
reclaimed to further the worship of the Western God, yet the
lands that surround them have never been consecrated.

Geza's power grows nightly. With each passing year, Geza
retreats further from the light. Just as God condemned Lucifer
as part of His plan, the infernal forces of the Old Country have
accepted this holy man into their army of darkness.

Image: Geza is the very image of control, even when
despair consumes him. Eminently polite and diplomatic, he
has learned to pass himself off as the very model of Christian
civility. His fashion is always current with the latest trends in
the West, although his appearance is unkempt. He isa haggard
old man who will suffer for an eternity, and nothing in his
mind can change that.

Roleplaying Hints: The more controlled you are, the fewer
people will doubt you. Emulate the etiquette of Westerners. Be
polite to everyone in power. Make sure none of the bloodstains
show. You have been cast from Heaven to act as an adversary to
all that is holy, so work cautiously. Perhaps if you play your role
well, on Judgment Day God will release you from your curse. Or
maybe, if you are truly unfortunate, the darkness will win....

Haven: The Church of the Magdelane is not large, but it
suffices. In the catacombs below it, holy men are buried. Geza
considers his very presence there to be an act of desecration.
Countless rituals have brought the power of the old gods closer
to the catacombs, and while they do not reply, he decries his
horrific fate in their presence.

Secrets: Geza's rituals are slowly becoming more elabo-
rate. Murder is not tolerated, especially by a prince, so he must
keep his victims alive until he can destroy their memories. His
ghouls are becoming quite effective at gathering the young
mortals he requires, but if their activities become too frequent,
they will attract attention.

One important mortal threatens Geza's actions. Janos is a
devout priest who is being groomed for the position of archbishop
by the Lasombra Liseta Iluminada. Geza does not realize his
competition, and if Liseta acts quickly, he won't until it's too late.

Influence: Geza has a great deal of influence in religious
and occult circles. As prince of the city, he has far-ranging
influence over the city of Esztergom, but the somewhat un-
stable nature of his cronies limits the areas in which they can

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

bring influence to bear. Even during his meetings with advisors,

the subjects discussed veer toward the religious and philosophi-

cal rather than the temporal. The city will suffer accordingly.
Geza is respected among a religious order of Malkavians

that furthers the power of the demon Kupala. In return for their

desecration of the land, they are rewarded with growing insan-

ity. A few Tremere have also become interested in this religious

movement, and they seek to harness this power in their rituals.
Destiny: Esztergom's role in Hungary will fade, just as Buda-

Pest will grow stronger. The Catholic Church will secure power

over more and more of the city, but several of Esztergom's

churches will still be profaned and used by the Black Church. One

night, Geza will simply disappear, never to be seen again. Centu-

ries later, Sabbat antitribu will maintain the facade Geza erected.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Bulscu

Nature: Celebrant

Demeanor: Penitent

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 992

Apparent Age: late 50s

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 3,

Subterfuge 4, Leadership 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Linguistics 3,

Occult 4, Politics 3

Disciplines: Animalism 3, Auspex 4, Dementation 1, Domi-

nate 5, Presence 3, Vicissitude 1

Backgrounds: Allies 2, Contacts 5, Herd 3, Influence 4,

Resources 4, Retainers 3, Status 3

Road: Devil 4

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 2, Courage 2

Willpower: 7

ROLAND,
MaAsTER OF SLAVES

Background: In breathing days, Roland was contentto live
a life of pleasure. The consequences of his actions never dis-
turbed him, for the moment was everything. Handsome and
commanding, he took what he pleased and never feared the
consequences. His arrogance attracted the interest of a Parisian
sybarite, a Setite who admired his flair. At first, feeding on
Cainite blood was merely an exotic perversion, one he eagerly
cultivated. Soon he came to savor the wine of his master's veins,
and he found the life of a Setite ghoul to be much to his liking.

Roland's sire tired of the thrill of the hunt, and thus
employed his ghoul in the enterprise of finding mortals for his
entertainment. Each week, Roland was to outdo himself in
securing anew liaison. Thus did he learn the means of seducing
the noblewoman at the courtly ball, the value of insouciance
when slumming among the taverns of the poor, and the
intercourse of slavers and blackmailers.


Once his skill had developed, the Parisian Setite presented his servant as a gift to
a Ventrue with whom he wanted to gain favor. Roland was a valuable present indeed.
These elegant Ventrue required the satiation of their particular tastes while desiring
variety in their diet. The cities of the Holy Roman Empire offered a wide assortment
of mortals to entertain the degenerate undead.

When the Ventrue of the Holy Roman Empire began to playat politics in the Kingdom
of Hungary to the south, they considered the many rivals for the throne to be their
playthings as well. Despite this, many of the most likely candidates for the
Hungarian nobility were carefully groomed by Bulscu. As the childe of a
Germanic Ventrue Methuselah, Bulscu was off limits. This coterie of
Ventrue also knew that spying on Bulscu would give them an edge over
their competition. To infiltrate his household, they gifted him with
Roland. The ghoul was Embraced, anda Blood Oath ensured that the
spy would remain loyal.

For the nonce, Roland's employment is profitable. The
Slavs in particular are easy to buy and trade. Despite this,

Roland's task is becoming more difficult. He has had to travel
further to obtain the variety his master requires. Bulscu's toys

get broken quite frequently, and disposing of the bodies is
becoming more difficult. Many of them appear to have died from
exotic poisons, though Roland does not understand why. He would
very much like to leave Buda-Pest before he is caught disposing of the
bodies, but the Holy Roman Ventrue have other plans. For the time
being, they are leaving their pawn in place.

Image: A man of wealth and privilege, Roland is worldly
enough to integrate himself into any society. He dresses ostenta-
tiously when among the courts of nobles; when slumming, his dress
is far more subdued. He is fanatical about keeping himself attrac-
tive, and he is most comfortable when he is able to use Parisian
cosmetics. When he cannot, he is quite willing to adapt disguises.

Roleplaying Hints: You hide your revulsion for Bulscu as easily
as you hide your disgust at the tasks he assigns you. The idea that you
are in over your head is just beginning to gnaw at your consciousness.

Therefore, smile and preen all the more.

Haven: Elaborate chambers are maintained under a fortress
in Buda. Vencel does not care for Roland, but the lackey still has a
private chamber within his castle.

Secrets: Roland is becoming increasingly uncomfortable, despite
the fact that he would do anything to follow the orders of his master.
Indirectly, however, he would not consider making trouble for Bulscu to be a
violation of his pledge. He can be coerced into divulging secrets as long as he
does not put himself in any immediate danger. He is a thrall to a Ventrue
Inconnu, but not directly to Bulscu. Should Bulscu meet with misfortune, he
reasons, Bulscu's odious presence would no longer torment him.

Influence: Most of Roland's influence is in the form of contacts. He is
familiar with much of the kingdom's criminal activity, especially the slave
trade. He is intimately acquainted with the rapidly growing trade in local Slavs.

Destiny: When Roland is at last captured, he will divulge a great deal of
information about Bulscu. This will allow Bulscu's enemies to draw closer to their
quarry, eventually driving him to enter torpor by his own hand. The furious Holy
Roman Ventrue will reject Roland. Despondent, he will be willing to ally with
anyone who can afford his services. Eventually he will take service with the Setite
mastermind Count Jocalo, helping him infiltrate many of Europe's noble houses.


Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Otto

Nature: Deviant

Demeanor: Gallant

Generation: 10th

Embrace: 1103

Apparent Age: late 20s

Talents: Acting 3, Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Disguise 4, Dodge 2, Larceny 4, ;
Subterfuge 3 \
Skills: Etiquette 3, Stealth 3

Knowledges: Investigation 2, Linguistics 3, Medicine 3, Occult 1
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Obfuscate 2, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Herd 3, Resources 4, Status 2

Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 3, Courage 3

Road: Humanity 4

Willpower: 6

Rapo.F BRANDL,
PRINCE OF PRAGUE

Background: The third son of a noble German family, Rudolf was
given a knightly education, but also prepared to go into the Church
should suitable lands not become available (through his marriage to a
landed heiress) for him torule. With his good looks and obsequious personality,
Rudolf managed to insinuate himself among a group of knights and nobles who
outranked him, but allowed him to accompany (and fawn on) them.
One night as young Rudolf returned from a drinking bout with his
friends, he was set upon by what he thought was a brigand. The man grasped
him with hands as strong as steel, then sank his fangs into the terrified
knight's throat. When he awakened later, his assailant apologized for his
lack of control and told Rudolf that things had unfortunately gone too far.
Baron Hredel then explained to Rudolf that he was a Cainite, that he
had frenzied and attacked the young knight, and that Rudolf was now among
the undead. Hredel said that as soon as he recognized the quality of his
victim's clothing and weapons, he decided to Embrace him into the Ventrue (( :
clan. Over the next few years, Baron Hredel taught his young prétegé all he ;
could of Cainite society. Grateful that Hredel had Embraced him into the true y}
elite of the world, Rudolf did all he could to please his sire. i, BY
Over the next decades, Hredel groomed Rudolffora high position within the NY
Holy Roman Empire. When the Germans were invited into Bohemia, however, rn}
Rudolfs sire encouraged the young Cainite to go — and to become prince! It

surprised both of them when he did so, becoming Prince of Prague soon after his if
arrival. Little did he realize how difficult retaining that title would be.

Occupying a sumptuous suite in the interior of Prague Castle, the Ventrue prince
rules the area's Cainites, though his leadership is hardly secure. Dependent on the
goodwill of the Premysl family and burdened with weak, inattentive allies, Rudolf finds
himself forced more and more into a position as a puppet with no real power. He cannot
afford to antagonize either the Premysls (the true rulers of the city) or Tzimisce visitors
to the city. Nor can he interfere with Josef, the Nosferatu who claims the Jewish A
Quarter. The Brujah, Ecaterina the Wise, makes inroads nightly in Old Town, )
proselytizing to those who attend the university. Further, she incites the ZS
merchants, undercutting Prince Rudolf's lucrative trade contacts.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT


To combat the Brujah's support of heretical sects in the
city, Rudolf not only supports Christian churches, but has
instituted the cult worship of Mithras among soldiery stationed
in Old Town. He propagates the worship of the Ventrue known
as Mithras rather than the real rites of the ancient deity, which
greatly annoys those who worship the god.

Rudolf has no real friends, nor does he actually exert any
influence over the Cainites in the city. He spends most of his
time pleasing the Premysls. His continued reign is secure only
so long as he can hold off his enemies while presenting a false
front of absolute power and assurance.

Image: Rudolf's blond hair is elaborately coifed in a short
curly style made popular by the Romans. His blue eyes appear
frank and forthright, if a little puzzled sometimes. The prince
wears only the finest robes and furs and keeps a suit of
magnificent armor in his dressing chamber. His voice, which
could be commanding, is rarely raised above a quiet, oily tone
meant to flatter whomever he speaks with —except servants.
Those are to be ordered about with great authority.

Roleplaying Hints: You are Prince of Prague, a position
that allows you great luxury and a facade of power. You favor
certain merchants and award lucrative trade to them through
your agreements with the ruling Premysl family. Though it is
frustrating not to hold the reins of real power, the illusion is
enough for now — so long as no one unseats you.

Haven: Rudolfhas a sumptuous retreat beneath Prague Castle.

Secrets: The prince knows that the Premysls are hiding
an ancient Cainite, presumably one of their ancestors, some-
where in Prague. As they have asked that he decree Vysehrad
off limits to Cainites, he suspects the ancient one is hidden
there. He also knows that the Holy Roman Emperor lusts after
the land of Bohemia, wishing to add it to his territories.

Influence: Brand|'s influence is felt in the marketplace,
where German merchants (particularly those who offer him
expensive gifts) receive the most lucrative trade agreements.

Destiny: A few years from now, BrandI will demand that
Josef open the ghetto so the prince's cronies can feed there.
Upon Josef's refusal, the prince will send several ghouls to kill
the recalcitrant Nosferatu. They will arrive at Josef's haven
just before dawn, but discover that Josef is missing. That night,
Josef will make his way to Rudolf's private chambers and slay
the lazy prince before he arises for the evening.

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Baron Hredel

Nature: Sycophant

Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 8th

Embrace: 899

Apparent Age: 21

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 2, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 2, Intelligence 2, Wits 2

Talents: Acting 1, Alertness 1, Brawl 1, Dodge 2, Intimida-
tion 1, Leadership 2, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Archery 2, Etiquette 3, Melee 3, Ride 3, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Hearth Wisdom 1, Law 2, Linguis-
tics (Slavonic) 1, Politics 3, Seneschal 1, Theology 1
Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 2, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Allies 1, Contacts 2, Influence 3, Resources 4,
Status 4

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 3, Courage 2

Road: Humanity 5

Willpower: 4

Nova ArRpap,
HUNGARIAN OVERLORD

Background: The feudal system that brought peace and
prosperity to Western Hungary has taken a darker tone in
Eastern Hungary. Szekler settlers act as the nobility of
Transylvania, while Vlachs and other Romanians who settled
the lands over a thousand years ago now live as their serfs. The
Hungarian Ventrue have sent a brilliant member of their
family to oversee this system. While the mortal aristocracy
holds power by day, the sinister hierarchy of the night emerges
after doors and windows are barred at sundown.

Nova Arpad hasn't developed that system alone; if any-
thing, she echoes the cruelty mortal Szeklers have visited upon
the Vlachs. When she first arrived in Transylvania, she was an
idealist. By her mind, the actions of the Hungarians were
perfectly understandable. Hungary was a Christian kingdom,
and mortals who followed the dictates of the Pope possessed a
humanity that surpassed what even the Ventrue could hope to
accomplish. The western lands of the kingdom were a chal-
lenge to the civilized nation. Transylvania was a land of
barbaric pagans, and the very earth was tainted with a primi-
tive evil. Only the civilized could tame it.

Asa mortal woman, Nova was the daughter of an Arpad
noble. Her education was exquisite, consisting not only of
languages and literature, but also of music and horsemanship.
Despite her sharp mind, however, she was at best destined to
be the mastermind behind a powerful husband. No matter how
benevolent the union might seem, her husband would always
possess the power. That would never be enough for Nova.

The Embrace allowed her unparalleled opportunity. Poli-
tics fascinated her, and her acumen attracted the attention of
her elders. Stories of Hungarian and Transylvanian history
fascinated her. As a strong-willed and ambitious politician,
she believed that she could bring civility to the land. As a
Ventrue, she knew it was her right to bring order to the realm,
and the mortals would have to be taught their place in the
scheme of things. This wasn't a matter of arrogance — it was
one of Divine Right. Her ambition and eloquence won the
respect of her elders, and soon she was honored with the
chance to serve them in the untamed lands of Transylvania.


The Tzimisce also learned of this brilliant woman, and they countered her ambition with their own treachery. Any powerful
leader needs strong servants, and the Fiends had bred one who was ideally suited to such an impressive leader. Olithio Szantovich
knew much about the treatment of servants and slaves, and as a member of his infamous family, he had powers unknown to the West.
Once Nova's estate had been built in Mediasch, he traveled there and humbly petitioned to serve her. After securing a position in
the household, he cleverly evaluated Nova. Under her strong will was a need for sympathy, one
that Olithio worked to his advantage. Nova found him compelling, and her
attraction for him was undeniable. This, too, he worked to his advantage.

At first, their physical relationship was crudely satisfying. Mu-

tual feeding was only the beginning. As Olithio was immune to the
effects of the Blood Oath, this did not trouble him. His upbringing
had taught him many ways of pleasure, and he was an eager tutor.
Soon he lured her into more exotic liaisons. If the land was hers, he
argued, were not the mortals hers as well? Their consummations
began to involve the servants. On special nights, conditioned
slaves performed elaborate tableaux for the benefit of their masters,
and orgies of blood stained the walls of their masters' bedchamber.
The servants were rewarded with the eradication of their memories.
Slowly, they were treated as less and less human, and Nova's
humanity began to erode.

Nova's idealism was completely extinguished. The Tzimisce agent
had won. Nonetheless, while the revenant could corrupt her morals, he
could not fully win her over to the Tzimisce cause. Fearing the devious
tactics of the Tzimisce, Bulscu of Hungary had already bound Nova in a
Blood Oath. Her loyalty was incorruptible, even if her body was not.

Nova became reckless. Her revenant ally also lacked caution, and his
cruel treatment of the servants invited retribution. Olithio was killed by one
night by a mortal exacting revenge, and Nova was captured. Her abductor
was Mitru, a simple man who was Embraced after his valiant deed. To ensure
her survival, Nova has tried negotiating with her captors. Her tactic has
failed so far; already, a Tzimisce conspirator has petitioned to make her more
"receptive" to the Easterners' ideas.

Her cruel fate is the result of a conspiracy led by the Nosferatu Marusca.

Marusca's childe, Ruxandra, is using her powers to impersonate Nova. Once
her domain has been crippled, the coterie will attempt to seize her territory.
Should the Hungarian Cainites find out about this, it will intensify the clan
wars throughout the kingdom. For the time being, Nova lives an existence
scarcely better than that of the servants she once subjugated. Opportunity,
perhaps, could reverse her misfortune....

Image: Imperious and regal, Nova stands tall and

proud when confronted with her lessers. Long
raven hair cascades down her back, and cold

blue eyes confront those who oppose

her in court. Atleast, they would if she

weren't held captive. Now, leather

straps wear away portions of her

skin every night, she chokes on a

metal bar between her teeth, and

the fury in her eyes is fading. She

constantly hungers for proper vitae

(that of Romanian serfs, of course).

Though the conspirators bring her a modest
amount of proper blood each night, they keep her
starved for it. Her disheveled and matted hair
makes her look like a desperate animal.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT


Roleplaying Hints: If you ever get out of here, your
hatred of the Transylvanian Cainites will be boundless. You
are justified in everything you have done, and your abductors
must be shown the price of betraying a scion of the Ventrue.

Haven: Her domain is now a five-by-five-foot cell. It's
not so spacious as the estate she once had in the West.

Secrets: The Transylvanian Cainites feel safe now that
they have taken the time to force her into a Blood Oath to
Marusca. Marusca, in turn, has united with Mitru against a
common enemy. Their plan has one flaw. They do not know
that Nova is already in thralldom to Bulscu, and thus cannot
be placed in a Blood Oath with another Cainite. She feigns
her lack of will as she considers her strategies.

Influence: Nova can move her left leg without assis-
tance. Were she to be set free, she would lead the Arpad
Ventrue in a war against Transylvania.

Destiny: Nova will be freed within a year. This will in tum
intensify Hungarian oppression of Transylvania. After 1240, she
will force several Transylvanian princes to accede to Bela [V's
strengthening of the Siebenburgen. Then she will urge the
Hungarian Cainites and the Holy Roman Empire to bring in
Saxon princes. By 1288, she will help establish the Diet, a mortal
council of Transylvanian nobles. In the mortal realm, feudal lords
willdemand increased crop yields from the Romanian serfs. Many
of these peasants will flee to nearby Wallachia and Moldavia.

In 1437, the Romanians will revolt. In response, the Union
of Three Nations will insist that Magyars, Germans and Szeklers
are the only recognized nationalities within Transylvania, and
thus, the only races with privileges. Seven Saxon princes will
attempt to seize power. The actions taken now will result in Nova
supporting over two centuries of Hungarian oppression. That,
however, is another story waiting to be told...

Clan: Ventrue

Sire: Gregor
Generation: 7th
Nature: Architect
Demeanor: Celebrant

Apparent Age: early 30s
Embrace: 1050

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Larceny 2, Subter-
fuge 3, Leadership 4

Skills: Etiquette 3, Music 2, Ride 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Law 3, Linguis-
tics 3, Medicine 2, Politics 4, Seneschal 5

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Fortitude 2, Dominate 5, Presence 3
Backgrounds: Influence 5 (now 0), Resources 5 (now 0)
Virtues: Conscience 1, Self-Control 2, Courage 4

Road: Humanity 3

Willpower: 9

VENCEL RIKARD,
PRINCE OF BupaA-PEST

Background: The product of a Christian knightly
education, Vencel Rikard came to the city when King Geza
invited a contingent of Bavarian knights to become his
personal bodyguard. Embraced by Bulscu as a reward for his
excellent service, Vencel is most concerned with retaining
his position, maximizing the profits he reaps from his
mercantile interests, and keeping the peace in a city that is
potentially a battleground for warring clans. He believes
that the best way to do so is to make Buda-Pest the largest,
most important city in Hungary (thereby attracting the
king back and making it the capital of the kingdom).
Vencel uses his natural charisma and princely prerogatives
to attract new Cainites to the city — Cainites whose first
loyalty will be to him.

His brother in undeath, Prince Geza of Esztergom,
hates both Vencel and their sire, Bulscu. Vencel has turned
a series of large caverns underneath Buda Castle into a
haven for Bulscu, a place where his unfortunate sire may
indulge himself in whatever way he sees fit. Though he
realizes that Bulscu is afflicted with a terrible and degenera-
tive addiction, Vencel dares not directly oppose his sire by
attempting to cut off his source of potent drugs. He fears
that the sudden withdrawal might send Bulscu into frenzy,
with truly disastrous and deadly results.

Vencel is aware that Geza has somehow fostered this
addiction in the hope of weakening Bulscu; rather than
fighting his fellow prince, Vencel instead chooses to pro-
tect their mutual sire. So long as Vencel rules Buda-Pest,
Geza will never have the opportunity to harm Bulscu
through physical threat. While saddened by the ever-deep-
ening spiral of depravity Bulscu embraces, Vencel still
honors him for the man he once was.

Beset on one side by Tremere demands for supplies and
on the other by pressure from Tzimisce voivodes to join in
the war effort, Vencel feels a keen need for enough power
(through commanding the loyalty of many Cainites) to say
"no" to both sides. Though he tepidly supports the Tremere
for their ability to keep the Tzimisce occupied, he sees the
war in Transylvania as destructive, unnecessary and ulti-
mately stupid.

Image: Though of only medium stature and build,
Vencel projects an image of greater height and power. His
light brown hair is offset by pale blue eyes that can crinkle
with good humor or impale an enemy with their coldness.
He wears finely made, though not ostentatious, clothing;
his sole adornment is a jeweled ring that was given to him
by his sire on the night of Vencel's Embrace.

Roleplaying Hints: The way to rule a city is through
honor and intelligent management. There is no real need to
prove your prowess or status; no one challenges your right


to rule. You must discover how Geza is obtaining his drugs, then gradually wean
Bulscu away from them before he is destroyed. Balance things as well as you can. Do
not become embroiled in the foolish warfare that tears apart Transylvania and
interferes with the orderly progress of trade. Exchanges of trade with both East and
West is the lifeblood of Buda-Pest. Encourage it however you can.
Haven: Vencel has a haven in the lower recesses of Buda Castle, where
he can keep an eye on Bulscu.
Secrets: Vencel has a secret trade agreement and alliance with
Fariq, an Assamite who promotes trade between Christians and
Turks. The two hope that trade will in turn promote understand-
ing between the two cultures, an understanding that may end
hostilities between them. Vencel knows the secret havens of all
the Cainites in Buda-Pest, with the notable exception of
Octavio's lair. He believes he has uncovered a secret Tremere
chantry in Obuda (actually this is Octavio's cult at work).
Influence: Vencel's influence extends to all levels of
society in Buda-Pest. Although he concentrates on trade, he
also promotes the growth of crafters and supports the Church.
Destiny: Vencel will remain Prince of Buda-Pest through
the coming centuries, seeing the city rise in prominence just
as he dreamed it would. When Bulscu enters torpor, Vencel
keeps guard over him asa dutiful son. He is by his potent sire's
side when the great one awakens again in the 16th century.
Clan: Ventrue
Sire: Bulscu
Nature: Caretaker
Demeanor: Architect
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1013
Apparent Age: mid-20s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 3,
Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 1
Skills: Animal Ken 2, Archery 3, Etiquette 3, Melee 4, Ride 4,
Stealth 1
Knowledges: Academics 1, History 1, Law 2, Linguistics (Hungar-
ian) 1, Politics 4
Disciplines: Auspex 1, Celerity 2, Dominate 3, Fortitude 3, Potence 1,
Presence 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Influence 3, Resources 4, Retainers 3,
Status 4
Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Road: Chivalry 8
Willpower: 8


OTHER VENTRUE OF NOTE
KONRAD VON AUPFHOLM

10th generation, childe of Walther von Torsten
Nature: Conniver
Demeanor: Autocrat
Embrace: 1022
Apparent Age: late 30s

The presence of Ventrue Konrad von Aupfholm in Krakow
exemplifies the growing influence of German trade within the
city. Arriving soon after Krakow's elevation to a bishopric,
Konrad spent several decades publicly ingratiating himself
with Prince Razkoljna while secretly plotting how best to gain
greater power for himself and his clanmates in the Holy
Roman Empire. His grasp of both Cainite and mortal politics
has aided him in his endeavor. He works quietly to undermine
Razkoljna's authority while appearing to support her.

Konrad actively encouraged Claas Drescher to come
secretly to Krakow. Although Drescher belongs to the
upstart Tremere, he is a fellow German and, therefore, a
better ally than any of the Slavic Cainites. He has assisted
the Tremere spy in keeping his true identity hidden from
Razkoljna, allowing Drescher to pose as a Ventrue.

Currently, Konrad exercises control over the market-
place and oversees most of the business interests within
the city. In addition, he has maneuvered Bishop Stefan
into his corner, serving as an "advisor" to the city's reli-
gious leader. He hopes to use his growing influence over
Church affairs to tighten his grip over Krakow. Unlike the
Tzimisce prince, Konrad believes that mortals, by their
sheer numbers, can sway the balance of power in Cainite
affairs. His hope is that one night he will be able to deliver
the city of Krakow into the hands of his sire.



Scom the eacliest nights of
Ceansyloania, dark Torces have con-
tested for control of the land. Arising
feom theie ancestral labrycinths beneath
the earth, the fiendish Gzirnisce havelaid
claim to cast kingdoms, rejecting the
authority of all other Cainites Gny gentle
voords of truce betvocen therm ave little
moce than a cessation of hostilities as
they prepare for wat. Mhe battle cries of
the living and the undead echo through
the hills of Cransyloania, endlessly ce-
peating the direcacophony of the childcen
of the night.


TZIMISCE'S CHILDER

Tzimisce are not just the most numerous Cainites in
Transylvania — they are arguably the most diverse as well.
Between 20 and 30 members of this profane clan stake out
theirterritory at any given time in 12th-century Transylvania.

This is surprising — or indicative of the clan's current
straits — for most Fiends are quite reluctant to Embrace new
childer. Breeding revenants is far more efficacious. After
revenant families have been dominated and exploited for
centuries, their children are born with an inherent loyalty to
their masters, which removes the need for the whole messy
enterprise of gradually raising and educating a vampiric childe.

Anentire estate of revenants can slave away in the shadow
of a voivode's fortress for generations. This makes them promis-
ing candidates for the Embrace. However, a revenant servant
typically does not receive his baptism of blood until it is evident
that he desperately requires the Dark Gift. Defeating the most
treacherous of their masters' foes sometimes requires enhanced
powers and vampiric ingenuity. Only when this added edge is
required is the servant buried alive to await rebirth.

Even more telling on the Tzimisce populace is the shock-
ing warfare conducted between knezi (lesser landholders) and
rival voivodes. Arrogant and power-hungry, voivodes make and
break alliances as their passions seize them. Transylvanian
knezi, in particular, are extremely territorial — each considers
himself to be the rightful master of his lands. Feudal Tzimisce
typically enlist few allies, generally relying on Oath-bound
childer, horrific creations and legions of fleshcrafted servants.
War is brutal and primitive in Transylvania.

Their treatment of their mortal "serfs" is overly brutal as
well, contrary to what the Fiends may believe. Tzimisce have
always considered their human subjects to be little more than
cattle. While the Fiends harbor a conceit that the mortals
would perish without them, humans have begun to revolt
against their hidden masters. Likewise, many Transylvanian
Cainites of other clans have come to believe that the prosper-
ous Teutonic Ventrue, arrogant and insufferable as they are,
would be preferable to the ruthless autocracy of the Tzimisce.

Frankly, the Tzimisce care little for such plotting. They
are more concerned with stronger enemies — in particular,
the Usurper Tremere. Where the Tzimisce are numerous but
divisive, the Tremere are few yet unified. The Usurpers exploit
their fanatic loyalty, innovative magics, and bestial Gargoyles
as they stage an overwhelming assault on the Fiends.

The increasing tide of battle has necessitated a strength-
ening of the Tzimisce feudal system. Tzimisce lords have
become more assertive in their rights to exploit the mortal
populace of their domains as decade follows bloody decade.
Despite appearances, however, the feudal system they created
was not fully in place until the eighth century. Prior to those
dark times, the most prosperous Fiends were more contempla-
tive and introspective in nature.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

THE METAMORPHOSISTS

The earliest Tzimisce of Transylvania were spiritualists
who practiced secret rituals. They meditated on the true
nature of abomination in darkness, having long abandoned
the ways of humans (a lesser race that seemed quite alien to
them). The Fiends enacted their rites in stone sanctums, and
the most elaborate temples were entrances to twisted labyrin-
thine shrines beneath the earth. These "Black Churches" are
still extant in many portions of Transylvania and are a testa-
ment to the horrors of the past.

By day, the dark priests' servants would construct stone
buildings above the soil. By night, massive multi-armed
things would burrow tunnels beneath the ground. Vampire
artisans completed what their servants began within these
darkened shrines. Safe from the rays of the sun, master
craftsmen erected asymmetrical stone walls. Sacrificial vic-
tims were crafted into walls of flesh in more elaborate
temples. The Cathedral of Flesh near the Red Tower Pass is
an excellent example of this aesthetic.

The ceremonies suited the environments well in which
they were staged. Long before the cult of the Nailed God,
long before warrior tribes invoked the names of Dagon and
Baal, the most accomplished Tzimisce attempted to tran-
scend the limitations of mortal clay. Reworking the structure
of their bodies, they reshaped themselves to conform to their
visions — or nightmares — of perfection. Those who were
most impressive became objects of worship, and servile
ghouls carved their likenesses into statues, which were later
venerated as images of pagan gods.

THE Op CLAN TZIMISCE
It should be noted that not,all ancient Tzimisce
shared the same beliefs. Onesolated sect, for instance,
neveraccepted the practigé of Vicissitude. Fleshcrafting
was a method of fainting'the soul to them. Centuries
later, their descendants:were eager to fallow the phi-
losophies of the feudal'Fzimisce/yet they still preached

against the dangers of hody alteration/ They typically
distinguished themselves from theit.contemporaries by
displaying curious anachronismsin‘attire and attitude.

For this reason, they wete mockingly dubbed the
"Old Clan, Tzimisces Even after. Transylvania ceased
to beafeudabeountry, thissmall} shrillsect still insisted
on the old tradition. of overseeing huge domains. As
their isolationism and fanaticismin¢reased, they manu-
factured ‘elaborate® legends. to justify \theit) extreme
orthodéxy, such as the‘ladicrous ‘tale of-alién viruses
infecting the rest-of‘the-clan, To this night} they are
shunned by the remainder of the clan and considered
a delusional atavism. It is ho wonder that only the
Black Hand tolerates them.


Metamorphosists adopted more subtle methods of
practicing their idolatry and defending their territories as
the clan advanced. Constructing shrines beneath the
earth was too primitive, a habit too similar to the ways of
the Nosferatu. Elaborate stone churches served as cathe-
drals for Metamorphosist worship, and after monastic
orders began to spread further into Transylvania, defiled
Christian churches proved especially useful to the fiend-
ish priests. In civilized portions of the Voivodate, Black
Churches have since been reclaimed by the Christians,
who generally remain unaware of what lurks beneath
their surface. Although Christian services are prac-
ticed in these places, the land surrounding them is
difficult to consecrate.

Some of the lesser shrines have fallen into disrepair,
and the most primitive ones have been abandoned by the
Tzimisce entirely. Other horrid things have taken the
Fiends' place: Cults of sluagh, exiled Lupines who have
succumbed to the madness of the Black Spiral, and escaped
szlachta war ghouls all spawn in such places.

Rituals take the form of demented sorceries for more
modern Metamorphosists. Dependence on a feudal estate is
not so essential to them. They revile the primitivists who
insist on using caves and churches. The most civilized seek
out alchemical and mystical laboratories. Such sorcerers
might control a small gathering ground resonant with
tainted vis or other magical energies. Many are deeply
obsessed with mystical pursuits, insisting that their studies
are motivated by pure intellect.

In their modest domains, these Fiends avidly pursue
insight, collecting vast libraries of knowledge and amassing
occult lore. The morality of humans means nothing to
them, except as a limitation to be overcome.

Other mystics quest in search of knowledge. As of late,
more Tzimisce mystics have begun traveling from tirsa to
tirsa to further their studies. Exchanging blood or favors for
their services, they have become quite useful to the feudal
lords of the clan. While their fanaticism garners them a

certain degree of respect from any knezi they encounter,
only a fool would fully trust them. Trust, after all, is a

human weakness.

Mystics have a strong sense of where the land is
tainted and they know the names of the spirits that
corrupt the earth — the true names invoked by those
who seek power. Calling to the ancient spirits of the
soil, they can help or hinder the lords ruling over a
domain. Crops wither and die at their bidding. The
cattle and sheep of the fields give tainted milk and
meat. Children and animals are born with hideous
deformities. Thus, they command respect from the
lords they encounter.

Therefore, as times change and the Black Churches
crumble, Metamorphosists evolve as well; one can expect
no less from them.


Kapata's Nicut

The pagan ways are the old ways of the Earth, and
sometimes Christians fear them with good reason. Just as there
is light in the world, there is darkness, and during the festival
of Kupala's Night, the force of darkness is undeniably strong.
Tzimisce mystics and feudal lords often travel to the knezates
of other respected rulers at this time, setting aside their feuds
long enough to commune with the ancient spirits of corrup-
tion: the kupala. These spirits are the offspring of an ancient
Slavic god of the same name — although Kupala's influence
will be broken long before the 20th century, he is a force to be
reckoned with in the 12th century.

Mortal pagans practice Kupala's Night on June 22nd.
They also revere Kupala as a benevolent god. Tzimisce, of
course, know both suppositions for the lies they are. The true
rituals of Kupala's Night are performed on a different night
each year. Only Tzimisce astrologers can discern the most
efficacious day for performing the violent ceremony. The veil
between the land of flesh and the realm of spirit is easier to rend
on this night, and those who revere the old ways can see the
very taint of the earth. Horrible apparitions infect the land,
and where the soil has been corrupted, the hideous forms of the
kupala can be seen by moonlight. They thrash and gibber,
contorting their bodies into impossible displays of physiologi-
cal degeneration.

The landand therulerare everone, andso the Transylvanian
Tzimisce show their reverence for the land by sharing their
blood with each other and the earth. With the assistance of
mystics, participants enact an ancient rite involving the sharing
of blood. A silver cup containing the vitae of all in the ceremony
is passed around to be consumed and the last few drops are
poured on the ground. This not only demonstrates their alli-
ance, but it also fortifies them for the task at hand. The screams
of the kupala stop as terror seizes the spirits.

Then the slaying begins. Vengeful Tzimisce distend their
bodies and sharpen bloody claws. The spirits cry for mercy, yet
none is given. Freely killing the maddening evil in the soil, the
Fiends purify the land in obeisance to their ancient pact to
protect it. Their fervor escalates into all-consuming frenzy much
too often, and nothing in the vicinity is safe. By dawn, the
madness fades and the evil of Kupala is weakened once again.

Hospitality is extended to guests who assisted in the
reaving the following night. The truce between collaborators
lasts long enough for travelers to return to their fiefdoms. In a
week or two, the fierce fighting for control of the land renews,
but by then, the greatest of the clan's enemies has been
grievously wounded.

(For Storytellers using the spirit systems of Werewolf and
Mage: On Kupala's Night, the Gauntlet in areas infected by
the kupala drops to 2. Tzimisce koldun enact a Level Five
Thaumaturgy or Koldunic Sorcery [see Libellus Sanguinis I :
Masters of the State] ritual allowing the Tzimisce to enter the
Penumbra and battle the spirits. Statistics for the kupala are
provided in the Appendix.)

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

VOIVODES

More sophisticated Tzimisce disdain the primitive activities
of the Metamorphosists. Why cower and creep in ancient crum-
bling temples like damned Nosferatu? Leave the caves to the
lesser races — there's a world to be conquered. The churches and
alchemical laboratories of the most advanced Metamorphosists
are intriguing, to say the least, but there are more sacred (and
profane) tasks to pursue. The feudal lords see their goal in unlife
as far more noble: They protect and enrich the land itself.

By the dawn of the seventh century, Tzimisce nobles
developed an extensive aristocracy throughout the Voivodate
of Transylvania. By custom, the most esteemed Tzimisce
voivode gained exclusive privileges over the human ruler of the
region. Wherever a fortress could be built and maintained, a
voivode would declare himself the master of the land and all
who lived there. Lesser rulers maintained autonomy over
smaller regions, still insisting on absolute rule and hunting
tights. These overlords took the name of "knezi." In some
regions, the Fiends employed different names for their rulers
(as is the case in the territories of the margraves), but overall,
the rulers of the largest fiefdoms saw themselves as princes.

As the seventh century gave way to the eighth, traditional
territories were defined, and the names of their tirsas were estab-
lished. This arrogant claim to land fostered the ferocious dispute
between the Tzimisce and their Lupine antagonists, the Shadow
Lords. The migration of tribes, which persisted long after the
adoption of feudalism, was halted by the formation of the tirsas. The
werewolves then unified to reassert their hunting rights.

By the account of the Tzimisce, humans followed the
example of their masters. The boundaries of their domains (that
is, knezates and tirsas) were far more open to dispute in the early
nights. Even established territories could be challenged by upstart
would-be voivodes. When two princes declared war, terrible
battles were waged by moonlight. Trial by War was an accepted
practice. Szlachta war ghouls and belligerentrevenants settled the
disputes of their masters. Thus, the local peasants learned the
tradition of barring all doors and windows at sundown and not
venturing forth until the crowing of the cock at dawn.

Epic stories of territorial disputes have become matters of
family pride over the last two centuries. In the 12th century,
voivodes often keep small armies or the means to produce one

in case of dispute. Like chivalrous knights in their honorable
duels, they often define the parameters and "weapons" of a
Trial by War beforehand. Smaller trials might require the
destruction of one creature, while larger battles might man-
date the decimation of an army, or even the voivode himself.
The strengthening of the revenant families also increased the
dependence on fiefdoms. Breeding an entire family of revenant
ghouls can take centuries, and once a family estate has been
established, it becomesa valuable resource to those who maintain it.
Many families have become extended enough that they serve several
knezi, though a family's inbred loyalty to its lord and master prevents
many members from leaving the shadow of the ancestral castle.


While the Tzimisce itself is exceedingly divisive, there is still
a measure of respect between voivodes and knezi. The prince of a
tirsamustalsohave thesupport of his voivode. He isnothing without
his master's notice. He must swear fealty to his ruler. In exchange
for his rights over the land, he must be willing to muster troops in
times of war. There are additional conditions as well, such as the
exquisite hospitality one knezextends to another anda knez's need
to acquiesce to the will of his voivode in settling disputes.

There is also a pact between the ruler and his land. Some
vampires say that if the mortals of a fiefdom suffer, the pact is
fulfilled. Others say that as the taint of corruption in the land
grows stronger, the countenance of the voivode grows darker.
Either way, an undeniable bond exists between a Tzimisce and his
domain. If a Tzimisce travels abroad, he must bring with him a
small sample of the soil from his fiefdom. While he rests by day,
he will thus be closer to the essence of the land he has pledged to
protect. If he does not, he will grow restless and slowly weaken.

While the voivodes grow in power, some neonates realize
that times are changing. Just as the Christian West threatens
the dark places of the Earth, many peasants are on the verge of
revolting against their unseen masters as they accept the reli-
gion of the Nailed God. Likewise, some young Fiends do not
seek positions of feudal responsibility. These Cainite failures
become bitter prophets of doom, insisting that the nights of the
voivodes are near their end. They roam the dark woods in packs,
preying on anything they can catch, inflicting their hatred on
anything they can destroy, and hiding from the voivodes' justice.

Packs display curiously strong bonds of loyalty, and some have
been known to form communal bonds of blood during the festival of
Kupala's Night. Many packs have begun to pervert the rituals of this
night, reserving their greatest atrocities and displays of rebellion for it
against their elders. The worst of the packs speaks Kupala's name in
reverence, and perhaps one night they will spread their corruption to
therestoftheclan. Theyrejecttheoldwaysandrevilethe old traditions.

This isan insult of the worst kind, as tradition is paramount
tothe elders. Despite the dissent of the embittered young, many
of the beliefs of the 12th century will persevere into the 19thand
20th. The land lives ordies by the devotion of its protectors. The
soil must be preserved at all costs, and the Tzimisce consider
themselves the rightful defenders of the lands beyond the forest.

TZIMISCE OF
RENOWN

Despite the depredations of Westerners and Tremere, the
Tzimisce still form the largest vampiric population in the Old
Country. As they consider all of Eastern Europe to be their
domain, they do not acknowledge the domains of other clans.
Princes formally recognized by the Western clans are often a
trifle more than nuisances, and some become the victims of
sinister Tzimisce conspiracies. Away from the villages of the
humans and the hunting grounds of other Cainites, the Fiends
hold undisputed sway over their fiefdoms. Some of the more
notable Tzimisce are listed below.

HADOW Y
ASTERMINDS

‘YORAK,
HIGH PRIEST OF THE
CATHEDRAL OF FLESH

4th generation, childe of the Eldest
Nature: Inscrutable
Demeanor: Visionary
Embrace: Millennia ago, at the very least
Apparent Age: Anything he wishes
Yorak, one of Transylvania's eldest Tzimisce, dwells in his
labyrinth in the Carpathians. He has become the center of an
elaborate cult of Metamorphosists. His Cathedral of Flesh, a mosaic
of sinew and bone formed from legions of sacrifices, is one of the
most important Metamorphosist shrines in the Old Country.
Yorak stalks his caves freely. Never will he leave his tunnels;
instead, he slowly distends his body into forms more suited to
darkness. Iti

id that forgotten things seek his audience, pledging

their devotion and praying for his ance. Yorak expects to be
treated like a god because, in a way, he is. His supernal prowess has

reached such heights that the fearful whisper of his omniscience.

THE NIGHT


Although he often assumes the form of a feeble old man, his
appearance is exceedingly deceptive. He can channel the ener-
gies in his blood to augment his endurance, agility, and potence
in mere moments. His superlative command of Vicissitude allows
him to take exotic forms at will. Coupled with his mastery of
Auspex, he can rend the minds of those who invoke his displea-
sure and discern the physical forms that terrify them the most.

Yorak's intellectual Disciplines are even more formi-
dable. He has no need to travel outside his labyrinth; his
powers of astral travel and psychic numina allow him to sense
activities many leagues distant. His spirit roams the twisted
forests as he sits in rapt meditation. It is rumored that he can
psychically affect events countless leagues from the Cathedral,
although such stories are difficult to substantiate.

Even the sacrifices torn asunder to form his unholy shrine
worship him. Many of the victims in the Cathedral are kept
alive to suffer for centuries through Vicissitude. Several have
formed gestalts and group minds, desperately attempting to
erect crude defenses against Yorak's psychic rape. A wealth of
information is stored in this abominable temple, although
trying to retrieve it would drive a lesser mind insane.

Yorak's cult is devout and well defended, and he carries
enormous influence among his clan. Vampires may come and
go in Transylvania, but Yorak remains. The Cathedral of Flesh
will claim more victims, the labyrinth within it will grow, and
his legend of evil will prosper as well. Time will only magnify
his psychic powers, and his dark tendrils will spread fartherand
farther into the realms of Cainites throughout Eastern Europe.

The coming of Vlad Tepes will change all this, of course.

Noriz,
THE CORRUPTER OF LEGIONS

5th generation, sire unknown
Nature: Competitor
Demeanor: Plotter
Embrace: Centuries ago
Apparent Age: 30s

Noriz foresees the struggle his clan will have in the
centuries to come. Evolution is a religion to him, and he has
turned dozens of childer and set them loose upon the night.
Many die, but the strong survive. All are instilled with the
same motive: consume the souls of as many Cainites as
possible. In this manner, Noriz has declared war against any
who threaten his rampant paranoia. What he lacks in sanity,
he compensates for with brilliant intrigue.

Spawned in the somber hallways of his castle in Moldavia,
the childer of Noriz infiltrate and infect the smaller cities that
harbor Cainites. Every soul reclaimed by these Tzimisce furthers
their sire's crusade against all other Cainites. More importantly,
this legion spawned by Noriz is part of his maniacal bid for power
over lesser vampires. He is maneuvering for position until his

childer can help him destroy and devour the souls of the Ancient
Ones. Noriz wants no less than a place at the right hand of Caine.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

There is no mistaking his consanguineous heritage, with his
long black hair and jet-black eyes, elegant nose and cruel mouth,
delicate features and resolute cruelty. His demeanor is the perfect
combination of aristocratic barbarism. He is both a mastermind
anda master adversary. Noriz's weakest childer become his tools;
his strongest childer become his enemies. Forging them in the
fires of political conflict, he prepares to engage in the greatest of
all struggles. Once he drives one of the Methuselahs to the brink
of destruction, he will destroy him and assume his place in the
eternal struggle for power. All goals must further this cause.

He tests the defenses of other Tzimisce even now. Hischilder
scout the territories of Yorak, sacrificing themselves as pawns here
and there as they position themselves around the squares in the
center of the chessboard. Were he to overtake Yorak, his power
would be supreme. Then again, there are other threats. The
Western Cainites insist that Transylvania, Wallachia and
Moldavia should be part of their laughable Christian Kingdom of
Hungary. Should he exert his influence against Bulscu, using him
toweaken the Methuselahs of the Holy Roman Empire? So many
choices, and so many opportunities for misdirection.

Noriz has a tendency to spread his resources too thin.
Overconfidence, egomania and dementia undermine his devi-
ous plans. By spawning too many childer, he must sacrifice
control of much of them. The chaos he spreads is always almost
beyond his control. ..almost. Moldavia is in turmoil as legions
of his childer prey on mortals, and Cainites for many leagues
have come to curse his name.


SHHAGRA,
METHUSELAH OF PRAGUE

5th generation, sire unknown
Nature: Survivor
Demeanor: Autocrat
Embrace: 152
Apparent Age: 50ish
Great mother goddess, warleader and shaman of the Slavic
tribe known as the Vroi, Shaagra drove them west, freeing them
from their servitude to a greater clan and elevating her favorite
granddaughter, Libussa, to the position of tribal leader. As the
tribe passed through the territory of an ancient Tzimisce, they
stopped to serve that lord for a time. Appreciating Shaagra's
intelligence and determination as well as her tribe's loyal service,
the Tzimisce Embraced her, bound her to him with a Blood Oath
and sent her forth to claim new territories in his name.
Shaagra ghouled Libussa so that the tribe would never lack
astrong leader. The Vroi moved westward slowly, following the
path taken by other barbarian hordes before them. They always
stopped just long enough for Shaagra to accustom herself to the
new lands and gather some of the soil before moving on. Her
Blood Oath long since fallen to a distant memory in the sixth
century, Shaagra nevertheless mystically sensed her sire's de-
mise. She helped Libussa settle the tribe in Bohemia, choosing
as her haven the location where Prague would one day rise.

Shaagra fell into torpor soon after her arrival and acclimation
tothearea. Although she sleeps, her will is carried out by Libussa
and select members of the Premysl family. She has recently fed
on the blood of several lesser Cainites (most notably, two
Tremere). Though she only dimly perceives the world around
her, she is slowly beginning to awaken.

Like many of her fellow Tzimisce, Shaagra's long sleep in
ground tainted by the demon Kupala has left her subject to fits
of madness. When she does awaken, she might be capable of
almost any action, from the most vile to the most sublime.

MMWONSTERS OF
TRANSYLVANIA

Rabu,
PRINCE OF THE DOMAIN
OF BISTRITZ

Background: Radu'sdiplomatic relations with the Cainites of
other clans give them hope. The Hungarian Ventrue do not
recognize the authority of most Transylvanian Tzimisce. They
have instead made an elaborate attempt over the last two centuries
to establish seven domains within the Voivodate. Saxon settlers
have been encouraged to rebuild seven cities in Transylvania, and
the nocturnal rulers of these cities were to form a coterie known as
the Council of Ashes. Though this plan was a tragic failure for the

Arpad Venttue, it has worked greatly to Radu's advantage.

Radu's family has served the Tzimisce clan since the
nights of peaceful Dacia. He was born as a revenant in 1100.
Radu gained the favor of a feudal lord through guile and wit
and was especially favored for his accurate analysis of the
Hungarian threat. He warned that Transylvania was doomed
to serve a Christian kingdom, one in which the system of
feudalism would serve the West. Although the mortal
Voivodate of Transylvania retained some measure of indepen-
dence, it was clear that the local populace would one day be
oppressed more than the Fiends had ever intended.

This wasa bold statement—not only because it spoke poorly
of his clan's ambition, but also because Radu's master was not, as
they say, a True Romanian. The original Dacian masters of Radu's
fiefdom were defeated in a Trial by War by an ambitious Tzimisce
of Szekler stock. Romanian Tzimisce harbor a great hatred for the
Szekler and Hungarian Fiends, considering them bastard childer of
their great and glorious line. Nonetheless, Radu's quick grasp of
Szekler and Hungarian culture offered him an opportunity.

Radu became an ambassador to the West, ostensibly for the
purpose of diplomatic relations, secretly to gather information.
When the Hungarian Ventrue proposed the plan of instituting
seven domains and a coterie of Cainites to rule, Radu was in a
prime position to exploit them. The Ventrue referred to this
Council of Ashes as a way to "resurrect the glory of ancient
Dacia from the ashes of a barbarous land." Though none but the

THE CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT


Ventrue truly believed in this idealistic plan, Radu was given the
Embrace by his Szekler master so he could infiltrate the council.
The arrogant Hungarians, swayed by Radu's politicking, ulti-
mately granted him the title of Prince of Bistritz.

Radu regularly conversed with the rulers of the other six
domains. He quickly gained a reputation for diplomacy and
civility, and he reassured the recognized rulers of Transylvania

that certain factions in his clan wished to maintain diplomatic

relations with the rest of Europe. At the same time, he knew that
communication among the members of this coterie would be its
greatest weakness. Thus, he bound the messenger of the seven
princes, a Gangrel named Tiberiu, into a Blood Oath. The
information allowed Radu and his secretive Tzimisce allies to
scheme against the council's princes.

Betrayed by treachery, the Council of Ashes was dissolved
within a few decades. Though Saxon settlers are still building the
seven cities desired by the Holy Roman Venttrue, only four out of
seven princes remain. Radu is still on good terms with the other
three, and he is secure within his domain. Until the Ventrue decide
to abandon their diplomatic relations with the Tzimisce, Radu's
authority will be recognized by Westerners and Tzimisce alike.

Image: Radu appears weak, almost foppish. It is the
perfect deception. His blond hair is unusual, and his blue eyes
turn red when he angers. His fists clench, allowing him to show
his potent strength. His rage passes and the deception returns
in an instant. Because he so loves to participate in mortal

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

culture, he has learned to age his appearance over time. Every
25 years, he returns to the visage of a 25-year-old man and
assumes a new identity for dealing with mortals.

Roleplaying Hints: How eminently civilized you are!
The Westerners are so puzzled by your curious orientalism.
They find you so amusing, and your hospitality is considered
charming. You are exceedingly loyal to your ties of blood and
possess the diplomacy to maintain good relations with conten-
tious feudal lords. You are an absolute and unquestionable
tyrant when you deal with mortals within your domain. Letno
one interfere with that.

Haven: A castle on the outskirts of Bistritz.

Secrets: After practicing his elegant cruelty for centuries,
he has also become fascinated by innocence. Every 25 years,
he commemorates the death of his mortal wife by assuming a
young new mortal identity as a member of the aristocracy. He
then seduces a young woman no older than 16, romances her
and savors her slow and elegant death.

Influence: Radu is gathering counselors to advise him on
how to relate to the other clans. His position in Bistritz is very
secure through them. He is one of the few Tzimisce who can
converse freely with the Western Ventrue, and he commands
enough local influence to defend his lands against rival voivodes.

Destiny: As Prince of Bistritz, Radu will become a staunch
ally of Vlad Tepes. When Vlad's burial is at last faked, the prince
will mourn his passing. The Transylvanian princes will actually
regret having to break their alliance with Radu after the Conven-
tion of Thorns. He will flee with his clanmates and become a
cardinal in the New World. Count Radu's power will endure.
Clan: Tzimisce
Sire: Visya
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Gallant
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1125
Apparent Age: mid-30s
Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4
Social: Charisma 4, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 5, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 2, Intimidation 2,
Leadership 2, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Animal Ken 1, Archery 1, Etiquette 3, Music 2, Ride 2,
Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 2, Law 4, Linguis-
tics 3, Politics 2, Seneschal 2
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 4, Dominate 4, Fortitude 3,
Presence 3, Vicissitude 2
Backgrounds: Influence 2, Status 3, Resources 3
Virtues: Conviction 4, Instincts 3, Courage 3
Road: Chivalry 4 (This isa Tzimisce version of the Road, thus
the Conviction and Instincts Virtues.)

Willpower: 7


VLADIMIR RUSTOVITCH,
VoIvopE HMONG VOorvoDES

Background: Formerly a Bratovitch revenant, Vladimir has
assumed both the mantle of Cainite and his sire's estate through
diligence, might, and a modicum of treachery. He has conquered
jealous siblings and rival voivodes in Trials by War, and his ever-
expanding fiefdom defiesthedepredationsofthe Tremere. Positioned
between intrigue-ridden western Hungary and war-wracked
Transylvania, and with sufficient power to defy the Cainites of both
regions, Rustovitch exists according to the old traditions, ina fashion
that many of his beleaguered clanmates can only dream about.

Rustovitch maintains tenuousalliances with Raducurrently; he
has entertained envoys from Geza Arpad and Vencel Rikard. He
would neveractually consider debasing himself with such allies, but
because they came to him respectfully and with full acknowledg-
ment of his power, he will deal with them fora decade or two. This
should give his clanmates time to muster their forces and strike
against the Western Ventrue. Ifnot, well, there will be more fiefdoms
to claim, more villages to dominate, and more power to take.

For more information on Rustovitch's modem incarnation,
see the Werewolf supplement Rage: Warriors of the Apocalypse.

Image: Rustovitch is the epitome of nobility. His face is
saturnine and sardonic; a slight smile forever graces his coun-
tenance. He is tall and well built, bedecked in finery that
conveys nobility without foppishness.

Roleplaying Hints: Graciousness is the mark of aristoc-
racy. The anger in your heart should never reach your face.
Smile pleasingly, yet enigmatically. Should it be necessary to
strike, do it swiftly and surely, letting your rage express itself in
one perfect, telling blow.

Haven: His castle.

Secrets: Vladimir knows many of the intrigues besetting
his clanmates. His spies range from Bohemia to Byzantium and
provide him with at least cursory information on most of Eastern
Europe's known Cainites. He maintains regular discourse with
Myca Vykos of Constantinople, who gives him with invaluable
information on the court politics of the New Rome.

Influence: Rustovitch maintains a fiefdom in central
Hungary, right on the Transylvanian border. Radu courts his
favor and placates him with tribute. Most Transylvanian
voivodes offer at least passing courtesy.

Destiny: Rustovitch's fiefdom will be brought down by
Shadow Lords and intraclan treachery. He will join the Sabbat,
but membership will not bring him solace. Werewolves will
tremble at his name for centuries.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Kosczecsyku
Nature: Plotter
Demeanor: Traditionalist
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 876

Apparent Age: late 30s

Physical: Strength 5, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5

Social: Charisma 5, Manipulation 4, Appearance 4

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4, Intimida-
tion 4, Leadership 5, Subterfuge 3

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Crafts (Body) 3, Etiquette 4, Melee 5,
Stealth 2, Survival 2

Knowledges: Academics 3, Linguistics 4, Medicine 2, Occult 3
Disciplines: Animalism 5, Auspex 4, Dominate 3, Fortitude 1,
Potence 2, Presence 2, Protean 3, Vicissitude 4
Backgrounds: Allies 3, Influence 3, Resources 5, Retainers 5
Virtues: Conviction 3, Instincts 3, Courage 5

Road: Chivalry (to clan, thus the different Virtues) 7
Willpower: 8

MARELLE,
SCULPTOR OF WOLVES

Background: While many Tzimisce prefer to maintain their
"relations" with humans, Marelle performs her experiments on
the wolves of her domain. They serve as her ghouls and she crafts
bizarre deformities for them, often combining the skeletons and
organs of several at once. Lupine Kinfolk are treasured above all,
for the torment of transformation instills the taint of corruption
in them. The most loyal of her re-creations become her servants,
and the most accomplished journey to the Cathedral of Flesh to
meditate on the darkness at the core of the world.

THE CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT


Marelle has made a shocking transformation over the last
century. She began her life as a Danislav revenant in northeastern
Transylvania. Political strife was a courtly amusement to her; by
cautiously playing knezi against each other, she gained a reputation
for sage counsel. At last, she was invited to the court of Prince Radu
to advise him concerning a dispute with an arrogant Gangrel.

The wolves that served this Gangrel beast as bodyguards
had begun to prey on humans not far from Bistritz. A number
of infants had been stolen from their mothers' cribs, and the
most daring of the packs would run through the streets of the
city, causing mayhem. The situation worsened as they began
to seek out Radu's haven. When Radu was at last roused from
his daily slumber by the troublesome Lupines, the prince took
this offense as a declaration of war.

Marelle stalked this Gangrel in the forest outside Bistritz to
ascertain the cause of his grievance. What she discovered alarmed
her. The Cainite was found conferring with Arnulf — a powerful
Inconnu known for his hatred of the larger cities of Transylvania
and the Cainites who encourage their growth. The situation
became obvious: The wolves were scouts for some larger campaign
against the city. Fearful of this threat, Radu Embraced Marelleas his
childe. Certain thatshe would be astaunchally against the enemies
of his domain, he set her against the Inconnu's servant.

Her ruthless response to the Gangrel assault was impres-
sive. Marelle was fanatical about destroying the Gangrel that
threatened her sire from the moment she clawed her way from

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

the grave. She began with simple warnings: Canine servants
were found grafted together in twos and threes around tower-
ing pine trees. As the warnings continued, her "messages"
became grislier. The Gangrel relented, but Marelle did not.
When she at last hunted down the Gangrel, she fleshcrafted
him into a monster and caused him to be devoured by his own
Lupine servants.

Marelle became so bestial that Radu could no longer stand
the sight of her. She enjoyed tormenting other living things,
and when she abducted a human infant for one of her studies,
Raduat last released her from his service. The most diplomatic
of Tzimisce had sired a primitive, brutish and vengeful childe.
Undaunted, she traveled south to form her own fiefdom,
paying her respects to mighty Yorak in the process.

She finally found a realm where Prince Marusca, a pow-
erful Nosferatu, guarded her territory with legions of wolves.
Lupine scouts warned her of impending danger. The opportu-
nity to practice her craft had returned for Marelle.

Marelle dwells near Marusca's territory still, acting ac-
cording to her nature and instincts. Once she makes an enemy,
she is utterly ruthless in her pursuit of her quarry. Marelle has
developed a fanatical hatred for Marusca and will soon begin
a sinister hunt.

Image: Flowing red hair extends beyond her waist, and
her fingernails are sharpened to points. Her features are
accentuated by her race: slightly pointed ears, ruddy lips, and
a mouth that can be both inviting and cruel. Beauty is the
perfect mask for cruelty.

Roleplaying Hints: You are arrogant, completely in
control. You are the Beast triumphant, corrupted by your
talent and power. No one gets in your way, and if your enemies
resist your will, you find it a challenge to respond with
surmounting atrocity.

Haven: A cave in the wilderness, spruced up with (figu-
rative and literal) creature comforts.

Secrets: Although she delights in sculpting the flesh of
her "children," she has a mortal fear of altering her own flesh.
She has made a few aesthetic improvements, but she is deathly
afraid of losing the object of her vanity. Any who dare to mar
her porcelain beauty will invite ruthless retribution.

Influence: She is resolved to secure control of her fiefdom
and contemptuous of any who would challenge it. Thus, she
does not care that the lands she has claimed are technically
within the boundaries of Hermanstadt. Disavowed by her
kinsman Radu, she is now a dire enemy of Prince Marusca of
Clan Nosferatu, a moralistic weakling who knows far more of
herbs and healing than the ways of war.

Destiny: Marelle will strengthen her hold over her fiefdom.
The domains of Marusca and the fiefdom of Marelle will

eventually overlap more and more, and the increasing warfare
between them will span acentury. Marusca will flinch first and

eventually flee to another city. Shadow Lord Galliards will
sing epic ballads about Marelle's cruelty forever after.


Clan: Tzimisce
Sire: Radu
Nature: Monster
Demeanor: Fanatic
Generation: 8th
Embrace: 1150
Apparent Age: late 20s
Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 4, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Dodge 3, Leadership 3
Skills: Animal Ken 3, Stealth 3, Survival 3
s: Investigation 2, Medicine 2, Occult 2
Animalism 5, Auspex 2, Vicissitude 3
Backgrounds: Herd 3
Virtues: Conviction 5, Instincts 4, Courage 3
Road: Beast 3
Fier 6

FIENDS OF
SURROUNDING
LANDS

RAZKOLINA,

PRINCE OF KRAKOW

Background: Born the only daughter of a Slavic chief-
tain, Razkoljna led a pampered life. When she came of age, she
knew she would be wedded to the strongest warrior so her tribe
would benefit from having a strong leader. She would sit in the
place of honor and bear him many sons. Indeed, her betrothal
at 14 to Jedrik the Dark, the son of her father's aging war-
leader, seemed full of promise. By the time she was 17,
Razkoljna had borne Jedrik three sons —all of them stillborn.

Though he claimed he did not blame her for failing to
produce living children, Jedrik brooded and drew away from
Razkoljna. He began to spend more time away from the tribal
camp, hunting and raiding. The women of the tribe muttered
that Razkoljna was cursed and shunned her.

Jedrik returned unexpectedly from a hunting trip one night.
Razkoljna rose from her bed to greet her husband, hoping that he
would not spurn her as he had in the past. To her joy, Jedrik
greeted her warmly and told her that he no longer cared whether
she provided him with sons. He had come to bring her a gift that
would free her, as it had him, from the fear of dying without heirs.

That gift was the Embrace.

Razkoljna adapted quickly to her new life as one of the
undying. She and Jedrik soon established themselves as the
true leaders of the tribe and fed on the strongest warriors and
slayed any who dared to oppose them.

The coming of Christian missionaries to Polish lands
brought an end to their rule. Rumors of a tribe led by "demons"
had spread far and wide. One morning just before dawn, Jedrik
and Razkoljna found themselves under attack by a group of
sword-wielding warriors led by priests armed with holy water
and other symbols of their faith.

The fight was bitter. All of the warriors fell, but not before
they struck Jedrik's head from his body. Razkoljna, badly
wounded and on the verge of frenzy, dealt a death blow to the
last of the attackers. As the first rays of the sun appeared above
the horizon, Razkoljna fled the scene of slaughter, desperately
seeking shelter from the burning light. She found refuge in a
cave beneath Wawel Hill and fell into torpor.

When she awoke many years later, Razkoljna discovered that
a bustling trade center had grown up above her, atop Wawel Hill.

Claiming the city as her domain, she set about to learn all
she could about what had transpired during her slumber.
Realizing the town's usefulness, Razkoljna encouraged Krakow's
further growth. By the time Krakow achieved prominence as
the capitol of Poland in 1083, Razkoljna had established
herself as the ranking Cainite in the city, believing herself to
be the oldest and most powerful immortal in the area.

Razkoljna exercises power over Krakow's small nocturnal
community and, through her ghouls and mortal servants (in-
cluding Prince Casmir himself), extends her rule into the
daytime hours. The intrusion of the Ventrue, Konrad von
Aupfholm, into her territory disturbs her, although he claims his

THE CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT


interests are only toestablish profitable trade between his native
Germany and Poland. Razkoljna claims the distinction of being
the oldest "living" Cainite in Malopolska, having come from
the earliest settlers of Wawel Hill. Krakow has become the
premier city in southern Poland through her efforts, and it has
retained its Slavic identity despite pressures from the German
Empire to the west and the fierce Hungarians to the south.

Image: Tall and big-boned, Razkoljna projects the aura of
a warrior-princess. Her high cheekbones and pale blue eyes
give her face a stern and regal appearance. She wears her long,
dark, golden hair in a single braid wound with gold thread and
dresses in a wine-colored, woolen gown edged with gold
braiding. A heavy cloak conceals her abnormally pale com-
plexion during her nocturnal promenades through Krakow.

Roleplaying Hints: The earth upon which Krakow stands is
apart of you. You identify with the city you have helped to make
great. Youdespise the Christians whoslaughtered your belovedsire,
but they are too numerous and too petty to bother with. Your
concerns lie in keeping control of your home—and your lifeblood.

Haven: Razkoljna dwells in a cave within Wawel Hill.
Here she has accumulated a few treasures and comforts.

Secrets: Razkoljna knows of the clandestine meetings of
the pagan community in Krakow and occasionally graces their
rites with her presence.

Influence: Razkoljna has a number of ghouls and Domi-
nated mortals who represent her concerns in the human
community of Krakow. She takes little direct interest in
mortal politics, although she deplores the increasing Ger-
manic influence in Poland.

Destiny: Razkoljna manages to hold onto her position,
eventually siring childer to assist her in her attempt to fend off the
Ventrue. This proves to be her undoing, for she falls to the hands
of her own progeny during the height of the Anarch Revolt.
Clan: Tzimisce
Sire: Jedrik
Nature: Autocrat
Demeanor: Defender
Generation: 6th
Embrace: 930
Apparent Age: 20s
Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 2, Stamina 3
Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 3, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 3, Wits 4
Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Athletics 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 2, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2
Skills: Etiquette 3, Herbalism 2, Melee 4, Ride 2, Stealth 2,
Survival 2
Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 1, Law 2, Linguistics (German) 1,
Occult 1, Politics 2, Seneschal 2
Disciplines: Animalism 2, Auspex 3, Dominate 4, Fortitude 2,
Vicissitude 4

Backgrounds: Herd 4, Influence 3, Retainers 4

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Virtues: Conscience 2, Self-Control 4, Courage 4
Road: Humanity 4
Willpower: 7

Darvac GROZNY,
THE TERRIBLE}
BUTCHER OF Rus

Background: In breathing days, Darvag Grozny was a
noble of an eastern Slavic tribe who lived near Kiev during the
reign of the Varangian kings. As a noted hunter, he provided
much wealth for his tribe, trading his furs for the goods brought
by passing caravans. Devout in his devotion to the old gods,
particularly the patron god of the hunt, Darvag was convinced
that his luck was due to the many sacrifices he made for their
favor. His prowess as a hunter even earned him a petty
princedom, granted to him by the Kievan king himself.

Then the king brought the Orthodox Christian Church to
Kiev and ordered all his subjects to convert. Darvag refused and
was dragged to the river, where he was forcibly baptized and
required to pay a hefty fine that was used to build the first
Orthodox church in Kiev. Enraged and humiliated, Darvag
watched as St. Sophia Cathedral was erected, a visible symbol of
the hated new religion. Standing impotently before the church
doors one night, he swore an oath that he would personally tear
the church down "stone by stone, mosaic by mosaic."

Watching from the shadows was a Tzimisce named Vidor
who delighted in raiding nearby Kiev and drinking some of her
citizens dry. Chuckling, he leaped upon Darvag and Embraced
him. Dragging the confused and weakened noble back to his
haven, Vidor instructed his childe and exacted a promise that
Darvag continue to serve the pagan cause in Kiev. After using
his powers to twist Darvag's face into a permanent mask of fury,
he released the young Cainite.

The deformed Tzimisce has lived in Kiev ever since,
making his home ona wooded estate between the Lower Town
and the Monastery of the Caves. Despite his ability to change
his face back to its original shape, Darvag prefers to keep the
twisted countenance his sire bestowed him. He revels in the
terror it inspires on those who fall victim to his bloodlust.

Darvag has ghouled a number of men-at-arms and about
adozen wolves. He keepsall on his estate; they guard him while
he sleeps and accompany him on his hunts. The scattered
werewolves who remain near Kiev hate Darvag for ghouling
the wolves and corrupting the forest with his midnight hunts.
They are too few to risk a frontal assault, though. So they wait,
watching Darvag's movements and preparing a trap for him.

Darvag is fiercely territorial and still unrepentantly pa-
gan. Ironically, when the Prince of Suzdal led his forces in
sacking Kiev, Darvag had his men-at-arms surround St. Sophia
Cathedral, protecting the church from those who would
despoil it. He has sworn an oath to destroy the structure
personally and refuses to let anyone strip him of that right.


Though there is no one remaining over whom to rule,
Darvag occasionally acts as if he is prince of the city (when he
remembers or bothers). He sometimes disputes Cainites who
set foot in Kiev, considering them trespassers on his territory.
Other times he ignores them entirely. He has no contact with
the Gangrel, but leaves sacrifices for the Nosferatu who haunt
the wilderness. Every once ina while, Kiev comes under attack
from raiding Tzimisce looking for sport. So long as they make
no move toward St. Sophia, Darvag leaves them strictly alone.

Nonetheless, Darvag has never lost his lust for the hunt, and
those who annoy him or earn his displeasure may find themselves as
quarry. Healso indulges in gruesome taxidermy on those hefeelshave
threatened him. He is helped in this by his one female ghoul, Galatia
Karlanova, the self-styled Queen of Kiev. His prowess needs no
more proof than the collection of skins hanging in his haven —
among them human, Lupine, and (so it is rumored) Cainite. These
last he preserves through a variation of the Vicissitude Discipline.

Image: Darvag is of medium height, with a broad chest and
well-muscled arms and legs. He prefers to wear tunic, trousers and
boots topped with a fur cloak and hat. His shoulder-length hair is
light brown and hangs in greasy snarls. His beard isslightly darker,
with aslight red tint to it, and is equally unkempt. In many ways,
he looks more like a Gangrel than a Tzimisce. His face is pulled
upward on one side, resembling a snarling mask, while the other
side hangs loosely as though he has suffered a stroke.

Roleplaying Hints: Unlike many Tzimisce, you have little
taste for intellectual pursuits orthe contemplation of yourown dark
soul. You live for the hunt and still give a portion of it to your pagan
gods. Allow no one to compromise your territory, but make certain
you have the upper hand before starting a confrontation. You
care little what happens to Kiev so long as St. Sophia Cathedral
is left unharmed. One of your chief enjoyments is picturing the
church in your mind and meditating on the exact ways in which
you will eventually destroy it. Meanwhile, you have your
ghouls, and the Lupines are too cowed to bother you. Enjoy it.

Haven: Darvag lives on the estate he earned in his
breathing days. Should anyone challenge him here, Darvag or
his servants will kill them as quickly and efficiently as possible.
He keeps another haven beneath The Sign of the Skull Inn.

Secrets: Baba Yaga's brood wander through the lands
around Kiev. They don't bother the city since Darvag makes
sacrifice to the "little grandmother" as part of his propitiation of
the pagan gods. Once a month, he stalks a mortal, captures him
or her, and leaves the unfortunate victim for the Hag's childer.

Influence: None.

Destiny: Darvag once again defends St. Sophia from
despoilers when the Mongols destroy Kiev in 1240. Hacked into
many pieces, he still retains his head. One of his ghouls manages
to escape with his injured master. Darvag lies in torpor under his
old estate until Baba Yaga awakens. When he rises, he seeks her
out, pledging his service to his dark goddess's cause.

Clan: Tzimisce

Sire: Vidor

Nature: Tyrant

Demeanor: Survivor

Generation: 7th

Embrace: 1037

Apparent Age: Late 20s

Physical: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 2, Manipulation 3, Appearance |

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 2, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 4, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Intimida-
tion 2, Leadership 2

Skills: Animal Ken 4, Archery 2, Crafts (Body) 4, Crafts
(preparing furs) 4, Herbalism 1, Hunting 4, Melee 4, Ride 3,
Stealth 4, Survival 3, Trapping 3

Knowledges: Hearth Wisdom 3, Occult 1, Seneschal 1
Disciplines: Animalism 4, Auspex 2, Potence 2, Protean 2,
Vicissitude 4

Backgrounds: Herd 2, Resources 3, Retainers 5

Virtues: Conviction 1, Instincts 3, Courage 4

Road: Beast 4

Willpower: 6

THE CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT



AAG: orn of Mia
The Tremere

Atop a craggy peak high in the Cransyloanian Alps
broods the sinister castle kniovon as Ceoris. Wlightiest
eastecn forteess of the Crernere, its stark face cises feom
the very vibs of the gray mountain, sweeping upward
into contorted spires. Carved from the cock itself, Ceotis's
nocthvward-tacing fovwers cast long shadovos over the
lands below. Once home to a covenant of Bouse Ceemere,
magi of the Order of Germes, Ceoris novo houses the
acchmagi voho embraced immortality by transforming
themse ves into Gainites. VOhere mortals once whispered
feat lly of the "devil's school," fevwo nove dare to speaks its
name af aff,

YOithin Ceoris's dread halls walk the most puissant
collection of Cainites in westeen Durigy . The castle's
dark ceputation impacts fo it the fitle of the deadliest
fortificationin Dark Whedieval Curope, coenamong those
voho merely suppose that it exists. If the fortress itself can
be likerted fo a web of death for the uninvited, the Usurper
Gainites themselves are the poisonous spiders vwoho have
spun that web. Ceoris seems Focrrsct voholly of lethal traps
and unnameable dangers. Imagination makes if seem
even moce perilous and dire than it is. Sevo come fo Ceoris
uninvited — no one leaves once he has trespassed.


HisToRY

Ceoris was once a simple chantry held by House Tremere of
the Order of Hermes. Existing under a common set of laws, but
divided into various groups (or Houses), the magi wielded great
power and extended their life spans through imbibing magical
elixirs. Their studies and magical workings took them all over
Europe, and wherever they found access to large amounts of
magical essences (called vis), they built chantries to house their
covens. Due to the highly magical nature of many spots through-
out Transylvania, several Tremere chantries were founded there
— including Ceoris. The magi realized that they shared the land
with supernatural creatures such as werewolves and faeries, but
s, so they
felt secure from attack, Rather than building castles, they con-

most chantries weren't too close to such creatures' lai

structed houses of learning, more like universities than fortres:

Most relied on their magic to protect themselves.
Lack of central authority in the region allowed the magi to
locate their chantries near several small villages, offering the

tance inreturn forsupplies, guards
and the right tosearch for apprentices. Many folk readily agreed,
glad for any protection against supernatural threats and human
marauders. Others were too apprehensive of the magi them-

folk there protection anda:

selves to deny them, fearful that the "agents of evil" would harm
their loved ones or raze their villages if they refused.

Ceoris, too, encompassed several villages under its do-
minion, but in all else, this singular covenant house proved
the exception.

This main chantry of the Tremere was constructed as a
fortress meant to defend against the werewolves and vampyrs
who frequented the area. The magical emanations near Ceoris
made founding the chantry there worthwhile, despite the
threat. In fact, the whole of the region known as Transylvania
throbbed with mighty magic, as if the land itself was a nucleus
for power. Although Ceoris fell nominally under the control of
the powerful magus Tremere, a founder of the Order of Hermes
and head of the House, actual leadership and much of the daily
work fell to two trusted lieutenants: Goratrix and Etrius.

Goratrix, the senior mage in charge of Ceoris's defense,
recruited experienced fighting men to guard the exterior
fortifications. Furthermore, he oversaw extensive tunneling
into the peak on which the fortress rested, opening new rooms
and caverns for the chantry's use. Indeed, most of the edifice
was built inside the core of the mountain itself.

More elaborate precautions were suggested by Etrius, a
cautious and conservative young magus from Sweden. At his
command, magical workings created a cleft hundreds of feet deep

in the ground before the gates — a cleft spanned only by the
fortre:

's drawbridge. Towers carved from t rock served as lookout

posts to give warning of impending danger. Goratrix, acknowl-
edged as chief architect for the chantry's defenses, became the
butt of snide comments from the magi of other chantries, who
accused him of lacking faith in his powers to defend his covenant.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

THE TREMERE"I'ZIMISCE WAR

Still, such defensive measures proved prudent. Certain
Transylvanians were less than pleased with the magi's en-
croachment on lands and villages they considered their own.
The Tzimisce resented the chantries and punished the arro-
gance of House Tremere by making raids on their villages, on
their supplies, and occasionally on the chantries themselves.

Although annoyed and at times frightened by the attacks,
the magi were not unduly worried. Their magick held off the
worst depredations without great harm to themselves or their
chantries. They were able to ward the whole area in some cases,
denying access to the Tzimisce and their ghoul servants. Embit-
tered by their inability to drive House Tremere away, the
Tzimisce vowed to find some way around the wizards' magic.

They finally got their chance. The Order of Hermes, in
the year 1000, noted that reality itself was changing, disturb-
ing the workings of magic as it did so. Investigation indicated
that magic was dying, making the casting of great enchant-
ments far more difficult (if at all possible) and destroying
much of the vis on which the mages depended to help power
their spells. With such a lack of power looming on the
immediate horizon, mages were faced with the loss of their
greatest gift — their immortality.

Tremere and his followers began experiments immedi-
ately, searching for some way to halt the inevitable change or
at least to preserve their immortality. They tried rare herbs,
parts of mythic beasts, virgins and even infant's blood, but
were unsuccessful. Then Goratrix, reasoning that they had
evidence of other immortal creatures in their midst, began
studying the undead. He discovered the haven of a Tzimisce
elder and, with Tremere's blessing, captured the creature.
Bound with strong chains and spells of binding, tortured with
fire, threatened with an even more dire fate, but promised its
freedom if it cooperated, the Tzimisce answered the ques-
tions Goratrix asked of him. When he believed he had
learned enough, Goratrix forced the Cainite to Embrace two
young, unsuspecting apprentices. Once changed, Goratrix
made them prisoner and carried them back to Ceoris. He slew
the Tzimisce.

THE BECOMING.

Many experiments later, Goratrix told Tremere he had
discovered the secret of the vampyr's immortality. Tremere
and six of his closest followers joined Goratrix at Ceoris, where
they performed exhausting rituals. At the close of these rituals,
the magi slaughtered the apprentices and drank their blood.
They collapsed in agony as the magical transformation oc-
curred. When they regained consciousness, they were immortal.
They were also Cainites.

Some were shocked; and some, like Etrius, were appalled.
Tremere, however, philosophically accepted the change. Send-
ing his followers back to their chantries, Tremere commanded
them to begin slowly changing the rest of the House while


keeping their natures hidden from the majority. Tremere,
Goratrix and Etrius remained at Ceoris, learning what they
could of Cainites, to better fit in with their new society. Etrius
began to doubt Tremere. The pious mage was convinced that
they had made a dreadful bargain in gaining immortality at the
cost of their souls, and that Tremere had known it would
happen. Nevertheless, as Tremere's most faithful disciple,
Etrius continued to support him.

The Tzimisce soon discovered that the hated Tremere
had become Cainites. The Fiends allied with the Gangrel and
Nosferatu, fearing that the wizards would move to gain com-
plete control of Transylvania, and outraged that mere humans
dared steal the Embrace rather than earn it. Together they
attacked House Tremere's Transylvanian chantries, deter-
mined to destroy them. Magic was becoming unstable and
undependable. Chantries that had thrown off attacks with
ease now fell before the fleshcrafted servants of the Tzimisce.
As more and more covenants disappeared, the few survivors
fled to the fastness of Ceoris — their one fortified chantry.

Reeling from their losses, House Tremere faced another
crisis from within. The Cainite members of the House were
slowly spreading their curse throughout the covenants, yet
certain magi suspected that something evil was happening.
Goratrix, ever impatient, argued for the immediate Embrace
of all members of the House; Etrius, concerned with learning
the limits of his powers and the extent of his magical abilities,
counseled stealth and slow change. Opposition erupted into
hatred and Etrius became the target of numerous magical
attacks. Magi took sides, and war within the House threatened
to erupt. Such animosities attracted the attention of other
Houses in the Order, and House Tremere soon had to defend
itself from charges of diabolism. Tremere called the seven
together to end the quarrels. Although they have vehemently
denied it since that time, Tremere forced his seven followers
to accept Blood Bonds to him, the first step in creating what
would come to be known as the Tremere pyramid.

With the internal disputes put aside, if not solved, Etrius
left with Tremere to try to discover more about Cainite

society. The magi within Ceoris, alone and under siege, turned
their attention to war with the Tzimisce. Frantically searching
for some way to protect the chantry, Goratrix sent out suicide

squads to capture Tzimisce, Gangrel and Nosferatu. His re-
search was again fruitful. He learned how to craft a new type
of creature from the captive Cainites after feverish experimen-
tation. The tide of war began to turn after the unleashing of
Goratrix's creations — the Gargoyles (for more information
on Gargoyles, see the Book of Storyteller Secrets for Vam-
pire: The Dark Ages).

Hideously ugly and imbued with hatred for the Cainites
from whom they had been created, the Gargoyles proved
fierce and able servitors. The siege was broken, but the war
continued, as each side made lightning raids by night and sent
servants to battle one another by day. No quarter was asked or
given, and the mortals caught pity in between.


FAAMARANTH? THE SLAYING
OF SHULOT

Seeing the Gargoyles' success in dealing with the Tzimisce
threat, Tremere and Etrius studied the beginnings of the Cainites.
They discovered that each of the clans claimed descent from a
progenitor, an ancient Cainite known as an Antediluvian.
Further research revealed that drinking the blood of a vampire
closer to Caine gave the imbiber the victim's strength and
powers. Despite his misgivings about further blackening their
souls, Etrius assisted Tremere in his research, miraculously
uncovering the resting places of several of these sleeping
ancients. In a series of adventures, Tremere and his disciples
attacked and slew several resting Methuselahs, ancient Cainites
that had existed since the world was young. In this manner,
the fledgling vampires became close to Caine, and their newly
developed blood magic increased in potency.

This was not enough for Tremere. He believed that assum-
ing the powers of an Antediluvian (and thus, becoming one
himself) would put his new clan of Cainites on an equal footing
with the other clans, therefore, allowing them to take their
place in Cainite society.

Accordingly, he chose Saulot — enigmatic founder of the
strange and mysterious Salubri —as his victim in 1133. Though
the elder seemed lightly guarded, Tremere gathered his seven
assistants together and brought them to Saulot's tomb. Surprised
by the lack of real resistance to their attack, they found Saulot's
sleeping form within a great sarcophagus. Tremere leapt on him
and began to drink. The Salubri founder barely fought, soon
surrendering to the Amaranth and dying, apparently peace-
fully. When Tremere pulled away from the body, however, he
saw thata third eye had opened on Saulot's forehead, an eye that
peacefully gazed at the Antediluvian's murderer. Although
none spoke of the third eye, Etrius found himself trembling with
fear, for it had long represented the seat of all magical power.

Tremere began slipping into long periods of slumber soon
after this. Knowing he might be trapped in torpor in the near
future, Tremere split his seven disciples and assigned each a
portion of the world to oversee. They were to be the guides and
overseers of the new Clan Tremere, their first duty being the
Embrace of the remaining House Tremere magi.

Goratrix went to France, Meerlinda to the British Isles, and the
rest spread throughout Europe. Etrius, the cautious and trustworthy
one, was put in charge of the administration of Ceoris and
Transylvanian affairs. Further, he was to become the guardian of the
sleeping Tremere. Ever faithful, Etrius holds that position against
the Tzimisce and theirallies, even as the other members of the Order
of Hermes begin to realize what their fellow magi have become.

Thatdiscovery lies just over the horizon. House Tremere's ruse
will be over in 1201. The other Houses in the Order of Hermes will
discover House Tremere's Cainite nature, and war with their
former fellows will begin. It will not end for almost 80 years, when
attrition from the Inquisition (whose attention is attracted due to
the ongoing warfare) forces the cessation of hostilities.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

THE Key To POWER

Magi are inquisitive and scholarly folk who might
stumble upon almost any inforrfiation in the course of
their studies. Thereforéy no one ‘has thought to question
how Goratrix discoveréd a titual that would grant mortals
immortality by deifking Cainite blood. Drinking Cainite
blood merely turnsmortals\into ghouls in most cases.
Drinking from the same Cainite three times enslaves the
ghoul via the Blood Qath:Hew, then, did Goratrix invent
a ritual that went so'far beyond the usual effect? Further-
more, how did Tremeré and/his followers power such a
ritual when magic Was dying all around them?

When Tieniere and Etrius dise6veréd the resting
places of various Aintédilivians, how, did)they.do so?
Why had:no other Cainites ever felkupon' uth ‘knowl-
edge anihtisedit fo their advantage?

Theanswerrs both questions: je wit
oft Transylvania' ‘Spowerful mapic, the heart oPthedemon
Kupala. Phe influence -of the demon: has-spread madness
and chaos throughout theregionforcefturies. Madnessis
sometimes accompan incisive thought ‘and_pen-
etrating ‘insight: Perhaps Kupala'sheart: triggetéd stich
revelations, gifting TPremere-and-Goratiix with knowl-
edge they could have discovered nowhere else?

Atethe Tremere mad, then; justas the Malkavians
are? Or is=the ‘demon content' that|thé Tremere's
existence alone has spread chaos and warfare over the
whole of Transylvania? Do the Aremefe ultimately
serve Kupala? Or is Clan' Tremefe ultimately destined
to destroy the demon 4nd asstime litspower for them-
selves? How many memibersof the Usurper Clan even
know of the demon's existerice? And if most members
know nothing about it, who will tell them?

CEORIS

The fortress of Ceoris serves as one of House Tremere's main
chantries. Maintained under the pretense that the magi within
are still human, the Cainites of Ceoris slowly carry out Tremere's
commands and infect those still unchanged. Meanwhile, the war
with the Tzimisce drags on and Ceoris must maintain itself. Ceoris
has assumed an importance far beyond its original purpose in the
wake of the war. Even now, enlargement of the mighty fortress
and improvements to its defenses continue.

Ceoris must somehow accommodate the influx of magi
fleeing destroyed chantries in the region while providing
secure resting places for its Cainite inhabitants. Other im-
provements are also being made, such as turning Ceoris's caves
into lairs for the Gargoyles; creating new laboratories for
experimentation deep in the mountain, where the "unturned"
will not stumble upon them; and providing a secure and
warded area to hold Tremere's helpless form as it lies in torpor.


Although much of the chantry is finished, ongoing work
makes it an ever-changing environment, one that few of the
residents have fully explored. Interestingly, because most of the
chantry lies underground, few of the magi ever have the chance
tospend much time in the openair. This lends thema pallor that
the Cainites among them take full advantage. Their pale faces
don't stand out quite so much in this environment.

Aside from their Cainite enemies (and the occasional foray
by misguided Church emissaries who seek to destroy the "de-
mon sorcerers"), the magi of Ceoris must keep an eye trained on
Bulgaria and Constantinople, watching for attempts to conquer
themand theirhighly strategic stronghold. Additionally, though
their main focus is on Cainite foes, the Lupine Sept of the Night
Sky can prove to be a nuisance. Thankfully, the wizards'
defenses have taught the werewolves to keep their distance.

THE OUTER FACE

Often concealed by gusting gray fog, Ceoris's external
facade is nonetheless imposing and awe-inspiring. Built up
along the rock of the mountain, turrets and towers thrust
outward from the sheer cliff face, slashed with dark, narrow
windows that emit no light. Set between these shadowy
protuberances, the main entryway into the castle squats in a
natural cave opening. Iron-banded double doors, covered
with arcane symbols and glowing with a pallid phosphores-
cence, are framed by an iron portcullis whose sharp, jagged
spikes rise from the ground and close from above like predatory
fangs. Cold wind blows through the teeth of the portcullis,

plucking them like harpstrings. Just loud enough to be a
constant irritant, the wind sometimes carries whispering voices
with it. Some visitors attempt to make out what the voices say,
straining to hear their dreadful messages. A few of the more
successful ones go mad from the effort.

A strong wooden drawbridge, raised by massive chains
that disappear inside the walls to either side of the great door,
provides the only entry across a chasm whose dizzying depth
instills fear even in those not usually afraid of great heights.
The bridge itself is studded with iron and silver to deter entry
by fae and werewolves. Drifting upward from the 20-foot-wide
chasm, tendrils of fog carry the acrid, bitter scent of rotting
meat — from bodies hidden in the mist far below, legacies of
earlier attempts to storm the fortress.

A small courtyard lies before the castle, empty except for
bare rock and a few green patches planted with wolfsbane. A
faint trail leads off to the left, curving around the mountain and
becoming little more than a track. Barely wide enough for one
person at a time to inch his way along while clinging to
precarious handholds, the path ends abruptly where it has
crumbled away, leaving a gap some 20 meters wide before
showing evidence of a trail further on. Below the path lies sheer
cliff face for several thousand feet. Should someone make it
across the gap and continue on, the path leads toa small, hidden
door on the mountainside. Cunningly constructed by a master
craftsman, the door refuses to open. It is actually a false door. Its

purpose is to draw attackers off on a wild goose chase assaulting
what they think is a weak spot. Many have lost their lives just
reaching it along the treacherous path.

Although a wide roadway once snaked up the mountainside
and led to the chantry, it has been allowed to fall into disrepair.
Great boulders (moved into place by magic) block strategic por-
tions, preventing foes from bringingsiege engines up the mountain.
Mounted troops may pass these areas one at a time, either to be
ambushed from above or buried in magic-triggered avalanches.

DEFENSES

Tired of the ongoing war, the magi's focus has recently been
on hiding the chantry rather than on building more defenses.
Etrius supports this decision, since most of the chantry's potent
defenses (magical and mundane) are already in place. He has split
the magi into two groups: those who guard by day and those
responsible for night defenses. This conveniently allows him to
excuse the nocturnal habits of the Cainites, even as the un-
changed magi unwittingly serve as guardians by day. Also, Etrius
still feels pangs of conscience about Embracing fellow magi
without their foreknowledge and consent. Dividing the inhabit-
ants means that fewer humans are awake and meeting with the
Cainites among them. Etrius hopes to delay their change, though
he knows that Embracing all within the House is Tremere's wish.

Various defenses the Tremere count on to defeat their foes:

¢ The usually dry, windswept Transylvanian Alps are
now daily assaulted with spells calling fog, rain and dark clouds
down upon their peaks. While the wind still howls around the
dour gray rock, it seems incapable of blowing away the mist
that conceals the castle from casual view.

© The great double doors that lead into the castle have been
sealed shut with molten lead and wound about with spells to prevent
their opening. A dangerous pathway that leads to a false door (after
ahuge, almost unscaleable gap) has been carved out of the left side of
the rockface. The real entry liesat the end ofa path rendered invisible
through illusionary arts. This path leads to the right and toa postern
door set much further around the other side of the mountain. This
doorway can be opened by those with the proper password and key;
only those knowing the proper words can bypass the trap which
guards the door. Saying the wrong words causes tons of rock, held
insuspension above, totumble down and crush whomever ison the
trail — or knock them off the ledge to fall hundreds of feet.

¢ The turrets and towers that jut outward from the mountain
appear to be Ceoris's most obvious weaknesses. Like much else
about the chantry, this is deceptive. Many towers are designed to
crumble away when entered, falling several hundred feet into the
chasm below. Others have been trapped to burst into flame when
anyone enters. None are actual rooms in the structure, merely
targets meant to waste an enemy's time and troops.

© Protective spells have been inlaid into the walls and floor
throughout the chantry. The placement of these spells is known
to all masters of the chantry. People who belong are given a
special brooch that identifies them as a part of the covenant;
those without brooches are considered to be intruders.

BORN OF MAGICK: THE TREMERE


¢ Mortal magi and guards watch during the day. Some magi
are still capable of casting potent spells, though most must
perform elaborate rituals to help with them, requiring a lot of
time. A few spells are held in readiness, awaiting use; once those
are expended, however, the magical threat of Ceoris is greatly
reduced until they can be renewed (if they ever can). Magic is,
after all, growing weaker.

* Gargoyles guard all approaches at night, including entry
from above. Likewise, the Cainites are awake and able to defend
the structure. Though it is unspoken, the vampires know that in
case of dire need, their fellow magi can be Embraced and sent to
fight in the front lines while the elders cast spells or make their
way out of the chantry and to freedom. If truly threatened, Etrius
has a plan in place for removing himself and Tremere from
danger, teleporting out and to Vienna, where he is engaged in the
building of a new chantry.

SUPPLIES

While water is supplied by the artesian well in the fortress,
the mortals of the chantry need food. Other human needs are
clothing, fuel, writing implements and materials for casting
spells. These needs are provided both from other House
Tremere chantries located in more secure areas and from the
villages under the chantry's dominion.

Villages provide basics from their farms — sending the
wizards grain, lentils, tubers and the occasional hare or lamb. The
chantry also pays the villagers to grow certain herbs for them.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

Firewood is hewn and brought to the chantry, along with food-
stuffs, homespun cloth and thread. Wagons bearing provisions
make the journey up the mountainside perhaps once a month.
Materialsforspellsandexperimentsaresentfromfellowchantries.
These include rare essences, alchemical mixtures and elixirs needed
by the magi of Ceoris. Such materials are brought to Transylvania by
merchants who deliver them to the villagers. They are kept in the
village (rather nervously) until time to make the next delivery.
The Cainites have differentneedsand problems. Though captive
humans are used as herds by the masters, they eventually weaken and
die. Some feeding on the servants and guards is allowed, but the other
magi (including apprentices) are strictly off limits. Feeding from those
with magical power produces strange euphoria in the Cainites, one
theycannotafford if they are to protect themselvesand infect the rest
of the chantry as Tremere commands. Because blood is difficult to
come by, the Cainites organize hunts, sweeping into Tzimisce-
controlled villages and kidnapping as many mortals as they can find.
Theyare then taken to Ceoris and used as herds until they are bled
dry or, worse, used in bizarre, inhuman experiments. Many
mortals taken to Ceoris believe they have been taken to Hell.
This practice has two advantages: First, it gives the
Tremere new sources of blood; second, it weakens their en-
emies by stealing their blood supplies and destroying their
sources of income. The Tremere always provide extra security
after making raids (including Gargoyles) around their own
villages for some weeks. Nonetheless, several smaller settle-
ments have been wiped out by Tzimisce ghouls during the day.


MaAcICcAL SUPPLIES

Once a major source of vis, the stones from the caverns of
Ceoris are losing their magic. To the human magi, this loss is a
disaster, and they wish Etrius would pay more attention when they
try todiscuss it with him. To the Cainites, whono longerneed such
things, loss of the stones merely means the inconvenience of
having to use more mundane sources of illumination. Neverthe-
less, a dozen or so stones are harvested each year. Perhaps three of
those are sent to other chantries in return for supplies.

While Ceoris's vis is becoming more scarce, that is not
necessarily the case throughout Transylvania. The Tremere main-
tain a secret chantry, known as the Wooded Vale, deep in the
forested eastern Carpathians. Thisspecial chantry is responsible for
reaping the potent vis that is foundsoabundantly in those grim, gray
mountains. The Wooded Vale's residents bring a few loads of the
important magical substance to Ceoris every few months.

Etrius and his fellow Cainites, concerned as they are with
discovering what sorts of magic they can perform within the
restraints of their new forms, have little time to worry about
vis. They have found that though they can learn many paths
of magic, each path has certain limits. To go beyond those
limits requires the casting of rituals — rituals that must be
discovered and codified as soon as possible.

POPULATION

All men deserve to be saved, but he above all deserves
immortality who desires it passionately and even in the face of
reason.

— Miguel de Unamuno, Tragic Sense of Life

The residents of Ceoris include mortal servants, guards, appren-
tices and mages, ghouled servants, Gargoyles (though they are hardly
considered anything more than animated defenses) and Cainite magi.
Both human and Cainite prisoners inhabit the dungeons below. Most
of the mortals move about only by day, retiring to their rooms and to
bed soon after sunset, while the night belongs to the Cainites.

Although the two groups don't often meet one another,
they occasionally cross paths. A mortal master occasionally
takes it upon himself to awaken Etrius when there is an
emergency during the day. In desperate need, other Cainites
can be summoned to defend the interior sections of the
chantry while the mortals are sent to the front line of defense.

As is true throughout the Order of Hermes, not everyone
agrees on all policies. Seeing the effects of the Blood Oath on his
seven disciples, Tremere realized that bonding every member of
House Tremere to himself would result in his having to make every
major decision as the ultimate head of the clan. He opted for a
pyramid instead, an inherently stable form of command. While he
remains theultimate head, most responsibilities are spread outward
to his seven disciples, who, in turn, order others under themselves
and so on, until the bottom of the pyramid is reached. Tremere
insisted that newly Embraced vampires drink a mixture of their
sire's blood and that of the seven disciples to create this pyramid.
Childer are, therefore, on the way to being bound, but they still

have free will. Forbidding the Blood Oath also ensured that each
elder or sire will not amass an army of hidden and bound childer.

Three factions currently work in the chantry, each led by
a different individual.

THE CONSERVATIVES

Led by Etrius, these cautious Cainites insist that the chantry
move slowly in Embracing the remaining mortal magi. They build
Ceoris's defenses but pay more attention to hiding it and creating
illusions around it than to ringing it with fire or causing lightning
strikes among foes who reach the castle. Etrius and the Conserva-
tives are concerned with discovering the limits of Cainite
Thaumatutgy and with building a chantry in Vienna they can
escape to if things go badly. Most instinctively opt to masquerade
as human, attempting to keep the mortals among them from
discovering their true nature. They deplore the raids that bring
captive humans to the chantry, but they currently have no better
ideas for how to feed Ceoris's Cainite population. Although Etrius
is one of Tremere's chosen, he is disobeying him by failing to
Embrace the mortal magi quickly enough. Nonetheless, he feels
that Tremere supports his decisions. While the war continues,
mortal magiare still needed todefend the chantry, and adding more
Cainite appetites would overwhelm Ceoris's current resources.

THE CONSPIRATORS

Led by Malgorzata, a former student of Goratrix, the Con-
spirators still push for the earliest possible Embrace of the humans
among them. They take any opportunity to reveal themselves to
remaining mortal masters, so they might be "forced" to bringthem
into the clan as new-made Cainites. Though Goratrix has de-
parted, Malgorzata hopes to help him achieve his goal of full
conversion within the nextyear. Her ultimate plan is to oust "that
weakling Etrius" and replace him at Tremere's side as one of the
Council of Seven. She believes that when Tremere awakens he
will see her worth and reward her. The Conspirators are the
Cainites who indulge themselves by raiding villages for fresh
blood, though they rarely help defend their own villages in return.

THE MortaAts

Most of the unchanged human magi remaining are unaware
that their fellows have become vampyr. Few, however, are so stupid
that they don't think something dreadful has happened to them.
Many suspect demonic possession, and a few have made tentative
approaches toa priest. Led by Tosia, once head of her own chantry
butnowarefugee in Ceoris, the groupseeks to discover whatis really
going on. Meanwhile, they quietly make plans for escaping Ceoris
and fleeing to another chantry should their fears prove true.

THE HELP

Several kitchen workers, cooks, guards and otherservants reside
in Ceoris. None of them has any real say in the governance of the
chantry; most are blood sources for the hungry Cainites who share
their domicile. Though the Cainites have thus far restrained them-
selvesfrom taking more than alittle bitof blood every once ina while,
a prolonged siege might prove dangerous for these mortal residents.

BORN OF MAGICK: THE TREMERE


THAUMATURGY

While the Tremere gave up the unlimited possibilities of
True Magick when they became Cainites, Thaumaturgy in
the Dark Medieval world is not so limited as in the modern
age. Some effects have been lost over time or have fallen into
disuse because they have been superseded by modern technol-
ogy. Before the advent of electrical lighting and central
heating (not to mention surveillance cameras, lasers and
motion detectors), the Tremere utilized many more Paths and
rituals to ensure their comfort and security. Just about any
common effect of 20th-century technology can be duplicated
by a 12th-century Thaumaturgical ritual. Thus, clairvoyance
(seeing at a distance, as through a videocamera left ina distant
location) or clairaudience (hearing at a distance, as if from a
directional microphone trained on the spot) is possible. Al-
though spying on another magus is forbidden by the Order of
Hermes, the Tremere routinely break this rule at need.

While Rego Vitae allows a Cainite to enhance herself
using blood, a path for enhancing living things or inanimate
objects also exists during this time. Thus, the Tremere can
make a wall stronger or enhance the properties of wolfsbane to
do real harm to a Lupine — or at least repel the beast. A
favorite use for this path is to combine it with an elemental
effect, allowing a statue to shoot flames from its mouth or a
stone floor to entrap the feet of those walking across it.

AGENTS AND
INFILTRATORS

ARRDAN OF GOLDEN LANE

Background: A native of Prague, Ardan was apprenticed
toa local alchemist at an early age. When he discovered his
talent for magic, Ardan journeyed to a chantry house of the
Order of Hermes, a society of wizards known to his master. The
magi whose group he felt most comfortable with were those of
House Tremere. He was well through his studies on the way to
mastery when he was abruptly summoned to Ceoris.

When he arrived, Ardan was called into a council with
some of the elders of the House. He had known that the House
was at war with local Transylvanians rumored to be vampyrs. He
never expected to be Embraced and turned into one himself.
Swiftly instructed in the ways of the undead, Ardan was told to
return to Prague, where he was to found a secret chantry.

The chantry would serve as a main conduit for supplies and
funds needed by the Transylvanian Tremere. Its secondary
function would be to act as a safe house for Tremere traveling
through the area. Bolstered by the trust of his Cainite brethren,
and honored that he himself had been Embraced by the noted
scholar Celestyn, Ardan returned to Hradcany, the castle district
of Prague, where he bought a small house to serve as the chantry.

Although Ardan has been very discreet, his presence has

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

become known to another chantry in Prague. A few magi of
House Tytalus live there. The Tremere interact with their
mortal brethren occasionally, but the mortals have begun to
suspect that the Tremere "magi" are not what they appear to be.

Ardan has been very successful in funneling goods and
gold to Ceoris at regular intervals. He has opened his chantry
to visiting Tremere almost monthly since building the lower
levels to house Cainites. Currently, Ardan is investigating the
recent disappearance of two Tremere visitors to the city.

Image: Ardan has dark auburn hair and brown eyes.
Though his face is pleasant, even handsome, he is somewhat
unremarkable, allowing him to blend in with crowds. He wears
the work clothes ofan alchemist when moving through Prague's
streets, but prefers the robes of a magus within the chantry.

Roleplaying Hints: You have been granted the gift of
immortality — if youcan keep it. Youare responsible for making
certain your fellow Tremere receive whatever they need to wage
war against the Tzimisce in Transylvania. Should you prove
your worth, you have no doubt that you will be promoted to a
position of greater authority. Responsibility doesn't frighten
you. Indeed, you relish challenges. Your greatest regret is that
you have not had enough time to study the new Thaumaturgy
properly; you still feel like an apprentice when using it.

Haven: Ardan has his haven in the lower levels tunneled
under the hidden chantry in Hradcany.

Secrets: Ardan tries to learn as much as he can about the
Cainites of Prague. He knows that Rudolf Brandl is a weakling
and a fool who is controlled by the Premysls, and he realizes
that Josef Zvi and Ecaterina the Wise are far more important
allies to gain. His greatest secret involves Krakow rather than
Prague. At the request of Meerlinda, one of Tremere's chosen,
Ardan Embraced a German spy named Claas Drescher, who
was also a mortal magus of House Tremere. He instructed
Drescher to infiltrate the city of Krakow and establish a
Tremere presence there.

Influence: Ardan has no real influence in Prague, as he
seeks to remain undisovered and quietly do his job. He does
command the respect of many merchants, whose wares he buys
in bulk for shipment to Ceoris.

Destiny: Ardan will be rewarded for faithful service by
being given command of Ceoris when Etrius moves Tremere
to Vienna. During the following centuries, Ardan will work to
make the chantry as impregnable as possible. Under the reign
of the Communists, Ardan will still manage to keep his
chantry strong, and in the late 20th century, he will be
entrusted with the greatest treasure of the Tremere.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Celestyn

Nature: Judge
Demeanor: Architect
Generation: 7th
Embrace: 1107
Apparent Age: late 20s


Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 2

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Empathy 1, Intimi-
dation 1, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Crafts 2, Etiquette 2, Herbalism 2, Melee 3, Ride 1,
Stealth 2

Knowledges: Academics 2, Alchemy 4, Astrology 1, Investi-
gation 2, Law 1, Linguistics (Hebrew, Hungarian) 2, Mage
Lore 2, Medicine 1, Occult 3, Seneschal 3

Disciplines: Auspex 2, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 3, Presence 2,
Thaumaturgy 3

Thaumaturgical Paths: Rego Elementum 3, Rego Vitae 2
Backgrounds: Contacts 3, Resources 4, Retainers 2, Status 2
(among Tremere only)

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 5, Courage 3

Road: Humanity 8

Willpower: 7

CLAS DRESCHER

Background: As theson of an apothecary in Zeitz, near the
Bohemian border, Claas Drescher aspired to rise above his
humble beginnings. His intelligence and desire for knowledge
attracted the attention of the local bishop, who sponsored
Drescher's attendance at the cathedral school. There, Claas

proved to be an avid student of linguistics, mastering Latin,

Greek and Hebrew with ease. His studies also led him down
more esoteric paths, and he developed a fascination with occult
learning. His studies of alchemy and the Kabbalah resulted in his
approach by the wizards of House Tremere. Recognizing his
potential for magic, they initiated him into their Order and
began teaching him their wizardry. Although he suspected
something odd about some of his mentors, Claas remained
ignorant of the vampyr nature of many members of his Order.

Hisconnections with these powerful magi boosted Claas's
standing in society and catapulted him into the political arena.
Here, his knowledge of both ancient and modern languages
made him invaluable as a translator and, more importantly, as
a spy. As the German Empire sought to expand its influence
into Polish lands, Claas found himself chosen to travel through-
out the divided lands of Greater and Lesser Poland, assessing
the strengths and weaknesses of each region he visited. His
wizardly skills added to his effectiveness as an agent for
German mercantile interests.

Realizing that Claas would make a capable spy for the
Tremere, the Cainite leaders of the clan decided that it was
time for Claas to learn the great secret of the Order. His
mentor, Ardan of Golden Lane, summoned the young wizard-
spy to Prague. There he Embraced him and oversaw his
transition from wizard to Cainite. After instructing him in the
rudiments of Thaumaturgy, Ardan ordered Claas to go to
Krakow and act as the Tremere's clandestine agent in that
Tzimisce-controlled city.

BORN OF MAGICK: THE TREMERE


Fulfilling a boon owed to Ardan, the Ventrue Konrad von
Aupfholm agreed to "invite" Claas to Prague and facilitate his
insinuation into the Cainite community. The arrangement
suited both the Tremere and the Ventrue.

A recent arrival in Krakow, Claas has secretly infiltrated
the city in the guise of a clanmate of Konrad von Aupfholm.
Making his home in the Jewish Quarter, Claas has used his
knowledge of Kabbalistic lore to establish a reputation as a
recluse, thus ensuring his privacy and protection. He is careful
to avoid feeding from Jews, preferring to seek his sustenance
elsewhere. Naturally, Claas seeks access to magical tomes and
knowledge unavailable elsewhere and serves von Aupfholm
only so long as it furthers Tremere plans for the city.

The arrangement between Claas and von Aupfholm has
proved fortuitous. Their common nationality draws them
together despite their difference in clan. Indeed, Claas hopes
that his helpfulness to von Aupfholm (and the German
Ventrue) will help the Tremere gain acceptance among the
leaders of Europe's Cainites.

Image: Small and wiry, with the pale skin (even before his
Embrace) ofascholar, Claas has passed his physical prime, though
he has just come into his full mental capacities. Sharp-featured,
with narrow, squinting eyes and a perpetual scowl on his face, he
gives the impression of aloof, though courteous, disdain. Most
people dismiss him after a few minutes — just as he prefers. He
dresses in somber colors, as befits a scholar and a recluse.

Roleplaying Hints: Do not call attention to yourself
needlessly. Observe everything that goes on around you and
strive to connect all the bits and pieces of information that

come your way. Your primary loyalty is to your clan, but you
must also fulfill your duties to your Ventrue ally and to the
German Empire. Keep your focus on your enemy — the
Tzimisce Prince of Krakow —and everything else will fall into

its proper place.

Haven: Claas makes his home in the cellar of an
apothecary's shop in the Jewish Quarter of Krakow.

Secrets: Claas's biggest secrets are his own. In addition to
being a Tremere masquerading as a Ventrue in a land where
the Tremere are universally hated as rivals, he is a spy for the
German Empire. Claas also knows that von Aupfholm is
working to overthrow Razkoljna.

Influence: Claas has some influence within the Jewish
Quarter of Krakow and in scholarly circles. He also has
influence with von Aupfholm, who often listens to his counsel
while serving as Claas's "mentor."

Destiny: Claas succeeds in forming a Tremere chantry in
Krakow, unknown to Razkoljna. In the late 15th century, he
receives a summons to Ceoris to meet with his sire, Ardan of
Golden Lane, now head of the secluded chantry. Claas sup-
ports Ardan throughout the coming centuries.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Ardan of Golden Lane
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Traditionalist


Generation: 8th

Embrace: 1170

Apparent Age: early 40s

Physical: Strength 2, Dexterity 3, Stamina 3

Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 4, Appearance 2

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Talents: Alertness 3, Dodge 2, Larceny 1, Subterfuge 3
Skills: Etiquette 2, Herbalism 3, Melee 2, Ride 1, Stealth 4
Knowledges: Academics 4, Investigation 3, Law 2, Linguistics
(Latin, Greek, Hebrew, Slavonic, Arabic) 5,Occult (Kabbalah) 4,
Politics 3, Science 1

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Dominate 2, Obfuscate 2, Thaumaturgy 3
Thaumaturgical Paths: Rego Elementum 2, Rego Motus 2,
Rego Vitae 3

Backgrounds: Contacts (Klaus von Aupfholm) 2, Mentor
(Ardan of Golden Lane) 2, Resources 3

Virtues: Conscience 3, Self-Control 4, Courage 4

Road: Humanity 7

Willpower: 8

SOME TREMERE OF
CEORIS

MA&LGORZATA,
LEADER OF THE

CONSPIRATOR FACTION

Background: The sixth child of Romanian nobles forced
into serfdom, Malana grew up hearing of what her parents had
lost because they refused to abandon their Orthodox religion.
As she worked in the fields of the Magyar overlords, Malana
grew to hate both the Church and her lowstatus. She knew she
was born for loftier things. Her faith in her own worth was
rewarded when an important, scholarly-looking man came to
her parents' hut one evening and purchased her from them.

Her mentor was the wizard Goratrix of House Tremere.
Sensing her raw magical potential, he uprooted her from her
home and brought her to Ceoris to be his apprentice. She
proved an apt and voracious pupil. Soon after puberty, she
attained enough magical skill to move beyond apprenticeship.
For her name in magic, she took the word "Malgorzata," an
amalgam composed of her own name, the name of her mentor
Goratrix, and the name of the Slavic goddess of dark magic.

When Goratrix discovered the means whereby the magi of
house Tremere could become immortal, she was one of the first
to beg the Embrace of him, promising to serve him faithfully in
return. Though Tremere forbade the use of the Blood Oath
among the lesser members of the Usurper clan, Goratrix secretly
bound Malgorzata to himself through his blood.

Along with Goratrix's other assistant Virstania,
Malgorzata helped her mentor create the first Oo She

was also responsible for helping construct one of the tower
traps at the front facing of the chantry, using her knowledge of
Creo Ignem to make it a fiery deathtrap.

Since Goratrix has left Ceoris, Malgorzata has carried on
his work, though her most recent actions involve trying to
hasten the Embrace of all the magi of Ceoris. She believes she
is doing Tremere's will and that she will be rewarded by being
appointed to replace Etrius when Tremere awakens. To that
end, she has become the leader of a group known as the
Conspirators. The group seeks every opportunity to Embrace
magiand constantly undermines Etrius's authority over Ceoris.

Image: Malgorzata's rich chestnut hair is offset by her sky-
blue eyes. Though quite lovely, the pallor and coldness of her
features intimidate rather than invite. She usually dresses in the
robes of a magus, though she dons the apparel of a Hungarian
noblewoman when she must travel outside the chantry. She
delights in fine gold jewelry set with colored gemstones.

Roleplaying Hints: You have always known you were
better than those around you. First as a magus and now as a
Cainite, you have moved far beyond your pathetic parents.
Power is the key to happiness, and you are an expert in the
acquisition of might and influence among your fellows. You
care little for what mortals think. Revel in your role as one of
the "demons" of Ceoris. Embrace as many magi of House
Tremere as you can get away with. Don't listen to anything
Etrius says; he's a cowardly fool. You know what is best for the
Tremere; it is a vision Goratrix shared with you before he left.

Haven: Malgorzata dwells in her sanctum within Ceoris.

Secrets: Malgorzata knows that Etrius is afraid of Tremere
and of what he has become. She knows Etrius is dragging his feet
and delaying full Embrace of House Tremere, despite orders to
the contrary from the Master himself. She is aware of most of
Ceoris's secret passageways and most of the unsavory practices
of the magi themselves. Finally, Goratrix confided a secret in her
before he left: namely, that he had discovered a way to greater
power, and that he would share it with her when he attained it.

Influence: Malgorzata has a negative influence on nearby
mortals. She and her cronies terrorize the mortal magi left
within the chantry and raid villages near Ceoris to feast on
their inhabitants' blood.

Destiny: During the height of the Anarch Revolt,
Malgorzata is captured by rebel Tzimisce while raiding a
village. She is taken to a dungeon in a captured castle, where
she is forced to reveal all she knows of the Tremere and of
Ceoris's defenses. Her jailer keeps her for centuries, bound in
heated iron bands and twisted into a writhing, mindless thing.
In the early 20th century, her captor is slain by the coterie of
Lucita, Anatole and Beckett, who come upon the horribly
deformed, insane, thirst-crazed Cainite. They do the right
thing. After three tries, they succeed in finding her head and
cutting it off.

Clan: Tremere
Sire: Goratrix
Nature: Tyrant

BORN OF MAGICK: THE TREMERE


Demeanor: Autocrat

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1097

Apparent Age: 19

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 3, Stamina 4

Social: Charisma 1, Manipulation 5, Appearance 4
Mental: Perception 3, Intelligence 4, Wits 4

Talents: Acting 2, Alertness 2, Athletics 1, Brawl 3, Dodge 1,
Intimidation 3, Leadership 3, Subterfuge 2

Skills: Etiquette 2, Herbalism 2, Melee 2, Stealth 2
Knowledges: Academics 2, Investigation 3, Linguistics (Greek)
1, Occult 4, Politics 3, Science 1, Seneschal 1

Disciplines: Auspex 4, Dominate 4, Fortitude 1, Potence 2,
Thaumaturgy 6

Thaumaturgical Paths: Creo Ignem 5, Rego Vitae 4
Backgrounds: Mentor 4, Resources 1, Retainers 2, Status 3
(among Tremere)

Virtues: Conviction 4, Instinct 3, Courage 3

Road: Devil 6

Willpower: 7

CELESTYN,
Master LIBRARIAN
OF CEORIS

Background: Son of the seneschal for an eccentric En-
glish lord, Calnor grew up alongside the lord's own children,
receiving the same education they did, including tutoring in
several languages. Calnor's love of learning led him to explore
both the occult and history. From his reading and questioning
of elders in the area, Calnor deduced that magi hada chantry
nearby and guessed where it might be. Arriving on their
doorstep one autumn afternoon, he asked to be admitted as a
student. Sensing his as-yet-untapped magical potential, they
agreed, and Calnor became a member of House Tremere.

Aside from his magical studies, Calnor (now called
Celestyn for his love of stars and abilities at navigation)
proved adept at ferreting out bits of information, putting those
pieces together and making remarkably accurate guesses about
where old treasures or forgotten information might be found.
When possible, he began traveling throughout Western Eu-
rope, unearthing long-lost wonders and bringing them back to
the chantry near London. Between times, he devoted himself
to his studies, as well as the copying of ancient magical texts
in danger of fading beyond use.

His abilities did not go unnoticed. Summoned to Ceoris,
Celestyn accepted the task of organizing and updating the
chantry's great library. Whenever he could take a rest from his
work, he traveled the countryside, searching for magical and
mundane objects. He garnered much praise for his treatises on
many of the items he found. Furthermore, his fearless treks
into hostile Tzimisce territory gained Celestyn a reputation

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

for both bravery and madness. Because of his value to the
chantry, Celestyn was one of the first magi at Ceoris to undergo
the Embrace. He looked upon it as a wonderful chance to
obtain new insight into folktales of vampyrs. Since his Em-
brace, Celestyn has remained happily settled at Ceoris. His
only regret is that digging at night sometimes makes it hard to
see what he's actually unearthed.

Image: Hearty and well-muscled from his adventures
throughout Europe, Celesty has dark blond hair and brown
eyes. His face is better described as pleasing than handsome.
When in the library, Celestyn dresses as a scholarly magus.
While on adventures, he favors loose peasant clothing that
allows ease of movement.

Roleplaying Hints: Sometimes you feel torn in two by
conflicting desires. You are happy reading and copying in the
library or discussing various topics with your fellow magi. You
are equally happy tramping over Europe in search of lost
treasures, especially if they hold esoteric value. Anyone
willing to work hard and do the proper research could
discover what you find. You are an enthusiastic proponent of
what will eventually come to be knownas archaeology. Enjoy
whatever you do. It's all learning, and that's where you excel.
Help others discover the joy of knowledge.

Haven: Celestyn occupies a simple room in Ceoris that is
stuffed with discoveries he has had no time to unravel as yet.

Secrets: With his abilities, Celestyn could uncover
any secret he cares to know — or at least make an educated
guess concerning it. In his quests he has gained allies and
enemies among many clans. Celestyn is close friends with
a French Gangrel named Aristotle de Laurent, who shares
his interests; he is dire enemies with many Tzimisce, par-
ticularly the Byzantine Fiend Myca Vykos (see
Constantinople by Night).

Influence: Celestyn's writings have trickled down into
the mortal realm, where he is noted as a scholar. A few of his
ideas (combined with many mortal scholars') will eventually
lead others like him to develop the science of archaeology.

Destiny: After long service to Ceoris, Celestyn leaves
the chantry one night, never to return. Some rumors place
him in South America, while others hint that he met his
death at the hands of the Tzimisce. Some Cainites claim that
he joined the Inconnu, others say that the noted sage reached
Golconda and resides somewhere in Asia. His closest allies,
the Cainites Beckett and Aristotle de Laurent, remain
strangely silent on the topic.

Clan: Tremere

Sire: Etrius

Nature: Architect

Demeanor: Judge

Generation: 6th

Embrace: 1139

Apparent Age: late 20s

Physical: Strength 3, Dexterity 4, Stamina 4


Social: Charisma 3, Manipulation 2, Appearance 3

Mental: Perception 5, Intelligence 5, Wits 4

Talents: Alertness 3, Athletics 2, Brawl 2, Dodge 2, Empathy 2,
Larceny 3, Subterfuge |

Skills: Animal Ken 1, Archery 1, Etiquette 3, Herbalism 2,
Melee 3, Ride 3, Stealth 2, Survival 4

Knowledges: Academics (Metaphysics) 5, Astrology 1, Cartog-
raphy 2, Hearth Wisdom 3, History 3, Investigation 3, Law 1,
Linguistics (Arabic, French, Greek, Hungarian) 4, Naviga-
tion 2, Occult 3, Science 2

Disciplines: Auspex 3, Celerity 2, Dominate 1, Fortitude 1,
Thaumaturgy 4

Thaumaturgical Paths: Rego Aquam 2, Rego Motus 3, Rego
Vitae |

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Influence 2, Resources 2, Retainers 1,
Status 3 (among Tremere)

Virtues: Conscience 4, Self-Control 3, Courage 4

Road: Humanity 7

Willpower: 7

OTHER TREMERE OF NoTE

VirsTANIA, MISTRESS OF GARGOYLES
8th generation, childe of Brunavog
Nature: Fanatic
Demeanor: Innovator
Embrace: 1111
Apparent Age: mid-30s

Virstania acted as one of Goratrix's
Gargoyles. She became so enthralled with the creatures that she

ssistants in creating the

moved into a cave system near Ceoris, where she could watch over
them. Virstania is responsible for making certain that Gargoyles
guard all the approaches to Ceoris; it is she who chooses which ones
will be sent out on forays against the Tzimisce. The Gargoyles have
come to look upon Virstania as a mother figure of sorts.

Though highly trusted now because she fulfills herdutiesso well,
Virstania will eventually encourage her "children" to become more
independent. When the Gargoyles go rogue, they take Virstania
with them to teach them Thaumaturgy and care for their needs.



astern Cuvope during the Dak Whdieoal period pro-
vides Storytellers with a wide range of story possibilities.
This chapter offers some suggestions andhooks for inroolo-
ing chevactersin Gainite politics andsupernatucal conflicts.

A basic understanding of celigion in the carious re-
gions is vital fo cunning a successful story set in the
lands bordering the Cransyleoanian and Carpathian
Mountains. Onistianity is not the unified faith it once
vous, and paganism, though driven into the background,
persists in most parts of this region The interplay o
conflicting faiths not only colors the attitudes of both
nobles and peasants in Castern Curope, but also affects
their vievos toward the supernatural dangers that
threaten to overvohelin their lives.

The modern mind foo often dovenplays the impor
tence of teligion Ina Dark Ages doronicle, religion assumes
as much emphasis for a chavacter as her Viatuve and Me
tmeantor, clan or strongest Attributes and Abilities, Wlost
Gainites voere once belieoers ini some celigion, and many o
ther cetain aspects of their mortal faith regardless of
vohether or not they vievo thensedves as Darnned. Story-
tellers shouldencourage their players to choose some branch
of Oxistianity Latin or Orthodor), dudaism, Islam or
someformiof paganismifor their havacters. Religious differ
erces and similarities play a vital role int local politics and
society in every region of Eastern Europe. Making these
differerces and similarities a part of a chronicle can only
ertharice the storytelling experience.


RELIGION AND
EASTERN EUROPE

Both Christianity and paganism exercise strong influence over
the people of Eastern Europe. Living as closely as they do to the
supernatural terrors that lurk within the forbidding mountains, dark
forests and desolate, windswept plains, nobles and peasants both
know that only faith in a greater power (or powers) can afford them
even the slightest protection against the evil that assails them.

CHRISTIANITY: EAST vs.
‘WEST

As early as the fourth century, Christianity began to diverge in
two major directions: the Latin Church, following dictates from
Rome; and the Byzantine (or Orthodox) Church, which obeyed the
Patriarch of Constantinople. Three other patriarchies, located in
Jerusalem, Antioch and Alexandria, exercised regional control over
thespread of Christianity in their respectiveareas. A seriesof councils
held between the fourth and eighth centuries argued over doctrinal
and theological differencesamong the various patriarchies, resolving
issues concerning the nature of Christ, the relationship of the
members of the Trinity, and otherfine points of faith. These councils
ensured that, for the most part, Christians held the same beliefs.
Certain branchesofChristianity,amongthem Arianism, Pelagianism
and Monophysitism, were denounced as heretical.

The advent of Islam and its conquest in the lands east of

Constantinople forced the three Asian patriarchies into abeyance,
leaving Rome and Constantinople locked in a battle for religious
supremacy. Although still one church, the split between the two
centers of power continued to widen.

The final break between the churches of Rome and
Constantinople came in 1054, when adisagreementbetween Pope
Leo IX and the Byzantine Patriarch, Michael Kerullarios, ended in
mutual excommunication. Easternand Western Christianity went
their separate ways from that time on.

The Latinand Byzantine Churchessent missionaries through-
outthe pagan lands of Europe. Thus, Bohemiaand Polandaccepted
Latin Christianity. The Romanians adopted Orthodox (or East-
ern) Christianity, refusing to convert when they wereconquered by
the Hungarian Magyars, who were Latin Catholics. Bulgaria,
nearest of the Eastern European lands to Constantinople, followed
the Orthodox Church. Heresiessuchas Bogomilism were common
throughout Eastern Europe.

THE OLD RELIGION AND
FAANCIENT PAGANISM

Although Christianity had become the "official" religion
(ie., the religion of the rulers) throughout most of Eastern Europe
by the ninth century, paganism still remained a strong undercur-
rent in the lives of the common people. Generalization about the
differences between the pagan and Christian mindsets would do

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

both a great disservice. Nonetheless, such broad distinctions are
necessary to understand the conflicts that underlie much of the
political, social and spiritual unrest in the region.

The old religion, for the most part, recognized the divinity
inherent in the natural world and saw humanity as part of the
gods' manifestations. To ancient pagans, every aspect of life,
every force of nature, every object and all people possessed a
spirit or ruling deity. Religion consisted of the veneration and
propitiation of the many gods and spirits as a means of recogniz-
ing humanity's place in the natural and supernatural worlds.

Most pagan faiths recognized the polarity of nature and
accepted the pairing of opposites such as day and night, life and
death, planting and harvest, summer and winter, and darkness and
light. Good and evil existed as part of this natural duality. The gods
of evil were acknowledged as equal to the gods of good; likewise,
their existence was seen as necessary for the overall balance.

The Christian world-view emphasized the separation of man
from nature. Humanity's sins had condemned the natural world,
making redemption through Christ necessary for the salvation of
man. Good and evil existed in hostile opposition to one another
for Christians, rather than in necessary counterbalance.

Many different pagan religions proliferated throughout East-
ern Europe, but in many cases, the pagans worshipped very similar
pantheons of deities, who differed from region to region only
through the filter of language. Although the pagans of the Balkan
regionscalled theirsun andearth deities by different names than did
the pagans of the Ugric peoples who would settle in Bulgaria, they
still worshipped the sun and the earth. Shifting religions was
relatively easy for many pagans; they simply changed the names of
the gods they revered tosuit whichever power currently ruled them.

This recognition of the universality of the gods made the
apparent conversion of pagans to Christianity deceptively simple.
To many pagans, the Christian missionaries who baptized and
preached to them were merely the latest in a long procession of
holy men with new names for the same gods. Even Christianity's
insistence on the existence of only one God did not faze most
pagans; they, too, believed in a supreme deity. Besides, the
Church venerated the Mother of God as well as numerous saints.
To pagans, this proliferation of holy beings resembled their own
pantheon of greater and lesser deities.

MITHRAICISM AND THE
CAPPADOCIAN CONNECTION

The cult of Mithras, the sun-god of the Persians, achieved a
following among many officers of the Roman army. Its importa-
tion into Romania and other Romanized parts of Eastern Europe
had a profound effect on the religious development of the region.
Mithraicism acknowledged the duality of light and darknes, like
the indigenous pagan faiths. Mithraic beliefs included the ritual
slaying of the god (symbolized by a bull) and the drinking of the
god's blood to imbue his followers with divine power.

The Cappadocian clan seat's proximity tothe birthplace of the
Mithraic cult undoubtedly influenced the spiritual leanings of
ety himself. While many Cappadocians held prominent


positions in both the Latin and Orthodox churches, their beliefs
also reflected strong Mithraic tendencies, which would culminate
in the ritual death of the Cappadocian Antediluvian in the 15th
century and the rebirth of that clan as the Giovanni. During the
12th century, the latent Mithraicism of many Cappadocians finds
its outlet in various forms of Christian Gnosticism and obscure
Christian sects (such as the Bogomils).

How To Run A
TRANSYLVANIAN
CHRONICLE

This section provides a primer for Storytellers wishing to
create a chronicle set in the darkness of Transylvania. The
following suggestions can help establish the mood and feel of the
region. Transylvania's long, bloody history of invasions, ethnic
strife, and social stratification imparts a sense of doom and
fatalism to all who journey there. Beneath it all lies the sleeping
cancer that eats away at the land and those who dwell within it.

THEME

Eternal war dominates the land. Transylvania and Eastern
Europe have served as battlegrounds for an unending procession
of conflicts from the earliest beginnings. In the 12th century, the
displacement of native tribes by invaders from the steppes gives
way to battles between pagans and Christians. Opposing factions
vie for ascendancy within Christianity itself as Constantinople
clashes with Rome time and time again. The Turkish threat
looms ever nearer. Indeed, the invasionsand ethnic conflict plant
seeds that bloom into the brutal wars rocking Eastern Europe in
the modern world.

For Cainites, the battles include the war between the
Tremere and the Tzimisce, the incursion of Ventrue opportunists
from their base in Germany, and the internal bickering and
faction fighting among Tzimisce voivodes.

The war between light and darkness becomes a nightly
struggle for the region's Cainites, as those who serve the sleeping
demon Kupala battle those who seek to cleanse the land.

The lines between peasant and noble are strictly drawn
throughout Europe, but nowhere is the value of a human life
worth less than in Transylvania. Just as most Cainites consider
mortals little better than animals, so do the mortal rulers of
Transylvania look upon the peasants who labor under their
harsh predations. This isaland without mercy, without compas-
sion and without forgiveness.

Moop

Transylvania embodies the darkness of the Dark Medieval
World. Anauraofgloomand despair, both physical and emotional,
permeates the region. Terror is palpable; visible on the faces of

's presence manifests even among Cainites, although the
immortals conceal their fear behind elaborate facades.

i
1
|
|
1.
\
1

«Seal tiem

prerewwe's

=|
—

re


S\e

EE

a.

THe Heart OF THE MATTER

Sickness infects the earth of Transylvania. Deep in its resting
place, Kupala's icy heart pulsates slowly, sending tendrils of
magical corruption flowing through the soil. Whatever its ema-
nations touch (and they touch everything) is slowly corrupted by
the demon's perverted magic.

The malevolent, lingering influence of this demon's heart
forms one of the threads of contention between the Tzimisce of
Transylvania and the upstart Tremere of Ceoris. Drawn to the
Carpathian Mountains by the magic that emanates from the
stones themselves, the Tremere hunger for the source of the
immense power present in their new home. This puts them in
direct conflict with the local Tzimisce, who either serve the evil
which has made its home in their beloved earth or seek to cleanse
the land of the demon's presence.

Those voivodes who have knowingly or unknowingly allied
themselves with Kupala see the Tremere as competitors for, and
potential usurpers of, the power that they desire for themselves.
Those who wish to purify Transylvanian earth and rid it of its taint
fear that the Tremere will become pawns of the demon, making
their task all the more difficult.

This overwhelming permeation of the land will influence any
stories set in Transylvania. To a certain extent, the radiations of
Kupala's heart reach beyond the borders of the Carpathians into
the entirety of Eastern Europe. The demon's minions range far and
wide, doing his bidding and preparing the way for his eventual
awakening. Storytellers should not feel compelled to leave Kupala
behind when their stories take characters outside the confines of
Transylvania proper.

STORIES

Each region of Eastern Europe has its own peculiarities — of
culture, religion, history and Cainite influence. The undercurrents
that add depth toa story set in Bohemia differ radically from those
of Poland. The following story ideas emphasize the "character" of
the land in which they are set. Characters native to the area will
have different reactions from outsiders, and Storytellers should
adapt these ideasas necessary to reflect the makeup of their troupes.

Story hints can be found throughout the sections on history,
the cities, Ceoris, the Tzimisce and the other Cainites. Aside from
those, Storytellers might wish to use the ideas below to introduce
characters to the region or to make their travels more interesting.
While the story seeds are set in particular geographic areas and
utilize nonplayer characters specific to those regions, part or all of
the plots can be reworked to fit any situation the Storyteller
wishes. Some of the stories can also be connected or plugged into
a larger chronicle that encompasses the entire region.

BOHEMIAN STORIES

The conflict between Ventrue and Tzimisce underlies Bohe-
mian politics, as the German Empire seeks to assert its influence
over the land. In addition, the influence of Shaagra and her ghoul
protectors permeates the area, radiating from her haven in Prague.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

A Matter oF Utmost DELICACY

An envoy from the Holy Roman Emperor arrives in Prague
to meet with the city's ruler, Otakar I. Prague's Cainite Prince
Rudolf fears that the envoy may meet with foul play at the hands
of one of his many enemies. Moreover, there are rumors that the
envoy has come to remove Prague's archbishop, a Premysl, thus
arousing the enmity of the city's ruling family. Native characters
are summoned to the prince and charged with (or coaxed into)
ensuring the envoy's safety during his stay in the city. While they
may personally shadow their charge during the evenings, the
characters will need to arrange for mortal (or ghoul) assistants to
keep an eye on the envoy during daylight hours.

The plot may be complicated further if Prince Rudolf himself
wishes to assassinate the envoy, thus ingratiating himself with the
Premysls at the expense of the characters, who obviously failed in
theirtask. Ifthe characters are not native to Bohemia, they maystill
serve as guardians for the envoy at the "request" of the prince (who
reasons that strangers are easily blamed forany mistakes) oranother
Cainite to whom they owe allegiance. Regardless of how they are
drawn into the situation, the characters will realize, sooner or later,
that they are mere tools in the hands of their superiors.

Tue Nicut MESSENGER

A Cainite ally of the characters possesses information vital to
their current task or that concerns their well-being. The characters
arrange to meet in Prague, but the contact does not appear at the
rendezvous. The characters hear ofa disturbance in the city's Jewish
Quarter later in the evening. The bloodless corpse of the contact's
ghoul retainer has been discovered, thus implicating the Nosferatu
Josef Zvi. In order to find their contact, the characters must enter
the winding streets of the Jewish Quarter and seek out the elusive
Cainite protector of that section of Prague. The presence of Rabbi
ben Judah's golem may prove a problem, as will Josef's distrust of
Cainite intruders into his domain.

In actuality, the Tremere agent Ardan has been attempting to
kidnap Rabbi ben Judah, hoping to make the learned man into his
personal ghoul and font of occult information. Ardan has intercepted
the contact and her ghoul (whom he killed), hoping to draw the
characters into a conflict with Josef, thus occupying the Nosferatu
and — with luck — the golem long enough for him to snatch the
rabbi. If Ardan succeeds in capturing Rabbi ben Judah and the
characters (and Zvi) survive their encounter, they may become
involved—either through their own volition or by request/demand
from Zvi— in rescuing the rabbi (and their contact, as well) from the
clutches of the Tremere. Meanwhile, without the rabbi's presence to
restrain it, the golem goes berserk, mindlessly slaying all who come
near it. The characters should, of course, be prime targets.

THE SLEEPING BEAUTY

A group of characters (preferably, but not necessarily, one
containing a Tremere player character) receives a request from
Ardan of Golden Lane. That worthy wishes the characters to
investigate the disappearance of two previous Tremere visitors to
the city. Investigations lead them to the discovery of Libussa's
plan to bring Shaagra fully out of torpor. One of the missing
Tremere is currently being held in Vysehrad Castle.


Ifthe characters cannot breach the castle's defenses to rescue
the Tremere, they will have to find some means of bargaining
with Libussa for the captives' release — perhaps by offering her a
supply of some other potent vitae (such as Lupine, faerie or
wizard's blood). Failure to make the attemptata rescue will incur
the wrath of Ardan and the local Tremere. Yet, if Shaagra
awakens and attempts to usurp control of the city, the Tremere
may find themselves at a distinct disadvantage in Prague.

HUNGARIAN AND
TRANSYLVANIAN STORIES

Hungary is the nexus of the Tzimisce-Tremere war. The
strength of Kupala's heart draws to itall those who crave sorcerous
power for themselves. Add the pervasive influence of the Shadow
Lord werewolves, and the stage is ripe for drama and danger in the
shadow of the Carpathians.

The Tzimisce-Tremere war takes many forms, from subtle
manipulations and sorceries to degenerate practices and savage
barbarity. Few characters journeying to Transylvania can avoid
getting caught up in the vicious duel for power between these
powerful and ruthless clans. Characters native to the region have
no option but to take one side or the other. Either choice may
prove fatal.

THE Lure OF THE LAND
CA Story For TZiMISCE CHARACTERS
AND THEIR ALLIES)

The characters receive an invitation from the local voivode to
participate in the dark rites of Kupala's Night. Setting aside any
enmities that exist between themselves and their host, the charac-
ters travel to the site where the ritual sacrifice is to take place.
Unfortunately, the Tzimisce suffer a surprise attack from a coterie
of Tremere (and one or two Gargoyles) before they can complete
the ceremonies. The ritual goes awry while the Fiends are thus
distracted, and the kupala demons manifest themselves physically.
The resulting three-way battle proves to be horrific and deadly.

DANGEROUS GROUND
CA Story FOR TREMERE CHARACTERS
AND THEIR ALLIES)

Celestyn asks the characters to accompany him toa site where
he proposes to mountan excavation attempt. His objectis to unearth
the remains of a pagan temple that, according to his research, might
contain important clues about the Tzimisce's ancient sorceries.
Accompanied by several ghoul retainers (who are charged to protect
them throughout the daylight hours), the group travels to a hilltop
overlooking the city of Sighisoara and begins the task of searching for
the ruined temple. They are trespassing unknowingly on the domain
of Rostog, a Tzimisce voivode.

Unless the characters and Celestyn take precautions to keep
their presence a secret, they will attract the attention of Rostog.
The enraged voivode will send a horde of disfigured ghouls (both
human and animal) against the characters and their retainers.
The attackers hope to kill the retainers, thus making it more

difficult for the characters to keep themselves safe during the day.
If the characters are still there the next evening, Rostog, accom-
panied by his brood, will descend upon them.

Should the characters survive the assault, they may con-
tinue their excavation, either uncovering the ruin and the
treasure it contains or freeing some minor malevolent being
(not Kupala) from its long confinement.

BETWEEN DEVILS
CA Story FoR CINALLIED CHARACTERS)

The characters fall upon an all-out battle, seemingly be-
tween a pair of warring Cainites and their ghouls. Drawn into the
battle despite their attempts to avoid it, the characters must join
one side or another to survive.

Unwittingly, they have stepped into the midst of a deadly
duel betweena local Tzimisce anda Tremere intruder. Characters
siding with one will gain the undying enmity of the other, astigma
that will accompany the characters throughout their sojourn in
the region. Storytellers may use this to set up a web of duplicity,
manipulation and savage conflict that will enmesh the characters
in the Tzimisce-Tremere war. The resulting alliances and vendet-
tas may take centuries to resolve.

INTO THE Mountains

A local Tzimisce voivode enlists the assistance of the charac-
ters to secure a castle for his new haven. He has already selected
the fortress, an apparently abandoned tower in the Transylvanian
Alps. He does not tell the characters of the rumors that the castle
is haunted, but he hopes that they can eliminate whatever
impediments might exist.

The castle is haunted by the ghosts of its former inhabitants,
all murdered by the Tremere from nearby Ceoris, who wished to
get rid of unwanted neighbors. Depending on the characters'
reactions to the strange noises, unexpected cold places, and other
wraithly manifestations, the wraiths may reveal themselves to the
characters. In doing so, the characters may learn more than is
healthy about Ceoris, though the ghosts know nothing about its
exact location or defenses.

If the Tremere from Ceoris learn of the presence of Cainites
in the ruined castle, they may decide to take matters into their
own hands. An alliance between dead and undead may be
necessary to forestall disaster for the characters.

UNWANTED ATTENTION

Anonymus, the Chronicler, attaches himself to the characters,
appearing at their side in the evening as they go about Buda-Pest.
Although he does not seem to be aware that the characters are
Cainites, he doesnot question any of theiractionsor the fact thatthey
arestrictly nocturnal beings; he simply follows themaboutand makes
suggestions to them from time to time. Ifhis presence begins to annoy
the characters or if they attempt to feed from him, Anonymus
withdraws from their sight, only to resurface at the next opportunity.
Those attempting to feed from him simply find themselves unable to
approach closer than normal conversational range (just beyond the
reach of their fangs). Whenever Anonymus appears, the characters
are soon blessed by one fortuitous event or another.

STORYTELLING


The Storytellershouldemphasize Anonymus'sharmlessness, as
well as his effect asa good luck charm. Hopefully, the characters will
eventually accept him as a mascot of sorts. Once this has happened,
the Storyteller can use Anonymus to lead the characters into any
number of potentially fatal situations, including — but not limited
to—thewarbetween the Tzimisceand the Tremere, captivity by the
Shadow Lords, or involvement in Ventrue schemes to gain control
of the region. In this way, the characters can become witnesses to the
advance of Cainite history in Hungary with minimal risk to their
unlives (so long as they remain close to Anonymus).

TRANSYLVANIAN STORY SKETCHES

The two summaries below present two very different adven-
tures. The first contains enough information to play out a classic
tragic romance, no doubt in the same style as Lucy Westerna's
seduction in Bram Stoker's Dracula. The second is an example
ofa five-act adventure, one that allows a coterie to hear both the
Tzimisce and Tremere perspectives on Eastern conflict.

Tue RITUAL OF DEATH'S EMBRACE
LEVEL ONE Rrra)

This Transylvanian ritual (requires a level of either
Thaumaturgy or Koldunic Sorcery;see Libellus Sanguinis I:
Masters of the/State)-allowsia-vampiric master to savor the
Embrace ofa childe over aprolinged period of time. Instead
of having ro. hurry through a-quick killing.or a complete
draining ofa vessel of blood, the act of the Embrace can be
extended over several days: Eacly night the Cainite drains
one to threepoints of hums blood; replacing it with one to
three Blood POifffS of vitae. Each time this'consummation
occurs, the site brings his potential childe closer to death.

A Mortal vietimslowly dies as she is Seduced by
Death's Embrace. Herskin becomes pallid, het breathing
shallows, andher heartraceslows. -Even'themesttalented
mortal physicians will merely, suspect that'she has con-

s Bloodletting forestalls

ins. Forevéry two

pints (that'spints; a blood draiiied orléeched,
a Blood Point ofivitae ean be removed,

Ifthe Vampire transfers, 10 Blood Points of vitae to
the victini;the mortalundergoes the finaltransformarion
of the Embracedfthe hody is then cremated, all islostybut
if the body is buried, thefinal stages ofthe transformation
can ottir. tis then possible for the Sir@or hisservants to
dig up the body andifreée the childe although it isijust as
common for.theineily created childe to eatu the tespect
ofher masterby clawing her way to the stiiface. The result
is a devotion thateven death cannot destray,

Thereis, of eourse,one other method ofinterceding
for the poor victini-Tf thessire is killed/before the ritual
is complete, the victim will, bérestored completely
within a day. Failing that, the-body must be staked and
dismembered before the unfortunate soul resurrects as a
vampiric servant of the Damned.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

SEDUCTION OF THE DARK EMBRACE

Radu, the Tzimisce Prince of Bistritz, has recently been intro-
duced to a woman who intrigues him as few have. Arianne, a
stunning Toreador from the West, decided long ago that her
liberation from the light would mean her complete freedom. While
traveling from Paris to the courts of Russia, she entered the domain
of Radu, introduced herself most hospitably, and found herself
strangely attracted to this savage nobleman. She has decided to delay
her jourey, having appraised Radu as a fitting conquest. It is
Arianne's desire to seduce him and place him under a Blood Oath.
She isnotsure of the resultshe desires but thinks that it mightinvolve
the consummation of her passion or Radu's eventual enslavement.

Contrary to Arianne's plans, Radu has begun the seduction of
another woman — a beautiful young lady of 16 winters who is the
daughter ofa local merchant. He enters her bedchamber each night
and brings her the gift of his vitae. Radu slowly gifts her with the
Embrace. Through an ancient Tzimisce ritual, she is gradually dying,
and each dying day brings her closer to her baptism into darkness.

Radu does not wish to forestall the Parisian Toreador too
much. Noally should be discounted, and thus, he remains aloof to
encourage her. This is where events take a more tragic turn. There
is no point in fooling a Toreador in the ways of love, especially
Arianne. She is aware of Radu's nocturnal activities and she wants
to use it to her advantage.

Arianne is bitter and jealous enough to gain pleasure from
shattering the fragile romance, and Radu's tragic plight is an
opportunity for her to inflict great pain. Radu will be unable to
endure another night without Arianne's sympathy and lustful
exploitation once his morale has been broken. Nonetheless, he is
very attracted to the young woman as well, and while Radu is away,
Arianne has become another of the ingenue's nocturnal compan-
ions. Their affair was little more than friendship at first, but they
grow closer every night. Should Radu find out about this, he would
grow insanely jealous.

This intrigue has advanced to the point where each of the
undead lovers, in true vampiric style, is eager to enlist the clandestine
assistance of other Cainites and set them against his or her adversary.
This courtly amusement is a dangerous game; if the emotional
wounds one courtier inflicts on the other cut too deeply, any whoally
with one of the lovers will earn the disfavor of the other. Both sides
have much to lose. The torment of a failed romance could be more
torturous than what even Radu could suspect, and Arianne has a
malice streak when playing the game of courtly love. When the
chance for romance presents itself, however, true romantics will risk
everything. . including the fates of those who help them.

ENTER FREELY, GO SAFELY...

This is a miniature chronicle set in five acts. Choices made
in early acts affect the outcome of subsequent ones.

Act One: The coterie receives an elegantly written invita-
tion from a Tzimisce voivode in southern Transylvania. The
parchmentis hand-delivered by a Nosferatu messenger, a tortured
brute who implores the heroic coterie to help his master. The
Tzimisce voivode has heard of the coterie's skillful handling of a


difficult situation. (This story may be real, grossly distorted, or
entirely false.) The voivode would like to see their capability
firsthand, for he would like to enlist them in solving a most
perplexing problem. The servile Nosferatu has already brought
horses, and he is eager to lead them to his master's estate.

Act Two: The journey by horseback to the Fiend's knezate
takes up most of the night. (If the journey is farther, the characters
spend the evening in a typically atmospheric Transylvanian inn.)
The characters arrive about an hour before dawn and have no choice
but to rely upon the mercy...er, hospitality, of their host. The
voivode's lifestyle is somewhat more eccentric than the characters
expected, even for a Tzimisce. He slits the throat of a weak-willed
Slav in his dining room for their refreshment; before dawn, he leads
them to a series of coffins in a nearby room where they may rest; at
the first crowing of the cock, he warns them that the grounds are
patrolled by feral wolvesand then vanishes intoacloud of mist. Once
in the estate of the voivode, the members of the coterie must be
extremely careful not to insult him or reject his hospitality.

Act Three: The next evening, the voivode tells them of his
harassment by the local Tremere. Most of his stories are exaggerations
or fabrications. Tremere spies allegedly drained all the blood from the
body ofhis only Gangrel bodyguard five years ago. Gargoylesabducted
a beautiful young mortal woman he loved, but now she is gone.
Someone has been lurking outside his estate, and it's obviously a
Tremerespy. He isalwaysthe victim in thesestories,andhe isobviously

lying each time. However, he has gained information about a small
renegadechantryhiddenin thenearby hills,andhesoundsmosteamest
when he states that his wolf servants have picked up the scent of his
loved one nearby. The wolves then howl in response, as if by design.

Oh, ifhe could but regain his lost love! Who knows what they
might have done to her! He loves to tell terrible stories about the
Usurper Tremere — he even performs a suitably dramatic retell-
ing of the fate of Saulot. Never mind that he gets many of the
details wrong; the need for vengeance consumes him!

He then leads the coterie to an opulent room, where they
receive a present: Strapped to a stone table in one of the more
luxurious rooms is a member of the renegade chantry. Should the
coterie begin to refuse his hospitality, the shadow of a hulking
vozhd is seen, dimly illuminated by moonlight through the crude
glass of a window, and the wolves continue their "music of the
night." Perhaps it would be wise not to anger him...

Act Four (First Choice): The coterie has several ways
they can negotiate their way through this predicament. The
first is to side wholeheartedly with the Tzimisce. Interrogating
(or torturing) the Tremere reveals that the chantry is poorly
guarded. (The Tzimisce gives them advice throughout the
questioning on how to better "motivate" their captive.)

Once they have ascertained the location of the chantry, the
coterie can travel there. After the players describe their journey
and their stealthy approach, they'll discover that it's little more

STORYTELLIN


than a hut. The threat has been greatly exaggerated, as only two
Gargoyles are defending the young woman. Sadly, she has already
been Embraced by the renegade Tremere, and worse, she has
fallen in love with him.

Act Five (First Choice): Where should the heroes take the
young woman now? Returning her to the voivode means condemn-
ing her to a life of torment. If she is at last returned, the outraged
voivode will whip her for her disobedience, and the characters will
be forced to either act like utter bastards and enjoy the spectacle or
join with her in deposing of the voivode. Of course, defeating him
ina melee is difficult (he is seventh generation and has Dominate
3, Potence 3, Vicissitude 5), but then again, grabbing a poker from
the fireplace and setting the tapestries ablaze would be most
efficacious. In this case, the voivode escapes as his terrible castle is
consumed in flame.

If the coterie decides not to return the woman, she will ask
for them to escort her to a nearby chantry where she can find
protection. In this case, the events proceed in much the same
manner as Act Five (Second Choice).

Act Four (Second Choice): If the players side with the
Tremere, they must first liberate him from the castle. Monstrous
creations stalk them through the forest, wolves snap at their
heels and the voivode becomes a powerful and relentless enemy.
The Tremere, however, is little more than an errant neonate
who now regrets defying his clan. He tells great stories about the
ruthlessness of the Tzimisce, including how they have gained
wealth and privilege by oppressing the weak mortals of their
domains. As with the voivode, he grossly exaggerates the crimes
of his enemies.

Act Five (Second Choice): Nonetheless, the Tremere
neonate speaks of wanting to rejoin his family and asks the
coterie to accompany him to another nearby chantry to accept
a reward. It is merely a trap, of course. Should our heroes
accompany the Tremere to his destination and go inside, they
see the Nosferatu who first delivered the message they received.
He is chained in irons that display mysterious glowing sigils. His
body is already beginning to transform into the crude physiog-
nomy of a primitive Gargoyle. Right on cue, the hulking brute
breaks his chains as leathery wings erupt from his back. He
screams in pain, but he shows no malice to his abductors.
Instead, he assaults the coterie as his masters steal away, forcing
our heroes to destroy him.

In other words, the coterie must choose which vile,
underhanded villain to ally with in this adventure. Either way,
they will gain some degree of hatred for either the Tremere or
the Tzimisce...providing a hook for next week's story.

PoLAND STORIES

The Kingdom of Poland no longer exists; in its place are
numerous small principalities and duchies. Nevertheless, there
are those who long to reunite the land, and those who desire just
as strongly to prevent its reunification. Here, Tzimisce and
Ventrue struggle for supremacy. Here, too, the city of Krakow
attempts to assert itself asa rival to Prague in learning and culture.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

THE LIFEBLOOD OF KRAKOW

Atthe instigation of Ludmilla, the pagan population outside
Krakow has begun a concerted effort to halt trade coming to and
going out of the city. Caravans have been ambushed, goods
stolen, and guardsslain or frightened off. Tales of bestial monsters
among the attackers have discouraged many traders from ap-
proaching the city. The Ventrue Konrad von Aupfholm fears
that his interests in Krakow may be harmed if the assault on
commerce continues. He asks the characters — particularly,
Ventrue ones — to deal with the matter.

Characters must venture outside the walls of the city to
discover what is going on. Ludmilla has enlisted the assistance of
the Gangrel Jolanta in forestalling trade between Krakow and the
restof Europe. Atthe heart of the matter isthe pagans' resentment
over Krakow's continued growth and potential expansion. Pagan
characters may find themselves siding with the rebellious peas-
ants despite orders to break the economic siege.

More than just the commercial life of the city is at stake. The
city's Cainite prince would love to see von Aupfholm's mercan-
tile hold over Krakow broken, but Ludmilla cannotafford to have
ageneral uprising threaten her own authority or subvert her plans
for Krakow's future greatness.

PILLARS OF SALT

The Cappadocian Kazimierz has noticed that workers in
Tyniec Abbey's salt mines have been disappearing with alarming
frequency. He enlists the assistance of the characters, promising
future favors in exchange for discovering what isat the root of this
disturbance. Realizing that the city of Krakow is attempting to
gain control of the mine's considerable revenues, Kazimierz
initially suspects that one of the city's Cainite population is
behind the plot. Therefore, he tells the characters to ascertain as
much information as they can within the city before venturing
into the mines. When (or if) the characters finally realize that
none of Krakow's known Cainites is involved, they may begin to
suspect that they are dealing with someone as yet unknown.

Krakow will succeed in acquiring rights to the salt mines in
a few years, and the characters' actions may provide the impetus
forthe change in ownership. Should they assist the city's Cainites
in acquiring the rights, they gain valuable allies, but alienate
Kazimierz. Yet, if they survive an encounter with the Salt Queen,
they're already ahead of the game.

BuLGaRIA STORIES

Bulgaria is involved inan ongoingstruggle for independence
from Byzantine rule. On the verge of winning its battle, this
determined nation must soon consider how it will defend itself
from other enemies once it can no longer rely on assistance from
Constantinople.

THE PRICE OF FREEDOM

As the Bulgarians begin their final push for independence,
Tzimisce voivodes convene to discuss how freedom from Byzantine
tule will affect the fate of their lands. The meeting is held at an
abandoned castle near Sofia, a place previously agreed upon as


"neutral" territory. The characters arrive here as part of the retinue
ofone of the attendees; if one of the characters isa voivode, the other
characters may be allied with her. High on the list of topics to be
covered is the continued presence of Sofia's Prince Basilio, whose
strong ties to Constantinopleareaconstantconcern to the voivodes.
Some of the Tzimisce believe it is time to depose him and replace
him with Gabor the Bulgar, now in hiding in Constantinople.
However, others feel that any action against Basilio must wait until
after Bulgaria severs her connections with the Byzantine Empire.
Unbeknownst to the characters (or to any of the attendees,
for that matter), Prince Basilio has learned of the gathering and
(through intermediaries) has apprised the local werewolves of
the Tzimisce meeting. Their attack, intended to destroy the
Leeches, may serve as the impetus to unite the rival Tzimisce
against an outside threat. The characters will have the opportu-
nity to play politics with the local Tzimisce as well as exercise
their combat skills when the werewolves launch their attack.

Assassin's Honor

Husayn, the Assamite, is under pressure from Gabor the
Bulgar to assassinate the Prince of Sofia, Basilio the Elder. In his
attempt to avoid having to kill someone he has come to admire,
Husayn has decided on ascheme that may allow him to keep the
letter of his contract while simultaneously giving his victim a
chance of survival. The Assamite is bound to make only asingle
attempt on Basilio's life because of the terms of his agreement;
if the prince survives his attack, the terms of the contract are
fulfilled and Husayn has discharged his duty. Husayn realizes

that he may not survive an unsuccessful attempt on the prince's
life, but his honor demands that he give Basilio every chance.

To this end, the characters receive information froma reliable
source that an assassination attempt will be made on Prince Basilio
within the next few evenings. If the characters approach the prince
with this knowledge, he will immediately put them in charge of
preventing any harm from coming to him (on penalty of their
unlives). If the characters have no interest in protecting the prince
and don't reveal what they have discovered, they will receive an
offer from an "interested party," who promises them great rewards
should they circumvent the assassination attempt.

With careful investigation, characters may discover who is
actually behind the assassination and even learn the identity of
the potential assassin. If they unearth Husayn's involvement,
they may ascertain that the Assamite himself is the source of
their information. The characters may or may not prevent the
assassination; saving Basilio could involve slaying Husayn or at
least sending him into torpor. If they succeed, they will earn the
prince's (and Constantinople's) friendship and Gabor's (and
possibly other Bulgarian Tzimisce's) enmity. If Husayn some-
how survives, he, too, will owe the characters a debt.

Fair GAME

Travelers from Eastern Europe throng the streets and fill the
taverns of Sofia during the annual fall cattle drive. A festive air
(among other odors) pervades the city, even during the evenings.
The presence of so many visitors provides a false sense of safety in

numbers; thus, shops that normally close their doors at sunset
remain open, while townspeople, who rarely walk about after
dark, take advantage of the late hours to roam the streets (usually
in groups).

Cainite characters may notice the presence of a minstrel
whose lyrics contain passages implying knowledge of their secrets
— allusions to the Book of Nod or the destruction of Carthage. If
they confront the minstrel, they may uncover the existence of a
small group of Brujah who, working with local pagans, hope to gain
control of Sofia during the coming political tumult and establish
that city as Carthage reborn.

Any moves in that direction would, of necessity, incite the
wrath of both prince and voivodes.

KIEVAN Rus STORIES
PREDATORS AT THE GATES

Having traveled to the ruins of Kievan Rus, perhaps lured by
the thought of valuable plunder or simply to satisfy their curiosity,
the characters experience the sensation of someone stalking
them. Since they are far from "civilization," they may assume they
have attracted the attention of a pack of Lupines or wandering
Gangrel. The truth is worse than either possibility.

Desperate to find Cainite blood to feed their sleeping mis-
tress, members of Baba Yaga's brood have been following the
characters, looking for an opportunity to attack and slay them for
their vitae. The ensuing flight through the nocturnal ruins should
be horrifying and action-packed.

AA Mission oF Dupious Mercy

Rumors abound that a powerful Cainite lies trapped in
torpor within the ruins of Kievan Rus. The characters may
choose to investigate on their own or they may travel there at
the request of one of their sires. Their journey will be fraught
with danger from packs of hostile Silver Fangs, territorial
Gangrel, and rival Cainites.

LITHUANIAN STORIES
THE DEATHLESS

Desperate forascrap ofancient lore, the characters discover that
theonly possessorofthe knowledge theyseekisanancientLithuanian
Tzimisce of ill repute. Characters must journey to this hoary old
Fiend's stronghold in the Baltic marshes. The vampire dwells in an
ancientpagan temple onan island in the midstofaswift-flowingriver.
Local pagans, having been conditioned and Dominated over genera-
tions, frequently bring human sacrifices to their "goddess."

The Methuselah is not averse to parting with the
information. ..for a price. She enjoys riddle games and contests of
various sorts. She may use her connections with local fae to set up
elaborate magical contests in which the characters must participate.
Eitherrefusal orfailure bringsahideousdeath. Should charactersseek
to storm the temple by force, they will find it guarded by legions of
animal ghouls, including ferocious, needle-toothed pikes that cruise
beneath the river's surface.

STORYTELLING



hapter €ight:
Hemzens
of Harkness

ee t of ers Lie fee pasar pov rrets: a
lagi oO HIS SEKI

— Shakespeare, udius Caesar

Cainites ave not the only supernatural or magical inhab-
itants of Castern Curope. the forests and mountains of
Teansyleoania, Poland, and the Balkan cegions are the an-
cient territories of Cupines, vohile the fair folk (or faeries) still
abound wherever truce belicwers honor old vwoays and
natuce has not yet seen the heavy hand of hurnan progcess.
The dead hover just out of sight, as alvoays, vohile maleoo-
lent spirits seek to corrupt mortals and Gainites alike with
promises of povoer. ;

WMortals, too, bear the mark of the supecnatucal upon
therm Ouran mages practice their cituals and cotes in
hidden chantties or arnong tribal people voho accept themas
voillvoorkers oc shamans. Strangest of all ave the groul
families of Eastern Ciwope, servants of their Gyirnisce
masters voho have grovon less human with each passing
generation.


[HE CHANGING

Eastern Europe's dense forests and mountain ranges give
succor to packs of Lupines. Most Transylvanian Cainites see
werewolves as enemies and rivals. Most werewolves, in turn,
take offense at even the modest cities and towns that serve as
trading centers and fortified enclaves. The mere scent of anoble
hunting party invading the forests to track and destroy a pack of
wolves (either for their luxurious pelts or for the sheer sport of
the kill) is enough to drive nearby Lupines into a furious
rampage. Even the small villages and isolated huts nestling just
inside the forests' edges provide targets for werewolf wrath.

Werewolves exercised strict control over the growth of
human populations in ages past via the Impergium, or the
practice of culling (i.e., killing) excess members of a village or
tribe when its numbers exceeded acceptable thresholds. The
Lupines still invoke this harsh regimen in some areas of Eastern
Europe. Some villages deliver their old or infirm members,
criminals and, occasionally, sickly infants to the mercies of
"nature." These offerings are either simply abandoned in the
wilderness (if they are babies) or staked out/chained on a hill.
The end results are the same: They are left to die of starvation
or they fall prey to wolves or other predators. While Christian
settlements decry this practice, pagan enclaves often accept it as
part of the compact with nature under which they live.

SHapow LORDS

Although many tribes of werewolves make Eastern Eu-
rope their home, by far the most important is the tribe known
as the Shadow Lords. Transylvanian Shadow Lord tyrants
eagerly exerted their dominance over humans in the days of
the Impergium, waging terrible wars to test their mettle against
others.

Alas, those days are long gone. The Shadow Lords realize
humanity has failed in Transylvania. Men have behaved little
better than beasts: They have conquered and subjugated
opposing tribes, oppressed the weak for their own wealth and
fallen prey to the devious Cainites.

Despite the changing times, the threat of Thunder's
Children has not passed from the world. The Shadow Lords see
the struggles of the world as opportunities to strengthen
themselves. Though humanity is failing in its evolution,
arrogant Shadow Lords are convinced that they are purifying
their tribe and that one night they will dominate the Garou.

THE SEPT OF THE NIGHT SKY

Almost all of Transylvania's Garou defer to their sept in
the southern Carpathians. Although packs roam throughout
Transylvania, most return to their caern in Wallachia several
times a year. There are great deeds to be done and greater
challenges awaiting the guardians of Gaia. The Lords, in

particular, are eager to secure honor and glory to further their

rise to power.


The sept's caern can be found high in the peaks of the
southern Carpathians. Werewolves can look down on the
lands of Transylvania and Wallachia from the summit. For
aspiring cubs, reaching the summit is a perilous adventure in
itself. The path is treacherous and more than one werewolf has
fallen from a road he thought was secure. Ravens and crows
circle around the summit. Occasionally, a Stormcrow spirit
descends to meet an arriving werewolf, offering assistance in
finding the right path in exchange for knowledge. Of course,
many of these spirits already serve other Lords, ensuring that
those in power gain information about travelers long before
they meet with the sept.

HisToRY

In the days when Rome ruled over the peaceful lands of
Dacia, this caern was one of understanding, a place where
werewolves of different tribes could negotiate. Political con-
cerns were discussed here by master diplomats and negotiators.
While human tribes and their shadowy protectors fought for
territory in the lands below, Lords would set aside their warfare
long enough to unify within their caerns. This ensured that,
regardless of the tribe that dominated the Carpathian Basin,
the werewolves would be able to hold their center of power.
Though their homids spoke a vast array of dialects and
languages, the language of the Lupines established a common
tongue for settling disputes.

The fall of the Roman Empire changed all that. Goth
Shadow Lords dominated the leadership of the sept by demon-
strating their supremacy over all other human tribes. Their
conspiracy was broken by a lineage that is still revered in the
Silver Record. One Kinfolk family was blessed with werewolf
children for four generations through the beneficence of Gaia.
Their heritage was Slavic, not Gothic, and the Danislavs
earned the respect of all tribes. Later, they would again play a
major role in the tribe's history.

By the fifth century, Lords found that the surest way to

secure power was to lead a mortal tribe successfully into battle.
Whether they were raised as Goths, Ostrogoths, Avars or
Gepids, running with a victorious tribe reflected well on
aspiring Lupines. Some members of other tribes argued against
this practice, quoting the Litany and insisting that such
actions violated the strictures of the Concordat. Humans,

they said, were entitled to their own civilizations, and it was
not the concern of the werewolves to meddle in human
politics. This was a difficultargument to pose to the Philodoxes
of the Shadow Lords.

The caern later became one of war, and understanding
became less of a priority. Victorious warriors would carry the
heads of their foes to the summit and howl their triumph in
Grandfather's name. Pandering Theurges would then bind
Spirits of War and Pain into the klaives of the warlords.
Philodoxes would walk in homid form among the tribal
leaders, waiting for any opportunity to maneuver for war while
promising peace.


Such conflict was difficult to set aside within the meetings
of the sept and the Lords' unity fractured. Other tribes began
to gather at the sept, hoping to seize it from these madmen and
dedicate it once more to the ideals of Gaia instead of the
bloodshed that aggrandized Grandfather Thunder. The Lords
lost their footing for a century. The final disgrace came when
a pack of Get of Fenris claimed the caern as their own in the
seventh century.

The Get reviled the pettiness of the Lords and set them
against the Garou's common enemies to the north. Instead of
encouraging fierce competitions for personal honor, Hammer-
of-Night—a brilliant Ahroun tactician —coordinated assaults
against selected targets. This growing strength, however, be-
came a threat to the balance of power in Transylvania, and
several Tzimisce likewise set aside their differences to raise an
army against the Night Sky.

Hammer-of-Night then organized a strike against the
strongest of the Tzimisce fiefdoms, which was the beginning of
one of the most celebrated Trials by War in the history of
Transylvania. Peasants of this tirsa were afraid to leave their
homes, even during the day, for a full year. Fearing the light of
the full moon, they fervently prayed for deliverance from the
horrors of the night. The force of Delirium became more
powerful than ever as Gaia sought to purge the terror from
their minds. Epic battles between Tzimisce and Shadow Lords
bred epic heroes and villains.

The Get Sept Leader felt victory close at hand, and his
grasp on the sept was stronger than ever...or so he thought. A
Ragabash assassin plunged a klaive into Hammer-of-Night's
back on the eve of one of his largest battles. The traitor tossed
him from the summit where the battle was being directed, and
Stormcrows fed on Hammer's flesh. The werewolf armies
mysteriously retreated to Wallachia, secure in the victory they
desired. By their own standards, the Shadow Lords had won.

This prompted the Tzimisce to become better organized.
They further defined the boundaries of their fiefdoms and became
secure in their power over the next 150 years. In return for their

martial prowess, the Cainites and other creatures of the night had

no choice but to bow before the authority of the Fiends.

The Fiends' increasing dependence on revenant familiesalso
angered the Lords. They knew of the Bratovitches, the cunning
werewolf hunters the Tzimisce had bred over generations. They
did not know, however, that members of the Danislav family of
Kinfolk had also been bred in a fiefdom far to the north. Once a
far-ranging pack uncovered this plot, they spared no effort in
returning the news to the Night Sky. A wounded Ahroun, bones
gnarled into spiked knots, collapsed before the sept leader after
informing him. Hostilities between the Tzimisce and the Lords
simmered over the next two centuries.

The creation of a few Danislav Shadow Lords was
encouraging, but it was overshadowed by a greater tactical
triumph. In nearby Russia, Lords had also watched over the
people of the steppes — the peasants who supported the
corrupt nobility revered by the Silver Fangs. Under the


shadowy assistance of the Lords, 10 human tribes on the
Russian steppes unified into one, led by Kinfolk of the Shadow
Lords: the Arpad family. The Lords had a vision of re-forming
the ancient territories of Dacia and Pannonia, and their
political acumen supported the Arpads. Their light cavalry
tactics took them as far as the Danube.

The Shadow Lords have since lost touch with many of
their Hungarian Kinfolk. The Arpad Kinfolk, in particular,
have fallen prey to Cainites. Teutonic Ventrue from the Holy
Roman Empire have infiltrated the Hungarian aristocracy,
and mortal Arpads now speak of taming the mortal populace
of Transylvania. Brujah have Embraced Hungarian warriors,
and one has even directed them in battle against the Teutonic
Ventrue. Hatred between East and West has grown. Nonethe-
less, several Kinfolk families are still extant in Transylvania.
The Danislavs, for instance, are settled in Wallachia, al-
though rumors persist of their subjugation by the local Tzimisce.

The Shadow Lords have many enemies now in
Transylvania and there is no shortage of opportunities for
seizing honor and glory. Some even choose to pit themselves
against other Lords or meddle in Cainite disputes. A few
remain close to the caern, addicted to the thrill of political
conflict. Most are content to hunt in packs in their homelands
and wait for the day when the land will be theirs again.

THE DEPARTED

Eastern Europe abounds with tales of ghostly manifesta-

tions, and the Shroud separating the world of the living from
the domain of the dead wears thin throughout much of this
region. Pagans' strong belief in the ongoing presence of the
dead perpetuates the ability of the deceased to interact with
mortals and other supernaturals.

Many castles and fortresses hidden in the Transylvanian
Alps, the Carpathians and other mountain ranges within
Eastern Europe host "family" ghosts — the restless spirits of
murdered rulers or their rival kin. Some Tzimisce voivodes
find their havens plagued by unexplained sounds and various
calamities, all punctuated by unearthly screams and dreadful
visions. These phenomena are the work of their mangled and
impaled victims, who find freedom in death to express their
horror and anger without fear of repercussions (or so they
believe). These unfortunate souls retain the twisted, gro-
tesque forms imposed on them by their Tzimisce torturers,
using their deformities to invoke feelings of horror in those
to whom they appear.

Naturally, the Fiends find such manifestations remark-
ably entertaining.

Atop old battle sites, ghostly armies arise on certain
evenings to reenact the battles in which they fell. Other ghosts
haunt the countryside and villages of Eastern Europe. Death
from starvation occurs frequently among the peasants and
serfs, most of these deaths are due to the cruel deprivations of
the local lords.

THE RUSALKA
The rusalka, one of the most common — and
irits of the region, takes its name from its
form to the faerie race of rusalki ce

powers ofartraction
Many young men fooli
alone ‘have been: enty

Thé ae graws i

tuallyand wishestobringher mortal censort across ie
able to resist,

her victim plunges into a river, ery) ‘off a cliff or

commits some other act to join her in death. Oddly, a

rusalka' s victims rarely become rusalkas themselves.

While most mortals and Cainites cannot enter the world
of the dead, a few individuals possess the ability to do so under
certain circumstances. Others, particularly those born with
cauls over their faces or marked in some other fashion, are
able to catch glimpses of the "other side." These remarkable
individuals have brought back information about their vi-
sions or journeys.

Asatule, mortals, as well as Cainites, fearand avoidcontact
with the dead, but there are exceptions. In places where the old
religion thrives, pagan priests, wisewomen and sami (or sha-
mans) recognize the connections between the living and the
dead. Many of themact as conduits for the spirits of the deceased
or offer rites to honor ancestral ghosts and propitiate restless
spirits. Cappadocians, likewise, seek to penetrate the barrier
between the worlds in order to gain insight into the afterlife
denied to them by their existence as Cainites.

THE DEPRAVED

In tandem with the spread of Christianity in Eastern
Europe, the practice of demon worship also made itself known
asa distinct religion (or antireligion). Before the coming of the
followers of Christ, adherents of the old pagan religions
accepted the existence of two types of deities: the benevolent
gods of light and the destructive gods of darkness. Although
only a few actively served the malevolent dark gods, all pagans
recognized their existence and accepted their presence as a
part of the dual nature of the world.

DENIZENS OF DARKNESS


In response to Christian persecution, or as a means of
gaining power to free themselves from foreign masters, some
Eastern Europeans have begun the active worship of infernal
beings. Seen by some as servitors of Hell or as the personifica-
tions of the "dark gods," these entities from the netherworld
respond to the sacrifices made to them.

Most powerful Cainites who indulge in infernal prac-
tices have entered into pacts with one of the powers of Hell.
Many of them view demons as equals (or, as in the case of the
Tzimisce, near-equals); few suspect, until it is too late, their
"partners" true hold over them. The lure of infernal invest-
ments, powers gained through successive bargaining with
demons, often proves difficult for some Cainites to resist.

Some heretics, such as the Bogomils, suffer a reputa-
tion for devil worship through their belief in the prevalence
of Satan in the world of the flesh. Their insistence that
Satan created the world leads many in the Church to
believe that these variant Christians actually worship the
Devil. In actuality, nothing could be further from the
truth. Nevertheless, both the Latin and Orthodox
Churches levy accusations of diabolism against the
Bogomils, while the heretics, in turn, view their persecu-
tors as true followers of Satan.

Pagan cults that serve infernal powers under the auspice
of worshipping the "dark gods" form yet another type of
demonic religion. More accurately, the deities venerated by

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

such groups belong to the unfathomable class of spirits
known as the Umbrood, inhabitants of the spirit world.
Thus, they fall entirely outside the parameters of Christian-
ity. The Church, however, does not make such nice
distinctions. Anyone who serves someone other than Christ,
by definition, worships "the Devil."

THE Fair

As ancient as the Cainites, the fair folk (or faeries) of
Eastern Europe embody the dreams and fears of the region's
mortal population. Closely tied to the land, these creatures'
disposition grows darker in response to the mortal and super-
natural events impinging on their reality.

Although each region has its own local name for faeries,
the practice of referring to them as fair folk, good folk or some

other complimentary term is almost universal. Locals believe
that by doing so, one might avoid incurring the displeasure of
these fickle, sometimes incomprehensible, creatures.

Forests and mountain fastnesses, in particular, retain an
aura of enchantment. Fantastic creatures long ago relegated to
myth still inhabit secluded glens or hidden lairs in Poland's
Bialoweza Forest. Other forests in parts of Bohemia and
Hungary seem to move about, subtly changing their location
and giving rise to legends of creeping woodlands and walking
trees. Some mountains are believed to shift their position, as


if stirring in their profound slumber. In these places, where
nature has not yet lost her enchantment, the fair folk gather in
relative safety from a world that is gradually growing more
hostile toward them.

Faeries do not interact with Cainites for the most part,
finding no attraction in the vampires' obsession with mundane
and temporal power. Only those Cainites who descend from
Malkav retain the ability to converse and interact intimately
with the fae. Their madness imbues them with a childlike
sense of wonder that attracts faeries to them.

Some Cainites, conversely, have developed an avid inter-
est in the faerie races. Both Tzimisce and Tremere use captured
faeries in their foul experiments. Tzimisce desire to find ways
to introduce faerie blood and powers into some of their
revenant families, while the Tremere seek to use potent faerie
blood in their Thaumaturgic rituals.

Tue Mysticks

The presence of powerful mortal magick-workers in East-
ern Europe acts asa curb (albeit, a minor one) on the otherwise
absolute domination of Cainites and other inhuman creatures.
With the defection of House Tremere, the Order of Hermes
received a resounding warning of the dangers posed by Cainites.
Although the truth about the Tremere apostasy has not yet
permeated throughout the Order, a few magi suspect what has
happened and have begun to take steps to ensure that no other
Houses follow the Tremere.

Among the followers of the old religion, practitioners of
magick have always been revered as wisdom keepers. Most
pagan magi excel in one or two major types of magick; some deal
almost exclusively with the spirit realm. These shamans serve as
links between the seen and unseen worlds, bridging the gap
between the living and the dead. Other pagan willworkers draw
their power from an understanding of the natural cycles of life
and death. Known as witches or "the wise," these nature mages

practice healing and weather magic for their communities. Like
the spirit mages, witches most often operate on the behalf of a
tribe or village, although some of them dwell apart from human-
ity in isolated forest cottages or solitary caves.

Christianity also has its workers of magick, individuals
whose understanding of the essence of raw power enables them
to work "miracles" of healing and other forms of magick. They
draw their ability to shape reality from their devotion to God
and their willingness to act as a channel for His divine grace.

Relations between Cainites and mages are tenuous at
best, hostile at worst, yet fraught with tension at all times. The
Tremere, while attempting to intimate themselves in Cainite
society, are rigidly mistrusted by most of the undead clans.
Those Cainites with strong ties and influence over the Church
view Christian mysticks as nothing short of rivals, particularly
in cases where these holy men and women commanda devoted
following. Tzimisce voivodes often seek out such popular mages
as victims, delighting in the torments they can inflict in the
guise of demons-in-the-flesh.

Some mages seek out Cainites for their potent blood,
which is useful in certain rituals or as a source of magickal
energy. Those magi foolish enough to imbibe Cainite blood
sometimes find themselves inadvertently transformed into
servants of the undead. The process whereby ghouls are
created and bonded to their masters is not commonly known,
and only the most assiduous and knowledgeable mages are
aware of the dangers inherent in ingesting the blood of Caine's
children. While most witches view vampires as unnatural
creatures, a few respect them nevertheless.

Some Cainites deliberately court known mages in search
of wizards' vitae. Others, particularly the Tzimisce and the
Tremere, desire captive mages for their experiments or for the
pleasure of subjecting them to cruelties devised expressly for
these mortal rivals. Underestimation of a magus's power,
however, can easily lead to unforeseen, and sometimes fatal,
results for the uninformed vampire.

DENIZENS OF DARKNESS



: : Slaves of the

f Bolboves nnd


REVENANTS

Justas the Tzimisce have laid claim to entire tirsas as lands
under their rule, they have also chosen entire families to work
as their slaves. Conditioned to expect absolute obedience in
their underlings, the Tzimisce find it convenient to create the
servants and retainers they need, as opposed to impaling those
who fail to live up to their lords' expectations and having to
train new ones every few years.

Tzimisce naturally chose the aristocracy for their retainers.
As all Fiends know, blood will tell. Peasants, after all, are barely
human, similar to fodder and to be used and cast away as needed.
Yet, a good servant is a commodity to be treasured. Thus, the
Tzimisce turned to the same noble families generation after
generation, creating ghouls from those worthy of their attention.
Inreturn for hard work, sacrifice and abasement, a member of one
of these families may be Embraced. Most never attain this honor.

As ghouls bred with distant relatives or ghouls from other
noble families over time, they found that Cainite vitae was no
longer necessary to sustain their powers. Many began demon-
strating ghoul-like powers at birth, with Cainite Disciplines
and extended lifespan becoming hereditary characteristics of
those born in the families.

While any Cainite can create a ghoul, only members of
the ghoul families (or revenants, as they are usually called)
come into the world with Cainite blood already in their veins.
These individuals age at a slow rate, but they eventually grow
old and die. Only regular infusions of Cainite blood can
sustain them agelessly. Revenants have hereditary Cainite
Disciplines, which they power with their own potent blood.

Additionally, revenants who have imbibed Cainite blood
can use it to power their Disciplines, but they cannot exceed
the maximum number of Blood Points their bodies will hold.
This means a revenant could expend some of her own blood
to use a Discipline, then drink Cainite blood and use it to
power further expenditures, but she couldn't be perfectly
healthy and conserve her own blood while drinking Cainite
blood to power her Disciplines. The cup has to be at least
partially empty to hold any more fluid.

Revenants' bodies replace blood at the rate of one Blood
Point per day. Revenants' blood is so potent that their Blood
Pools may exceed the 10 points most humans have. She adds one
Blood Point to her body's maximum capacity for every 100 years
arevenant lives. Thus, arevenant that is 202 yearsold wouldhave
12 rather than 10 Blood Points in her body. Few revenants have
lived so long, however. Most of the ghoul families are too new to
have such ancient members, and those small number who are
ancient enough often live violent lives. Potent blood doesn't
mean the ghoul is any more likely to survive beheading.

Unlike Cainites, revenants are fertile and produce children,
usually through mating with members of their own or another
ghoul family. For the sake of broadening the families' breeding
stock or for political reasons, another bloodline is occasionally

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT

introduced. Children produced from these unions are often
relegated to lesser tasks, as most revenants feel that the "human"
blood is weaker and inferior until several generations have passed.

Coming into the world with Cainite blood in their veins
living extremely long lifespans in virtual isolation, revenants
often reject their own humanity in favor of strange practices and
Cainite sensibilities. Indeed, some are far less human than the
Cainites they serve. Many indulge in torture, murder, orgies,
dark occultism, drugs from the East, and heretical or grotesque
rituals. Aside from their noble status, most revenants consider
the Cainite blood within them to raise them above the level of
mere humans. Few have even the remotest understanding of
human morals or ethics; virtually all revenants consider them-
selves superior to humans in every way. Since this attitude does
not differ too greatly from that of most nobles during this period,
revenants don't seem as strange as they will someday be.

However, many peasants seem to instinctively know that
there issomethingdifferentaboutrevenants. A taint hovers about
them, marking them for what they are. Additionally, those who
use Vicissitude to reshape their bodies sometimes appear scarcely
human. This gives rise to the legend of dhampir — beings who are
the result of matings between vampyrs and human women.

ORIGINS

The ghoul families consist of noble ones who have faith-
fully served the Tzimisce. Chosen by the Tzimisce as favored
"pets," revenant families have become very rich and powerful.
Their Cainite protectors have allowed them to expand with-
out fear of destruction by their neighbors, and their saturation
with Cainite vitae gives them the edge in battle. That blood
comesat the price of absolute loyalty to their Tzimisce masters,
but this is a bargain the revenants make happily.

Blood Bound to the clan, ghouls from the revenant families
infiltrate noble courts and strongholds of the Church through-
out Europe, acting as eyes and ears for their masters. Others
provide the Tzimisce with ghouled warriors for their battles
against their foes. Whatever use they are put to, several particu-
larand separate ghoul families have emerged over time. Although
the families interbreed, each remains distinct and specializes in
a different pursuit that is of particular use to the Tzimisce.

THE FAMILIES

Thus far, several families have become revenants. Spread
across Eastern Europe (and into Western European families as
well), their influence is considerable. Many hold valuable
lands for Tzimisce voivodes, acting as seneschals, or overseers
of estates. Due to the war with the Tremere, many Tzimisce
have "gone underground," leaving their ghouls to manage
things in their absence. For more information on revenants,
see Ghouls: Fatal Addiction, Libellus Sanguinus I: Masters
of the State, and The Storytellers Guide to the Sabbat. The
Bratovitch, Grimaldi, Obertus, Szantovich (Zantosa), Vlaszy,
Krevcheski (Ducheski), and Khavi families are profiled in
those works. Two other families of note are given here.


BASARAB

Nickname: Warlords

Background: Romanian nobles living in Transylvania
near the eastern Carpathians, the Basarab family traces its
lineage back to Dacian princes and Roman legionnaires. One
of the oldest ghoul familie: rab line swore Blood
Oaths to the Tzimisce before the coming of Attila. Some
Basarab women, realizing the strength and aggressiveness of
the Huns, managed to seduce these conquerors and bear their
children among the safety of hidden family holdings. Szekler
blood (from some of the original Szekler tribes in Transylvania)
was also introduced into the family's bloodline before Germans
were invited to settle the territory by the Hungarian king. The
most noble or noted outsiders were chosen to share their blood
with the family in each case. Thus, the Basarab line grew
immensely strong and unusually resistant to some of the defor-
mities and weaknesses that plague the other ghoul families.

Basarab are noted for their fierce warriors and clever strate-
gies and are among the most loyal and terrifying of the Tzimisce's
soldiers. Many are almost the equals of weaker Cainites. They
indubitably unnerve human opponents, who find them exceed-
ingly difficult to defeat or kill. Basarab also excel in political
maneuvering, playing one enemy off against another while
promising a third enemy the heads of the first two in exchange for
analliance. Such affiliations and agreementsare, of course, worth
onlyas muchas theally's current value. Nonetheless, members of
the Basarab family have an undeniable charisma and natural
leadership ability. They are able to fascinate even those who hate
them, much like a snake hypnotizes its prey before devouring it.

One of the few families of Romanian nobles who retain their
holdings and noble status, the Basarab are staunch defenders of
the Orthodox Church. Rival families believe this to bea political
decision aimed at inducing holy fervor in the Romanian peas-
antry, who must sometimes fight alongside their Basarab masters.

Members of the family will move south and east in the
1300s, taking their peasants with them to farm new lands.
They are among the boyars and voivodes who establish the new
Kingdoms of Moldavia and Wallachia. The first ruler of
Wallachia takes the title Prince Basarab, founding the
Basarabian dynasty. The family splits into the Danesti and
Draculesti branches; the Draculesti branch of the family will
birth the Prince of Wallachia who is later Embraced as
Tzimisce, the man known as Dracula.

The Fiends, appalled by Dracula's actions, will blame the
entire Basarab line for his impious presence. The Tzimisce will
slowly and inventively avenge themselves on the Basarab, and
none will survive by the 16th century — this may prove to be
a mistake in later nights.

Appearance: The Basarab is a striking family. Members

dress in barbarian splendor, accented by furs and polished jewels.
Most have dark, curly hair and large, intense eyes. Emerald pupils
and hawklike noses predominate. The men favor long mous-

taches and shoulder-length hair, disdaining to cut it and so deny
their enemies the pleasure of taking it as a trophy of war.

Family Estates: The Basarab hold several small manors
throughout Transylvania, acting as boyars or landholding
nobles. As they rise to greater prominence over the next
centuries, they will begin building a series of border fortresses
along the eastern and southern passes into Transylvania.
Later, their holdings will spread throughout Wallachia and
parts of Moldavia.

Backgrounds: The family enjoys a degree of autonomy
from its Tzimisce masters, for its members willingly serve in
return for power. Because of their noble blood and unwilling-
ness to bow to Hungarian conquerers, they have many allies
among the other Romanians. Most Basarab have the Influence
Background, and many have Resources. What they lack at
inception, many later take through force of arms.

Character Creation: Physical or Social Attributes are
primary, though the Basarab are by no means mental weak-
lings. The Secondary Skill of Diplomacy is sometimes useful to
them, though they generally accomplish their aims through
strength of arms, intimidation and subterfuge.

Disciplines: Dominate, Protean, Vicissitude

Weaknesses: A blood disorder in the family line makes all
members highly allergic to garlic. No Basarab can long tolerate
the smell or taste of the potent plant. This allergy makes them
highly suspect among those whose everyday diet includes garlic
as a matter of course. When Basarabs are Embraced, they carry
the allergy into their afterlives. Many Cainites of Basarabian

APPENDIX


lineage also have an aversion to holy symbols; perhaps because
they defended the Church when mortal, they now fear its power
over the damned things they have become.

Preferred Paths: Curiously, the Basarab usually follow
either the Road of Heaven or the Via Diabolis.

Family Organization: The Basarab is a sprawling, multi-
generational family settled throughout Transylvania. Each
individual family head oversees his immediate kin. A loosely
organized family council occasionally meets, but vicious in-
fighting over who should be overall clan leader prevents the
Basarab from fully uniting.

Gaining Family Recognition: Recognition is gained
through clever diplomacy, military prowess, or service to a
powerful overlord.

DANISLAV

Nickname: Justiciars

Background: The Danislavs had reputations for longevity
and sagacity for many generations. A few even knew of their
heritage as Kinfolk to the Garou. The most respected Danislav
Kinfolk had raised triumphant Lupines, and their offspring
created a Danislav dynasty in the fourth and fifth centuries. As
these Lupines became more powerful, their pride grew as well.
Little did they know that their esteem would be their undoing.

Three families of Danislavs had settled far to the north of
the Voivodate of Transylvania. There they lived under the
watchful eye of a Tzimisce lord, Count Florescu. It greatly

amused him that the Shadow Lords to the south did not know
that a prince to the north held members of their family in his
domain. Of course, they'd had to be chained in the dungeon of
his castle for the first 10 years, but by the time they saw the light
of day again, they had been conditioned to servitude. When
the first revenants at last were bred, the count rejoiced in his
accomplishment.

A pack of Garou ventured beyond the patrols of Borgo
Pass a generation later. They were appalled to uncover the
disgrace inflicted on their Kinfolk. They peremptorily launched
an attack on the count, but they were soundly defeated. Only
one member of the pack escaped alive. He returned to tell his
horrible tale, but by then, the Danislav revenants had forsaken
their ancestors.

Count Florescu was eager to display his triumph and sent
his revenants as ambassadors and diplomats to the domains of
other Tzimisce. He gained great prestige as his cultured family
gained a reputation for their services. Soon it was all the rage
to have a Danislav mediate a Trial by War or other similar
dispute. The Justiciars always found inventive solutions for
settling matters of disagreement.

As their fame increased, the Danislav revenants also
began to dream of overthrowing their masters. The father of
their family often ventured into the dark woods to pray for
deliverance from the cruel Tzimisce that bred his family like
animals. Spirits of the night answered his call of distress. He
learned to distinguish the many occult forces waiting to aid
him by means of his vampiric sight. Many had sworn fealty to
an even more powerful force — Grandfather Thunder himself.

By the mid-14th century, the Danislavs will use Thunder's
Dark Gifts to overthrow Count Florescu. The count's mansion
will be shattered by thunder and lightning from the heavens,
and the Danislavs will claim his fiefdom as their own. Their
triumph will be short-lived. In 1399, several Tzimisce will
unite to destroy them. One member of the family will betray
the entire line and, as the treacherous Fiend Count Danislav,
will ascend to the princedom of the domain.

Appearance: A diplomat must dress tastefully, but never
too ostentatiously. Her manner enhances her aristocratic
demeanor. No matter how cultured a Danislav becomes,
however, she still retains a bestial streak. A Danislav's eyes are
dark, her hair is jet black, and, in keeping with superstition, her

eyebrows meet over the bridge of her nose.

Family Estate: The family estate of the Danislavs adjoins
the mansion of Count Florescu. The estate will grow after the
mansion is destroyed.

Backgrounds: The family enjoysadegree of fame among the
Tzimisce, being something of a cause célébre. All members of the
family have the Enemies Flaw, for all of them are hated by the
Shadow Lords. The Silver Fangs, conversely, find them hilarious.

Character Creation: Social Attributes, as well as the
Etiquette Ability, are crucial. The Secondary Skill of Diplo-
macy is most useful.


Disciplines: Auspex, Protean, Vicissitude. From the Tzimisce,
they have learned to use Vicissitude to help craft szlachta for the
defense of their estates. From theirassociation with hidden forces,
the eldest have developed Auspex to detect spirits within the
Umbra. The eldest Danislavs, those who drink the blood of the
mightiest Tzimisce voivodes, have learned Protean to such a
degree that they may shapeshift into wolves (never bats).

The Danislavs also have another mystic power, though it is
treated as an out-of-clan Discipline for purposes of experience-
point expenditure. From the servants of Grandfather Thunder,
members of this family are able to learn Shadow Lord Gifts up to
Level Three, though they refrain from demonstrating these
abilities openly. They must learn these Gifts by making pacts with
spirits in the Umbra. Using these Gifts requires the expenditure
of Blood Points in place of Gnosis. There are five Gifts listed for
this tribe in Werewolf: The Apocalypse — treat each one as one
level of this Discipline, in ascending order.

Weaknesses: All Danislavs take aggravated damage from
silver and have an aversion to wolfsbane. In addition, certain
revenants become violent if touched by the light of the full moon.
On any given night, when a Danislav is first bathed in the full
moon's light, he must make a Self-Control roll (difficulty 6). If he
attains fewer than three successes, he gives into bestial impulses for
the duration of the night. Hair grows on his face and palms and a
great rage possesses him until he kills a mortal. Power has its price.

Preferred Paths: The Road of the Beast is preferred,
although the Via Equitatus is followed by weaker Danislavs.

Family Organization: The eldest Danislavs prefer to travel
alone to an estate, where they seek patronage as mediators or
diplomats. If this occurs, they may bring lovers along so that they
might raise a family and therefore, continue their lineage. One
woman may take many lovers and thus bear children for several
fathers on family estates. This makes the practice of courtly love
somewhat elaborate. During the full moon, however, this civility
is abandoned, and orgiastic Danislav celebrations are legendary.

Gaining Family Recognition: Recognition is gained
either by serving a very powerful lord or by siring many
children (preferably by multiple mothers or fathers).

KaUpaLA

The servants of the demon Kupala — these spirits bedevil
mortal, vampire, and werewolf alike. They lurk in the spirit world
adjoining the lands of Eastern Europe, but they can occasionally
manifest themselves in rocks, trees, animals, or even people. They
can create bodies from Eastern Europe's tainted soil, shaping
them into whatever they desire. When Materialized, kupala take

any number of horrid shapes, often grotesque caricatures of the
entities or objects through which they manifest. While Material-
ized, kupala attempt to lure travelers off safe paths and into the
dark caves and groves to which they are bound. Kupala are
considered Bane spirits (see Werewolf: The Apocalypse).

Statistics for kupala's spirit forms are given here, though
vampires will rarely interact with such ephemeral beings.
Kupala demons can Materialize, creating bodies in the physi-
cal world. Vampires, particularly Tzimisce enacting the rituals
of Kupala's Night, may have to battle the kupala physically.
Use the "When Materialized" stats for this purpose.

Willpower 4, Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Corruption, Materialize, Posses-
sion, Shapeshift

When Materialized: Physical Attributes 3 each, Mental
Attributes 2 each, seven Health Levels (no wound penalties),
Brawl 3, Dodge 2, Celerity 1 (may automatically take an extra
action per turn, without spending Blood Points), attack is bite
or claw for Str + 1 aggravated damage, no Blood Pool (vam-
pires cannot drink the foul demonic ichor), Willpower 4

APPENDIX


WHEN FIENDS AND WARLOCKS GO

TO WAR..

Good evening, childer. Welcome to our old and blood-drenched soil. We have known
the tread of the Hun, the Roman, the Magyar, yet we stand defiant, as we always have.
Now, after sunset, cries of war and horror pierce the night. As the old ways crumble
and Usurpers receive their bloody baptism, limitless power awaits those clever

and brutal enough to take it. But beware: The Old Country is a
harsh mistress, and those who fail greet the dawn on impaling
stakes. So come, my friends. Enter freely and of your own will.

After all...you may never leave.

THE BLUE DANUBE RUNS RED WITH GORE
Transylvania by Night is a sourcebook depicting the classic
"vampire country" of Eastern Europe, as it is in the Dark
Medieval world. One part history, one part Hammer
Horror, this book will delight Vampire aficionados and
genre fans alike.

TRANSYLVANIA BY NIGHT ENCLUDES:
» Achance to participate in the great Tremere-Tzimisce war.
» Descriptions of legendary Eastern Europe, including
the mighty Carpathian chantry of Ceoris.

* Story arcs and new revenant families.

GAMES FOR MATURE. MINDS
ISBN 1-56504-287-5
3.00 U.S.

ill

PRINTED IN USA

Gane STUDIO

o : ra 4

& 7 ~~.
