# File: Tremere.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

4 hm mu
| A Sourcebook for VAMPIRE:The Masquerade"


From end to end with labor keen;
And here, poor fool, with all my lore
1 stand no wiser than before.
— Johann Wolfgang von Goethe; Faust

Yes, we know the truth. The truth is that knowledge is not power—it isthe prelude to power.
Knowledge lets us see what is really important and, most importantly, how to attain it

Power is afterall, what really matters. Power is nota means toan end— its the end. Power s
what makes our unlives worth living. Power s what gives the night meaning.


CHAPTER O

a
a 4

THE -BEGINNING

Pokes out from

Siouxsie & the B.

through her clouded min
and pulling together bits and fragments of mer
arkness. Her eyes were'still closed; had she awakened from
sleep?

A voice shouted insiste
words!"

‘Repeat them! Repeat
Words came ather through thedark. She knew not who
knew not why

"Repeat after me!" the Voice commanded. "1, Rebécc
Thompson, hereby swear ty everlasting loyalty to House an
(Clan Tremere and all its membe

What? she thoughe to herse

She still couldn't find the scrength to open her eyes: Still the

"I, Rebecca . 2" She weakly began to repe

then she gagged, neatly overcome with n
liquid lay in her mouth. Burning.

throat. She choked on the cop

raged the vaice from the darkness.

nd grabbed her face, sealingher lipsshurt
sand

Tremere of
member

nan eye
aw a man wiping

e 7


his hands on a towel. Where on earth was she? His face was

familiar, but she couldn' place it: Why was

The man set the towel down. "Say the word
demanding.
Continually coached along, Rebecca mumbled her way
h phrase after phrase, gradually coming to recog
re her. Ir was her anthropology. instructor, F
(Garlin: She was in his home. Bits and pieces of her memories
came flashing back to het.

More swallows of the vile liquid. She found herself haring
the taste, bur the feelin ndescribable. With her

d like blood. She was

eyes nowopen, she could see it: thick an
‘Continue," commanded Gatlin. Repeatafterme:I wil

by the decisions of he tibunals,and honoe the wishes of d t

‘Council of Seven. The tribunals shal be bound by the sprit of the

Code of Tremere, supplemented by the Pe
The recitation went On and on throtigh most of

Oaths spoken one after 2

he night
sed with increasin
larger draughts of the rapidly cooling, coagulating blood.

Rebecea had no idea what was happening to her, nor co

she muster the will to re ed cold floor of the

basement of the professor's cowsthouse, she fele there was little
she could do but follow his

will not endanger House and Clan Trem
aecions,"he said. "Nor will] interfere wi

my House and Clan. I will not deal

shewasbeing nitiated into something, some
vr, but whatkind? What, exactly, was "House
for special atten:

hat she found him interesting enough. A
little odd, perhaps, bute exhibited a dangeroussort of dominance

Hedasked

ad been disay

after class a Couple timesand, agreeing,
to find out that he only wished to

conduct. some' cests on her. It seemed he had an interest in

psychology, which he claimed tied in with his anthropological

red well on the tests, which scemed to please hin
when he'd invited her to visithis cownhouse that weekend,
essed in'what she thought was correctly

Provocative manner, she'd arrived at the appointed tire, but was
ay little attention to her. He
was more interested in eliciting her the
henomena than romancing her
When y dt

disappointed when he seemed «
ghts and beliefs about
show her his "laboratory" en

ay. She'd been right— but the play

mething other than what she'd expected


Allowing him to take het in his
back, anticipating a kiss: Instead, he lung
his teeth deep into her throat: She struggled
budge against his srength—or age

ped the blood flow she relaxed, giving
herself over to him @ death. Little did she
wv. AS she faded,
as though a tiny,

realize, it was the last comfort she would eve
she was sure she hallucinated, for it-appeared
grotesquely deformed version of Gatlin flew around her head
For now, Gatlin kept at her,
throat, forcing her to repeat the words of th
‘Tdemand that, should | break this o
of the House and C
ance. "Il
my life may not continue in degradation and infamy
Shetried rodriftoff, suddenly feeling coo sleepy tocontinue,
‘only to be awakened by Garlin yanking at her hair.
No Sleeping now. Repeat the oath!" he demanded
Shemanaged to mumble her way through it, barely compre-
hending th he began to worry abou
kind of weitdo she'd hooked up with. More ofthe fluid was!
down her throat. It still burne

words she spoke

bur the pain was fading.

Gatlin continued: "I recognize that the"enemies of the
House and Clan are my enemies, thar the friends of the House
and Clan are my friends, and that the allies of the House «:
(Clan are my allies. Let us work as one and grow hale and strong,
in. she repeated the words, mechanically; exhausted
fom the ritual which ow seemed like it had gone on for hours
[Atleast now Gatlin was taking the time toexplain to her allitele
about what was going on: she had been "recruited,"and now she
P would now be one of the undead.

"Butwhatifl choose nocto become va ehiad as

over," he had explained.

"Repeat thisfinal line," he told Fer. thereby swear this cath
pri the fifth day of April, 1994. Woe to anyone who tempts me tc
Pbreak this oath, and woe to me if I succumb to temptation.

"The time for choice

Rebecéa, relieved, spoke the final words of the oath. Gath
Thelped her up off the floor and into.a nearby chair, where she neatly
‘collapsed, exhausted by the ordeal. Still, she was brightened by the
prospect ofher new life —as she understood it. There were s
things she could leam, and so many things she could d

"Is that all there is to it Rebécca asked Gatlin. "Have
really changed into-a vampire now?

5, You are now undead," Gatlin answered her. "You are
napprentice to the noble House Tremere, and apprenticed
well to Your master. You are one of the chasen ones. Your fate
todiscover the true meaning of power, and

explore
‘space and tim ne exist. You are now'c
ned to inherit the ear

great imn n€ of those
tothink

"Yes, really." was Gatl
bucket and clean up this
Upstairs and I'll oul

THE CODE OF
TREMERE

le for theit cold attitudes and lack of affection for one

h isidispensed, ftom a container, rather than the
embracing' magus, furth
another.

distancing: the vampirés from one

Most important to the initiation process is the sweating of

the Code of Tremere. This oath was instituted by Tremere

himeelf in the éarly 15th century. Parts were based upon the
ancient Code of Her
House
Order. All
renders them bound

;emere and the eventual collapse of the old Hermetic
to the Tremere for the rest of their exist
ence. Although
making itknow

Tremere published the' Gode long ago,
totheoth
mn, itis believed by many that upon gaining higher
ranks, such as Regent, Lo
diferent versions of this C

-vampire Clans inanatteropt to ease

1 Pontifex, candidates sw

which may contain additional
passages sical evidence of these supposed "mo
he matteris unknowr
However, some Tremere have been known toalter the oath they

ated. This px

codes has eversurfaced, and the truth o

<dminister to theie init the Code
but the Tremere cannot al activity

Thef sec
by an initiar

nteproduces the proper oath as spoken

g inducted into the House. The actual text of

the Code is

ame), hereby swear my everlasting loyalty t

indallits members. Lam of their blood,

¢. We-share our lives, our goals and out
ts: shall ob

sce the House sces fit to name my
dors, and treat my inferiors with ll the cespec

themselves


TREMERE

The most important partof the oath, This is lifetime bond
in the case of most vampires, a very long time: A member is
expected to respect the hierarchy of the clan, deferring to those
cof higher rank and, in tum, teceiving deference from those of

"L will not deprive nor attempt to deprive any member of
House and Clan Tremere of his magical power. To do so would
be to act against the strength of our House: I will not slay noe
attempe toslay any member of the House and Clan except inself-
defense, or when a magus has been ruled outlaw by a properly
Constituted tribunal. Ifa magus has been nuled an outlaw, {shall
bend all efforts to bring such magus to justice."

A direct attack against anochér magus, either physical or
magical, is strictly forbidden unless it can be proven it was done
cout of self-defense or in the greater interests of the clan. Al-
hough outrighthostilitiesberween nvals are forbidden, character
assassination is permirted and, if done with finesse, often ad
mired. Minorskirmishesberwéen magiand chantries are tolerate,
bat only so long as they do not bring danger to the clan.

1 will abide by all decisions ofthe tribunals, and respectfully
honor the wishes of the Inner Council of Seven and the wishes
‘of my supetiors. The tribunals shall be bound by the spirit of the
Code of Tremere, as supplemented by the Peripheral Code and
interpreted by a properly constituted body of magi, I have the
right toappeala decision toahigher tribunal, ifthey should agree
co hear my-ease

In' cases of dispute, the decision of « properly constituted
tribunal is Considered final, although a magus may appeal to a
higher tribunal, even as high as the Inner Council itself. Disturb-
ing members of the Inner Council with matters of less than the
greatestimportance tothe clan can severely damage a Tremere's

I will nor endanger House and Clan Tremere through my

ns. Nor will | interfere with the affairs of mundanes in any
way that brings ruin upon my House and Clan. will not, when
dealing with devils, ot others, in any way bring danget to the
clan, nor will I disturb the faeries in any way that should cause
them to take their vengeance on the House and Clan. Lalso swe
to uphold: the values and goals of the Camarilla, and J. will
maintain the Masquerade. Insofar as these goals may conflict
with my goals, I will not pursue myown ends in any way thi
would endanger the Masquerade. The strength of the House and.
Clan Tremere depends on the strength of the Masquerade.

The Tremere are closely involved with the affairs of man
Kind, but all members are charged with the responsibility. of

the secrets of the Tremere away from mundanes

Although expérimentation and the furthering of the bor:

is of paramount concer to the Tremere, ce
ings with devils dates
ym the old Order of Hermes, though it has been updated t0,
reflect the goalsofthe Tremere. Although the faerie world seems

today then it was when the code was wri

serie world in any way that creates probl
in is expressly forbidden. The final lines were amended


tothe code atthe urging of Etrius shortly after the founding of the
Camarilla, intended to:reassure the other vampites abc
motives and intent of the universally distrusted Tremere.

‘Tremere are authorised tofeed where and when
whatever manner they deem fit, as longs they kee
boundaries set by local chantries and the ruling Prince. Aside
from thar, all Tremere are expected toygather their ststenance in
8 way that brings neither attention nor disgrace to the cla

will not use magic toscry upon members of he House and
Clan Tremere, nor shall ! use it €o peer into their affairs. Ie is
expressly forbidden."

In the course of events, this precepts often violated. Many
magi make a regular practice of scrying other members, and
senior magi are almost expected todo s0 in order to keep tabs on
their'underlings. If caught serying, the usual recolitse is t¢

nd compensation from the money, power o
Pethaps & promising apprentice ly ate such cases
referred t6 a tribunal, usually on!
great importance. 0 offendercan
expect to be treated harshly. Non-magical means of spyi
rival magi or chantries are, acc

and acceptable

"Lwill train only apprentices whowill sweartothis code,and
should any of them turn against the House and Clan, shall be
the first to strike them down and bring them to justice. No
fpprentice of mine shall be called magus uncil he first swears tc
hold che code. I shall creat my apprentices with the care and

A magus may only take an apprentice after the act
approved by an immediate superior. The

the number and distribution of clan members throtigh

world. This portion of the code demands that a magus must
initiate any new apprentice according t sceptsof the clan.
dered wholly responsible for the.actions
ghavior of any apprentice living under his chantry, and
harged with dispensing justice as he sees fit: Potential appren
tices sometimes come searchit
is been given permission to initiate a new
apprentice simply chooses whomever seems t0 best suit his
Purposes and needs. Although Tremere still seek out those with
evidence of extra-normal powers and abilities, itis not ne
ily the prime requisite when choosing an appre
have their fingersin everything, anid apprentices adept at
with different aspects of the mundane world are just as hi
prize
Although magi are allowed great latitude in the treatment
of their apprentices, an ‘abused apprentice can ap
tribunal. Question proper ot unerhical treatment
prenticesis defin
Ieis strictly illegal for one Tremere to Blood Bond anot
Such offenses are punished by deat
"I concede to iny elders the 1
Should ig be found that my apprentice is valuable to an elder's

CHAPTER: ONE

s


work. All are members of the House and Clan and valuable first
fo these precepts, | shal! abide by the right of my superiors to,
make sich decisions."

Thisis rucial to the workings of the Tremere clan..Appren-
tices regularly shaffled about different chantries, assigned
new responsibilities, and given the opportunity t0 learn new
magics. The Tremere claim this method ensures that skills and
knowledge are disseminated throughout the House. They claim
that apprenticesare given the opportunity to indulge ina variety
‘of activities: They then discover which endeavots suit them best
and which endeavors will aid the clanthe most. In actuality,
trades are usually negotiated with other goals in mind, Regents
trade apprentices among themselves (with the approval of supe-
tiors) so that they can attempt fo learn magics they do not know
and shuffle in spies to watch rivals, Sometimes a Regent will
unload'a flawed apprentice in the hope of getting a better one
Trades are often ordered from abave: Seniors sometime mix
Tremere to obtain unspecified clan goals, but more often, ap-
Prentices are traded to break alliances ot friendships tharmay be
growing between an apprentice and his master. Loyalty to House

e,and tothe Pyramid, is paramount:Friendship
works against the clan.

"T shall further che knowledge of the'House and Clan and /§
share with its membersall that | find in my search forwisdom and
power. No secrets are to be kept, of given, regarding the arts of
magic, nor shall J keep secret the doings of others which might
‘bring harm to thé House and Clan."

All members'of the clan are duty-bound to report ‘any
important information or discoveries to theit superior, In actual
Practice, Tremere are famed for the secrets they keep. Buildin
up a mental file of secrets, contacts' and:other avenues of
information is a sure way to gamer power and gain promtiotion.

‘I demand that, should I break this oath, | should be cast out
‘of the House and Clan. If Lam cast out, Task my brothers to find
and slay me that my life may not continue in degradation and
infamy

Joining the Tremere means joining forever. The initiate
swears that if she breaks her oath, or is discovered worl
against the interests of the clan in any way, she will willingly
forfeit her life: Once ordered to report to Vienna, most resigt
themselves to their fate and heed the tall. Some, however,
choose to flee, trying to escape the wrath of the Innér Council:
Labeled "outlaws," such magiare fairgamefor any other Tremere.
Although slaying an outlaw is technically permissible, it is
Preferred that she be captured alive. Afrer she is sent to Vienna,
she will Be held prisoner until he next regular meeting of the
Inner Council, when her fate will be decided. Feweifany, ever
return from Vienna, giving rise to the popular euphemism,
"called'to Vienna," used when referring to anyxanking Tremere
that has suddenly dropped out of sight without explanation.

Capturing and returning such.an outlaw results ina gain of

lan prestige commensurate with the crimes and personal power
of the outlaw


ee bei
dedink the contr

race, a
ite

NS Means thar
a te
2 thae the

ified

mb

ome if I succu

k this oath, and woe tc

rempt me to brea
h tempt

ro suc

torhe clan.
te's devotion

on of the initial

al reiteratic

A fin:

CHAPTER ONE


: CHAPTER TWO.
THE TREMERE-™
CHRONICLES

HE ORDER OF
FHERMES

THE FATEFUL
EXPERIMENT


ih

TREMERE

Discovering the lair of a Teimisce eldér, Goratrix made the
vampire captive, binding him with chains and spells, and used.
orturé and fiery magics to force the monster ro tell hin all it
knew:of vampiric life. Protaising the Tsimisce its freedom,
Goratrix fotced it co-Embrace two' of, his unsuspecting, and
unwilling, apprentices before reneging on his word and slaying
the monster. The two former apprentices, now vampires them
selves, were carried back to Goratrix's chantry, and serious
experimentation began.

A yearot more later, in 1022, Goratrix was able toiannounce
to his master, Tremere, that he had discovered the secret of the
‘vampires' iramortalityand, furthermore, had discovered a method
of indacingit among the magi ofthe covenane. Gatheting six of
bis closest followers, Tremere hutriedly sec off to the mountain
chantry of Goratrix. Preparations. for the ritual began almost
immediately, and within hours, the suffering Goratrix the Ex-
erimeater inflicted on the two captive vampire-apprentices
came to an end. The blood drained from the slaughtered pair was
prepared in the prescribed manner and, afterlengthy rituals, the

by Tremere and his seven closest followers.
otion struck them like hammers, buming their throats

with fire. When they regained consciousness, they were change
Although, as Goratrix had promised, they had gained immortal.
ity, it had been at the cost of their souls— they had become
vampires. Most were shocked by the chanige; some
like Exrius, were even horrified by what they had become, but
Tremere remained ¢alm and philosophical. It was later whis
pered amongst some of the followers that theirimaster had known
all along what the outcome would be, and that he and Goratri.
had conspired together to convert the covenant of magi into a

nese of undead vampires.

After recovering, and learning what they needed t@ know
the magi-turned.-vampiresretumed to their chantriés, vowingto
Keep their new identities adark secret. Bat rumors soon began to
spread through the Tremere chantries and the rest ofthe Order.
Hoase Tremere srolein the Schisin Wars a decade earlier, which
had caused the deaths of dozens of magi and hundreds' of
foundanes, came under new scrutiny: Some said the druidic
based House Diedne was destroyed so thatthe Tremere could get
their hands onsomething thar had helped them bring about this
change

THE ASCENSION OF
HOUSE TREMERE

Gradually, Tremere and his seven followers spread the curse

fampirism throughout the House, but internal feuds were soon
developing: Goratrix was at one extreme; pushing for full infec
ton of the House as quickly as possible; the other position was
represented by Etrius, who worried about the moral and ethical
implications of forcing vampirism upon unsuspecting victims.
The bickering turned co open argument, then ‘attacks."Etrius
particularly suffered from a series of psychic assaults launched at
him bythe openly venomous Goratrix. The stability of the entire
House was soon threatened,and Tremere was forced to call thel


seven followers to his cha utan end to their quarrels. It

forced the Blood Bond

has long been rumored th:
upon the seven at this time, rumor consistent!

s day. Blood Bonding is expressly forbidden by the
Code of Tremere. Although this council put-an end.to open
feuds, rumors of the House's activities continued
through the rest of the Order

spread
The secretive Tremere were
any things, not the least of which was Diabolism.
Tremere fervently denied the charge: Continuing to steadily
spread the Curse of vampirism through the members
covenant, the Tremere took great

ns to hide the true nature
Of their activities from their fellow magi

But others, outside the Order of Hermes, were also con
cemed about theactivities of the Tremere: The Tzimisce vampire
clan, long the nominal undead rulers of these par
Europe, had long been at odds with the Tremere magi. Now that
these wizards had embrac

S of eastern

prism, the Tzimisce feared the
Tremere would grow more powerful than they were. All
local Nosferatu and Gangrel vampires, the united undead began
staging raids against the more isolated Tremere <!

‘magi proved difficult tocapeure or kill, and quite ae
vampires or not— managed to escape. The hum:
servants, however, proved to be easy prey. R:
more often chan i ndoned: the Trem

nd them

were left
that they were unable to d P
Tremere's realm was pushed back as chantry after chantry fell t
phe relentless attacks led by the Tzimisce

The chantry of Goratrix, well
fhe mountains, held our longer.

fended and hidden hij

Alone, and under siege

indefatigable Goratrix worked feverishly in hisalche

ratory, running experimentat
npites. The |

cexperimentoncapnured

and Nosferatu v ng siege was finally broken wh

Goratrix. unleash

mnfortunate captive vampires. lnstilled with a hatn

fampires from which they were born, the. vicious Gargoyles
Pproved to be sufficient as watch dogs and guards
Tremere chantries from furure undead attacks

DIABLERIE

With his domain'once

ain stabilized, Tremere turned his

attention to the study of vampires and theie history, learnt
much about blood and the dark inheritance it carties. He had
surprised at how. powerful the eldess were compared t
other vampires; next, he learned how vampire blood weakens
from generation to generation. He uncove
powerful vampires hidde
beings so ancient that the
ingsuch

ost clues about
in secret plac nd

were called Antediluvians. L
reature and drinking its blood would
strength and power and, the magus reasoned, wou!
of vampires on anvequal fo
resolved to become an Ay

ting with
cediluvian him
Using rituals and spells, Tremere and his closes

Antediluy

Tocated the havens of several sleepin In 1133

Tremere finally chose Saulor, founder of the mysterious and.

mystical Salubri clan, as his victiin. Lightly. guarded, Saulot
st to overcome Tremere, accompa
and the elder's tomb

face, Entering, they encountered

lictle resistance and discovered the Salubri founder asleep withinv
agus. With the heavy stone cover set aside,
tated only a second efore sinking his fangsinto the

the torporous elder.-The Antediluvian put uplittle
1, on succumbing and dying with an unexpected look
smere straightened back updid
discover, to his horror, that a third eye had opened ont the

when'

ts one thar now gazed peacefully up at him:
ine spoke of whar they had seen. They quickly closed
xl fled the mountain, but the meaning of the
ce of that third eye on Saulot's forehead, and whether
d, has been a long-standing topic of

Tremere began to show a tet
imself, falling into periods of deep sleep

leave the responsibility for the administration of the ¢lan in the
hands of his séven trusted followers. Tremere had charged them,
wich guiding and shaping it i I, cokesiv
1 he structured his he lines

riods of d

a pyramid.
waking periods

sed, sometimes stretching
Left to their own devices, old tancor broke out amongst the

along old lines. The impetuous Goratrix contin-
ued to oppose the ever-cautious Etrius. Meerlinda cautioned
a

and acted as a peacekeeper between the two fac

Inorderto limit their owmconflicts, the group divided the

known world between them. Meerlinda was chosen t

adminis.
cer the British Isles, Goratrix was sent to France, and the others
were dispatched to various parts of Europe. Etrius, the caiitious
in Transylvania
uunding atea. He was to remain in the old chantry

‘one, was chosen to direct Tremere operations
and the sur
also with the safekeeping of

ce. The Council at this time

decided to hol meetings. These were held whenever
called for by events, at leasconce per year, or by the command of

AGAINST THE
INQUISITION

05, Pope Innocent III instigated the Fourth Crusade
4 movement committed to rooting out the heretic Cathars of
series
n full-blown Inquisitions,

oc. Spurred on by its success, the Church began
-ventually resulting
the Order, of Hermes were

were burned. Magi
devil, a reputation
s ofthe vampiric Tremetef

CHAPTER TWO. @ 1}


their homes blundered into the

forcing themateach other'sthroats

s bands of anarchs roamed the highteime streets and
ays, attacking humans and vampires alike, andthe nearly

and steadily growing influ:
if they could weather
n to fail them; the

avail. Belic
he fled the ch

sent to France
The Inquisi


In 1394, a meeting of clan elders was cal
have been arranged by Meerlinda, Ac this
leader, Hardestadt, first proposed a league sim

ng yeat after his castle was attacked b d

rujah Tyler, and the proposal seemed forgott

sldin thathigh, as a"Tiding} THE END OF THE ORDER

acting as a close advisor to the Ventre le
disappeared, Some

After the death of Hardestadt, the idea of a league. of b line in magic, and
vampires went nowh jore than 50 years. Elders debated d f this. Afcer all, the

every aspect of its worth or, as the anarchs say, they waited for x At supérsti

orders from their masters. The vampires did' not react unt

narchs destroyed the Trimisce Antediluvian. Onceagain, the

attempted to engineer an alliance berween theie disparate clan:

In 1450, the Toreador Rafael de Corazon finally made his far

speech, repeating over and over the Fifth Rule of the Code of

Caine, which led to the Camarilla and the Masquerade a work any of th
Despite their role in the formation of the Camarill <T f the most powerful

he clans. Stoties were told of how Tremere had he B c vampire
form the earlier, similar Order of Hermes. Ruthors spread con: ft
ceming the clan's later attempts to take over the Or were inle f wn as

when the Tremere cast the enchantment forcing the Some clai

sted sind maligned.


that @ certain change had occurted to the sleeping figute ti
Tremere. Regatdless, within the next few years, Etrius movedd

clan's headquarters torbis. own old chantry still. standing i
Vienna, where he felt be could berter protect the shumberiig
leader

THE NEW WORLD

the New Wor

postions of it held a great wealth ‘of tis. Meerlinda, working

through Dr. John Dee, encouraged British exploration of the

new lands. By the 17th century, che fist perm

arrived on the New Wotld's shores. Of English descent, these
lonists fell under. the responsibility ff

tho riled the Tremere in Spain, bad les
pain led the Eolonization drive, Toreador

and Ventrue had already take

Xavier found hiro

have never been as powerful in South Ametic:

ill, over the next 100 years, the potent

Power of the two western continents became apparent and a

reappottioning of the lities of the Tremere Councilor

became necessary. A new rank, Pontifex, was created, falling

between Councilor and High Lord. The Councilors themselves

were given vast territories fo manage— ih some <ases, entire

continents. North America was given to Meerlinda. At first

viewed by some of het peers as an outcast exiled tc

Europe was divided into the Eastland! West, with responsi
bilities given to Etrius and Grimgroth, respectively. Others were
sent to South' America, Notth Affica, the Middle Eastand Asia
Acche same time, the Councilors changed their formal meeting

from an annual event to one that took place only once every ten

THE RETURN OF
GORATRIX

By the mid-18th century, it was noticed that'a number of
younger Trémére hadinexplicably gone missing. Only through
diligent effore was it learned that Goratrix, hidden deep in the
sd:with the Sabbat and
ns. He isthe head of his

ors to Sabbat leaders in both che
Oldand New Worlds. Since the discovery of House Goratrix,the
Tremere Councilors, led by Tremere himself, have branded the'
followers of Goratrix with a sigil niarked on their foreheads,
teadily vi


RECENT
DEVELOPMENTS

FLOATING
RUMORS

CHAPTER TW


CHAPTER" THREE:
INSIDE THE2*,
TREMERE

MBSTRUCTURE

INTERNAL STRUCTURE
B—THE GREAT


@ CLANBOOK:

TREMERE

who dwell in their chantry often enjoy nearly as much
influence and power as the Regent himself

REGENT

Regents tule individual chantries."They are responsible
the activities of all apprentices dwelling within a specific are
surrounding the chantry. This area is known'as.a Province
Almost any lange city will have at least one chantry) and often

Regents are required to formally méet with their Lords at
their Lord's chantry, once' year.

LORD

A Regent who has attained the Seventh Levels eligible fot
the rank of Lord, sometimes referred to as High Regent. A Lond
usually ands a numbet of chantries and is responsible for
¢ actions-of all Tremere within. this area, called a Realm,
Realms can be defined geographically, such as small portions of
#€ countries or even small continents. Other Realms may be
concemed with such matters as industry, commerce of govern:
ment. These are not necessarily restricted to a certain territory
Alehough frequently in contact with their Pontifex master,
Lords are required to formally meet with theic superi
very three Years at the Pontifex's chantry

PONTIFEX

Forcynine Tremere vampires hold' the title of Pontifex

Each is either responsible for a-vast geographical territory of
concerned with the monitdring and manipulation of a certain

segment of government, industry, religion or another sphere of
ce. Theif areas of responsibility are called Ordets. There
are seven Pontifices in North America: Five are responsible for
cographical territories, and 6f the remaining two, one is
ble for political concems, while the other affects
Sate required to travel to ithe chantry of their
-€ every seven years t0 pay formal obeisance and
discus farure plans

COUNCILOR

The lnnér Council of Seven ismadeup of someof Tremere's
oldest followers. Among them are some of the firkt magi to
become vampires.,Each Councilor is responsible for a. vast
geographic area, offen an entire continent, including all com.
Merce and politics within the region. Supposedly, chey are in
constant telepathic contact with one another, but the truth is
unknoivn

The InnerCouncil meets formally once éveryten years, The

ation is always the ancient Tremere chantry of Etrius in
Vienna, Austria

ADVANCEMENT
Promotion through the Seven Mysteries ofeach rank is more
patter of clan prestige than magical proficiency, fforts that bring.
rewards tothe clan are highly valued, and gaining higherranks call


ast ewodther ranking magi. The candidate's
cussed; and'a personal interview is usually
F conducted. A candidate awarded: promotion ‘passes through a
shor, formal initiation rite and recetvesa medallion identifying his
tank. The medallion is worn on formal occasions or as the magus
chooses, aind the namies'of the those awarding-the rank are
ly interwoven into the medallion's design
Advancement through the Seven Circles of any rank can
sometimes be accomplished quickly, depending upon the ill
and cuinning of the individual, bur promotion to a higher rank
can take longer. Although an apprentice of the Seventh Circle
may be technically: qualified for promotion, it may be yeai
before the opportunity:to take Over a chantry is available. A
potential Regent might receive permission ¢o establish a new
chantry, but itis more likely thac he will have to wait
the Regents to die or be promoted to Lotd. In a hierarchy
Populated with immorcals, openings only appear infrequently,
and potential candidates are often bitter rivals for these pos
tons, Jockeying for position is all-important, and a thoroug
gp of intemal clan politics is 2 must. Expostte of pase ta
ressions isa favorite means used by candidates to disqualify each
other. Trickery of thissort isadmired, but such tactics must never
be allowed to. endanger.the clan. Those caught fabricating
onceuths, of inany way risking elas: unity, are severely punished
Competition among Lords and Pontifices is even. more
Bierce, Although unproved, there isa common rumor amongthe
entices that the elders indulge in-2 form of wizard's duel
tame." Regardless of whether this is truc, a Regent
Who has lost his position as head of a chanery is usually allowe
toreturn tonon-Regentstacus. Those who lose higher}
gain,giving rise to the whi
led to Vienna," used when speaking of ara
suddenly and mysteriously disappeared.

More than any other clan, the Tremere have enmeshed
fe themselves in the world of the herd. Through a carefully struc
fired network of chantries spanning the globe, the Trem:
fxert control over the spheres of commerce, business, politics
Andreligion, wsittg chem to fulfil the ends of the Camarilla, and

} of course, the needs of the' Tremere themselves.

A NORTH AMERICAN
EXAMPLE

The North American continent, excluding Mexico, is un:
the

Tremere

ished early on in

North


fand distinct from the European countries that colonised therm,

and assigned to individual councilors. These assignments were

jewed as formsof banishment, buethe rapid growth

iculatly North America— has brought

mene amount of power to those who control them.

Meedlinda makes her main headquarters in Dallas, Texas,

but she has travelled across the continent. She'has also begun

spendingagreat deal of time in Europe. Allowed seven Pontifices,

she divided her territory into seven Orders. Five are territorial:

the Eastern'and Western Ordets of Canada and the Easter,

Cenrral and Western C c United Stares. Commerce,

trade and bus asia fourth Order while the
directors of politics and religion formed the fifth.

These lattertwo Ordershave no territorial boundaries, and

rablish'chantries wherever the Tremere agree they

sd. Although chantry cooperation is a basic rule of the

re, their naturally compet makes this com:

a single area a

Pontifices are expected to resolve their own problems, butoften
need to'¢all upon their cot for arbitration.

Toad to this confusion, territorial Pontifices are encour

aged to establish: what are known. a "mission. chantries"

antries located outside theirown geographic territories: These

mission chantriesare accorded a special set of rights and regula.

sulted in additional dispuces, the elders have encouraged the

AGeRe

Eastern Europe are nearly beyond coniprehension:

Shah

Each Pontifex commands seven Lords, Lords of the geo:
graphic Orders command specifically demarcated areas. InNorth

rica, these usually cover several states, Non-tertitorial Or-
ders assign their Lords responsibilities asthe ruling Pontifex sees
fit, frequently altering them to reflect. the changing tides of
government and business.

AMERICA'S PONTIFICES

and expansion were rapid, che unforeseen increase in long:

Ps politics has shifted the balance
of power into the hands of the two Tremere controlling business
and government: John ‘Diamond and Peter Dorfinan, respec

The failureof Canada to develop along the lines of the US.
led to the decision to remove control of the Canadian gover

ment from Dorfman and transfer: joint contfol to the two;

ANBOOK: TREMERE


mnadian Pontifices. They are, however, expected to-cooperate
fully with the demands of che much.

tial U.S. government. The twohave, so
eo acquiesce on

JOHN DIAMOND:

Diamond is probably ché most powerful Ametican-bom
Tremere: He received the Embrace ditecrly from the hands of
Meerlinda shortly after her arrival in America
Marblehead, Ma
ard" often called upon by people ia the town to solve mysteries
and petty crimes. Heonce used hispowers to force a man accused
of te

re powerful and influen-
f,showed a willingness
nearly all major issu

A-native'o
ichusetts; Dimond was a well-known "wi

ing a widow's firewood towalk around the rown all night
carrying a huge log. When storms came, Diamond would climb
to the top of old Burying Hill and, alternately muttering to the
headstones and: bellowing at the sky, direct the boots of
Marblchead's fishing fleet to safe harbor. Meerlinda realized his
potential; soughr him-our, and brought him into the clan
Diamond is in charge of North American industry and
commerce and dwells inachantryin Bridgeport, Connecticut
as close to the New York Stock Exchange ashe feels he can get.
Rumor has it, however, that he frequently visits New York City
despite its Sabbat controllers.
Long envied by other North American Pontifices — who
-w him as Meerlinda's pet— he has been under fire in recent
years, due partially toa constantly sluggish American éconon
amond claims he isstill unable to pen
bscuring the real power behind Ja
ubsequ
Diamond's network is divided into seven categories of
industryand manufacture, with various chantricescatteredabout
thecontinent. He hashad particular problemsin the last
with the many new chantries established on the West Coast
Pechaps influenced by anarchs; the Lords rule over such respon:
ibilitiesas the aerospace industry, computer companies,
industries. These rulers are dif
fhamage. Cross-country travel is difficult, and the more isolated
Lords tend to follow theit own paths. Diamond has repeatedly
B requested aid from the Western U.S. Pontifex, Abe Powell, who
lives in the state capital of Sacramento, but Powell claims his
hands are tied. He claims strorig influence in the agricultural
central valley, but has trouble controll
including Los Angeles andSan Francisco

PETER DORFMAN

Dorfman keeps hischantry in Washington, D.C., theseatof
the US: government, where he exerts his influence over politi
Gans, media and the like. Controlling the strings of the federal
government, he has powerful control over even global affairs,
and his superior, Meerlinda, has been told by the Innet Council
okeepa careful warch over him. Dotfman's chief rival is Powell
Pontifex of the Westem United States. Powell's headqu:
tein Sacramento, Califotnia. Territorial Ponkifices are awarded
the right'to control state and local governments. Powell has

fe the corporate veils
's sudden growth and the
i weakening of the U.S. economy

cades

ie the coastal are

irect control over the government of California— a state with

entire U.S.—and he
al with in the past. Again,
ence h:

THE CHANTRY.

been blamed

America,
ntyand

aRegent. Usually, only the Re;
actually live in thechanery
theirown residences. Thete

are, of course, numer A chantry is

Rules of lity nd ch

provide

haven— even sanctuary— to Tremere from outside

hospi

rge mans closed in. com

small apartment buildings, ren:
in fit the chantry's needs

Once established, a chant

usual problems associated wit

the Tremere must also 1 inagie
hantries hav entutie
as many as three
ory space isoften

located in basem: s, from the sight

f trespassers.
re assigned todifferent magiand

ing them as such. One is not
vests relinquish
ways possible

ries to adjoin their living

RECRUITING
APPRENTICES

bound by the clan's code and may Embrace
1" when specifically allowed

tradi:

the magus's supe
— extra-normal powers— the Tremere are

thout any hint of
whether they. wis to become
upon personal

size the clan as the individual'


TREMERE LAW AND POLITICAL AND
UNDERGROUND
ORDERS

THE TRIBUNAL


‘Of course, beinga member of an internal
it certain: responsibilities and duties that fare likely to pose

problems at one time or another

TRADITIONAUSTS AND
TRANSITIONALISTS

These two groups are the major political factions
clan, The Traditionaliscs ive and still prace
tice the dark rituals the clan began many centuries ago. The
Transitionalists are more liber:
rituals a

hinthe
© More Conserv.

aand support the use of new
ul the élimination of many of the older, "less useful
‘ones. The Tradlitionalists oppose the elevation of any Tremere
who does not follow the slow, plodding route up the pyracnid
while che: Transitionalists believe ingenuity and exceptic
effort should be rewarded.

Although both orders are nominally secret, there
Tremere who donot know who they are and what they believe.
Prominent members of either party ate well-known throughout
the clan. Although they, bothy make use of secret signs: of
Fecognition, these two parties operate fairly openly, form:
voting blocs, canvassing supporters, etc. It is believed that
many as one-third of all Tremere have sworn all
party ot the other.

Merabership in either group increases clan prestige; strong
allies are made, and equally strong rivalries are created. Al-
though both parties' oaths of allegiance require lifetime
membership, in practice, magi are allowed to quit either faction
f they no longer support it. Unlike most internal orders, mem:

ate not necessarily
secret orders,

SECRET ORDERS

The remainingonders operate underground,
bership, goals; methods and secrets

arred from joining one of these two

re kept carefully guarded
Brom the pryingéeyesand ears of oursiders, The existence of these
Prarious orders, howéver, are widely known, though their ain
goals are often misunderstood. Most Tremere appr
Will have heatd Of mosc or all of them'ar one time or an

An apprentice or other magusinterested in joining one of
these groups only needs to-tet his"interest be known to'a few
friends. Word travels fast, and the potential candidate is; a¢ a
later dace, quietly contacted by. a representative of the order.
This magus cirefully feels our the candidate, judging the
Apprentice's intent and personality Before letting his crue pur
prose be known and inviting the candidate xo apply for
membership.

Underground orders always require the initiate to swea
Gath' of allegiance— an ecemnal: commitment to. the orde
sools— and almostall forbid membership in other underground
‘orders. Despite these prohibitions, a good number of Tremere
Ihave managed toibecome members of more than orie order

B Benaltes for breaking thisestriction vary from case to case, but
fxpubsion from the crder is stand
Extracted later.

d. Other penalties may be

lothing or modeled into

the clan, though
odds with one another. Other
than the p hilosophy and basic goals

the onders themse
of the order,
initiates typic tle about its actual membership
the Tre

ting in much the sanie manner as
f, members are told only what they need t

BROTHERS

en ined member der regularl
partake ug-laced liquid that brings on a deep sleep

while produ 4, dream-like hallucinations. Some claim
thers make m res through other worlds; others

y merely € selves. The Brothers

experience the of the fluid

nitiation into the order. Once
is ready for induction. An
the liquid ntoa deep
ese present them
the candidate must repeat

this informarion to his isable to prove that he wa

¢ is rejected, and all contact with him is

Icisnimored that the detare addicted tothe

green liquid and spend aln time asleep and dreaming,
sand direct their actions
scuss theirbusiness

of the Traditionalists, this

the computers


Claiming char these machines make the mind lazy, the Guard-

fans are sure that too heavy a reliance on these devices will

weaken the clan, eventually bringing its doom

They actively campaign against technological expansion

F and have been suspected of o«

in am effort to' prove their theories. In. fact, a good many

naturally-occurring breakdowns have been unfaitly laid om the
ichas been established that the
apable of conjuring spirits that, when released
into.a computersystem, wreak havoc with data base
them and subtly altering data as the
maliciously invalidat

Guardians' doorstep. Regardles
Guardians are
inhabiting
uspecting magus works,
g research and derailing projects

There is even an extreme faction of this group, extremely
racist and misogynistic in outlook, that opposes Embracing
anyone who does not measure up to its twisted standards. While
few members of the Guardians have much power, some fear that
this super-elite is made up of Lords and one of two Pont

Orber OF THE NaturIsTs

This order embraces druidic principles, claiming that even
the Tremere are part of the great scheme of nature and must
recognize their place within this scheme. They are said't
worship, orat least revere, sacred tree bough of inestimable age.
The rumored leader of this order is Lord over several
‘chantries in the country of Ireland. Although this magus denies
any connection with th itis known that he was among
ain covenant of House Dedne alter
ed in the Schism Wars of 1003-1012. This war as
rosecuted by the allied Houses of Tremere and Flambeau, and
fichas since been rumored that the whole igated by
the Tremere, who merely wanted (0 get their hands on spec
information held by the Diedne. Though inproved, this knowl-
edge supposedly ledtothe conversion of the Tremere to vampires.
Members of this onder are believed tohave knowledge of old
fruidic magics, inch

those who first looted the
je was destro

fair was

iding communicating with animals, creating
arms of locusts, and altering weather. They are said to have
lose contacts in the faerie world
While they would seem to be outside the norm of Tremere
‘magic, no one dares move
membershave gotten in troub

ainst them. On two occasions when

the Inner Council haspardoned
them. Some whisper that the Naturists protect some great secret
from ancient times, and otherssay that they hold the sectet roall
‘Tremere immortality

Humanus LEAGUE

Ostensibly, this group isdedicated to close cooper
the mundanes and even consideration for the goals an
the human tace. They speak of the need for humans in this world,
and how it is the duty of vampires, and especially the Tremere,
to manage thein well

Many say thatthe League's true aims to discovera path that
will eventually lead them back to full mortality. They are said
claim a kinship with an elusive figure
who has cropped up all « the last several centuries.

elusive St. Gera
Europ

@ CLANBOOK: TREMERE

He isthoughtbysome to be an elder Tremere who has discovered
a way to at least partially escape thé curse of vanipirism

Initiates must prove their "love" for sormal humans bf
demonstrating good deeds, lives saved, disasters avoided, et
Some sy that to become a member, one must swe
drinking of hisman blood, feeding only from animals there
Others claim thatonly higher levels within the League's hierar:
chy require such sacrifice.

‘The Humaniss League is believed to have developed magics
imparting a partial ability to withstand exposure to sunlight,
‘Well as'methods to aid in quelling the Hunger and subduing the
Beast. In. fact, at least a few members of the League have
‘advocated the possibility ofhelping all other vampires to become
mortals again, leaving the Tremere torule the world unopposed.

CHILDREN OF THE PYRAMID

The Children of the Pyramid haye carried the allegoryof the
‘Tremere pyramid to POCaEe Revering the form almost as some
would worship a god, they n the Pyramid, highly respected
for so long a time, has attained an actual spiritual reality. The
Children tie personal spiritual achievement directly to one's
standing within the Tremere pyramidal hierarchy. Followers
preach 2 Puritan-like work ethic designed, they say, to help
Promote one's own interests, as well as the interests of the
Tremere clan in general.

The Children hold great store in af aficient tome, The
Travels of Fedoso, written long ago by a magus of the Order of
Hermes. They intetpret Fedoso's climb to'a mountaintop as an
allegory for attainment within the hierarchical pyramid. Ini-
thates are expected to be able to quote freely from this book, and
certain passages and events must be committed to. memory
Passing this first test is essential to membership in the order
Once in the order, hard work isthe only path to inereasing one's
station. If noxinvolyed working directly for the clan, one should.
cobtact one's supe within the order and be assigned a task.
Those capable of finding and completing their own tasks are
‘especially favored by the order. Initiates, once they have assured
the order of thei good intentions, are encouraged to seck out
new members and enlist them to help the initiate perform tasks,
thereby broadening the base of the order's pyramid.
ing oneself to the next level.

id promot-

Specific magicks known to this orderare few. They prefer to
work through normal channels to attain their goals. Ieis claimed
that new membets often receive better House tasks and assign:
ments, allowing for faster gains in prestige and rank. Few doubt
that clan leaders promote this society, but its membership seems
limited to apprentices and Regents

ItuMINATED BROTHERHOOD
‘Somerimes called Seekers, the members of this ordet believe:
d "the Old Ones." These
Old Ones are supposed co have been ancient beings of immense
power, last

inan ancient legend about those c

nun to.our world.as the gods of ancient Egypt and
Greece: The Brotherhood believes these Old Ones will someday


return torule the world, though they may require the aid of some
of their followers

Most disbelieve the claims of this o
that the
toprofit from theapproaching Gehenna. Someeven say th
traitorsto House Tremereand the Masquerade who inten
‘out both of them our when the timeis right. These accusers point
to ties between the Brotherhood andthe Arcanum, and
‘one member of the Brotherhood used to be part of the Arcanum

THe GOLDEN Pati OF HARMONY

This order seeks to quell strife within the clan. Members,
discovering disputes, are expected to act as arbitrators, find
compromises and soothing ruffled feathers. They are a somewhat
innocuous. group that preaches belief in brotherhood and
cooperation. Members are supposedly chosen for theit cool
heads and disinterested attitudes,

The ‘worst rumors elaim the Order is
recruiters ftom House Gorateix,
denice to support'such a charge. Som.
order practices magics that subtly control the emotionsof oth
and that over a long period of time, their spells can actually be
used to turn someone against the House and the Masquerade

Tre Etre

This organization is tighdy-knie and very secretive. The
elieve completely in the superiority of the Tremere vampire
lan and are convinced thatthe other clansplotto destroy them,
er distaste for vampires of other bloodlines i on a level with
the worst human racism. They an ate the destruc
tion of the Salubri elder under the fangs ofthe magus, Tremere
and promote the idea that other clans should be dealt with in
similar way
Following direction from the mysterioush
members secretly work against the goals of
ixposing thems, uncovering their lits, and feeding
fisthe Inquisition and other vampice hunters. Leis

loner operates secret gangs of vampire hunters who actu
E discover and. desttoy vampires of the Camarilla: This is,
course, denied, and defenders of the onder are quick to point out

that even if this were true, the further numors of diableri¢ would
be totally out of ie quest
The Eliteare believed to have secretly developed a number

(Gf magicks to aid theny in-hunting down and destroying oche

impires, inching medallions chatcan crack steeping vampires
and spectally preparedstakes capable of killing. They also s
have ties to the Inquisidon and often use the Church aga
their foes, even those within the clan

THe AsTors

Supposedly seuin'motion by the Inner Council, this ultra
secret group is believed to be charged with the responsibility of
ferreting out traitors and spies within the clan, Like an Inguisi-
tion, they operate free from the restrictions of tribunals and other
Tegal apparatus, answering only to Tremere and the Inner Cox


The Inquisition reéruits its membe
fanks, choosing only those
responsibility. Absolute secrecy is
expected to be able to answ

without revealing his activities to anyon

Eve OF THE SERPENT
Thi ne of the more secretive
the v
revere the form
wisdom. Their secre

become members
with the Followe
defenders

like abilities. Adepts are
motionless with their g

poisonous serpent

ORDER OF THI

Isbelieved tobe d '
"Abd al-Azrad." His book post

ndering deserts and

h that one sh

(OF prepare to face a doom
Ie is believed that the

the ALAzif, gained access to

the clan. F

that are ne

THe ORDER OF QuAESIFORI
‘Some believ theQ wri were bans
Council and are now li laws

lished whether the Quaes

32 @ CLANBOQOK: TREMERE

rd as a symbol of

wught that.


They act as indepen J executioners, eliminating

Tremere magi their s ged unfit to hold their
positions. They
all efforts have t

original Quaesitori were members of spec with
thefall ofthe Ord
some of the Quaesitori were subsumed
ial Quaesitor

the Quae
Code of Hermes, which tl

An initiate pledgesasp
the Orderand
in the best tradie
Code of Tremere. Joining the Orderof Quacs
forbidden. V of the Order

results in a death sentence judged against the

jolation of an ® principles

Allsorts of rumors fly conceming the Quaesitor, including

Operating above
suspected Quaesitor is immediately sent to Vienna
efore the Inner Council

ration, Inc
and outside the law of the Tremere, any

‘Small in number, and trusted
found it necessary to provide
ians, slaves and serv

5. The Gargoyles created in the M

‘Ages are only one example of Tremere handiwork

EON ES

iginally created to serve as guatdi
ies, and they served their fi nirab

Many centuties. The first Gargoyle was re

reated vampire. Analchemic

Vielded the first of these m Told

vle began feedi
ward the Tremere. The new
Fine with the dog- like loyalty shown to the
After centuries, however, the Gan
vnrelentingly harsh treat

Know

Waited for an opportunity t

‘nt shown to them
g that they would have an element of

strike back. The fir
nearly all hen

against a Treinere chantry left
Bounded. Like wildfire, a general Gai

icks, or hid out singly in large
Many rumors ha told
ce that time, not the least off

npires, often serv "muscle," for the Tremere

HOMUNC UL

wored companion of wizards, the Tremere
blood and flesh to make its

rust add a small portion of his

t from ever regenerating.

Je small animals of various types. Made

s, they are bound to their masters
Homunculi are vampiric, but
through a nipple that is

sucked. Homune

prefer to stay close to theit

feed.

munculi often serve as
re than tion, roaming the laboratories of a
Their d cunning create a never-ending series
i feel a kinship roward these small

nd tolerate them as best they can.
semi-intelligent, homunculi: make good
s. They report hack to their 1

asters, squeak

y the 9d nagus shares an
empathic relationship wit nunculi and can sense when
+ if it i injure
r hear what hi

r killed. The magus can not

munculus senses, although it is

rumore rider this a possibility

1m the seventh-level Protean Discipline of the
e. Although the

magus's desires, there are fo

THE FLYER

f aggravated dam:

mmonty used

winged creature with
Some resemble the larger
k and nimble, moving

Some are rumored to,

nslucent white skin.

THRE @ 33


through all but the handest soil. Slugs make excellent spies: The
head of the creature usually resembles the face of the magus who
created it

THE HOPPER

These tiny homunculi. are usually no larger than 2 larg
jouse oF small rat. Equipped with large, staring eyes and oppes.
‘able thumbs, these fur-covered creatures resemble long-fanged
tarsiers or marmosets. Again, the face of a hopper often resembles
that ofits maker.

THE DEMON-BOUND

Demon-bound are created by fusing malignant spirit —or
demon— into the body of a normal human. The host body
must be first rid ofits human soul, which is normally driven out
by slow corture. This process, incidentally, also c
enticing "home" for the spirit. The spirit must be ¢

ates.a more
led, then

ured into the corpse, at which time the magus must quickly seal

the host body with magical signs. Once sealed in the
Spirit remains within until freed by the ma
is inadvertently destroyed.

spse, the

oruntil the corpse

‘A demon-bound corpse at first appears human, but the skin
is too smooth, too glowing, and far too warm to the touch. The
eyesare the moststartling: tw: corbs, lackingboth
pupil and iris.

4 @ CLANBOOK: TREMERE

Demon-bound are used as servants, slayes and guardians.

Although they never speak, they are capable of following even
complex directions. Behind their impassive faces, there lurks

great intelligence— or consciousness. Three of four times as
nding that
frail-human bodies can be damaged or destroyed. Some are

strong as humans, they can accomplish tasks so dem

rushed by the very weight the demon-bound is capable of
lifting

The most common demise isby fire. Demon-hound corpses
are normally quite warm, several degrees higher than normal
huntan temperature. This heat increases with their activity and,
if the creature s not allowed to periodically rest and cool down,
of heat where the very
stoboil, then smolder, while
the interior is reduced to ashes by incineration, Final combustion

the body eventually teaches a degre
corpse containing thedemon b

demon-bound can set fire to anyone or anything nearby:
Such an event, orany massive damage inflicted upon the corpse
containing such a spirit, allows the spirit to escape.

Althiough the spirits seem to desire their freedom, they have,
never been known to purposely destroy a corpse in an effort 0
‘escape. The thought process of these creatures are probably not
sufficient to foresee such possibilities.


CORPSE MINIONS

resurrected after death. Al
e minion reta
human existence, and most of its reasoning power ss we

acking. Des
agonized existence, few seem to find t

their willpower is totally fe what seems to
urge two destr
selves. Perhaps they realize that their masters
Nor all serve merely as servants. Many professors, scholars
and others have been resurrected by Tremere and used
would allow them to initiate any ideas of th

search. M:

from years of specialized research. It is said that some of the

¥ serve as walking libraries of inforn

‘oldest and most powerful of Tremere possess the remains of
ancient scholars and others. Sometimes these remains are né
more than skulls and bone fragments imprisoning living s
‘The souls spend their existence sealed

dark urns, only occasionally visited by a magus in search of an
answer to a specific question

THAUMATURGY

THE PATHS

Unique vampiric Disciplines, Thaumarurgy

nixes ancient 1 ¢ incredible potency of vampiric
blood. While the Paths this amalgamation can take are almost
without end, this unholy combination places severe restrictions
n the power of any one Path

Blood magic illustrates the nature of Thaumaturgy, and it
mere learn. Indeed, it is so basic that most

he first Pathall
Tremere stop thinking: ‘ditas the

f the Discipline. The

essence le powers of
thers and one's self
thods of attack. Some

percept manipulate
apprentice: s the Tremere doctrine for

defeating f spying, taking advan:

tage of the enemy's weaknesses as well as one's own strength

‘using the enemy's strength against him, and then launching

attack.
OF course, not all Paths follow this format, but you
that when they have learned all the

Tremere like to fantas

powers of all the Paths (as they imagine their elders have), they
point, they plod lor
advancing the least little bit

studying and practicing for years before

Whar these neonates do not realize is that the number of
Pathsis not fixed. New ones can he developedand expanded for

Mt

CHAPTER THREE @


Some Tremere h.
the source of their
n Quintessence t
1m within themselves. Ritu
and vampires

characters to create
cirtime and energy

character have a aturgy Five, spend 10 experience

points for the fi vv Path and then spend (current

ways be ready to make on
we Path of Magical Re

round the limits of Thaumarurgy through
b x they can
ich Path and.

= CA 4
CLANBQOK: TREMERE


Thus, when a seventh:
Jevel of Thaumaturgy, he «
Path, but can cast sixth-level rituals. M
dia huge number of ritu:
can éreate still more

While many of these rituals hav

F cused, useful onl

Keep in mind, however, that rituals do take time to learn.
Asarule of thumb, alevel one ritual can be learned week
alevel two ritual can b alevel three
ritual will require about ehree (approximately the
Tength ofa season). A fourth level ritual usually takes about half
mn, and a fifth level ritual will take at

year to | st a year.

Storytellers may feel free co adjust this, tak

$f four and knowle

stharacter must have

Jogon the ritual, Alche

6 The Vampire Players G

its power fequite a certain alig

the planets, a ra igerous ingredient or the wil

member that especially f
Tose Humanity
Swallow a group of I
Hnnocent.

Finally, the Storyte

uisitors requires the lif

tharacter can do with a
automatically once the v
Eonditions, a Storyreller is certainly within
the character make an Intelligence + Ocul
While the ritual may not require a roll
instance, if the ritual allowed the character t.
mies, he might have toroll Perception + Mummy Lore (difficulty

Devery time he tried to dk

TREMERE
RITUALS

LEVEL ONE

SCENT OF THE GAROU'S
PASSING

E ng a strange herbal mixture containing milkweed,

me other more noisome materials, a Kindred
smell on a Perception +
ty of the: werewolf's Willpower)

st actually be able to smell the werew

This ritual lasts for one scene

LEVEL TWO
THE OPEN PASSAGE

ge ona cell wall, she (and:

th the wall for the next
mld still retain its ability to hold up the
taped to it, and it would continue

LEVEL THREE
RUTOR'S HANDS

aggravated damage, though these

hen works the ritual, which will
ceaboutand serve its owner

of the hand, and

hand make

ovides both sight
useful spy or messenger, and a

as mi these as he likes (as long as he
handsai ). Eac

ne must abs

matter where this

LEVEL FOUR
SOUL OF THE HOMUNCUL

animation mpire's bidding. It is

pire, much, It beary

CHAPTER THREE @& 37)


each version. Homunculi are furthe

chapter
LEVEL FIVE
UMBRAL WALK

There are innumer
plane, where creat

TREMERE AND
THE WORLD

THE MUNDANES

al power
it. We are theit

ANUM

information, they
form. They have

THE INQUISITION

angerous s who f wledge and achievement.
butthey

THE CAMARILLA
A blessing bestowed on the Kindred by the wisest amongus.

rerade, we can all achieve our own
in peace

THE INCONNU

That shadowy group of Kindred who pose be-
hind the J ritual quest in order to
ominance. Trustnot their

ir deeds. They would destroy us, ifthey had

THE SABBAT
We have always stood against them. They would
overthrowing the

ten co

ff THE CLANS

Jonge == ASSAMITES
\


BRUJAH
Retell

keep then

FOLLOWERS OF SET
on the
religion. No m:
‘not infilerated us and made the entir
reverse is closer to the truth.

GANGREL ar down the only
Admire their howould listen
s. They

nise them anything,

GIOVANNI

GHOSTS

ime Easily manipulated, if p

MALKAVIAN
At times entertaining, but gene
ch mem

ast in all its horror, They

climinated as
ant within a feint

NOSFERATU

ugh @ useful ¢

nied allegiance to
SALUBRI a ae = being pial and emotionally bound
Destroy any you encounter

GOLCONDA
TOREADOR

A fabrication of the sinister Inconnu, and nothing more
Flattery and re

HAPTER THREE @


beititid
=


REVIE

VAMPIRE: The Masquerade

Name: Nature: Architect
Player: Demeanor: Child
Chronicle: Concept: Nexus

Physical
Strength___"__@0000000 Charisma
Dexterity 00000 Manipulation
Stamina @@000000 — Appearance__

——
el

Talents

Skills
Ken,

Acting _ 000000
Alertness Drive_ 00000000
Etiquette___e0000000
00000000 Firearms 00000000
10000000 — Melee 00000000
e00e00000 = Music_ 0000000
Intimidation. 00000000 Repair. 00000000
Leadershi 00000000 _— Security__00000000
Streetwise 00000000 Stealth. 0000000
Subterfu —00000000  Survival____00000000
—.
Disciplines
00000000
Dominate____o0000000
Thaumaturgyeeeccc00 00000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000

5080 ss Ateaieaites Saana>_w 0

Abilities = rer 0s>

en 40 Gee
SS 0

Sire:
Generation: tith
Haven:

Mental

Perception.
Intelligenc
Wits_

Knowledge
Bureaucracy___00000000
Computer #000000
Finance 00000000

Investigation,

0000000
0000000

#000000
00000000
0000000

Science

Virtues
science.

Self-Control

Humanity
eeeeeceeen

Willpower
@eeeeen000
0000000
seoceecs, OOOOOOOo000
cooocoee
o0000000 ane
; 00000000 Bi !

00000000
00000000

o000000000
oooo0000000

Abilities:13/9/5 Disciplines} Backgrounds:5. Virtues:7

Attributes

Bruised o

Q

Qo
Wounded 2 0
Mailed 2 0
Crippled «5 0
Incapacitated =O

Weakness —~-
ONE STEP TOWARD CLAN
BLOOD BOND

Freebie Points:15 (7/

=Sj Ta


APPENDIX;.
THE TREMERE,™
HIERARCHY

Butthe abominable
sorcerers, and idolators
lake which bremeth with

The King James Bible, Revelat

Unlike many:or mast clans, clan members and outsiders TREMERE
slike know the identities and locations of the Tremere leaders

¢ rigid structure of the clan makes such identification pos ‘agg: Ses ee eis ds
ible. The leaders hide in chantries chat are difficult ro move,an phe rashes ae
their general whereaboutsare common knowledge among thote "ahha Sh ie ee ey
tinder them T cd andforebs aid that no move ismadk

fearsome undead knowin
When the initial reorganization of the House -began—

shortlyafter the transformation of Tremere andhisseventollow. ; wer me eRe

graphic realm asa responsibility. Once established in their
Realms, they were expected to: carefully speead va
throughout House Treaere, while atthe same time hiding their
ttue natures from the general populace and othet magi. Orig
but with the discovery of the New. World, the need for a ‘ ,

Teapportioning became: obvious, The Inner Councilors were

state that the

given huge geographic areas to develop— entire co
quent void, Since then, ¢ ki


ETRIUS

Of Swedish descent,
followers, and
ofthe Order of

mentor, Etrius willing

along with the others, imbibed the mixture
loathing and terror he e

's greatest accomplish

1e Camarilla. He was the T

wancils on the subject and, advised!

ofthe Sabbat. Both we
Ts

des when Tremete

GRIMGROTH
se Grimgroth is responsible for most of Western,
Australia, Not an original
place the renegade Goratrix after
ginal Realm was France and the
‘panded to all of Western


MEERLINDA
Mee
and she

inda is a member
red the experienice
intoa vampire
a her

instrumental in the early f

most of her efforts were disguise
observers among the Kin
behind her placid exterior
duties were drastically altered
great reapportionme:
undeveloped North
thoughcof.as.a

nity to help develop this
of

Her critics hi
Tremere have sufered in New £
the Boss.
femiasbesttuence Mc ind

likel

Inner Circle mo
than once, she h

J to-make use of

XAVIER DE CINC \e)

1m Britain to,
hheadquar
ieanccontinent,

n nor without
towhat Meetings mmplished

inche North, andliseny sevand the

8, but not as much as the
n Rain

seen or identified, Xavier is

the Ama

te and thar itis watching him. The present wh

ided Xavier in this
eel have

remete. He has allies 1
say, the mages. Indicators of
othing todo,

bes

which have
Tremere have whispe

ate thirties,

amarill, hou
Eres. The wiser

Tremere, and

further her own


ABETORIUS

Abetorius was

ing in diablerie
ce forced to flee to
Constantinople, where they dwe day. While they were
instrumental in whacthey call Trem
A ssamites unable to drink Kindred vite
Js. Of course,no
one believes the rumors that someone more powerful has:

how Abetorius has managed to remain on the Inner C

TREMERE

THOMAS WYNCHAM

Wyncham, a Britishee by birch; is respon

Asian Realm, the other halfof the pincer plan imy

ago. Alchough measurably more success
s attempts, results fell far short of

mneis really sure what the esultshave

morethana century ago. Wj art, because
Of the heavy British presence then control area, While
making his home in Hong Kong, Wyncham spends most of his
time "in-country" and probably knows more about the mysteri
‘ous Eastern vampiresthan anyone else. What he knows, however,


ELAINE DE CALINOT

This 15th century French

si ft who showed magi

but now appears

us existence in.a chantry
have disappeared in a

le, vanished

APPENDIX. @


healer, St. Germain later

he was givena residenceand

he painted oils, repaired
J violinist.

yan extended life

x that he was

Fermain would

Charles

nna foretelling the

red before the leaders

GORATRIX

This Sabbat Tremere was of the Inner C
Seven and a most

with the

fore the Council fora hearing, Goratrix pan:
He later collaborated with the now active and
in Eastem Europe. Rumor has it that he
af influential the sect and is steadily
House Gorattix.

ST. GERMAIN

Litle is known about the enigmatic (
though there are many; theories. He was m
suddenly cropped u Acimes,
asthe Count Rakoesi exiled native Tra
at other times he masquera ilegitimare
union between the promiscuous Quee

Mateucci. Some members of the ¢

‘original InnerCircle Council

he isa free agent working
heissomethingotherthana Trex

@ CLANBQOK: TREMERE
