# File: Tzimisce.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

r

mm

Sourcebook for VAMPIRE:The Masquerade"

ts Unvederme to my hense; enter freely and of your
tiyn tyill, elcome te my hense. Come freely.
G2 safely and leave ssmething of the happi-

ness yon bring!

<i ~ Bram Stoker, Dracnta

Heis afraid.

He is afraid te die.

Don't worry. Yon evil not die.

Net for mary, mary nights,


Ux almost pity you. ULsurper of Caine's legacy.
Bastard spacon of a pregeniter eho apes and
raped his vony €2 immortality. Wye Rusts evhat
they twhisper in your chantries. Your elders
admonish yon te commit suicide rather than fall
inte the clutches of the Fiends. In this if nothing
else your ebders speak truth. But think of orhat
comes next as a learning experience. You will
learn hoty a trae vampire treats his lessers and
punishes his enemies.

J advise yon to pray to your Ged. The Ged of
your mortality — st Tremere, and certainty wet
Caine. Yon sce, eve are Caines chitder — and
believe me, yon Are in hell.


Ohapter One:

Intothe Mouseof Fiends

Whilst Vengean:
Lifes her red Arm. d
. William Collins, "Ode to Fear'
\
} "But Alexei..." But you made yourself this way
‘ "Childe, childe." Alexei spreads six-inch talonsina Made myself? That is the point. We vampires
* _sgesture of exasperation Lam rapidly growing®iccustomed we Tzimisce —no longer dance at the whims of mitosis

to, Its voice isa modulated contralto tonig

heaccent "and mutation. We become whatever we need to be. We

ts charmingly Slavic. "Your outburst at last night's Ritws alone have that option.
was unseemly. Did the Creation Rites teach you noth. ‘Yes, but you can't just
ing? You must stop thinki n Indeed | made myself, and so will you. And so does
‘. agree. I'm dead: Your blood enabled me to live ~ every butterfly that seeks release from its lumpish pupa
after death. And even in‘life I wasn't exactly bleeding ~ purgan other elans —they are so myopically
. heart, But the way you and those otherSabbat talk—it's complacent, We have conquered enzymesand entropy,
w like you think you're a different species or somethin, osmosis and oxygen. The chains binding everythin
A higher species, yes. Ergo, a different species. from the first amoeba to the newest human babe lieat
hs Does their food or air sustain me?Do J age? Can I mate ankles. And still the others bleat about their ‘hu:
with them? Do gveft look like one of the kine?" manity.' Humanity? Did the primordiafamphibian pine
Alexei certainly does not. Lcatalogue its peculiarj- for its finand gills? Did the first Cro-Maifinon mourn its
ties: the near-serpentine emaciation, the facial markings, Did my delightfut pets Over there
ie * the disténded earlobes, the disproportionate fingers, f their invertebrate plasticity?"

t the unnaturally elongated forearms and neck. Even at Ie gestures toward the aquarium on the Study wall

this range I cannog determine its mortal
The countenance that hovérs over me, whi
beautiful, is ‘a thin,

ess a shudder as I look at the blind,
squirming things within. From a biological standpoint,

planes and

expressionl&s, v

ly significant entities. From an aesthetic

blarice is at best coinciflence or convenience standpoint, they're pretty damn gross.


T'm sure Wexler, former Brujah primogen coun- ~_ifitones: "I bid you welcome to my sanctum, My meat:igy

cilor of this city, would agree with me if he could: After

all, the hagfish are swarming in and out of his mouth,

themselves on his lips and spinal tissue,
sucking the rich vitae from his medulla oblongata. But
decapitation silences even our kind, and so Wexler's
eyes merely stare blindly at the

The human

species' albatro

ondition," Alexei c
The Ancients' jyhad isno supernatural
duel, but merely the culmination of ten thousand years of
human paranoia and other biochem
forwarded postmortem by endocrine glands
up millennia ago! All because sixteen h
ultimate control over the
the conditioning instill

But your aura positive

An obje

blinds me with skepticism,

e dear. der. To the labora
stures me
to attend. ( g the study in two

pen the door and glides ¢

wn the

anctum door is
already ds,

Your meat; my wine is your wine; my betf'is your bed." All
ballshit, of coumse, but it sounds nice and Old World-y.

_ We descend a Winding staircase into the labora-
tory. Lab-ROR-a-tree. Not LAB-« Alexei's
bitchy about the Tittle things. Everything-just so..A

-rOr-ee

place for everything.
and everything, I see as T emerge into the phos.
phorescent glow of the laBoratory's UV lamps, in its
place. Instruments and implementstine the walls, Sorted
function. An old bur fully functional
ank electrical generator liberated from the L
military police sits in the near comer. A cat-<
ils amid beakers and Bunsen burners. Vats of acid and
aldehyde mingle their vapor
shly spilled vitae, disinfectant and other, less

with the scents of

Racks and frameworks and
out the room like sarcophagi

jumps, of disparate shapes and
to the frames. Many still emit

nt siege


ES

m thé far"comer" Radu and Ikin't you wash it? It's def
shamble in tandem from the
al, for they must m

and they haveart

The sound comes
- Mikhail, Alexei's selac
shadows. They are

it could be infected with

their master's comm:

sduand Mikhail'

toassist their herwise Alexei has ¢ area free from
sakengreat li

could hardly havesrivaled Alexe?'s creativity

waster in its tasks; b

erties with their anan

ered, the vam
device should preserve
. ‘Nowmasterplayleg monstration.

Down!" Alexei
thesh
When decide to fe

"Obkindmastergoodmaster
The ghouls scuttle ine
with bioluminescent eyes.

re the Creat

vemastersopesnch rate the veils my

Ah, yes:

ir den, peri subterranean. bapt cast Over
Tim—No, Tom. [worked

inthe R&D Departme
Julie — Kelp
wblind Iwas. It chitters and squigns just like the

thisTom—

Playing with little white m

In the c & the room, ex}

Julie — Jesus, Julie"

bound, naked kine wxjggles ¢
wan IV rammed in
specimens on either side have not been & f

Now, to work."
below the kine's collar-
rve-" With one practiced motion, it peels

Alexei c
a fold of skin

: Labelson the frames proclaim the

‘Ventrug respectively. lam thankful f

f
' eo ‘We approach the experiment-in-p

fs0 to the waist

ave been able to identify the creatures othe

ing, had Istill
of

screams would be nérve-r
nd the ¢

hmic f

4 the kine, mustering scientific deta
T tell Alexet. "Hof |

¥ vitae soothing, almost anfiniotic

malnourished


Clanbook:

zimisce

Alexei evidently findsehe noise distracting. It passes,
its palm along the kine's lip them shut with a
thick epidermabmembrane: he disparities in
entral nervous System." It pokes one talon into the
Kine's pectoral mu&cles, the other into the organic slab
Iabeled-Ventrve "The froghooked
toa battery; the Ventre instead seems contrae, like
pose
differences in reflex response are caused by Homo sapiens
sanguinus'sdevelopment of a web of microfine capillaries

am

‘a > salt. "You note;-of course, how the

surroundingthe neural axonsin placeofatnyelinsheath?"
‘Well..." peer closely asboth lumps of gore. The
vitae-odor is ammonia-strong, almost overwhelming
me. "It all looks the same-to me
I can't — ah, yes, right." Alexei sighs.
yet torefine your Auspex talents. My apologi
childe — after centuries of vampirism I have

nearly
ten wha it is like to view the world through
psychic cataracts. Do you

and Lam noteven an effe

The point is that vampires'

brains — operate on a hii
Ventrue, even in its.,-piecemeal condition, retains con-
omic functions rather than being subject

ut letus fake things toa more...visc8ral level."
1ds along the kifit's exposed pec

anglia — and thus our
ratum of awareness. This

atable. There is a sound like ice cry
twin argsof the rib:

gc heave themselves out of
eat. Lam remindedof the breaching of some

anovershe newly revealed cavity. Te stench
k. Alexei indicates the
ced conditions it'would _
at 66 beats per minute. A healthy speci
it is the seat of slavery,
immutable raté. We"move
essary and use it a8 we see fit."

rers even the vitae.

heaft. "Under re

ods the nether viscera. "Nor do we need this
fSdder. We will, and it is done. Our evety external
I reaction, stems from choice.

vival mechanisms," Alexei
Vampires do not frenzy'!

thin-blooded Camay

la atavisms who
sucked

ly my point! .
Alexei
bserve this Tremere
ay intermediary ehar
acteristics, rather like australopithecines. With any tuck
ined Warlocks shall soor
inues. "We call,them kine, and with

her impulses and in so doi

lower still! Which is preci

ays ina calmer

be just as extinct."

good reason. The kine eat cattle — the quadrupedal

kind — with no more justification than that their
greater powers of perception and coniprehension give
the right. And yet the kine, for all their vaunted

z0a. Nor does their ostensible intelligence grant them
s intrinsic to all
a. Look atit
"Cogni-

any more control offer the proc
lower life than the aforement
Alexei

zance of one's flaw

squirm!"

tient. Ic
rawelay from which Tzimi

subject..." Alexei g

lower, and thie kine's thrash icken

clumsy process, yes? Like a f
muck for a traffle." Alexei looks u
lenses into the kine's white-ri

ally y

demonstrative hand, then
The staccato of the k

the metal backboard is a ain ona rooftop.

Alexei scrutini: tastefully, then

flips its wrist toward the comer. | hear scuffl

and Mikhail squabble for the morsel. Alexei strokes my

neck, "So much Cleaner the Em
more control. Now youalone choo

and whom — to bleed.

emphasizes my final pro
pires are simply mc
expanding
"the Camarill

tw enco
strains have for

the

chain tonight. Rad
the knout f
Julie, I shall introd
Come." It

Istilldon'tknowh
kill-or-be-killed craj
have known ma

 witho

eve. Bu

Neanderthals weren'tparticularl
scheme of things, To every

shall bring them some leavings
dessert. A liftle pity
Afterall

only humar

despiteAlexei'st

hail! Dispose
both of you

ice, yes? So much
se when —and how,

ld Darwinian
fictosurvive. The

he

h lessons =

d. Pocketsofanarch

an. the food
f th
As f

new archbi

ir place

ity's
lookin;
Alexei'smill
atl m


~ Chapter'Two:..
ends among Us

-

‘your fat black heart
never liked Jou.

They are dancing and stamping on you.
They always knew it was you
— Sylvia Plath, "Daddy"

Of Satisfuing
Retribution and Musings
onthe Primordial Dights

Lam old, and the one who liesin a shriveled lump:
at my feet was older still. My dead heart thrums in an
unceasing crescendo, sufusing my battle-desiccated
frame with the oe Well Lunderstand
why the vampires this moment the Ama-
ranth, for a ee swithin me.

I etl beer ‘concentrate on this

home. Though we have wandere
this soil and that, itis in these
Carpathians, that the elde-

The kine have long 5
tion in the sun-blasted
Valley, between the T:
the mud of the Nile Del:

‘orth —amidthese misty ¢
crags, am certain, wa
The Tsimisce Antediluv

ished sire howls and

thin my veins. Sece'schism, centuries of
otten. Lam she; she is We are

all write, now,
and places fomig

flutter like moths in my

hammers
hate — alls
Teimisce, and iti
while panoramas
skull. So the

Way

ss greater even than Caine, for he alone
those first childer had a special gift: wht «

call an Awakened avatar, Itwastthis unique
of Caines gift and his own-that fostered «:
Metamorphosis: no longer merely to. Ascen. butt
‘Transcend; no longer merely 10 mimic Caine, but to




Other magics we wove as well — great maledic-
tions against south-sprawling Rome and its vampires.
Through spells of discord and woe, we turned Rome's
Cainites against each other. Ventrue warred with
Malkavian; Toreador battled Lasombra. Centuries
passed, but we were patient and did not forget. When
the empire was at its weakest, we went among the
savagesof the north— the Goths, Vandals and Huns —
and stirred them to war. Bar through
Rome's streets, and the Tiber ran red with the vitae of
the once-proud invaders. Thus was our clan aven

Ofthe Path to Power
and the Inalcuon Nights

The years

Ns roar

lowed have been dubbed the

they were — but are vampires not
hegemony disinte
of wattle huts and crude

a pean hovels and drinkin

for later use. Even so-called
Huns Magyars, Bulgarsand the like
n through

thus assuaged, we
tiny. For kine, and
d on the civilization of
the Dark Ages were a time of chaos and
Iden age of

x Tzimisce, they were a

domed Byzantium:

r number, seein

prouting like a fu
ing cadaver, went south to
h. Here the clan strove against

come Inconnu and

as the iconoclast. squabble well demon:
strated. (If the kine only realized what so
many of those pallid, distended icons before
which they grovel actually depict
from the kine?)

who

wiser northern brethren saw the threat posed
ne and his Ventrue ticks. We decided to
suitable specimens from
indigenous kine str:
s. They proved of great

ns,

Use to us, for they allow
the hearts of the kine ¢

(Once, centuries
vitae

s, and the things
of the world seemed less transitory and ephemeral, I

Clanbook: Tzimisce


knew that which the Toreadoreall "love." [had won a
/entrue inWader, and the Victory

feast at the Zantosas' castle that night was sweet.

Afterward, the revenants sent one of their nlimber, a

lissome little succubus of 13, to my chambers: The feel

of her flesh in my arms nd the scent of myenemy'sflesht

con her breath sent me into wild throes of passion. Yet

in my ardor | grew heedless of her delicacyyand she did)

not survive our encounter. To pi

her always, I fashioned a pair of gloves from her skiny

and, so that her soul might stay near me, I tanned them

Our battle
into makin;
the hag and her n

Year. 983 in the reckoning
God, our revenant pets whippedithe S

and the Brocken learned what it meant to dread the
dark.

And then—? Well, you have seen the movies, yes?
Even today the

amid thornbushes by night in search of wayward
goatherds and milkmaids, we dwelt proud and unafraid
in ourcastles. Though our estates were ostensibly ruled
by our revenant seneschals, the serfs and peasants well
knew whom — or what—they served. By day we lay in
our sepulcher

mpty crossroads and forest tracks. And

e wassilent, thekinefeleitdeep in the

pallets and hung

their ridiculous garlic cloves and wove their warding

signs and uttered their useless prayers in hopes thar the
‘vampyrs would not come for them that night.

for a time we were every bit as majestic as

c's scrawling of Lugosi's powder-pated mockery

: ersdub "and so we were —

0 ic dread hung over

nd 86 Bucs Tinie ddan cen

need to leave theirenclaves to hunt. The kine, fearful

of retribution, willingly sent a fraction Of their swains

and maidens into the spider's lair. And this Would prove

the elde doi ~~ complacent.

cemselves withour


Of Base' reach
and Shameful Deck

So lethargic they became
tasks of rulership and study
than tum overall of theirrespon
the elders procreated in:
were overrun with raveno

always been our reat t provocation. Enraged elders
sent the young to do biitle in their stead. Fiefdoms fell
and vampires bumed to ash. Yer the young endured this
willingly, for thej@iders had bound them in chains of
blood strongersthan ion. I know this we!
among that ualhappy generation.

Such dissension would prove costly indeed. For,
like tricklegof tainted water, infiltrators seeped into our
lands whére invaders had been tured aside. Among
these unwelcome immigrants came those who would
become our greatest foes. When we discovered that a
coven' of wizardlings calling themselves Tremere had
centered Our territory to leech the essence of the land,
which they called vis, for their magics, we grew angered
When we discovered that they had dared to assault and
abduct one of our clan's elders, we grew enraged. And
when we discovered that the purpose of their affront
was to become as we, our fury knew no bounds.

A great war began then, one that will end only
when the last Warlock coughs up his unlife in writhing
agony beneath our implements. Though our elders
could and should have quashed the nascent line, they
didnot —for they had forgotten much of the old mag
and the Tremere, armed with the vis they had stolen
from our soil, were strong. They matched
dant elders spell for spell and countered the n
their zulo forms with monstrous creat
stony, pinioned abominations called G:
descended in taloned flocks from the skies.

As the Tremer slowly widened, the elders
grew fearful and walled themselves away in their havei
sending their progeny to forage and fight. Though we
battled valiantly, our disunited ranks were splintered by
the Warlocks and their minions, and decade by de
‘our clan fell deeper into decline. Even the Ancient,
cocooned in what the Tytalus call Quiet, abandoned us.

, for I was

discor.
ght of

ns of their own:
les, which

All.this was the merest harbinger of the tragedy to
come. While we were swatting at Gargoyles, our "Kin-
dred" were hardly sitting idle. Hostile eyes turned tous,
and our lands knew the tread of invading hooves.
Encouraged by their Ventrue lords, Germans crossed
‘our western borders in barbarous waves. From the east

Clanbook:

zimisce

wh pater abnad nc baelant aan dean

Freel ong het Gen rend
strewn field. Inthe south the Assamites hungered, and ~

~~ so the Turks made their first investigative forays into

Serbia. Worst of all, from the north descended the
Teutonic Knights, under the sway of no vampire but a
threat toall, sworn to crush paganism under the weight

» of the cross. Tribe after tribe renounced Kupala, re=
nounced Svarog and Byelobog—pleaded tothe invaders

+for deliverance from the "demons." Manse after manse
was razed to the foundations; Tzimisce after Tzimisce
was unearthed and put to the pyre.

T went with the rest of my kind to our elders,
pleading for succor. But our elders, viewing wave after
wave of devastation, did nothing. Our mighty sires
‘cowered in their crypts as their herds and childer died
in the night. It wasas if Lasombra h: black
talon overtheir hearts. They had secured our:
through the Blood Bond, and so we gladly — then
willingly — then hesitantly — went forth at their
behest to defend their holdings.

And so we died beneath claw and spell and stake

stretched

about our hearts.

Of upala's Night and
(Chat Transpired
Thereafter

Te was on Kupala's Eve, that night of immemorial
sanetity, that the deed was done. Through the lands an,
inyitation was passed: Velya, Lugoj and the rest sum-
moned the clan's youth to a great festivity. And our
sires, heedlessof the night themselves butfaintly recall
ing its significance, acquiesced to our celebration. I
went with the rest to the meeting site deep amid these
very Carpathians. There, his back to a blazing bonfire
and three score sacrifices bound and writhing behind
him, stood great Lugo}. He wore the zulo shape, and
something red and gleaming lay atop his outstretched
paws. And though I feared the flames, I felt compelled
to approach.

"Thi

he roared, holding aloft the blazing object,
"is Kupala's sacred fire-flower, just as the legends say.
Long I quested for it, through much peril. At last, deep
amid a holy place of the werewolves, I found it. Dost
thou remember what the legends say of this flower?"

‘A quavering voice — Ruthven? — spoke from the
rear of the assembled host. "It is said to have the power
to bind demons..."


"Or, on this night
‘Vely

0 free them!" Lugoj finished.
ind I have studied the naliretofthe Blood Bond
a length. With Kupala's aid, we shalleast off our
elders' chains. Stand ye with us— or will ye goteyour
doom in the pyres of the Crucified God's pene

There was silence, and then muttering, and then:
one voice after another raised in assent. No more would
we submit to our elders' shackles.

Lugoj laughed, and the flower blazed like the stars
that scientists say destroy themselves in the night Sky.

First," he bellowed, "we must purge ourselves of fear."
Then, bathed in the
hurled hi

On that night was the first Aucte
and the Sabbat born. On thar night were our hearts
returned to us.

Dawn approached, and we getlimed OE €O Our
ut slept in graveyards o caves or in the
bosom of moist' Mother Earth. Our sires soon noticed
our absenee, and then the war began in eamest. Castle
after castle we stortned. Our sires took a thousand fell
shapes to frighten us and invoked a thousand curses to
cow us, but we had walked through fire and were

elders' crypts,

unafraid. We slew their s: and then ended them

and we shared our blood and theirs. Some submitted
and these we allowed to join us and thereby strengthe
ourho

es— but, lest they betray us, we force
drink from a co

Elsewhere umpires followed our ¢

Bihe Brujah, ever
Il

xample
n the east the
rs through the
the curse we

al Death at the

5 fenders were
strong, butwith roved their
masters. Not-w fi ugh! W was
ended, an ankle J hand bor
and dust obseured the flags Lugoj
skin and fluid dripping from his hid.

‘our progenitor as he

weak with m:


Of Ancient ‘Discord
and f Dewfound Cnitu

uur ranks

enemies, and to

through the fire


again and again. Terrified p
dubbed us "Sabbat," for they iim

asec cate.

Rite,
Sa

again we Were forced to retreat — for dun
called "Ret
themselves to face us in honorable battle.
sent swarms of kine and ghoul:

ne no dou
"nation-state." And while we feared no kine, their new
weapons were anothe

He who dubbed the,

tly indeed. No longer could we control our domains
with monsters in the night. Ou
in the

‘seythed to the very Danube, and we found

little more tolerable, or tolerant, than the

cross. Here too ourszlachta aided us but little, foramong

the Turks were Assamite ghouls.

(leneed not be added thar in this tumultuous time

arose the scourge of our clan: the Dragon, self-pro-

claimed "Prince of Darkness" Vlad Dracula. May a
‘thousand devils roast his black soul!)

Andso itwent. While we concentratedon ourown
apotheosis, the Camarilla instead worked to secure its
poweramid the kine world. Justas the kine's Dark Ages
had been our heyday, so their "Age of Enlightenment"
proved dark indeed for us. Cringing Camarilla toadies

fostered their Masquerade, the better to direct the
herd's wrath at us. (Note, if you will, how many "fi
tional" Gothic vampyrs display Tzimisce characteristics!
‘Those few valiant Cainites who

heritage were hunted down

23

ie hal ile Se
d,

surrendered

Of Industeyand
Genocide

We fit in better than we could have

a0-story tombstones,

‘God Is Dead." What better

at Metamorphosis than a

Blane insect hive? In these smoke-blasted edifices, to

which so many flocked to choke out theit liv

noticed the arrival of a |
subsequent disappearance
Theh, too, the vitae o

or the
eral others.

akine child half

final attempe toreclaim
ids. The Archduke fell, precipitating

lssmore on the battlefields of Ardennes

tion was swift: in Rus-
e were destroyed in a
Brujah-inspired revolution.

‘Over the next decades the Camarilla turned to
guerrilla tacties. In America, revenants and innocents
alike were unearthed and jailed or hanged as "Bols
vik anarchists." A new breed of witch-hunter made its

= strong-jawed, bronze-skinned, using the
tools of science against us.

And then the world was set on its ear by a funny little
Kine with a funny little mustache. Who or what was
responsible for Der Fuhrer? He was not ours, nor, despite
shrill Brujah recriminationssiwas he a Ventrue puppet.
Lackiogevidence site soniy. 1 inclin

rave his own madness, or at best

toclassify

pires were. las asted dfrom theirh: avens, s aPax

fied of sorts was implemente

f Retain Irfero nc
cibeessantlpnacds eervcd mbined refuges and
Peas To Belsen, co Birkenau, to Buchenwald and
swarmed Burope'sdisplaced vampires. Sect and
suspended. As lion drinks with

yatering hole, so did

amid a dark and
‘concentration camps,

apter Two: Fiends Among Us


I myself battened on the vitae of Auschwitsiginene
cerated wretches. How strange hae eRenanesa
and maltreated could yet hold so ae

querade of the Camarillal Ag
le, the pompous swine, spppialite genetically
deformed from the other prisonefsimorder to experiment
upon them. Discreet use of myleshily and osseous arts on
arriving prisoners, coupledssith hypnotic commands
instilling silence on the pareof the victims, ensured that
neither Der Engel des Todds nor I lacked suitable fodder
ments. Greataldvancements toward the Meta-

it mache frei," ja

the lack of opportunity to
s' atrocities in kind. Verdamme
to defile my lands with their

reciprocate the iN
German swing) da

ackboots, mherds with theirbarbed wire, and my ears

ence amonig kine ad just as sweet
as their yictims — and screamed just as loudly
Butall good things must come toanend. Thi
Reich erumbled, the Brujah "Ide
across my homeland in their tanks,
meet to depart for more peaceable climes.
I felt at my homeland's ravishin
by the fact that both the

was partly alle
der members of my cl:

the Shadow Lords refused to flee the advancing Soviet.
wave — the more fools they. The werewolfhas not been
whelped who can best a tank in personal combat (as
that old fool Petrov Four-Fang discovered, to his cha-
grin and my great delight).

Of Chat Is and hat
Tsto Come

The postwar era has, to my mind, been a time of
consolidation and stalemate. Only a few elder Tzimisce
survived the Second World War and its aftermath; it is,
my understanding that they have united in a coalition
they dub the "O: c ght
the le

Our sect has
Rather than

at gains in this modern age.

‘ience of the kine, we feast

itae. We have taken the

d them on their masters.

d age-old arts with cut

Juce the most virulent weapons
ating

1 or pethaps even the

Inquisition seeksa moratorium on
hile our Black Hand is equally vocal in


I support my militant brethren on this issue Tgrow weary of scribing. Dawn approaches. I slum
Gehenna fast approaches, and my clanshallensurethat ber. At sunset wv I shall awaken, and I shall
Pestilence claims his rightful due on the da es tread the empry lanes
lypse. AIDS? Flesh-earing streptococcus? The and s of my ancestral land. Tomorrow kine
prototypes! As my American con

seen nothin' yet."


Ohapter' Three:
To Sup with Fiends

Trimisce"are the quintessential vampires. While
ther vampires desperately try to #€tain their human
nature, Tzimisce ac ek ¢ bs

from it. This

societ difigly, the cl: bur ittetli4
mos alien and a particular variety Stheabifity 1 perceivenet

fic practices known amc ooking ar thine: than the.¢on ventional

YY. P lem-solving or sort. In many ways'this

The Tz imisce @ smbrace rrowhrocnble

And this was or tional
tan frailty/nor proto" isc Must
bh haped by it.
Death in June, "Behind Rose (F Ri Even pedienc ly excuses a hasty Embrace
Given that the clan as a Wh h addi T back during wartime Création
‘of the Progeny in contempt we sI s, allo Brujah and ler comrades*in-
s about n the e a sully th ves with the Oficannor'
a ould muchi rather.
peop! fe who have in ry deviated from 7 struc en ghoulsthan transmitprecious Tzimisce
worthy being


s retain a good deal 6Finfluencelin
lives — muchimbréthah thost Sabbalt
nigh not nearly/so eontrolling as

zimisce maintain elations with thein
in different packs. Though Taimisce
accountable for the actions Of theit
dived childe often loses,

f her clafimatess

zimisce VLagic
any Tzimisce art accomplished soreerers,
thengh the clan as a hole lacks the Tremere's
privecss in the magical arts. Tzimisce whe
practice Thanmaturgy arcRuovyn as keldnse and
carn respect from their peers. Paths commonly
practiced by Tzimisce Gmetnde the Lure! of
Flames, S pirit Thanmatnrgy Elemental Yhas-
tery and Conjuring. Surprisingly, Tzimisce
rarely practice the Path of Corruption, prefer-
ing te relyon alchemy and Blood Bonds to
achieve Similar results.
Tzimiscemagical practices differ from those
of their Tremere rivals. Tzimisce emphasize the

Spiritual and the reverential as opphscd to the

Tremere ecentt pragmatism. Chants, litanies
and, pacans te all marvitr of entities accomparry
Tzimisce rituals. Yany parties, including
mages, Tremere: Lasombrn and the Gabbat
Inquisition, yout be very interested in obtaining.
information aboncthe specipicsof Tzimisce magic.

an Iierarchy

imisce seems a fractiols, indie
we anarchic sect its membérs
is entirely ina€curate

of Vicissitude virtdally dictate
€ of individual self-expression within the
any membersare bound

hediduring clan fetes
rafehy exists among Sabbat Teipnisce ts
power. Tsifhisce who have awakened theif
c., have achifeved the fourth level of Vicissié

y

© tide fMihohaveatleasténelevel ofThaumaturgy,and who
ye demonstratediwisdor and loyalty to thesect and clan
agfeknayn amiongthe clan as thupans, Zhuepans.are
Aortheir knowledge and power, and may
of acgiGin tg, lesser nisces The lesser
requited 16 hged a "Suggestion," but ignoring a
iconsidefedextrengely.rude and willalmost inevitably alien
até the thupan so snubbed
The head of the Tzimisce'clan asa. whole is ca
Voivode Though this title catries mo official weight in the
Sabbat, in practice the Voivode is accorded couchly the
same amount of status thatia cardinal is given. Voivode is
More ofa religious office than, a secular one. [eis the
Voivede who tlecrees the clan's Augtons ind Ignoblis Ritze
andiwho supervises the clan's sacred nights, The Voivos
is alWaysformidably pfoficientin both Vicissitude and
linarilyself-aware (.c.,hhasmeatly
enment), and extremely
PEwise: The only symbotof offices #eape fleshcrafted from
Ache Skins of ac least'thtee, Tremere vampires Main in
personal gombar
Battles for the position almost nevereccur; whet
theyd6, th€contestants take gid form and engage in a
jsgehysicaland magical Monomacy to denth or submission
2

"The Old Glan

The majorltyfof Tsimilsce elders met Final Death
when the clan joined the Sabbat, but.a fair number
escapedytheir vindictive progeny. Sestifingbtheir de

B, mesesagaingt the favages of the Sabbatythese vampires
cofififtued:t6 exist muchas they had for centuries, albeit
mote warily!

Though Some refer to
Clany*that is a misnomer
littleuse for secryelan
thennights of c each vampire was a
+ vampire w

Old G@lan Tzimise

nisce mastery over the Blood Bond allowsthe
siretoattune the emotions of his childe

Thus, w'vampite lovér may, be Bl

desire for thesire, a gu
forloyalty, anda mate may be ‘progr
fact that these emotions are artificial and one-side
) \bothirs the sire
Old Clan "Tzimisce rar eeate, Other
Teimisce'are, if anything, even less trustworthy than
other vampires, Indeed, many Old Clan


Generation &

Uthat this planet needs is plastic sargery,
The Querterds, Organic"

Though Tzimiste choose their neonates
more carefully than de mest vampires, a certain
percentage {aid to measure up to the clans
standards. Awieeperimental selection might
produce an mudesirable progeny; 2 canntn-
fodder foot sotdier created Anring a siege might
nnexpectedly survive; a supposedly perfect
candidate might prove defective Anring the
Creation Rites.

‘Tzimisce ereate very feew Cnitiffs admis-
Sion that A mistake ix selection twas made is
Bitter indeed. Therefore, mast "undesirables" are
inducted inte the ax — alfeit very, very
grudgingly. Other Fiends treat then as sec-
ond-class citizens — more than human or evert
shout, but wot quite Tzimisce, aud suffercd te
exist only by the clans grace.

Matnratly, this rarely sits evel with the
vampires sb scorned. Accordingly, these
‘Tzimisce ofters reject thelr chase, instead congre-
gating among thenaselves. Jr the process they
develop their smn subculture and mores.

Marcy nndesirables! retain Some semblance
Of Humanity instead of embracing a Path of
Entightenment: A fter alt, when vampires have
proved to be snch bastarhs, a Teampiric sn
premacy' philosophy is hard to sewalloce. These
Tzimisce openly defy their ebders by interactoug
exterisively evith the mortal worth. Indeed, some
‘nndésiables! eaponsen utopian vision suuitar te
that of the Idealist Brnjah, twherchy mortals

and vampires can harmoriionsty coexist. Throngh
the Ws of Viissitude, these Tzimisce contend,
the tvortd and everything on it cam Giterally be
reshaped into a fleshly paradise.

more time'brooding over someithillensiiald, conti
otten slight by one of their*peers"than they doy

wortying about the very real threatthe Sabbat pasesg

This, is not to say thar OldiClin Teimisee have
forgotren their traitorousprogeny. Onithegon trary, mang
Old Clan Trimisce have gone so féras t6 disown youn;
Trimiseg entirely. These Teimigee, the Old Clan claims)
are not vampires at all, butfleshly hosts for otherworldly
Perastes called "Souleaters." Thigdistinetion scemstbe)
basedon the possession of Vieissitude, although some
ancient non-Sabbat Tzimisce Have verifiably possessed
Vicissitude for millennia

‘Some Sabbat whisper thatia few Old Clan childer
have been rendered immune to Vinealum by their elders
andsent into the world with the te infiltrating
the Sabbat and bringingitdown
‘at thése rumors, but some high-rankin; Sab bat have 7
expressed private unease about Such a prospect

Dire Postulations of
the Dread. Vampur

Bud we knot eul isan exact science —

Being carcfully correctly sbrang,

=Shriekback, "Nemes

Since its fist nights the Tzimisce has been a schol

Just as the Vefitrue and Lasombra clans have
ally ledthe Kindredthrough their tialgyand the
Toreador clanithas®erafted diversions to make unlife
le, sothe Taimmisce clan has sought ansivers to the
riddles underlying! vampiric existence. Accordingly,
rest Cainite sciemists) ale

historians and metaphysicians.

However, Ts fe not content to sit and think.
They are experimenters moreso than philosophers, and the
world—particularly the mortal world —is their laboratory

‘Topirify their thought and detach themselves from
human subjectivity, Tzimisce éither founded/or devel
oped the various Sabbat Paths of Enlightening The
clangwas also instrumental in cre:
ous Auctoritas and Ignoblis Rite. The
serve diverse purposes: engendering solidari
vampif€s, providing new habits toreplacehut
onés, and fostering an understanding ofwhat itimedhs to
beayampire. Some LasSmbra whisper that perhaps the

nd serve other, more
Beings, for example, or
distractions from the élan'sjtruc aims, The Tzimisce, of
‘course, deny such allegatibns.

Many Tsimiscé bafiefs have been subsuried into the
machinery of the Sabbatybut'some femain uniqué to the
clan.


Tctamorphosists
MaiySbbar F
morphosis. Metamorphos
isthe preeurs6F fo vampirism, so var
prelude to some other wondrons

isce, through their
capacity to supersede their ifinate limitations!
godlike; they must only find the

Most Metamorphos

experiments on mortal and vampire alike

pete nlf

to transcend that
Metamorph

similarity between M

of Ascension. S

isdlated locale:

phosisnd t

Trimisce'Antediluvian was
Embrace,

and that his progen de-altere

rope toward Ascension, albeit ina highly del yf the

1c, wish to subjugate the hum
mains of old: |

and th
echoslovalkia 2s chition calls for analle
sce reconguest of the clansh

ticipatingifise

rounds, Kidnapped human

rvative-Sabbat,Tzimisce. TH@se
g the'elan's heyday as mastets-of
aceiand
idalistsiew,
al¥, sup) 2 ghoul and
idalistssee the dissolution of
Splintering ofthe USSR¢

\cestralhomeland

Neofeudalists'maintain expansive estates in,

activities ofly when,
revenantyjgind
serfgiill
end save to satisfy the master's Sh
estatessforest preserv
pouls{(inimal and
mastetyand Biér hunting hellhounds.


n Neoteudallist alty tothe

A between theraland the eldéf

the sect overthrew. Ih particular Neof-udalists:teliamce
assals as opposed to ‘pac! disturbs
h Neofeadalis alpen

ie chider or Vaulderie geri edhe Sed
wonder whether these Tzimisce élandestinely break the
Vinculums thus established jfiyfavonjef private Bloat
Bonds

Beclaimationists

Eyen other Tzimisce fe

further, Tzimisce Reclaimatic

apotheosis by the most direct means pc
Reclaimationists hold that, through diablerie, vampifes
can govern their own evolution, advanc ro the next
State of being inas little time as it takesto drink the blootli

more powerful vampire. Reclaimationists thus see
diablerie noconly, aba pleasure, but also asia dutyto the
Species (One Must "reclaim" Caine's 'Y from those.
vampires unworthy of posse'

Reclaimationists avidly advance the Jyh
ingall other vampires, be dheyilesser (reclaiming vitae
‘wastefully expetided), equal (eliminating a potential
threat), of greater (increasing.ane's potential). Event"
other Reclaimationists are fair game, The

Reelaimationists' rarely stated but implicitly understood
ultimate al t one of their number — the last
survivor of the Jytilid to findand drink thé blood of

edo; populate the
barren earth according tenets of Reclaimationist
wisdom rather than idle whim.

Reclaignationist fe drink vampire blood exeli
sively; thus they haunt guards of Sabbat War
in human genocide (by

they force vampires into

the fittest" situation).

mo their existence

unisce é@nsider them cold

Diversifists

The'subversive Diversifist sect holds thar all vam,
Pirestmecognizably descended from an, Antédiluvian
progenitor afe inhefently corrupted bylthose Ancients'
taint. Only by branchingaway from the blighted tfee, or
destrOying it arthe'toot, can one sever oneself from the
Antedilu strings. Eor this reason, Dive' tsrarely
fratemmiize with any vamy ave their own clanmates,
Lasombra, and Caitiff (all Other vampires are Antedilu
vian paw ny it as they might)! Diversifists €xHort
their Sabt thrém £0 develop. new means of self
expression (i.e., new powers, Disciplines and bloodlines);


FO on h Wie ay x8 Homo safis sargianisevolv'
© beyond the limitedand dltimacely self-destructive sate
Gaine's shortsighitedness has imposed on it.
Diversifist are among the mostlactive Tzimisce re-
searchigts. Powerful Diversfitssometimes display
moe bizare new Distiplines of; their own inver
DDiversfisescience has been responsible forthe creation of
se¥eral bloodlines unique to the Sabbat, including the
{amorphous Blded Brothers. Such research usually requires
the procurement of variousPuiciingredients and scores
of test subjects

xsanguinists
A beatte offshodr of the) Metamiorphosists, the
Exsanguinist calle proselytizes that blood, far from being
$s the Prison' chaining Vampires toa lower stare
‘After all, Exsanguinists argue, vampitesihave
Prdivorgedeiemselves from mosyof the primitive Biolog!
PPical reactions governing the lifeéycles ofall other creatures.
Aby similarly purging' themelves of the need foPWitac
yMampitescan attain a state of purely will-driven exist
ence.
£ _Divolt@s96 che xsanguidisteak chus practice eso-
Hsiteti€ Ritée combining, meditation and, anorexia, Most
BS Bxsanguinis into the ae of
FP Sabhat existence, constantly keeping bisy inan attempt
to forget how hungry they ate. Sadly, no Exsanguinist has
yet achieved transcendence, and most other Teimisce
find Exsanguiniss sporadic, spasmodic "biiee"gnd-purge™

frenziegiaitly amusing ¢
The Body elcctic

Pheclan'Satcinide toward himanity manife
attittde toward the Human form, T:imiscefoutin:
andl adjust theimbodies aéeording £9) need and whim:
occasionally, independently of the vampire's desires, a
nisce's body will spontaneously alter itself. Over the
decades, most Tnisce forgetexactly whafitiney looked
like in life.
any Sabbat Tzithiscey particularly the youn;

of, rake pleasufe in shaping themselves fhto a variety,
of ithurnan forms: Distended skulls; elongated fingers,
polychromatiemottling and the like are often displayed
SbyTzimisce anxious to demonstraté theit alien superior:
ity Rumors of unearthly "Souleate

©_ process are consideréd mere

Af enemies in an effort toweaken them

i) Indeed, younger Tzimisce have ritualized the
Thduced defdrmities:\Tattoas, scars,
nobgand the like signify packe&ffiliation, facticinloyalty,
Camarilla vampites lain, Tremereexterminatedetc,,in
abizarte Code as incompsehensibleto older T:imisce asit
is to Camarilla enemics.

High Coholy Nights

Certain wights are sacred or otherivise
Important te the clan. The most notervorthy of
these is the wight of June 24th, Rusivm in
Slavic fotklore as Knpata's Night. This is
the night, Sabbat Trimisce say, when the
Sectls Toimisce founders discovered the legend-
ary ‘fire flewver" acd broke their elders! Blood
Binds. On Kupala's Night, the Voivsde
calls the clan to a. prearranged meeting site,
anh a crits and terrible Ritns ensues. Gaen-
frees take place, blood {loivs in torrents from
hundreds of captives, anh Tzimisce cavert in
A thousand shapes arennd great bonfires.
Charges by the Gabbat Inguisition concerning
the sumusning ard binding of Acmons on this
night are vehemently denied by the clan,

The char alse holds an annual meeting
Semitic cach fatl, usually on the antumral
equines. This Ante' spubolizes the passing of
summer inte cvinter and thus the transition
beteveen mortality and vampirism, Hotvever,
the mecting! serves tess a\ religions than/ A
Secular function, At this ‘comference; Deimisce
Aemonstrate nets advances in clan reseatch anh,
‘incect. plans t implement these advartces
Auting Halloiveen War Parties and sieges,

Tzimisce plan their greatest mititary strikes
(at least in North America) te take place om
Hallocvcen. On this night, ovhen alt mortals
Aress in grotesgue and fanciful costumes, even
themest Acfermed sxtackta can walk the strtits
nahinkertd. Am entire strike force of Gabbat
Aud ghouls car assemble in a city without the
mortal or Camarilia popnlace realizing any-

thing is amiss. ait

© Sup with Frends


misce "areiofteh Actonded sas
cit abilif¥*tobasslime « spccifié
1 monstrousyamphibieus giant,
then the vampire goes t piscein this
astly enhanced physical prowess) roughly
cs in "wolfman" form.
ypeasthe" Horrid Form," but.

T

Tzimisce Opinions
Concerning the Cord
of Darkness

‘A.Grinch is unpleasant, ehcouth and unclean —
Now say this together: I'm frightfully mean!
Dr. Suss, The Grinch Meets the Cat in the Hlat

Brojah
Ptalked to or Was uilked to by a Brujah two
How he boasted of his valiant heart! How he
isspleen! To hear himehatter, he alonehad thellll

heart, affixed his spleén to his
¢ into an ornate paperweight
sytohisfhanth. So much for Clah Brujah

Gangrel
least they te gant as others of our
ies. Ratherithian secking to transcend themselves;
levolve toward the bestial
heir course wheneverconvenient. A
-etle might do a Gangrel good.

Matkavian

Thecerebs esses of the Malkavians are fascj,
nating tially useful. It is interesting to ndte
that the Malkavian brain, the subjece of so (much
Camilla concer, structurally differs Tittle from the
brains of other vampires. However, | onice observed a
Malkayian frontal lobe survive in a vat of formaldehyde
for a fill 23 minutes after I extracted it from the
cranium of its still-living donor. Pechaps theféiis gome-
thing to their prattle of mind/body dissociation.

Clanbook: Tzimisce

Nosferatu

All thése millennia and still they obsess over the
trifling handicap we inflicted upon them at the dawn of
time. The lowest among us can bestow or remove theit
tainewith but a few knéads of the fingers. And remove it
weShall — dating the final nighas, in exchange
unending loyalty. Tempered. by eons of hardship
persecution, what soldiers they will make!

‘Toreador
"The children of the nig

make!" Offal! Of what use

Their vaunted "talent" is merely the swizzle stick with
which they chu their dull} vapid neuroses and
spew themontoa defenseless canwas, And they expect
accolades for such? Surely'Caine would have thought
twice about giving theny the gift of eremityihiadt he
Known they would spend it in such narcissistic mastur
bation

‘Tremere

Upstart human, Jarvae. Uproot them fr
chantries,flayitheirskins from them and expose them as
the grubs they are

The Tradition of the Miasquerade

Fahl A more tdions stricture J cannot

imagine! Des one hide when a crckroach
simes cratyling inte dne's havent Des pne
meekly allesy, the insect to sentéle all sver
one's possessionst Te — one crashes it!

My sire has totd me of the elder Aays, cv
ur dan talked the right Cike gods ind terk
twhat ive would from the Kine, Ghe has told me
fav she wientA gaze decvn from the battlements
of her haven te the valley belie — hoty shetvrntd
‘eveep her eyes over the feeble, pallid torchlight
[bickering frome the village beneath her —hevv the
sullen, fearful headsmar corntd deliver as tribute
tmeimevery Sever chitAren born therein rather than
[ace her wvrath! And yon suggest that J, her
clon, tur ney check in fear from such sheept Let
thelr Inguisitors come — J eventA sooner burn to
‘sh than be deprived of my heathright! For this
reason if no other, J shall wet rest mntil J sheathe
ny fangs in the Camaritla's neck!

Po Suprwith Frer


REREREREA"

‘Wentruc

Finally, aclan worthy 6f beingcalledénemy==nay,
archenemy. True, they are fatally ¢misguided dupes of
the Antediluvians, but respect theirdignity and poise!
The lastone I played with took fourhightsto screamand.
twelve to die. Admirable indeed.

Caitift
Iris best co treat them with contempt, for in so doing
we reinforce prejudicial attitudes toward them. Thus,
wwhen we need vampires for use in experiments, it is the
simplest matter to frame one for some fictitious tra
or other.

Aissamites
These Ottoman jackals have mastered the art of
laying. Were they to focus their efforts on master
e, they might be truly
y are but tools —useful, though predict.

Giovanni
Another bas xd line but far more formidabley
THE Tremere are naught but rapists; while the Giovanni
Seem instead robe the products ofadeliberate and unholy
!Why, | could calla soul
ame again and againefér 1,001
s, there is much to learn from

Ravnos
Irritating vermin with no respect for another's pri
they annoy, remind them ofa simple truism,

kis velgihaeB to filch when one has no figs.

Seuites
Clever, clever clan. So wonderfully, self-consciously
und the flames of
er closer, always drawing
heir scales: We long ago realized that
play with nor a pyre in which to
it is a delicacy @ be swallowed

Lasombra

They are but empty shadows that flitacrossthe'stage
we have ed. Allow the shadow-puppets to di.

ay, but, if necessary,do not hesitate to
lifethe curtain and dispel them/amid the stark light of
reality

Clanbook: Tzimisce

Tnconno

Camarilla

Sotranspareftly ridicu

an intricate Chinese box bef
unlock. Still
ascertain which isthe

matter.We
a knife

a hammer to break it to flinders.

Sabbar
In any-experiment one must have a control group
and a group of t Th Camarilla and the

nnu are Our contr

ts. While we ourselve

bbat, louie

in motion, the Jyhad' Kat p Cnlighining

Black Eand
nic seer's bog
ddfead chem,
ing loyalty d
with their exis

ce if they tri
ally As it isp'
thing truly heinous.

least occasic

Lupines

Brutal, barbaric beasts

at the mOoh and exploris for

ad of exploring the s inherent in

holier-th:

winter.

Mages
Somé claim thatouirclan's
‘enedvin life. In any eve:

Sorcerers in our mutual


Tzimisce Torture Techniques

Ttis an unpleasant fact that a large wart of Tzimisce culture revolves around cways and means
of hurting other beings. Many trenpes twill nnherstanhably prefer to ignore or gloss over this aspect
of the clan. Gl T zimisce are AubbeA" Friends fora reason, and Storytellers whe wvish te portray
the evil of the clam, particutarty from a Camaritta perspective, may find this section useful.

Paychological preparationis vital forany torture session. Tzimisce Disciplines are admirably
suited tothis. Ticissitnde alloces the torturer te assume an appropriate shape: perhaps animpessibty
beantiful member of the gender to tohich the victine is attracted, to heighten the shame} or an
impossibly hideons one, te heighten the revulsiey

r even the form of the viction's worst enemy, Anspex
alloves the Tzimisce te discover the victim's phobias and dirty little secrets, and to discern which
areas of the victim's body are particntarty sensitive.

Tzimisce Disciplines alse vastly aid the actual sessions icissitude alloys the torturer to
Become his oven tool kit, forming hts extremities (or the victio's extremities) into a variety of intrusive
implements perfectly shaped to fit the victims (or ot gnite fit, as the case may be...). Then, too, the
Sight of one's Gomes heaving of their ety accord through one's skin: is aleyays disconcerting — and
i becomes Aifficnle ts find release inn scream ewhen Dre's tongue has beer grafted to the roof of dries
ub the

Arimatisn atlovrs a variety of nexions creatures (gparticntarty these inspiring panic be
the victim) te be summoned aridpprecisely directed.

Of conrse, physical torture has its limits, particutarty against vampires. Mest elders worthy
of the name have experienced massive bodily trauma at least once during untife. Moresver, vampires
scoff. at threats that cvontd break many mortals, such as amputation or castration Anh hetv does
one threaten a Vhosferatn iwith disfignrementt Even mortals often display surprising resitience.

Unfertnnately for such victinss, Tzimisce art equally skillea at emotional torture. Centuries
of nnlife give Timisce torturers am nncanony degree of psychelrgical insight. Furthermore,
Tzimisce control over the Blood Bend provides torturers with a variety of fiendish neve conys te hurt
their victios. Tove vam pires may be forcibly Blood Bound anh one painstakingly disfigured before
the other' eyes. A lteraatively the Tzimisce may break one-victios's Bond white leaving the other
Still. Brwnd; the un-Bonnd vietine may then be ré- Bound to the torturer and induced to inflict
physical or emstional jain om the sther victim. [ziniisce may alse, through rituals, cause atready
Bonnd seiiigs to fectemttions otherthan love. Al victing capable of bearing the most atrocions tvounds
writhont {inching may be utterly broken bya contemptnous slap frou the hand of her nocw-hostile
chitd (or chile).

Certain Tzimisce actually eschew spernatural means of torture, crusidering such practices
‘effete. The Sabbat priest Stefan Kastas stilt speaks with great pride of heer he extracted vital
mititarginformation from a Gpangrel A rekon, using nothing but a tog Aispesable rzor blade, three
needles, a pack of Holiday Jun matches/n tabber tube mh a gatlon of Cloris.

"lanbook:


as sheViare subtle: Theorder knowhias

guing bodys We could learn

particul
it
Not that any of these things will stop us fro:

ing them to desiccated hus
nceitheir usefulness has en

where credit is due

Bacries
There aré powers in the world fa
ic twilight and Vic

According to Kind
luvian' was' the. first of Caine's

Blood Bond) and it is fact that his

Freak such a asse. In any event,

el unremitting hatred, row
another. M
Blood Bon.
provided. the appropri

her than vampires
s6d is drunk — and may

manipulate the emotions of both parties


Some Camarilla Kindred wh

Tzimisce may set up a Blood Bond and delay it:
until a "trigger" (acon

ccurs. These Kindred claim

hat such
combined with Dominate-induc
the part of the Bound p
Camarilla with "undead tim
>the Sab

Horrid Predilections
of the Dread Vampur

One of the Tzimisce's most notori s

members' penchant or pain, While other vampires c
commit cruel acts out of artger, hate
pleasure, the Teimisce ob

Simple sa
-sion with pain seems reflex
ive —aneed rather than a desire
Accordingly, Teimisce frequently study and p

and many among the clan

time torturers fortheir sect,In this role they are greatly

the craftof rortur

Clanbook:

feared —to the extenetfiit Teimisce vampiresbiave been
the epithet "Fiends" by their horrified Camarilla
Tsimisée differ ffom, say, Toreador antitribiin their
approach to torture! They sce themselves more as scien-
tiststhan artists;their techni while amu inand
of themselves, are me: ater end. Only by
meticulously studying pain —p

er the limits of that pain and the

sical, mental and emo:
me the Antediluvians' worst on the eve
of Gehenna! Thus, most Tzimisce torture sessions are in

fact experiments, complete with hypotheses) specific

conditionsand pur

however warpedand illogical

s€'Purposes may seem to mortals or other vampires.
A lesser-known aspect of the Tzimisce is its mem:

's\gmasochistic bent. T: ce routinely subject

themseltes to abuses as great, if not greater, than those

they inflict on their victims. Only through fully uftder

stafding the capabilities and limitations of the vampiric

form will they be able to supersede it —#and some

‘expetimentsare best pefformned firsthand.

been known to spénd week¥or even month:

£ various infernal deVicgs of their awn im


Seroitorsofthe Tsimisee esse cose

Yet wills deformity, chee was
agility and cours
lassie rule that si

le hea ong themselves as oftenas they battle the clan'sfoes.

ny £3 Revenants are largely obsolete in this day and ag.
~ Theirusefulness as infiltrators and spies is limited, for

Vietor Hiigo\ The Hunchback of Nowe Dame Teg ass 2s teed eas tied

Though Tzimisce are themselves formidable cre Ra Spe ics they have prowlcoo bad co Maas

with mortals

extended periods: Overtime, cannibal

tures, their minions are perkiaps even more dreaded by
the clan's foes. Through their Vicis

Trimisce disfigure nature's creasic

feast$and week-long torture orgies became difficult to:
mide Disc:

len media, particularly a modern
with Camarilla puppets on the lookout
Sabbat-relared activity. Moreover, an average

media infe:
for

war machines — and through their Blood Bonds;they

ensure these beings' loyalty ant, while a terror against mortals, can rarely best

Revenants even a neonate vampire in a pitched battle; Many

Lasombra and Assamite antitribu arguefor the revenants'
The Tzimis:

ghoublike bein

e has bred aSpecies of self-rephigating,  eradicar
These creatures, which are neither Nonetheless, the Glan is unlikely to-give up its
re itn as ‘petSa@inytime soon. If nothings
ernattiral Gowers have become he-_prbvideSafe havens or Sabt
ind there exist several breeds, or familie

Ise, revenant
n the run from Camarilla

's Ror mortals hor precisely ghou
revenants. Their si

reditary, Archons or Lupines. Like other ghouls, revenants are
revenants, each with its own distinctivecharacteristics) _ diumala Then, too, revenants are capable of procre:
Oficelthiete were many" Such families, but the ation, and the clan has dften deliberately bred reveniants

revénants! numbérs haye-been culled by other vam- with specificheredit: re thanafew Tzimisce
tncanls:*Ge sirable bxeedlin, areereated from the offspring of these ar
sterility. Four branchestemain extant: the Bratc


Mnscatre,

zimisce

as a whole spumis ghouls, but Clan
exception, The clan makes exten:
ing them with
. Tzimisce cre

formations in the manner of rock crystals).
The exi:

¢ of a Tzimise

oul is far from easy
Rarely are ghouls left in an unblemished shape; even a
ghoul whom the master has n

disfigured anyway, simply to satisfy the-master's aes-

need to deform is often

sor scientific Curiosity. Exceedingly cruel
await the slightest failure or misunder-
trate affection
ately need to
even Blood Bonds tokeep
theirghoulsin line; acommon practice among the clan

po
standing. Tzimisce seldomfee! of demo
orappreciation for their ghouls, Tzimisee
resort rokindn:

ewan

Le lump,

of tissue and cartilage, withithe subsequent pro
restore One facial feature per decade or so of perfect
service. Perfect service is diffigule to provid
most

houls are doomed to exist a

ils have escaped the clan over the

deformed, accustomed
of humaft ieatand vampire blood, and hunted

Is, hideou

the Sabbar, find it difficult to return to human

civilization, Accordingly, these ghouls: haunt waste

Guardian Ghouls (Sz/achta)

y be human 6f animal — the

ven the end re

s, and an uses Vicissitade to

wess. Bones are reshaped

at are extracted from,

wecessary rafted where padding might prove
fe warped into ghastly masks, the

misce, takin

efficient; facial featutes

alesson from

ack torback, renderin,

capable of retreat

sce oftenhyper
sensory organs in
oul' awareness.Such experiments
ace ged and have led co more than one

+ being permanently crippled.

—


q
-
‘

id)

rt OF ghoul isthe vozh

Gar Ghouls (Voz

The last and rat

ghoul. These loatt crea renerally used

only when besieging an en 1 are

actually ¢feated from! 15 or more
(hdiman, anitfial or both). The ghouls are firs
drink xd in a Vauldeti
emony, A teamof Tzi

ach other's b

(and theoce

ntitribu) then emy issifuieand Thaumar

rituals to meld the ghoulslinte one compe

Such a Greature'is enormous (some ambitious Sabbat

have created dinosaur-sized ghoul

tiple limbs andor

capable
maelstrom of destruction. Excesé tissue, bor

tilage canbe molded t

palps, tusks, mandib Sor w
Creators desire, The proc ng a vothiline
ablydrives the compe to circumver

the creature

icha procedure al
Presenceland Animalism).

atingly powerful (levels of
bal generally equal qwice
ng the component ghouls)

isthe bi
ind deva
Potence, Fortitud@and Blood
those of thehighestlevel

The creation ritual irrevocably bor thd to a
single creator; this creatofal and" the
creature, though a vozhd ra mmands
f moresthan thre u
starved! bette a battle when the time is

pointed inthe rect juiey, crunc

modern age. Cr
raw mate
y Worth the eff

ork t6 the Sabbats
Camarilla el

detriment: few things ¢an con

anarchs, Inconnuan

On thee
elders, anarchs, Inconnuand neutral clans t ler
tothe Sabbat so readily as seeing their city's pr mn

to pieces and greedily dev




A -vampife w

iS mOre than mere
aks: She also gains
lities from the donor. More=
which the vampire drinks has
recently: fed, she may gain similar &
creature. If

sustenance fro

th

insight into and ew
over, if che being frc

reness of that
also recently eaten heforé
y likewise acquire the
n. (Renfield wasn't $9

powers of that victim,and)so
crazy afterall...)

System: The vampire must drink the blood of her
prey-and make a Perception + Animal Ken roll (diffi
culty 7). Each success allows either a:memory or an

ABility tc

alternatively, three successes cant
be "converted" into. one of the,yictim's, Disciplines,
Attibutes or innate powers. The v

one of the vicrin

npire may choose
Traits onmay select from anything

‘victim's victim,ete.) has eaten inthe
he effects last untilthe vampire expends
Blood Boints. Only one "tier" can be
maintained at a'time

Genius Loc (Auspex Level Six)

‘Tzimisce haye a:natural affinity for placé as their
Glan'weakness demonstrates: This power
affinity, enabling the vampiretotap into the "ambience"
"spirit" ofa specific place and thereby gain insight into
nuations affiliated with the nature of that place. For

example, if the yampif@uses Genius Loci while ify a

situations dealing
with

shell of
impend: insighe inc
n awareness of the f

2 warning

2 fire phes in gener

hind rapidgearadlys-

mic change

- The place must be symbolic

nn the site of strong passions or

g mall is not likely to give much
all where a mass
itwwell
s involvifig violence or

provide insight
mass panic). The v must then roll Perception +
Empathy (difficulty 8). Bach success provides a clearet)
fabulous un,

Obviously, this power is extremel
Storyteller must use discretion when a

anding.

veliThe
ting its

zimisce

Eestatic Agona(Atuspex Level Seven)

ManyiTzim

appreciate the s
power: has

@ have learned to tolerate and even
sition of pain, but a vampire with this

i transcended others' understanding. Her

nervés stilliregister pain, ‘but perceive it as pleasurable,
evéh spiritu

ly uplift

System: A vampire with chis power adds wotind
penalties to her Dice Pools. Thus, the more injured the
vamipire is, the more effectig@ly'she functions. Aivam?
pirein the Crippled state adds fivedice toall Dice Pools!
Obviously, if injuries entail theloss of body parts, the

npire may not perform/actions necessitating those
body plitts..Furthérmore, a'vampire who reaches the
Incapacitared state is still incapacitated.

‘This powers continuously in effect.

Skin Trap ( Vicissitude Level Six)

‘This power enables the vampire to slough offa layer
cof hisepidermis and use its fleshy snare. Wictimimay
be bound, blinded or evén suffocated in the skin-sac

System: The vampire may automatically shed a
layer of skin, but must make a Stamina% Firearms roll
(use normal firearms complications) to target his vic>
tim. Ifthe vampire hits, thé victim istrapped th the folds
Of flesh and may take no action until she frées herself
(Strength, difficulty 7; victim must score atnumber of
successes equal t6 the vampire's Stamina). Addition-
ally, if the vamp wre successes on the

attack rollbe has targeted the victim fact» blinding
her and (if the victim breathes) cuttingoffher oxygen
supply,

scores three ¢

Each time this power is used, the vampire's soak
Dice*Pool decreases by one until he spends a Blood
Point to regenerate the skiti layer. If thispower is used!

threetimés insuctedsion without spending Blood Points,
the vampire's skin becofites paper-thin. Each time the
vampire moves suddenly ofyiolently in this stare, he
must make a Staminajroll (diffieulty 7) or suffer one
Health Level ofdamage as cracks and lesions riddle his
skin

Biraken's Riss ( Vitissitude Level Scuen)

‘This powerwas first mani
Dominion Lats Svengaard duri
With this power, the yampire can warp the skin, aft
lage and bone of her face, elongating itand resolidi
itintoa 10'long tentacle similarto that of asquid. This
tentacle can be used t6 grasp and constrict foes; more

of a squid's suckers are rows andirows of
oling mouths, permitting, incredibly rapid
blood Grain.

System: The vamplfe spends a Willpower point and
rolls\Staimina + Body Alteration (difficulty 8). Success
eniablésformation of the tentacle with no loss of sensory
abilities. The tentacle can be used in melee (difficulty 5;
Strength +2 damage). successful hit indicates a grab; for
each success scored on the attack roll, one additional
Blood Point can be drained from the victim each tur, as
dozens of mouths bite and suck. To break the grip, the
victim must score three mofeiécesses than the vampire in
an extended contest of Strength

icshould be nated that the tentacle is as vulnerable
to attack as the vampire isand.may be attacked any-
where along its length; more6vet,<a tentacle in the
sa stationary tamget. Ifthe tentacle
more Health Levels of dama

it isse

PIBEESs of feeding
takes three ¢

edged weapo

from an,
ed, and the vampire isieffee-
Sés{save touch) untibshe


WIE EEE EERE EREEED)
S
The Tattoo Artist

ur face has amazing bome structure. Maoni tribal
mme at your next board meeting or whatever.
roach-infested pub-
iced crackheads in the
the comer; the ammo.
The Barbie-doll, coloring-
and nothing

gly. The squali

few up; the jau

But you cot

yourself. You sat in your room and poked *

needle after needle into your flesh. Then you connected the dots with

an X-Acto knife. Pretty
They took you to the hospital
you, but-you had nothing more to s.

J some woman who tried to talk to-
Not with words, anyway. You ran
elf as apprentice toa tattoo artist. The gr
but when h

everything you
io. Your fame

clientele

Then the custome
robed, and

ur studio. He dis-

sheathing his

body had to have been c

craft. But you felt intimidated and ur

fou to create a dragon tattc
flesh. You

» saw this as ac miperformed y our
n his s u finally needled in the last scale, you
could have swom the d pened its eyes and breathed.

actual statue of g flesh rising from the client's
ly tobe restrained by ashimmering,
maw moved in synch with the client
ined. This had been a test, and you had
passed. You would now have etemity to express yourself

it—exp

‘ou are a skille

ated artist with a vision to
‘ealso leamed to survive in very rough environments. You

convey. Youh:

have practiced

rification techniques on yourself, hence your low Ap-

pearance (at least in the eyes of the unenlightened).

Roleplaying Tips: Even after yourinduction, youstill take pride in your
work and lie lly. You take the Tsimisce respect forthe
sanctity of the hav — anyone in your shop is a customer, and
Jevil take the Seraph or » says otherwise.

Equipment: Small loft/w

needle gun, inks, piercing paraphernalia,

Genitorturers T-sl

Clanbook

zimisce


Name: The Tattoo A rtist

44 Tzimisce

Nature: Visionary

Clan: Tzimisce

Player: Demeanor: Deviant Generation: g+4
Chronicle: Concept: A rtiste Haven:
——= Attributes
Physical Social Mental
Strength Charisma Perception @00000
Dexterity Manipulation Intelligence #000000
Stamina_ Appearance @0000000 Wits. 200000

—————————
SS

Talents Skills

00000000 AnimalKen__ 00000000

0000000 Drive —©0000000

0000000 Etiquette. 00000000

@@@00000_— Firaarms_____—@0000000

@000000 = Melee__ eeeo0000

00000000 Music___90000000
Intimidation___ee@eooooo Rerair____@0000000
Leadership. 00000000 Security 900000000
Streetwis @0@00000 — Stealth___ 0000000
Subterfuge__o0000000 — Survival___ 00000000
8 ———————————

SS.

Abilities SS — oro

Knowledges
Bureaucracy__00000000
Computer___00000000
Finance__@ 0000000
Investigation__00000000
law__e0000000
Linguistic: 00000000
Medicine. 0000000
Occult (0000000
Politics 0000000

nc 00000000

Advantages = —=70=—-

Disciplines Virtues
sp 000000 Callousness,

ieisstude @000000
00000000 .
00000000 00000000 Instincts.
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000
00000000 00000000 Morale

~o—= Other Traits —~— Path of Health

Bothy Alteration 000 Cae Bruised ia}
o0000000 © @®®O00000 He ao
00000000 Willpower Injured =O
Ccosoogn, 2 OOO COCL0O Wounded 2 0
cooooonn OOOOOO0000 Mailed = 2 O
00000000 Crippled 5 0
00000000 ____ py ao Incapacitaed =O
00000000 load Fes a
cooooc0g FICIGIOIGO OOD Fuse steep in a tens tv
eevvo00 AIQOOOOOGOO ath eae

Attributes:7/5/3_Abilities:13/9/5_Disciplines:3 Backgrounds:5 Virtues:7 Freebie Points:15 (7)

1)


Vlad Tepes — Dracula

Y
his clan but
both Kindred
In life he was @
in power and

aberration and

posible
Viad Te

‘Who Among

Welva (the Vivisectionist)

detail in Who's

Inquisition.

pires: Children of the


Righteous Gndeavor

Righteous Endeai


Marc6n originals is that they
(or undead) creai

2 mesh of fibrous strand

Clanbook: Tzimisce

formation to the seamstress.


Doktor Tétentanz

Thor

