# File: Uktena.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

A Sourcebook for Werewolf: The Apocalypse
Cribebook 42


WHEN HE WAS YOUNG, THEY CALLED HIM:
JOY-IN-KNOWING. NOW HE IS BROKEN
MEDICINE. ETERNAL GUARDIAN OF THE
BANE CALLED RAVAGER-OF-CHILORI
HE. SEEKS. AN. ENO TO. THE ENDLE:

HELP WV

1 CAN NO LONGER HOLO
MY OLD ENEMY PRISONER:
EOUNCES, STRONGER ee

mA snns * =c Sao


WE WELCOME
THE PACK OF THE MESAS TO
THE SEPT OF THE STANOING CORN,
THANK YOU FOR COMING AT OUR
CALL. 1 AM KELE TALKING STICK.
LEADER OF THE SEPT.

1AM
AZIBO WALKS-
THE -THUNDER,
PEACEKEEPER ANDO
LEADER OF MY

FACK. THESE
ARE...

MY FACKMATES,
GALILAHT MOON-
RUNNER, OUR
WARRIOR, ANDO PLENTY
WING, OUR SONG
MAKER.

SOMETHING {1S
WRONG IN OUR SACRED
CAVES, OUR SCOUT, RUNS-
LIKE-LIGHTNING, FAILED TO
RETURN. WE NEED YOU TO
FINO OUT WHAT IS
HAPPENING.

TAKE JENNY
WITH YOU. SHE
WILL BE YOUR
GUIDE,


YOU STAY
IN THE BACK
ANDO...UH.. ACT
AS REAR

AT hat looks deep! Look?
Pilike we found ovr scout

too>,Go around:

ITS ALWAYS
THE SAME. JUST.«<
BECAUSE I'M METIS,
THEY THINK IM
USELESS.

RUNS-LIKE-
LIGHTNING IS WITH
GAIA NOW... HMM...

WONDER HOW DEEP
THIS 1S?


HAH!
) A PUNY THING.
(LL RIP...


S>>>

le
oe

one of the wytmspown
before she fell:

WE'LL TAKE THE "O
SCOUT'S BODY BACK
WITH US. | THINK WE
KNOW WHAT'S BEEN

GOING ON.

THE CAVES ARE

7 CLEAR. LETS GO BACK
TO THE SEPT. | HAVE
A COUPLE OF DEATH

SONGS TO SING. »

te


| WONOER
WHERE THAT
SOUND 1S
COMING
FROM...

THIS MUST uj
BE THE UMBRA...SO
OIFFERENT FROM *
THE DESERT..1 MUST
BE MILES AWAY
FROM HOME.

SHE DIED A
WARRIOR'S DEATH
ANDO DESERVES
GLORY FOR THAT.

WE WILL
HOWL HER STORY
TONIGHT. THEN WE
WILL RESTORE THE
MARKINGS ON THE
WALLS OF THE CAVE.
THE SEALS MUST BE
KEPT IN PLACE.

WHO ARE
YOU, OLD
GRANDFATHER?


YOU'RE NOT
THE ONE! | ASKEO
FOR A FULL-GROWN

! WAS IN
THIS CAVE
AND FELL

YOU'LL HAVE

TO DO. QUICK!

TOO LATE,
OANCE WITH
Me!

THIS SHOULD
REPAIR THE
OAMAGE AT
LEAST FROM
THIS SIDE,

BUT WHO
BETTER THAN A
CHILD TO GUARD

RAVAGER-OF
-CHILDOREN...

LOOK AT ME!
SOON |t WILL
BECOME LIKE THE
BANE | GUARD IT IS
TIME FOR ME TO PASS
MY OUTY ON TO
SOMEONE, THERE 1S

PANO ONE ELSE. IT MUST:

BE you.


| DON'T WANT
TO 0O THIS...

7 THANK YOU.
(| GO NOW.WHILE
\\1 STILL BELONG

TO GAIA.

MY
SPIRIT.WILL...
TEACH YOU
THE WAYS...

HERE, IT DOESN'T
MATTER WHAT | AM. JAYS
IS MY PLACE.

KY
GRANOFATHER..CAN WE
START WITH LESSON
ONE NOW?



Credits

Authors: Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea
Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Cynthia Summers

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Lawrence Snelly, Ray Snyder

Comic Book Art: Steve Prescott

Layout & Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles.
Back Cover Art: Joshua Gabriel Timbrook
Cover Design: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Andrew Bates, Patrick Kochakji, Shea Anton Pensa,

Be SUITE 128

WHiTte WOLFL USA
GAME STUDIO

mark or copyright concerned.

poses only. Reader discretion is advised.

Check out White Wolf online at

and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN CANADA

730 PARK NORTH BLVD.

CLARKSTON, GA 30021

© 1998 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights
reserved. Reproduction without the written permission _
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the
purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets,
which may be reproduced for personal use only. White
Wolf, Vampire the Masquerade and Mage the Ascen-
sion are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publish-
ing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse,
Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming,
Werewolf the Wild West, Uktena Tribebook, World of
Darkness Sorceror and Werewolf Storytellers Hand-
book are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All
rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text
herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or
product in these pages is not a challenge to the trade-

This book uses the supernatural for settings, char-
acters and themes. All mystical and supernatural ele-
ments are fiction and intended for entertainment pur-

http://Awww.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf

Special Thanks

Cynthia "FTD" Summers, for being the (chuckle)
"lucky" one.

Rich "Bubba Fett" Dansky, for giving the gift of gooby
mock ordnance.

Mike "Oh God, It's" Tinney, for making folks nervous

by his very presence.

Fred "Outfielder" Yelk, for snatching whatever help he
can out of thin air.

Tan "He's Not Evil, He's Sweet" Lemke, for being taken
in by the Devil's wiles.

Brian "I Just Came For the Food" Glass, for enjoying
himself despite the unfamiliar surroundings.

Jeff "Penguinization" Holt, for dutifully assuming the
robes of office.

Kathy "Her Mom Made It" Ryan, for faithfully doing
the same.

Aileen "Screw Up And 1 Kill You" Miles, for maintain-
ing control till the very end.

Ethan "Force of Chaos" Skemp, for impeccable timing
with self-inflicted injuries. And all in the name ofa half-ripe
pear.

Uktena

( rr nioniemey //

|


Chapter Cwo: Society

The culture of the Uktena

Chapter Three: Around the World

The Uktena in the Pure Lands and beyond

Appendix One: Secrets of the Cribe

New Gifts, rites, fetishes and totems

Appendix Two: Uktena's Children

Five ready-to-play character templates

Appendix Three: Eber Brothers and Wise Sisters

Tribal heroes of the Uktena

ZA
~~ Contents
Introduction: Invocation of the Spirit Within
Chapter One: Speakers gt the Past
The history of the Uktena

Contents

12
14

22

36

44

53

64

Il


My uncle has been telling that story about where we came from
ever since I was a kid. Most of that story I can't tell you. My uncle
said, "Keep it to yourself."
— Louis Numkena, Sr., Hopi
I am Speaks-with-the-Wind. Here beside me are my —  clasping the evil close to our own breasts that it not suckle at
people. Hear us sing. We lift our voices in praise ‘and supplica- another's. We have lost our middle brothers, the Croatan. We

fays glories into their i 3 rage close withi
lam Speaks-with ; : 4.

e, laying sou
h our dearly bought,

warred upon: the Wyrm
unleashed what we shal of once caged.

| _ he spitits unafraid. We stand before the
our life's blood. The lands we once held and nourished are given > Garou nations unafraid, and for that, they will ever fear us. We
into others' hands. Our minds have been bent'and blackened! aby, are Uptena, and that is explanation enough.

Introduction: Invocation of the Spirit Within 13

live in daily danger, guarding that which no one else wants tosee._



vision nor our meaning as a peop
— Jimmie Durham, Cherokee

The Beginning Times

IPmnotasoldas Speaks-with-the-Wind, i e that She was finished. Yeah, She made some other
— I'm not even a Songkeeper. My name' i but this is our story. Let them tell their own
that's the only hint you're getting. 1 got tapr :
about our beginning times because some of mv
painted deerskin forever. They say it was starte
when they first awakened in thisdand, but it tells stories ofamud
older time. Each painting tells a different story. This one with th

fire that they were mere

' savages, Showever, and soothed them with snow, so the coolness
told me that goes with the painting, of reason and honor would also be theirs.
Solongago that I can't even remember it ehroigh ling my Then Gaia caught the wind as it moaned through the trees

ancestors, Gaia realized She needed children to help Her in Her
work. Looking upward, Gaia asked Luna to mak
so she could see to work. Luna filled the sky
reached inside Herself and brought forth children —
made up of Her earth and water. It took Her a long
She wanted to get each one just right. When Gaia started, Luna
was very round and full, and lots of light fell on Gaia's workplace
By the time Gaia was making Her very last children, though,
Luna had grown weary. Hér light faded ever more as Gaia worked,
then ceased altogether. Then Gaia and Luna paused for a breath: 2
With the coming of the new moon, Gaia made Her last childand"

and blew, it into Her children's mouths. With the wind's tongue
they could make beautiful howls or speak gentle words, just as the
wind could change from bitter gale to gentle zephyr. Using their
newfound speech, the children could tell tales of their bravery
and glory.

Still, Her babies were naked. Gaia pulled up wigs and grass
and stroked them onto their bodies. As She did so, the grass and
twigs became lovely fur — soft as grass, rough as twigs, so they
‘ould always be protected. She pulled forth sharp stones and
ade them into teeth and claws so Her younglings could fight.

Chapter One: Speakers of the Past 15

POL. PT OT tty //,


Because they were made of pure elements, the children's eyes
were bright, their ears sharp and their noses keen.

Pleased with Her handiwork, Gaia told Her children to look at
themselves in the mirrorlike waters ofa lake. While they did, She and
Luna gave them special newborn gifts. Gaia knew that Her children
were needed on Earth, but that they would have to travel freely
between their homes, the Earth and the Umbra. Since they so
enjoyed looking at the water's reflection, Gaia gave them the ability
to look into reflective surfaces to move from one world to another.
Such travel would introduce them to many spirits with whom they
could bargain for knowledge. Because Luna had provided the light by
which they were born, she gave them gifts of insight, knowledge of
special abilities they could pass down to their own children.

Now Gaia was very tired and didn't think She could make any
more children for a while. She also thought that Her younglings,
the Garou, could best serve by teaching Her ways to others. So She
sent som eof them to li live with humans and. some. to live with

Cie to Sather work. Sothat they wouldfitin,S

howto change from one form toatiother. Theyused their chan
forms to intetbreed with wolvesand people' where

and four legs took them dlong Oo

todo that. But people are Said sometimes "and th
enforce something called ee roe That m
cullin

and poo ae ae oo tr of Gaia
alittle sick of the whole thing, and called a lot of moots to discuss
things; and eventually most.of the. stopped.enfor
Impergium. By then, we Uket i
only had to deal with the Kinfolkandtr
to treat their Mother, but that was a lot later and someone else will
ptobably talk about it who knows more than I do.

So, that was the beginning of the Garou. You may have
heard other stories, but as any Trickster could tell you, lots of
stories lie.

War and Dispersal

Brothers and sisters, for those of you who do not know me,
my name is Daniel Bright Waters. Laughing Deer has told us of
our beginnings. Though I do not want to dispute her final words,
as a Songkeeper, I know that no story is ever a complete lie. It
seems to be my part to remind you of both our greatest and most
shameful moments. I am honored to.be chosen as the singer of
these tales, and hope to do them justice.

Time beyond time the Mother sang summons,

Calling Her bravest, Her purest to see.

Howl upon howl Her wolfling-kin answered,

16 Uktena

OE PS ET eT ER eile 2/,

Coming together, the packs from the West.

Leading their tribes, they came to Her summons,
Leaving their homeland the Brothers obeyed,
Wandering forth toward the Pure Land She promised,

Hearts lifted high in songs of glad praise.

When some tribes ceased enforcing the Impergium, humans
became more numerous. Many humans turned from their natural
place as hunters and gatherers, instead cutting into the Mother and
forcing Her to grow plants they chose over the ones that She had
first provided. As they spread the Weaver' influence across the
land, the Wyld withdrew before them. Seeing that the future would
bring only more encroachment, Gaia thought to keep the balance
by sending some of Her children to a new land. There they would
cleanse the Wyrm's foulness, utilize only as much of the Weaver's
gifts as they needed to survive and keep the land pure so the Wyld
might flourish. She hoped that if Her children brought the land

‘tt elandstha i ,
ntered way, But w we walked iny

others did. Iwill tell you some off

Outs show, t doled
of game and the doubt within our hearts. Gaia provided enough
for us that the strong survived and crossed through the gray place

- to come into a new land. As Elder and Middle Brothers, we knew

we had a duty to prepare the way for Little Brother. If we ate all
the game, our brothers would have none.

To make sure there would be enough left in each area, we
divided ourselves into families and headed in different directions.
Some went south and east, while many turned straight south hoping
to reach lands where the sun would warm them. Ever we traveled,
making camp, taking what we needed and moving on. We marveled
at the vastness and beauty of the new home Gaia had given us.
Though we crossed fields of barren ice in the north, as we moved
southward we found green hills and trees, crystal lakes and plains full
of game animals awaiting our hunters. The Wyldstill held sway in the
land everywhere we looked, unbound by the Weaver.

But the Wyrm was a different story. Great and terrible Banes
corrupted theriches we saw. Our Medicine Folk bound and destroyed
many of them as we moved through the new lands; others were so
powerful, we knew we would need all our strength and cunning to


defeat them. We marked their lairs and waited for the rest of our
brethren to join us. Now we knew what the Mother wanted of us.

Two more times we crossed over to our new home. Some
Uktena returned across the frozen ways to lead our younger
brothers. As many of our tribes traveled farther and farther south
and east and established their territories, some of us waited
through a thawing of the bridge. Many years later, the ice came
again and re-established the crossing, but some had built boats. of
bone and animal hide and used them to move a few at a time in
the interim. Little Brother Wendigo came on the second cross-
ing, and spread into the lands we had left for him among the deep
northern forests and into the plateaus and mountains of the west.
Some spread down along the western seaboard.

Finally, Gaia called one last time, and the tribes who
traveled the longest bade farewell to the few who stayed behind
and arrived to make the crossing. But the seasons had changed;
the ice had melted once again, and we had few boats. Seeing our
kin stranded on the opposite shore, some among our Medicine
Folk called out to Uktena, asking for aid. Today, many within. our
own tribe do not believe what happened next. A great and
shining scaled coil rose from the sea like the arched stone
walkways you sometimes see rise from the desert. Uktena spread
his body across the gap, making a safe roadway for our kin to cross.
When the final traveler set foot in the new land, Uktena sank
beneath the waves, closing the passage.

The final arrivals had waited along time within the cold lands
of Eurasia, however, and had grown used to life among the snow and
ice. Rather than traveling onward to the warmer lands in the south,
they took the chill northernmost region for themselves. We hadno

need to enforce the Impergium upon our tribal folk, for they knew
Nature's laws as well as we did. Some knew who and what we were.
Others only knew that we came as counselors and protectors or as
emissaries from the spirits of the land, but all respected and honored
us. Our wolf kin settled into the wilds and grew strong.

Now some among us say they came by a different road alto-
gether. They say that they sprang forth from the ground, traveling a
long way under the earth until they emerged from a great hole in the
desert. Some claim that the Mother fashioned them of mud. I donot
know the truth of this tale, only that it is not the one I learned as a
child. It is true that if we sprang forth in the Pure Lands rather than
traveling to them, then they are truly the lands meant for us, not the
invaders. Asitis, the Wyrmcomerscan claim that we were not native
to these lands either, but took them in our turn and that they merely
followed later. Perhaps both stories are true, and the Mother created
some of us here and called for the rest to come and join them.
Whatever the truth, Gaia intended for us to come here, and here we
are. Diminished now, some of us gone, perhaps forever, but we are
here still, and. perhaps that is what is important — that Uktena,
Croatan and Wendigo came into the lands they would make pure.

The War of Rage

One thing that we brought along with us we should have left
behind. I am not proud to sing this part of our story, but it must never
be forgotten. | sing of the War of Rage. Long since, we Garou had
fought a war of words with others of the Changing Breeds. As we were
Gaia's favored and best-loved children, so we believed, we should be
given first place among all. To us should go the honor and glory of


being the best warriors and the best keepers of sacred places. All others
should bow before us and make room so we might spread our numbers
to better protect and serve the Mother. Our pride knew no bounds.

From words, we progressed to attacks and to stealing sites of
power and fetishes from our near-kin. Idonot claim that Uktena were
notamong those who participated in the war. I do believe that wehad
a lesser part in it. We learned many useful healing ways from Gurahl
and honored Bear asa totern; thus we had fewer reasons to fight them.
Some claim that we sought their rumored ability to survive their own
deaths, but I do not know the truth of this. Certainly, we did too little
toshield Bear's Chosen. The same can be said for our treatment of the
Corax and Bastet. I have little doubt that both held secrets we dearly
wished to know, and for that we turned upon them (viciously, so I
have heard) or failed to help them escape from others who sought to
harm:them — at least, we did this at the beginning of the war.

Heya hey (tell me, brother)

Why does Raven fly away?

Heya ho (tell me, sister)

The others are afraid of yo
Astime moved: C

War of of Rese, ‘Had we ‘had the fall cooperation of, the other
changers, we might have fought back. Some would say we only
got what we deserved.

Still, we'were not without our shining moments. All three
of us— Uktena, Wendigo and Croatan — had a hand in binding
the Great Banes and making the land pure, and of this we may be
justly proud. Alas that our power was not great enough to heal the
rifts that opened between our tribes when the Wyrmcomers
arrived. For it was ever said among us:

spaces, hidd dens, prey huntand

The songs of power,

And within their hearts

Their brothers' trust.

Wecould not do all of those things, and so lost the last one. But
that is another story, and one that comes after our great bindings. I
have no more to say. Listen now to another, for my song is done.

Making the Land Pure

Bethsheba Dark-Walker. That's what I call myself. It is not my
name. I am an elder of the Uktena. I was born a wolf and knew the
wild best when I wasa pup. Now [ know endless waiting. Iam.a Bane
Tender. You draw away from me, I see. And well you might. Iam not
hereto tell pretty stories. Youand youand you, get up. Stand hereand
thereand there. Youwill follow what] do.Ourdancewill tell thestory
of binding the Great Banes and the coming of the Wyrmridden. You
who are born of woman may forget; the wolves do not.

This is the dance of freedom. We lupus would call it new

thing. This isa adance of death. Doy you think the Warriors and the
Tricksters and the Songkeepers and Lawgivers escaped the circle?
Then you are wrong. All died in horrible agony. Crushed,
mangled, torn apart, their bodies twisted and corrupted. Venom
spurting from their wounds. And we watched. We bound him.
The cost was great. Do not speak to me of glory, for there was none
in this. Only death and binding."

You sit down now. I will have others to dance the rest. Ones
who are not afraid of dark stories.

Mighty are they who hold within

Their hous Che Wyrmcomers

mn secrets of the Male shi Now we form two circles, each dancing toward the other, then
ighty are they w within, away. We are the Uktena and the Croatan. Sometimes we dance

Their hands together. We trade gifts. Then one or the other wantsa hunting place

The sacred rattle, or a place for a village. Both of us want the same place, and we fight.

Within their mouths

18 Uktena

OFLA PS ET OR ntiemey //,


7 ee A

Donotletanyone tell you that there were no fights among the
- Brothers. We fought a lot. It kept us strong. We do not blame the
Wyrmcomers for bringing fighting to our shores. We hate them for

taking without asking and releasing Wyrm-creatures here again.

Now. the Uktena withdraw. We travel west to the moun-
tains, leaving the Croatan along the coast. The Croatan dance in yA
triumph. They have won!

And now we dance the part of the Wyrmcomers. We sail to

in shore and land. We claim it as our new home.and build a camp.
. Middle Brother welcomesusat first, bringing gifts and offerings. But
we have brought something terrible with us. It rises above us like
a thundercloud. It eats away at us, at the land. It corrupts whatever
: it touches. Itisa Great Bane, and the newcomers are Wyrm-ridden.
| Sacrifice of the Croatan =

The Wyrm-ridden take Middle Brother's land. They hunt his
prey and desire his caerns. The Croatan now see clearly what has
come among their tribes. They know that they must fight or all will
die. The Wyrmcomers do not know how to battle the Great Bane.

: They believe Middle Brother is their enemy. Croatan asks the help
of Uktena. Our secrets are needed to bind it fast. A few of us come;
others donot. We are still angry with our brothers for winning over
us. Many donot believe that such a Bane can be loose on the shores
of the Pure Lands again. We have suffered so much to bind them.
Our caerns are linked together to keep them in our snares. We of
all the Brothers would feel it if one escaped. How can one be loose?

The land and people are falling to the Bane. It isnot one we
bound before, but.one:called Eater-of-Souls. Its rot spreads across
the land. In and out of the Umbra the battle rages. If the Great
Bane continues to grow, it will be too powerful to bind or slay. All
our Middle Brothers gather. Some Uktena stand by their sides.

- But not enough. ‘

Now we all join together. There are not enough for some to
do the ritual while others distract the Bane. All must dance the
ritual, elders and new-discovered pups alike. All sacrifice them-
selves, exploding in a raging fire and dragging Eater-of-Souls out of
the world, casting it out. Dragged along with it are all the humans
who brought it to the Pure Lands. Every one who performed the
ritual, every one of Middle Brother's children, give their spirits.
And now thete are none. All that is left is their name upon a tree
and the lonely howls.of the Uktena as we feel our brothers die.

I don't want to dance anymore. If youdo, then you are fools.

It is time I went back to tending the Banes. That is more honest
business than this moot.

War for the Pure Lands

Whatever her opinion of us, we are honored to have seen the
dances of Bethsheba Dark-Walker. I am afraid my presentation is
not so active. ] am Feng Hui Dancing-Leaves. Among the
outsiders I would be called a Philodox. Our tribe knows me as a
Peacemaker or Lawgiver.

Though I will make this as large as I can, some of you in the
back may not be able to see. I will ask for your patience, for I will
be making a sand painting. You may come forward and see it by
moving to the other side so I am in the center of a circle.


Though the colors and pattetns are beautiful, the tale they tell
isasadone. Itisa tale of family reunited after centuries apart, brothers
and sisters who did not embrace one another but fought, who did not
build together but destroyed what they did not even know existed.

Here is the outline, created from the sands I pour upon the
ground. The Pure Lands take shape. These, the copper figures, are
the Hopi, the Dineh and others of our Kin. The white manikins are
the Europeans. This golden line is the clay from which the tribes
made their pottery. The streams of green, a portrait of greed, lead
from the white men to the clay. They thought it would be gold. See
their red rage when they discover they've been fooled. They force
our Kinfolk into slavetylooking for what is not even there.

Here on the, othier coast, the Croatan have now fallen. This
brown circle shows the yoid left by their passing. Here are the
Uktena, draw us itycopper: ‘Here, chasing us from our lands, killing
our children and fercing:tis out, of our caerns are the greed-green
wolves and manikins. The blackness which lies atop them is the
Wyrtn-poison in their hearts. Green wolf meets copper. Red flows
between us. Here along thislineghe green wolves steal the rich amber
caemns just as the green manikins take the copper figures' lands.

These gray, wandering lines are the trails westward the tribes
followed as their lainds:were overrun. Each crimson blot along the
way is one of our kiry who died. The blue figures here and here are
the Kinetribes of the Wendigo. As the copper figures move onward,
theymeet with the blue. Some mingle, but most, as youcansee from

the scattering of colors, clash. Each seeks land, each needs hunting,

space. Crawling behind them comes antihstoppable waveof greer

Now yousee how green covers almostiall the lands of the East. S

It creeps toward the mountains and slithers past them: Here and
here and bere, you see the amber of the. caerris they stole has
changed to a flat grayish:creami:The lines you'could nor see, but

which held one éaern to. another, have snapped as rituals gO...

unperformed and sealsare loosed and notrenewe
lines that wouldhave been — now there are

éOlogless tears. They eat through the land, and out from these nesily:

created blackened holes within.the painting, as though emerging

from the Umbra itself, Banes once bound by copper and blue vornit.

forth to stain the painting. The Pure Lands are pure no more.

In the West a great Bane arises, born from a meeting of
Weaver and Wyrm. Loosed when green wolf takes our caemsand® *

fails to keep up the rituals, the dark purple-black clouds and jagged

yellow lightnings of the Storm Eater burst forth to cover thé lands. —

The deep brown people enter the Pure Lands, brought to rhiése.

lands by more green greed. Captured and collared, they are forced :

into slavery. The few copper wolves left in the East embrace their
fellow downtrodden, and a few more copper wolves are born.

In the West, those who were my ancestors sailed to the new
lands. See their brilliant yellow fade as they labor day by day
laying the iron-charcoal tracks of the Weaver's conveyance.
Again, the copper wolves made common cause and strengthened
themselves with more diverse newborns.

The Storm Eater ravaged the lands, turning their healthy
amber to dead ash-gray. Wolf after wolf lunged at the horror, their
bodies leaving crimson scarlet stains on the sands as they per-
ished. Then finally, green wolf and copper came together and
gave their lives to lay the Storm Eater to rest again.

Look at the painting. We move forward in time. Almost all
the lands are colored now in green. Only a few spots here and

20 Uktena

OE. EP, TT tir //,

there show copper and blue. Those lands should be thriving, but
they are almost bare. They are the poorest regions in my painting.
Even there the spiderweb white lines of the Weaver and the black
spirals of the Wyrm intrude.

The copper wolves are faded, their rage and loss blurred by
time. Some show signs of blackened taint. Gray despair and violet
sorrow rest on their backs like addictions they cannot shake. The
blue wolves howl with scarlet anger, feeding on their own rage
and frustration. While we have met and sometimes joined with
green wolf, we keep our silver secrets deep within our copper
hearts. For this the green ones surround themselves with orange
shields of distrust. Our blue wolf brothers do likewise.

This is the picture I have drawn for you. Learn from it if you
will. It is what we all inherit as Uktena. We would cooperate with
those who fight the Wyrm, but they do not fully trust us. If you
hear no other lesson, know this ong: Evenir in the presence of blue
wolf, copper wolf will always stand: alone."

The Modern Era

Well, now, they tell me I'm supposed to be talking about
modern times and the future ofthe Ukteria, Maybe they figure I'm
qualified for that ‘cause I'm blagk. We'll see. My name is Ajamu
— which means "he who fights for what‘ he'wants" — Endures-
the-Pain. My packmates mostly call me "Pain." I can guess where.
I hayen't got any fancy sand or pretty colored paint. te-show you.
I haven't got any visual interest-holders foryou at all, unless you
want to look@t my scars as I talk.

‘The formula here seems to be to thank atid honor all the
storytellers who'vé gone before me. So, thank you. You all sound
liké a bunch of outraged Wendigo on half-speed. What I've Heard
at this gathering is a bunch of sorrowful stories and a lot of
whining about how we've been wronged.

_ Know what I think? | think we need to get over it. Nobody

picked me up out of the neighborhood Flived in, and nobody's
gonna pick us up out of our self-defeat —- unless we do it for
ourselves. Some of you may wonder who am I to be dissing my
tribemates. Well, first, I'm hot much ofa storyteller, and I'm sure
not much ofa polite one. Asa Warrior, I'm méfe the fighting type
than most. tof you are probably comfortable with.
S When most of the tribes think of Uktena, they don't think very
n of the Warriors. They think of the Theurges and get spooked.
Well, I'm here to tell you, they ought to be spooked by the Warriors.
While the Theurges are sneaking around in the background messing
our foes up with magic and bindings, we're sneaking around in the
foreground to get position on whatever we're fighting to kick its ass.
And we aren't above using a little magic ourselves.

Why am I saying all this? Because it's time we quit whining
and started kicking ass again. You whimper on about "your
people" being forced to move across the continent by whitey.
Well, sister, mine got snatched and forced half way around the
world. You moan about being penned up on reservations? We got
chained up on plantations. At least you got to live alone. How
many of you ever heard of a bunch of all-black towns scattered
around the landscape? The government's talking about returning
land to the Indians and paying restitution here and there. I
haven't heard yet that they've offered to pay us back wages for
slave labor. So shut up. I don't want to hear any more crap about


"our people's forced removal" and "green wolf snarling at copper
wolf." That's over. Now's the time to fight our real enemies.

Idon't mean just jumping in and swinging at whatever pisses
us off, although we go in for a lot of that too. There's lots of ways
tofight. Some of what I was just talking about — concessions from
the government and stuff —-that's happening because someone
had the guts to stand up and fight for what's right. People are
starting to realize they've got to stop paving over every-square
inch of the Wyld and that they've got to try to save the red wolf
(which has almost disappeared from our breeding stock, I might
add). That didn't just happen. We had to battle for it both in the
halls of government and on the streets.

Pentex and their kind don't just turn the other cheek when we
win one, you know. First we have to battle to be heard. Then we
have to overcome whoever Big Business has bribed to kill our
legislation, and finally, we usually have to fight off whoever they
send around to assassinate the charismatic person who's pushing
through the.changes. We get plenty of action. We'te,makin,
progress, butnot mough. A already alot ofgoed G: u ha

all C superhiighways and housing velop ents an la
forests left atong most of eed to travel. [iste
they're penned up — ne peservations; you'
starting to get this, aren't you? — in tiny y little plots of land, where
the same genes get passed around generation after generation.
Just look at our métis, and I think you get the picture of the future
that's ahead for them — and consequently for us.

How do I know all this? I happen to be a conservation
biologist, that's how. It's my job to know it. And don't you be

looking at me cross-eyed. If you think a black warrior-scientist is

funny, you and me'll have a go-around when I finish talking.
Now, we asked ourselves, what would happen if we could

reopen those travel routes:that have been lost? Just clear away

‘the stuff that's blocking the wolves' and grizzlies' way? So we've

proposed a wildlife corridor running 1800 miles from Yellowstone
National Park to Canada's Yukon Territory. It's called Y2Y (for
"Yellowstone to Yukon," or.the other way around if you're
Canadian), and. it's being sponsored by a whole bunch of
environmental groups. In Central America there's an even
bigger plan underway that'll cross seven countries. But then,
south of here, the Bastet actually get out of their dens and fight.
Unlike us.

Why do I keep coming back to that when I'm supposed to be
talking about our future? Because right now, we have no future.
Too many of our elders are falling to the Wyrm because they're
bitter and disillusioned. Gaia knows there are some days I'd like

wronged. It
people i in the world.

re destroying

onts, not sitting in the dark
the Get of Fenris. We need
tocome out of our self- imposed isokation, share afew of our secrets
— at least the ones other Garou need to know — and get off our
butts and quit moaning about the past. Get up! Listen to me! If
I've laid bare too many hidden agendas, if I've offended you,
GOOD! Now have the guts to fight me for it, and maybe someday
you'll grow enough courage to face the Wyrm.

Chapter One: Speakers of the Past 21

OA Ps ET iio //,

gue? And they



streams on the way to your spirits. In here, in the eee :
and the heat and the moisture, you can almost feel your ody 7

ture you lose throug sie in in as — that' 8 what thi
is all about. In the sweat lodge, you renew yourself, make
yourself new. Outside, where the others gather for the n moot,

our ties with each other and remember who and wha

Myname is Tate Springwater, Tate means "great alker",
or "windy", depending on how you interpret it, and, yes, Em
‘a Lawgiver. I'm also your elder. Outside this sy
that makes a difference. Inside these walls, we' re justa
bunch of skins sitting around a pile of steaming aocks
breathing in the herbal steam and letting all/the accumu»
ated toxins ooze out through our pores. That hhakes usmore ©
or less equal — except that I'm the one who's talking and ©
you're here to listen.

‘Destroyer' s lies and tricks.

before we ae so much that we fall prey to the Great

To be Uktena is to walk willingly in shadow so the light
loes not-blind us in our fight against darkness. That shadow
ings and corrupts even as it lends us strength, however, and

‘we must takeicare to wash its stains from our hearts whenever
| weare given the chance. Too many of our tribe fail todo soand

th shadowed faces. Make certain you use the time
eat lodge to cleanse your minds.as well as your
bodies. You have been wamed;.we will speak of other things.

. You have.already heard the tellings of our history in the

now walk \

pte-moot get-together. Now you need to learn something of

out society. Most of you look like you've just come from your
Rites of Passage. This is your first real moot, isn't it? thought
so. Let's start with how and when the Uktena meet together.

Chapter Two: Society . 23


~~

Meetings

We have two major kinds of get-togethers — moots and
councils. Sometimes they happen at the same time; council
meetings often take place during or just before a moot. The
two gatherings serve different purposes. Unless you. grow
strong in the tribe and earn enough respect to call yourself
an elder, you'll probably never sit in‘on a council. But all
Uktena attend moots.

Moots

Every tribe's moots reflect their origins toa large extent.
Ours usually resemble powwows, for obvious reasons. But if
you look closely when you go outside, you'll find a lot of
other influences coloring our moots — and I use the word
"color" deliberately. Uktena, almost more than any other
tribe, come in all colors these days. I'll talk about tha

good howlers. Both those
because they.come.direetl¥ fre

ropether the head an the hearty the b
thin: ‘into bal: ce ‘So, wehave

nicety.

Uktena
excel at "treating" food at ad di
make the consumer more agreeable or suggestible. | have
also heard some Garou speak of Uktena poisoners. While
too many of us attend to the cooking at our moots for
someone to get away with such things here, I would not be
surprised to discover that the rumors have some basis in fact.
Let those who hear my words take what precautions they
will.

You'll notice a lot of gift-giving, as Uktena from differ-
ent septs exchange tokens with each other. Our Wendigo
brethren call the custom potlatch. The pale-skins corrupted
the word to potluck, which has another meaning entirely
and has more to do with food. Don't accept a gift from
anyone if you can't give something of equal or greater worth
in return. You're too new to afford the loss of Honor that
comes with failing to observe the traditions of gifting.

Besides music, eating and exchanging presents, we
have storytelling sessions around the campfire. That's where

24 Uktena

PLL PS EET DT tiny /,

Uktena Terms

As the Pure Ones grew and developed separately
from the European tribes, their terminology evolved as
well. Many Uktena don't mix Garou terms such as
"Ahroun" or "Crinos" into human speech; instead,
they prefer using human language translations of the
Garou words' meanings. The following terms for aus-
pices are the most commonly used among the Uktena,
at least in human speech.

Ragabash — Trickster

Theurge — Shaman, Medicine Worker, Medicine Folk
Philodox — Lawgiver, Peacemaker

Galliard — Songkeeper

Ahroun — Warrior

end of the moot, just before the Revel that closes our
celebration. That's when our Songkeepers lead the rest of us
in commemorating fallen Uktena and praising the newest
heroes of the tribe. The last howl is always the Death Song
of the Croatan, our Middle Brother.

Our moots are closed to those who are not Uktena —
with the exception of the Wendigo. Whenever they choose
to attend, which isn't often, we welcome our Little Brothers

to all but our most secret practices.

Councils

We hold council meetings to discuss matters of concern
to the tribe as a whole —and that's the tricky part. We come
from so many kinds of breeding stock that sometimes decid-
ing between what pertains to all Uktena and what only

"Did I mention the ‘howls? Those usually come near the .


matters to Hopi or Cherokee or Seminole or Vietnamese
Uktena becomes complicated. ,

Usually only elders speak in councils, although any
Uktena may attend all except the Great Councils. Yes, that
smacks of elitism, but then again wolf society never heard of
democracy. At least we offer a kind of representational
government. Each delegate has the responsibility of talking
to his septmates before a council begins, sothat he can make
their opinions heard as well as his own.

Many councils use a talking stick to govern who speaks
at any given time. Council members rarely interrupt one
another or talk out of turn. Instead, the one who begins the
council holds a carved stick or sometimes a peace pipe..S
long as the stick is in his hands, he may speal '
interruption.

When another attendee wishes to sa
walks into the circle and puts her h
signifying that she wishes a turn at speaki

minutes, thus passing on the counci
possessor of the speaking stick.

would probably earn you the right to hav
have to make your point quickly befor
came to claim a turn.

hold Great Councils. Each Uktena prot

representative, who is always an eld:

to teach you more respect. In

The Great Councils deba

against the other tribes who
stole our caerns, or opening up
non-Native Americans.

Usually, no overall dei
Councils, because, our.custt
agreement before ado
each individual sept decides for itself how to resolve the
topic under discussion based on everything said in the
council.

So how do we get anything done as atribe? ] suppose we
don't. Our lack of centralized government has served as both
our strength and our weakness. On the one hand, we stand
less chance of falling to corrupt leadership so long as we have
no "king," like the Silver Fangs. On the other hand, we
rarely act in concert on anything. Ancient feuds and long-
standing grievances between protectorates, racial stock or
individuals make it hard to achieve a consensus on most
matters. So, the elders go back to their protectorates and say,
"We said this in council, and the others said that, and we

decided nothing, but we all know where we stand." Then we
do as we please.

I tell you this not to criticize the efficacy of our council
system. We have, outside of the Silent Striders, one of the
best communication systems of all the Garou. Our councils
serve to disseminate information and air our thoughts so
that we know who is thinking what in any given area. And
that is the real importance of councils.

Camps

When we leave the sweat lodge and join the rest of the
agot, you'll probably receive overtures from representatives

cross-tribal friendships, but it
that you might find hard to

ther, since we came to
rve the traditions of

stock they come from.
‘ath Guides spend mg gs time living on tribal
ons, using their cloge'contact with Kinfolk to renew
spirieuality afd to bolster the morale of their

pact as "missionaries" to the
8 resurgence of interest in
their increasing popularity
n the United States, are
wk of the Earth Guides.
Guides from African, Hispanic and Asian
gone back to their ancestral homelands to
about their native traditions and thus enrich our
dge of the old ways. They're among the strongest

‘Supporters of cultural awareness movements in African-

American and Asian-American communities.

Now, their critics feel that the Earth Guides spend so
much time remembering the past that they blind themselves
to the future and forget the coming Apocalypse. The Guides
argue that reclaiming the secret knowledge of the past and
winning over others are the best ways to prepare for the
Apocalypse. A few voices (notably those of the Bane Ten-
ders) have begun to whisper that the Earth Guides may not
be so pure and conscientious as they appear to be. These
critics question the wisdom of having those who may have
become corrupted by their own success examine and pro-

_ nounce judgment upon the Bane Tenders. After all, what

better way for Banes to cripple our most staunch defenders

Chapter Two: Society 25

Y rc aici /,


amen 1a Pos EAPO

against the Great Banes than by having their corrupted
minions claim that those who defy them are tainted?

An Earth Guide Exhorts:

Every sacred dance ‘you commit to memory, every grain of
colored sand you use to make a painting binds you closer to Gaia
and strengthens Her against the coming war. Our work is twofold
— to remember and to teach.

LZ
What part of Gaia is home to the Kinfolk blood that runs in ae
your veins? How much do you know of your human ancestors .
and their ways? If you have forgotten where you came from, we : , ay
willremember it for you and show you how important itis to know
the old traditions. f
Bane Cenders

You won't find many Bane Tenders at this moot; at least
I hope they're not here in large numbers. If they are,
something is terribly wrong. Most of them spend all their
time focused on their charges, the Great Banes bound into
Umbral prisons by the Uktena
Pure Lands. og

en we first came to the

keeping: Avhat's left & b

mca be guaidian! loose a

Bane to sleep. But she sith:
nixed feelings abodt I Bas

e
easy to mistrust a:
presence of the Wyrm. The Earth Guides test the Bane
Tenders from time totitmeto make certain that they haven't
become infected with Wyrm-taint. Because of this, most
Tenders resent the Earth Guides for their perceived self-
righteousness.

e who spends so much time in the

Once ina great while, a Bane Tender will leave her post
to attend a council meeting. They are the only ones who can
attend Great Councils without an invitation. The words
spoken by a Bane Tender in council usually hold everyone's
attention. Needless to say, Bane Tenders never hang around
to socialize after meetings break up.

A Bane Tender Cautions:

The time is coming when you will kiss the ground at our feet
for our thankless vigilance. While you dance and sing and beat
your breasts over the oppression of your Kinfolk, we keep the Pure
Lands safe for your petty concerns. But we can't hold the Wyrm
at bay forever. Look no further than us for signs of the coming
Apocalypse. We are your early warning system. When we howl

A our death songs, ‘you will know the Final Battle is upon us all.

Vg at Ge ee

Skywalkers

Our tribe has a reputation among other Garou as
delvers into the unknown. In large part, this comes from the
work of the Skywalkers, who dedicate themselves to the
exploration of the Deep Umbra. The tradition of the spirit
or visionquest remains a.strong one among many of our
native Kinfolk; the Skywalkers see their travels across the
Gauntlet as visionquests for understanding and for power to
defeat the Wyrm.

Uktena Medicine Folk predominate among Skywalkers,
but many Peacemakers and Songkeepers join this camp as
well. Skywalkers comb the far reaches of the Umbra for spirit
allies. Some say they also search for signs of the spirits of our
lost Croatan brothers. They excel in finding and binding
into fetishes powerful spirits of the Deep Umbra.

They aren't all goodness and light, however. Don't be
surprised if someday you are* ‘called+upon to banish some
horror the Sk
to battle the

Y ‘would be better spent
battling the eee in the mate tel world, These critics hint
that the Skywalkers séek merely: to avoid facing up to their
greatest shame — their failure to adequately support the
Croatan in their final battle. I try not to be around when
anyone voices this charge in the presence of a Skywalker.

A Skywalker Regales:

Gaia's material beauty only hints at Her true splendor and
glory. Ihave seen the far reaches of the Umbra, and my eyes have
beheld paradises beyond imagining. I know what we fight for, for
I have had glimpses of the world as it should be. I have also found
realms of nightmare that remind me of what could happen here if
the Wyrm-triumphs. If you think we shirk our duty to Gaia by
traipsing around in the Deep Umbra, then you know nothing.
The secrets of winning the battle against the Wyrm are out
"there" — beyond the physical world. We intend to find them.


Scouts

Scouts have sewved the'tribes as messengei and explor-
ers since we came to thePure Lands. As we 5
this vast territory, Uktéita Scouts toamed i in the vanguard of
the migrating people, 1 ‘measuring the lay of the land and
noting —_ dangers = — 7 es natural within the

neuibaed ss messengers be-
tween the spirits in the U Sebra and our Kinfolk; many
Native American legend pee the spirit messengers who

iddle Worlds in wolf

form. &
act as messengers be-
sep ww tribe. They also keep
contact with U Uktena who have joinéd mixed septs. Some
it the solitary Bane. enders; seeing to
eeds and

in the places i most}
This camp attracts

respect the Scouts as necessary, to preserve the unity of
our scattered septs, others criticize them for their "lone
wolf" tendencies, considering them little better than
Ronin. Some years back, the Scouts splintered off into
two groups. Although they both nominally call them-
selves Scouts, the second group z nas Raiders —
have formed a secret vie withi Scout camp. Pll

Times chang ee
bring back word of them to you

Ghost Dancers

This camp crosses, tribal dines, "consisting g
Wendigo and Ukténa members. Like the Earth Ghiides,
Ghost Dancers réveré and preserve the: native traditions of
our human Kinfolk; like the' Skywalkers,: they search within
the Umbra for the spirits of our  Ciatan brothers and sisters.
But they. domore as well. The Ghost Dancers dedicate
themselves to.the re- -purification of the Pure Lands. They
keep alive the spirit of thes great Ghost Dance of 1889. While
Wendigo Ghost, Dancetssee their work as a preparation for
war, Uktena Ghost Dancers believe that purification of the
spirit comes before all else. If you want to know more about

28 Uktena

EE A EPS OT ET ST TY

this camp, you should find one of the Wendigo and ask her
to fill you in on the fine details.

A Ghost Dancer Rallies:

What others forget, we remember. We face our failure to
save our Croatan brothers and sisters. We honor the courage of

our Kinfolk who tried to call forth the spirits of the fallen to reclaim

their stolen lands. Going backward in time is difficult, but this is"

exactly what we must do to save the future. The ways of the
modern world hold little that can help us. Our hope lies in a
spiritual return to the old traditions.

Secret Societies

Some Garou scoff at the idea of an Uktena "secret"
society, calling it redundant. Nevertheless, we do havea few
special groups that operate without official sanction from
the elders. I don't pretend to know all of them — if] did, they
wouldn't be secret — but I've heard a few things, and I'll
share ‘em with you.

hae downright
: eee our

cou
the — count of: ‘winery
the which have fallen int}
‘ itches. They recover lost

expose
cts and

anything they find io of the wim, but their critics
accuse them of building great storehouses of forbidden lore
and items. Only the Raiders themselves know the truth.

A Raider Protests:

Everything we take from the servants of the Wyrm weakens
them. Every sacred item we rescue from a museum or the private
gallery of some bloated Leech adds to our arsenal of weapons to
use in the battles of the Apocalypse. By stealing from our enemies
and nullifying their powers, we give the armies of Gaia an edge.
When the time comes, you will be grateful to us for the risks we
take and for the stolen knowledge we bring to you.

Wyld Children

Uktena who forsake their tribe and their packs to heed
the call of the Wyld form a small society unto themselves.
Called Wyld Children by the rest of the tribe, they generally
wander far into the wilderness, into the most remote spots of
the world. There they engage in private visionquests and inner


journeys in order to grow closer to Gaia in Her purest form.
This self-imposed isolation and immersion in the Wyld makes
these Uktena grow very strange. Some of them form bonds
with Wyld-spirits, increasing their unpredictability. Although
Wyld Children rarely emerge from their secret places, some-
times one or two will attend aGreat Couneilto deliver some
obscure message or warning. We list
when we can decipher them.

i the time er the great evi come. When the spirits of the

Lost. Tribes sing their déath songs over the howling of the icy wind,
yoru wil hear the drums of war signal the Apocalypse. Listen! They
come closer Hear them and prepare yourselves.

Society of the Bitter Frost

Founded By"Atloa Red | Claw;
Worker noted for her knowledge | power, these guys have
become so embittered and disillusioned that they're right on
the Wyrm's doorstep. Some Bane Tenders go sour, their
minds darkened by their constant vigil, their bodies twisted
by the emanations of corruption, and wind up with the
Bitter Frost. Other members are usually dark Medicine

(a

"2 Choctaw Medicine

Workers and angry Warriors. Some Songkeepers belong as
well. Few Peacemakers or Tricksters agree with their aims.

The Bitter Frost has given up on peaceful and cooperative
measures.' They want it all — the recovery of stolen Uktena
caerns, powerful fetishes, knowledge and power—even if that
power comes from brushing too close to the Wyrm's servants
or using the Wyrm's power to augment their own. Hell, they
have the balls to claimthatif. Wyrm fetishes are in their hands,
they aren't being used by O of the, Uktena.

I heard several members of the § ciety have contacts
among Black: ‘Spiral Dancer§ and other Wyrmspawn. They
claina that association with such contacts gives them.
edge of arid insight into their foes they could gain noo er
way. It's no surprise that they never allow the Earth Guides
to examine them; whether because they know thar Wyrm-
taint will show or because they trust no one but themselves,
onlythey know: ‘The smost: radical elements among the
Bitter Frost aren't above slaying European Garou to reclaim
Uktena irems of power, A nasty piece of work, this bunch.

A Member of the Bitter Frost
Speaks:

Stupid, arrogant pup! Do not think that the war will be won
through peaceful means and Gifts given to ‘you on sunny, summer
days. Knowledge powerful enough to be effective must be won through
harsh trials and honed to perfection through intense concentration and
sacrifice. Winter' s bitter frostis the only bite strong enough to tear out
the throat of the Wyrmspawn we encounter daily. Do not presume to

Chapter Two: Society 29

ea


tell me my business until you are as old — and scarred, and powerful
— as I am, or I will teach you what true power means.

Path. Dancers

; , she ou | papal ers ae: ly the
ness." Those who prove one of the hoi ae eb
Hip? ind u ae everything ab t the p f tin
I can see that you've been trying hard not to stare at my
twisted knee. You're wondering whether it's a battle scar or if
Icame into the world with my feet facing in two directions. For
your information, I'm metis. It took me along time to earn the Zl

rank of elder, longer than it will probably take most of you —
if you survive what I've been through. While you're checking
out theknee, take a good hard look at the scars on my thigh and
this slash across my abs. Those came from battles with Black
Spirals and fomori and a few creatures of the Wyrm you've
probably not heard of yet. Gaia doesn't waste Her children,
even the ones born on the wrong side of the Litany.

So, let's talk about breeds.

ig te drew strong ‘and hearty.
invasion of the white célonists, all chacchanged. Fur
aughtered" wolves. for their pelts. tr sey and
pioneers: saw ‘them as : re

places known ofly tous: Thus, we Rept our gee ‘ain alive
— barely. Some Uktena work with environmentalists and
conservationists dedicated to reinserting gray and red wolf

populations into their natural habitats. Slowly, we are
seeing the rebirth of our four-footed Kinfolk. -

My advice to you cubs is to breed with:a wolf when and

if you get the opportunity. You will doa service to Gaia and

to the Uktena if you do.

Metis

Inthe days before the Europeans came, there were few metis.
We had ample human and wolf Kinfolk, and did nétneed to turn
to one another in defiance of Gaia's law. Even now, metis births
among the Uktenaaré rare. lam proof that theydo exist, however.
While I afi not proud that my birth has leftme sterile and twisted
in body, | will never shirk my duty as one of Gaia's chosen.

Uktena do not immediately destroy metis pups —
obviously, Instead, we give them the opportunity aie we
themselves worthy. Metis Rites of Passage are often more
arduous than those assigned to lupus othomid ¢ ubs And the
testing does. not end with our acceptance into the tribe.
Since we cannot breed; we must st showin other waysthat we

Many homid members of our tribe grow up on reserva-
tions. Instead of feeling individually isolated, they share their
Kinfolk's experience of separation from the great American
mainstream. This is not necessarily a bad thing for an Uktena.
For these fortunate ones, the transition from apparent human
to Garou comes with slightly less trauma; many, in fact, know
from early childhood who they are and what they will become.

Others are not so fortunate. Humans who carry Uktena
blood within them have spread throughout society, and
their homid children often suffer the same: problems as other
Garou; their families consider them strange : opalienated or
troublemakers. At least until the Change.

Notall Uktenacome from Native American tribes. Wenow
claleihumans of African, Asiati and Hispanic descent as our
Biiclren afew particle erg and enlightened white

That tenes me to the. matter af Kinfolle and of leaving
this sweat lodge and taking a ganderat théactiyities outside,
Take this stone knife and scrape the sweat and dead skin off
your body. We'll pick up this discussion again once you've
changed into your fancy clothes. Hey, this is a party.

Kinfolk

Right now, our moot resembles a powwow in more ways
than one..Most of the people here are not Uktena, they're
Kinfolk. Later on, we'll move our festivities to another part
of this campsite, where we can perform our rituals in private.

But for now, we join with our human brothers and sisters to
celebrate our common bonds.

Unlike some European tribes, we have remained close to
our Kinfolk. We do not keep them at a distance or patronize
them. Since we had less need in the Pure Lands for the
Impergium, our human flock had correspondingly less cause to
fear us. Instead, they considered us as spirit brothers and sisters.
I understand the Delirium doesn't run quite as strong among

ive. ins thar it does in most other humans.

A ep up theft | human ties, living at least
ne with their rKinfef families and ¢ even helping to raise

ee in tum, many of our Kinflk toe to.us for protection;

healing and wisdom. me ety poy to ple them.

Snentokes may Rite Astigticarisyer tf course
history has resulted in the mixing a Oftribal lines.
Take the Cherokee, example. They, ttaveled along theOhié
Rivér down into the Tennessee: Valley and ovet i into the
a Plateau and Mississippi Basin. Then the Ameri-

ie ov vernment decided they needed Cherokee land for their

¢ igration| relocated the Cherokee to Oklahoma,
y displaced some other tribes; ny of a -

g stock. So dos some of he Sects and Navaho. The
igo also breed with these latter tribes. We have Kinfolk
al : ong the Zuni and the Hopi, the Ute and the Miwok. For the
most part, our Kinfolk come from.the more: settled tribes —
village dwellers and farmers The ess choose nomadic

I've said that a few times ee I know, but it
ant factor in our-tribe's survival. Many of our
from cultures that have been repressed and
disenfranchised by mairistteam American society. We see
thepawerand beautyof these forgotten and ignored peoples.
ome the strength and diversity they bring to our
tribe, 12S. ell as the secret lore'of their wise ones.

_ Later on in the evening you will see African dances per-
formed alongside those of our Native American Kinfolk. You will
also hear some Gullah folk tales. Right now that music you hear
comes from Juan Rides-the-Storm, a virtuoso on the Andes pipes.

We even have a few Uktena who come ftom Caucasian
stock. Usually they have at least a little Native American blood
in them somewhere, but not always. Remember all those stories
about white folks who were captured by Indians and raised as
members of their captors' tribes? Well, some of them got a good
dose of Kinfolk blood. Every now and then, we'll discover ablue-

Chapter Two: Society 31

EE. PT LT ieiemey //,

S


eyed, red-haired member of our tribe. We forgive them their
strange appearance and accept them into our ranks.

Adoption

Adoption is another tradition among most tribal people.
Sometimes Garou of other tribes will find they have more in
common with us than with their tribemates. We scrutinize
these candidates carefully, submitting them to a rigorous
round of testing — almost as if they were metis — before we
put them through the Rite of Adoption. We've had some
defectors from the Fianna, Children of Gai
some cases, from the ranks of the Bon:
does not give us rights over the Ki

The £

recitation of the Litany. These lawsHave
of the Garou since the oldese-ti
authorship of these rules
the Fianna—but the Litz

Itany

automatically de
Neither do we k L

result in metis births. We dO punish those who brea
We recognize, however, that lapses do happen. W.
harsher if there were more - of bu

Combat the Wyr rm vm Wherever It
Dwells and Whenever Jt Siees -

like some of the more Pot headed' tribes.
our battlegrounds wherever possible.

Respect the Territory of Another

I wish that the European Garou had paid more atten-
tion to this portion of the Litany. Over the centuries, we
have lost many of our caerns and our territorial claims to
other tribes. The thought of how little respect other Garou
have had for our territory still raisés a lot of hackles and
makes this part of the Litany particularly hard to swallow.
We do tend to honor the boundaries of our Wendigo kin
more than we do those of the European land-stealers.

32 Uktena

OA Ps TT TY,

Accept an Honorable Surrender

This principle goes through a lot of cultural filters in its
interpretation. We no longer consider a warrior who surren-
ders in battle as one of the spoils of war, to be adopted into
the tribe or else ritually killed as native customs warranted.
Many of us still require some token from a surrendered
enemy —a form of counting coup. Of course, this part of the
Litany only applies if the enemy is either Garou or some
other worthy opponent. Creatures of the Wyrm, witches
and dishonorable foes can forget about surrender.

ission to Those of Higher Station

of sowing respect to elders comes natu-

dom. Problems occur, however,
European stock. Some of us still
en,

lem. Usually the best
goto the ablest of our
inds over to a Caern

8. It is is Sted at some of our Aztec Kinfolk once
of human flesh, but we stopped

er for usto trust some of their practices. While
at some, Uktena break this prohibition, I

Respect hs Those beneath Ye — All
Are of Gaia

We recognize that everyone has an honored place in
Gaia's scheme. This is one reason why we get along so
well with our Kinfolk. Within the tribe, we understand
that elders teach the young so that they, in turn, can take
our place. We have no reason to flaunt our rank, except
maybe to some of the other tribes who lay great store in
titles.


The Deil Shall Not Be Lifted

For the most part, we support this portion of the Litany

as stated. We do make some exceptions for those Kinfolk

who can accept us for what we are. We make no apologies
for placing our trust in worthy humans.

Do Not Suffer Thy People
to Tend Thy Sickness

We recognize that great age often brings great wisdom,
and treat our most ancient elders with the respect they
deserve. Part of being wise, however, consists of knowing
when it is time to quit the mortal world and return your spirit
to Gaia. Some of our old ones choose to undergo a final

visionquest into the Umbra to face their deaths alone with
Gaia. Others seek to fall in battle, either at the hands of a foe

c he Leader May Be Challenged —
at Any Time Dy in

Che Leader May Not Be
eee During Wartime .

} Hy:
Ye Shall ck Yo Action Chat.
Causes a 1 Caern to Be Violated

every descendant of those who stole. our caerns in their greed

for land and power. Our caerns suffered rampant violation by
European Garou during the last century. In some cases, we
refused to allow the usurpers to claim our sacred places.
Instead, we sealed them away and refused to divulge their
locations to their new "owners." For this, many tribes con-
demned us. We saw our actions as justified. The European
Garou reintroduced the Wyrm into our Pure Lands. Could we
peacefully hand over our caerns to the murderers of the
Croatan? Would the totem spirits of these places accept such
unworthy successors? In the apparent breaking of this part of
the Litany, we actually upheld the principle at its heart.

Spirits

Let's change the subject before I get carried away by my
anger. I'm here to teach you about the ways of the Uktena,

not indoctrinate you with my own private fury over those
who have despoiled our sacred ground.

One of the highlights of any Uktena moot involves
calling on the spirits and inviting them to participate in our
festivities. In order to appreciate the importance of this
portion of the moot, you need to learn a little about the
spirits associated with our tribe.

Next tothe Silent Striders, we have the closest relationship
with the spirit world of any Garou. Our quest for knowledge has
taken us down many strange paths in the Umbra, and we have
learned many secrets about the spirits who dwell there.

Cotems

If you haven't already found a totem spirit — and as cubs,
you probably haven't — you will soon enough. In fact, chances

one rests an enormous Semsione.
thinking, Uktena represents the best and

suffers from his more sinister nature. Uktena is not what I
would call a "friendly" spirit. He prefers wile and subterfuge
over openness and gullibility. He knows far more than he is
willing to tell — and expects those who honor him to
discover things for themselves. Above all, Uktena isa totem
of Wisdom — not Honor, not Glory. Wisdom and nobility
of heart do not always make the best companions.

Some tribes contend that Uktena seemsa little to close to
the Wyrm in appearance and mien for comfort. Before you get
cross-eyed with Rage and go haring off to defend your tribal
totem, let me speak the truth — as I see it — on the matter.

Long, long ago, before the Wyrm grew mad and began its
destructive rampage on the Weaver and the Wyld, Uktena did
indeed serve the Wyrm. It was Uktena, the Grand Unlocker
of Secrets, who uncovered the methods by which the Wyrm

could unmake some of the Weaver's most complex creations.

Chapter Two: Society 33

y nS ently 2/,

are that you'll end up allying with iene totems. First of a

st aspects of our tribe. In'some circles, his reputation


‘of \ 7 =<

When the Wyrm "turned," Uktena could no longer give his

allegiance to what the Wyrm had become. He offeted his

services to the Wyld, and has served as its secret-gatherer ever
since. This is why those of us who serve Uktena spendso much
time trying to ferret out knowledge and steal lore from Wyrm-

creatures; in many cases, we're just taking back things Uktena
discovered in the first place. But don't let the other tribes know
this. It would not only give them the ammunition they need
to move against us, but it would.also spoil their paranoid fun.

Frog

Frog appeals to many Uktena Tricksters because of her
surprising movements and her lightning-fast tongue. Frog's
nature allows her to claim both land and water as her home. In
the legends of many North and South American tribes, Frog
controls the weather, calling down the rain with her voice. Over
the course of her lifetime, Frog undergoes a drastic transforma-
tion —from fishlike tadpole to her adult form. While Frog loses
her mobile tail in the process, she also gains the ability tosurvive
outside of her primary element. There are lessons aplenty that
Frog can teach a young Uktena about change and adaptability.

Elephant

Some Uktena with African or Asian Kinfolk have taken
Elephant as their-totem. Besides his massive strength and awe-
some presence, Elephant has an important place in the legends of
Africa, India and Southeast Asia. Associated with magic and
prophecy, Elephant also controls the monsoons in India. El-

to

-ephants have served humans as mounts for royalty and as war

beasts; their formidable size and presence cowsenemies faced with
awalking wall of death. You could find no stronger spirit ally than
Elephant, especially if you are one of Uktena's Warriors.

Qoadrunner

Roadrunner hasa following among many Uktena in the
American Southwest. Known for her astonishing quickness,
Roadrunner symbolizes speed of thought and mental agility.
While other birds take to the air to escape their foes,
Roadrunner relies on-her fast legs to carry her to safety.
Roadrunner finds water in hidden places, using cacti as
sources of moisture. If you believe that it is better to think
your way out of trouble than to confront it head-on, Road-
runner would not be a bad totem for you to follow.

Ancestor Spirits

Many of our Kinfolk's tribes hold the spirits of their
ancestors in great reverence. It's the same with us. Through our
knowledge of our past lives, we can sometimes touch upon
these wise teachers and mentors. Many Garou have this
ability, but we use our connection with the heroes and legends
of our past to give thanks to them as well as to seek their advice.

Tonight, you'll see a special rite performed in which our
Shamans will call upon their ancestors to joinus. Ifthishappens,
the ancestor's spirit enters the body of the Shaman enacting the
rite. For the rest of the evening, that spirit speaks and acts

Uktena

Oe

ae


through her host, giving us the benefit of her presence and
enjoying once again the pleasures of the material world. When
the moot ends, before the final Revel, the ancestor-spirit departs
"her borrowed body and returns to the Umbra. Seeing this
happen is both unnerving and exhilarating. Imagine sharing a
howl with Old Red Eagle or Grimscowl Bisonbreath! -

Sometimes, noone answers the caller. We donot pretend

to control those who have given their spirits back to Gaia. ©

The Task of Knowledge:
the Great Adviction

The search for knowledge andthe uncovering ofsecrets -

- lie ‘at the heart of our tribe. We are the Delvers into the
- Unknown,' the Unlockers of Doors and the Solvers. of
Puzzles. Our desire for acquiring hitherto unknown lore
strikes many as insatiable. They are right: For us, satisfying
our curiosity is an addiction. We cannot stand the thought
that there is something "out there" that we do not know.

Our search for knowledge has many parts. We look for
new information, preserve the knowledge we possess and
seek to regain what we once knew and, to our shame, forgot.
Listen carefully now, and I will tell you of both our greatest
‘asset and our greatest shame.

Things Remembered

occasionally some of the Chang-
fets we keep to ourselves.

A days of the European "caern-jackers." The
ld dearly love to know where these places
€an reassert our inviolate claim to them —

Things Forgotten

Now, this piece of information has got to remain absolutely
secrét. Some elders believe what I am about to say is too sensitive
toentrust to mere cubs, but] disagree. I feel that knowing this will
confirm your membeiship in our tribe and that once you hear my

~ words, you will instinctively keep from spreading it around.

You ‘have heard about how the Uktena, Wendigo and
Croatan bound away the Great Banes that infested the Pure

Lands. You also know about our Bane Tenders, who devote

themselves to guarding the ‘resting places of these bound
Wyrmspawn. Unfortunately, we don't have enough Bane Ten-
ders to go around. More than this, the high incidence of Uktena
deaths during the last century's battles over territory led to the

~ Joss of some vital bits of information — such as the locations of

some of the sites where these Bane creatures are bound.
This is not the sort of knowledge you want spread

around. The other tribes already distrust us; even our Little

Brother Wendigo blames us — unfairly — for the death of

‘the Croatan. To add to that our shame at having "lost" a few

Great Banes would cause. more than mild consternation

-among the Garou Nation. Yeah. You begin to understand.

So, this is part of what our insatiable curiosity is all about.
In additig torecovering stolen magic and learning new pieces
of hidden lore, we Uktena are frantically searching the Pure
Lands for clues to the locations of our misplaced Bane-prisons.
In all your travels, both in and out of the Umbra, regardless of
what else:you seek, you should keep your senses alert to signs
that might lead you to discover one of our missing Banes. The
tribe + and.Gaia — will thank you (in secret) for it.

But I've talked enough for now. If I don't stop, you'll
miss out on the early evening's festivities. Go and mingle
with your tribemates. Eat, drink and celebrate what it means
to be Uktena. Don't overlook your Kinfolk, either. Remem-
ber, you're still low cubs on the totem pole, so to speak.
Respect everyone you see, and you should get along just fine.

Later, when we break off from our human guests, I'll
send Ayoluwa Sings-Beneath-the-Moon, one of our most
skilled Songkeepers, to find you and continue your educa-
tion. Look for the tall, imposing woman decked out in
Nigerian finery. She's hard to miss. .

Chapter Two: Society 35

OLE POT Le TT ST



First ‘Change and manage
although it was difficult. now holdadegree in'F : ut steadily growing population of Uktena. We
Cultural Studies from the University of Georgia. Among. ay dilfer cutwataly from you, but our Garou blood marks
y the Uktena, | am a Songkeeper. ywyaswe begin the us as Uktena's sons and daughters.

private part of our moot, I am here as your teacher.

Chapter Three: Around theWorld 37

OP PT Sh iio //,

The American Southwest

The Southwest holds the greatest concentration of Native
American Uktena. These lands were, and in some cases still are,
home to the Pueblo Indians, the Apache, the Pima, the Yaqui,
the Utes and the Dineh, or Navaho. The Western Band of the
Cherokee Nation has a reservation in Oklahoma, as do other
displaced Southeastern tribes. Many Uktenga in' this area still
dwell among their Kinfolk, acting as wisdom keepers and
shamans and encouraging the preservation of traditional ways.
Here, too, the incidence of Hispanic Uktena is increasing.

The Rest of the
United States and Canada

In the 19th century, the forced removal of many tribes
from their homelands to reservations resulted in a great
dispersal of Native Americans. Because of this, many of our
Southwestern Kinfolk suddenly found themselves relocated to
the Canadian border. Although Uktena still come from these
tribes, more and more Wendigo claim them as Kinfolk.

Since the Wendigo breed exclusively with Native
Americans, we have adopted the African-American and
Asian populations of the Northeast and Midwest as Kinfolk.
The Wendigo do not realize what a great storehouse of
secrets and powerful magics they have rej ected in confining
their breeding habits to one group of people; we are only too
happy to take advantage of their blindness). =.

South and Central America

Although a few Uktena still arise from the native peoples
of Mexico, Central America and parts of South America, the
other Changing Breeds have claimed most of the Amazon as
their territory. We do not challenge them out.of respect for
their anger at our deeds during the War of Rage. -

Africa and Asia

The only Uktena you will find in Africa:and Asia are
the ones who have decided to visit those countries to learn
more about their origins or to explore the homelands of their
newest Kinfolk. Though some Uktena were left behind tong
ago at the first crossing into the Pure Lands, lack of Kinfolk
sympathetic to our ways and bowing to the claims of the
Bastet led to our virtual extinction there for many years. I
intend to travel to my ancestral home sometime next year,
if Gaia permits. Africa has many secrets we have only begun
to discover. I want to be one of the discoverers.

Australia

Since the extermination of the Bunyip, a few Uktena
have found Kinfolk among the aboriginal tribes of the
Outback. The Sept of the Waking Dream is-the primary
Uktena outpost in that distant continent.

4 Ch Ga

or

‘

>

\
1

«0 ih

\
X

t

Zi

*
2

be,

Pegs,
Woe,
fi

TT PANN
aeoner™

\

v


‘a

The Rest of the World

That leaves Europe. Only a few of us have traveled to the
homelands of the Fianna, the Black Furies and the Get of
Fenris. We understand that Russia has become off-limits for
casual travel. We believe that a few of our tribemates may exist
in Mongolia and Siberia, descendants of Uktena who re-
mained behind when the rest of us crossed into the Pure Lands.
We may never know the truth of that belief, however.

The Umbra

Some of us spend a lot of time on the other side of the
Gauntlet. The Skywalkers, in particular, often prefe
Umbra to the physical world, claiming that they y
see the true face of Gaia than Her pale and
visage. Most of us undertake visionquests in the
we seek answers to questions many other Garo

One People

Long, long ago, w
the Croatan:and the. Wer
ridden brothers and sis sis

luxury off $Sieining a tribe apart.
that include Garou who do not
know what to expect from chem, |
of the other tribes. You will form y
more from first-hand experience

Black Furies -

- The-passion for the Wyle that drives
garners our respect. Their comm
women, and children demonstrat

_as part of Gaia's creation. Althc

tribes of Garou invaders, they h
same greed for land and breeding ris
The Furies have worked with usin the particularly
with female members of our tribe. They make excellent
packmates, so long as you do not arouse their anger.

@one Gnawers

Most of this tribe has sacrificed its honor and pride on the
altar of survival. When they arrived in the Pure Lands, the Bone
Gnawers possessed a hardiness that made them among the most
clever and resourceful, if unscrupulous, of the Wyrmcomer
tribes. Now their affinity for the cities of the Weaver hascrushed
their spirits, turning them from the hardy Garou who once
survived in an unfamiliar land to cowering dogs. Those who live

in the backwoods and hinterlands still retain some vestige of the
Wyld, but most of them have degenerated into cringing
bootlickers. Should you join a pack that includes a Bone
Gnawer, appreciate her ability to scrounge up information from
the dregs of human society, but do not expect her to come
roaring to your defense in life-and-death situations.

Children of Gaia

Although they came to the Pure Lands with the other
Wyrmcomers, the Children of Gaia tried harder than the other
tribes to understand our ways. Even today, many of them show
acreditable willingness to live among our Kinfolk and learn our
traditions in order to atone for the misdeeds of their ancestors.
tanding of Gaia's healing ways and their compas-
t have helped smooth relations between us and
arou. They are loyal packmates, although their
.sometimes render them easy targets for the
. Trust them, but do not confide in them.

ng of the ways of the warrior. Ithas taken usa long
come our bitterness enough to appreciate what we
have in common with them — a love of native traditions,
folklore, song and dance. Their recklessness and lack of
control make them dangerous and foolhardy at times. If you
choosea Fiannaasapackmate, remember that they value glory

over wisdom and like nothing better than a good fight.

Get of Fenris

Along with the Fianna and the Silver. Fangs, these
Garou led the hordes of European invaders. Their ferocity in
battle is legendary, but their innate sense of superiority
makes them difficult to treat with as equals even today. They
often refuse to see the wisdom in any culture other than that
of their Kinfolk, or in any way that favors gentleness over
strength. If you share a pack with one of the Get, be ready
for accusations of weakness. They do not understand any-
thing but fang and talon, and respect no one but the strong.

Chapter Three: Around the World 39

a

S|


-

Glass Walkers

When they came to the Pure Lands, the Glass Walkers
(who were not called by that name in those days) brought
the force of the Weaver to bear upon our wild places. While
we dislike many of the changes they imposed upon the
world, we acknowledge their superiority in the secret ways
of the Great Spider. Like the Bone Gnawers, they have lost
most of their connection to the Wyld, but they have not
abandoned their pride or spirit in the process. Their knowl-
edge of the Weaver's portions of the Umbra will prove useful
to us in the coming days. Cultivate their company if you
wish to learn their secrets, but do not expect them to treat
you as anything other than a slightly backward child.

Red Talons

Their intolerance of humans deprives them of an under-
standing of our true nature as both wolf and human. Although
we admire their single-minded devotion to combating the
Wyrm, we can only shake our heads at their total lack of
understanding of all the skills needed to defeat our great enemy.
We do not wish to fight them for the right to breed with the
world's diminishing wolf population, but we cannot afford to
allow them toclaimall wolvesas their Kinfolk. Some individual
Red Talons have demonstrated an uncharacteristic tolerance of
human ways; these are the most apt to join mixed packs. If you

have a Red Talon for a packmate, know that she will judge you
by your adherence to the ways of the wolf and that the concepts
of compromise and subterfuge mean nothing to her.

Shadow Lords

The European Garou accuse us of practicing guile and
secrecy; they should look instead at their own tribe of insidious
connivers hovering in the shadows from which they take their
name. In their ambitious schemes for power among the Garou,
the Shadow Lords seem to have forgotten that they battle the
Wyrm first and foremost. Watch them carefully at all times, and
be thankful that they did not lead the charge across the Pure
Lands. As packmates, their devious methods can often turn

defeat into victory, a skill much needed in these times when the

Wyrm's minions have learned to subtlely manipulate affairs
from behind the scenes. Learn their art of manipulation without
falling prey to their corrupt and cynical outlook.

Silent Striders

These Garou know the secrets of the Dark Umbra in
addition to many other bits of ancient and forgotten lore. In
some ways, they are asclosemouthed with their knowledge as we
are. If we could convince them to share their wealth of informa-

tion with us, both our tribes would benefit. Unfortunately, they

donotremain long in one place, and if youshare a pack with one,

40 Uktena

ELE Ps OTS LT inion //,

L


Chapter Three: Around theWorld 41
OE, IP, Te riley //,

chances are it will only be for a short time. They had little part Ot h <4 r AY

in the invasion of our lands, and, in fact, tried to act as mediators
between us and the Wyrmcomers. Their explorations of the

Umbra in the 19th century alerted them to the dangers caused gxistence a secret from the world of mortals? Of course you do.

by the carelessness of the European Garou. We credit them for You wouldnotbe Uktenaif you were not curious about the other
trying to warn the other tribes of the Storm Eater's escape. We Changing Breeds or the Leeches or the spirits of the dead.
would do well to cultivate Strider allies when we meet with

them, for their secrets often complement our own.

You want to know about the others who must keep their

I will tell you a little of what I know of them, and of the
dream-folk, and the human shamans and witches as well. If

S ilu er F an g 5 you are not satisfied with what I say, go seek them out for

yourselves and make your own determinations about them.
We do not acknowledge their claim to the leadership of .
the Garou. They were among the first wave of invaders from Th e Ch an gl hg Br e eds
Europe. We hold them responsible, along with the Fianna,
the Glass Walkers and the Get of Fenris, for Joosing: ; the

Storm Eater and its minions in the last century
to swallow our resentment of their presence

Ourelations with the other Changing Breeds suffer
it Past misdeeds. Although we came late to the War
ceased our participation in it early, the blood of

never the opportunity arises.
es of our Kinfolk revere not only Wolf,

seek out these other beloved of Gaia and atterntst to ve
alliances with them whenever we can. __

In particular, we act to preserve. the Kinfo
Gurahl. In many parts of the world, the great bears have
vanished. In North America, bears.still exist.in numbers

that give us hope for their survival. Our promotion of efforts
e bear population only begins to repay our debt
t-folk we persecuted so long ago.. fs
The Pumonea and Qualmi do not easily forgive us, but

Do not Shack down from ees snd he will resp

S targazers

for dheir Kinfolk came here as victims anstedd of pei ero
Their purposes in the modern world are unclear to usdesp
our attempts to bring them to light. They possess an inner do what.we can from the sidelines. We: did not hunt the
harmony that we admire even as we find itdifficult to obtain Qualmi as the Silver Fangs did so long ago — ‘that is why
for ourselves. Their love for pure mysticism, however, often they died in Europe, ‘but survived here. We meet our cat-
blinds them to the truths held by othe bes — including cousins sometimes during powwows where we have a com-
ours. Loooften have wesought them.out to share knowledge — mon tribe. At such times, we dance carefully around each
with them, only to discover that they wantnothing wehave . othe a ,
to offer. Ifyouare fortunate enough to meet one of these tare a The Nuwisha and Corax remind us of the value of
and solitary Garou, value her counsel if ‘ i tricksters. We let them laugh for us in these grim times. We
it, but do not expect to understand everything she! has to. say. — donot try to infringe on their territory, either. If you should
fall victim toa Nuwisha's prank or find your pockets emptied
Wendigo :

by aclever Corax, consider your experience as giving honor
to Coyote or Raven. Do not let your Rage overcome your

The loss of the Croatan weighs heavy upon the hearts yo ven 0 HOE Tet Your mae come you
of our Little Brothers. That they hold us partially responsible

wisdom.
for that great tragedy only increases their suffering and sense The children of Grandmother Spider hold many se-
of isolation. Their totem, the cannibalistic Wendigo, re-

crets which we would dearly love to know. The Ananasi,
minds us too much of the Eater-of-Souls; we fear that some

however, remain reluctant to show themselves, much less
.. . . . . reveal their hidden lore. They spi i aver's webs
vestigial taint has remained to infect Little Brother. They th en lore. They spin their We
must temper their anger with wisdom and open their eyes to

perilously close to the Wyrm. Approach them with extreme
their own shortcomings, or else, they, too, will disappear

caution, if at all. Do not do one of the spider-folk harm
from the world. A Wendigo packmate may criticize you for unless you have proof that she has fallen to the Wyrm.
not being as true to the old waysas she is, but she will support

you in any disputes with Garou from other tribes.

Only a few of us have occasion to encounter the Mokolé
and survive. Our tribemates who live in the Everglades and
the bayous occasionally report that they have seen (from a
distance) one of the Dragon's Children. They do not forgive


or forget, so allow them their tetritoryand do not attempt to
approach them. Perhaps one day, their anger will subside. _ €
Do not count on it.

Dampires.

‘The walking dead: are an-affront t Gaia. Eve jarou
knows this. Still, the Wyrm has servants who present a greater —,
threat to Gaia than these unliving mockeries. We tarely waste rl . ain,
our time and energy pursuing Cadavers; we leayé thattothe Red Wi its TIN .
Talons and the Get of Fenris. Neither: do we attempt to coexist re 18
with al asdos someof oe cae and the Glass Walkers. iY] il uN

its

Tou = mw

fA

Ch
,

possess. ‘the secrets si magic and sit. ‘up
learning: Thesei interest us; We have rec

Tut ia Lin
i \h
can, but the . et er ie .dge comes first. ir el iy iN
Someday, your r curiosity 1 you to strike up an A ri,
acquaintance with one of the Leeches. You will not be the first il! rycen

Uktena to do so. Remember that they are subtle and deceitful.
Do not trust‘them, arid do not meet their gaze. Above all, do
not drigk the foul; eloeae! blood that powers their existence.

Wraiths -

i,

Kinfolk know that the hak &
destruction if they are not app . We have learned from
them how to banish these angry its from the world as well
as howto bind theminto fetishes, Spirits are spirits, after all.
We also ‘believe, that the spirits of our ancestors — our
human predecessors wach o overus. If we listen carefully, we
can Kear their voices in the wind and feel their presences in the
night. Do not fear the dead. They, too, are part of Gaia.

Madi. i ‘ 4 le 7

Humans who practice the ways.of powet fall i into two
categories. The ones who use their gifts tohelp. others we call
shamans arid: medicine folk. Our native tribes have their
Dreamspeakers, whose know ledge of the Umbra rivals ours.
We welcome their company, for many of them understand
and respect our dual natures. In the past, we have worked
with these workers of goodinagi¢, and have shared | seme of
our knowledge of, healing and weather working sthem.

We call those who seekpower for personal ;

ee a a rhe LO FEC rena)
8.8, g =
2a. S. g Fe
oO
222 oI 3 8
Baa o Bee
85249 28
gees. eae
BREF ae
5 ° eon pmo
Ret Be ( s
& Beg Se. He
By
ct oe
Tt a5:
G58 ea ee
Zoe @ gee
"£5 3.6 2
Bee ea Be
poles Be
Be 2 5 25
Ca > ae
#9 ie
coe & % S
Be me ot wy
Sees. zB:
a &
ot
6 3
eo |
lary fo)

or sorcerers, They earrupt the use of their abiliti s, twisting
them to selfish ends. ‘Though most mages do not actively

Ver. unfamiliar mage,
hy determing first "whether she is a "medicine worker or a

sorcerer before you decide how to deal with her.

Ag >) Ga Pe ee

Remember, too, that witches and sorcerers seek out
places‘of: Power to réplerish their magica i! energies. Do not
i ‘Tre eye Leeches, they

the col ptiorl of he Wid. They

xe cee ue us of
WWwn pez the healing of-our'damaged world.
Although we shate a I6ve for the Wyld, they.carmir always
handle our Rage: We id them when we can and ve our
: . . t A : se f
The magic of the dream-folk remainselusive: and insub- Fo
stantial, made from th Somat that form ms their
spirits. Dano
desu

er comes from tKe:Bartes: who have bonded' svithy
als ga them away from. within. Some: Rove

fe

Ae We oe her ee we can turn. ‘these' {From
back on those who created them or use them to destroy what
the ‘Wyrin-minions hold dear. Imagine what they hai
make a against Pentex and its ille! ;

The Blessing of
UKtena __.

[hope my words have aroused your curiosity about the
world and your place i in it,,.You.ar Uktena, the Seeker o of
Hidde Knowledge.; AW eard from'me 4g but
the begi ngs of what yor will discover in your lifeti¢ne.

d stent: to ‘the tales they have to tell. Soniediy, you
i NO} nas ery own to p shiere with the get us.


ge ee


This was the way of it
Let the story fires be lighted

Let our circle be strong ant, full of medicine d

ae

Cribal Weakness

An optional rule was intradiced in the first
Werewolf Tribehook: tribal weaknesses. These are quirks
each métibé? of a particular tribe possesses, usually due
to the social or even genetic nature of the tribe. Weak-
nesses should not always be enforced. There are some |
situations where a Bone Gnawer may not suffer a higher
difficulty on Social rolls. These situations may b
but they can occur. For instance, a Fianna ma
from lack of self-control, but in critical circumstances
she may overcome her liability. :

Ic is up to the Storyteller to enforce these rules when an
appropriate situation occurs in the game. After ail, a player
may be unwilling to remind the Storyteller thather Silent
Strider's botch of a roll to step sideways attracts'a wraith to
her side. j

Appendix One: Secrets of the Tribe

OPA PS ET SS TR tiem //,

"tkten a

Curiosity
~ Due to their tribal torem's thirst forknowledpevall Uktena

__ suffer from an insatiable curiosity. Whenever an Uktena finds
~ herself confronted with a puzzle, mystery or a piece of deliber-

tely withheld information, she must make a Willpower roll
difficulty 8) to resist pursuing the solution or unearthing the

knowledge'to the exclusion of everythingelse. A character who

fails this toll may spend a point of Willpower to set aside her
Obsession t temporarily, but must continue to do so periodically

: (every tum or scene, at the Storyteller's discretion).

Note: While this weaknesscan provide ample roleplaying
oppétainities for the affected character, Storytellers should
prevent players from using this Weakness to hog the game.
Deciding which circumstances pique an Uktena's curiosity
enough to warrant a Willpower roll should remain in the
hands of the Storyteller, not the player.


Merits and Flaws

Human Cribal Status
(2-4 point Merit)

You not only maintain an active. part in the human
community you came from, but you have attained.a position
of status within that society as a spokesperson, healer,
medicine worker or council elder. The number of points you
spend determines your relative authority: Two points might
mean you act as.a shamanic healer for your Kinfolk, while
four points qualifies you for a seat on your. tribal council or
gains you acclaim as a noted wisdom keeper.

You must come from a Native American. tribe or reside
in a distinct ethnic community to purchase this Merit.
Lupus and metis Garou may not take this Merit.

Anti-Wyrmbringer Bias
(1 point Flaw)

You have an instinctive dislike for Garou whose ances-
tors came from Europe to invade the Pure Lands. Even
though your reason may tell you that the time for old hatreds
has passed, and that Gaia needs all her defenders to work

together in these: x before the Apocalypse, you still find
it hard to'tolerate rrogant assumptions

1e Wyrricomer ibe! (and, y: ;call them that when
you are<around them). You have a +2 difficulty on all die
rolgirivolving i interaction with Garou other than Wendigo.
With the Storyteller's p be ou may exempt up to
three tribes — such as ids ‘Stareazers, Silent Striders and
Childten of Gaia — from your roster of "foreigners." The
Anta yrmbringer Bias should not cripple your ability to
funétion ina pack with non-native Garou; rather, it should
provide many opportunities for problematic interactions
and: interpack terisions. Through roleplaying, you may even-
tually acquire evidence from companions (i.e., other player
characters) that enable you to buy off this Flaw»

Taint of Suspicion
(3 pt. Supernatural Flaw).

"Wyrm-tainved your presence ta e
Garou, as if something sinister i worked ie way ‘into your

invoke such strong reeling od dis
other Garou. Many Bane Tenders eventually ac
Flaw.

A
i

~ come from approp: ate ethnic -hackgbuinds

The Uktena-Cremere Connection

Although the Ulktena,-like mest, Garou, consider
vampiresas Wymn- inted mockeries oflivingeteatures (at
best) and outt ht serv nits of the Wyrm (at worst), the
tribe's inherent cu riosit often overcomes their instinctive
ayétsiotite some Leeches— particularly those who passess
occult knowledge: which the Ukten'a would like to acquire,

_ Avis not unknown for an Uktena to ‘cultivate the
acquaintance of amember of Clan Tremete in the. hopes _
of increasing her knowledgeof the Leech's magical secrets .
without giving @way any secrets of her own. (Undoubt-
edly, the Tremere associate operates under a similar
asstiin ni regarding her: "Lupine" ‘connection,) _

Storytellers. may require an Uktena ehagater to
purchase the Vv, pire Companion Merit, as well as the
Taint of Suspigion. WW, to > qualify for. such,an alliance.

Although sociations withthe Tremere (or any
other vampire) retiain. among anWktena's most closely
guarded secrets, rumors abound. Suspicions of Uktena-
Tremere alliances only increase the tribe's overall repu-
tation for dealing in Wyrm-tainted lore.

Abilities
Cribal Lore ( Knowledge)

You grew up. steeped i in the history and customs of your
native tribe or culture, whether Cherokee, Ute, Hopi or —
more recently — Nigerian, Vietnamese or Hispanic. This skill
often allows you to smooth the way for packmates who might
otherwise inadvertently cause offense when dealing with your
Kinfolk or.other members of your human tribe. You have
knowledge of the rituals, crafts and stories of one specific
Native American tribe or other specific ethnic group.

oe. Student: ‘You didn't pay, attention to your
grandmother's stories, but learned a few things
anyway.

ee College: You went to reservation schools or be-

longed toa:cultural awareness group.
eee Masters: You could educate others in the cus
toms of your native background.

eeee Doctorate: You know enough to write a book aN

sur human tribe; you might even we

~ Specialties¢ Pueblo cultures. Sherokee legends, Semi-
nole history, Vietnamese folk-tales, Gullah stories

Uktena

,


Munnehi Lore, re 5 hk

e Serpent (Level Two) — The Garou may
summon serpentine ropes of darkness, mist or fog to grasp
enemies and render them immobile. Each coil is four feet long
and has the same Strength, Dexterity and Brawl ratings as the
Garou who summons it. A Snake-spirit teaches this Gift.

i ‘invisible, but becomes like; an

only occasionally turning in on), the Garou may
remain camouflaged while moving slowly toward or away from
thesearcher, stopping whenever the searcher looks her way. Even
slow movement while the searcher is looking in the Garou's
direction will break the illusion, however.

inlike the Ragabosh Gift Bal lporance, the

© Uktena's Freezing Stare (Level Two) — Like a snake
mesmerizing its prey, the Uktena can paralyze a foe merely by
staring in its eyes. The Gift is taught by an avatar of Uktena.

System: The Garou must meet the eyes of whoever she
wishes to paralyze, then her player rolls Manipulation + Intimi-
dation (difficulty equal to the target's Willpower). The paralysis
lasts onescene or until the foe is physically or magically attacked.

e Sing Down the Rain (Level Three) — By intoning
a ritual chant, the Garou can call down rain for the purpose
of cleansing or watering the ground or, adversely, to cause
flooding or mudslides. This Gift is taught by a Frog-spirit.

System: The player spends a point of Gnosis and rolls
Wits + Occult (difficulty 7). The number of successes indi-
cates the amount of ‘rainfall summoned. One success calls
down a light drizzle; three successes results ina full rain shower.
Four or more successes causes a torrential rain to fall. The effect
lasts for one scene, although the Garou may extend the
duration by continuing to spend Gnosis. Depending on the
affected terrain and the Garou's intent, this Gift can cleanse
a piece of ground ravaged by acid rain, return moisture to a
parched field or cause rivers to overflow their banks.

* Spirit's Horse (Level Four) — This Gift allows a
Garou to make her body a temporary vessel for an ancestral or
legendary spirit for a finite length of time determined during
the activation of the Gift. It differs from the manifestations of
the Past Life Background in that the host does not merely gain
the Attributes, Abilities and memories of the inhabiting spirit
— she actually "becomes" the spirit for the Gift's duration.
The Uktena usually combine this Gift with the Rite of

ion to the Ancestors {see cre ), and rarely practice it

Ghiosis while the Garott ealls on aspirit to
roryteller_ may choose: to,lower the
difficulty to 7 fortGanoet who come from cultures whose spiri
beliefs habiewally i incorporate the idea of being "ridden" by the
spirits. One or two suecesses summons an Ancestor-spirit for a

3 fone os ahs of four successes "enables the

Hat th 1e spiri
that an angry or hostile ancestor * (pethor ‘onan of the
/yrmcomertribes!,) entersthe hostand must be placated before

she willdepart. Note t thata Garou need not possess the Past Life

Background to use this Gift."
The Garou who uses this Gift must make a Willpower roll

(difficulty 7) in order to remain aware of her surroundings while
her body hosts the ancestor. A failure in this roll means that the

host's consciousness becomes dormant. The Storyteller may

Appendix One: Secrets of the Tribe 47

OPAL PT ST ei //,

=|


| allow a player to attempt a second Willpower roll (difficulty 8) to reawaken the character's
awareness if the first roll fails. Other characters may converse with the ancestor, thus benefiting
from her advice and counsel. Once the spirit departs, the host Garou makes a final Willpower
roll (difficulty 7) to remember what happened while her body served as the Spirit's Horse.

Earth Guides Gilts

These Gifts are taught to all new members of the Earth Guides who wish to leam them.
Those who are not members of the camp may petition members to teach them the Gift
of Ancestral Recall. The Guides do not teach Bare the Heart to any outside their camp.
© Ancestral Recall (Level Three) -—— By accustoming themselves to a particular
area or tribal group, the Earth Guides can "recall" pertinent information about tribal
practices or traditions that may have been lost over time. This might uncover hidden
lore of the tribe or simply reveal everyday information not generally
known by outsiders. The Gift is taught by an Uktena Ancestor-
» spirit. Garou using this Gift need not have Past Life.
System: The Garou must have spent at least 24
hours in the presence of those whose tribal memo-
ries she is attempting to access. The player then
rolls Perception + Enigmas (difficulty 7). The num-
ber of successes determines the strength and obscurity of the
information available. If the Garou can access hidden or forgot-
ten lore, the player must spend a point of Gnosis to learn it.
Successes Information

One Common information

Two Uncommon (When dancing their harvest rites,
the tribe wore corn silk tied to their costumes)

Three Obscure (known tosome tribal elders; i.e., the tribe

i once served as guardians of a particular fetish)

Four Hidden (known only to the greatest Medicine
Worker, passed on only to a trusted successor; i.e.,
the tribe's dancing place lies atop the resting place
of a powerful evil spirit and their dances keep it
pacified)

Five + Forgotten (known only to ancient ancestors;
i.e. "Our people once knew this evil spirit's true
name. Perform this service for my descendants,
and I will tell it to you.") ,

® Bare the Heart (Level Four) —This Gift utilizes the Uktena's noted penchant for delving
into the deepest secrets, The Earth Guides use this Gift to examine Bane Tenders for signs of
Wyrm-taint. Using the clear sight granted him by this Gift, an Uktena can look beyond outward
manifestations, internal manipulations and even magical disguises that might mask Wyrm-taint,
cortuption or evil intent and pierce straight to the heart of the truth. Thus, the Garou might note that
an otherwise normal-looking person is really a fomor or a Black Spiral Dancer by use of this Gift. Garou
using the Gift could also determine that someone is disguised (via cosmetic means or magical change),

but only if that person has evil intent (i-e., intends to.commit some evil — as defined by the Garou's
concept of evil — while so disguised. Thus, if a bank-robbery was in the offing, the Garou might not see
through the mask unless he cares about that bank, but he would unmask someone intending to clear-cut
a virgin forest). This Gift is taught by an Incarna avatar.

System: The Garou using this Gift must spend at least one turn intently observing the person he wishes
toexamine. While doingso, he attunes himself to the person's innermost core, the truth of the heart, and spends
¥ two points of Gnosis. The player then rolls Perception + Empathy (difficulty 6). Even one success uncovers a
falsehood if any exists and the nature of the mask (cosmetic, magical, etc.). Two successes pinpoint how deeply
J the taint runs and the exact nature of the hidden heart (i.e., if the target is Wyrm-corrupted, a Bane, a vampire,

etc.), while three or more successes allows the Garou to discover such a creature's immediate intent (i.e., what its
plans are for the remainder of the scene). .


Skywalkers Gift

Bane Tenders Gifts

The Bane Tenders know how other Garou feel about them. They believe that they are unjustly eK
suspected of taint when they sacrifice everything to keep horrors bound in sleep beneath the earth. SS
Therefore, they hold their secrets clutched to them as tightly as a miser squeezes his coins. They teach
these Gifts to no one outside their camp.
© Strength of the Guardian (Level Three) —This Gift provides Bane Tenders with extra
power when attempting tobind ordestroya Bane (orother troublesomespirit) orkeep it locked 2
within its bindings. This is usually used against a Bane that the Garou is responsible for Ly en
overseeing. Occasionally, another Bane Tender will be overcome, and the Garou must use 6
this to regain control of the newly loosed Bane. Even more rare are those instances when
the Garou is asked to locate and bind a particular Bane. This Gift is never used simply to
overcome a Bane met by chance. It is too costly. The power gained lasts for the duration of
the battle or scene. The Gift is taught by a Wolf-spirit.

System: The player rolls her Gnosis (difficulty 6). Each success allows her to boost
a chosen Attribute by one point — even if it goes beyond normal maximum (or her
Willpower to a maximum of 10). When used, the Garou decides whether she wishes
to increase her Strength, Stamina, Charisma, Manipulation and/or Willpower to aid
herin her battle. Each might be useful depending on her intentions (see TheurgeGifts Wy =
in Werewolf: the Apocalypse). Thus a Garou who gets five successes might raise her
Willpower by two, her Charisma by one and her Strength by two. The cost of this
overexertion isa commensurate exhaustion. When the Gift comes to an end, the Garou loses an equal number of points
from the Attributes and Willpower raised as she gained. This loss remains for 24 hours. Raising one's Attributes beyond
theirnormal doubling is very dangerous, for if they then fall below zero, the Garou dies unless immediately healed with
Mother's Touch.

¢ Curse of Corruption (Level Four) — This Gift allows a Bane Tender to take part of the taint from the
Bane he is guarding and infuse the one cursed with it. This takes the form of some physical loss or mental
instability that makes functioning much more difficult; it may wither limbs, inflict the target with a
permanent nausea, make her bones brittle and likely to shatter or cause paralysis. It can alsocause unstable /
personality quirks (foolish risk-taking, being insulting to
those of greater rank, refusing to obey ordets or
cooperate with one's pack, complete unreasoning
cowardice) or reduce the target to idiocy. Effects
last for one full lunar cycle (i.e., one month) from
the time the curse is inflicted. This Gift is taught by
an Incarna avatar.

System: The Garou must choose to afflict her
target either mentally or physically. She then
spends two points of Gnosis and rolls Manipula-
tion + Intimidation (versus a difficulty equal to
her target's Gnosis). One success inflicts a
minor effect or one that only functions spo-
radically, while more successes cause more
serious afflictions or ones that constantly
affect the target throughout the length
of the curse. Storytellers should be
creative, but fair when assigning
curses.

The Skywalkers are
happy to teach the following
Gift to any fellow Uktenaor §
Wendigo. ;

-_ a cha ee


¢ Umbral Compass (Level Two) — This Gift hel
Garou cross the.Gauntlet and ttavetse the Um
easily. Once in the Umbra, the Gift helps the Gar
herself so she has-less chance of becoming lostior cot

ey

Garou' spoint of view vand her ability to.talk orfig heher way

difficulty of crossing the Gauntlet by
atte the: Umbra with little difficul

"caught" Garou difficult ve eh

Scouts Gift

The Scouts keep this Gift to themselves.

¢ Fast Track (evel One) — This Gift strengthens the
Garou's stamina and allows her to travel much more quickly
than would normally be possible. Using the Gift allows the
Garou to determine the path of least resistance, so she can
move from one place to another with great speed and less
interference. While not a replacement fora Moon Bridge, Fast
Track lets the Garou continue traveling long past the time she
would normally become exhausted. She can effectively make
a forced march that covers three times the distance she would
normally cover in the same amount of time and arrive no more
tired than usual. This Gift is taught by a Bear-spirit.

System: The player must roll Stamina + Athletics
(difficulty 7) and spend a point of Gnosis. A single success
allows the Garou to make a forced quick-march by trotting
ata ground-covering pace that does not exhaust her. This

- Gift is not meant to make the Garou a speed-demon, and

cannot be used to escape pursuit or pursue fleeing foes by
running faster. It can be used for those purposes if it is a
matter of outlasting pursuers or pursued.

Wyld Children Gift

Wyld Children use this Gift with glee and teach it to anyone
who asks who is not too tainted by Weaver or Wyrm energy.

¢ Call Forth the Wyld (Level Four) — Using this Gift,
aGaroucan summon the Wyld in its raw essence to disrupt the
manifestations of the Weaver. This energy must be concen-
trated to interfere with the working of machinery or techno-
logical items to be effective. Unlike the Homid Gift of Jam

-Technology, Call Forth the Wyld permanently disrupts the

devices it affects. Barring costly repairs and replacement of

as to where shei is. Pehen itseems to urge the Garou toward

inconvediient fad potentia oh porn sca site on the *

| Rite of Adoption ( Accord)

' hetasdlaes to hit a cd target after
countdown and firing: sequence; cars only
tet). ‘Creative cd a

Level Two

This rite brings a Garou from another tribe into the Uktena
fold. A candidate for the Rite of Adoption must first undergo a
period of testing by a council of Uktena elders from the sept she
wishes to join. Similar in nature to the rigors of the Rite of
Passage, these tests allow the council to assess the sincerity ofher
decision and her commitment to her new tribe. The actual rite
consists of a ceremony in which the petitioner renouncesherold
tribe and casts aside any outward symbols of her previous
membership, including tribe-specific fetishes and talens. In the
presence of all participants in the Rite of Adoption, the candi-
date changes into Crinos form, symbolic of her First Change.
The witnesses then proclaim her a "new Uktena," choose a
name for her and welcome her into the tribe as a cub.

System: A Garou who undergoes this rite begins again as
Rank One, with appropriate-adjustments in Renown. Al-
though she may retain any Gifts she has learned previous to
changing tribes, she must refrain from using any Gifts specific
to her old tribe until she has learned 'an equivalent number of
Uktena Gifts. Until she attains Rank Two, her actions are
carefully monitored by her new tribemates, and any lapses
meet with swift and harsh punishment. Too many regressions
to the ways of her old tribe may result in banishing her from the
tribe, thus making her an outcast (or Ronin).

Rite of Invitation to the Ancestors
(Mystic)

Level Four

This rite, used in connection with the Spirit's Horse Gift,
prepares a gathering of Uktena for the entry of an Ancestor-
spirit into their midst. The performance of the Rite of Invita-
tion to the Ancestors involves songs and dances honoring the
tribe's ancestors and heroes as well as the offering of food and

50 -Uktena

EA PS EET WL iy 7 /,


drink to symbolize the actual physical pleasures the spirit will
experience if she consents to make an appearance. If this is
used by itself, without invoking the Spirit's Horse Gift, it.
becomes a simple thanksgiving rite...

System: No rolls are necessary for this rite, but some
participants sacrifice Gnosis as an offering to the ancestors.

Rite of Bane Binding (Mystic)

Level Five

This powerful rite has' served the. Uktena over. the
centuries as a means for. imprisoning Banes too-powerful to
destroy or banish entitely. Used only as a last resort, the
rigors of performing this rite often result in death or perma-
nent maiming of those who participate. in it.

System: The ritemaster leads the participating Garou
through a series of steps meant to surround and subdue the
targeted Bane. Once this is accomplished, all the partici-
pants sacrifice Gnosis in order for the ritemaster to construct

_ a netlike web of Gnosis which envelops the Bane and

renders it dormant and immobile. Individuals who exhaust
their Gnosis must spend Willpower and then Stamina until
enough power has accumulated for the success of the rite.
Some Garou have been known to dance themselves to death
during the performance of the rite.

_ Attheculmination ofthe binding, the ritemaster rolls Wits
+ Rituals (difficulty 9; for every 20 points of combined Gnosis,
Willpower and Stamina contributed by the participants, the
difficulty is lowered by one to a minimum of two). A single
success successfully creates a Bane-prison, while additional
successes add to the strength of the binding. A botch on this roll
indicates the ritemastet's immediate and (occasionally explo-
sive) death. All participating Garou must roll their current
Stamina (difficulty 9). Only one success is necessary to survive
this demanding rite. Any who fail this roll succumb to the rigors

of the rite, their lives consumed as a sacrifice to their dedication.

Fetishes
(Dragon Klaive

Level 5, Gnosis 5
This Asian klaive has its hilt shaped in the form of a

dragon's maw (in honor of the Asian personification of
Uktena). The wielder may use it as a normal klaive, and may
also expend one of the Dragon Klaive's Gnosis to shoot fire
from its hilt (five dice of aggravated damage). Once all the
dragon's fire has been used, it can be replaced by bathing the
klaive in clear water under Luna's light for two weeks. If even
one night is missed, the whole process must be repeated.

are. Because of their d
learn Hedge Magic al
. practitioners within th

same difficulty, they sb sk
the exception of Dre

further suspicion on thle ‘
discovered. Still, many oft d

such as sathtwit acircle of powerora War
to practice hedge magic must pay the 1

y most of the Native
not labor under the
ost magicians, with
others or who are

‘o Dark Sorcery (the Path
on.
ing" cost. This allows them
id of Darkness: Sorcerer
the Dead. Dark Sorcery and
s Handbook to the Sabbat.
already- Awakened selves
gic is still a potent tool. It
t gets rough either.

Appendix One: Secrets of the Tribe

OFA PS TS TER ee tenieey //,

=|


A

ie aay she Gas Gift. There i is no Gnosis cost to use

Bane Lock

Level 5, Gnosis 8+ .

This fetish most often resembles a sand painting or a
small clay sculpture. Some look more like medicine bags,
while others appear to be nothing more than strangely
shaped or painted small stones. Bane Locks are used to
capture powerful friendly spirits. Applied to Bane-prisons,
the locks then act to counteract the strength of the Bane
within them. In essence, the fetish creates a balance be-
tween the two spirits, holding each in check. To be effec-
tive, however, the Bane Lock must be worn or carried by a
Garou willing to act as the Bane's keeper. Few Garou know
of these powerful fetishes; those who do know rarely con-

sider them "savory," for the friendly spirits bound within L

them are not always willing participants.

Scarification

Level 1 or 2, Gnosis 5

é These permanent fetishes are unlike most others Taken
fone Africas plactices, the patterns 6f scarification link a
willing spirit to the Garou, The patterning is done y MEANS

wth Garou $ so matked to: cutilize any single Level Ones
Git"

usually calls forthe cxpeidicse of Tice or Willpows
recipient must pay those. costs normally. The: patter
representativé of the spirit who usually teaches that Gift (for
example, a Pattern t that allowed the Garou t tolearn the Level
Two Metis Gift: Burtow would look like a mole :
that gave her the Level One Ragabash Gift Open. ‘Seal

enlist a paca, To gain m more tha oné Gift, the

Cotems

Totem of Wisdom
Frog

Background Cost: 4

Frog bridges the gap between water and land, be-
tween change and stability. She symbolizes transforma-
tion and adaptability, both great keys for survival. A

" Y
willing spirit inust™ power the fetish for it to be efeceve ae

bringer of rain, to bless or curse, Frog holds within her
tiny form great-stores of power.

Traits: Frog. grants her followers Swimming 1 or an
additional dot itt Swimming if the Skill is already possessed.
In addition, Frog teaches her children, the Gift: Sing Down
theRain. Frog's children also gain an additional dot in
Dexterity rolls involving leaping or sudden movemients.

r Ban: Frog asks her children never to harm frogs or other
"amphibians and to seek to Wegerve ee wetlands that are her
earthly home

"Totem of Glory
Elephant

ag Background | Cost:
Majestic and, powerful, Elephant makes his enemies
flee in terror, sometimes without even striking a blow. As

one of the sacred. animals of Africa and Asia, Elephant's
_ presence among the Uktena symbolizes the tribe's expanded

_ cultural underpinnings.

Toth Strength and Charisma. Elephant's followers also gain
Leadership 1 and Intimidation 1. Because of his affinity for

Be

magic, Elephant's children make all Occult rolls at a -1-

difficulty.

Ban: Elephant requires his ‘children to prevent the
destruction of his species and to hunt down known traffick-
ers in the illegal ivory trade. Elephant forbids his children to
wear or carry items made from elephants' tusks.

Background Cost: LS
Preternaturally quick; Roadasiner relies on
to carry her far from, danger. Rapidity of movement implies
an equal fleetness of mind, so Roadrunner embodies the
ability to think quickly and to ebange egurse in midstream
without a misstep. _ 2 8
Traits:: Roadtinher erafits ber followers an. additional
dot in Intelligence. In addition she gives her children
Enigmas 1 ofan Sadigionajiog in that Knowledge if already
possessed.
Ban: Roadrunner ride her chiara to bunt roadru-
nners. She also asks hér plore to protect desert habitats.

52 Uktena

LP OT i ily 7/.

Traits: Elephant gives his children an additional dot in .


ets, there is actuall great diversity among the
ever, are insatiably curiou

Appendix Two: Uktena's Children 53
ED PT ile //,

Professional Chief

Quote: Welcome, pale-face. May the Great Spirit bring you luck in all your endeavors. Slot machines are to your left as you
enter. Bingo cards are five dollars each.

Prelude: You grew up on the reservation, where your family owned a small shop

that sold "authentic Indian" trinkets to the tourists who came in droves to gawk

at men in feathered headdresses and women in beaded buckskin skirts. You

ye hated it when people stared at you as if you were some sort of living relic.

tes Someday, you told yourself, you'd get even with them all.

When you were 12, they came for you— a group of proud young men
S eee » and women from deep within the reservation where tourists didn't go.
- SR: They took you from your family and led you through your First
Change and your Rite of Passage. They taught you about the ways
of your tribe, the Uktena, but the spirits of Raven and Coyote
taught you how to get even with the white man.

You returned to your tourist-trap home and set-about learmn-
ing all you needed to know to put your plans underway. Now,
seven years later, you laugh inside as you watch your schemes of .
vengeance come to pass.

Concept: You work asa "professional chief," standing outside
the reservation's gambling casino luring gullible tourists inside to

lay down their dollars in pursuit of the big payoff. You know that the
money they spend increases the income of your tribe and goes at
least a little way toward paying back all that was stolen from your

Wyrm among the biggest spenders. You mark them for your
Ahroun and Theurge friends, who see to it
that they never make it home from their
"weekend on the rez." In addition, you
indulge in a little petty crime, running
scams and cons on casino patrons. Af-
, ter all, why else would Gaia have

b) made you a Trickster?

a

We

i
?

u

bJ

ad

{
ty:

Ey, = Roleplaying Hints: As a
aa =) ! Ragabash, you revel in pulling one
-—— FA — \) over on the sons and daughters of the

Wyrmbringers. Glad-handing and pos-

turing in your "chief" costume, you
laugh behind your war paint as the slot-
machines eat their way through the
pockets of the tourists. Beneath your slick
exterior, you harbor an abiding love for traditional
ways — the real ways known only to your people and to the
Uktena who protect them.

—— @ Equipment: Professional "chief" gear (feathered head-
dress, tomahawk, fringed buckskin clothes)

i

\

people. More importantly, you occasionally identify agents of the —

|

th he

" Name:

A

Oy

——~Uxcena~

Breed: }fomid Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Ragabash Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Professional Chief
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000 == Charisma ee@0o _—~Perception. @e@e@00
Dexterity @@000 3 Manipulation @@@00 Intelligence ee@e@00
Stamina____—s—— ®@@@OO ee. Abalitio. e@e000 ss Wits ©0000
Calents ath | Knowledges
Alertness @0000-=— Animal Ken OOO0O — Computer 00000
Athletics _00000 Drive OOOOO | Enigmas 00000
Brawl. @ee@00 = Etiquette @@000 Investigation. OO000
Dodge -@@000 Firearms @@000 Law @0000
Empathy OOOOO Leadership @0000 Linguistics __00000
Expression 00000 Melee @@000 Medicine 00000
Intimidation_ @0000 Performance 00000 = Occult @@000
Primal-Urge @0000 | Repair oo0ooo0 Politics @e@000
Streetwise_____ ©0000 | Stealth @@000 Rituals 00000
Subterfuge___- = @@@OO Sorvival____ "00000 Science 00000
Backgrounds Gitts Gitts

Contacts e@e@00 3 3  _ Lersuasion

Resources ee@00 3 Open Seat

Rites @0000 —§ GAroud

OOOO0O
O0O000

——-—~ (Henown a ee
Glory
@o000o00000 00

OOOOOOOD0O00
Honor

®000000000
NQOOOOOOOOO
Wisdom
@e0oc0o0oo0o0000 0
OOOOOOOOO0

y enor ma mre a re a ney,

——--~ Kage weernenreetoatenar

@@®80000000
nooooooo0o

——-~ Gnosis————

@ee0000000

nooggoogog0go0

Willpower ———
@e@ee@ee000dd oO

gaqgg9909a00

~z Health ——

Bruised Se:
Hurt --l
Injured -l

Wounded. - -2 -
Mauled 2
Crippled 5.

Incapacitated

- Weakness —<——
INTENSE CURIOSITY:

BECOMES EASILY OBSESSED

WITH LEARNING SECRETS

Ay

ooooooo

ae

|


Corporate Troublemaker

Quote: Let me get this straight. You say you don't know how that $50,000 found its way into your bank account? I think these
photos might jog your memory....
Prelude: While the other kids in your housing project were joining gangs and passing
around drugs on the playground after school, your father made you stay home and crack
NQ the books. After a while, you found that you enjoyed studying — particularly African

LE history and the civil rights movement. You also discovered detective novels,
and soon you learned to figure out "whodunit" by the end of the first
chapter.

hf Nothing prepared you for the night a group of drunken skinheads from
, 4 m4 the white projects down the street broke into your apartment and started trashing

the place. Your father put up a fight, but one of the punks blew him away with a
+ bullet to the head. That's when you forgot everything else but your anger. The
= world turned red, and you felt your body expanding to a monstrous size.
a, When you came back to yourself, you found yourself surrounded by
ey the bloody remains of your attackers. You did the only thing you could
do, and ran from the scene, leaving behind the shattered remnants
of your life.
A few weeks later, the Uktena found you and claimed
you as one of their own. After putting you through your
Rite of Passage and teaching you a little bit about being
a Theurge, they set you up with a family of Kinfolk who
helped you make it through law school and assisted you
in setting up your own private detective agency. Your
. father helped put you on the path to your dream; now,
as a Garou, you have found a way to make it real.

Concept: You work as a private investigator,

6 taking on cases for people and groups who can't
AO otherwise afford the high cost of justice. You've
taken on shady land developers, worked with

cr Ss activist lawyers to assemble evidence for civil
Ab tights grievance cases, and delved into the back-
>) grounds of the faceless men who promote racial

S ») and ethnic hatred among the poor people of your

i) town. As you work, you look for signs of the Wyrm

—and they are everywhere. Your Theurge Gifts make it

easy for you to spot agents of the Wyrm, and deal with them as

R necessary.
Roleplaying Hints: Part private detective, part
I} corporate troublemaker, you delight in. exposing the
Pf; yy Wyrm's underbelly to the bright light of Gaia's truth.
/ ff ~Youare proud of your African heritage and prouder still
/ of your Garou blood. Your father's death at the hands of
bigoted puppets drives you to uncover just who is pulling
their strings.
Equipment: Trenchcoat, battered fedora, 9mm pistol,
35mmcamera with zoom lens, latest issue of Alfred Hitchcock
Mystery Magazine

g | vs


a i Gree Gee

—~Uxcena

Pack Name:

Breed: #Homid

Wn

|

Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength @e@000
Dexterity @@000
Stamina__ OOOO

Sor AA ADOanta

Calents
Alertness @@000
Athletics OOO00O
Brawl, @@000
Dodge @0000
Empathy OO00O
Expression, OOO0O0O
Intimidation, @0000
Primal-Urge @0000
Streetwise OOO0O0O
Subterfuge @@000
B ackgrounds

Atties @@000
Fetish @0000
Rites @@000
00000

OO00O0

———-—~ Renown-——=—

Glory

oO0000 00000

OOOOOOOOO
Honor

0000000000

OOOOOOOO0O0
Wisdom

@e@e@eo0000000
OOOOUOOOOOO0

were LG Rank-———<—-

l————— a

Auspice: Thearge
Camp: Raiders

Social
Charisma @@000
Manipulation @e@e00
ye, Abi @ee@00

ait |
Animal Ken @0000
Drive OOO00O
Etiquette @0000
Firearms @0000
Leadership relererere)
Melee @0000
Performance OQOOO0O
Repair OO00O
‘Stealth, @@000
Survival OOO00O

Gifts

Persuasion

Pack Totem:

Concept: Corporate Troublemaker

creme Lovatiowuar

Mental
Perception. eee0e0
Intelligence @e@e000
Wits @0000

craves Laraiornar

Knowledges

Computer @e@000
Enigmas @e@000
Investigation @ee00
Law. @ee00
Linguistics @0000
Medicine 00000
Occult @0000
Politics OOOOO
Rituals @0000
Science_______—=ss=~O0000

ge LY maven venien€ Lvaornar

Gifts

Sense Wurm

Sense Magic

Swirit .S yeech

——-—-~ Kage cement Loatonse

@e@®00000000
NOOOOOOUOOO
~< Gn0sis-———<——
e@eeeo0000d0dn
OOOOOOOOOO

———- Willpower -—=—
e@eeee00000

NOOOOOOOOOO

~zHealth -—a—

Bruised
Hurt -l
Injured -l
Wounded -2
Mauled -2
Crippled 5

Incapacitated

-Weakness ———
INTENSE CURIOSITY:

BECOMES EASILY OBSESSED

WITH LEARNING SECRETS

A

oococoedc


reasure Hunter

Quote: So there I was, trapped inside the hold of a Spanish galleon while the sharks were circling around me, and I'm looking
for something shiny and reflective 300 feet below the surface of the sea...

Prelude: You always thought of yourself as a product of the great
American melting pot — Irish and Spanish on your father's side,
Mexican and Cherokee on your mother's. Your genes explained
your olive complexion, blond hair and dark brown eyes, but
they didn't account for your love of water or your fascina-
tion with hidden treasure.

You learned to swim before you could walk.
By the time you were five, you'd conquered the
deep end of the local Y's swimming pool. In
high school, you led the swim team to a state
championship during your freshman year.
‘When you weren't swimming, you
were fantasizing about your other passion
— pirate ships and sunken treasure. You
devoured every book you could find on the
rumors of ships lost beneath the waters off
the Outer Banks and in the GulfofMexico
and the Caribbean.

Then it happened. Your First Change
took you the summer before your sopho-
more year in high school, while you were visiting your
uncle's lake house in the mountains. Terrified at your
transformation into a monster, you fled to the woods
outside the cabin. A group of people (including your
uncle) was waiting for you, as if they expected your
arrival. They told you about the rest of your heritage —
the blood of the Uktena that mixed with your mother's
Cherokee ancestry.

Your uncle and your mother, both Uktena Kin-
folk, helped cover for you for the next three years, as
you juggled living a "normal" life with learning more

about your place in the tribe. You discovered that you
were a Philodox, or Peacekeeper; for you, this meant that
you would discover the truth behind all those hidden
rumors you so longed to explore. As soon as you could,
you gathered a pack around you who shared your love
for exploration and dove headfirst into your new life.
Concept: You and your pack roam the eastern
4 seaboard and the Gulf coast, searching for treasure
Y hidden beneath the ocean's surface. Not only have
you uncovered a few fetishes — like the one you now
carry that helps you breathe underwater — from the ruins of ships that once carried Wyrmbringers
to the New World, you suspect that you may have found some of the lost Bane-prisons,-now buried
underwater.

Roleplaying Hints: You feel more at home in the water than on the land. Since becoming Garou,
you have absorbed all the legends of Uktena and consider him to be your personal totem. Your fearless
nature and unbounded curiosity are infectious, and you lead others to believe in your dreams. You live for

the next dive, and feel sorry for all those who believe that wolves are bound to the surface of Gaia. Like
Uktena himself, you know the glory of Gaia's waters and the secrets hidden deep beneath Her waves.
Equipment: Deep sea diving gear, maps of sunken treasure

Uktena

|


Gen.

a cena ~

Breed: #Homid Pack Name: Ny
Player: Auspice: Philodoy Pack Totem: lA
Chronicle: Camp: Scouts Concept: Treasure Punter
Physical Social Mental
Strength. @@000) = Charisma @e@00oo0 séPerception, @e@e00
Dexterity @@000~ = Manipulation @0000_ Intelligence @@000
Stamina, @@BOO yee. Ab: eee00)3— Wits @ee0e0
Calents ih | Knowledges
Alertness @e@0e00 = Animal Ken @0000_ Computer 00000
Athletics @eee@00 Drive OO00O0 — Enigmas @@000
Brawl @0e@0@00 = Etiquette. @0000 Investigation @0000
Dodge @0000 ‘Firearms. OOOOCO — Law @®0000
Empathy _ @0000 Leadership Oooood Linguistics... @0000
Expression 00000 Melee @@000 = Medicine. 00000
Intimidation. 00000 Performance 00000 Occult OOOO0O
Primal-Urge @0000 Repair @0000 Politics __00000
Streetwise 00000 _ Stealth @e@000 Rituals OOO0O0O
Subterfuge @0000 Survival @@000 = Science OOO0O0O
Backgrounds Gifts ~~ Gitts
Fetish @0000 Smelt of Man
Rinfotk @@000 Scent of the Trne Form
Resources @@000 = _Trath of Gaia
O0O00O0
OOOO0O
———~ Renown-——~ = Rage = ~zHealth-———<—
Glory @8e0e0000000 praised ; 3
ao0000 00 000 urt -l
QpoQ00000090 FESS SSORORO injured 1 0
Honor ~~ Gnosis—<——-—<——- Wounded -2 im
©©00000000 eeecv0v00000 Mui ta
gog0ggoo0o0o0 444 Crippled ==5 4
Wisdom OOOOOOOOOO Incapacitated Oo
0000000000 —--Willpower-—— -Weakness ———
NOOOOOOOOOD ge@eeeeee000 INTENSE CURIOSITY:
Ks Zz BECOMES EASILY OBSESSED
~ Rank QOOO00909000 with earninc secrets

OLE. I ET Lh ii //,


Apprentice Bane Singer

Quote: Hush, stop your muttering and let me sing. This is
the howl I use to quiet the thing that lies asleep beneath you. Does
that make ‘you nervous? Good. Now leave me in peace.

Prelude: You were different from your littermates. The
humans who came to visit you in your zoo habitat aroused
your interest with their strange smells and jagged voices.

Your First Change made everything clear. The Uktena
who came to you through the Umbra and took you to their
sept taught you how to be both human and Garou. You
already knew how to be wolf.

Of all the human things you learned, you enjoyed
singing the most. Your songs -— part howl, part
croon — had a calming effect on all who heard
them. That special knack drew the attention
of the Bane Tenders. They enlisted you into
their camp and trained you in the special
skills you would need to follow their
calling. They told you that because
you did not grow up as a human you
would not mind so much being away
from civilization. You hope they're
right.

Concept: You work with
your Bane Tender mentor,

learning the importance of the work you will one day

undertake by yourself. You have memorized the stories of.

how the Great Banes were bound, and you know how vital
a purpose you serve. You have also seen how bitter and hard
your teacher has become. Looking at her, you see your own
future staring you in the face. It colors your howls with
sadness and despair.

Roleplaying Hints: Your packmates don't know why
you spend so much time away from them, and you don't
intend to tell them about your secret studies. You
throw yourself into. everything you do, storing up

memories to keep you company when you have to
leave it all behind and chain yourself to one
spot as the guardian of an imprisoned
Bane. You don't look forward to
that day, but you
accept it because,
=< as a wolf, you un-
BS derstand what it
Ys means to take your

proper place in the
scheme of things.

Xe Equipment:

Claws, talons, v voice

RS)

é

|

—~Uxcena

A 5 Gee ew
Q vam Breed: Lupus Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Gatliard Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Bane Tenders Concept: Bane Singer

werner A LSA A tributes acme emcmElratersar

OEE. EP, AT Sh ie //.

Physical Social Mental
Strength @@000 = Charisma @@000 Perception, ee0ee0
Dexterity @e@e@00 = = Manipulation @ee@@e@00 (Intelligence @@000
Stamina @ OOOO ee. Abiltio eeoco§3§3.-—* Wits eee@00
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@000~= = Animal Ken OOO00O Computer OOOO0O
Athletics 00000 Drive 00000 _ Enigmas @e000
Brawl. @ee@@00 —=_ Etiquette OOOCOO Investigation @@000
Dodge @0000 Firearms 00000 Law OOOO0O
Empathy OOOOO Leadership OOOOO Linguistics OOOOO
Expression @@000 Melee Q0000_ Medicine OOOO0O
Intimidation @@000 Performance @0000 = Occult @@000
Primal-Urge @e@000. Repair 00000 Politics ferererer®)
Streetwise OOOOO — Stealth @@000 Rituals @@e00
Subterfuge @0000 Survival @ OOOO Science OOO00O
Backgrounds Gitts Gitts
Mentor e0000 = Peightened Senses
Past Life e@000 3 Catt of the Wyta
Pure Breed @0000 = Sense Magic
Rites @e@000
OOOO0O
———- Renown ee Rage ——— ~«Health-——<—
Glory  @©eee000000 Bruised ; =
@e@eaoooood0ddaon ~ urt -
Doo000000g BE99999090 injured 9-1 0
Honor ———  Gn0si$-— em Wounded -2 a]
O0O0D0DD0DDOVOO eqgeqeee4ae0n0n0ea Need ¢ 5
boOoOO0Oo000000 - ee eed
Wisdom QOOOOOOOOO Incapacitated Oo
e000c000000 -Willpower ——— -Weakness —<—
BECOMES EASILY OBSESSED
y wore ontrer
~< Rank QOOOOO0O0}0 wit earninc secrets

|


ne A"
Umbral Seeker

Quote: What are you looking at? That! sanarm. It ‘doesn' t work, but my
other one more than makes up forit it. Step into the Umbra with me, and I'll show
you what I mean.

Prelude: Your parents' defied the Litany and gave birth to you »
within the caer. The sept decided that in these troubled days Gaia
needed all her defenders, so they let you — and your parents
— live. Despite your twisted arm, you have managed to live
up to your Ahroun nature, learning how to fight with one
hand and to use your strength to compensate for your
other deficiencies. You have had to try twice as hard
as other Uktena to overcome the shame of your birth
and your parents' disgrace. You have succeeded.

The Skywalkers gave youa chance to escape
the worst of your tribe's derision. The spirits you
encounter in the Umbra do not seem to mind your
physical deformity or your shameful birth. They
accept — or reject — you on-your own merits.

You spend as little time as possible in the -
physical world, preferring the far reaches of the
Umbra, with its never-ending mysteries and its
enigmatic inhabitants, to the scom of your "legiti-
mate" tribemates. In fact, some of the Ancestor- |
spirits you have encountered on your spirit-jourthes have
claimed you as theig own. Occasionally, they -sénd their
memories to you to aid you in your battles against the Wyrm.

Concept: You are an Umbral traveler, searching the
spirit world for spirit allies and leading your packon. Bane-
hunting expeditions. Like other Skywalkers, you are always
on the lookout for clues that might lead you'té any ‘possible
survivors of the Croatan. When your caern is threaterted, you
act as Umbral guardian, preventing intruders from attacking by
surprise from the Near Umbra. :

Roleplaying Hints: You have had to endure the disap-
proval of tribal elders and the mockery of your peers in order
to make it to your current position. Now, you have at least
some respect for your accomplishments in the Umbra.
You have accepted the mark of Gaia's displeasure
with as good a grace as you can muster, but you
refuse to let the circumstances of your birth
prevent you from gaining the Renown you
deserve as a watrior of the Deep Umbra.

Metis Disfigurement: Twisted arm. The difficulty for all maneuvers that require both hands
or arms is increased by two. In Hispo and Lupus forms, your movement on all fours is reduced by half.

Equipment: A sliver of mirror set intoa wooden holder and secured around your neck witha leather
thong, dedicated clothing

62 Uktena
EE PS tein //,

as 1 Ge

imams

—~UKTENA

sre ow

——_
A rveme: Breed: 7Hetis Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: 4 hroun Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Skyvatkers Concept: {fmbrat Seeker
Physical Social Mental
Strength, @e0e0ee@0 3 = Charisma @@000 Perception. @00@00
Dexterity @@@00 = 3=Manipulation @@000 Intelligence @@000
Stamina_____——— @@@00 =3=—- Appearance ee000 «Wits ©0000
Calents Skills Knowledges
Alertness @@@00 = = Animal Ken @0000 Computer OOO00O
Athletics @0000 Drive 00000 | Enigmas @0000
Brawl @00e00 = Etiquette @0000 Investigation @0000
Dodge @@000 © Firearms 00000 | Law. 00000
Empathy @0000 Leadership OO0O00O0 Linguistics @0000
Expression OO0000 Melee @@@00 Medicine OOOO0O
Intimidation. @0000 Performance 00000) Occult @0000
Primal-Urge @e@000-) Repair o0ooOoO0 Politics 00000
Streetwise 00000 © Stealth_ @@000 Rituals @0000
Subterfuge 00000 | Survival ®@O00 = = Science______—90000
Backgrounds Gifts Gifts
Allies ee0@00 = Create Element
Past Life @0000 3 Razr Claws
Rites @0000 Sense Magic
00000 Sense Wyrm
O0O000
———-~ Renown-———— ~"R AGE ——————» ~<Health =~
Glory ®©@@880800000 Bruised | 4
@e@eooooododo urt -
go00g00g0g9 FEHEOSOORO injured 1 0
Honor ~- GN0SiS—————a Wounded = -2 QO
®900000000 eee0000000 Maule ¢ 5
00000000090 eee ead
Wisdom QOOOOOOOO0 Incapacitated Q
0000000000 -Willpower ——~ -Weakness —=—
OOOOOOOODOO egeeevo0000 INTENSE CURIOSITY:
Zz Zz Sa, BECOMES EASILY OBSESSED
~~ Rank QOOOOOOOOO witt earninc secrets


Dancing Star

Some of the oldest Uktena songs tell the story of
Dancing Star, whose explorations of the Deep Umbra seta
standard for other Uktena to follow. The Skywalkers claim
this bold Theurge as their founder, revering her as second
only to Gaia.

Unlike most Garou, Dancing Star learned to travel the
Umbra not only by stepping sideways or entering onto a
Moon Bridge, but by sending her spirit soaring through the
other world while her body remained fixed in the physical
realm. Some say she learned the Gift of Astral Mind from a
Stargazer she met during one of her Umbral journeys; others
insist that she bargained for the Gift with one of the strange
inhabitants of the Deep Umbra.

Leaving her body behind as an anchor, Dancing Star's
spirit traveled further and further into the uncharted — and
some say unchartable — realms of the Wyld. Her descrip-
tions of the places she had seen and the creatures she
encountered there served as the basis for much of the
Uktena's knowledge of the Deep Umbra.

As she wandered the great Western desert, seeking
hidden places to use as shelters for her body while she sent
her spirit traveling, Dancing Star sometimes encountered
Coyote, Buzzard, Raven and other totem spirits.

_ Raven warned Dancing Star that the paths she fol-
lowed in the Umbra contained dangers even she could not
imagine, and that if she were not cautious, she would meet

64

her end in some far-off place; unable to return to her body.
Dancing Star's reply to Raven lives on in one of her many
songs:."My spirit will return to Gaia in its own season, no
matter where my body stands."

Another story tells of Dancing Star's final journey, and
how Raven.and Buzzard discovered her body standing rigid
in the desert, her staff clutched in one hand. For three years
they watched as she stood, unmoving. How Coyote won his

bet with Buzzard by kicking at Dancing Star's staff, thus :

bringing her desiccated body crumbling down on top of him
forms the heart of "The Death Song of Daricing Star," sung
by Skywalker Galliards at their private moots.

Many Uktena believe that Dancing Star's spirit still
roams the Deep Umbra, giving aid to fellow Skywalkers and
leading lost Umbral travelers to safety while telling them of
her latest exploits. One legend credits her with bringing the
first hints of the Storm Eater's presence to the Uktena.

Skywalkers believe that Dancing Star's spirit rides the

comets that circle the Earth and claim that, when a meteor
falls to earth, she returns briefly to touch Gaia's face and
remember her mortal life. Though many Uktena have
attempted to contact Dancing Star through the Rite. of
Invitation to the Ancestors, she has yet to answer them.
Many believe that she does not hear their call from ‘within
the Deep Umbra. Others claim that Dancing Star is waiting
for the right moment to bring back news to the Uktena of
the coming Apocalypse.

Grimscowl Bisonbreath

Those who discount the Uktena as fighters have never
heard the tales of Grimscowl Bisonbreath, the greatest of
Uktena Ahroun. Despite the bindings that trapped the Pure
Lands' most powerful Banes, a few lesser Wyrm-creatures

_still roamed the isolated canyons and deep forests of the

American continents. Grimscowl: became -their fiercest
predator.

«Many of the stories surrounding Grimscowl come from.

the cycle of songs crafted by Howls-Her-Brothers'-Glory, a
Galliard ‘who accompanied Grimscowl throughout his ca-

reer. Ifeven half of Howls' tales are true, the landscape of the

Near Umbra shouldbe littered with spirit-tombstones marked
"Here Lies Another Bane, Fallen to the Talonsof Grimscow!
Bisonbreath."

The most famous tale concerning Grimscowl relates his
discovery of a network of caverns extending across the Pure
Lands all the way to its western shore. Entering that com-
plex warren with his packmates, Grimscowl ranged along its
entire length, uncovering a lair of Black Spiral Dancers who
had traveled to the Pure Lands through Umbral pathways.
In the last cavern, Grimscow] discovered an old, withered
Dancer crouched over an opening in the ground, mumbling
an indecipherable chant. It was not until after Grimscowl
slew his unwary foe that the Ahroun discovered the reason

for his enemy's presence in the cavern's heart. Beneath his"

(a

feet,a a sleeping giantess stirred, roused by the cessation of the
songs that had kept her dormant for many years.

Grimscowl took the place of the dead Black Spiral
Dancer, lifting his cracked voice in song to quiet the giantess
and keep her from shaking the Earth with her mighty steps.
The stories say that Gaia made Grimscowl immortal, simul-
taneously punishing him for his rash behavior and blessing
him for his responsible atonement.

Grimscowl Bisonbreath is a favorite hero among Bane
Tender Ahrouns, serving as an example to those who claim
that only Theurges can take on the grueling task of guard-
ianship of the Pure Lands' Bane-prisons.

Ol? Red Eagle

Some say that there were two moons in the sky when
Old Red Eagle entered the world. Marked by Luna's Cres-
cent asa Theurge, Old Red Eagle's imaginative and innova-
tive approaches to magic have endeared him to many
Uktena Ragabashes, who claim him as a Trickster masquer-
ading as a Medicine Wolf.

Asa young Theurge, Old Red Eagle (then called simply
Red Eagle) traveled in. the company of Grimscowl
Bisonbreath and Howls-Her-Brothers'-Glory. Many of his
admirers claim that not a few of the victories attributed to
Grimscowl actually came about through Old Red Eagle's
supportive Gifts.

Appendix Three: Elder Brothers and Wise Sisters 65

Ne

\ at

After leaving Grimscowl's company, Old Red Eagle
came into his own as a hero of the Uktena. Ryn ‘Ap Bleidd,
a Fianna Galliard who spent much of his life compiling the
great songs of the Garou, has published one of Old Red

(see Garou Saga: Who's Who Among Werewolves).

Old Red Eagle's most notable accomplishment lay in
his use of what he called "sideways magic," and it is this
deliberate breaking of the rules of Garou practices that give
the Ragabash their claim upon him. In his unorthodox
methods of drawing down the power of Gaia, Old Red Eagle
exemplified the Native American traditions of the "contrar-
ies" — shamans who customarily invoked their medicine
through reversing their normal behaviors.

His search for new ways to infuse himself with magic led
Old Red Eagle down increasingly strange roads until he
finally disappeared from sight. Many Garou claim he be-
came one of the Wyld Children, while others whisper that
his spirit fell into more sinister ways, drawing him downward
into the Wyrm-ridden madness which has claimed too
many of Uktena's most talented Theurges.

Whatever his true end, his lessons and deeds in service
to Gaia, his tribe and his Kinfolk have earned for hima place
of eternal honor in the legends of the Uktena.

te

Eagle's exploits under the title "The Quest of Cleansing"

Proud Speaker,
Ceacher of the Jgnorant

Even after his First Change, Proud Speaker remained
close to his human Kinfolk. As a Galliard, he learned the
songs and stories of his human and Uktena ancestors, taking
great delight in the thought that he formed a link between
past and future. Then the Europeans arrived in his ancestral
lands, imposing their ways and customs (not to mention
their towns and railroads) upon the native people or displac-
ing them altogether. The Garou that accompanied the
newcomers exhibited the same carelessness and arrogance
as the humans; worse, they disrupted the very fabric of the
Umbra as they swept through the land.

Unlike many Uktena, however, Proud Speaker decided
that the newcomers, for the most part, acted as they did
because they did not understand the consequences of their
behavior. Recognizing that the European Garou would not
be driven away by force or subtlety, Proud Speaker embarked
on a visionquest to discover how best to deal with the
intruders.

Three days later, he returned to his sept. He had seen
with his own eyes the chaos that threatened the stability of
the Umbra, and had learned from the spirits he encountered
there what he must do. He would become an emissary to thé
European Garou, bringing them the knowledge of the right
ways.


\

Proud Speaker's vision led him tothe Silver Fang Isaiah
Morningkill, and the two gathered a pack around them.
With his new companions, Proud Speaker traveled through-
out the Savage West, confronting the minions of the Wyrm
and the Storm Eater. Proud Speaker's lore often made the
difference between defeat and victory for his pack. In
addition, his knowledge of the land and his obvious stirvival
skills proved useful to his companions, who soon found
themselves imitating their Uktena packmate in many ways.
Although few European Garou know the full story of
Isaiah Morningkill's pack and its gallant battle against the
Storm Eater, the Uktena remember Proud Speaker's part in
that tragic and heroic undertaking. The teller of tales and
singer of songs has, himself, become part of the body of
legends he so revered.

Lupe Proudwalker,
"S peaks-for-the-Forgotten-Ones"

Since her First Change, Lupe Proudwalker distinguished
herself as a spokeswoman for equal rights, women's issues,
conservationist groups and Native American restitution
movements. Her direct and passionate speeches at rallies
throughout the United States have inspired her listeners in
the.struggle against the corrupt practices that deprive whole
populations of their rights and destroy the few remaining
areas of unspoiled wilderness. Many who have fallen under
the spell of her words speak also of her feral grace and

primitive beauty: Indeed, they should, for Lupe Proudwalker's

unusual appeal comes, at least in part, from her wolf ances-
tors. - : :

Bom asa lupus among a pack of wolves hidden by the
Uktena of the southwestern desert, Lupe felt amazement
and delight at discovering how to walk on two legs and
imitate the strange customs of humans. Unlike most wolf-
born Garou, Lupe embarked upon a crash course in human

‘behavior. What she learned both pleased and appalled her.

Since.awakening to her Garou heritage, Lupe has embraced
both sides of her dual nature.

« She sees her duty as a Lawgiver to speak out for all of
Gaia's downtrodden, whether human or animal. Thus, she

acts as an advocate for many groups — all of whom are equal

in her eyes. -

Lupe's fame has not made her welcome in the halls of
power, however. Her name appears on Pentex hit lists and
in-FBI files. Targeted as.a "reality deviant" by agents of the
New World Order, she has often had to escape into the
Umbra to avoid their attentions. Other groups, including
right-wing extremists and moral majority advocates, claim
that she isa "foreign agent "corrupting the ethics of America's
young.

Ipsome ways, they're right. Lupe seeks out disaffected
youths and injects in them a new attitude, enlisting them in
her own campaigns to bring together all Gaia's forgotten
children into an army of rebuilders.

Broken Medicine

Born at the same time as the 20th century, 10 years after
the slalighter at Wounded Knee and the sacrifice of the 13
who bound the Storm Eater, Broken Medicine's true name
has been lost. He was the late-born son of one of Goyanthlay's
followers. A Bedonkohe Apache who left his tribe to be-
comé ‘a-leader among. other, more militant Apaches,
Goyanthlay is better known as Geronimo. Brought up on
tales of the Chiricahua Apache braves, Broken Medicine
wanted to become‘a great warrior and return his people's
freedom. Though he worked to learn the warlike arts,
rebellion deserted the Apache with Geronimo's death in
1909; few-had the heart to even try to train him.

"Disgusted that he had been born too late to do anything
of importance, Broken Medicine contemplated several sui-
cidal plans before a tribal shaman told him he would one day
be a great arid powerful worker of medicine. Having been
born on the fourth day of the fourth month, the boy should
have had powerful. magic. He didn't. Angered at being
denied once again, the boy flew into a rage and underwent
his First Change.

' The shaman, who was also Uktena, took him to the
Sept of the Crooked Mountain, where the boy was identi-
fied.as. a Theurge. From his first steps as a Garou Medicine
Worker, Broken Medicine showed great power. He accom-
panied several packs on virtual suicide missions and re-
turned to sing the praises of fellow Garou who had fallen in

|


battle. Those who returned with him told amazing stories of
how his powers defeated almost unbeatable Wyrm-creatures
orsaved the pack. His legend grew to rival that of Geronimo.

Just as he seemed likely to be named a leader among the
Theurges of the entire Uktena Nation, he disappeared:
Inquiries into his fate ran into a silent wall of Bane Tenders
who assured his septmates that Broken Medicine was en-
gaged in important work for the Uktena.

Soon thereafter, packs fighting against overwhelming
odds would sometimes be joined by a silent figure wielding
amazing power, who disappeared into the Umbra when the
fighting ended. Many claimed that figure was Broken Medi-
cine. Fewer sightings have occurred as time passes. Dozens
of packs have sought Broken Medicine through the years;
none have discovered him. Speculation ranges from belief
that he's long dead (a victim of some Bane Tender plot) to
the idea that he's guarding a particularly nasty Bane. Now,
only one Garou knows the truth concerning this great
Shaman. Broken Medicine himself never wanted to end up
like the great Geronimo, shown as acuriosity at Washington
parties and selling photographs of himself to white tourists.
He preferred to be forever remembered as the legend he was
at the height of his powers.


A (Ge

(

VEE Ca: PT

Name:
Player:
Chronicle:

Physical
Strength @0000
Dexterity @0000
Stamina @0000

weer ee A SS dt Abilities acu

mre

CEMA

Breed: Pack Name:

Auspice: Pack Totem:

Camp: Concept:

Social Mental

Charisma @0000 Perception @0000

Manipulation. @0000 Intelligence_____ ®0000

Appearance__— @OO00 3 — Writs @0000
creme Coatownar

Skills Knowledges

Animal Ken OOOO0O Computer OOO00O

Drive OoOOO0O | Enigmas OOO0O0O

Etiquette OOOOCO Investigation 00000

Firearms 0OOoO0O — Law OOO0O0O

Leadership OOOOO Linguistics 00000

Melee OOO000 Medicine OOO0O

Performance 00000 Occult 00000

Repair 00000 Politics OOOO0O

Stealth, 00000 |. Rituals OOOO0O

Survival___———— OOOOO Science___— 0000

weer A SALAD ANLAGES samme nmnme Loraine

Gifts

Gifts

Calents
Alertness OOOOCO
Athletics OOOO0O
Brawl. OOOO0O
Dodge OO0O00O
Empathy OOOO0O
Expression, OOOO0O
Intimidation. OOOO0O
Primal-Urge OOO00O
Streetwise OOOO0O
Subterfuge. SS OOO0O0
B ackgrounds
OO000
OOO00O0
OOO00O0
OO00O
OOOO0O
————~ Renown -—<——
Glory

oO0d0d0D0d0 0000

QOOOO00000
Honor

ooo ao 0g 0 00 0
NOOOOOOOOO
Wisdom
ao00ao0ag00 00 0 0
NOOO OOOOOO

wz Rank-——<—

OE Ps ST ET SY,

~" Rage ———_<—
0000000000
QOOOOOOOO00
<< GN0SiS————aam
CO000000000
NOONNOOOOO00

———- Willpower ——
0000000000

NOOOOOOOOO

~Health-—<—

Bruised

Hurt -l
Injured -l
Wounded -2
Mauled -2
Crippled 5

Incapacitated

-~Weakness -—<——
INTENSE CURIOSITY:

BECOMES EASILY OBSESSED

WITH LEARNING SECRETS

COooooce

Ge

y


woe Homid iow — labret

: Strength (+2)___ ____ Strength(+1)___
No Stamina (+2) Ss sD ___ Dexterity (+2)___
AZ Change Appearance (- )___ Stamina oa Stamina(+2)
Appeatance 0 —_ Manipulate 3)
Manipulation (- J et os
Difficulty: 6 ¢ Difficulty: 6 Difficulty: 7 Difficuley: 6
INC TE DELIRIUM ee SG

OO000O0 Item: LiDedicated Levels Gnosis

00000 Power: _ a

00000 § Item: QDedicated Level____ Gnosis___

OOO00O0 Power: amet

O0000 Item: OiDedicated Level___ Gnosis. -_

00000. §  Power:__ -

O0000 weoumremnarr ems a If Bam ET,

oooco §

00000

00000 NN —

00000 N

O0000

O0000

OO00O0

OOOOO .

Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty} Damage |Range| Rate | Clip Brawling Chart

Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Bite Dex+Brawl 5 Strength+1}
Body Slam Dex+Braw! 7 Special
\" Dex+Brawl 6 Strength+2t
Grapple  Dex+Brawl 6 Strength
Kick Dex+Brawl 7 Strength+1
Punch Dex+Brawl 6 Strength

{These maneuvers do aggravated damage.

Armor:


VEE e Ca 5T

4
ach joe

| TMA FE

Nature: Demeanor:
J 2 Merits & Flaws om, 4
A Merit Type Cost Flaw Type Bonus
wen Expanded B ack ground ~_-—Zanetorsar |

Allies Pack Totem
Contacts Past Life

Kinfolk Pure Breed

Mentor Resources

"Possessions Alva wa Experience lina

Gear (Carried): TOTAL:
- Gained From:__

Equipment (Owned):

"ha Sept Ailivas
Name:
Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:

iy Level: Type: Spent On:

Totem:
Leader:

OFLA PT ET i iiemey //,

a A

CEYA I~

es eee
ZA

8 (oe

Height | Weight

Homid:
Glabro: Battle Scars:

Crinos:

Lupus Metis Detormity:
Pack Chart Character Sketch

i,
Prelude y
Age: ,
Eyes:
Race: :
Nationality: |


Why is the sky?
Who made the Wim?
How can a whisper?
What have you learned?

When came the anger?
Why does the pain?
Can we discover?

What have you gained?

Aré our traditions?
When do we know?
Who seétyes the Mother?
How will yow'grow?

Which are our secrets?
Why don't we share them?
What other tribe could possibly,bear them?
— A riddle song asked Ofthose who would learn Banertending

Uktena Tribebook includes:

* The history and culture of the'mysterious Uktena tribe
* The secrets of the Uktena's forbidden magic

*'A "Legendsofithe Garou" comic books five ready-to-play
character templates, and more

ones 56504- At 2
3062 $10. 00.

WW
|

7815 uM 51045336!
Pied in Canada

,