# File: Uktena (Revised).txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

RA e
GAECCG
ess
2,



DPreams and Beasts

The dream took her under dark waters again. It had

happened every night for what seémed like forever,.once she
was awake. Erishka Derr knew how to swim, had spent the
occasional summer day splashing in the Gulf of Mexico, where
the azure water movéd quietly against the shore. But this dream
wasn't one to remember with pleasure. The sea around her felt
cold,.not sun-drenched. And... things surrounded her..Tall
pillars made from crushed shell, though Erishka didn't under-
stand how she knew that. Fins of invisible flesh touched her
water-wrinkled skin, making her shiver in dread. And worst of
all, the shadow without a form, an impossible animal of some
kind: a silhouette with a long, lashing tail and a fanged maw.
Each ‘night, its voice became clearer through the frothing
waters. :
"Uktena's children are of the streams, of the tivers. They
cover the earth and wash the faces of humans with ebony tears.
Find what was lost, and return it to me, along with the secret
that you cannot see."

The dream almost always ended the same way, with the
long tail whipping around to strike her before she could dodge.
She woke drenched in sweat, the hair on her arms becoming
longer with the rising of the moon.

Erishka's Notebook

I killed my first enemy today. One of the pack leaders asked me
to help him patrol the area near the caern, the bawn he called it, and
I was eager to see the land, so-I said yes. We were walking around
the baun when .a monster burst through from the shadow world. It
looked like a cross between.a giant cricket and a fanged gecko. I
thought I'd be more afraid, -but maybe m-y instincts are better than I

know. I felt my body change as it did before; and my heart burned
with hatred for this creature. Later, as we rested, the pack leader gave
his approval. He didn't say much, but 1 could tell he was pleased. I've
learned alot since coming here——about the many tribes, the auspices
and even the Wyrm,-the Weaver and the Wyld. Today I learned I
could fight and win.

Erishka suppressed the urge to bounce around with excite-
ment. Scarce a month had passed since she'd gone through
what Grandmother called First (Change. Fifteen years of life
hadn't prepared the young half-Choctaw foranything like that.
How come everybody seerned so: sober most .of the time?
Erishka's heart swelled with joy; and she wished her mother
could have lived to see her. Grandmother said that her mother
had been called Dyes-with-Wyrm- Blood, or at least that's how
itroughly translated, but Erishka's grasp of the language sucked,
and she couldn't remember the Choctaw woman who'd left a
two-year old child witha light-skinned father to return to her
own people.

Erishka hadn't understood then how anyone could leave
a baby, but now, with the whole Garou story, it made more
sense..And it explained why her father, a successful professor of
anthropology, had abruptly turned his interests from studying
weaving methods of the southeastern Indians to. examining
rare textiles of Scandinavia. Anything to forget what had
happened and distance himself from the inevitable. Work had
always distracted him from Erishka. He wasn't cruel or careless,
just absent-minded. A series of kindly housekeepers had guarded
his energetic daughter -until her fourteenth birthday when
Grandmother had shown up. Erishka didn't think she was really
her mother's mother, but she knew enough about Choctaw

Ukfena


folkways to realize it was a perfectly polite way to address an old
woman.

Her fatherhad accepted this new guardian with distracted
easé, heading off on a yearlong sabbatical,.seemingly resigned
to the fact that he might or might not see Erishka again. Now,
thinking back on it, she realized he must have known all about
the werewolves, but he'd never breathed a word of it. Grand-
mother said her father was from old Creole blood, Kinfolk from
many generations ago, and that his indifference was to hide the
pain of loss—the-loss of a wife and a child who belonged to
Gaia, not him.

The only blemishes on her joy were the dreams, terrible
nightmares that she hoped she could forget. It was spring when
she went to Grandmother to ask about the fear each night
brought:

Grandmother was boiling madder root over a fire, breath-
ing in the musky fumes as she dipped long coils of reed into the
soupy dyebath. Some women.of the Mississippi Choctaw liked
the modern chemical dyes, but Grandmother preferred the
traditional ones: Brazilwood, alkanet, cochineal. She fixed
them with the men's urine and scoffed at the young women who
turned up their noses because the rich women with lacquered
nails and too much turquoise paid handsomely for her ‘all-
natural' baskets at the pow-wows. After Erishka had shared the
tale, Grandmother stirred.

"Thad my eye on you for many years, watching from the
shadows," the old woman explained.."Then, when.I knew the
time was right totell you ourstory, lcamie for you. The roots told
me the path, and the corn's rustling led me along."

"But how did you know? And what should I do about these
dreams?" persisted the girl, unable to understand what the old
woman teally meant. Grandmother shrugged and wouldn't
answer for a long time. Finally, she spoke, moving away from
the past and into the future.

"You have work to do, granddaughter. You think it is all
weaving baskets and chasing swamp rabbits.on four legs?
Dancing at the gatherings and clawing the enemy? You earn
your keep."

"TY don't mind hard work," Erishka retorted: "What do you
want me to do? Where do I begin?"

Grandmother kept stirring. "Part of becoming one of us ‘is
the unraveling of mysteries. Start where the vision leads you.
Water is life. Begin there."

So Erishka found herself bumming a ride with some of the
locals on the rez down.to the bay, a couple of hours away. They
went for shrimp and fish; she traveled for the sake of unlocking
the mystery preying on her mind.

The waters in the bay were calm that day; no distant
watetspouts or impending storms loomed on the horizon.
When. the others went off to fish, she dug her feet in the warm
sand. For now, it was pleasant: In a couple of months, she knew,
the heat would be roasting. Lying back, Erishka stared up at the
sky and waited. She had no idea if or when she'd get "inspired,"
but if this was how it was supposed to happen, then so be it.

Hours passed. Erishka sweated; the sun was hotter than it
should have been for springtime. She lay down on her back,
squinting into the bright light. The rush and retreat of the

waves on the fine sand reminded her of slow breaths, and hers
instinctively slowed as well. The heat raised salty droplets on
her skin, salty as the océan, whose surface gave no hint as the
secrets it held in its black, lung-crushing depths.-Her mind
pulled away, floating like driftwood on the sea, and she lost
herself in the heat and the heartbeat of the pulf.

A-winged shadow fell across her face. Erishka heard the
frantic beating of feathers asa large pelican crashed to the earth
near her feer..She recoiled, for it smelled of long-dead fish and
rancid waters. With its long bill tucked against neck and body,
it appeared to be mouthless, staring at her with two unblinking
eyes. It croaked at her, and she heard words in the sound.

"The plume of my distant kin lies long forgotten. The quill
must be broken, the spirit made free. Find it where the humans
watch it, day after day, wondering at its age, knowing not what
it means." The bird flew away, leaving Erishka staring after it in
wonder.

Cold water dowsed the girl.. Locking up, the hor sun-was
cooling against the waters of the bay, and the tide was capturing
ground in a series of rushes. Hours had passed, and farther down
the shore, she heard the calls of the Kin, finished with their
work for the day.

All during the ride home; the young werewolf pondered
the pelican's message. Somewhere, she surmised, there was a
bird feather that contained a spirit, a talen. She had to find it
and snap the quill to release -a trapped spirit——that all made
sense. But where was the thing? And what kind of bird feather
was she searching for? It was like looking for asingle shell onan
endless shore. The clue had to be in the part about humans
looking at it, maybe trying to study it... Then, a thought came
to Erishka. Wasn't this the same sort of thing her human father
had done? Taken relics from ancient cultures and scrutinized
therm in extreme detail? Puzzled out their origins and purpose?
If that were so, she knew just where to begin her search.

o* 8 ©

Erishka went the next day to the state university museum,
which was in her hometown. It wasn't a huge school, but the
museum had a few impressive collections. Some had been
donations, but she knew that others had been taken without
permission, from Choctaw, Creek and a niimber of other
nations. After wandering around for an hour, she was ready to
admit defeat. Nothing on display even remotely seemed to fit
the. pelican's description..Then, she caught sight of some
students from the archaeology department; a few looked famil-
iar, but she couldn't call them by name. They headed into the
back of the museum, towards the lab. Could they have it back
there ,not on display? she wondered. Maybe it's worth checking out
later tonight.

Killing time until the moon rosé was easy. Erishka had
forgotten the simple pleasures of walking around campus,
checking Gut new books in the library, seeing people her own
age without the extra burdens:she'd been given. But she felr
nervous, anxious and on edge, allat once, asthe day turned into
night. An almost palpable relief washed over her when she saw
the moon; her moon, already well above the horizon. Creeping
behind one of the buildings, the young werewolf crouched a
moment inthe darkest pool of shadow she could find. Fingering

a small square of hide from. a water moccasin, she began her

legends of the Garou: Of Dreams and Beasts 3


whispered prayer for Great Uktena's favor in tonight's hunt,
"Great Ukrena, Breaker of Secrets, Searcher in. the' Dark
Places..." It was a ritual Grandmother taught her, imploring
the tribe's totem spirit to aid her search for lore}; it was a ritual
that up until now she'd never needed. Now she cast about until
she found a puddle left over from yesterday's shower. The half-
faced moon glittered in the water's shallow surface,and with
her mind focused, Erishka let herself fall into the reflection. Icy
cold swallowed her from foot to shoulder to head, but as she
tumbled to the ground, she felt the physical world pass away and
the land of rhe spirits open before her-

The landscape was much changed. Where the newest
buildings stood, there was nothing but the afterimages of pines,
now empty of animal spirits. The older structures seemed solid
enough, though recent renovations had not yet left an impact
on their spiritual counterparts.. The moon seemed brighter,
larger, and the world was drenched in the silvery light. She
marveled at the eerie stillness of a campus devoid of students.
Indeed, she saw far fewer spirits than were found at the caern.
Some electricity spirits flashed around light poles or flickered
dimly through underground cables...A. small antlike spirit
bounced through the air-— no doubt secure in its PDA nest in
someone's backpack. But all was generally quiet at this hour of
the spiritual night.

The museum retained its physical shape, but to her vision,
it was-constructed of threads, some thick, some gossamer.
Walking to the wall, she tested the strength of the strands, then
took on her war form, reared back and slashed ar rhe weakest
ones. They gave way easily, but as she reached through to pull
herself inside the structure,- her arm went numb. She tried to
withdraw,.but her limb was held fast by a thousand micro-
strands of webbing. Growling in frustration, she ripped at the
web wall with a leg, only to feel another spray of webbing sink
into her foot, trapping it' a moment before she jerked it free.

Movement writhed in the darkness beyond. Erishkareached
forward, -prabbed,-and yanked a-startled, metallic spider-like
spirit to her. With a roar, she stretched down and began biting
legs, even as the spirit snapped at her. It nipped at her with sharp
mandibles until she lost her grip and dropped it. With another
hard pull, she wrenched her arm free of the webbing, and turned
again to deal with the pattern spider flopping around on its two
remaining legs. A series of brutal slashes, andthe spirit lay broken
and inert, the light in its eyes fading to darkness. Stomping her
feet, she felt the numbness replacéd by a throbbing ache. More
time passed before she could fully close her hand.

Ignoring the pain in her limbs, Erishka moved forward,
past the thin webs covering the building. Something's here! she

Mines


thought, feeling a'tingle at the base of her spine. Ahead, past
the dim splashes of light coming from the display cases, she saw
a brighter light emanating from the lab..Moving closer, she
spotted flashing brief sparks against the moonlit landscape, in
shades of crimson-.and azure... The source of the light was a
strange object resting on a worktable. She pushed through the
wall between the world —~ colder, thicker now — and settled
into the quiet, dim lab room. Drawers and trays lay neatly side-
by-side on the workbenches, with many more in cabinets lining
the walls. She looked down on a tray with feathers, bird skulls,
and leg bones, but she knew which object she was here for.

That it was a big feather was'readily apparent, but' it
séemed. covered by a black mesh. It took the young werewolf a
few moments to realize what it was——a thick-quilled turkey tail
feather woven with the coarse hairs of the bird's beard. Erishka
had seen wild male turkeys a few titnes. They were a cross
between comical and stately, with their large brown and white
feathers on display, combined with the waggling purplish heads
and the tufty beards that hung from their chests. But this object
was different——not only was it the remains of a living creature,
it was the vessel for a spirit. Faintly twining around the quill
were tiny glyphs, Garou glyphs,.in: dark ink. She carefully
plucked the fetish from the table, barely noting the museum ID
tag that dangled from the feather by a cotton string; tomorrow
it would be relegated to a list of lost artifacts by museum staff.

The Uktena flicked ona row of overhead lights and looked
around the bright room for a reflection. In the end,-she had to
settle for the reflection in the dusty glass of a cabinet face. Even
with the reflection, it took her longer to squeeze through the
cold, suffocating barrier than she cared for. Yet her troubles
weren't over, for where she pushed through the webbing of the
Penumbral wall, two more spiderlike Weaver spirits were
mending the tear. At least a pair of the spirit's eyes fixed on her
as she approached. Erishka had no desire to fight two pattern
spiders at once, so she cast her eyes about the display hall.
Above-her,. an electricity spirit wiggled in-a spotlight like a
tadpole in a pool. In the tongue of the spirits, she hailed the
arcing blue electricity spirit. Though it continued to turn and
thrash, the sharp smell of ozOme told the Half-Moon that for
better or worse she had its attention. "I ask a favor of you. Drive
off those two spirits," she continued, pointing at the wall. "It
will be a funny prank, won't it, to see them jump?" The bulb
sparked at the thought of mischief —~ or perhaps with anger at
the impertinent request. "And for this little joke, I pledge that
no light in my Grandmother's house will dim for a full phase of
the moon." She'll understand the chiminage; she thought. I hope
she'll understand her electric bill.

The electric tadpole slowed its mad revolutions, then
vanished from its haven.-An instant later, it arced froma
wall socket, dancing between the spiders and making them
skitter away, disappearing in a terminal at the other end of
the hall. The electric spirit threw a spark at the werewolfs
foot before flashing into the socket. As the unpleasant tingle
faded from her leg, Erishka thought how pleased with itself
the litrle spirit looked.

Tearing through the half-repaired wall, she stepped out
again into the penumbral night. Hesitating only amoment, she
picked up the quill and with a swift motion, snapped it in two.

A misty form poured from thé broken .quill,-and a few
séconds later, a large male turkey preened and gobbled before
her, the faint azure light still clinging to its leathery head. The
spirit seemed quite animated, maybe even pleased, and as it
spread its wings, it pecked at the remains of the talen she'd let
fall to the ground. The quill itself disappeared, but the stiffhairs
remained. The turkey pushed them towards her with its beak,
and then turned and flew away. Thoughtfully, Erishka bentand
touched the beard, surprised to find it quite solid. She remained
a few moments, then found her way back to the waking world.

» 2 @

"And the turkey left these beard feathers," she finished,
hoping her elder would tell her precisely what had happened.
Grandmother was ‘stirring yet another batch of natural
dyestuff. "The spirit made youa gift. He was grateful to be freed.
The question now is what are you going to do with the gift?"

Erishka shrugged: "I don't know. Perhaps there's a sept
that reveres Turkey as their totetn..Maybe finding them is a
good place to start."

Grandmother nodded as she put down her stick. "Per-
haps. Maybe you can do two tasks at once.. The sept leader
wishes you to escort a Kinfolk who has messageés for the tribe.
There are many places to go and many people to see. Kin
normally cannot go into our sacred places, but with you at his
side, he will be allowed. We have money, and you will use it
to travel in this world, not the other.. Time enough for that
later. Besides, it ism't possible for Kin to see the shadow lands
the way we can." She stirred some more and then added,"And
you can seek your answers about the -spirit's message. You
leave at dawn. Go make ready."

Erishka shrugged. This could be fun. She'd half expected
to be sent on some kind of sacred quest or at least undergo a sort
of puberty ceremony, like some of the Indians she'd read about
in her father's books: Maybe for werewolves passing through
their First Change was all the sort of ritual they needed, as
opposed to spending so many moons mixing clay for asacred pot
or whatever. This wasn't going to be so hard after all.

Erishka's Notebook

Today I leave with the Kinfolk; and I'm supposed to be his
bodyguard while he travels to see .a bunch of other werewolves.
Grandmother won' t tell me many details, but said that he needed my
help and protection: I don't really know that much about being a
member of the tribe: They tell me I am of a werewolf tribe called
Uktena,and I think that has something to do with a water monster.
Actually ,no one here has told me anything more about what Uktena
is ike. Dad had a book by some old dead ethnographer, and the
Uktena was a big snake with a rock in its forehead. But that's all I
remember. Maybe there's not that much to know. I can change shape
easily now; and I've spent some time at the sacred caern and in the
otherworld..I know the names of the sept members and which moon
face they serve. I think I remember all the tribe names, though there
are acouple that seém really similar : Possibly this Kinfolk guy knows
something, and he can tell me more about the tribes , both the others
and my own.

Thad adream before dawn. A shroud of fog hung over my eyes,
and when Il reached up to partit, my hand came away wet with dew.
In the distance I heard a waterfall, and someone was throwing heavy

Legends of the Garou: Of Dreams and Beasts 5


stones in the pool. It sounded like the gulping of an animal dying of
thirst. The mist remained before my eyes.

I see Grandmother coming with the man. He's a lot older than
me, maybe in his thirties. Looks Indian, sure enough, stocky, with
a bit of a belly and long hair. He's got horned-rim glasses, so I bet
they're government issue from the BIH. More later.

Erishka had packed her knapsack the night before, so she
was ready when Grandmother called for her to come out to
meet the Kinfolk man.

"Hey," he said, waving a hand in the air.

"Hey," answered Erishka, not sure if she should do any-
thing else. Did this guy want to shake hands? She settled for
doing nothing. "You ready to go?"

"Sure am. You can call me Jolon." He bent and hefted his
backpack.

"Is that a Choctaw name?" asked Erishka.

He laughed a bit. "Nah, I sort of come from all over. Right,
Grandmother?"

The old woman nodded, and then she did a strange thing.
She laid a hand on Erishka's brow and brushed back her dark
brown hair. Then the moment passed, and the old woman's
hand fell to her side. Grandmother said something in Choctaw,
which Erishka could hardly speak; maybe it was some kind of
farewell. Then Jolon turned and started walking. Erishka fol-
lowed him, skipping a bit to catch up. He had long legs, like a
grasshopper.

"Wait, where are we going?" asked Erishka. "You can't
mean we're walking everywhere."

"No, Idon't think so," her companion replied. He handed
her two tickets from the pocket of his jeans. "GGuess we start by
making it to the bus station. It's just a couple of miles."

Weird, thought Erishka. Pretty funny for a werewolf to ride
a bus. Oh well. "What's our first stop?" she asked aloud.

"To the east, a place some call the armpit of Florida.
Others refer to it as the panhandle. Got to drop off some
packages there, the kind that don't travel well on FedEx. We
should get there in about 15 hours or so." He shifted his pack a
bit as they walked. "Ever been to Florida?"

"Nah. I stayed around southern Mississippi for the most
part. Always thought I'd maybe get a job at one of the casinos
or something, you know?"

Jolon shrugged. "Lots of folks think that way. Guess your
world got changed a lot, eh?"

"1 didn't mind," Erishka added quickly. "I mean, this is just
so damn cool. I took to it all pretty quick, so Grandmother said.
I can't see why some find it so difficult. I mean, take this other
kid Scott, he came to the sept about the same time I did. Wigged
out! Didn't want to have anything to do with the sept or the
tribe. Thought it was all horseshit. Couple of the elders took
him off to have a talk, and I reckon he worked it out. Last time
I saw him, he seemed to be getting into it more."

The Kinfolk seemed to mull on that a bit. "Well, maybe
youw're just lucky. Or special. You'll find out in time."

They walked the remaining mile in silence, the only sound
that of their feet squishing fallen magnolia leaves. The edge of
town wasn't much, just a few gas stations and fast food joints,
plus the Greyhound station. They found a seat on a hard
wooden bench and bought a couple of sodas to pass the time.
Presently, the almost empty bus pulled up; Jolon waited until
the last call before nodding to Erishka to get on board. The seats
smelled like industrial strength chemical cleaner, and she
shuddered a bit. It just didn't feel right to her to travel this way.
But then she remembered that Kin couldn't travel the spirit
paths, and she sure couldn't drive a car, at least not legally. So
much for options.

Her companion gulped greedily from his large water bottle,
then settled in his seat and closed his eyes. "Might as well get
some rest. We got plenty of time."

Erishka wanted to write in her notebook, but nothing
came to mind. Maybe if she slept, another dream would arrive
and tell her more about the Uktena. She liked writing, but
when the mood wasn't on her, she couldn't produce something
from nothing. So she waited. The writing would come soon; she
felt it in her fingers.

Glancing at Jolon, she saw he was already snoring. His
glasses glittered in the sun filtering through the tinted windows.
Erishka squinted; the reflected light hurt her eyes. She turned
on her side, laying the seat back, and tried to dream.

ee @

Erishka drowsed as the bus gently rocked coastward. Her
mind drifted over the other werewolves in the sept; some she
knew by their birth names, but away from normal humans
everyone used their Garou names. The Uktena who before
her Change she knew by the uninspired moniker of Rufus
Chickaway, now she greeted as Thunder-Backs-Down. Birth
names said nothing about you, just about your parents. Deed
names meant something —— they spoke about what you'd
done, who you are. When she asked Grandmother when she'd
get a deed name, the old Moondancer paused in her work, and
without looking up, cryptically replied, "It won't be the last
thing you do." Then she changed the subject, and no amount
of prodding would make her say more. Such an odd thing to
be secretive about —— unless it truly had more significance
than she knew. When will I get a Garou name? her dreaming
mind wondered. . sore -

Soon, if you are worthy and wise enough to claim it, a low
voice rumbled in reply.

"What! ?" she cried as she started awake. The bus rocked as
it turned off the highway. The last of the sun's rays were burning
their slow goodnight dance on a thunderhead she saw through
her window.

Leaning over, Jolon raised his voice above the hubbub of
the groaning bus and now-animated passengers. "I said, "There's
a burger and fries in this town with my name on it.' Ora fish
sandwich and onion rings will do. My stomach's about to eat
itself. You buying?"


BY FORREST B. MARCHINTON AND DEENA MCKINNEY

WEREWOLF CREATED BY MARK REIN* HAGEN
LS a Ny

Pets

Authors: Forrest B. Marchinton and Deena McKinney
Werewolf and the World of Darkness created by Mark
Rein® Hagen

Storyteller gamé system designed by Mark Rein® Hagen
Developers: Jackie Cassada and Nicky Rea
Werewolf Developer: Ethan Skemp

MET Assistance: Peter Woodworth

Editor: Aileén E.-Miles

Art: John Bridges, Steve Eidson, Jeff Holt, Léif Jones
Art Direction, Layout & Cover Design: Aileen. E.
Miles

Cover Art: Steve Prescott & Sherilyn VanValkenburgh

Connd nA or ere"

1954 LITTON DR.
& STONE MOUNTAIN, GA
30083

WHITE WocrFl USA

GAME STUDIO

© 2003 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written pérmission
of the publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews,-and for blank character sheets,
which may be réproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Mage the
Ascension; Hunter the Réckoning, World of Darkness, Aberrant and Exalred are registered trademarks of
White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Change-
ling the Drearming,. Werewolf the Wild West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Trinity, Dark Ages Wampire,
Demon the Fallen, Orpheus, Mind's Eye Theatre and Tribebook Uktena are trademarks of White Wolf
Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names, places and text herein are copyrighted by White
Wolf Publishing, Inc:

The mentiorrof or reference to any company or product in these pages isnot a challenge tothe trademark
or copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural
elements are fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only.. This book contains mature content.
Reader discretion.is advised.

For'a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online ar

hetp://www.-white-wolf.com; alt:games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storytéeller

PRINTED IN CANADA.

8 UkfFéena

LEE Ee Ps ET IY ———— A

4egendl of the Caroy: OF Dreams and Paoatit
igeper Ove: Sinoke Tete (Piipory)

Mapper Dour: From Bottomless Poot (Tas

Contents


"Flistory" and "Myth"

and "Identity" are not three sepa-
Y

rate matters, here, but three aspects of one human being.

wwe (Carter Revard

Erishka's Notebook

We arrived after changing buses and seats three times: It's
aswampy place,.ad-ying little town with lots of fast food; discount
stores and pawnshops: The air is oppressive , and seems like every
few minutes, a bunch of fighter jets roar overhead. There's no
peace here,-so I can't imagine why werewolves would remain.
Jolon seemed to expect someone would meet us, but no one's
come yet. Guess we'll find out sooner than later if he's right..So
I guess this is my first taste of other kinds of Uktena: Hope I can
manage to find a wary to fit in: More to come...

v.. Sure enough, a Hispanic-looking guy picked us up at the
bus station and drove a couple of hours down crushed-shell roads
until we got to the sept. The older folks were very polite, especially
the Crescent Moons. There were some folks who weren't Uktena,
I think, but I didn't really talk with anybody else..They were
having a test for rank for a Gibbous Moon, and Jolor‘and I were
invited to watch. We had to purify ourselves first, which amounted

to some smudging and bathing in the creek: Jolon said he was shy,
so he went upstream out of sight:-The air was hot and still, and
even the coffee-dark water was tepid. I don't know how to
describe it; but the stillness seemed to settle into me, and I stopped
thinking and just sort of floated for a while.I got out when I heard
Jolon thrashing through the palmettos. We were directed into a
large raised hut just before sundown (and just before the skeeters
really got nasty).

A guard blocked the door but sorneone yelled for him to let
us ini, so he jumped out of the way, and we went in and sat against
the wall. There were seven folks sitting around the fire.. They all
looked like pretty important Uktena. They didn't talk much, just
sat and waited. I noticed one or two looking atJolon and me while
pretending to look ‘somewhere else. Maybe they don't get too
many Kinfolk watching Uktena business. And then this guy a
litele older than me came in and sat down in the circle....

Chapter One: Simoke Talk 11


grerpAdtrcrt or:

Death-on-the-Leaves, Uktena Elder, makes a suggestion:

Young one, it would be wise of you to learn more
about the Kin of the Uktena you question. A Garou
carries many of the beliefs and outlooks of his birth-
people, and knowing what to say and what not to say can
make the difference between a warm reception and a
cool one. Also remember that the tribal names taught in
school are almost always given to the nations by others
~~ usually enemies. You said you are visiting a mountain
caern next? An Uktena elder there probably won't mind
being called a Cherokee, but referring to his parent
nation as Ani' yun' wiya or Tsalagi will impress him, first
because you show you've paid attention, and second that
you show respect in using the old terms. Likewise, when
you meeta Navajo, referring to herasa Diné will show the
proper respect. Make sure, of course, that she really is
Diné, for there are many nations there and your attempt
at respect may be seen as a slight.

After a few moments of silence, Tide-Borne, the eldest
among them, asked the newcomer, "Why are we gathered
here, young one?"

The newcomer answered, "I am Cows-the-Gator, and
you have come to hear my story."

"A story? Why not a song?" asked Mocker Hunter,
beautiful save for the ragged scar which took her left eye.

"Because songs are for the spirits. My words are to teach
my people."

Tide-Borne nodded approvingly. "We have a young
Half-Moon among us who needs to learn of our people. Tell
us, then, the history of our tribe."

The young storyteller spoke to the group, but looked at
Erishka. "I am going to tell you about our tribe. Your tribe.
O@utsiders know some of what I tell you, but a few things are
secrets. I leave it to you to guess which must never be spoken
outside our circle." His eyes focused on empty space and all
was still. After a few moments, Cows-the-Gator raised his
arms wide, then brought them down to his side, and spoke.

She "cond Age V et

"They say the Wolf-People are very old, almost as old
as the world. That may be true, but I think they came into
being when Gaia's three children — Grandfathers Smoke,
Spider, and Serpent —— lost their way and the world fell out
of harmony. Why else would the Great Mother need war-
riors? In those days, we roamed on four legs more than on
two, for the wolf was stronger than the human. Both sides
were dear to us, for both were curious and cunning. Yet
human curiosity was especially intriguing, for they searched
for more besides food and shelter. Wolves search for these
things, and when something is unknown they try to recog-
nize it as food or threat. If it isn't in either of these categories,

12 Ukfena

OLE Le ET ST ie 7

it is irrelevant. Humans wanted to know more; they wanted
to understand. They had the power of insight, which grew
stronger as their instincts weakened. Some among them
became aware of the spirit world, and sought Out its secrets.
These humans we claimed as Kinfolk. We taught our Kin
how to live in harmony with the world, and how to honor
the spirits in their own way.

"In the long-ago time of the Wolf-People, three broth-
ers were born. The eldest was the wisest, and would think
swiftly and then act. The youngest was brave and brash, and
would always act swiftly and then think. The middle brother
would think slowly, but once his mind was made up he never
turned from his decision. When the Wolf-Peoples settled on
their territories, the three brothers moved eastward away
from the others."

Lena Potns Chr

"It was in those days, after the first journey to our early
hunting grounds and the journey to the Pure Lands, that the
brothers gained the favor of the spirits. Younger Brother
fought Wendigo, earning his patronage. Middle Brother
impressed Turtle with his unyielding will and stamina. And
Older Brother used his wisdom to defeat Great Uktena, who
agreed to become his totem. And so began the three great
tribes, who thrived—"

A Nove abiowt Chena lhittorvar

Most of the traditional tellings of earliest Uktena
history focus on the Three Brothers. Younger storytell-
ers who have been exposed to more anthropologic
versions of history often incorporate some of those
views into the early parts of the story. Having learned
from various sources, Cows-the-Gator goes back and
forth between we (the tribe) and Older Brother, which-

ever best serves his tale — or in some cases, what is
deemed proper for that version of the story. Further,
some Uktena —— like Cows-the-Gator —~ will tell sto-

ries in a way that isn't necessarily linear. To listeners
used to organizing strictly by dates, telling stories the-
matically without a strict temporal context may be
disconcerting. But this storyteller doesn't want to leave
a story thread hanging loose.

It also bears noting that different versions of a given
story may vary or even conflict. This doesn't necessarily
bother the tellers, for each version has something to
teach. When Galliards gather at Great Councils, they
may spend the whole night retelling the same story and
collectively adding to the knowledge. Of course, a ver-
sion is worth more if it has a renowned lineage, and the
teller often makes a point of learning who taught it toher
teacher. Some stories of impressive descent are jealously
guarded; the listener is not allowed to retell that particu-
lar version of the story without express permission from
the current "owner" of the story.


"Wait!" growled Burning-Howls, shaking his hairless
head.."That's no way to tell the story of our guiding spirit!
Why don't you tell it properly?"

Cows-the-Gator would not fall for the tricks of the
clever metis. "Because one should not tell such tales outside
of the proper times and places, for it may make the place or
spirit angry." He was rewarded with the slight smile from
Howls, and grunts of approval from the circle.

"That is wise," agreed Tidé-Borne quietly. "But I think
that at this place and in this time the spirit will riot be
offended." Gator nodded, and aftera moment he continued.

"The Three Brothers and their people were fine hunters
and lived well in the old lands until one year hunting grew
hard: Though winter had been mild and the rains plentiful,
the deér and other quarry grew scatce.-One day Younger
Brother was hunting when he saw a great water snake rise
from. the lake. It was as big around as a tree and had antlers
and a large clear stone on its head. It opened its mouth and
made the sound of a deer, and soon a deer came running up
and hopped into the monster's open mouth. Then ‘it sank
back into the water. Younger Brother said, ‘This serpent is
eating all the game; we will grow hungry. Hai! I will kill this
monster.' And so Younger Brother waited by the lake fora
day and a night, until the serpent again rose from the dark
waters, As it opened its mouth to call another déer; the
warrior leaped down the hill and with a war cry, he threw his
spear..The point could pin a bear to a tree, but it shattered
against the monster's red scales. So he clawed at his foe, but

again his mighty claws drew no blood but only flint-sparks
from the beast.. Then the creature slithered back into the
lake. Defeated, Younger Brother vowed to. make a greater
spear to-wound the foes But when he returned Home, he
found his mate had drowned, and his grief was so great that
he forgot all about the game-slayer:

"Days went On and gameé gréw scarce. Middle Brother
said, ‘My people grow hungry. I must find what is wrong.' So
he went hunting, and when he passed by the lake he saw the
serpent rise andcrawl into the forest, pushing trees over with
its bulk. After following it awhile he saw it eata deer. He ran
before it and said, "You have been eating all the deer. Leave
orl will kill you!' The creature hissed a laugh and said, ‘The
deer are too few now anyway. There are better things to eat,'
and slithered away..-Middle Brother went home to tell his
brothers what he had seen; but discovered his son had fallen
and died, and his grief was so great he too forgot to tell
anyone about the monster.

"In the following days, some hunters did not return
home. Older Brother went to investigate,-and found that
each hunter had dropped his spear and run to where a giant
snake lay..Each time,.the track of the snake left the scene,
but the man's did not. Older Brother said, ‘The serpent is not
content with game; now he eats our people.' But he did not
go to meet the serpent, not forsome time. Instead he tracked
the monstér from .a-distance, seeing where he went and
when he moved. He'saw the tracks of those it devoured. And
he spoke with every spirit he passed and asked what they


knew about the creature that killed on sight, but none knew
anything. Then ‘he asked Raven, who said the monster was
the Uktena, whose anger was so'great that any he looked
upon would lose their loved ones. But Raven did not know
how tokill the Uktena. Then he asked Owl, who said he saw
aman attack Uktena for eating his son; and the great jewel
in Uktrena's head blazed brighter than lightning and then
the man walked into Uktena's mouth; Owl did not think the
water serpent could. be killed. Still' Older Brother kept
searching. Finally, he spoke to Spider, whose web lay beside
the Uktena's trail. ‘I do not know this Uktena,' she said, ‘but
I saw a great wall pass me as the sky grew bright. It nearly
crushed my web,-otherwise | would not care. It had scales
like a giant snake, and many great colored spots." The Garou
asked what else Spider remembered, and after thinking
while she said, ‘When it approached I heard it hiss lik
great wind. Then | heard it scrape the ground as it passe
And heard a great pounding. Then more scraping,-an

then it was gone.' Older Brother asked, "When did you hear
Wh,

the pounding? and Spider thought a while ai
the seventh spot passed.' Older Brother thanked Spi
followed the monster's trail until he reached a. mou

On-top of the mountain, Uktrena coiled and hissed.
Garou waited until evening, when Uktena fell asleep: The
he slipped up to the top of the mountain. He touche
spear to a scale on the seventh spot and said, ‘Hail 4
where your heart isand I can kill you! Never hunt fea
again or | will tell them how and they will slayey
let out a hiss that blew down three tr
you are brave, for you tisked thoseyvo
you are clever, for you found ow
are honorable, for you did not kill me in my sleep.
I will make with you: Teach your people not to kill
honor me, and I will guide them and teach them mig
terrible secrets,-so that they may become the wisest o
peoples.
finally agreed. ‘How may we honor you?' he asked, and Great
Uktena answered, ‘By searching all the worlds for what is
hidden, and what is forgotten, and what is not yet discov-
ered. Learn all these things and you will also find where the
evil spirits hide and know them when you meet them.' And
so Older Brother returned home and told his people all these
things, and this ‘is how they became the People of Uktena."

Vo Neate Lvl

"And so we thrived on vast plains and forests, some-
times living in the shadow of the ice wall that crushed earth
and tree and bone, then drew back to let us see its devasta-
tion. Our two-legged Kin grew.cleverer.. Their stone tools
and their drawings and their words grew ever more complex,
as did their minds. Those we cherished enough to call our
mates we taught wisdom, and the chiefs who heeded their
words prospered. They struggled, as all struggle in the world,
yet these hunters kept in balance with the land.

"Then other Wolf-people came, from where the sun
goes down. They camé and slew the hunters, slaying whole

14 VUkfena

OLE LL E:T TAY ey 7a

> And Older Brother thought on this awhile, and —

Claw-Like-Flint tells-a differént tale:

There are'some elders whose ancestors told them

the forgotten tale of how Ukrena became our totem. It
was long after we claimed the Pure Lands. You see, in the
old days of the tribe we claimed Skyhawk as our totem.
No, Llexpect you have never heard of her, for no one has
seen her in many generations. Her wings stretched across
she had eyes sharper than any others, even
d saw everything in the air and' on the earth.
who led us to the Pure Lands, always guiding
award food and away from dangerous ground.
der Brother settled in the desert country, he
he went to look for Middle Brother. He
e sun. until he crossed the great riverand
sn. .mountains. He did not see Middle
» he saw Great Ukrena coiled on a moun-
ep. Because the serpent did not see him, he
but Uktena's death magic struck Skyhawk,
er into such adeep Slumber that to this day none
her. Older Brother fought Uktena, and as you
rancestor won. He demanded that Uktena bring
back to life. Great Uktena said he would if Older
Brother truly wished it, but then said, "You are wise and
skillful. There ismuch I can offer you. Youneed only honor
me_arid I will make you wiser."
or Skyhawk," Older Brother repliéd, "for she
ng in the sky and on the land."
she also see the blackest caves? Can
spens in the deepest lakes? Can she
ings and goings when. all is dark
oon sends her light across the land?
ow. Honor me, and I will make you
w'you where the dark things dwell, and
oot them out. Fight our enemies in my name
all will fear you."
Older Brother was honorable, but he-~saw the
wisdom in such an alliance... And so he did as Great
Uktena asked, and we have prospered ever since. But
for this power,-an honorable spirit was sacrificed. All
power comes with a. price; always look for the cost
before you choose. This is my story, told to me by my
Grandfather, and it is old beyond years.

bands and leaving their bodies for scavengers. This madé no
sense to us. If they hunted the hunters, why leave them to
rot? Did they wish the territory for their own Kin? Surely
there was plenty for all.

"Finally, some among us questioned the strangers: They
said they were culling the humans so they wouldn't cover
the earth. Their seers said that when. the ice retreated and
the world warmed then the humans would keep plants and
animals within walls so they wouldn't have to hunt; they
would multiply and build great structures that never move


and could withstand wind and water. We told them to do
what they wished to those in their territory,and leave our
peoples alone. We told them to hunt the monsters as our
Mother wished us to do, and not waste time killing humans.
For that would put fear into the hearts of the humans, rather
than teaching them love for the Morher. But the strangers
would not listen. They said they would return and make sure
we did as they demanded.

"We-would not do as the strangers said. And so we
prepared to defend our territory. Yet the Great Mother sent
Older Brother a dream of a vast island where game was
plentiful. No other Wolf-people lived there, but there were
many monsters that needed to be destroyed. ‘How will we
get to this island? Older Brother asked in the dream. ‘We
have no boats!' And Great Mother told him that for the
brave the sea was made dry, but soon the sea would swallow
the land again so that no ome could reach the island.

"Older Brother did not want to risk his siblings, for
though. the drearn seemed to come from the Mother, evil
spirits may sometimes'send pretty visions: So he traveled
many moons, running along the edge of the ice wall untilhe
came to the place between the ice and the sea. Crossing over
hescented game, open plains and deep forest. Older Brother
returned and told the others of this place. Younger Brother
wanted to stay and fight, while Middle Brother couldn't
decide. Finally Older Brother convinced him it was the
Mother's will, and Younger Brother didn't want to be left
behind. So they left their old hunting grounds, taking their
favored wolves and human Kin, and they crossed the land
between the ice and the sea. And after the last of the tribe
crossed, the sea covered up the land bridge so that no one
could follow them into their new homeland."

Seantind of fhe New PUcr/e

"The brothers continued their journey, beyond the
snow, through great forests... They walked across Turtle
Island from the shifting ice to the steaming jungles, from
cliffs to long beaches: Younger Brother did not go far before
he grew angry at the sun for standing too close. To him the
howl of the hungry wind was music, a call to join the dance
of death once more. So he left his siblings and returned to
the snow. Middle Brother was fond of green growing things,

and chose to make his home in the fertile valleys and forests -

of the East. Older Brother chose the desert, the clean dryness
where the shadows stand out sharply in the white burning
sun, where the game requires more searching than the plains
that groaned under the hooves of the buffalo. He traveled
the secret passes of the great mountains, and spoke with the
eagles and the cougars: He walked among the-wooden
giants; silent as the morning sea mist. He plumbed the
depths of lakes far below the surface of the earth.
"Though the Brothers occasionally met,.they always
feturned to the land they loved best. But in their wanderings
they found many evil spirits.. Together and alone, they
fought many battles, some with spirits you may yet face,
young one; others with monsters not faced since before the

won Clepeptng Usew

Land-Risés-Up whispers:

Many of my~brothers have bought into the
Wyrmbringer's lie, that our people crossed a land bridge
from their lands to these. We didn't cross no bridge: The
Wolf-people of the Turtle Island didn't come from
somewhere else. We've always been here. 1 will tell you
the story that my Grandfather told me. In the ancient
days, people lived on this land. But the Wyrm was there
too; and it moved across land and sea and corrupted
everything it touched. The Great Mother knew She
needed warriors strong enough to fight the monsters
before they covered up the world. So She sang a song of
beauty and all the winds carried the songinall directions.
And from the deserts and the forests and the plains and
the swamps, seven wolves answered Her song and came
to Her, and seven humans heard the song and followed
it also. They all followed Her into a cave deep inside the
sacred mountain at the center of the world.

And in the light of the sacred fire the people and the
wolves danced to the rhythm of the sacred song. They
joined together and their spirits mixed. Now Great
Mother wished Her new wolf-people to go out into the
world. But they did not wish to go, for the sacred fire was
bright and the song was beautiful. So Great Mother
asked Her sister to call to them. She did, and the wolf-
people saw her silver light shining down into the cave,
which drew them out into the world. But they were
happy, because each one carried the song and the fire
within themso they would never lose them. And they set
out to fight the monsters as they were made to do, and
Great Mother was pleased. That is my story.

days of our grandfathers. There was the great Bane, whom
we call Ash-Breath; he could suck all the water—"

"That," interjected Tide-Borne, "is not a good story for
today."

After a moment getting his derailed story back oritrack,
Cows-the-Gator continued. "But the servants of the Wyrm
are many and strong. To die fighting the Wyrm.is what we
do for the Mother, what we have always done. Yet such
sacrifices weaken the tribe. When several packs must die to
bring downsome Wyrm-spirit, the next spirit will face fewer
defenders. Younger Brother accepted this, for he trusts only
the way he knows —~ tear into a foe until it dies. But Older
and Middle Brothers knew there had to be a better way. If
humans attack a bear, many will fall to the animal's claws.
But if the bear is trapped in a pit, it can hurt no one. Andso
it was that we set out to learn the secrets of trapping Banes.

"Uktena and Croatan searched for many turns of the
seasons, asking questions of spirits, sometimes hiding in the
tainted dens of Banes themselves to watch them. We con-
tinue to search, to this day. The Uktena brought back many

Chapter One: Smoke Talk 15

— LE =——_a A ie A RY


things: songs of power arid the secret narnes of gréat Banes,
which gave us power over them. Many of these we shared with
the Croatan, and together we luted the greatest evils to places
where we could bind them. Some we sang to sleep; others we
wrapped in cords of energy drawn from the very earth. And
over each one we set guardians to stand vigil..So while the
lesser evils were born and grew and in their turn were slain, the
great evils stayed locked away, unable to harm anyone."

Pe FCCLLAL

"Unlike what some W endigo mightsay, humans reached
these lands before us. We took as Kin those who suited our
temperament, those who intrigued us. But we seldom lived
among the nations we chose from; instead we were always
apart from-them, pursuing our own-ways while keeping a
distant eye on the comings and goings of the. natio:
We taught our Kinfolk the ways
and Her creation. They in the
councilors among th
cherished our Kinfo
their lesser neigh
fought or joined
Kin in the territc
we seldom fought é6ve
and apart from watching, teaching out
evil wherever it took hold we had few
Tunderstand fromsome Wyrmcomers th:
in the affairs of human nations from
think, isa mistake. Watching and stri
our role. We left kingmaking to our Kin.

"But keéping men in harmony with the Mother re-
quires constant vigilance, and even .in.our strength the
Wolf-People were never that numerous: Even in the heart
of our homeland, darkness could creep in. For many, many
seasons our Kinfolk guided the peoples in the desert can-
yons, living in harmony, in beauty with the earth. Seldom
would we visit, for the people feared us as all do who aren't
of our blood. But everitually our absences grew too long.

‘There -were those who would not follow: the path of
beauty, but believed only in power. They made the people live
in larger and largér towns, spreading their crops beyond their
need so the people would grow and prosper. These wicked
people turned the hearts of our Kinfolk, or killed them, and
raided their neighbors constantly. And to become even more
powerful, they turned to evil workers of magic.. These witches
killed with a look, and ate peoples part of their rituals, to gain
strength and set themselves apart from.the harmony of the
world..The leaders relied more and more on witches for
knowledge of their enemies and the power to fight them.
Afteratime, the witches were more powerful than the leaders,
and often as not ate them-to gain their strengt

He paused and shifted into a more comfortable posi-
tion. But Erishka saw his eyes gleam under his dark brows;
touching on each of the stone-still elders before settling a
moment on her.

ad stamping out
is with People.
‘tribes meddled

16 Ukfena

OLE Ee Ps OT SY A

"Witches did gréat evil. PeSple did their bidding out of
fear, for those who tried to run or fight were cooked and eaten
in their turn,.or pinned to canyon walls to die in the sun and
hang until the wind and sand had worn them away.-Grand-
father Serpent delighted in their evils and gave them still
more power. The witches drew evil spirits to them to bring
sickness and drought in order to punish resistance or to spread
fear. But at last the Uktena returned to check on their Kin in
the canyons, and found this atrocity. Many packs descended
on the desert strongholds and slew the Banes and the witches.
Then, under the guidance of our loyal Kinfolk, the people
abandoned the cliff-cities forsmaller villages in the south, and
learned to live in harmony with the land again."

The COM of flee Cpetity llaarr

maps-the-Dark-Heart mutters frorn his dim

aot there for the crafting of
om in each tenet. This
aan flesh. Shamefully,

d-much more), and their primary targets
tches who served Grandfather Serpent ——
x to learn the plans and weaknesses of our
greatest enemies? Sadly, the practice corrupted them.
Soon, their menu grew to include foes; allies, and
even Kinfolk..Some Kin took up the bloody practice
themselves, though they gained no benefits apart from
the good will of the Heart-Eaters.. Thoroughly cor-
rupted, the Heart-Eaters used whole pueblos as bait to
lure in-powerful Banes, which were then bound into
terrible fetishes. In time,other Wolf-People discovered
the heinous acts,.and several packs hunted down and
destroyed every last Tainted. Uktena. They hope.

"Though many of our Kinfolk suffered for the lapse, we
learried from it. We learned the names of new evil spirits,
and gained insights into the weaknesses and needs of human.
minds and hearts... We were stronger for it, and hunted the
Wyrm with even more diligence.

"Here isa difference between Older Brother andhistwo
siblings. We knew subtle evils continued to grow, even after
we destroyed or bound them. Why should it mot be so?
Burned black by'a wildfire,.does not the forest grow green
again in a following season?

"But our brother tribes believed otherwise. Of course,
small Banes were often to be found if one looked hard
enough, spreading illness or madness among the unwary.
But they believed the great evils were bound forever as if evil


is finite and fixed. To them, all was a taintless paradise. We
told the Children of Wendigo to watch for the evil, but they
would not listen. They spent their strength against the bitter
north winds and each other, and called us fools. Even when
they fought the Wyrm's children, they blamed dark -but
untainted spirits. Little Brother closed his eyes and covered
his ears, and would know nothing but what he believed.

"Turtle's followers likewise believed the lie, but unlike
the Wendigo they could be shown the truth. Unfortunately,
they did not react well to being proven wrong. Theirs was the
fury of vengeance. For instance, among their Kinfolk was a
prosperous nation inva fertile valley. They grew numerous and
built high mounds and great cities... Yesterday as today, where
many people gather, there you can find Grandfather Serpent.
Yet Middle Brother would not see the corruption that grew in
his own lands. In the end, it was our Own tribe that saw the
signs and showed them to the Croatan.-In anger and humili-
ation they set to crushing the mound builders. ‘The fallen ones
were slain; by claw or by spirit-wrought misfortune..Yet the
Croatan did not stop there —— they harassed the nation and
caused the crops to wither and the warriors to flee battle: The
people fled or were captured by other nations or died of
hunger.:-Even their own Kinfolk felt their anger. Many died, and
the rest lost their lands and freedom ‘to neighbor nations —~
nations who eventually were touched by Grandfather Ser-
pent as well. We blamed ourselves for causing the destruction
of somany for'so little gain.

"Little Brotherignored us. Middle Brother overreacted.
It should not surprise you, then, that Older Brother stopped
speaking of Grandfather Serpent, and kept his own council
as he fought the enemy in his own fashion: We sought out
the evilina place, tracking it toits source, and if we were in
another's territory, we just did our work more quietly so as
not to trouble our brothers with the truth.

"Eventually the other tribes noticed how we chose our
words, or used misdirection; or simply said nothing at all. They
started to distrust us, saying we gathered secrets like maize, yet
shared nothing. Andso wedid. When all around us were things
our brothers would not believe or must not learn, we learned to
keep our secrets: We learned that lesson well."

fie Fe Lage of hy Fafters

"These were in-the days of our strength, the time the
Wyrmbringers presumptuously call prehistory. They have no
history of their own,.so they must rely on turkey-scratchings
to tell them their past. We do not need paper and ink to know
things. We knew of their coming long before they did."

A Pie Cl 20 Jif OP2

"The Intruders, the Wyrimbringers, brought death to
our Kinfolk and sickened the creatures, the air, the very land
of Turtle Island. Perhaps our ancestors would have done
things differently had they known. Perhaps not. Omens aré
too often understood only after the events take place. So it
was with our foreknowledge of the Intruders."

ee

Ft Sertt

"Mary years before the Wyrmbringers washed over our
lands, afew came to visit. Some came from across the eastern
sea, some from the west.. They never lasted long. They died
of sickness or were killed or driven off. Sometimes, their
Wolf-People protectors would come to aid their Kin. They
say the Get of Fenris came after their treacherous Kin died.
The land was the Wendigo's, but the delegation to meet the
Intruders included a Croatan and an Uktena. They refused
to listen to reason, demanding blood vengeance. But in their
fury they were stupid, and between our strength and cun-
ning; they were easily defeated and returned to their home."
He paused and looked toward Three-Dart, who had shifted
in-his seat, and waited respectfully for a question.

"Where did you hear this story?" Three-Dart asked.

"Prom Smoke Rises, Thrée-Dart-rhya. And she heard it
from..." He thought a-moment,."Sharp-Tongue. Smoke-
Rises gave me the right to tell the full story, which would
take an hour in itself."

"T have heard of her. The mame is true; for it always
does." He nodded. "Very well, go on."

"Even after they left, our seers were troubled. The préph-
ets saw strange visions, which,as is often the case, no one truly
undetstood until it was too late. One such prophet, Snowy-
Brush, saw a swarm of ants spreading from the shore, covering
everything. They chewed away all the trees and grass and
herbs; and built for therhselves great hollow mounds like the
termites in Africa do.. And when they came to a rabbit, they
swarmed it and bit ic until ic died. And the deer tried to run,
but it wasn't fast enough. Every creature, from the grasshopper
totheelk, andeventhe wolf, died and was chewed to nothing.
But then a great black snake slithered intotheir midst, butno
ants touched it. Instead, itfedon the ants, and grew bigger and
fatter. The venom that dripped from its mouth blackened the
earth. The great snake slithered into one of the mounds. Soon
all was adesert and nothing moved but ants. So said Snowy-
Brush, a legend of our people; from whose line Fought-in-the-
Marsh-rhya descends." The gray wolf shook herself, her tail
thumping the wooden floor once in acknowledgement of the
compliment. Erishka thought, What 4 suck-up.

"This and many other visions came to' us ovér the
generations, but -orher than that our world went or-as
always.. That would change."

"A few scattered drops ¢an herald the mightiest storms: S6
it was with the coming of the Intruders. They came in their
ships and beheld our beautiful lands, lands that weren't pro-
tected by forts and wallsand cannon as they were in Europe. So
they stepped on our shores and claimed the ownership of all
they could see. Sometimes, they traded with the villages they
foimd. Often, they raided therm for food, slaves ‘or treasures.
Their expeditions always lost many to illness or the hostility
they fostered in the nations they met: Many times I have asked
the elders why we did not drive them away.

Chapter One: Smoke Talk 17

EL LP LY NS


Their answers were always different. We didn't notice,
being busy with fighting evil spirits. We were few and always
stayed near our sacred places. We left the nations to look
after themselves, so long as no Wolf-People were among the
Intruders..One elder told me that his ancestor ‘asked the
spirits what would happen with these explorers ——~ would
they keep landing on the coast and causing trouble? No, the
spirit replied, soon they would die and no longer raid our
shores..So the Spirit-Talker did nothing.-And the spirit
spoke true; for in time the explorers stopped raiding the
shore, for after the plagues ran through the villages and the
colonists came, the Intruders owned the shores, they were no
longer ours. Sometimes the spirits don't tell the whole truth;
that is why we must be clever and ask the right questions."

PUpriirtngers

"The first of the Wolf People to follow their Kin toour shores
were the Shadow Lords: Thar was unfortunate. If the Children of
Gaia or even the Silent Striders had arrived first, 1 believe the
meeting would not have had such tragic consequences.

"The Shadow Lords met with our tribe even as their Kin
treated with Moctezuma. Their language was unknown,-and
even their Garou tomgue was a little strange to us, being
separated by thousands of years of speaking. We greeted them
in the name of Uktenaand the Great Mother. They guessed the
latter was our name for Gaia, but they could not recognize our
tribal totem. When we described Great Uktena I suppose it was
all their leaders could do to keep the packs from attacking, for
to them as to Younger Brother our totem sourded like the
Wyrm incarnate. Still, we did not smell tainted.

"These Garou from the'east were haughty, giving no
gifts, sharing no smoke, only demanding that we report how
we protected our people from the Wyrm. We were careful to
reveal little to them until we understood them better, but
our caution fuelled their mistrust. The ricual bloodletting
the people practiced seemed to bother them greatly —- these
werewolves whose grandfathers spoke for the Impergium!
We assured them that our packs were always watchful for

Banes, and that they would find no more taint than we felt.

from the Spanish. Needless to say, there was much tension
between our tribes.
"Then it all went wrong. One-of their packs went

snooping around the great pyramids.. They discovered the -

great Bane that slumbered there. We have since learned that
the Wyrmcomers never learned how to bind Banes this way,
so they mistook the prison for a haven. In a fit of rage they
slew the Bane Tender and attacked the W/yrmspawn. Rather
than killing it, they woke it and were slain or driven away.
The Bane touched both Aztec and Spaniard with blood-
madness. His own people stoned the Aztec king and there
was a great slaughter on both sides.

"The surviving Shadow Lord packs accused us of being
Wyrm filth and attacked us: We had no choice but to kill

them all, for they had already done great evil to our land. Yet .

before they died, a messenger escaped into the spirit lands to
bring word to their tribe of the great defeat. We were still

18 Ukfena

dealing with the escaped Banes when many packs of Shadow
Lords appeared out of the air and attacked. One of our
Camazotz allies winged away in search of aid, but she died in
a searing bolt of skyfire. We were forced from our caern in

- the crumbling Aztec Empire; driven into the jungles.

"Next, the slayers turned their attention to other peoplés
and other sacrificial cults, inadvertently freeing Banes that
plague Mexico to this day. There they met the Balam and
the Mokolé, and the Breeds immediately fell on each other.
In their rage, the Jaguar People and the Lizard People lashed
out at any Garou they found, including the Uktrena. The
Kinfolk .of the Balam. fell from sword and disease,.and
eventually they retreated to their Den-Realms. The Mokolé
fell back to their wallows, killing any Wolf People who came
near. But the Camazotz were not warriors. They could only
run away, and they didn't even do that. They flew from ally
to ally, reporting how the war progresséd.

"Soon-all were embattled, and none -could aid the
others. Day by day, the native warriors either disappeared or
were slain, and there was nothing more for the Bat People to
do. Some stories say they fell into despair, and simply waited
or milled about. One by one; they died underthe claws of the
Wyrmcomers,.even as packs spread northward in search of
more Fera. "They say the last Camazotz faced a pack of
Shadow Lords in the penumbral shadow of his cave, the
haunted look of failure in his eyes. When the klaive pierced
him, he shrieked the most horrible cry, as if all his Breed
were crying together, echoing all of Gaia's collective pain.
Several of the Garou pack went mad; the murderer went
deaf. But the cry echoed through the upper sky and all the
worlds. It laid the Shadow Lords low, it is said, and for once
they actually felt guilt for a wrong they had committed.
From that day, the Lords took -no part in the struggles
between the Garou and the Fera of Turtle Island.

"There were other battles as well. Every time the Euro-
pean Garou met orher changers, they assumed the worse.
Perhaps they really believed Fera to be corrupt, but I suspect
they believed the Changers would pay them. back for the
genocide the Garou committed in the War of Rage, and
wanted to get in the first blow.- Whatever the reason, when
Fera were scented, European packs hunted them as hard as
any Wyrmspawn. Some Fera managed to escape the worst of
the persecution. The Nuwisha were clever enough to escape
being caught, while the children of Grandmother Spider were
adept at hiding in plain sight. But the Panther People suffered
greatly whenever a pack brought them to bay. The loss of their
Kin to W yrmbringer persecution only hastened their decline.
Ass for the Raven Folk, we weren't about to let them suffer the
same fate as the Camazotz. As hard as it is to surprise a Corax,
we made sure it was impossible. Of all the Fera-hunters, the
Fianna were probably the worst, but for some reason they left
the Corax alone ——- even those who hate Stag's tribe admit
this. But they did their share of carnage, along with the Get
of Fenris: 1 doubt any Intruder tribe is completely blameless,
even the Children of Gaia. Someone in every tribe helped in
the hunt, or at least did not hinder.


"Though we bear many grudgés against each of the
Wryrimcomer tribes, we reserve our bitterest hate for the
Shadow Lords. They drew first blood against us, strengthen-
ing the Wyrm by their stupidity, and they drove to extinc-
tion a loyal Fera Breed so inoffensive not even a blind metis
could claim Glory from the fight."

Tide-Borne looked up at the storyteller. His tone was
soothing, yet Erishka heard the sterner edge of command
beneath. "I understand the reasons for your anger, perhaps
better than you do yourself. But while we may remember and
not forgive; while we may distrust, we must nor fall into the
trap of hate. Hatred has taken Younger Brother, and he no
longer seeks the path of wisdom, only of revenge. Besides,"
he added, glancing towards the glowering Three-Dart, "the
Intruder's blood mingled with our own, eventually. For all
that they weakened the nations and Gaia's cause, they also
added their strength to our tribe." He accepted his charge's
nod of acquiescence, and motioned for him to continue.

LD Fr 0fft0r2 Sr ioce

"The dld grandfathers say that the death cry of the Bar-
People echoed throughout the spirit world. Some say the
extinction of a Changing Breed called one of the greatest of
all evil spirits, and it came. If that-is so, it did not come
immediately, but then it had along way to go. But come it did.
It was called Eater-of-Souls, and it was part of the Wyrrn itself.

"The Uktena first heard of its coming. It arrived with
the speed of the wind and the roar of a tornado. The lucky

spirits got out of its path, but the rest were consumed by the
spiritual firestorm of its primal hunger. The spirits warned us
that it meant to break through the borders of the spirit lands
and enter our world, where it would devour all. We gathered
invhurried councils, trying to determine where it would enter
our world and what to do when it got here: We sent runners
to the other tribes in warning and a call for aid, for we would
need to unite -as never before..But the Wendigo: were
scattered far and wide, and time was needed to gather them.
Middle Brother did not answer our call.

"W/edo not know for sure what happened, for the spirits
close enough to hear were destroyed. But some elders say the
prophets of the Croatan learned where the Eater-of-Souls
would appear: where the land met the eastern sea, the place
the Wyrmbringers called North Carolina. Why there? No
one knows..Some say there was no reason, it was simply a
place: Others say it was drawn by the hunger of the starving
Wyrmbringers who built their settlement there, or by a rite
enacted by Black Spiral Dancers. Regardless, their greatest
Spirit-Talkers devised a powerful rite, which would send the
monster back where it came from. They knew that it would
take the lives of a great many Wolf-People, and that even if
they succeeded none would survive. The Croatan decided
that the Children of Turtle would bear this burden alone,
sparing their brother tribes so that Turtle Island might still
have protectors.

"The Uktena messengers; and those of us who lived
among the Croatan in those days, tried to-change their


minds, to convince them to lét the other tribes help them.
But once Middle Brother had chosen a path, he could not be
turned from it any more than a mountain can be moved by
the strongest wind. They did honor us, however, by letting
our people in their midst join the battle.

"In. the spirit world we heard the sound like a distant
thunderstorm, rushing and rumbling, and knew the monster
had come. From caerns near and far, we called upon moon
bridges to carry us to the lands of our brothers. But none
came, for each of Middle Brother's caerns were closed to us.
By the time our warriors reached the coastal battleground,
it was over.-All were gone —~

Croatan; Uktena; Wendigo, Kinfolk and Wyrmbringers,
body and spirit —— and to this day no trace of the defenders
has been seen in spirit homeland or as ancestor spirit.

"Bitterly we mourned Middle Brother's sacrifice. But now
we had a new duty: to take up the burden the Croatan had laid
down. We searched far and wide for the caerns of our brothers,
reopening them where we could, concealing those we were t
few to protect. Some we knew of, others we discovered
some were never found. More importantly, we search:
secret places where the great Banes were kept, t
over them. .Most of these we found —~ m

"Since then we have :
mourned him. He alway
did not choose
of winter we g a song -of th
sacrifice. Many septs sing to Tur
hear us and return.

"Middle Brother was also the bridge between us. ¥
Brother and Older Brother listened to him more th
listened to each other. They drifted apart after that, éac.
his own concerns. Younger Brother blamed Older Brother for
not saving Middle Brother (as younger brothers often do) and
with no one to calm his anger, he let his Rage and hate burn
stronger than the winter winds he favored. I think he secretly
envied Middle Brother, too, and wished he could have died by
his side. Older Brother understood his sibling's pains for he
blamed himself (as older brothers often will) as well — fornot
knowing where the evil would strike, and for not outthinking
his brave-but-not-brilliant brother. And so he became lost in
his search for secrets, for the knowledge he would need for
future, as-yet-unimagined crises:"

The Datts of Mary Peoples

"The Intruders were few at first, and though they had
guns and armor and horses, we could have driven them from
our shores as we did hundreds of years before. But they had
a weapon more terrible and more effective than anything
the Wyrmbringers could make with steel or wood or black
powder —~ a weapon we could not fight..It-was disease.
‘Tuberculosis, cholera, measles, .influenza; typhoid —~ all
these and more were spread by the filthy, corrupted
Wyrmbringers, but the worst of all was smallpox. It swept
through villages time and again until there was no one left
to contract it. Those it did not kill, it corrupted, disfiguring

20 Ukfena

OLE LF ST i TT IR LL

unimportant when th

them insidé and out. The peoples of this land had no
reckoning of such plagues. When one fell ill, the family and
the medicine men would hover near to provide support, and
ended up infecting themselves.

"The great cities emptied and disappeared, leaving
fallow fields and the occasional mound that a few years later
the Intruders attributed to ancient civilizations. With the
collapse of their societies, survivors escaped to smaller
villages or reverted to their old hunter-gatherer lifestyle.

"The death began when the first Wyrmbringers set foot
on our lands, but it did not end for hundreds of years. Most
times the spreading of the contagion was accidental, al-
though a -Wendigo told me that once soldiers handed out
smallpox-infected blanket to Indians, intending to cause
sickness.

"Whole nations died out. All their cultures, their songs,
their beliefs, their memories... all lost. Nations grew too weak
the Intruders.-In despair many lost their faith
d turned to the god of the Intruders. As the
p, our Kin and their peoples grew weaker,
ter dying on the reservations.
many perished —

F
‘To those of our tribe wi

Thirty-Scalps growls his own view:

Ithink the coming of the Europeans was almost a
good thing. The people of our lands were growing too
clever. They learned the secrets of growing corn rather
than letting the Mother provide everything. They grew
numerous and gathered into huge settlements. And
certain men became powerful and were called chiefs
and priests. They made up religions and made war on
their neighbors for" power instead of for food. The
Wyrm loves such times; for it is easier to corrupt when
there is great power to be had, and ten thousand men
can do more harm. than twenty alone.

So they built great mounds and pyramids for their
leaders and their gods,.and they spilled each other's
blood in the names of lord and god, and the taint grew.
And our ancestors could do little.

Then the invaders came and brought down the
kings of the stone temples.' Their diseases and their guns
emptied the great cities and sent the survivors back tothe
small villages or the nomadic ways of the old days. Once
this happened, we should have fallen on the invaders
with all our might and killed them all so that they would
forget the Pure Lands again. But we did not, and in the
end the small numbers were our peoples' downfall.

=|


Ake Fx on fle or

"They continued to come, these people from across the
great water. A few here and there, not enough to be a threat.
Some nations made them welcome while others fought them.
But more and more came, and they built more forts and
brought more weapons and their sicknesses. They traded with
the Indians, and fought with them, but always they claimed
more land. Soon the Intruders were a tide that couldn't be
stemmed. And as their strength grew, so did their arrogance.
They couldn't understand the Indian, so they tried to make
him like themselves. If that didn't work, they made war ~~
whatever it took to clear the land for more settlement."

tare of Wer, -Uare of lUeftar

"Wyrmbringers love to make war. The pure nations
warred as well, but for the most part they had honest reasons,
like defense and hunger. Because everyone was more or less
the same, taking more than you needed in war would only
tire you out, kill your warriors, so you couldn't defend against
someone else. The Wyrmbringers usually wrap their true
reasons in ideology, fighting and dying for false gods and
virtues written on pieces of paper. They claim to make war
on a people in order to help them, when really the
Wyrmbringers just want to help themselves.

"The Europeans even fought each other, backing up
claims for land they didn't live on anyway. The English and
French both made allies among the Indian nations, goading
them to fight rival Europeans and old enemies among the
nations. Some nations rebelled against their white allies.
Some remained neutral. These wars continued for nearly a
hundred years. By that point, the English Intruders who had
settled in the eastern end of Turtle Island began calling
themselves Americans and made war on their people across
the sea. Again, they drew in the nations, though this time
more sided with the distant enemy than the one that cut
down the forests and hunted Indians. But when the English
gave up, they forgot about their old allies, who now felt the
vengeance of the colonists. Fighting continued off and on,
but in the end it was always the Indians who gave ground,
either by musket or by treaty.

"Soon most of the east was under Intruder control, and
they moved west. The Intruders once again fought among
themselves, drawing their soldiers back east and giving the
Indians more room. As there were very few Indians in the
east anymore, the Intruders didn't bother trying to sway
them to either side, though some Indians fought regardless
— the Confederacy promised the return of lands to those
who fought, but since they lost, the Indians who helped
them were punished. When that war was decided, the
Intruders turned their eyes westward once more, and the
push began again. Iron rails and copper wires, the tools of
Grandfather Spider, snaked across valley and plain. Grass
was overturned and farmers planted crops in straight lines.
Forests disappeared; game disappeared. Many millions of
buffalo died for their hides, leaving to rot enough meat to

See seen ee mers en ewer seerene PEE Ss ee

On Savery

Evyes-of-Night, Uktena Half-Moon, teaches:

Owning other people wasn't invented by the
Wyrmbringers. Fact is, the nations of the Pure Lands had
slaves long before the Intruders came here. But the
Intruders institutionalized slavery as was never seen
before in these lands. From the beginning, the Spanish,
Dutch, English, French, Portuguese —— they all rounded
up the locals to work for them. But the Indians weren't
very cooperative; they revolted or escaped, and made
themselves more trouble than they were worth. So the
Wyrmbringers went to another source, Africa. To plan-
tations in the West Indies and all along the Atlantic
coast, slave ships carried my people in darkness and
squalor, and more than a few died from sickness or fear
before they ever set foot om land. Those that lived
labored to grow rice, tobacco, sugar cane, cotton, or
coffee — cash crops that needed many hands to grow and
harvest. They toiled for their master's benefit, and were
deemed only as useful as the work they could do. Near as
Ican figure it, my own blood kin were some of the last to
come over before the trade wasclosed. Noteven my spirit
guides know just where in Africa they called home.

Lots of folks thought it was wrong to own other
people, but money will always be a strong justification for
evil. When up north they started making machines todo
the work of hands, it got easier to look down upon slavery
and slave owners. In the south, where all money was
grown and not mined or built, you better believe they
justified themselves and their heinous acts. Some slaves
rose against their masters; they suffered for it. Some
escaped, looking for refuge in the anti-slave movement
in the north or, like my ancestor, hiding among the
Seminole in Florida. But running was risky, and beatings
were the least a runaway could expect if caught.

After the war and a couple of amendments, slavery
was declared illegal. But that didn't make life for four
million ex-slaves much easier. Being paid next to noth-
ing is still getting paid, so even if you couldn't make a
living, it technically wasn't slavery. Black folks, Mexi-
cans, Indiams, Chinese, they all gor used by the
Wyrmbringers. Though things ain't so bad as they were,
they're still getting used. I'm not bitter. Okay, I guess I
am. I wanttoknow the land where my grandfathers lived,
and the Wyrmbringers took that away from me. There's
a small part of my heart that will always hold that theft
against them. But I'm also part Pure Lander, and IJ have
the lore of those ancestors to give me strength. I know
who I am, and that is the most important thing of all.

feed the world. The Intruders were truly the servants of
Weaver and Wyrm, for they knew nothing of harmony with
the world or with other peoples. They spoke only lies and
wanted only to change the world to their own design.

CAapter One: Smoke Talk 21

I = ES ES CNT

4


"The Intruders tried everything they could to bring
down our Indian Kin. They tried open warfare. They used
treachery to capture and murder the -leaders.. The army
disarmed villages then allowed settlers to murder them all.
They took everything good to eat and poisoned what they
could ‘not take. They spent many lives and much gold to
ensure there were no more Indians living free with only the
Mother to provide for them. Many nations fought bravely,
but in the end, all were penned up."

As the litany of wrongs done to the Indians continued,
the elder called Sings-Back-the-Wind grew increasingly
agitated... He seermed on the verge of interrupting when
Cows-the-Gator switched his tack.

"But for all the Intruders did to the Indians and our
human Kin, for the wolves they showed not even that much
mercy. The Mother alone knows how many tens of thou-
sands of wolves the Intruders killed. When the Indian wars
were over, new settlers turned their attention to the wolf.
They shot, they chased and trapped the animals with hatred
going beyond even what they once felt for the Indian. Worst
of all atrocities; though, was the poisoning of carcasses in the
hopes of killing scavenging wolves. It worked, but it killed
everything else that contacted it, from .birds to dogs to
children — anything that ate meat. Protecting our four-
legged Kin became more difficult every year; we had to
watch themclosely so that they would not come too near the
settlements; or eat carcasses without inspection. It was a
difficult job; and it took valuable hunters from other tasks,
but we have managed to keep them close tous, what few are
left: Even now we must guard them, for while men still hunt

therm, others wish to study wolves. More than one caern has
come close to discovery by curious scientists."

She PUsaterlrvngort
~Broken-Ice looks thoughtful:

The tribes of the Pure Lands have always called the
newcomers Wyrmbringers, and that is true enough. But
the Wyrm was always here, just waiting for the right
moment to turn.a heart or sicken a spirit. W/e were always
watching for the Wyrm: But the Weaver was something
else. It was néver the threat to our lands that the Corrupter
was. That changed with the invasions. Our Kin built and
changed their world in small incrernents with stone and
fire, but the Europeans hated to live ina place that didn't
completely fit their idea of order. Forests where trees grew
thick, natives who didn't kneel to the white god ——~ these
things the invaders hated. So they cleared lands, even
pulling up tree roots. They made maps of the land, then
drew lines on the maps, and built walls and roads where the
lines ran. When rivers didn't go where they wished, they
dug new rivers, straight as arrows.

Later, they cut down trees, shaped them and re-
planted them, and hung wires from them so they could
talk to their people beyond the horizon. They built
their iron roads, making bridges or blasting holes in
mountains. The reshaping of the world continues to
this day. The Wyrm could find no purchase without the
Weaver to prepare for its coming.-And this wouldn't
have happened if the Europeans hadn't brought the
Weaver across the sea.


The kit Lfase

"Now I will tell you about one of the great debates of our
people... The tribe was-in jeopardy. Many of our human
Kinfolk «were dead from warfare and disease... Most of our
eastern four-legged Kin had been killed by the W/yrmbringers
or taken as spoils by the Wyrmcomers. Our desperation grew,
for the powers of Grandfather Serpent and the strength of the
Wyrmcomers grew daily, while our own numbers dwindled.

"In the scrub and swamplands of Florida, bands of
Creeks, Yuchis and Yamassees moved south and joined with
the remnant bands that survived Spanish occupation. In
time they were called Seminole, a corruption of the Spanish
word for "wild" or "runaway." For among their number they
harbored escaped slaves from the plantations to the north.
The Uktena in these lands were intrigued, for some.cum
aways recalled tales of their dista
their charms and their encounte
few of .these we- fo
curious mature we p
made a shocking x

Many were outraged, but facing a lac
wished to open their Tribe to Kin fro
a Great Council was held to discuss the
include non-American Indians as Kinfel!
forward now, but I'm hard-pressed to think of
issue in that time. The Floridian Uktena favored inglusion,
while many of the western elders were opposed to mixing our
blood. Others argued that between attrition by disease and
the removals that were already happéning in the north, there
would be'no natives left tomate with éast of the Great River.
Within septs and even'packs there were divisions between
what we today would call "traditionalists" and "progressives."
The Council raged for weeks before it broke up and everyone
went back to their own lands.

"After thinking about itover the winter the Uktena
gathered again. More now thought as the progressives, but
mary were stillagainst the idea. Two of the most influential
Uktena at the council were a Gibbous-Moon traditionalist
called Yellow Fur, and a Half-Moon progressive named
Spearcatcher. Knowing Yellow Fur's rousing words were
keeping his camp together, Spearcatcher challenged Yellow
Fur. Yellow Fur did not wish to fight at first, so he demanded
that Great Uktena should send them.a signe They built a
sacred fire, and followed its smoke into the spirit world, and
watched to see which way the smoke would go. But then
they argued about the significance of the direction, because
the seers read different meanings in way the smoke traveled,
so that nothing could be decided.

"In frustration, Yellow Fur cried out for combat, and
soon the two were citcling each other. The Songkeeper had
seen more battles than the Half-Moon; but his Rage burned

hotter. Spearcatcher madeé no telling blows, but danced just
beyond Yellow Fur's claws while taunting his opponent.
Finally, the four-legs fell-into -fury and-leaped upon
Spearcatcher, rending him almost to death. But for frenzy-
ing he had lost the challenge, and was cast from the debate:
"Without the good words of Yellow Fur, the tradition-
alists lost ground. They settled for a compromise. We would
not accept as Kin the Europeans who killed our people with
gun and cross and sickness. But we would share the strength
of our blood with those whose lifeand lands the W yrmbringers
also savaged. At the time, this was primarily the people
brought in chains frorn across the sea, the Africans.
"Younger Brother did not "care for this "at all. The

Wendigo said that cleaving to the outsiders was one miore

towards our subjugation by the Wyrm. Our decision
between the people of the Pure Lands that has
this day: But for all their bitrerness,
ed - Uktena, it was the right

ig, it was easy to find suitable
e took in had strong,
their own tribal lore

in hailing from the deserts of the Middle
ppes where our first ancestors roamed.

"The Intruders didn't like to see any Indian. They
wanted our Kin out of sight, over the next ridge, across the
next civer. Then they would .be -satisfied until more
Wryrmcomers came and wanted new land. I suppose killing
every last one of the native peoples would have been too
difficult or too distasteful to them, so instead they signed
treaties with members of the tribes and "bought" the land.
Our people did not truly understand how one could buy
land. The Intruders did not understand how a nation could
claim territory without individual ownership. The Intruders
made aseéries of "final" treaties, which they broke as soon as
enough new Intruders arrived. Often the treaties were made
in threat, sometimes by bribing individuals who didn't truly
speak for-their nation. But once signed,.the Europeans
enforced them until they were ready to break them. Eventu-
ally, the greedy Intruders decided that the best thing to do
would be to move-all the Indians westward.

"The Five Civilizéd Tribes-— Seminole, Creek, Choctaw,
Chickasaw and especially the Cherokee —~ had made efforts
to integrate their tribal ways with those of the Intruders,
farming plantations, educating themselves and even (in the
case of the Cherokee) creating an alphabet for their newspa-
pers and legal documents. But though the Intruders claimed
to want to "civilize" the natives, they really just wanted them

Chapter One: Smoke Talk 23

— I ES OY A Le

|

t

gone and the land clearéd for white setrlement, timbering,
and mining. So by force or by cunning the lands were taken,
one by one. The Cherokee used the Intruder's laws against
them, but though the high court declared in their favor, we
know paper means nothing against the sword.

The Seminole defended themselves the only way that

mattered to the Intruders —— by spilling the blood of those
who would remove them from their lands. In the end, the
nations were driven from their ancestral homes and forced
to march.to- the -grasslands of the west:.Many died from
malnutrition, exposure and disease..Their bodies lay in
unmarked graves beside the road — when they were allowed
burial at all. More died at their new "home". The rest were

forced more and more to rely on the government for rotten

meat where once they provided for themselves.

"Some few of our closé Kin we hid near our caerns until

the danger was past. Some Uktena followed their Kin west-
ward, still protecting them, though they were yet inthe
territory our tribe claimed.-Eventually,.the Intruders de-
manded part of this already cramped space: They carved up
the reservations, giving each Indian a small part, which he
could then sell. Many did, still not understanding how one
could own land and bar others from so much as walking on it.

"In time,.most tribes were corralled on-reservations.

Some, like the Navajo,.were lucky enough to have their
homeland called a reservation, but many others were forced
from the land where their ancestors dwelt, where their
strength lay. And even reservation land was only inviolate
if the Intruders had no other use for it."

Cree of fle PUyriacotiert

"The many tribes of Wyrmcomers streamed in to find

land to take.. Many said they were coming to defend Turtle
Island from Grandfather Serpent, but they could not protect
their own land from him! No, they were hungry for new
territory, less crowded, less tainted. We were in the way. We

had our own ways and customs created over thousands of

years, and they had theirs. When they came they expected
us to follow their ways! Orhers called us weak and demanded
we give up our caerns to the stronger tribes! I will grant, as
many will not, that many of the foreign Wolf-People added
their numbers'to our defenders when we would let them,
rather than claim our holy places outright. Often, though,
we refused, and they grew angry and demanded the caerns.
In truth, we weren't as strong as we once were... We were
spread too thin, keeping alive our old caerns as well as those
we inherited from Middle Brother. It had been enough, until
the invaders brought more evil to our shores.

"Holding on to what was ours grew harder year by year:

©ur Kin were killed in warfare or by disease; and fighting the
growing number of mockeries and evil spirits took its toll. We
had no choice but to share caerns, though too often sharing
wasn't what the Wyrmcomers had in mind. Other caerns we
sealed and hid, frustrating the Intruder Garou. But the great-
est reason we fought our own kind to keep the caerns was the
great Banes that shimbered in the ground. We were sure no

24

Ukfena

LE LT LY LL

feed Frontier, Filler Skirt

Calls-the-Spirit-Back speaks:

We have always tried to teach our Kin how to livéein
harmony with the Mother. Sometimes, when a Kinfolk's
spirit burns bright as flame, we tell therm more so that he
can become a prophet for his people. One such man was
Tavibo of the Numu, or Northern Paiute. He could cure
the illnésses the Intruders loosed upon the peoples, and
spirits showed him visions. He found one'of our sacred
places and asked our Spirit Talkers to explain a-vision he
had, avision of war beyond all reckoning, and the desecra-
tion of the Mother. The Crescent Moons all agreed that
it was a vision of the Apocalypse. What was interesting
was that Tavibo saw that after the destruction came a
rénewed world, where land was lush and game was plen-
tiful. The Ukteria taught him a dancing rite to bring to his
people... Tavibo soon joined with another holy man,
Wodziwob,-who gained a following armong many sur-
rounding tribes. His teachings founded what the Europe-
ans called the Ghost Dance, because after the destruction
ofall things all the people would come back from the dead.
Eventually, the followers grew restless. When the prom-
ised apocalypse did not come, they left him.

Tavibo's son, Wovoka, who also had a burnirig spirit;
listened to his father's teachings. When the moon ate the
sun, he too had a vision. He said the Great Spirit told him
to tell all the peoples to lay down their weapons and live in
peace with each other and with the Intruders. They should
also forsake the white's evil habits —~ lying, drinking —
then they would rejoin their loved ones in a-place where
death could not follow. Wovoka did as the vision told him,
and soon people came from 30 nations to learn:about this
new Ghost Dance. Some among the Uktena and even the
Wendigo came to hear what-he had to say. Unfortunately,
the stories the people brought back to their nations were
often different from what the prophet himself spoke. They
said that Wovoka would drive away the Intruders and bring
back the buffalo. They told of the destruction and rebirthof
the world where all the dead would live again and the whites
would no longer trouble the pure lands. These stories were
especially popular among the Wendigo, who fell over one
another trying to find the spirits who gave such foresight.

But whatever the truth of the visions, the Intruder
feared they meant renewed uprisings. So they brutally
suppressed the danices, the prayers, or any sign of the Dance.
But even the Massacre at W/ounded Knee could notstop the
belief entirely, chough many lost heart. W/ovoka continued
quietly speaking to believers until his death; but the Ghost
Dance Movement did not rise again. The fighting spirit of
the peoples was leashed, and most lost hope.. The buffalo
were gone, the medicine was gone, and lines drawn ona
map caged all the nations. The government declared there
was no more frontier, for there was no place the Intruders
did not live. The Indian Wars had ended in defeat.


Wyrmcomer would know the rituals to keep the evil bound,
and most wouldn't care —~— like Younger Brother, they be-
lieved Banies were to be destroyed, not bound.

"But with Intruder encroachment, evil spirits and aggres-
sive werewolves challenging us at every turn; we still had
another threat to face, anold threat the W yrmcomers brought.
Called the Black Spiral Dancers, they are a tribe of Wolf-
People who have utterly forsaken the Mother..Once they
were a fierce tribe who decided to take the fight to Grandfa-
ther Serpent's very den. They sacrificed themselves for glory's
sake, not for honor as did Middle Brother. I believe the Black
Spiral Dancers are what the Wendigo might have become if
asked to make such a sacrifice," he mused.

Breath -hissed ‘through clenched teeth, and
rose. Tide-Borne raised his hand-to silence thei
"You would be well ;
this hall," he rumble j
say it even here. I understand what y:
you are young arid you've never e
have spoken with a few at len

The elder paused a mo

undo them: But there is ho:
Brother, more than in many
too much bloodlust and dark
becoming the Spirals, and little of
Seeing all were suitably mollified, and:t
equally chastened, Tide-Borne nodded f

"The Black Spirals are vicious and.
also cunning. A few actually treated
early on. They sympathized with

they show us. Nevertheless, some pl.
about what they believed, what th
wanted. We spoke little about even less, and listened much.
Never, ever would We let the W/yrmspawn near our caerns.

We destroyed the Wyrmridden fools in dué time,.but
now we knew more about the Wyrm's chosen than those
who had fought them for over a thousand years! Of course,
whenever we told any of what we knew to the others (almost
always out of necessity for the situation, but sometimes in
exchanges of information), their suspicion of us deepened.
Not that we trusted them.-Even if we overlooked the fact
that the Wyrmcomers-had tried to take our caerns, we
couldn't overlook that they needed only the slimmest of
reasons to justify trying again."

Wfid SPOP 1 Cafe

Se ee ees an ee see Ee Ss ee

the Wyrmcomers awoke sleeping Banes with their stum-
bling around. Sometimes, they did destroy the monsters, but
at the cost of several packs. If they were lucky, an Uktena
who knew the proper ritual could be found to sing the evil
to sleep or ‘wrap it tightly in a cocoon of power. More often,
the beast escaped into the Umbra, and we would eventually
have to hunt it down ‘ourselves. The-other tribes -acrually
blamed us for leaving these "traps" for them to find! It is a
hard thing to be vilified by those whom you protect, and
protect those who seek to harm' you! We expect such
treatment from Younger Brother, for it is the way of broth-
ers. Now it seeris we are Older Brother for all rhe Garou.
"But as l was saying, the great Banes would stir now and
i wakened by activities on the surface or the neglect
E me in particular — I would not say its name
e more than what it was. Its
he -caerns powering its wards
» Bane awakened when .a
ting place. One day, it
pirit of Grandfather
ting, each trying to
mi, they merged ina
order acquired ‘a
. And this abomina-
ttookanew purpose:
1er Smoke. Some think
Ost so long ago, others said
id not have. It raged through the spirit
verything touched by the Wyld.-With
msumed,- it grew more powerful, and as it
e spirit world it shed strange mixtures of
pirit, some of which possessed. anyone
co. be nearby.
f effort to find a rite of binding for
But it took even more effort to
the Wyrmcomers to trust each other
rer. If it was hard for us, it was nearly

impossible for Younger Brother. Our greatest héro of thar

time,-a Songkeeper called Silent-Storm, reminded the
Wendigo council of Middle Brother's honorable sacrifice;
surely, the Croatan would not shirk their duties because of
mistrust? He spoke with conviction and passion and knew
how to melt their frozen hearts. In the end one of their own
heroes stepped up to take his place at the rite, while a fine
pack of Wendigo died to draw the Storm Eater to the site
where it was bound. And Silent-Storm and the other twelve
heroes died to bind the beast again.

"But we must rernember that this Weaver-Bane was
only one of many Banes that are imprisoned. We cannot
forget the many Uktena who have died before and since to
bring down the great evils, and all those whose vigilance
keeps us safe. The orher tribes may distrust us, may slander

"Still, we lost ground, just as all the Mother's warriors us, but it is because they don't know ——.and should never
still do.-But the other tribes soon learned why we can't be know -——- what horrors we keep locked away."
thrown aside so lightly. As they had when the Aztecs fell,
CAapter One: Smoke Talk 25

— ONS

|


Sevord Cor Stoves

"Aslsaid, 6nce we began taking Kinfolk born beyond our
shores, we heard their tales of distant homelands. So we began
visiting these lands to learn. more.-In some, we were wel-
comed, but in most we were not, for the Wyrmcomers that
came before us left the local Changers with a poor impression
of Wolf-People. The Cat-People of Africa, the strange folk of
the Far East, all were distrustful and proud. But even when
they meant to tell us nothing, we could learn much. We also
found Kinfolk in these places — just a few here and there —~
but they taught us much of their own cultures.

For example, we learned that the Ainu, the dwindling
natives of northern Japan,..revered the bear as a teacher,
provider and intermediary to the spirit world. Looking deeper
into distorted legends and rituals held in the fading memories
of the elders,-we gairied insights into the ways of the long-
extinct band of Bear-People that guided the ancestors of the
Ajinu in prehistoric times. We discovered people in the high-
lands of Southeast Asia who felt the touch of their ancestor's
spirits more surely than most, and those who saw the spirit
world most clearly shared their ways, and their blood, with us.
These and others we met, and they give us their own strength
in the war we fight against Grandfather Serpent."

Ltdtt of fle LArcaaerst

"Word reached us, some time before the time of the
Wyrtmbringer's War Between the States, that a new tribe
had been discovered by Wyrmcomers following their Kin to
uncharted parts of the world. The first report was actually

relayed by an Uktena who overheard a Silver Fang com-
plaining that their plans for a new protectorate was blocked
by an unknown native tribe. A Great Council was held to
decide what should be done; and a pack was formed to meet
this tribe that caused the Wyrmcomers such trouble. Un-
known to them,-a.Theurge called Sings-With-The-Moon
was already on his way from the moment he heard of the
Bunyip; he couldn't wait to learn who they were.

"What he found were Garou, as the Wyrmcomers call
us all, but nothing like Sings had ever seen: For one thing,
their four-foot Kin were not wolves at all, but strange striped
beasts that carried their young in pouches! Their dances,
their dealings with spirits, their traditions, were just similar
enough to be recognizable to the Uktena. The land they still
held against the invaders was as pure as Our own land had
once been —— maybe more so, And what fired Sings' mind
most of all was their totem: a giant water snake calléd the
Rainbow Serpent.Could this be an aspect of Great Uktena?
Could this alien tribe be lost brothers to the Pure Ones?

You can imagine Sings-W ith-The-Moon's excitement
and driving curiosity. He treated the strange tribe members
with respect, and although their customs were different they
recognized that this Garou was different from. the Europe-
ans. Still, they probably saw the thousand questions that
burned behind his eyes, his greed for knowledge. While they
treated him -politely,..they did not reveal their secrets,
holding him gently at arms' length.

"When the Wyrmbringers sriiffed around their sacred
spots, the Bunyip sent them away with strarige but short-


lived madness; but when Sings did so he was simply asked to
leave. The Bunyip remained polite but aloof when more of
our tribe arrived, as well. It is a pity, for united we might have
made.a difference in the War of Tears.

"It seemed most of the Wyrmbringer tribes had some
grievance against the Bunyip. The Silver Fangs wanted to be
acknowledged as rulers, no matter how worthless the land
was to -them.. They couldn't.do this with a hostile tribe
holding the terri nted terri
but they wet.

s usual, were
Black Furies
gotten their

mie you don't
Black Spiral

though we were not their hunters, still we were
The tribe died beneath claw and klaive, and the
Great M ‘Her wept while the Black Spirals howled in joy
even as they built*their hives in the new land.

"Wedid as we had when Middle Brother died; we toék
our place at the empty caerns. But it was different, for the
native spirits showed us-only anger. It took many, many
years to gain the trust of even a few. Now we have taken the
native peoples of Australia-as Kinfolk,-and we have added
their knowledge to our own.

"But make no mistaké. Australia is cursed for our kind.
The ghosts of the lost tribe still haunt the spirit world, the
native spirits refuse to share their Gifts, and the land itself
has not forgotten the slaughter of its defenders. It is a land
of pain for us."

or Lays Crow Sh0rr

"The last century has seer despair and hope, but always we
have been active. The rest of the world fought great wars-in
which our Kin were more involved than we. However,evenin
Europe we had tasks. For instance, the Nazis were searching for
ancient books and objects of occult power, grasping forany edge
they could find. We likewise searched. When we found some-
thing of genuine power, we would sometimes fashion a replica
for them to find. Granted, we sometimes needed the support of
the European tribes, but it was only right considering it was their
pelts we were trying to save:

"Take our Indian Kinfolk. For ovér'a centuty, they've
been penned or spread out among the cities of the Intruders,
away from the land where their blood lived. Their old ways,
their culture and languages were forgotten ‘as the Intruders
tried to "assimilate" the Indian. Yet now a strange thing has
happened. Pride has begun to return both the Indian's dignity
and the Intruders' respect for the people they tried to destroy.
White folks proudly claim native blood in their veins, blood

sre sc es an ec a as as

their preat-great-grandfathers spilled. Indian art and music,
legends and worldview attract increasing numbers of Intrud-
ers. Just as importantly, more Indians are rediscovering the
wisdom of the old ways, of harmony with the earth. Many lost
Kinfolk have been found in this way. And while our wolf Kin
are still scarce, they are very slowly increasing. ‘Though in
many places they are still shot on sight, they are freer to run
thanthey once were. We muststill watch them closely, forthe
thinning of our wolf blood upsets the balance within us."

"That sounds easy enough," said Three-Dart wryly: "To
think we were worried about our extinction two hundred
years ago."

Cows-the-Gator took the hint.."Past struggles seem
easier to those who did not live in those times, Three-Dart-
rhya. But our Kin did suffer and fight to better their lot. They
fought, sometimes with weapons, more often with words.
The Intruders did their best to take away the culture of the
First Peoples. Likewise with our adopted Kin. The descen-
dants of slaves, who long ago lost all ties to their ancestral
cultures, had no voice and no power in the Wyrmbringers'
world. Likewise, the prospects of more recent immigrants
have ever been uncertain; from the south and from the east
the laws and the Intruders turn against them at the least
provocation..For many it took decades of struggle to be
recognized, and the struggle continues. Some among the
Wyrmbringers fought, and fight, for the people of our Kin.
We recognize the justice of it, but we also are wary of the
open hand of the outsider, forwe know that good acts are not
always backed by good intentions:

"Long ago, we watched over our Kin at a distance: Now,
we don't have that luxury. With humans everywhere, with
the Spider and the Serpent so close,.we need our Kin at our
sides —— and they need us more than ever, for our enemies are
numerous and hunt those of our blood. Where before we cared
little for human conflicts, now we aid our allies as best we can.
We guard the marchers, feed information to the activists,
protect the leaders among them. Sometimes it is enough."

"Tsay there is hope. There will always be hope, so long
as one of us draws breath..Butthe Mother is threatened more
than ever in our land. The cities spread like cancer, reaching
out for each other... The air is fouled, as is the water. The
Intruders no longer hear the earth breathe, no longer feel
the soil beneath their feet, no longer see the rhythm of life
in harmony. It sickens their souls as the chemicals they
consume sicken their bodies. Our brave warriors have more
enemies than ever and many of those enemies can't be hurt
by claw or arrow. Those who fight for the Mother bicker
amongst themselves while She cries-in pain. But we hear
Her cries better than anyone else. Only we listen to Her.
Death approaches, but the People of Ukténa do not flinch.
Here we are resolved to defend the Mother, whether alone
as did Middle Brother, or with all the Garou at our side.
Either way, we shall protect Her, with courage in our hearts,
skill im our hands,.and wisdom sin our minds. This is our
legacy..This is our destiny..That is my story."

*°¢ 8

Chapter One: Smoke Talk 27

a ae CT

i)

| amnion

Tha Xia ofle Pewrroad

Nose-to-the-Wind, Uktena No-Moon, porders:

It's adilermma; isn't it? l mean, we want our Kinfolk
to have the best, right? Happy, prosperous, connected
~~ the American Dream. How do they get there? By
buying into the system, the system that oppressed their
ancestors, the system that stripped them of their culture
in the first place. The Indians who were whipped if they
spoke their native language, the Africans who were half
a-world from the birthplace of their forebears,. the
Aztecs who learned their rosaries at the point of a
sword....all lost much or all of their cultures. Those we
counted as Kinfolk.managed to rétain their people's
lore, or at least fragments of it, -even if it was hidden
under a veneer of their conqueror's civilization.

These days it's hip to be an American Indian, and
a VO6doo practitioner has a-cool mystique, but they're
still on the margin of mainstream society.. You won't
find hogans in the'suburbs, and practicing ritual blood
sacrifice will get the police, ASPCA and probably some
fundamentalists on your case. When exposed to pop
music and console games, kids will find the old stories
as irrelevant as the elders who tell them. The middle-
class lifestyle beckons the nations away frorn the life of
balance in Gaia..By accepting the lure of material
wealth and comfort,.they join the mainstream culture
that bleeds the Mother dry and fouls the earth: And in
the process, they forget the wisdom unique to the old
nations, knowledge that can only thrive in deserts or
forests beyond the Weaver's reach —~ the lore that drew
the Uktena's interest in the first place. The system tried
to assimilate them by force, and now our Kin want to
finish the job. So what do we do? Encourage our Kinfolk
to join the First World and hope they can vote green,
recycle, run environmental action. websites ——~ and
believe in their grandmother's wisdom? Ordo we keep
them close to the earth,.om a harder edge of survival,
living as their fathers taught them and hoping Civiliza-
tion doesn't trample them?

Do we have a choice anymore?

The hearing finished, Cows-the-Gator, Erishka and
Jolon were sent from the hut. The latter two huddled close
to the fire in hopes of discouraging the cloud of mosquitoes
that hovered all around. Cows had too much nervous energy
to remain still —— or to stay quiet.

"Tide-Borne said if I passed the challenge he'd let mego
with him to the next Great Council," he said to the two with

pride. The measured speaking voice had falleri away, re-
placedby the everyday sounds that were more familiar to the
Half-Moon's ears. "Vil hear the arguments, all that the septs
are doing and talking about. lwon't have to wait for word to
come back to the sept." He looked down almost pityingly at
Erishka. His empathy lasted only a glance, and he was once
again caught up in expectation. "And there's so much going
on tight now. Like finding out if there really is a perfect
metis,-and what it would mean for us."

"You mean a metis with no deformities? How can that
be?" asked Erishka.

"That's what they're talking about. Also, what is the
W/yrm's Eye? Yeah, the red star that shines in the Umbranow.
The Uktena have sent packs into the Aetherial Realm to find
out what it is, and all the gray-furred elders are wracking their
brains for any old prophesy that refers to the star." At this, he
paused arid glanced towards the hut. Cows picked up the last
unburned log, crouched between the other two and lay the
wood on the fire. Remaining where he was, he spoke low into
Erishka's ear. "This is betweeri us. You owe me a secret, got it?"
The girl nodded, and he continued. "After the last Great
Council, loverheard Tide-Borne and the other elders talking.
Seems there were some Bane Tenders there. You know how
they get everybody's attention just by showing up. Well, they
said that since the Red Srar showed up, they've all felt the
Great Banes stirring, and they've been working harder tokeep
the bindings from slipping.

‘The thing is, you still have all those Banés under the caerns
the Wyrmcomers stole. We can't very well walk up to those
septs and say, ‘Hi, thought you should know; but there's an
unkillabie Bane under your caern and he's waking up." He
grinned smugly at Erishka's ‘expression. "That's right. Hell's
gonna break loose soon. So this next meeting, they're talking
about establishing some ties with the other septs, trying to get
our folks where they can sniff around the lost caerns. Maybe we

_ can teach them to trust us real quick, ‘cause I guaran-damn-tee

you every one of those septs will bite the dust if they don't let
us help. And if they all go, we're screwed." He rose and resumed
his pacing, one eye on the hut. "That'll give you something to
chew on. But don't tell anyone," he-added nervously. ~

Erishka's Notebook

"Don't tell anybody," hé said. Like who? It's obvious he
didn't want the Kinfolk to hear, and I suppose I understand that.
I guess he'd get in trouble if he told that one..Unless he's pulling
my leg.Do these guys do that? He seemed pretty serious. And
pretty full of himself, especially since the elders made him a
Fostern. If it's true, we do have some secrets, big secrets. And
maybe its time we found somebody who needs to hear them.

28 Ukfena

OLE Le A, LT YY ty a


SS

Vole

Below are just a few selected dates that are relevant to Uktena history. For more detail, dig through the sources
listed at the end of Chapter Three:

¢ 40,000 —— 10,500 BCE

c. 1500 BCE
: 300 BCE —~200 AD

0

ec. 100 BCE —— 1300 AD
¢. 300-900
ce 500

ec. 700-1550
ec. 1000-1015
e.1300

1492

1497
1512
1513

1519-21

1521
1534
1539-43
in 1541.
1540-42
1578-79
1584-87
1589

© 1600
1619
1621
1626 : .

1641

1659
1689-1763
1755
1776

1808
1809-11

1809-21
1819

Hunter-gatherer peoples cross from Asia into North America: The Three Brothers cross
over at the latter part of this range.

Dog domesticated in North America:

Adena mound-building culture in Ohio Valley. Culture collapses when Croatan attack
Wyrm-Tainted and non-Tainted alike.

Hisatsinom (Anasazi) culture in Southeast.

Mesoamerica's classic period.

Bow largely replaces atlatl in North America.

Mississippian (temple mound building) culture.

Vikings visit and later establish settlements in North America.

Enemy Heart Eatérs are brought down by fellow Uktena:

Christopher Colurnbus lands in San Salwador. Thinking he is in India, -he calls the
natives Indians. On a subsequent voyage two years later, he captures 500 Indians to be
slaves in Spain.

The Cabots of England explore northern Atlantic coast, kidnap Indians.

Colony of New Spain founded; landowners given the right to enslave local Indians.
Vasco Balboa crosses Central America: Ponce de Leén in Florida (dies from wounds
in 1521).

Spanish conquest of Mesoamerica. Hernan Cortés conquers Aztécs: Shadow Lords meet
with,. then attack local Uktena.

Shadow Lords slay the last Camazotz, whose cry echoes throughout the Umbra.

Frénch explorer Jacques Cartier explores along St. Lawrence River. Fur trade begins.
Hernando de Soto claims Florida, expedition explores up to Mississippi River. He dies

Francisco de Coronado explores the Southwest. Horses introduced to North America.
Francis Drake explores California coast.

Sir Walter Raleigh organizes an expedition and two colonizing voyages to the Outer Banks:
The Croatan sacrifice themselves to drive the Eater-of-Souls into the outer darkness.
Sheep introduced to North America by Spanish:

First shipload of African slaves arrives in British colony of Virginia.

First formal treaty between Indians and Europeans. Pilgrims celebrate first Thanksgiving.
A band of the Lenni Lenape sells Manhattan Island (which isheld by a different band)
to the Dutch for 60 guilders worth of goods.

The "Body of Liberties" for the colony of Massachusetts recognizes and regulates the
practice of keeping Indians as slaves.

First documented use of horses by Indians (a Navajo raid):

A seties of four wars between France and England and their respective Indian allies.
British offer 40 pounds for the scalps of enemy Indians.

Declaration of Independence cites the use of Indian allies against the colonies as the
last in a long list of indictments against King George III.

Congress bans the importation of slaves.

Shawnee Chief Tecumseh attempts to unite tribes east of the Mississippi against the
United States.. Tecumseh later dies aiding British in 1813.

Sequoyah invents Tsalagi alphabet to match the Cherokee language.

Great Council opens Kinship tonon-Europeans.

Chapter One: Smoke Talk 29

— EE —— ES ED LT


1863

1864
1865

1869
1871
1880.
1877-86
1880's

1887
1889

1890

ec. 1910
1909
1914-18
1918
1920s
1930s

c. 1935-40
1939-45
1960s
1964

1965

1968
1981

1990

30

/ a ini LL IT

Bureau of Indian Affairs created.

Indian Removal Act passed; Five Civilized Tribes relocated west of the Mississippi.
Storm Eater released.

First Uktena arrive in Australia.

Chinese immigrants begin arriving in California. More than 5,000 Hawavians died
from smallpox. First packs arrive and establish a sept in Hawai'i.

Federal Indian policy reclassifies Indian nations as "wards of the government."

The Emancipation Proclamation declares the freedom of all slaves in the rebelling
states, but not those in the slaveholding states, which remained loyal to the Union.
More than 300 Indians killed in Colorado's Sand Creek Massacre.

13th Amendment to the Constitution frees all slaves in the United States (some four
million), but did little to change conditions for minorities in the United States. Pro-
immigrant politicians begin to replace earlier anti-immigrant policies.

First transcontinental railroad.

Wholesale slaughter of buffalo by Intruders commences; southérn herd all but gone by
Western Indians forbidden to leave reservations without permission.

Apache resistance under Victorio and later Geronimo.

"Friends of the Indians" groups'encourage bringing native peoples into mainstréam
American life.

Dawes Act divides Indian land into private tracts, with "surplus" land sold.
Oklahoma land rush. A solar eclipse on January 1 inspires the Paiute prophet Wovoka
to found the second Ghost Dance Movement.

Thirteen legendary werewolves, one from each of the tribes present in North America,
sacrifice themselves in a mighty rite to bind the Storm-Eater. The goverriment suppresses
the Ghost Dance. More than 150 Indians are killed in the W/ounded Knee Massacre.
The Indian Wars are over. Federal Census Bureau declares the frontier closed.
Lowest Indian Population inthe United States (< 250,000).

President Roosevelt transfers 2.5 million acres of reservation land to national forests:
World War 1. Many Indians enlist. Choctaw use native language as code.

Native American Church incorporated.

Suspicion of foreigners during WW'! leads to a series of laws limiting immigration.
Wear of Tears results in the annihilation of the Bunyip. The Great Depression results in few
immigrants to the United States, and hundreds of thousands of recent immigrants
return (willingly or forcibly) to their native lands. ©

Navajo alphabet invented.

World War Il. Tens of thousands of Indians énlist.:Several tribes use native language —

as a code.

Social unrest marks the decade with protests, riots; and racially-motivated murders.
The strongest Civil Rights Act in U.S. history is passed.

New immigration laws no longer favor Western European immigration, resulting ina
surge in Asian immigration (particularly of refugees).

American Indian Civil Rights Act: American Indian Movement folinded.

U.S. government begins a series of cutbacks resulting in nearly 40 percent loss of funds
for Indian social programs.

Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act requires federally funded
museums and federal agencies to return sacred objects and human remains to the
nations to which they belong. Native American Language Act officially reverses the
government's policy of suppressing American Indian culture and language.

Ukfena


1994 Amendment of the 1978 American Indian Religious Freedom Act protects the use of
peyote for religious purposes.

1999 The Red Star appears in the Umbral skies; 4 cub is born of two metis parents.

2002 Call goes out for preat council of Ukrena to meet to discuss portents such as the Red Star and

the tribe's response to omens of disaster.

Chapter One: Smoke Talk ~ . ~ <3 1


He was merely the sound of something ponderous,

swimming in a dark river.
He was a shattered tree;

A dislodged boulder thundering down Gahut,
The scream of a dying animal on a distant mountain.

But no-one saw him

fors:. to'see him was to die.

(Gary Carden, The Ukteria

Zoe LUora

Erishka stretched as she settled into another well-worn
seat. She'd dreamied of the mountains before, though she'd
never seen them in person. Vaguely, she recalled that the
Appalachians were some of the oldest hills inthe world. The
girl felt an odd thrumming in-her heart,.an eagerness to see
the ancient mountains and meet the people who lived there.

Erishka's Notebook

More buses! The smell of diesel exhaust and Lysol fumes is
starting to geton my nerves.Today we headed north, towards the
Great Smoky Mountains. I'd never seen hills like these, or atleast
I didn't think I had. But when my feet touched the soil, memories
came -of smelling fir trees-and hearing the sounds of water
trickling, almost frozen, over old stones. These mountains are
ancient, worn to nubs compared to what they were.-The people
we're going to meet are Cherokee: I've met a few from time to
time, but not since the Change. It will be different seeing them
with werewolf eyes:

The pair -hadn't expected anyone to bé waiting, and
they'd been ready to walk the few miles' to the sept.. The hot
surimer hadn't penetrated the mountains, and a breeze blew
up to greet them. Still, when the station emptied, a woman
remained. She noticed Erishka and came straight over.

"You-must be the guests I-was told to expect," said the
woman, in a-soft voice.

"Expect?" asked Erishka, confiised. ‘Uh, well, I guess.
We're here to see a guy named Charlie Hicks."

"l- know," the woman replied.-"'m. Mary. I knéw to
come meet you." Erishka gave her a good once over. She
couldn't have beén more than 20 or so, tall and slender,
wearing a gauzy peasant skirt in bright jewel stripes witha
matching blouse. Erishka couldn't be sure,-but she thought
she saw a ribbon-like tattoo spiral up Mary's left leg, azure
scales outlined in black.."I've got a-car out front. If you're
coming." Erishka nmodded,-and Jolon, who-hadn't-said a

Chapter Two: Feathered Dances, Hidden Hearts 33

ea SS NT

word, switched his pack to the other shoulder and followed
their hostess out to her tiny Escort.
"So you must be a homid," said Erishka, by way of
making conversation. "Can't imagine a lupus driving a car."
Mary seemed to pause a moment, then replied, "Well, I

‘know a few who can. But no; I'm not homid, or lupus. Both my

parents were Garou. And I couldn't smell you ifyou'd wallowed
in Wyrm shit for a few days." Erishka felt her face flush, and stole
a glance at Jolon, but he seemed distracted by the view. The
drive took Erishka's breath away. She had no idea the forest
could be so beautiful, and now, her senses sharper than ever, she
breathed it in joyfully from her perch in the back seat, window
rolled down..Mary respected the moment and didn't say
anything until they turned off on a twisty road.

*"Wish-I could do that," she sighed, wistfully. "That's
one thing I-do miss, but I guess there are worse curses."

"Uktena has another purpose for you, obviously," mur-
mured Jolon.-Mary's shoulders tightened, and for a brief
instant, Erishka saw another piece of the tattoo, shaking
over the woman's right shoulder, peeking out from under
the loose blouse.. Then it was gone.

The drive was ‘a long one, but finally they topped a hill
and dipped into a valley, covered in fog despite the sunny
day. Pulling up to a log ranch house, Erishka saw a small
group waiting: a good-looking man "of medium. build,.a
woman with a smile of welcome and a small charcoal gray
wolf. She gathered her courage before getting out of the car

"and dipping her head in a respectful nod.

"Hello... Pm Erishka,; Half Moon."
The handsome man offered her a slight inclination of
the head. "Welcome, young Half Moon, and to you as well:
He gave a'small bow to Jolon, a courtesy not usually offered
to Kinfolk. "This is the Sept of the Glass Hand,-and the
packs of Valley Smoke and Red Creek give you leave™t

enter.1 am Truth-of-Morning, called Charlie by my Kin-of "

the People. This is Nancy Holds-Back-the-Shadow, a Cresz
cent Moon, and Wind-in-the-Spruce, our Songkeepér.
They all went into the house where cold tea and, fresh, &e
bread waited.

"If you'll excuse us, Erishka, I kriow our other guest va.

néws to share with Mary and me: Nancy and Wind-in- the- |

Spruce will stay." They left as Nancy began filling glasses
and laying out bread.

"here are you from?" asked the Crescent Moon, after
she took a long swig of tea' She pushed her short black hair
behind her ears, sitting down a bit stiffly in the closest chair.

"Oh,-down near the Gulf Coast," "Erishka replied,
looking around the big open living area. Cherokee baskets
and rugs tastefully decorated the place,.but-it was -still
decidedly bare of furnishings. "Nice place you got here."

"Thanks," stniled Nancy. "It's home to us, off and on:
Even Wind-in-the-Spruce likes it."

The wolf gave a grin.as he lay down ona rug, enjoying
a piece of the fry bread. "Good," he said after a moment.
"Must make more."

34 Uktena

Nancy laughed. "Good thing cornmeal's cheap. Well,
it's nice tomeet someone from closer to the water. Have you
visited a lot of other septs?"

"A few," answered the girl, "but l know we've gota long
way to go."

"Ah. Well, that's the way of our tribé. We're a real
mixed bag: But you probably already knew that."

"Sortof. Honestly, lwouldn't mind knowing a bit more.
All Uktena aren't Indian, I realize that. But who decides
who we are?"

Oe Frarerns: Cur Sift aL

Nancy thought about that a moment. "That's a good
question. I would say that more than some tribes, like the
Red Talons or even Younger Brother, we are willing to adapt
and change. True, we chose not to accept W yrmbringers as
Kin, but even that may not always be true: Many Uktena
were glad when we welcomed rhe others who had been
oppressed or become victims of tyranny. I think the Uktena
are always shifting, always changing, and that is what keeps
us strong, making us able to see places no one else can see;
touch what no one else dares to touch."

"Not unlike ripples of water, or waves on the sarid.
Never are two the same. There is power in the difference."
added Wind-in-the-Spruce: Erishka marveled thatshe could
understand his words so clearly in the lupus tongue..Then
she remembered that he-was a Songkeeper and realized his
eloquent speech': arose > from, shat birthright:

two. Sometimes it could be as straightforward as ding the
answer to a single question; or bringing back a question
without an answer. To repeat something that has been done
before gives us no new knowledge. Believe me, ritemasters
generally work long and hard to create meaningful Rites of
Passage. This is one of the most solemn tasks we have. The
initiation of the young touches the future, but it also binds
us tothe past and our long history."

Kinfb1he Teafetions

"Another way we stay strong is through nurturing our
Kinfolk," continued Nancy.

"Oh, like letting Jolon come with me'on this trip," said
Erishka.. Nancy fell silent a-moment, and Wind-in-the-
Spruce continued.

=|


ee

"Yes, sharing experiences. with Kin strengthens our
bonds. We do this through dance, song and rhyme. With the
great variety of Kinfolk we have welcomed over the years,
our music has swelled in beauty; as the Songkeeper's moon.
We love our Kin and keep them close. We learn from them
as well, and in turn, th:

over the years. Used. to be we only had Indian Kinfolk,.but
we've welcomed more diversity among our relatives over the
years. Pd bet we have Kin from nearly every continent, any
tribe with at least'a scrap of their old lore to hold on to. Only
the Intruders from Europe have been deliberately excluded —
that's an old score I don't think will ever be settled."

"My father's ancestors were Créoleé," Erishka. said,
"though you wouldn't know it to look at him."

W ind-in-the-Spruce stood and stretched. "Gaia knows
that it is the heart and soul, not the hide, that matters.. My
fur is gray, the Crescent Moon's is black. We both serve,-as
do our Kin. That is what Gaia sees."

"Speaking of fur," asked Erishka as she munched, "What
about our wolf Kin?"

Nancy nodded approvingly, "You'll -be a fine Half
Moon -— you look for the balance. Sadly, it's harder to keep
our wolf side healthy. Lands that make for good wolf-range
also make for good ranches,-farms and subdivisions... There
are packs scattered all arourid,-but mostly in the west. We
have to keep close tabs on every pack, to make sure they
don't catch the eye of a rancher or suburbanite." She
chuckled to herself. "Or biologist for that matter. In' some
ways they're worse.. They don't just shoot and forget, they
collar the poor things, snoop around and alert other scien
tists of the "lost populations". of wolves being where
shouldn't."

CAEL at SELLS

Erishka passed the rest of the day helping Nancy and
Wind-in-the-Spruce scour the bawn. A. few other members
of the sept came around to say hello, but for the most part,
only the wolf and Nancy stayed close:

"It's an honor to help you," said Erishka, after they'd
finished an initial patrol. "I didn't know I'd be allowed to
visit someone else's caern."

Nancy's muscles rippled as her body lengthened, her
loose-fitting clothes becoming tighter. She carried a few

large river rocks to the edge of the bawn, stopping for a
moment with eyes closed and nose high to catch the scent
of the fog that drifted lazily around. "Nor all visitors come to
the caérn," she replied, her voice gruff and husky. "But you
are different." She didn't -say anything else -about that,
leaving Erishka to wonder. Nancy set down the rocks in
what seemed to be a ritual pattern.

"Er, well, is this a pretty typical Uktena caern?"' asked
the girl.

The Crescent Moon lifted an eyebrow. "What do you

? Is it like your sept's caern? Sit, be silent, and tell me
touches your mind."
Darn, Tmno touchy feely type, thought Erishka, but she
did as she was told. She fidgeted a bit. Time passed, and
then... she had no.other way >to deséribe it.... the fog
swallowed her.

Cold, wet, drowning! Panic seized her; but then she
realized that she could breathe after all.

Young Half-Moon,; you wear your skin uneasily, a chill
voice whispered. You see, yet you are blind to the truth before
your eyes. What do you bring here?

Erishka' thought about this carefully: I bring myself. 1
bring our Kin. I wish to learn of my people, she replied.

The spirit voice laughed, asound like bubbling water on
a hot fire: To learn of an Uktena caern is to face fear, to know of
the hearts of darkness deep beneath the earth. Watch, and discover.

Images flashed into her mind, burning. She saw ancestorsin
wolf form and in human; fighting a giant beast from the outer
reaches of the spirit lands, grotesque with cruel wisdom in its
many eyes. The People wrestled it to the ground and bound it
with many spells before enclosing it in dirt and water, finally
building stones all around. Erishka saw this sarne story many
times, each creature more fell than the last, each generation of
the tribe renewing the battle and the wards around the attacking
Wyrmspawn. Asshe became accustomed to the visions, the Half
Moon saw that though each story had different faces, the tasks
remained the same. Always, strong warriors guarded the caerns
and led the fight to subdue the enemy. Songkeepers stirred the
hearts ofall assembled with theirmusic, evenas they danced into
the fray. A Crescent Moon called to th id and protect

standing in the center of all things, guiding, ene
not hanging back from the fight, but directing its course
alongside the Full Moons. Only when many of these crea-
tures had killed or been killed, and many versions of the
story told, did the werewolves end the fight. They buried
their dead and every turn of the moon, renewed the wards of
secrecy among their caerns.. They spoke to each other in soft
whispers, sharing sécrets she could not hear... A.shudder
passed through the girl as mists clouded in front of her eyes.

Chapter Two: Feathered Dances, Hidden Hearts 35

— a ES SE


Now you know the truth that is not so pretty, the fog us, keep us safe and hidden. We give our tears and sorrows
whispered, as the last vision faded. Do not speak of it, even to to the water, to hold our secrets, our dreams, our hopes."
your own kind. Nancy tossed some brightly colored stones into the stream

cold water, Erishka gasped for air and shook herself awak
Her limbs ached, and joints creaked. Nancy sat nearb
resting against a pile of moss-covered stones. She puta finger
to her lips and shook her head.

you something, and it is for you alone. The moot will sta

hat ran at her feet. "Fog, I am she who Holds-Back-the-
Shadow. I share a secret with you and ask your blessing and
presence at this moot." She began speaking im a tongue
ishka didn't understand, in a voice that quickly dropped
w to hear even with the keen senses of a wolf.

One by one, each werewolf came forward, took a
lored stone from ancy, and threw it into the pool, all
4: hit the water. First was

I won't, she swore, I won't, and as if she emerged from

"I don't need to know," she murmured. "Fog has give

Moon nodded rot ' . | ‘ di é,. followed by a scarred

a haunting melody.
pass over and through her;
surrounded the caern and the' ass:

issing part of a paw and

his moot to welcome our visitors from the

notes mingled with the opening howls that stiltec

in the distance, she heard the roar of waterfalls. The noise lands ofour cousins." He held out a leather pouch to Erishka.

both haunted her and stirred memories, as if she'd done this "Por your journeys ahead."

many times before. Wind-in-the-Spruce's how] lasted the She stood and bowed herhead, thankful Grandmotherhad

longest, and as his voice fell to silence, Nancy stood up. She given her various items to present as gifts. From the knapsack at

whispered, but the dusk near night was so still, her voice her feet, she pulled out several coils of reed that she'd cut and

seemed loud and strong. dyed herself. "We thank you for your welcome, and from my
"Water and wind, we welcome you. Sky and darkness, family, accept this basket reed, dyed red with the aid of the

we thank you for protecting us. The rivers that flow around cochineal bug, to bring success and triumph to your caern."

36 Ukfena

LL Es LT PT Ts


Counce

In addition to.regular moots, Uktena also have
councils. Typically, these meetings involve the elders of
asept (or several neighboring septs) and address matters
that concern the protectorate or local region. These are
solemn, formal occasions.. Any Uktena may attend, but
usually only the elders speak; they do so in turn, wielding
some sort of sacred object to show that it is their time to
talk. Depending on those present, this object could be a
stick, a pipe, a basket or even a piece of pottery.. The
object is passed on from speaker to speaker, until éevery-
one who wants to speak has done so: On the other hand,
noonetakesaturnat speaking lightly. Ifyou want to talk,
you'd better have something important to say.

Four times a year, in spting, summer, fall and
winter, Great Councils are held. These are even wider
in-scope and participation, and deal with matters that
affect the entire tribe..To an outsider's eyes, nothing
seers to get accomplished except for a lot of talk: ‘This
is a false perception. In fact, the Great Councils pro-
mote an astonishing blend of both unity and individu-
aliry among the septs.-Granted, most "go their own
way" once they return to their hornes, but at least, the
Uktrena know what others in their tribe are doing. Not
many Garou can make such aclaim.

Charlie took it. "I thank you, young one. Now sit and
enjoy the stories and dances of my people, and take freely of
the food from our table."

Erishka nodded. Behind her, Jolon sat silent and apart,
watching and taking in the sights and sounds. As a few sept
members stood to tell tales of various quests, she saw he paid
close attention, soaking it all in. When the dancing began,
he moved closer to the creek, dipping his hands in the cold,
clear water.

Curious, thought Erishka, as she saw each sept member
approach him at various times and murmur something in his
ear. I wonder if he wasn't supposed to be heres But he didn't
leave, and she didn't think he was being scolded.

As dusk began to move to full darkness, a few women
began laying out bread, honey and coffee, and the assernbled
crowd ate its fill. Charlie introduced her to his wife and afew
of the other Kin: before the werewolves once again -as-
sernbled in a circle... Wind-in-the-Spruce again. lifted his
voice in a howl, but this one was so sad, so painful, Erishka
felt tears flowing down her cheeks.

"He cries for Middle Brother," said Nancy softly. "The
Croatan are lost, and this isa secret you should know. They
gave their lives, their very essence, t6 stop the Eater-of-
Souls from devouring the worlds. We remember their sacri-
fice and courage, always." Erishka had known of the sacrifice
from the history lesson in Florida, but in hearing the achingly
beautiful voice she began to understand.

Litt ae SOAS IAL

As the final howls of the moot died into misty echoes,
Wind-in-the-Spruce cocked his head at Erishka, then walked
away from the bawn. She followed for a long while, as the
mountain path twisted and rounded through thick trees.
Finally; they stood on a ridge, looking down into the valley
below. Wind-in-the-Spruce shrugged his shoulders and limbs,
and momentarily, a gangly youth with long loose black hair
stood beside her.

"Sometimes, this way is easier to talk," he explained. "I
brought you here to teach you of the campsand secret circles
within the Uktrena. You will only hear this once, so you must
remember. Asa Moon Dancer, 1 know these things by heart.
As a Half Moon, you must be the one to decide how to use
what 1 tell you wisely, when to speak of it, when to keep it
deep within your heart. [have no doubt you will meet people
from these groups we call camps and societies, but whether
you choose to accept their offers or not must be for you to
decide."

"Um, okay," replied Erishka: "But what exactly is a
camp?"

"They are groups of like-minded Uktena who bind
themselves together in search of certain secrets. Each camp
has a particular focus, seeking aspecific kind of knowledge.
Some wish to explore only the secrets of the material world;
others look to the spirit lands or even places that should
remain hidden: Some call themselves camps; others prefer
to be titled ‘secret societies; which I find quite amusing! If
the society is secret, then why have I heard of it? But heed
what I say,and remember." - .

Cage et! Critohas

"The Earth Guides, as their name implies, give their
attentions to the world around us, the one we can see, feel
and taste. They are particularly fond of human lore, but they
also collect the-srories of the lupus,.Kinfolk and other
Changers. They are among the oldest of the camps, and their
collection of knowledge is immense. Anything that humans
consider ‘culture,' such as dances, poetry, song, arts, craft,
even religion, the Earth Guides collect and study. Multiply
this kind of knowledge by every group we call Kin, and you
will see the power-of rheit understanding.. Among two-
legged Earth Guides, you will find those who promote this
awareness among Kin. and other humans —— what you call
activists, I believe. They are also some of our best teachers,
remembering ancient rituals and ceremonies that others
have long forgotten."

"Tf they have a flaw, it is that the Earth Guides become
too caught up in their discoveries, to the detriment of living
in the now. While I respect their wisdom, and as a Moon
Dancer,.1 admire their preservation of the past, I am dis-
turbed that they have no interest in finding new ways and
untrodden paths." Erishka nodded, and the Moon Dancer
continued.

ChAapter Two: Feathered Dances: Hidden Hearts 37

——— SN

4

SKGAUKEL

"The Skywalkers are a refléction of Earth Guides in
many ways, yet their interests lie on the other side of a
mirrored pool. Their lore is that of the vast array of spirits.
Many Crescent Moons are among the Skywalkers, but they
are not alone in their fascination with the lands beyond and
the creatures that live there. Many No Moons and Moon
Dancers have delved into the long paths and brought back
unheard-of knowledge. Any auspice may undertake a vision
quest into the Umbra,-of course. Often, spirits like to talk,
and one clever enough to win their favor gains much in
return. Perhaps the most important task the Skywalkers now
face is puzzling out the riddle of Anthelios."

"What's that?" asked Erishka, hoping to learn more
than Cows-the-Gator told.

Wind-in-the-Spruce shook his' head worriedly. "No
one knows exactly. It appears asa red star in the horizon of
the spirit world, but cértain prophecies seém ro tell that its
coming marks the approach of the End Times, the last days
of this world. 1 feel in my heart that the Skywalkers may be
the best ones to tell us if this is so. Yet I fear that they may
stray too far and let loose a scourge that is unforeseen. It has
happéned before, in their searches of the spirit world, that
something follows them home. Then, the rest of us have to
battle it unto dearh —— either it perishes, or we do."

Sane Serva?

"A simnilar problem follows those we call Bane Tenders.
As their name implies, they watch over the powerful spawn
of Grandfather Serpent, which we Uktena have bound into
the earth for safekeeping."

"T heard something like this before," said Erishkaslowly,
"but I don't understand why we...."

"We did it to protect the Pure Lands, and we would do
so again if the need arose," replied the lupus, sharply. "Only
the strongest and bravest join the Bane Tenders, for it isa
difficult task to spend all your waking moments remaining
vigilant. The members of this camp also seek out the darkest
lore of Grandfather Serpent's forces, believing that knowl-
edge of a thing gives strength to fight it." He shrugged. "lam
not so sure. There is the thinnest of lines between under-
standing and becoming. Some have crossed that line; though
fortunately, other Uktena are careful to....ah... test the
Bane Tenders from time to time. Naturally, they resent this
and believe they are unappreciated..Perhaps that is true.
Certainly once an Uktena becomes a Bane Tender, his life
and sanity are shortened, for they see things of the darkness
we cannot begin to imagine. If a Bane Tender comes to us,
we tend to take their words seriously. Better to be a-bit
paranoid than caught unawares."

ition of VAS

"You know' of the Triat, of course, the three forces of
Wyrm, Weaver and Wyld that exert great influence over
Gaia and all that exists. Consider this — that if the Bane
Tenders seek to learn the secrets of the Wyrm and how to

38

UkFfena

OLE LP, OT LY LT

control it, there are likewise groups who do the same with
the Weaver and the Wyld."

"Those werewolves who fully embrace the chaos, tur-
moil and disorder of Grandmother Smoke we name Chil-
dren of the Wyld, or sometimes simply Wyld Children.
Many go beyond trying to merely understand the W/yld's
primal forces and seek to become one with its madness. This
is not as foolhardy as it sounds! Some Wyld Children believe
that by joining this force, they can heal the rifts in the Triat.
Others think that Grandmother Smoke needs to be saved
from its own reckless ways, and an alliance with the spirits
that serve the Wyld will achieve this goal."

"That's more or less what I know of the Triat; things aré
out of balance, and the Wyld's forces are doing more harm
than good," Erishka agreed. ;

"True, true," nodded Wind-in-the-Spruce. "But the
situation is much more complex than that. We werewolves
are protectors of the Wyld, as I have said. Yet in some ways,
it is a mindless ally. The Wyld Children may disagree with
me, but I believe that Grandmother Smoke is not so self-
aware. It is reacting to events, not necessarily creating them.
Even the plagues and earthquakes that come from its vast-
ness are responses to the pain it feels. It must be difficult to
serve a power that is heedless of the bedlam it spawns. Still,
the Children of the Wyld possess some-of the deepest
knowledge and understanding of the spirits and the lands
beyond of any Uktena, because they have been to hidden
realms of Grandmother Smoke and heard many of its stories
and secrets."

Ls PUekers

"Grandfather Spider's: followers among the Uktena
take the name Web Walkers, possibly adopted from the
Glass Walkers, whom they tend to treat as close allies.
While not all are urban, many Web Walkers do choose to
live in or close to large cities. They revel in technology, but
still treat ic as a servant rather than their master. Why are
they drawn to the Weaver? I think for many of the same
reasons other Uktena feel the connection to the Wyld or,
dare I say it, the Wyrm.Some-seek understanding, others
seek healing." :

"Not to-mention that with all the humans living in
cities, there may be a connection with Kin," added Erishka.

"Yes; you are exactly right!" the hipus replied, with an
admiring nod. "These Web Walkers have indeed located lost
Kin for us among the city dwellers, and perhaps, an unknown
cub here and there: Also, with Grandfather Spider's aid, the
Web Walkers are sometimes able to sniff out the worst Wyrm
infestations inthe city. But their most important task remains
gathering information and lore on the Weaver itself. What
better place than the cities for this task? I admit, my under-
standing of technology is limited since I did not grow up with
it. But Web Walkers Il have met tell me of wonders they have
seen in the city Umbrascapes. It is tempting to visit and see
what they have discovered."


CAoot Pavers

The moon was high overhead by this time, bur W/ind-
in-the-Spruce gave a long cry before speaking again.."I
mourn again for Middle Brother who is lost. There is a group
among us and among Younger Brother, Wendigo, who make
their sacred duty the preservation of the Croatan's memory.
Not only do they purify the lands in remembrance of those
who died, they also seek to find any stories and songs that
remain of Middle Brother."

"Any link to the Ghost Dance taught by Wovoka back
in the late 1800s?" asked Erishka..""I mean, the whole point
of that' ritual was -to purify and ‘revitalize the land that
Wyrmbringers had corrupted, right?"

"t am not-sure those who first performed the Ghost
Dance would use quite the same words," replied Wind-in-the-
Spruce with.a grim smile, "but yes, the tradition comes from
the same roots. It was originally a rite of our Paiute Kin, but
the Ghost Dance has become a.powerful ‘symbol for all
descended from the Pure Ones.. The Uktena Ghost Dancers,
like those long-dead victims of the Indian Wars, believe that
making the land whole and clean is far more important than
sounding the druins of war, as Little Brother does." He sighed.
"For many years now, Uktena Ghost Dancers have preserved
this ceremony and the stories of those who have fallen to
protect it. | hope that the more bloodthirsty members among
the Wendigo do not sway the newest initiates into altering
what has long stood for peace into-a cry for war."

SZ0tCIL

"Less troubled are a group Of Ukrena simply called the
Séouts. They are almost exactly what their name implies-——~
seekers of information and knowledge who in ages past
roamed ahead of the packs and brought back wisdom and
learning about new places in both the waking lands and the
Umbra. Now, they often act as messengers, and most are
highly respected for their willingness to keep-us connected,
now that we Uktena are scattered so far and wide. Some
serve the Medicine Workers as heralds to the spirits. Others
see to the needs of the lonely Bane Tenders."

"lt chink the Scouts must havea pretty good deal going
said the girl. "I mean, Pve learned alot just from visiting a
handful of different septs."

"Perhaps," ‘the lupus smiled. "However, not a few
wetéwolves scorn the Scouts for their wanderings, suggest-
ing that without a permanent pack or sept, they are not
following their natures. Some Scouts have sidestepped this
problem by forming questing packs."

‘What are those?" asked Erishka.

"One of the legends of the End Times is that more and
more packs will undertake difficult quests," replied W/ind-
in-the-Spruce. "Some Scouts have started working together
to uncover lost spirits and long-forgotten lore..A few Pve
heard are even seeking totem spirits that have vanished to
the deepest Umbra or elsewhere. I wish them well, for it is
a daunting task." -

tad

ee

ager

"But not all of the Scotits have had such honorable
intentions over time," continued the lupus, a sad note in his
voice. "A. branch of the Scouts, calling themselves the Raid-
ers, takes the mission of gathering information too far. I have
no doubt their original intentions were good, but now...They
seek out lost fetishes, talens and any items of power they can
find. For the well being of the tribe? No, to hoard in their septs
and the secret places of the earth. | imagine no one alive today
could envision the hidden shrines and treasure -troves the
Raiders have built over the years. The worst part is this—— they
say they destroy anything that is Wyrm-infested, but is this
still true? Since they reveal nothing, not even to the Medicine
Workers, we have little reason to trust them."

"They sound, well, kind of creepy," Erishka mutteréd.

"They are that, indeed," agreed Wind-in-the-Spruce.
"And some stories even accuse them of killing those whoask
too many questions or go searching for their hidden shrines.
Instead of sharing knowledge and helping all the Uktena
prepare to face the dangers, they distrust everyone and
suffocate the tribe with their dark ‘secrets... They are why
some other tribes firid all Uktena ‘creepy,' as you say."

Fight Dancers

"Another group is unsettling, but I believe their inten-
tions are more noble than the Raiders. They call themselves
Path Dancers, and although not clear to outsiders, they seem
to have a personal link with the Great Uktena..The Path
Daricers are known as commanding mystics who use Gifts
and rituals unfamiiliar to all other Uktena. They are very
selective about who they choose to join their circle. A
prospective member must pass some sort of initiation, and if
the werewolf fails, she cannot recall any memories of her
time with the Path Dancers."

"Sounds sort of like mind <control Gr something," said
Erishka. "So how are these folks a bénefit ifthey're so mysterious?"

"leis true that their ways may seem threatening to
outsiders; a few say they dabble with Grandfather Serpent,
but I do not believe this is true. Rather, I think Uktena may
have blessed them in-a'way we Ourtsidets cannot understand.
limagine them as unique, but they are still our brethren."

Sbvtily of the FLL» CP FPOLf

"Alas, l[carinot say the same for the last group whose story
I must speak: They were called the Society of the Bitter Frost,
and it is a certainty that they have fallen into darkness."

"Why?" asked the girl. "What -on-earth could make
wetewolves, any of us, turn to the Wyrm?"

"Hatred was part of the reason: Many of us béearno love
for the Wyrmbringers and Wyrmcomers, but those of the
Bitter Frost let their hate consume them. They struck out
and slaughtered human and Garou alike. But there is an-
other reason, a secret of the Moon Dancers I will share with
you. Long ago, those who danced the Black Spiral came to
the Uktena. We were dark of mind in those days, for both
our human and wolf Kin had been slaughtered in great

Chapter Trwvo: Feathered Dances, Hidden Hearts 39

RS ENG

t

numbers. Our lands were being taken and corrupted, and we
could do nothing against the weapons and sheer numbers of
Wyrmbringers that came to our lands. The Spirals spoke
with our Lawgivers and offered us another path. Many of the
Uktena listened and learned, but it was a clever trick.Once
we had heard what the Black Spirals had to say, we slaugh-
tered them all.-Never did we once consider taking their
offer; we only listened to gain the weapon of knowledge to
use against their kind. Or so we Moon Dancers thought:

"We were wrorig, it seems, for some among the Bitter
Frost did accept what was offered, as they envied the power
Grandfather Serpent gave the Black Spirals. It took many
years for this story to be told in full. But threads of the tale
became clearer with time..At first, we heard only rumors,
that members of the Society of the Bitter Frost had slain
Wyrmcomers, not in the distant past, but here in the later
days. Then, .some-of the Earth Guides began to speak in
moots, declaring that those of the Bitter Frost smelled
tainted and foul. Last, many of us saw the worst among them
using tools of Grandfather Serpent. The proof was. too
strong, and at our last great moot, the elders declared the
Society to bé outcasts." He bent his head: "A sad path forany
of us to follow in these dark times." Neither of them said
anything for atime, but then Wind-in-the-Spruce stretched
and shrank in quick motion:

"Now," said the lupus, standing before her again on four
legs, "we return to the bawn. You have heard my tales, and I
have shared a secret with you. Bur now, you must pass my test.
Which camp am 1,and why?" He wore a grin, but beneath it,
his teeth glinted sharp and white.

Erishka grinned in kind: "Id been wondering that, to
tell you the truth. But I think I know the answer. You're a
damn good teacher, and you seem to know an awful lot of
information. At first, I thought you might be a Scout, but
then I started thinking about how beautifully you speak-It's
not just a Galliard thing,.either; your voice comes from
understanding how people —~ and werewolves, apparently
-— think. Only an-Earth Guide could do so well. And you
weren't afraid to be critical of them, either, with all that stuff
about looking for new paths. So, that's my guess."

Wind-in-the-Spruce threw back his head and let out a
quick, joyful howl.

Lifer et CEP LIL

"Although I ami sometimes considered a knowledgeable
and wise Songkeeper, my voice is just one among. many.
Other Uktena have quite a different take on all the camps and
secret societies. Hear now the views of others I have heard
expressed in my travels."

Some say we're too arrogant and toé tied to the past; heedless of
the future. Well, I can counter that easily enough. If it wasn't for us
keeping our links with ancestors and old ways strong, we'd not have
aclue about a few important rites, such as, oh, how sorne of the worst
of Grandfather Serpent's brood were banished.-The others should
think on that next time they're ternpted to criticize how we do things.

Luisa Santos, Earth Guide

40 Ukfena

OLE Es ET DL LT A

The world has marry realities, and we are among those who have
seen Gaia's face in countless places and times, Our allies are the
spirits ,-and among all the Uktena, we revel in ovr own dual souls.

—-Michael Hawk, Skywalker

Te's a thankless and lonely job, but sorneone has to do it. Don't
bother becoming one of us if you can't handle the isolation... ..and the
fear in people's eyes when we come around.

= Kafele Brightstone, Bane Tender

Yes, the Wyld possesses much fury; but itis also beautiful in its
danger. Doesn'tacoming storm make your fur standon end? Respect
the Wyld, and recognize its rage within you.

a Crash of Thunder, Wyld Child

The cities aré the way of the future. Like it or riot, that's
where we'll make our final stand in the Apocalypse: Any
werewolves who purposely ignore the constantly growing urban
sprawl are a bunch of fools.

«ii Carla Codex, Web Walker

Our long-dead friends and Kin found a remarkable bond in
the Ghost Dance..By remembering them, we create even closer
ties with their descendents.

— "Tolikna; Ghost Dancer

Sure, I deliver messages, but the pony expressis longgone.I'm
more of an ambassador at large than .aweérewolf postal service.

— Julita Lautos; Séout

What are you talking about? There's no such thing as a
secret caché of ancient artifacts arvywhere on this earth —~ or in
any other realm,.for that matter: You've been listening to too
many peyote-induced Moon Dancer tales.

—- Iwone Sharpspear, Raider

By our own laws, I can't tell you our purpose. Butl can say
that Uktena guides us in our mission, as he does all our tribe.
Trust me when I say it is best-you don't know any more than this.

= Jon Nakai, Path Dancer

We are hated because we did what was both necessary and
difficult... To end the W/yrmcomer and Wyrmbringer scourge, we
needed the power to enforce our will. We were clever enough to
know where to find it.

= Neronss,; Sociery of the: Bitter Frost

"These are the voices of others among us; many accounted
wise in their way. You have listened well, and must makeup your
own mind which path you will follow," Wind-in-the-Spruce
remarked. "Come, then, young Lawgiver. Noneed to teach you
more lessons for now."

VPA ADP LAA

Erishka gave the Amtrak car a dubious look, but Jolon
seemed to think it was a better bet than riding the bus across
four-fifths of the country. Ar least it was less crowded, and no
one sang half-drunken songs or threw apples or did any of the
crazy stuff she'd seen on the buses.

Erishka's Notebook

voand the train dumped us out at yet another forlorn-
looking place, this time in the desert country of Arizona. I thought


Mb gOS

The Uktena, through acquiring Kin from various
cultures over the years, have a number of names and
vernacular words which may be unfamiliar to other
tribes, and ‘most mix and match the words in their
speech. These include:

First People, Pure Ones: Humans whofirst settled
Turtle Island, and their descendents

Ghost: A restless spirit or a wraith

Grandfather Serpent: The Wyrm

Grandfather Spider: The Weaver

Grandmother Smoke: The Wyld (Note thar the
"gender" of the Triat may vary depending on where the
speaker learned the old tales).

Great Mother: Gaia

Haole,. washishu, belagaana: Outsiders, usually
those of European ancestry. Although these terms
come from various hiiman languages, rhe Uktena have
adopted their use as well

Nunncehi: Faeries native to the Americas, but also
a catchall term for fae

Moondancer: Galliard

Peacemaker; Peaceleader, Lawgiver, Kumu:
Philodox

Shaman, Medicine Worker, Kahuna: Theurge,
but alsoa term of respect for mages who work with the
Uktena

Trickster, Questioner: Ragabash

Turtle Island: North and Central America

Warleader, Warrior; Ali'?i: Ahroun

Witches: Mages, particularly those who are moti-
vated by greed and thirst for power

Wryrmcomer: European werewolves who came to
America, and their descendents

Wyrmbringer: Human.European colonists ‘arid
their descendents

we'd never reach the sept, but finally, about a day later, we did.
I'd never met the Diné before, .but they -rmade "us welcome:
Tonight, Pve been invited to join one of the packs as they make
a journey into-the spirit lands: I'm eager to see what this place
looks like on the other side. Jolon said he's meeting with some of
the Kinfolk while I'm gone.
Mat TOL APIO

"Hold still, dammit!" snapped Rosie, as she snipped a
suture. "Or else Dll give you enough painkillers to knock
even you on your ass."

Josh Creek grumbled, but stopped squirming long enough
for his wife to finish her work. Erishka suppressed a grin. For
Kin, Rosie was gutsy and outspoken, and Erishka liked that.

She was an interesting contrast to her husband, a huge man
who seemed remarkably quiet and contemplative fora War-
rior. Rosie hadn't batted an eye when the pack had stumbled
into the couple's modest ranch house. She'd just gotten her
bag from the kitchen and set to work. Erishka imagined this
wasn't the first time" bloodied werewolves had crossed the
threshold. The large bedroom where they rested hada couple
of spare pallets in addition to the two beds.

"It doesn't hurt," answered Josh, sulkily, "but I need to talk
to Threepaws and the others, let 'em know what happened."

"No need," said another womian, resting on a pallet
nearby. She was pale despite her olive-toned skin, almost
fragile looking with her damp dark hair hanging in her face,
but much more alive than when the pack had returned from
their hunt. "lasked one of the water spirits to carry a message
for us. Threepaws knows where we are, and that the sept is
safe now:" Ellen had been the one who discovered the
Spirals trailing their pack in the UUmbra,and she'd borne the
brunt of their first assault. Her pack leader, Josh, along with
Erishka and a metis New Moon called Natesa had managed
to kill the enemy, though not without plenty of wounds.
Rosie had checked everyone out, taken care of the worst
injuries and then let the Great Mother do the rest.

"Okay," said Rosie,-giving them all a last once over.
"Today, you test. Doctor's orders! Pll get Beth to bring up
some food." Josh nodded for all of them, and Rosie left the
bedroom aftera last stern look.

Ellen waited a few moments, then rose and shut the
door. Sitting cross-legged, she emptied five small piles of
cornmeal, in colors of white, black, green, red and yellow
onto the wood floor.

"The setting sun in the west reminds us of the heat ofan
ember," the Theurge intoned. "It cuts through the heart of
our enemies with one sure stroke.. We hear the death cries of
our foes and rejoice for our victory:" Ellen traced asymbolin
the white meal.

"Is she doing a' sand painting?" Erishka whispered to
Nateéesa, who was in human form, watching quietly... The
Philodox tried not to'stare at the -metis' solid white left eye
that seemed not to move in its socket.

The New Moon shook her head. "No, that is a ritual of
our human: cousins,.onme most: dear to them. This is the
Changer way. It is similar, but different. Besides; most of
Ellen's ancestors came from Vietnam. They don't do Indian
rituals there; you know." Erishka accepted that news in
silence, as the Theurge spoke again.

"Roadrunner lent me his cunning this past night. If nét for
his keen eyes and quick wits thar guided me, I would not have
seen the danger to our caern. I thank our totem for showing me
the enemy in the darkness, for putting fire in my heart to carry
on our fighr." Ellen traced another symbol, this time in the red
meal, and bowed deeply.

Josh knelt beside Ellen, and traced a ‘sign in the yellow
meal. "I give my thanks to Bear, the totem of my wife's clan, for
her skills in healing. Thanks to her, we are strong again, ready

Chapter Taro: Feathered Dances, Hidden Hearts 41

Ee A A NS

t

to fight our enemies and discover new secrets: Bear is wise and
steady. He sees balance in the paths of the earth and gifts us with
this understanding."

Slowly, Natesa limped over to the piles of meal, though
she didn't touch anything. "Lizard and Coyote the Trickster
are brothers, though they tear at each other's healing wounds.
When. the dark ones assaulted us, .it was the Horned Lizard
who inspired me to fight, even as my blood spilled hot in the
spirit lands. 1 thank Lizard for guiding my hand this night."

Erishka instinctively knew it was her turn; and she said
the first thing that came to mind. "Turkey helped me begin
this quest for wisdom and secrets. So, um, I thank that totem
for opening a path before my feet."

Ellen nodded, and then carefully swept the meal into a
large pile. "Uktena and the others have all given us their
wisdom. There was pain in our discovery, but insight seldom
comes without a price. We found an enemy that was hidden.
That was worth the injury to our flesh." She scooped up the
cornmeal and deftly placed it in a blue leather pouch at her
waist. Erishka palpably felt a-cool wind stir in the room, but
it vanished almost as-soon as it appeared. The Crescent
Moon nodded again, seemingly pleased. Josh saw the puzzled
look on their visitor's face.

"Spirits like to be remembered "and named," he ex-
plained "as well-as given honor through the process of
chiminage. While Uktena, the One Who Unlocks Secrets,
is the totern of our tribe, we've got anumber of other allies,
too. Roadrunner is our sept totem, but alot of us have
personal totems: Rosie's family reveres Bear, who is a protec-
tor and healer of great strength, and I honor the guardian of
her people. Frog is a symbol of renewal and change,.as he
moves from tadpole to full-grown adult. Lizard is renowned
as a knower of secrets; and all four of these totems have
connections to water, a link to Uktena.- Either they live in
the water,.or they use water for catching fish-to eat-or to
replenish their bodies. Roadrunner is clever enough to find
water even. in the desert cactus."

"The list of spirits we recogpriize and love is long," Ellen
added. "I can't name them all,-of course, but I will mention a
few more you should know. Hummingbird is tiny, but valiant
despite her size..She defends her territory as fiercely as any
large mammial. Dragonfly shows us which paths to follow and
is highly honored by the Scouts as a totem that aids messen-
gers. Uktena who live much further south have told me about
Parrot, who isa friend of both sun and rain. And the numbers
of ancestor spirits we have is uncountable."

"At some of our most special moots, the strongest
Medicine Workers among us welcome certain of the ances-
tor spirits to tell stories through their living bodies," Josh
interjected. "It's almost indescribable to watch! Sometimes
a female spirit speaks in a male body, and vice versa."

"It's a rare occurrence," agreed Ellen, "though a joyous
one.In this way,some of us have been able té discover legends
that have long been lost..Alas, the times when these spirits
come among us have grown few, and I can't understand why."

42 Ukfena

ais a

Her brow furrowed for a bit, then she gave the Half Moon a
hopeful smile..""But tell me about Turkey, Erishka. You seem
to have some sort of special bond with him"

Erishka related the story of finding the talen-in the
museum, and after a brief hesitation, added the part about
the troubling dreamis she'd had after her First Change: "So,
Vm not sure why I got the task, but I think I did right by
freeing the spirit," ‘she finished. "Here, look at the beard
feather fetish." She pulled it out of her bag and handed it to
the Theurge. "One of the Glass Hand folks bound the spirit
for me, in honor of my visit. It's kind of a lie detector. They
said it was a good thing for a Half-Moon to have."

Ellen rubbed her hand over'the feathers reverently.
"This is beautiful. There's more power here than just the
spirit within, though. Keep it close to you, for 1 suspect it ail
one day be needed. "

dog in their
d. "I sense
quit chewing."
at about our tribal

another question is waiting for
Erishka nodded and swall :

Er, ifnow isnot the wrong
f chewing

t Moon:
L.? She looked
Natesa, and added, ( asked." Ignoring
puzzled look she ewan.
"Great Uktena app
around as an ancient tree, withsp
running around and downhis body
deer,.and on his forehead lies a grea tone, called the
ulun'suti, that shines like a diamond ora ruby. Most say he is
red, but some say white or blue or maybe some other color."

"Many say he has wings when he needs them," said Josh:

"Some people say Great Uktena hasa head —~ and maybe
even legs —— like amountain lion,.and that he has straight
horns and not antlers," added:the No Moon.

"Il don't know about that," Ellen said with aslight shrug.
"Could be that Uktena-was playing a-trick on.one of us."

Erishka -piped up.."The folks in' Florida ‘told me. the
Water-Cougar was a servant of Uktena. Maybe that's where
the confusion comes from."

Ellen nodded gravely at this. "However he looks, Great
Utena is an angry spirit, though he does not see fit to tell us why.
Some say it is because of an ancient treachery. An elder told me
that in the time before the People, Uktena served the Wyrm of


eee en. ers an eee en EE SR ee

alr tefoFE

Galunilati, rhe home réalm of Great Uktena, is most
accessible through the tribal spirit realm; however, few
dare travel there. It is perhaps more beautiful and more
majestic~than..the Uktena tribal realm,.but far more
dangerous. Peaks are higher and more jagged, forests are
dark and trackless, rivers run quick over rocks and hidden
snags, storms fiercer than mere tornadoes tear at the land
and shatter tree and rock with brilliant bolts of lightning.
The land takes no pity on visitors. More notable rhan the
realm itself is its inhabirants, for Galunlati is the land of
monsters. Giants and stoneskins, uktena-and water cou-
gars, creatures long forgotten or too terrible to éver live on
earth call Galunlati home.

Some say the first werewolves drove the monsters
of the Pure Lands there,-or perhaps the Great Mother
banished them from the earth..Others say Galunlati
was the birthplace of all these creatures, and their final
retreat until they are loosed upon the world at rhe end
of days. But whether Galunilati is refuge or prison, the
fact remains that only the strongest, cleverest, and
bravest Uktrena can long survive there.-Perhaps thar is
why so many who challenge for elder status are sent to
Galunilati for their test. Great Uktrena seldom leaves his
realm anymore, so'any who wish to treat with him for
Gifts or lore must first brave a journey which itself
would be worth an epic.

Balance. He was a hunter of all the worlds, searching for the ways
to unravel that which the Weaver had too tightly bound, things
which otherwise could not -die in their turn.. But when the
Weaver bound the Wyrm, Uktena the Secretbreaker could not
himself break the threads. He did not follow his master into
corruption and madness, but joined Gaia instead, where' he
remained aseeker of secrets. Yet his failure burns within from that
day to this. So the elder said, ‘If Great Uktena hasspokeén of it, the
tale was not carried to my ears.'

"But anger swirls like bitter poison in his body. Venom
drips from his mouth, poison is in his breath and spirit-flame
isin his gaze. With his venom, strength and scales stronger
than stone he would make a fine totem of war, but Uktena
is not so direct. He prefers guile and cleverness, learning by
watching from concealment, and the stealthy deadly strike.
He knows more than we, but expects us to use his gifts to
discover more than ambush.

"None but the most cunning seekers may see the grear
water serpent. Instead they may see the fog whirl with his
passing, or hear the scrape of scales on a canyon wall. But
some he lures to him by calling to them inthe voices of their
loved ones. And in the old days, they would come, and he
would dazzle them in the blinding light of the ulun'suti, the
gem that shines from his skull, and then they would run into
his open mouth." Ellen moved her hands to describe the
light, the mouth and the poor victim trotting to his doom.

"Even if he does not eat you, to meet him is doom. For
Great Uktena's gaze to fall on you is death to those you hold


dear. This is the way of Uktena, for he likes his secrets and does
not wish to be spied on.. But because our tribe honors him, as
no one else would dare, he lifted this death curse: However,
only the greatest, the wisest of our people may look upon him,
for the unworthy risk ill fortune for the presumption.

"To those packs worthy of his special patronage, he sends
his lesser children, who are also difficult to see yet make their
presence known with sign or sound. Their gaze is not so
dangerous, but one should still show them great respect."

"Those who wish Uktena's favor would do-well. to
consecrate a place to do him homage: By a deep river pool
or lake is best. Regular sacrifices are expected. Game taken
by arnbush or trap is good, as is some other valuable discov-
ered or acquired through cunning; but what Uktena really
likes is secrets, whether written and dropped into the pool
or whispered across the water. Of course, to find Great
Uktena himself, one can always travel to his home realm of
Galunlati, but few survive such a-journey." She ‘sighed.
"And that is gracious plenty about our totem."

She SPLEF

"Eow does Great Uktena deal with other spirits? Like
the Weaver, Wyrm-and Wyld?" asked -Erishka,- after a
lengthy pause:

"The relationships berween~ Great Uktrena and the
Grandfather and Grandmother spirits of Smoke, Serpent
and Spider are complex," Ellen said, after she'd eaten
another heaping portion of lamb stew. "Don't be surprised if
when you meet the Wyrmcomer Changers or even a few
members of Little Brother's tribe, they look.at you with
suspicion in their eyes.. They contend thar Uktena is too
much. like Grandfather Serpent. Well, maybe that's so, -but
remember, until the three Grandfathers fell out of balance,
the Wyrm wasn't ‘evil.' lt was a force, no better and no
worse, than the Wyld or the Weaver..Don't -forger that
Uktena is a totem of Wisdom. It was wise enough to see that
any service to Grandfather Serpent had become a foolish
and dangerous proposition.

"Asatribe, we have walked with both Grandmother Smoke
and Grandfather Spider. The Wyld gives us strength and anger,
and it dwells close to the heart of our too-rare wolf Kinfolk. We
should be careful not to call too often.on these primal forces; lest
they destroy us as well as our enemies. The Weaver teaches us
about order and the patterning of life, arid it is the major force at
work in the lives of our human Kin. Then again, too much order
and regulation strangles our freedom. But, to put it simply, we
oppose Grandfather Serpent any way we can. Some consider
opposing him to be merely combat of arrmns; we Uktenaknow that
conquering the Wyrm and restoring the balance will come
through cunning, not mere brute force."

A fie Lay
"Tell me something else, then," said Erishka. "Uma

Lawgiver, so it's my job to interpret the Litany among my
pack and sept. But it seems so... brief. Sure, there's a lot to

guide me, but these rules seem open to quite.a lot of
individual interpretation."

arots Shall Not aye / ULE Carey

To her surprise, it wasn't the Crescent Moon who spoke,
but the Trickster, who for the most part had been quiet during
the meal. "If you've noticed that, then you've learned some-
thing already. My packmates and I have an understanding,"
said Natesa, with a slight inclination of her head. "They can't
help but recoil a bit at the fact I'm a metis...."

"You're selling us short!" Josh snarled.."We never..."

"Did I say you had treated me wrongly? No! You must
let me finish," snapped Natesa..""What | was going to say was
that even though your gut reaction is to flinch, you and Ellen
have welcomed me as a pack member and judged me for my
deeds, not my parentage. The general Uktena view on metis
is that the parents have done wrong and must face punish-
ment, but their child is not guilty."

"But not necessarily innocent, either," said Erishka,
slowly.

The No Moon rewarded her with a bitter smile. "Ah,
seé, you already know both the letter and the spirit of the
law.T'm more fortunate than some Uktena metis, who face
unspoken. scorn and mistrust.all their days. If you want an
opinion, our lot in this tribe is better than many, burt still, life
is harder than that of a homid or lupus."

Corilat the PUgrrs PUberecer If Det
ane ? Ubeneter JP EP CEat

"I can speak about fighting the Wyrm," Josh said. "You
saw tonight that we take the barrle against Grandfather
Serpent most seriously..Even if those Spirals hadn't been
nosing around the caern,.we'd still have killed them as
quickly as possible. That is our way, plain and simple."

"Well, [don't mean to contradict you, pack leader, but
there's a bit more to it than that," Natesa piped up.

"Yes, we slay things that belong to the Wyrm, but we
also make a point of learning as much as we can about them
before moving in for the kill. Let's take that book your wife's
young shaman friend toted around for a while."

Josh's' mouth .dropped open. "Now, wait a minute.
‘That's different. He...." The Trickster cur him off.

"Nope, nota bit different: And before you tell me to
hush up, remember that Erishka here has earned the right to
hear a secret or two. Okay,-to make a long story short, this
shaman friend of Rosie's brought this old book here for Ellen
to see. It was called The Diaries of Zeerne, and it had thescent
of Grandfather Serpent all over it..I guess other folks would
have tossed it into a fire, but some of us read it, silently, of
course. Dark stuff about the Spirals and this old group of
Wyrmbringers called the Society of the Weeping Moon. I
did some checking, and I think they're long gone. Butifafew
are still poking around, by reading that book, I learned
something about how to fight them, how to defeat them. To
know the enemy is to know their weaknesses. So don't

44 Uktena

TT Af

=

|

_ those who stole what-was ours..And I believe this is dou

discount getting information from agents of the Wyrm
before you destroy them."

eagtedt fle Cervifory of Alpopflar

"Pim not sure ] can give a fair view on. the issue of
respecting territory," said Josh, changing the subject. "We
Uktena do it, but-the W/yrmcomers and Wyrmbrirngers
obviously didn't. So should we ignore it, since they did, or
honor it more strongly to show them a better example?"

"I think the tribe is split on that," Ellen replied. "You'll
find, ah, extremists who think we should have a big uprising,
open up casinos everywhere and take the belagaana for every
cent we can. And then there are others who say now is now
not a century past. It was the will of Gaia that we should loss
out lands, for whatever reason; and we must do the best wi
what we have left. I think I personally err on the side of liv
by example. If we take the lands of others, we're no better t

true when talking about our Changer brothers and sisters,
werewolves and Fera alike."

"You're awfully optimnistic," Natesa grumbled, but she
nothing else after the Crescent Moon gave her a hard sta

Aecet arn Ptonerdtile Surrender
Josh took up the thread of the coriversation .again.
"Gétting to the rules of war, we i by
accepting honorable subnii
is nobly given shows we aren't worth ;
demand amends, and this isn't unique to Am
culture. Even some of the Wyrmbringers hav
taking an ‘eye for an éye.' And what reparatio:
Uktena want in return for accepting surrender?"
"Secrets," Erishka answered. "That's a-no-brainer."
"Right... most of the time, anyway: Knowing a-seér
about an advetsary grants you power. The type of secret,
course, should fit the situation. In a fair fight, don't ask f
more than is deserved... But if the opponent has. acte
dishonorably,. you have évery right to demand something
more dear."

"Still," said Natresa; "don't forget that we have no
problem with an opponent being clever or wily. After all,
that's something Uktena treasures in his own tribe, and if
another imitates this trait, then ina way, it'san honor to our
totem as well."

Silat fo ST hve Of Fh iglier SPAPPCts

Josh gnashed his teeth. "Though it galls me sometimes,
as a pack leader and adren, | believe strongly in submitting
to those of higher station. Not because 'm too proud, but
because I think this law applies to both the Pure Ones and
those of Wyrmcomer tribes. Again, it's the whole thing of
doing what's proper. Gaia gave us an understanding of who
is alpha, and the respect that should be accorded to those of
rank. To defy this is to scorn Her path, and that's-not
something any of us should do, even if we detest the ones to
whom we show deference."

"Pd like to point out that those of higher station should
be worthy of the submission we give them," Natesa added.
"Most of the time, they are, but not always." Ellen nodded
in agreement.

Fhe Fitvtp J Pare of ple ill
fOr fle CHAPS tbe SPAPtOt

"The submission to those who are greater is alsoreflected
in granting the first share of the kill," the Theurge said. "But
this is where we can ‘see their wisdom most clearly displayed.
Are those we honor judicious inchow much meat they take?
Do they see where the need is greatest and give to those who

are weak and hungry, so the pack thrives? To put it bluntly,

a good leader is not muich fatter than his sept. Yes, he may eat
rst, but he should not devour all that is available,-lest the
ders who are tired and the young who are slow starve because
f greed. It's a good rule by which to judge the quality of those
ho lead, young Lawgiver."

Shell Nox Cat fle FAL of Fl fupecaps

"Speaking of food, I guess we don't need to réll you not
to go around eating Humans," Natesa' said, with a raised
eyebrow. Ellen shuddered.

"No; we should never do this. It reminds meé too much
totem, Wendigo. Maybe it happened
ge."

: ‘ishka. "What, you mean
ecs and others in Mesoamerica? I rernember
t blood sacrifices and dark death rituals, but Pm
out the whole flesh-eating part."

Vm afraid it's true," answered Natesa. "Now,
before you recoil in -horror, don't judge them. with your
modern sensibilities. The Aztecs,-among others, were a
iety of warriors..Some people think the sacrifices and
reoccupation with death were a means of keeping order
and controlling the population..Others maintain that drink-
ing blood was away toconsume protein. Buta bit of Uktena
legend has ict that by eating flesh, one could capture the
memories of the dead in dreams. >» Pretty potent medicine, if
you ask me.' * .

Erishka thought it over a moment. "Hmmse I wonder if
there are some of us who still partake of this practice. And
don't dare tell anyone?"

Natesa's white eye seemed t6 glitmmer. "Well, they sure
as hell aren't saying anything about it if they do."

sepeette Voie
GER ZES Se COP

Josh coughed. "As far as respecting those who are
beneath you, this is just the-flip side of giving respect to
elders. Because you're a Lawgiver, you'll probably be a pack
leader, or maybe even asept leader someday, Erishka. When
that happens, don't forget to listen to your less-experienced
brothers and sisters: You're the one who ultimately has to
make decisions for the good of everyone, but -you'd be
surprised how much those of lesser rank can contribute."

Chapter Two: Feathered Dances, Hidden Hearts 45

——————————————_ TY CNT

4
4


"Respect isfi't just something for werewolves, either,"
Natesa added..""You should also value anirials-and spirits
who may be lesser beings. That goes for times that you kill
prey or ask for guidance."

"Respect for Kin goes a long way, too," said Ellen. "We
cannot accomplish nearly as much in the world of humans
without their input, and only foolish Changers, like some of
the Wyrmcomers, devalue their Kin."

Tha Cail Stall Not Fz Life

"Still," the Crescent Moon continued, "I disapprove of
telling Kin too much. The Veil exists for a reason, and thi
is doubly true for humans. Even those of the Pure Ones wh:
have the capacity to believe and understand many thin;
shouldn't be overly burdened by our troubles. Keeping tl
Veil intact is one of the many great secrets we hold."

"Tim mot'so sure about that," the Ahroun said slow]
think there are a burich of wise and worthy humans amo:
the People that would gladly join our fight, if they could."

Natesa's voice dropped to a whisper. "That reminds m
ofsomething I've kept for the right time to tell. The Child
of Gaia havearitual to dothis. They can liftthe Veil and br
in humans as if they were Kin." :

"What?" yelped Ellen. "You mean they turn human
into Kin?"

The Trickster shrugged.
it works, but at the least, thi
in our war form. It would make ma
wouldn't it?"

Ellen bit her lip. "It is both a blessinganda
used this ‘ritual wisely, then it could be a wonder'
werewolves... But if they performed it without forethough
can imagine few harsher curses. Perhaps we should inves
gate further?" she asked Josh.

The big Warrior nodded. "Absolutely: As s6on as
can."

Erishka started to ask where in the world the No Moon
had learned this information then decided she didn't wan
to know that badly.

La Not Sify CO Fy Feo
fo Tend LE we

Ellen turned the conversation away from the Veil as
quickly as she could. "Elders among both Changers and Kin
have great value and honoramong us, yet there comes atime
in everyone's life when they can no longer contribute. At
this time, the elder usually undertakes a final quest or battle
inspired by visions and dreams, knowing he will not return.
We respect him for knowing that it weakens the tribe to
have to tend those who are sick and frail."

"Well, it's sort ofa mixed blessing," muttered Natesa. "I
mean, those who are eldest know more than most of us
younger ones put together. And yet, they're expected to go
off and die alone.' That seems kind of cruel."

46 Uktena

LEE Ts ET tiie 7a

"You misunderstand," the Theurge contradicted. "Most
times, it's only when the burden of their sickness outweighs
the wisdom they give that the elders leave us. As longas they
can offer something, yes, they stay. But it's much better for
them to go when their minds and bodies are so infirm, they
cannot share their knowledge and experience: Even some
humans realize that it's better to die than endure a-tortured
life."

V Be "eager Chay Fe Pelingey
Aeader Altgy

Any Sime Paring Face,
Nes ee Chattenged During lUnftiree

"As the pack's No Moon, it's my part to keep Josh here
on his toes," grinned Natesa. "But there's a right time anda
wrong time to do this, just like the way we tell our stories. It's
»lain stupid to harass a leader or challenge him in the midst
war. He or she needs all the energy and wisdom possible
and the pack's job is to support him, usually without
on: But in peace, some leaders have a tendency to get
x... though I've never known Josh to do that," she added
ickly. "Still, in the quiet times, giving challenge makes a
eader better. If they are victorious, they know they're in
eir rightful place and can gain confidence.-If they lose,
that's sort of the ‘law of the jungle,' if you will.-The
erewolf needs. to lead, that's
-rely the best way to assure
as ar S ey can be."
those army people need you to write their ads,"
d."But yes, lagree with you. If 'm not worthy to
I'm too stupid to seé it, then it's my packmates'
ake things clear."

te Shall Gake No AAcfsor: Flat CAWSAL a
Jnerts fo le Udoxafed

"The Litany is quite Specific about protecting caerns,"
explained Ellen. "And we take the words seriously. Even
hough we are collectors of secrets, by no action or inaction
do we ever cause the violation of a caern."

"You're probably wondering why we're alittle edgy
about this law," Natesa chiméd in! "It's because so many of
our caerns were taken or violated by the Wyrmcomers. So
we're more protective than ever of them today."

"What you say is true, Natesa; but you've left a bit of
something out," muttered Josh. "The thing is, many of our
caerns are built right on top of, well, places that shouldn't be
broken."

"I don't understarid.. What's under the caerns?" their
guest asked.

Ellen gave a long sigh. "Since our pack leader brought
it up, I will speak of it. Long ago; we Uktena took on the task
of capturing and imprisoning powerful spirits. Some were of
Grandfather Serpent, others of Grandmother Smoke and
Grandfather Spider..A: few of the most terrible ones were
even bred from two of the Grandfathers.. Our ‘ancestors
gained much accord from capturing and binding these awful


cteatures deep into the bowels of the earth. What better
place to hide them than under our caerns? These were sacred
places always under watch and guard, where protectors
would give their lives before surrendering the caern's se-
crets. All went well until the arrival of the Wyrmcomers.
When we lost our caerns, we dared nor tell the thieves just
what they had stolen. Was this wise? I can't say. So the end
of the tale is that more than a few caerns that were once
Uktena now belong to the others, who are without a clue.
They have no idea what lurks beneath. And if we were to tell
them...."

"Then they'd think the worse of us," finished Erishka,
remeinbering what Wind-in-the-Spruce had said. "We'd be
named servants of the Wyrm or Gaia knows what."

"Yes... That-is-what I fear." The Theurge's eyes were
bright with concern. ;

Sick Knonsedge lUberever Yoo hay

‘Which sort of rourids off this conversation," Josh said,
stifling a-tired yawn.."The heart of being Uktena is the
collection of knowledge. This is something all of us do, no
matter what moon we serve. But you," he pointed at the
Philodox; "have a heavy burden in this. Our Lawgivers are
in large part responsible for deciding how to use what we've
collected and learned. And with the help of our Medicine
Folk and all the others, it's your responsibility to lead the
tribe and decide where we should keep looking for new
knowledge. As a Warrior and a pack leader I know some-
times it's hard to make those decisions. Shoot, I love life just
as much as the next guy and I don't want to throw away my
last breath for rio good reason. Buta leader often has to make
those judgment calls, to go into Grandfather Serpent's den
knowing not everyone in the pack will come out alive, if the
stories hidden: there are worth something to our tribe asa
whole." Ellen gave him a wan smile, and Natesa- nodded
approvingly.

"That's why he's pack leader," the metis joked. "He's no
Songkeeper, but he has a real way with words sometimes."
The door burst open then, accompanied by a loud exclama-
tion of distress..."

"Didn't lclearly tell you burich to get some rest?" fussed
Rosie. "Now shush up and sleep! Geez!"

Even Josh had the good manners to look a bit shéepish,
and Erishka smothered a grin.as she covered up with athick
wool blanket and caught some shuteye.

ved!

Erishka didn't liké the boat, not one damn bit. They'd
gotten cut-rate passage on a freighter bound for Honolulu,
in exchange for doing some cooking and cleaning. One of
the sailors, friendlier than the others; rold her that'a lot of
"college kids" did that to explore the world on the cheap
side. Jolon seemed unusually content; he liked t6 watch for
dolphins and whales while sitting on the prow. The -only
thing keeping up his companion's spirits was her desire tro see

the islands and meet the Garou there. Erishka had had no
idea that werewolves would live on Hawai'i, but apparently
they'd been there for some time:

Erishka's Notebook:

I miss the desert. I loved being part of the pack, everi for just
a few days, and it makes me even more eager to finish all this
traveling and get home to find a pack of my own to join. I feelmy
place is with my people, not escorting Jolon around to do whatever
business it is he's got to finish. Now we're on sorne damn boat,
dowm in steerage, and if it wasn't for some herbs Rosie gave me,
I guess I'd be upchucking about now. I am looking forward to
seeing the islands, but that's about the only thing going well now.
Jolon keeps to himself more than ever, and he didn't say much
about his visit with the Arizona Kinfolk, just gave me a sly smile
when I asked him if they got along. I kind of think they didn't,
because a few of them looked sort of fearful when we left. Or
maybe I read them wrong?

Kakai introduced herself asa No Moon to both Erishka
and Jolon when they arrived on Kauai. The rest of her pack
had been polite,. welcoming them. with the traditional
human greeting of aloha, but clearly, it was the Ragabash
who'd been given the duty of caring for the two guests. So
she showed them to a grass hut in the shadow of thick palm
trees and laid our some pupu snacks for therm..Erishka
couldn't help staring at Kakai; she was possibly the most
stunning creature the younger werewolf had ever seen. Her
body-was lean and strong, tanned from the sun,-and long
black hair woven with bright flowers flowed down her back.
The No Moon wore a green gown she called a muumuu,
along with delicate necklaces strung with beads and flowers.
As they entered the hut, she placed similar leis over their
heads in'a gesture of welcome. Erishka noticed that the
Kinfolk's lei had different shells than her own; though they
were still quite pretty, glittering in rainbow colors.

"Have you ever been to Hawai'i?" Kakai asked.

"Many years ago," replied Jolon, as Erishka shook her
head no, "and it is evem more beautiful than I remember.

"Your people seem to have a great deal of harmony here."

"We probably have some-different customs than do the
mainland Uktena, but like many of you, we live asa family.
The old word was chana, and some of us call our'sept by this
name today. I've been a Scout for most of my life, and ve
traveled to a°'nuimber of sacred places around the world,
including the mainland."

"Really?" asked Erishka; fingering the tiny shells of her
lei. "Did you like it there?"

"It was colder than I'm used to," Kakai smiled, "but yes,
l saw many things that impressed me. And yet, the land
spoke of sadness, too. Like these islands, it's become op-
pressed by outsiders who have no harmony within them."

"ypu
"One of my happiest moments was meeting thosé of

Uktena's family who were born as wolves. Obviously, we
don't have many lupus on Hawai'i, and for a few seasons, I

ChAapter Twro: Feathered Dances; Hidden Hearts 47

OE TT NS

4

Ec
of chang urges ‘kala, forgiveness, but it's difficult for me to
truly excuse what was done to the lupus and their Kin in the
name of colonization."

Vi er

"Did you grow up-on a reservation?" she asked Brishka.
"Well, not exactly," responded the girl. "My mother
was Uktena, a Choctaw; but 1 don't remember her.-I stayed
with my father who lived in town: My grandmother brought
me to the reservation when I Changed."
"Ah. Then your werewolf blood was a surprise to "

The No Moon nay: drew in the sand floor as éshe talked,
a pattern of squiggles on waves. "I've been to some of those
reservations; life there is hard. But for one destined to becorne
a werewolf, there are a few advantages. First, they? e better
thinkers. What.I mean is that they're more willing to accept
ideas that are between two worlds, that of flesh and of spirit.
Not everything has to be concrete; as it is for the haole: The
reservation life does offer them and their human-cousins one
other thing, and that's the shared experience ‘of being an
outsider, astranger in their own land. Many native Hawai. ians
are beginning to understand that as well

cultures, " the Philodox mused. "T mean, I see people here in
the islands who are Chinese, Japanese, Korean, you name

"Oh, yes!" said Kakai. "We've welcomed them over the
centuries, for various reasons. But most came in peace. Not
all, of course, but I daresay they didn't have the intention of
turning the islands into a source of cheap profits. Anyway,
that's something else about the Uktrena.-Over the years,
we'vetaken a lot of different ethnic groups as Kin -— for good
reason. We'd have probably died out if we were as picky as,
say, the Wendigo."

Saft

Jolon spoke then, and both the women jumped, almost
as if they'd forgotten-he was there. "And what does the
Uktena law say about the metis?" he asked. "Just curious. 1
figured as Kin, I ought to know something about mating
habits."

Erishka sensed that Kakai was a bit flustered, but the
Ragabash recovered quickly. "I have heard in my travels that
metis are becoming more common among us, despite the

48 Ukfena

OLE Te LT EY A Ss A

interesting thought. Corkidering thet eo eled paths of the
three Grandfathers, it does make a certain artiount of sense."

Jolor: nodded. politely. "Thank. you,
informative." Kakai nodded back, stared at
then looked away. :

"One other thing 1 should me sppion; and thatis the story
of the so-called perfect metis," said Kakai in a quiet tone.
"Many tales have been passed along that near the time we
firstsaw Anthelios, a metis cub withno deformities was born
totwo metis." She shook her head. "Strange times we live in:
Some Garou think this is yet another sign of the Apoca-
lypse. Others say the-young perfect metis is a sign of hope.
There's no way to-know, of course, until time passes and
events run-the course they must."

NIjoc0n Fries

By this time, the sun had set in the west, sendinga warm
scarlet glow tinged with purple and amber across the water
near the hut. Erishka noriced that a narrow stream flowed
into the ocean, and she delighted in-trotting over on. four
legs to take a long drink from the water. It was cool, but not
cold, yet it was some of the sweetest liquid she'd ever tasted.
After a moment, her ears picked up the soft sound of bare
feet on sand, and Kakai sat down beside her.

"Your Kinfolk is an interesting fellow," the No Moon
said. "Where did you find him?"

Erishka'Strerched until her, form matched that of the
take "Oh, he's someone my ‘grandmiéther asked mé to

drop. ee a
: aS ay so? Well, it's a singular privilege


we speak every day." She laughed. "It's a No Moon's para-
dise. For an auspice who loves double talk, mind games and
clever tricks to find out what people know, these new
tongues are a gift from Luna."

"T thought you Ragabash were questioners who pro-
voked the pack leaders and such;" Erigh said, thinking of
Natesa and Josh.

"That's part of our job;
keeping of secrets," €
is that the Tricksté
our lives: Think

and so is the collection and
akai. "But the bigger picture
ing to make renewal part of
ke Tadpole and Carerpillar-
cept, and we're here to make sure
kept, life never becomes stale and

tion the Warriors, what do..." the
akai- cut her off.

ors? What do you'mean?"

hat you provoke the pack leaders,
*replied Erishka.

asound of waves lapping on the
loi were always the pack leaders?
Wyrmcomer tribes, burnot
cent Moons who are the real
o, but behind every
strong Full Mooni'is a wise Shany wipularing events.
‘They're the ones who know the genuine truths behind the
secrets that others collect. They share what's needed and
keep the rest to themselves. It's a- heavy burden being a
Crescent Moon of the Uktrena, make no mistake. If they
speak too much, they send others to theirdoom. Ifthey don't
say enough, then who knows what could be lost. Fortu-
nately, they have your kind, the Half Moons, to help them."

FY oaOX

"The Lawgivers ared
only do they 4

shore. "Who told yo
Maybe that's true in
the Uktena.In fact, it's

connections be-
oing, Erishka. You've
ds of Uktena, and each place
anew pack orsept. We Uktena
n-the days to comé, we won'tr
ry with us. Since we're so spread

nds are worth much," said Kakai,

ionship with the Creséent Moons.
said, isheavy. Many times they'll
s ajudge, you can aid them in
sbe spoken, and how gathered
the pack's acrions..A burden
for both who carry it.'

1 a Sood listener," Erishka

Catare
Kakai rolled
her hands. "Pt

whatever i

he :
a reason for being told..Maybe it's
son a secret. Perhaps it's to cheer
lonely.-But a-Songkeeper never
Most of the ones 've met under-
ecial and powerful. To let them
: u should mind anything

hind their talk.'

trcyvs

"And last are the Full Moons, the Warridrs, or as we call
them, the Alvi." Kakai fell silent a long moment. "This isa
hard one," she muttered. "I guess I can describe them as
fearless, like most Warriors: But the Ukrena Ahroun are
more than that. Theyre lating and ruthless. Oh,
itmay not show,
other tribes
spirit

eto plan an assault ag:
etails and perhaps some

that mean?! After all her quest thoug. ht Kakai rnight sort of
be interested in getting to know Jolon better, even if he was bornon
the mainland. But I -don't think anything physical happened
between them. Still, he must have said something to her, because
I could've sworn she had tears in her eyes when we said goodbye.

Lue SlIE CaP
ane » Yogly

‘The land itself seemed hot and sweaty. Unlike Kauai, the
border sept near the Great River didn't haveacool breeze and
sweet waters. Erishka didn't expect creature comforts, but she
found herself more homesick than ever. When they'darrived,
in the back of a fruit truck, afew kids had come out to meet

Chapter Two: Feathered Dances, Hidden tlearts 49

Sy es NT

=|
4

them, laughing and singing.-They'd been led to a block and
mortar house, and there a middle-aged woman with graying
hair and a worn face had been shaping clay into pots. Jolon sat
in the corner, quietly while Erishka watched. The woman
never said anything to her, so finally, tired of the silence, the
girl asked what she was doing.

"3Por qué-debo decirle lo que quiere saber?" their host
answered, without looking up from her work. Erishka didn't
know what to say; she recognized that the language was
probably Spanish, but she had no clue what it meant.

"I don't understand," the Half Moon replied. "I don't
speak your language."

"3sINo -comprende? Creo -que quiere decir que no sabe:
Comprender es algo bien distinto que saber. Se puede tener eluno
sin' el otro,.pero sdélo al combinar los dos es posible lograr la
perspicacia de verdad."

Erishka felt her fists clenching. "Come on, dammit,
we're both Garou: Tell me what you mean!"

The woman gave her a hard look; then pushéd a'pile
of clay towards her. "I thought you were a Lawgiver, like
meé.. How do you expect to be a jiidge when you can't
understand the stories people tell?" Rebuked; Erishka felt
her cheeks flush.

"Pr-sorry. 1 didn't mean to be rude: 1 just-. it's difficult
to communicate when we speak in two different languages."

"Well, that's the best observation you've made since you
arrived," the woman replied ina mocking tone with a deep

SO Ukfena

/ aii ei 7

"Texas twarig now that she spoke English."I'm called Rocio
Parts-the-Water. Who're you?"

"lm, I'm Erishka Derr: This is oné of my Kin; Jolon."
She motionéd to her companion watching from the corner,
who gave a nod to Rocio.

"Right," said the woman, with a@ hard stare at Jolon:
"Well, you're both welcome anyhow. Didn'texpect you, but
that's okay.. What can I help you with?"

"TY thirik Jolon has' some-business here," Erishka an-
swered. "I'm just the escort."

"Actually," said the Kinfolk, "I was supposed to bring
you here and let Rocio tell you stories about the Uktena.
You've heard many already, and maybe we should've come
here first... But I'm sure she's got some tales -you ‘haven't
heard."

"Grandmother's doing?" Erishka asked.

"Something like that," nédded her traveling companion.

"Eimimm," answered Rocio. "How much do you know
about where the Wktena live? Have you met a bunch of us
already?"

"Some," the girl admitted, "but 1 don't have a clear idea
of the big picture, so to speak."

"Okay. Let's start iri your home and mine. I'm no Moon
Dancer, but ve traveled a fair bit in my time. Oh, and while
Italk,-you try your hand at pinching some pots," grinned the
Half Moon. "My wrists can use a-rest."


S fe Cbptfed Seager

"ma border child, at home and a stranger in both the
States and Mexico. But let's look at the U.S. first. Once, the
Uktena roamed in a wide range, almost coast to coast. Their
favorite settlements were in the desert Sourhwest and along
the coasts of the Gulf. Some -moved into the temperate
Southeast after the death of Middle Brother. As Wyrmbringers
and Wyrmcomers pushed us aside, our territories became split
and scattered. Nowadays, odd as it may seem, Uktena are
almost everywhere, though in small numbers. Our strongest
caerns, though, remain in the Appalachians, the rural deep
South, along the Mexican border and among some of the large
reservations in the Southwest. We've let the Wendigo and
Red Talons roam much of the Pacific Northwest and the
Plains, though you'll find us mixing and mingling there often
enough. And there're-a' couple of islands we fancy, too,
including Hawai'i and the Sea Islands of the Georgia coast.
Our Kin live in these places, so we do, too."

"We just came from Kauai," Erishka explained, as her
hands tried to shape a squat pot..""Though Uktrena may not
be ‘native' there, they've certainly formed strong bonds with
the Kin they chose from there." Rocio gave her a-néd of
approval.

fjegcr

"The homeland of my mothers, Mexico, has along and
detailed history, which ll keep short," continued the Half
Moon. "Suffice it to say, this land became a battleground,
not only between werewolves of the Old World and the
New, but also between the Garou and the Fera."

"Fera?" asked Erishkae"Uve heard them mentioned a
few times. Who are they,-exactly?"

Rocio shrugged. "The other Changers. ‘The ones spécifi-
cally in Mexico were the Balam, the werejaguars. Beautiful
creatures, but a bit feisty. Anyway, Uktena did have relations
with many of the great civilizations of Mexico and Central
America, such as the Toltecs, Mayaris and Aztecs. We took
some Kin from those peoples, but it all changed with the
coming of Cortes'and the. Wyrmbringers. Thereafter, these
lands were long subject to the whims of the Europeans, and
even after they left, it's remained a troubled country full of
greedy politicians and both witting and unwitting agents of the
Weaver. There is much wonder and beauty here, andnotelling
what kinds of secret places and hidden artifacts. But we've got
no toehold, really, and those Balam carry a long grudge from
the War of Rage. Deserved, I reckon. What Uktrena do live in
Mexico tend to stay in the highlands, away from the cities."

Catada

"Way up north, in Cariada, is out of our turf. That's the
land of Little Brother; and we respect his territory: In the
past,-some of our Kin mingled with. theirs,.so-you.may
occasionally find a rare Uktena born there among the
Wendigo. But chances are, he'll grow up among Little
Brother and his Kin, and we won't know anything about it."

Seugtt Dnertca

"The numbets of Uktrena dwindle sharply as you go further
south through Central America to South America," Rocio
continued. "I've been there a few times, and as you might
expect, it's a place of incredible beauty. But again, you've got
lots of Fera there still angered by the War of Rage..Some
Uktena, especially those with ties to the U'wa of Colombia,
have joined what's been-called the Amazon War, an all-out
offensive against the forces of Wyrm and Weaver thar've
almost destroyed the rain forests. Nice place to make aname for
yourself, if you ever get an urge to try out your claws."

From Erishka's Notebook:

Reading through some of my dad's books, I came across a
reference to a Central American creature called the Onza by the
Spanish, and cuitlamiztli (wolf cat) by the Aztecs. It supposedly
looked like'a puma with wolfish legs and longer, poirited ears , but
it was more aggressive... The book suggested it was a remnant of
acheetah species that lived in the Americas back in the Pleistocene
Era..Several were killed in the 1900's, but the specirnens have
been lost -or stolen: 1 asked Tide-Borne if they might be a
crossbreeding of Garou and some other Fera, buthe said that was
impossible, and he'd never heard anything about Mexican chee-
tahs anyway. 1 need to remember to ask some western Uktena
about it when I get back over that way.

Arron

"Oh, how I'd love to go to Africa! Can you imagine seeing
the ruins of cities like Great Zimbabwe? MuchofCentral, West
and East Africa are the ancestral homelands of some of our Kin.
Still, ie's not a place where Ukrena would be overly welcome.
There are numerous Fera there, and it's also the traditional
homeland of the Silent Striders. Our relations are quite good
with that tribe, and now they' ve even established a strong peace
accord in Africa called the Ahadi..But until they get all the
kinks worked out; PIL hold back on my visit."

4 7.

"Hmmm, let's see, what have we not covered...? Oh, I
didn't mean to forget about Asia; especially not Siberia. It's
part of Russia, true, but rhe Siberian Uktena are much more
like us than those flighry Silver Fangs. We've got some very
important caerns there, and for many years, the Uktena kept
to themselves. But as of late, they've actually flirted with the
idea of maybe mending their fences with the other Russian
werewolves. And I guess I need to tell you'a secret, since it's
sort of a tradition for me toshare one as part of my teaching.
At least one of those mighty caerns cages an ancient Bane.
Yep, it's buried deep~beneath- the caern's heart,.and I
imagine they keep the lid on real tight. Don't go blabbing
that to anyone else, but you file it away for safekeeping."

Carcre

Erishka finished shaping arathersad-looking pot, burat
least its sides were even. "Not bad," said Rocio, "especially
for a first-try. You'll do better .on your next one," she

Chapter Two: Feathered Dances, Hidden Hearts S51

Ny ae ES LY NS


explained, tossing the pot back into the clay mound, and
giving her pupil another slab to work with.

"Pm afraid I can't say too much about Europe. Never been
there, ‘cause it's Weaver Land if you ask me. Too many cities,
too many trains and jam-packed with people. But I know other
Uktena have gone there, and they've found a decent welcome
for the most part. It's certainly a good place fora Moon Dancer
to collect stories and lore. I guess you already know, that when
we Uktena get curious about something, we're bound to pursue
it wherever the trail leads: Maybe in the coming years, that'll be
a reason for more of us to get over to Europe and see what kind
of trouble we can find."

Aifrvflia

"So where do you travel next?" asked Rocio. "I get the
sense you two've been on the road for a while now."

To Erishka's surprise, Jolon answered. "Yes, the journey
has been Jong. I'm to take Erishka' to Australia, then our
travel is over."

"Well, in that case, let me talk a bit about what you might
firid," responded their host. "Australia is a sad place. I say that
because it had so much wonder for the Uktena, at least at first.
The native peoples, the aborigines, had.a close relationship
with the Australian. werewolves' called Bunyip... These
werewolves also managed, by some lost rite, I suppose, tose the
native marsupial ‘wolves' known as thylacines as Kinfolk. They
weren't wolves like we've got here, but hey, they wére still Kin.
I reckon: you.can guess-what happened. Wyrmcormers and
Wyrmbringers showed up. They harassed the human Kin of the
Bunyip, murdered their wolf Kin and then started taking
caerns. But it gets worse.-Australia was the site of the War of
Tears, where by trickery and deceit, we killed off the Bunyip.
Yes, | meant to say we.. ve heard tell the Uktena tried to stop
the killing, but to no avail, so we're guilty, too." Rocio dropped
her head to her chest; seeming to stifle a moan of pain.

"We've got at least one well-known sept there," she
continued after a long pause. "It's called the Sept of the
Waking Dream,-and I know they've got representatives in
the big council of all the werewolves in Australia. But I don't
think much is getting accomplished. Maybe when youcome
back here, you can give me an update." Rocio pounded the
clay a few minutes, then gave a quick nod to Erishka's latest

pinchpot: Rather than throwing the clay back imto her -

stash, she set the pot aside to be fired.

She Chri

"You didn't ask me about it specifically, -but I think
there's one more place I should mention," Rociosaid, doling
out more clay. "That's the Spirit Lands, the Umbra. If you
know about the Skywalkers,-you've probably heard they
have a lot of shindigs there. If you can find it, the Uktena
homeland is a place of rare beauty, a microcosm of Earth
itself, with a mixture of forests,-rocky mountains, rolling
hills and even desert. Water is predominant, in streams,
rivers and lakes. And when the crescent moon rises, youll

52 VUkfena

OLE LL LT iT SE EE

find that a lot of Uktenaseem drawn to the Umbra, as that's
the time when the moon paths are at their trickiest.It's a
good time to send a cub ona Rite of Passage or a challenge
because they'll have to use their wits for sure to get back
home. [heard tell that one of the Uktena questing packs had
taken a special interest in the Croatan home realm, which
is now a lonely stretch of chilly plains and fir forests. [don't
think Middle Brother can ever return to us, but I think it's
tight.co honor him by revering his homeland."

Erishka's Notebook:

I didn't like Rocto much at first; she seémed like a bad-
ternpered hick: But I grew to respect her, and I was sorry when
we left the day after we arrived. During the night, she took me to
see her aunt, a withered old wornan who was Kin, I think. She
pulled out four cards decorated with pictures and symbols, and
told my fortune. First was Judgment, with a set of gray scales
beneath tall orange cliffs. She told me that my entire journey, I
had walked alone.-Next was the Hermit, .a-dark-skinned man
painted with glyphs of red and black, who the aunt said would
show mea path to deep waters. Third was the Moon, bright inan
indigo sky; she said this porterided transformation and change
from the water. And last was the Star, glittering above a sea of
aqua green. This, said the aunt, meant that if I lived, I would be
awise keeper of secrets. She sounded hopeful, but I only gave my
thanks, and said no more.

I'm so tired. I feel scattered and strétched, like I have no
sense of place anymore. If Australia is our last stop; I'll be
relieved. I get the sense Jolon is holding something back, like
maybe wie' ve got somewhere else to go, and he doesn't want to tell
me. As we've traveled, I'd hoped we become friends ,.but he's
gottén more and more withdrawn and preoccupied. This tripisn't
what I expected.

Prenat ava F Caf

Erishka sat beside Adoni and watched in silence as hé
poked his fire with a stick. The darkness of the Outback
swallowed them up: It wasso murky, she couldn't even see
the high cliffs that surrounded the caern. Other werewolves

circled at arespectful'distancéeé; o¢casionally breaking into a ~

howl of song at the crescent moon. Some instinct told her
that this was no ordinary Shaman, but awerewolf of great
power and rank, perhaps more than anyone she'd met. Jolon
treated him with the utmost respect, and the Shaman had
responded in kind. The Half Moon couldn't be sure, but he
looked alot like the Hermit she'd seen on the tarot card in
Mexico. It both unnerved and puzzled her..So she'd let her
clothes fall to the ground and willingly allowed the Shaman
to paint various symbols on her arms and legs..The paint

looked like some kind of ochre, but the smell was intoxicat-~

ing. Her head swam a bit as the fire smoked and crackled.

The sensation was sort of like stepping sideways, yet the
farniliar coolness of the transition didn't touch her skin..In-
stead, Erishka felt as if she were falling into open air, the saine
feeling one had when half asleep, then jerked awake. Adoni
spoke, and she used his voice as an anchortokeep herselfsteady.


VP CFO

"Daughter of the Rainbow, Child of Uktena, you have
come to where past, present and future are one. Before you
leave the land, you will live and die. Turkey's feathers set you
on your journey, but hedid no e within these lands where
spirits are angry and haunted aplace of law, where your
two souls can be as one. Tha: rd the rales of your travels,
even. if you have not-sp loud: Only a few stories
remain tobetoldtoy lamhere. Asallthings
are connected, lan tis my place to show
you the ties that bi differerices you will
come to kno the threads passing
between and Mother."

Lach Fiprs

"The children of egas

: etre mot all conquerors. Many
came in friendship, partic y to our women and our young.
They have a strong bond Grandmother Smoke as well as
the humans who are also of Gaia: The Furies must learn to guard
against their anger, lest devour them. They have never
trusted us with their secréts, and we have not asked them for
what they will not give. Most wilh be glad to have your counsel,
if you offer it as a woman. ro 2

CSO CCMTELEPL

ris

Wyld, when their
few still prefer the
ones who will su

PLC Of
"The hearts

and most truly wis
as Gaia Hersel:

has fallen into darkness because of their unguarded minds."

Pao

"Though many would dig

1some ways the Fianna
rena themselves. Here
ries, song and dance, as
. imme of legends,
: act before they
he worst of them are greedy, short

area people who love th
we do. They have great
and thus we share com

sighted and selfish..Th
stole caerns and destroy
pity we cannot teach Strag's
and restraint."

et Of Ferrie

"They are
have ever seen.
strength of arms. eir fatal flaw; they do not
appreciate patience and wisdom. Too often, their vision has

CAapter Two: Feathered Dances, Hidden Hearts 53

ES

ae

trough a haze of blood and
learn that a whisper can

pride. They used the Weaver's tools agai
them partially responsible for the corrup
Lands. They can be valuable allies, bur I w
about giving them your full. we

kad Savor

"We Uktena t
a waning link .t
brothers and
Little Broth

4 are greedy for power arid wealth,.and even
as this world ‘dies, that is all they will remember."

SC pf SIABEPL

ong have we called Owl's sons and daughters our

one thing ait the Striders, and tha

spirits that haunt their footsteps. This is some great secret
they hold, and perhaps we would be prudent to discover it.'

order t6 work with the Silver Fangs against greater enemies.
Perhaps a time is coming soon when their governance will
meet with

Cuivre we —

Adoni held cold water to her lips, and Erishka took a
long drink.

"What happened? I feel like I've been. sitting here
forever," she groaned, stretching her aching limbs.

"You have," responded the Theurge, quietly. "You have
been here always and forever. So I thought you might like
some water before we continue." The Half Moon shrugged
in agreement.

"So; that's it for the tribes of the Garou Nation, right?
Who else is lefr?"

He gave her a long, hard chuckle, white teéth flashing
in the moonlight. "Listen on, daughter, and I will tell."

Avectiap

carry the sten
havens of th
purpose. You:
their magic o
you are no
know mor
stance, ho
legends can te
What sort of bl
in this circle of thes
them, they would be eas

PLUS af ated S Daath tas

"Those we name witches. and shamans aré a diverse
group, though the former we generally treat as enemies
while greeting the latter with courtesy..Some of them are
harmless, perhaps even willing to learn from us and our way
of life: A-rare few have even met with the Uktena and shared
their homelands in friendship and respect, with both parties
becoming stronger for the alliance. Others, though, are little
more than pawns of Grandfather Spider, wanting to control
and restrict and bind all in their path. A small mumber serve
Grandfather Serpent and have been granted great power
from him. If meeting one of these witches, you would be wise
to either flee or strike quickly. Sometimes, it is difficult to

|


know the intentions of atiy human magicians, so be Caurious
in your dealings with these creatures."

Nene!

"Beautiful and fragile, thé creatures of dreams are more
tare these days. Even though I have spent my whole life
studying the Dreamtime, as you call it, I cannot be sure
whether or not they actually come from that place or
somewhere else entirely.. They have many names, and their
legends appear in almost every culture on this planet. The
Nunnehi love rhe Wyld, as many of us do, and some among
them have close ties with the Changers, especially the
Fianna. But they usually keep to themselves and their own
devices, Beware of their cunning tricks: Most are harmless;
but some can turn deadly in an instant."

CEACOLSL

"Some Uktrena Kin havea great fear of the dead and the
restless spirits that linger behind, not without cause, 1 might
add. Some are malevolent and.only intend to.cause harm.
These beings can cause disease and afflictions that are
difficult to cure: If you can, quickly banish or bind these
entities where they cannot hurt anyone. Yet also know that
some .restless .Spirits can-offer us protection .or wisdom.
Proceed cautiously. Aid them if youcan, butdo not give your
trust to them in any case."

PLYGOPEPL

"Troubling rumors have reached me that certain mor-
tals seek to kill werewolves for some unknown purpose:
What they ate dcing and why remains a mystery we need to
solve.Is this for some sorcerous rite? If you need a task for

your pack, gathering information.on this new threat would)

be a worthy one.

LO Cel

"Perhaps the saddest tale 1 miust speak is that of the
ones who have been lost tous, through self-sacrifice; blind
ambition or our own narrow vision. First I speak for Middle
Brother, then the others," Adoni continued.

LPO

"They gave their lives. ts

will returii elon the
(Croatan: reappear it

Knowledge « that nce arrive "only in time to die again.'

Suni

"My heart is full of sorrow at the loss of the Bunyip,
and it is a burden and blame all Garou must share: Yet,
troubling rumors have reached this sept of lost Bunyip
spirits wandering the spirit lands, not in the distance, but
close. I myself have felt their anger and wonder how we

; Dancers," the Ss

could aid these loseveitess Theis, rotem, the Rainbow
Serpent, a cousin oF Uktena, has been. saved: Might we
> :

troublingk story as well. a Ye:
skin was stolen from one of the muse

"Once; the Strargazers were a vital part of the Garou
Nation, but fortheir own reasons, they departed and re-
turned to their ancestfal lands in theéast..A few still remain
among our tribes,.but we despair that the.Stargazer's knowl-
edge -as a whole is more elusive thati ever. One-task we
Uktena have taken Gn Surselves' ais he dury of watching

Anthelios and puzzling © out its purpy
once performed." :
"Anthelios," Biche whispered. "The réd star.'
"Ah; you have heard of it. The Eye ofthe Wyrm as sorné
éallit. Even havé'no clear idea of what it portends. Alll can
do is watch and waitfor a sign, as dowmany of our tribe."

ick Shea Parcers and Popsort

*"The lost werewolves once called White Howlers fell to
Gravidfather Serpent longago and now are the Black Spiral
bhaman continued.
Ow mene they are,'

ia duty: the Stargazers

* shuddered the Halt

hd

(ad. "They deserve a , posthumous
ou did well to kill thern as quickly
who-have the power and skill can
take: their weapons ‘and fetishes and study them, so do not
me elders seteelly speek

of tryite it-yourself. Anos peril eSies, fror

Miclelored
humans called fomori. Some are. Spiral Kin w

should strike to kill and only ther: collece what. remains to

be examined by a‘Crescent Moon.

Wer Shgteatijpert

Thé Shaman fell into silence, and they watched the fire
awhile. Jolon had apparently wandered away some time ago.

"I must also mention the other Changers, the Fera,"
Adoni broke the' qt ‘They.ceme dm, many shapes and
sizes, and probably some have lon vanished from the earth.
I will tell you whar.L kno

Still, che Aniecricas. are their hohe ade. Bind they live there
in greatest numbers. The Uktena'g inerally coexist peace-

Chapter Two: Feathered Dances, Hidden Hearts 55

OE  —————

TW


fully with them, sharing our lands and.our fires in brother-

d
Land Ofer

"Flere is one %
has taught us mue!
Her sons and daugh te: rs 2
ally helpful. Still, ‘before you make ; a baresin with her chil-
dren, remember who Grandmother Spider is s typted to."

chatter before getting t
winged ones.'

dragons, which makes them
would like to icsnow if there

the only ones we might call
allies are the Pumonca, wwerecoubais. We were friendly

territory, for Little "Brother hasino patience and little inter-
est -in. riddles... The Balam* make .no distinction between
Uktena andoWyrmcomers,-so they are bést avoided. Like-

strength.is in their greater numbers, so you and yourpack
should be wary of movement in the shadows."

OMe

"Our Pacific tribemates, even some of those on shores
north of here, describe encounters with Shark-People. They
are cold, implacable and relentless. From the little I have
heard, most have no interest in talk and would rather be left
alone.. They may fight for Gaia, but apparently anything
from above the sea is more morsel than friend."

"Werebears, shark people, rat children <— this is all
quite a lot to take in!" Erishka exclaimed. "How many more
can there possibly be?"

"Well, there really is not miuch elsé to-tell," sighed
Adoni. "The Wars of Rage finished off a number of the
Changing Breeds, a great loss.. Oh, wait, | almost forgot —~
there is some talk of werecobras in the Far East, rhough I
have never seen any proof of them or heard any longer tales
of their ways.. Now, if we had some evidence on where to
seek them, naturally many Uktena would risk much to find
them." Erishka stared, open-mouthed,-and the Shaman
grinned. "But that is all for tonight, daughter. Time you
shared my meal and took rest. | know the day has been long."

Adoni pulled some-toasted witchetty grubs from the
fire. A few weeks ago, Erishka might have hesitated, but
now, she took the worm-like grubs gladly, finding they
tasted like meaty nuts.

"So what's next?" asked the girl. "Has Jolon finished his
business here?"

Her companion -dibbled a stick in. the embers. "Not
quite. I believe he has to check out something near dawn
tomorrow. Then, -his task will be done."

L0G

Erishka wanted to keep sleeping when Jolon nudged
her just before sunup..But then she remembered she was
supposed to watch and protect him. If this was his last thing
to settle, she'd better make sure he did it with no hitches.

The pair walked for several hours inthe burning outback
sun. Maybe it- was December back home, but here,.it was

high summer.-Jolon.was red all-over in spite -of his wide-—

brimmed hat. ‘The canteen he brought for them he'd emp-
tied without sparing a drop for the werewolf, -but she said
nothing. At last Jolon made for a-small alley among the
rocky hills. lt was shady there, but the red stone walls still
radiated heat.

The alley endéd suddenly in a large pool, ringed by walls
so high that the sun could only touch the water now, at
midday. Nothing else was there, just the two of themand the
small pool. Jolon knelt by the water's edge, then looked up
at Erishka.She returned the stare despite the fact that the
glare off the Kinfolk's glasses hurt her eyes.

"What now?" she asked, her voice steady but wary. The
silence around them seemed crushing:

"Depends on you," he replied, "on what you'vé learned."
The unassuming,-drifting quality was gone from his face; it
now seemed harder. Hungrier.

56 Ukfena

LEE Le FO, ET ET iene a

|


‘What Pve learned?" She thought a momient, her eyes
narrowed. "I've learned you are no'mere Kinfolk. You wear
the skin of a man, but there is nothing human about you." out towards the desert, she heard the scrape

When did you figure it' out?" He hissed, his: smile and the chuckle of rippling water. She
growing broader. : acing the desert that writhed in the heat; she

"Are you kidding? There were hints from the day I met Ce st hear the groaning of the land, the whisper of
you: I'm not completely ignorant of our tribe, ever mM When minutes passed without sound behind her,
met." She paused, and then bowed her head, "Great One.

"Heh: Not Great One, merelya child of his. You have
sutvived your Rite of Passage. You are fit to be counted one
of Uktena's Wolf-People."

"How many have taken this test?" she asked, cur

"Many," came the answer from Jolon's tc

"And how many survived it?"

t was a deep red, with a white edge sharp enough to cut.
ced the scale in the medicine pouch around. her

what todo," she replied, even as she turned her
hank you for your lessons, Honored One." As

"Some. Tonight, I -go hungry."
against his chest. "Fare well, Walks-With- "Uktona. Yo
go now, or stay. It is your choice."

"Just now

Chapter Two: Feathered Oanees, Hidden Hearts 57

EE SE AN


To speak [about mythic history] promiscuously or
publicly may also be perilous, since its stories often remain
imbued with the powerful forces that originally created the
world and can still destroy it..Sométimes such reticence
actually issues from consideration for the welfare of those

notin the know.

=< Peter Nabokov, A Forest of Time

‘The sons and daughters of Ukrena all havea heavy
burden: to guard against the darkness whilé seeking
knowledge from the shadows. Yet-oné of the great
strengths of the tribe is its ability to adapt to different
ways of thinking. The Uktena cherish their ancient
traditions and heritage even as they ponder new per-
spectives on old problems:

Kena Fok nay

Most culturés have ‘a unique set of beliefs ‘and
ideologies that can be lumped together under the term
folkways. Folkways include morals and mores, spiritual
beliefs and even general habits. While not all Uktena
will have the same folkways, the following should give
players and Storytellers some ideas about the things
that many Uktena hold dear.

ye of fle Fett Per

In times past, most Uktena had the physical fea-
tures of the indigenous peoples of North and South
America; in other words, they usually had ruddy skin

tone and straight black hair. When the Uktena made
the important decision to include other "marginalized"
people in their fold, such as former slaves, the new
blood narurally changed the appearance of a "typical"
Uktena.. Today, Uktena in human form come in all
shapes and sizes; with-skin color ranging from fair to
café au lait to dark chocolate, and hair of every shade
and texture.. What matters more to the tribe than
physical appearance is a werewolfs understanding of
Uktena's blessings... and burdens.

FP tlel CAPPCLIIOPL

Most werewolves born on two legs spend the first 12
to 15.years of their lives immersed in the worid of
humans: In these formative years, society instills values,
prejudices, cultural cues and beliefs. While the (Change
and subsequent indoctrination into Garou life radically
alters those beliefs,. the werewolf still sees the world
through the filter of his old life. This is evident with the
Uktéena as muchas anyones An Uktena who grew up
among Navajo traditionalists may couch her: view of

CAapter T Aree: Deep Waters 59

CE EP LT TN

ae

Gaia in terms of Diné cosmology, whereas a' Creek-
blooded child raised in the city may be a typical Protes-
tant middle-class in his outlook..Most Indian Uktena
will bé somewhere in between. And of course, the
experiences of the "new" blood carvbe similarly mixed,
from Gullah to Gucci-'A shooting star falling in the
north may be an omen of disaster for one Uktena,; while
another may find positive significance depending on his
nation's beliefs; the city-born may just see acool meteor.

Caerns dominatéd by Uktenaof similar background
tend to take on aspects of the local Indian nation..For
example, in the Cherokee-dominated areas of the south-
ern Appalachians, caerns are often laid out according to
the significance of the cardinal directions. The graves of
fallen Garou usually lie on the western side of the bawn
=—the direction of death. Living quarters can be found
in the south or eastern sides whose associations are more
auspicious. Sept leaders wear white while caern warders
often wear red (symbolizing their metaphorical roles of
Peace Chief and War Chief). The physical aspects of
diversity are only part of the story. Differences shaped by
experiences in-arid deserts or humid swamps lend.a
richness and depth to the tribe as a whole — a richness,
the Uktena believe, lacking in tribes that were more
geographically limited in pre-Columbian times. When
searching for the way to defeata spirit, a dozen variations
of an oft-told tale may present a clearer picture than any
one version provides. The ‘story of the argument be-
tween Spearcatcher and Yellow Fur (related in Chapter
One) shows how this diversity can be a hindrance.

Needless to say, other human cultures the Uktena
have welcomed into their fold have similar influences
on behavior. An Uktena from the Sea Islands may
honor the tradition of airing grievances before elders
before bringing them. to a formal moot, much-as-the
Gullah and Geecheé people speak their complaints
before community leaders rather than a formal court.

Avomore common problem is that of social mores;
many of which affect the individual at a fundamental
level. For example,-let's look at kinship. Most Intrud-
ers share a similar system of tracing kinship,.a system
that is not shared by the more traditional Indian
cultures. While some nations aré patrilineal like most
European: cultures; many are matrilineal, following
bloodlines through women rather than men (in some
societies, such as the pre-Columbian Creeks, the fa-
ther isn't considered a blood relative). Clan affiliation
complicates things further.

The differences in kinship rules may séem alien to
the Intruders —— and even between different Indian
societies... To an individual from some Indian nations,
marrying Kinfolk from her own. clan may be just as
abhorrent to her as mating witha sibling would be to

60 Ukfena

OLE Le Ps ET ET A A

a European. The fact that family histories have been
forgotten over the years due to death, assimilation and
indifference makes things -even. more .difficult.: An
arch+traditionalist elder might discourage or even for-
bid the joining of her Kinfolk with an Uktena who
cart recite his family affiliations. Needless to say, such
intricacies confuse the lupus population to no end, and
since most nations have "modernized" their kinship
structure to be more in line with the dominant culture,
hidebound elders find their-opinions in this regard
don't matter much anymore.

Having said all that, remember that no matter what
culture the Uktena: comes from,.no matter how many
Kinfolk he has or how prominent his status and position,
the Change foreverseparates him from his old society. His
pack and his new tribe become.central to his social
outlook, even if that outlook is colored by his old affilia-
tions. He may dislike another nation out of ingrained
habit, but an Uktena from that society is a brother.

A fe Seth Pore

All Garou deal with the spirit world, but no tribe
gives it their undivided attention like the Uktena do.
Uktena-deal with spirits by fair dealings or a respect-
able level of trickery..From the start,.cubs are taught
how to-ingratiate themselves to favored spirits, or at
least how to keep from annoying them. In wilderness
septs, for example; Prayer for the Prey is almost always
taught within. a day or so of arrival.. Those who treat
spirit allies with respect earn the approval of their
elders; those who abuse their spiritual relationships
suffer swift punishment, lest they risk .sullying the
positive spiritual reputation of the tribe as a whole.

Caeérns are often buzzing with spirits, some coming to
watch the goings-on, many there to help by carrying
messages, watching for intruders, or teaching Cifts and
lore. While other tribes may relegate the bulk of spirit
dealings to their Crescent Moons, it is the exceptional

Uktrena who doesn't have some idea of how to handle a"

typical spirirual encounter. An Uktenamay be friendly or
hostile towards a spirit, but she never takes it for granted.

Seed Nivwlert

Uktena believe many numbers have spiritual sig-
nificance. The most important is the number four.
‘There are four principal directions, and the ritemaster
makes sure to invoke the powers of the four before
enacting potent rituals. Four is the number of elemen-
tal forces in the world. Other numbers (especially five,
six, and seven) also hold cosmological significance,
but four crops zip in stories (a hero tries something
three..times before. succeeding -on. the fourth) and
rituals (the ritemaster may repeat certain sacred for-
moulas four times).


To the Uktena, the W/yrmcomers like the sound of
their voices too much. Sometimes they appear to talk so
they don't have to listen to thernselves think. They speak
half-formed thoughts ard half-full ideas; and the Pure
Ones consider this rude at best and dangerous at worst. As
a rule, Uktena don't speak unless they have something
truly worthwhile to say, and even then they may think it
"goes without saying." In a perfect world, there would be
no need for taking back an ill-chosen phrase. A meeting
of Uktena often consists of short, méaning-laden state-
ments separated by long silences as each party considers
what was said, what went unsaid, and what needs to be
said or left unsaid next: This isn't to say there are no brash
Uktena, just that even they know not to mouth off in
front of outsiders..In other words, if you can't keep it to
yourself, at least keep it ir the family.

Naturally, few Garou understand (and fewer ap-
preciate) this method of discussion. They resentfully
attribute the silent treatment to the Uktena reputa-
tion for smugly hoarding secrets. And sometimes, they
might be right —— the more astute tribe members use
the intruder's fear of silence as a way to get more
information. As any good reporter knows, a wordless,
expectant look may force the interviewee to divulge
something he later regrets, simply to fill the void.

Uktena in mixed packs loosen up somewhat ——
after all, the pack is practically family —- but more than
that, some tribe members acquire the knack for the aptly
named "small ralk." They can blather continually about
nothing of consequence, all the while watching reac-
tions and listening intently to what others say. It's anice
way of manipulating conversations and coaxing others
to lower their verbal guard. Elders accept the ploy as
quite useful when dealing with outsiders —~ but they'd
better not try the stunt in council!

J he Need fo por

"What's in that warehouse?" "Who killed the new
council member, and why?" "What spirit can teach me
how to walk up the side of a skyscraper?" "Is that pack
wandering through or squatting, and-do they know
we're here?" Asa tribe, the Uktena consider the only
thing better than a good mystery is solving it. But they
have learned that information gathering is an ongoing
process, not just aresponse to a given question. Listen-
ing to idle conversation, making contacts, doing favors
for minor spirits with no obvious or immediate return
—— one never knows when a stray phrase will make
some puzzle click. And even when.a mystery stands
bold -enough to attract everyone's attention, some-
times the best way to look for clues is to direct your
attention where everyone else isn't looking. So while

See a een ees en ere eee Pee SEs ee

a pack tracks down an obvious mystery, they keep an
eye out for everything around them, for they never
know when a vital clue might turn up in an unlikely
and otherwise insignificant place.

One of the most challenging tasks facing all Uktrena
is deciding what to do with the dangerous knowledge
they collect as a matter of course. This job most often
falls to the Half-Moons and Crescent Moons, but no
auspice is entirely free from the burden.-Most Uktena
know that keeping secrets too long is just as dangerous
as telling too much to the wrong people, even if it
doesn't seem this way to outsiders. So, they often dole
out information in-small parcels, both to protect the
listener and to judge reactions..This unfortunately,
often infuriates members of other tribes and adds to the
Uktena's reputation .as* sneaky, sly -manipulators.
Uktena; on the other hand, see this merely as part of
their duty to Garou society as a whole.

EAKG OIL

Backgrounds provide an ‘interesting way of flesh-
ing out Uktenacharacters: They're useful ina chronicle,

too, particularly if pack members have various Back- '

grounds. Calling in a favor from.a Contact or Kinfolk,
for example, can save the day. The following are some
ideas and suggestions on how to best tailor the various
Backgrounds to an. Uktena character.

Vitel

Uktena .Allies are' most often people who know
better than to ask too many questions about the weird
"quirks" their friend displays from time to time.-They
figure their buddy will tell when the time is right, though
of course any Uktena who reveals her true nature to an
outsider must have -éxtraordinary reasons to .do so.

Often, Uktena maintain Allies that come from within .

their own cultures, whether they live on reservations or
in cities: The Uktena.want Allies: who accept their
friendship without gawking or-asking stupid questions.
Allies might include reservation law officers or politi-
cians, medicine folk or wealthy patrons of the arts.

AT RLELS OPE
It should come as no surprise that many Uktena
keep close ties with their ancestors. Garoudraw strength
and wisdom from those who have gone before. Con-
versely, one who does not honor (or whose actions
bring shame to) her ancestors can expect little help

from them — or from other spirits. She may even lose
standing in the eyes of her living peers.
LOSAIL

In their searches for lost lore; Wkteria connect with
a wide assortment of folks. They actively cultivate
Contacts who éan provide useful information: Favored

Chapter TAree: Deep Waters 61

RR a ———— A SD LE AL

ip

| parwommearer sre mara

Contacts might include anthropologists, museum cura-
tors, musicologists or even radical freedom fighters,
depending on the culture in question. Uktena Contacts
most often appreciate a quid pro quo exchange of infor-
mation, although a monetary bribe is rarely scorned.

Leng ErORL LALOR
Some Uktena dare to gather information where
others fear to tread... from supernatural forces such
as vampires or mages. This can be quite profitable,
but also incredibly risky. An Uktena who has a
supernatural Contact probably tries to keep it hush-
hush for as long as possible, and the Contact herself
isn't going to tell her own kind any details, either.
Considering the nature of the Contact and how
powerful she is, a Storyteller may want to raise the

cost by one dot for this Background.

Fett

Fetishes are more common here than in most other
tribes. As might be expected, Uktena prefer natural
materials for fetishes and talens. Metal is rarely used and
plastic is unheard of. Klaives are practically nonexist-
ent; those they do have are usually recovered in raids
against tainted Garou. Talens and minor (i.e. Level

One) fetishes are commonamong young Uktena. While
such an item is useful, it is also a test of the cliath's
responsibility. A Garou who abuses, loses or doesn't
properly care for a spiritual item doesn't deserve any-
thing more powerful. A cliath with agreater fetish surely
is highly trusted (and under scrutiny) by the sept elders.

Uktena cherish their Kin, both wolf and human.
They enjoy the camaraderie and the sense of family. In
turn, Uktena Kinfolk generally support the sept with
whatever skills and help they can provide. Many join
in the celebrations and dances of the Uktena, and
some are even trusted with vital secrets. It isn't unusual
for an Uktena character to have two or more dots of
this Background.
ferfor

The Uktena have long-standing traditions about
teaching the young; it's not so much about school or
books as it is watching and learning from elders. Thus
the role of mentor to student is almost sacred in its
depth. The bond is a deep one, and most often, not just
one but several elders mentor the Uktena youth. The
player should purchase this Background at four dots ifhe
has asmall group of Mentors, Rank 4 or under; purchase
at a cost of five dots if any of the Mentors are Rank 5.


|

Fre Leese
While a few of the heroic bloodlines have flowed

largely unbroken since the days when legends were
new, in general the mixing of Kinfolk has diluted this
trait. Though not unheard of, Pure Breed is more rare
here than in other tribes.

QOLCOTCESL

Given that the tribe draws its Kinfolk from op-
pressed peoples, many UWktena are impoverished by
modern standards. Material wealth means little com-
pared to strong family and spiritual ties, but ready cash
does have its uses. Of course, there are exceptions, and
some Kin have managed to pull themselves up the social
ladder. Also, many nations have garnered quite a bit of
cash by developing natural resources or running busi-
nesses such as casinos or tourist-related operations.
Rat

In a tribe so closely attuned to the spirit world,
knowing aritual or two is practically a graduation require-
ment fora young Uktena. Minor rites are quite common,
and young tribe members are taught how to appease
spirits before learning how to ask anything of them.

SOfEIH

Uktena tend to seek a spiritual guide soon after
being declared Cliath. It isnot unheard of for a Rite of
Passage to include a vision quest for a totem. For that
matter, a few know at First Change (or even before)
who their totem will be. That said, some Uktena take
a fair bit of time before choosing (or being chosen by)
a spirit. While not highly common, personal totems
are not so rare as in other tribes —~ nor are they looked
upon with quite so much suspicion. While a totem
cements the bonds of a pack, some spirits don't like to
share "their" werewolf with anyone.

The folowing new Abilities are particularly ap-

propriate for Uktena, as they reflect the importance of
cultural traditions to the tribe.

Gatture (Jalert)

"I dunno what he's saying, but he looks pretty ex-
cited," muttered the young Ahroun as he squinted at the
distant Ragabash through fogging binoculars. "He's waving
at us. Why doesn't he just swim the river? Okay, he's
holding up... four fingers. Pointing at his boot? Now he's
waving in a circle... no, a spiral. Pointing behind us.... "

"UIm, what color are his boots?" asked the Theurge as
he stopped wrestling with his backpack.

"Pr, black, why?"

"Run, we've got Black Spirals after us!" Already
loping towards the river, the Crescent Moon called over his

Ser as os ees an ee Ts ae

shoulder, "Remind me to challenge you for alpha when we
get home, you moron."

Many nations had their own gesture languages for
communicating secretly, communicating with the deaf,
or for sacred purposes. Sign languages were also used as
"trade tongues" to facilitate communication between
nations who shared no other common speech. Even
when no codified gesture languages exist between two
strangers, aclever travelercan get his point across with
hand movements, posture and expressive eyes. Even
today, when language barriers are rarely a problem
(since the majority of Uktena speak passable English),
silent communication can be vital, especially when
the W/eaver's tools make eavesdropping so easy. The
Gesture Talent demonstrates a person's ability to geta
point across through the body's motions, or to pick up
on what someone else is trying to express. The Uktena
are one of ahandful of tribes who possess a codifiedsign
language. Hand-Talk, as it is simply known, is bought
as aregular language using the Linguistics Knowledge,
but a high Gesture rating will allow a character to
understand the less esoteric parts of Hand-Talk. In
addition, many packs make their own system of Ges-
tures to communicate silently in the field.

° Novice: Youcan goa little beyond "You, Me,
Up, Down."
ee Practiced: In foreign lands you can find food

and bathrooms with a minimum of fuss.

eee Competent: "Five fomori, around the corner,
with rifles...."
e@eee Expert: When you can make your hands sing

like this, spoken words just get in the way.
eooeee Master: Given time, you bet you could panto-
mime War and Peace.
Possessed by: Travelers, packmates, comedians
Specialties: Patrol signals, trade signs, rude gestures
MET: This Ability allows you to use the Linguistics
gesture when communicating (one hand raised and
prominently making an "L"), save that you may in-
struct those nearby that they hear nothing, and under-
stand less unless they also possess Gesture. Alternately,
you and your pack could just devise your own hand
signals, subject to Storyteller approval.

Swiktalt (Tilers)

Jinking and weaving, Nate dodged every defender who
had broken past his teammates. Perpetual grin firmly in
place, he launched the towa even as the goalkeeper slammed
into him with enough force to make the audience wince. The
ball cracked against the goal post and the local boys cheered.

"Wow, he's good!" exclaimed Martha, anewcomer to
the sept. "Took ahard hit, though. I thought this intertribal
match was just an exhibition."

Chapter Three: Veep Waters 63

a ET

t

"He is good," her older friend replied. "But to these
guys, there'sno such thing as an exhibition. To them, it's war
with rules. Everything' s about prepping for the next rnission,
and toli games are just part of their training régirnen."

In long-ago days, many nations played stickball.
Atits heart, the game is about getting a ball to a goal
while the opposition. uses any means necessary to
prevent this —- earning the game the nickname "little
brother of war." Sometimes chiefs would settle dis-
putes with stickball instead of warfare (which ended up
meaning that instead of dying his warriors would only
suffer a few broken bones) Games sometimes involved
hundreds of players, and goals could be miles distant.
A direct ancestor to lacrosse, stickball ‘is still played
among some southeastern nations. Depending on tribal
variation, players wield one or two sticks to scoop up a
small cloth-and-leather covered rock. It's athletic, and
(again; depending on tribal variation and team incli-
nation) can be pretty violent.

id Novice: You know which'end of the stick(s)
to hold.
se Practiced: You know enough to ask whose

rules today's game uses.

ove Competent: .You've mastered the subtle
differences between an illegal tackle anda
legal "body check."

eeoee

Expert: When the dust settles, you always get
away with the ball.
eeccee Master: You own the field.

Possessed by: Indian athletes and a few wannabe-
Indian athletes:

Specialties: Goalkeeping,.sprints, grabs, throws,
tribal variations.

MET: This Ability may be used in place of Athlet-
ics; Brawl or Melee when engaged in traditional games
of the appropriate nature. Note that no matter what
the situation might be, this Ability can never be used
in combat." -

"Yeah, Dustin, I tried to talk to the old guy about thosé
lights on the mesa. He wouldn't speak -to me, just sat
around like an idiot smoking that damn pipe." The new
arrival shook his head in disgust:

"That's because he was embarrassed to be in the pres-
ence ofa fool. You' ve been here for months and you stilldon't
have a clue,-do you? There's a helluva lot of custom and
etiquette that's flying clear over your head. You're like a lupus
cub at atea party." The older man sighed. "Look, we'll go
back up there tomorrow .-T'll talk to him and you stay in the
car. And bring lunch," he added.."This will take a while."

You-know the traditions' and lore of a native
culture (usually the one you grew up in). This includes

64 Ukfena

OLE Le TT LS A

legends, cosmology, crafts and societal: rules. The cul-
ture can be from wherever the Uktena draw their Kin
sume (Cherokee, Hopi, Gullah, Kikuyu,.or maybe from
the native peoples of Australia or Vietnam. Knowing
how to do things makes it much easier to get along in
traditional society —— and makes the society's elders
more likely to talk with you. Familiarity with custom
and practice also lets you pick up on when things aren't
quite right, socially or spiritually. Finally, a good grasp
of the legends and theirsignificance has allowed Uktrena
to discover clues to ancient evils and lost fetishes; more
than one Theurge has manaped to reverse-engineer a
lost rite through comparing different versions of anold
medicine tale. Depending on the situation and at the
Storyteller's discretion,.Tribal Lore can. be used in
place of Etiquette when dealing withthe givenculture.

° Novice:- When in doubt,-call the old lady
Grandmother. It's polite:
ee Practiced: You know the short version of your

people's history...You.can. grasp -kinship
structure if your tribe follows adifferent standard.

ove Competent: You've ‘studied, you've: listened.
Religion; folklore, how -to address: the tribal
council——<you know something about everything.
eee @

Expert: You -are-invited to speak-at. tribal
councils and anthropology seminars.
eeecee Master: Medicine men listen to your tales to
see if they missed anything.
Possessed by: Anthropologists, reservation dwell-
ers, Half-Moons and Crescent Moons
Specialties: Ritual art, music; life-passage ceremonies

LL

Uktena Gifts often relate to aspécts of water,
discovery and trickery. Uktena ancestor spirits teach
many of these Gifts, and they're generally selfish about
teaching outsiders.

* Strut (Level One) —~ This Gift; taught by a_
crarie- or turkey-spirit, allows a Garou to appear physi-
cally grander and more impressive than he truly is.

System: By takinga turn to strikea pose (puff up the
chest, brandish a weapon while sounding a war-whoop,
and so on) while the player makes a Manipulation +
Intimidation roll (difficulty 6), the werewolf appears to
be bigger, better and more impressive. This can be used
to throw an advancing Black Spiral Dancer offhis stride
ot convince the biker he should find another chick to
flirt with. The effects last forascene, or until the Garou's
impressive appearance is in some way belied (like get-
ting knocked on his tail for instance).

MET: Basic Gift. By making a-suitably impressive
display and making aSocial test (retest Intimidation), the

|


Uktena-can cause their target to think. twice about
interfering with her business. This Gift does not cause a
determined foe to run off screaming or a wary guard to
neglect his duty, but it can easily deter most casual
interest and make it harder for more dedicated foes to
face the Garou. Those affected by this Gift pick another
target or activity unless their interest is truly compel-
ling, and even then they are two Traits down on all tests
against the Garou until they score a victory: Supernatu-
ral foes may cancel this effect with a Willpower Trait.

*® Implacable Grip (Level One) -—— Sometimes,
sheer tenacity gets the job done. With. this Gift, the
Uktena can hang on by claw or bite with a. deathgrip
that is almost impossible to-break..Gila* monster or
alligator-spirits teach this Gift.

System: As per the. Silver Fang Gift: Falcon's
Grasp

© Blending (Level Two) — Intruder legends tell
ofthe uncanny ability ofnative peoples to hide in plain
sight, even only yards away... This Gift allows the user
to blend into the landscape'simply by crouching and
keeping still. It isn't invisibility; -rather, the Garou
draws. the landscape: into himself to-appear ‘to. the
unwary as a natural part of the terrain. This Gift is
especially common among caern- guardians. Any
stealthy spirit, such as chameleon,-teaches this Gift.

System: The Garou stands among terrain features
(trees, thickets, etc) or simply hunkers down and wills
herself to be one with the environment. A searcher
must make a Perception + Alertness roll (difficulty 9)
to recognize the Garou as something more interesting
than.a stump; and the expenditure of a Gnosis point
negates three successes (this includes scent as well as
sight). If the searcher is looking directly away, the
Garou may move slowly in any direction, but even the
slowest movement while in the searcher's field of view
reveals her instantly.

MET: Basic Gift. This Gift is identical -to the
Ragabash Gift: Blissful Ignorance, excépt for two differ-
ences. Due to the Uktena's innate connection to the
wilderness, it may only bé "performed outdoors, in-a
natural environment. However, unlike Blissful Igno-
rance, the Uktena may move ataslow walk and remain
undetected... prévided-all onlookers are looking di-
rectly away;-as a rule of thumb,.if the player can see
more than the back of an. onlooker's head, she can't
move and hope to remain undetected. Talking, fight-
ing, interacting with the environment (such as open-
ing a door) or moving while another is watching
immediately cancels this Gift.

© Overlook (Level Two) —It can be quite useful
to be ignored at times. You can overhear what was not
meant for your ears, or see armed guards look right past

Se see an EO EE SL: ee

you. As long as the Uktena-keeps a low profile,.a
supervisor will assume he's just another tech, or the
cowboys will see only "some tame Injun asleep by the
hitchin' post." Some Ragabash call this the "Tonto
goes to town" Gift; members of the Scouts also favor it.
A cuckoo-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The character does his best to look non-
chalant or othérwise occupied doing something low-
key. The player rolls Manipulation + Subterfuge (dif-
ficulty varies depending on how well he blends in to
start with: 6 if the Garou is dressed in the same manner
and going through the same motions'as the techies
around him; up to 9 if he's stark naked and carrying a
bloody axe). To-see the Garou-as-more than: mere
window-dressing, watchers must get more successes on
Perception.+ Alertness than -the player -originally
rolled. Should he draw attention to himself, by acting
out of character or speaking loudly for example, the
player must reroll with a penalty of +2 difficulty in
order to maintain the effect.

MET: Basic Gift. By dressing the part and doing her
best to blend in; the Uktena can énsure that all but the
most cautious scrutiny overlooks her presence..To acti-
vate this Gift, the player must make a Mental test (retest
Subterfuge) against a difficulty based om how much the
Uktena looks like those where she's trying to fit in and
how vigilant the security in the area happens to be: For
instance, dressing up in business clothes and slipping
into a large office on a hectic morning would be rela-
tively easy, but trying to doso without proper work attire
would be more difficult; and attempting to blend in on
the morning of a personnel review would be-even
harder. An Uktena may attempt to blend in with more
than one group of people, but doing so requires a new
Mental test and likely a change of clothes as well

Success mearis that'as long asthe Uktena keeps a
low profile, she is essentially ignored by those around
her, who assume that she is just another one of crowd.
A description tag reading "Ignore Me" orsimilar method
should be used to alert orhers to her forgettable status.
‘Those attempting to pierce this disguise must either
possess supernatural senses or be actively looking for
an intruder,-and defeat the Uktena ina Mental test.
The Narrator may also call for additional Mental tests
during the scene if the Uktena acts out of character,
calls attention to herself or is caught lacking critical
props or knowledge ("What do you mean. you don't
have an ID card? Everybody around here has one").
Note also that this is not true invisibility —-an Uktena
attempting to sneak into a guarded facility will still be
stopped by security like everyone else in the group she's
with. It also does not function if there is no group to
blend into; an Uktena trying to pass herself off asa

CAapter TAree: Deep Waters 65

— I, NS

4

store €mployee to a'small business owner who runs the
store with his wife won't be fooled.

© Another's* Moccasins (Level Two) ~= The
human cultures of Uktena Kinfolk are too-frequently
ignored or derided by the mainstream; their wolf Kin
are persecuted as a-matter of course. This Gift opens
the eyes of the. ignorant to life om the other side,
showing them anew and (fora while, at least) fascinat-
ing perspective. By speaking briefly with the subject
about the culture or species in question, the Garou. can
instill curiosity or appreciation for the culture —~ or if
particularly successful, an obsession with learning about
and aiding the Kinfolk's people. The Earth Guides in
particular use this Gift to nudge adversaries (usually in
government or the média) into' the role of allies. An
ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift.

System: The character must have the subject's
undivided attention and engage in a brief conversa-
tion about the culture in question (for instance; the
Navajo or wolves). The player rolls Manipulation.+
Subterfuge (difficulty is. 9 minus the subject's Inrelli-
gence). For'one success, the subject°"may pick up a
Hillerman novel, or admit to himself that wolves were
important to ‘the balance of nature, at least before
humans changed things..For five successes, he might
well involve himself in humanitarian efforts on.the
reservation, or spend his wacation trekking to Alaska
in the hopes of having a Farley Mowat experience with
a wolf pack.. The Gift's effects last about a week per
success, but with luck anatural interest develops as the
subject delves into his study of the culture.

MET: Basic Gift: This Gift requires that the Uktena
first enter into aidetailed conversation with her target
about a-particular-species or culture for ‘at least ten
minutes, and then spend a Willpower Trait and makea
Social test (retest Subterfuge). Success means that the
target becomes interested in learning more about and
possibly aiding-the culture or species involved in the
conversation, and spends a-good portion of their next
downtime actively pursuing these goals, up to a maxi-
mum of one-month. If downtime is not a factor in the
game, then the interest lasts for the rest of the current
session and the entire next one as well.

At the' end of this time the Gift's effects fade,
although it's entirely possible the target has come to be
interested in the subject naturally and thus continues
his work after the Gift itself has ended. It should also
be noted that even use of this Gift tostira desire tohelp
a culture the Uktena belongs to does not mean the
target becomes glassy-eyed and immediately does what-
ever the Uktena asks —~— their goodwill is directed
toward the culture or spécies in general, and while they
may be more open to aiding the Garou than they wére

66 Uktfena

OLE eT a ES A

before,-they are not compelled to do anything for
them: Player characters may cancel the need to act on
this Gift directly with a Willpower Trait, though even
then they should still roléplay their new interest and
perhaps some minor actions taken to investigate it.

¢ Reveal the Hidden (Level Two) — This Gift
allows an Uktena to find non-supernatural items that
may be eluding his search. This-is a perfect tool to
locate hidden passageways, concealed tomes of lore or
a normal foe that may be successfully hiding from the
werewolves: A Crow spirit teaches the Gift.. Scouts
(and their darker campmates, the Raiders) consider
this Gift practically a requisite.

System: The wetewolf spends a turn to look around
carefully,the player makes a Perception. + Subterfuge
roll. One success at difficulty 7 is all that is needed to
spot the hidden object. However, a sentient creature
that is hiding may counter with a Wits + Stealth roll;
if his successes exceed thatof the werewolf player's roll,
the Gift doesn't work.

MET: Basic Gift: By spending a Mental Trait and
naming a single person or object, the Uktena immedi-
ately finds. it, provided it is in the immediate area and
the Uktena is somehow capable of detecting it (how-
ever well hidden). For example, the Uktena could not
locate a spirit with this Gift unless she had -a Gift or
other means of sensing spirits active at the time. If
more than one object or person in the area matches the
criteria, the Gift does not reveal them. all.—— instead
the Uktena receives an impression that there is more
than one item or individual matching her description,
but not how many or where they are. In addition; while
the search criteria for objects can be fairly general —
saying simply "gun" as opposed to ".357 Magnum" -—~
it cannot be relative toa person or event,'such as asking
for "the murder weapon" or "whatever it. was that just
fell-out of his pocket."

Finding asentient being in hiding requires a Men-
tal test (retest Subterfuge), though the Uktena receives
acfree retest on. such.challenges due to the Gift's
effectiveness: As above, the criteria for finding a per-
son can be somewhat generic —— "man" or "woman
with brown hair" —— but it cannot be relative, such as
"a woman who will find: me attractive" or "the man
who murdered my father." This Gift cannot detect
supernatural. items and individuals concealed by mys-
tical powers at all.

* Coils of the Serpent (Level Two) —— Using this
Gift, an Uktena can call forth dark tentacles of mist or
fog that wrap around.enemies and hold.them.in'a
viselike grip. Each coil is four feet long and possesses the
same Physical characteristics as the werewolf who sum-
mons the coils» Any snake-spirit can teach this Gift.


System: The player rolls Dexterity + Occult, dif-
ficulty 7. Each success causes a single coil to come forth
from the surrounding air.. The coils focus on a single
target, unless the player makes attack rolls against
multiple targets, with the normal penalties to the rolls
for multiple actions. The coils only bind; they can't
inflict damage. To break free, the Victim must make a
Strength roll, difficulty 7. If his successes exceed the
number of coils, he's frée: If not, he's still a-prisoner:
The tentacles last until the end of the scene or until the
summoner decides to send them away.

MET: Basic Gift: Once per scene, an Uktena with
this Gift can-summon tentacles of fog to bind and slow
opponents..One tentacle: is.summoned per level of
Occult the Uktena possesses, plus an additional ten-
tacle per Physical Trait the user wishes to spend when
activating the Gift. A Physical test (retest Occult) is
necessary toeénsnareatarget with this Gift; the Uktena
is considered a number of Traits upon this test equal

to the number of tentacles attacking the target.-The:

Uktena may also choose to have summoned tentacles
focus on multiple targets, up toa maximum number of
separate targets equal to their Occult rating: Treat use
against multiple targets like a standard group chal-
lenge.. Those successfully ensnared by tentacles can
defend themselves normally, but .cannot attack or
move from their current location until they break free,
which requires a Physical test against a difficulty equal

"to twice the Uktrena's Occult rating plus the number of

tentacles currently grappling them. These tentacles do
not inflict damage, and last until the end of the scene,
the target frees himself or the caster dismisses them.
@ Indian Giver (Level Two) =—— Someétimies, one
must give information to get information. Perhaps an
explanation is necessary to get the curious to go away.
However, Uktena are notoriously tightfisted with se-
crets. With this Gift,-the Uktena can share a bit of
knowledge that: later vanishes.from: the -subject's
memory. An-ancestor-spirit teaches this Gift. Both
Raiders and Pathdancers-commonly learn this Gift;
though it can be found throughout the tribe.
System: When telling the choice bit of lore, the
player rolls Wits -+ Subterfuge (difficulty -is~the
opponent's Wits +-Subterfuge). The number of suc-
cesses, shown below, determines the effects of the Gift.
The Uktena decides beforehand how lorig the knowl-
edge rernains clear, but never longer than 24 hours.

Success .. Effect

Botch Secret retained with unusual clarity
One Secret becomes elusive and garbled
Two Secret is maddeningly béyond reach.
Three Subject forgets he was told the secret

See ne ne es en EE A e

Four Subject's‘own part in diséussion is vague
Five Subject forgets the Conversation took place

MET: Basic Gift. Withthis crafty Gift, the Uktena
can ensuré that she gets the upper hand in an exchange
of secrets, by removing the knowledge they imparted
from the target's memory.. This Gift requires a Mental
test (retest Subterfuge) against the target, and can. only
be performed after the Uktena has told the target the
secret in question. If successful, the target immediately
forgets what they were told at a point determined by
the Uktena (never more than 24 hours after); with the
expenditure of a Willpower Trait, the Uktena can
cause them-to-' forget the entire conversation. The
target is otherwise able to remember the general con-
versation; including giving the Uktena information,
but is completely unable to remember what he got in
return. Mortals are likely to simply blame bad memory,
though some supernatural creatures (particularly those
versed in mind control and memory tricks) may realize
what's going ons A suspicious supernatural creature
may cancel the Uktena's Willpower expenditure with
one ofhisownifhe wishes toremember more about the
conversation; though he is still be unable to recall the
secret banished by this Gift, as it has been completely
removed from his mind.

® Uktena's Freezing Stare (Level Two) — The
Uktena can.use this Gift tomesmerize an opponent by
making direct eye contact. If the Gift is successful, the
target freezes-dead in his tracks. A-spirit of Uktena
teaches the Gift.

System: First, the Uktena must make direct'eye
contact with an-opponent; the player then rolls Ma-
nipulation.+ Intimidation to activate the Gift, with
the -difficulty equal to the target's Willpower.-The
paralysis lasts one scene or until the opponent is
physically or mentally attacked in.some fashion.

MET: Basic Gift. As the Homid Gift: Staredown,
save that all manner of targets-freeze in their tracks;
none flee: The same restrictions against being physi-
cally or mentally attacked still apply.

® Death Trance: (Level: Three) —— Sometimes,
death is the only way out. But that doesn't mean you
want to stay that way. With this Gift, the Uktena may
appear dead, following the expected progression (liv-
idity, rigor, etc.) well enough to fool a forensics team:
While "dead," the Uktena is in a muted state, unable
to move; his senses are still. active but dulled and
dreamlike: The danger is reviving, as the effort re-
quired to return to the living increases with time, and
eventually the character is no longer feigning. An
opossum-spirit teaches this Gift. ;

System: It takes a Gnosis point, a Wits + Occult
roll (difficulty 6) and three turns to "die." Once ina

Chapter Three: Deep Waters 67

4

"

state of "death," the body cools and exhibits all the
normal signs of death at the proper rate of progression
for environmental conditions (Players would do.well
to look .through-aforensics-manual for hints). ‘To
realize something isn't right, observers must make a
Perception + Investigation roll (difficulty -7) and
achieve at-least the same numberof successes the
"dead" werewolf achieved. A view from the Penumbra
shows the spirit still resides im the body, but appears to
be in some kind of Slumber. During this death trance,
the Uktena need not breathe, but fire and such can still
hurt him badly: Physical wounds do not bleed until the
trance is lifted, but neither do they heal.

The character may hear, smell, and see (assuming
his €yes are open) while in the death trance, but all
rolls to perceive anything are at +2 difficulty.

The Death Trance Gift lasts as long as the Ukrena
wishes. However, to wake at any time during the first day
requires a successful Willpower roll difficulty 4 (to fully
revive requires three turns, plus one turn per day spent
ina death state). Every day after that the difficulty
increases by 1. If the Garou fails to wake in time, he must
wait a day before trying again (although the Storyteller
may make allowances,-such-as friends trying to wake
him, .or he finds himself on-a pyre)..After a number of
days equal to the character's permanent Gnosis rating,
his spirit slips loose from the husk and the character dies.
As it is, some Uktena have eventually figured out they
were being buried, but weren't able to care enough todo
anything about it for a long time.

MET: Intermediate Gift. With the expenditure of
a Gnosis Trait and ten seconds of relaxed -concenttra-
tion, the Uktena-can enter a state that imitates death
down to the smallest detail. He does not breathe,
wounds do not bleed (or regenerate), rigor and lividity
set in,etc. Only those who have some reason to suspect
the Garou is faking may make a Mental test to discern
the truth (retest with Investigation).

* Sing Down the Rain (Level Three) —— This
Gift is-used to bring rain from the heavens, either to
nourish crops and cleanse the land, or to cause damage
through mudslides and flooding. This Gift is common
among Ghost Dancers: A frog-spirit teaches the Gift.

System: The Garou sings or howls a ritual chant;
the player spends a Gnosis point and rolls. Wits -+
Occult (difficulty is ordinarily 7; 8 ina cloudless desert,
6 -in.a-temperate rainforest). One or two successes
brings down a misty drizzle after a short delay, but three
successes causes a heavy rain to fall-almost immedi-
ately. Four or more successes means the rain comes in
heavy torrents. The effects ordinarily last one scene,
but the player may spend Gnosis to continue the
effects. Depending on the Storyteller, the terrain and

68

Uktfena

OLE ET A ET LL A

the ‘user's intent, the effects may cause flooding,
mudslides or even wash away pollutants.

MET: Intermediate Gift. With a Gnosis Trait and
asuitable (not stereotypical) performance, the Uktena
can call. down. a nourishing rainfall... Following an
appropriate ceremony, the LUktena makes Mental test
{retest Occult), with adifficultry depending on the local
environment and weather conditions.-Calling rain in
a parched desert or during a lengthy drought-is ex-
tremely difficult, while standing in. a rainforest or
under an overcast sky is much.easier. Success means
thata steady, heavy rain begins in the next ten minutes
and falls for the remainder of the scene; the Storyteller
has final say over what game effect the rain has, if any.
This Gift may be extended for additional scenes by
spending extra Gnosis Traits.

* Wisdom of the Ancient Ways (Level Three)
—— Werewolves have a link to their past most humans
can only dream about: their ancestors can still share
their wisdom. The ancestor-spirit that teaches this
Gift allows the Uktena.even deeper access to past
lifetimes of wisdom and lore: Naturally, Earth Guides
are most likely to learn this Gift.

System: As the Philodox Gift.

* Lay of the Land (Level Four) —~ The Uktéena
with this Gift may commune with spirits of the land and
air, learning many things such as abundance of garne,
location' and strength of watercourses, health of the
forest, and even where caves can be found. Any mobile
animal spirit (fox, eagle, etc) can teach this Gift.

System: As per-the Bone' Gnawer-~ Gift:
Attunement, except that it works in rural or wilder-
ness rather than urban areas, and the required roll is
Perception + Survival.

© Spirit's Horse (Level Four) —- A potent Gift,
Spirit's Horse allows an Uktena to turn his body into a
temporary hotne for an ancestor-spirit or other impor-
tant creature from the timie' of legends: This Gift pro-
vides more than the memories and abilities associated
with the Ancestors Background because for a brief time,
the Uktena actually becomes the spirit who inhabits his
body..The intent of the Gift is to honor an ancestor by
allowing her to physically take part in a ceremony or
moot, meet her descendents and share in the joys of the
physical world. The Rite of Invitation to the Ancestors
is often used in conjunction with this Gift, and these
events almost never take place outside a tribal moot or
council. An ancestor-spirit teaches the Gift.

System: This -is a Gift with both incredible risks
and -marvelous benefits: To begin the process, :the
player rolls Charisma + Occult, difficulty 8; however,
the Storyteller may choose to lower the difficulty by
one if the summoner has 'some sort of special rapport

|


with the spirit to be summoned. Perhaps the Uktrena is
a direct descendant or has somehow done honor tothe
spirit beforehand..In any case, the Ancestors -Back-
ground isn't required to use the Gift. One-or- two
successes means the spirit comes into the werewolf's
body, but for a-brief time (one scene): Three or four
successes means the spirit remains for several scenes.
Five successes means the bond isso complete, the spirit
may stay until requested to depart: No successes indi-
cates the spirit doesn't come, but a botch means that
either the spirit refuses to leave -or that the spirit
inhabiting the body is not the one siummoned; she
must be pacified before leaving.

The player must make a Willpower roll, difficulty
7, for the Uktrena to remain aware of what's going on
around him, though he can't interact with the spirit.
Simple failure means that he is effectively "umcon-
scious" while the -ancestor-spirit .is. present. For all
intents and purposes, the character is the ancestor,
enabling the long-dead spirit to talk; dance and other-
wise -intéract with werewolves in .the. present..-The
player may make a final Willpower roll at difficulty 7
before the spirit departs to remember what happened
while serving asa host for the ancestor-spirit.

MET: Intermediate Gift. With a ritual at least five
minutes in duration and a Social test (retest Occult),
the Uktena can summon an-ancestor-spirit into her
body for the remainder of the scene. In essence, she is
the spirit for the duration. For three Gnosis Traits, the
duration canbe extended to the remainder of the
session..(The host retains their normal game statistics;
only the memories and personality of the spirit are
transferred.) If the Uktena has a particularly strong
rapport with the spirit to be summoned —= packmate,
descendent, close friend, protégé, etc. — she receives
a free retest on the Gift's activation challenge: While
this Gift offers primarily roleplaying benefits,an Uktena
who routinely uses it with appropriate respect for the
ancestors stands to gain great Wisdom Renown, as well
as earn a positive reputation with the local spirit
cornmunity in. general..If a question regarding the
spirit's knowledge comes up, a Narrator may be con-
sulted to represent the spirit accessing its memories,
though those greedy to abuse this Gift as a way to
augment or entirely circumvent the néed for the An-
cestors Background risk gravely offending their ances-
tors and suffering an according drop in Wisdom, and
may even find this. Gift fails them until they have
learned appropriate humility.

This Gift is not without risk, either —— when the
Uktena successfully activates this Gift, she must imme-
diately make a Simple Test. Onawin oratie, she retains
knowledge of what is going on while her body is inhab-

SS

ited, though the ancestor-spirit is still in control. Ona
loss, she is essentially "uncomscious" for the duration of
the Gift, and must make another Simple Test immedi-
ately —- failing this second test means that she won't
remember anything that happens during -the- Gift's
duration. Willpower may be spent to retest either of
these Simple Tests. While by no means a malevolent
possession, some spirits may get -still their hosts in
trouble as they attempt to enjoy a taste of life or seek out
contact with old friends....or énemies. Players of "un-
conscious" characters should do their best to roleplay
their subsumed state as well as any following memory
loss, and it-is perfectly fair for-a Narrator to assume
control of any characters. whose players attempt to
unfairly avoid or downplay their controlled strate.

* Guardian's Fortitude CLével Four) —— In-des-
peraté times the Wktena must call upon their endur-
ance reserves to be vigilant, whether it is a Theurge
locked ‘in-a-multi-day rite,-a-Bane-Tender waiting
vainly for reinforcements; or a lone warrior holdinga
mountain pass with no hope of retreat. This Gift gives
them the strength to stave off the needs of the body in
order-to focus on-the daunting task at hand. Those
needs are not erased but merely deferred, however, so
this ancestor-spirit-taught Gift is used only at-great
need. Many Bane-Tenders learn this Gift.

System: To-usé the Gift the player spends a Gnosis
point and succeeds ‘in a Willpower roll (difficulty 6);
the Gift lasts one day per success. During this time, the
Garou can-stay sharp without needing food,-water,; or
sleep.If necessary, the Gift can -be extended by spend-
ing one Willpower for every additional twelve hours.
Once the Gift ends, the accrued effects of hunger,
muscle fatigue-and lack of sleep all rush back. The
exact effects are up to the Storyteller, but after several
days of intense activity and the resulting sleep-depra-
vation: psychosis the least one could expect is an
immediate roll to Frenzy followed by Willpower rolls
to-do anything except eat; drink and sleep.

MET: Intermediate Gift. This Gift has two uses:
downtime and during a game -session..During down-
time, an Uktena using this desperate Gift spends a
Gnosis Trait and makes a number of Simple Tests
equal to their Willpower rating; for each such test they
win.or tie, they may go one day without suffering any
ill effects due to lack of food, water or sleep." They may
also choose to spend Willpower Traits to increase the
duration, with each such Trait adding an additional
twelve hours to the vigil. Willpower cannot be re-
gained naturally for the duration of this Gift, and when
it is over the Ukternia must immediately make a Rage
test to avoid frenzy, as well as spend a Willpower Trait
to do anything other than eat, drink and sleep.

Chapter Three: Deep Waters 69

— a OS NS


During a game session, this Gift allows an Uktena
to heighten their senses and remain alert while stand-
ing guard or watching over a particular person .or
location. Starting such a vigil costs one Gnosis Trait,
and lasts for the rest of the session.so long as the Uktena
does not stray from their appointed purpose or until
they next enter combat. During this time, the Uktena
ignores all Trait penalties except wound penalties on
any challeriges related to watching over their charge,
and is considered to have the bonus Traits Vigilant x2
and Enduring x2, which can be bid and lost as normal.

©® Uktena's Glare (Level Five) — Just asthe anger
within Great Uktena burns those who dare to face
him; so'can the follower of Uktena sear foes with his
own Rage. To one who is worthy, Uktrena may teach
this Gift.

System: The Garou concentrates for afull turn,
focusing on the anger that burns within. Meeting the
gaze of a single foe, he must spend a Rage point and
make arollas if to frenzy. If successful, the Uktena does
not frenzy but inflicts one level of aggravated damage
per success just from his heated gaze. The difficulty to
use this Gift increases by one with each subsequent
attempt during the same scene.

MET: Advanced Gift: By focusing ona foe with her
gaze, the Uktrena may take a normal action and spend
a Rage Trait to activate this Gift.. Doing so requires
intense concentration -~— the Uktetia cannot move; is
considered to act last that turn and suffers a two-Trait
penalty to-defend herself against any attacks while
activating this Gift. Provided her opponent is still in
sight when her action-at last arrives, she makes a
number of Simple Tests equal to her permanent Rage
rating; for each test she wins-or ties, her foe suffers a
level of aggravated damage. Only one foe may be
targeted at a time, and no opponent may be targeted
with this Gift more than-once per scene: Armor ‘is
effective against this darnage, but this attack cannot be
dodged or "soaked" short of supernatural levels of
endurance: opponents with powers that convert or

reduce damage (such-as vampiric Fortitude) may at-

tempt to modify the damage normally.-

* Becoming Uktena (Level Six) -—— The legends
of the Cherokee say that aman was transformed into
the Great Uktenato try to kill the sun..Great Uktena
was around long before the Cherokee, but Garou have
taken the form of his children on two or-three occa-
sions. Great Uktena teaches this Gift only to the most
worthy of his Uktena followers; with it, the hero may
transform into a creature even a Thunderwyrm would
fear. After the crisis is resolved (assuming he lives), the
new uktena slips into the nearest body of water and
into the umbra, forever parting with his Garou breth-

70 Ukfena

/ ia a

SParet orvitipsg CLOG

Here are sample stats' for a Garou in the
intermediate phase of Becoming Uktena.

Attributes: Strength 9, Dexterity 4+, Stamina 8,
Charisma 0, Manipulation 3, Appearance O, Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 4, Wits 3

Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Willpower 6

Abilities: -Athletics 3, Brawl! 3, Dodge 2; In-
timidation 3, Subterfuge 2, Stealth 3, Knowledges
as per Character with the following changes: Enig-
mas +1, Occult +2, Galunlati Lore +1

Health Lewels: ‘OK, OK, --1;-1,-1,;--1, -2, -2,
-2,-5,-5,Ine

* Attacks: Antler rush (Str +1), Bite (Str+2)

Powers: "Armor'(+5 ‘dice to soak), Breathe
Water, Burrow (as per Metis Gift), Blast (as per
the charm)

Note: This ukrena is roughly 20 feet long, and
while powerful, harbors same weak spot —-a heart
shot can kill-instantly (see Lesser Uktena spirit,
below).

ren to join his father in Galunlati- Such a glorious end
to an-already legendary career is worthy of fireside
retellings for generations.

System: Once taught the Gift, the Uktena may
call upon it atany time by invoking Great Uktena. The
initial stage of the transformation takes three full

turns, during which the werewolfs body grows and

changes toa 20' foot horned serpent... The new uktena
still retains the personality of the Garou at this point.
After.a period of time (usually no more than. a scene),
the final stage of the transformation begins as the mind
of the Garou recedes and the uktena mindset takes
over. The spirit creature heads unerringly towards the
nearest source of water wide enough to encompass its
diameter (not necessarily its whole bulk).-As it slides
into the water and crosses the Gauntlet, the transfor-
mation.is complete; the hero's former pack ‘/had best
treat this uktena-like any other of its kind.

MET: Advanced Gift. Once learned, this Gift may
only ever be used once, and then only by Uktena that
have proven themselves worthy in the eyes of Great
Uktena. This Gift costs nothing to activate, but requires
three full turns for the transformation to take effect —
during this tire, the Garou retains herold statistics, and
can only defend herself, not attack. At the end of this
time, the Garou has become a transforming uktena,.a
fearsome creature easily the rival of many sizable Banes
and other menaces. Transformation is a one-way trip;
however —~ while the Uktena retains her own person-


ality for the remainder of the current scene or conflict,
at the end of this time the Storyteller assumes control
and the new uktena flees as described above, never to
return. A heroic end, to be sure, butan end nonetheless.
The statistics for a transformed uktena are as follows,
except where noted, these statistics replace the Garou's
own, not add to them:

Physical Traits: 28, Social Traits: 3, Mental Traits: 14
Rage: 8, Gnosis: 8, Willpower: 6

Abilities: As per the character, with the exception
that they receive the following Abilities (unless
own levels are higher; in-which case they re
own. level): Athletics x3, Brawl x3, Dodge
tion «3, Subterfuge x2, Stealth x3. In.addi

automatically receive an additional level of Eni

and two levels of Occult,-even if this takes them over -

five levels in total

Health Levels: Healthy «2, Briiised x4, Wounded x5,
Incapacitated, Mortally Wounded

Attacks: Antler rush for one level' of lethal damage
bite for two levels

resist dam:

Gift), Bla

Note: The Uktena form is enormous, and sho
ideally be represented by a great deal of makeup a
preparation. It is also immune to all attempts to ca
fear, either mundane or stipernatural.

year

Sincé rites aré the Garou's sacred ceremonies
celebrations, Uktena take great joy and pride in
forming these rituals: Some rites are held to evo
certain mood or connection among werewolves.
ets ask for a specific blessing or aid from spiritual allie
Rites are important to the Uktena because they keep
memories of ancestors and tradition vibrant and strong,
despite the changes in the tribe through the long years.
Even so-called minor rites are practiced regularly by
cub and elder, for such elemental rituals are considered
fundamental to building the trust necessary for strong
relationships between Garou and spirit. Even common
rites (such as the Moot Rite) have a "flavor" unique to
the -Uktena; many of those listed: below' are rarely
shared with Wyrmcomer tribes.

xe of Accord

Rites of Accord are specifically made for maintain-
ing harmony and balance, concepts integral to several of
the cultural traditions within the Uktena tribe. Though
they are warriors to the core, Uktena do not believe in
unnecessary conflict, particularly among Garou.

Se aca ns es ae maaan a ES ST

Re of Furarnce
Level Three
The Triat -is in everyone, but sometimes. one

aspect touches a person more strongly than another.

This imbalance manifests in many ways, from a Wyld-

fed madness to Wyrm-spawned depression or the joy-

less routine of the Weaver. Packs delving into Cyber
realms for-extended periods or conducting raids on

Black Spiral Dancer Hives come back changed,

Tainted..This -rite seeks to bring them back into

balance,-to restore the Garou's harmony with Gaia.

System: The'ritual varies depending on the rela-

i strength of each of the Triatic influences within

The ritemaster and her assistants paint

power on the subject, followed by

m to wash away the markings (this

cleansing ritual is ‘similar to-the rite' Washing the

Spirit, given in Croatan Song). Then, in-a medicine

lodge or other neutral place, the ritemaster conducts a

series of chantssandsongs and drumming, using sacred

he. subject, while fewer successes indicate partial
balancing. Inaddition, the untainted subject regains
temporary Willpower point.

The rite lasts -half a-day and usually begins at
rise or sunset..For particularly strong Taints, the
may be repeated up to three more times (but must
eld consecutively, with no one leaving the lodge).
he beginning of each repetition, the ritemaster
t.make a successful Stamina-+ Rituals-roll (see
nee and Rituals, below. Alternately,.if you use
Taint rating system given in the Players Guide
Garou, the difficulty will be 4 +-Taint level;
success decreases the Taint rating by one).

Note that wheri a Taint runs more deeply, per-
forming this rite alone won't cure it: Taints bought as
Merits or Flaws*must be bought off with experience
points, and usually require a more rigorous treatment
(often a quest to a sacred place of balance). This rite
treats symptoms — a Triatic Imbalance ~~ without
addressing the cause. Someone-recently exposed to
Weyrmish spiritual energies could be brought into bal-
ance, while a-Fomori still possessed by a._Bane would
regain his Taint immediately.

MET: Intermediate Rite. Inv addition to the normal
test required to perform a rite, at the end of the required
time the.Uktrena must make a Mental test. (retest
Rituals) against a difficulty equal to the subject's Will-
power plus three. Success means that the subject's Taint
is removed, unless it is particularly potent, in which case

Chapter Three: Deep Waters 71

——————————_—K_ NS

|
4

the Storyteller ‘may decree that multiple consecutive
uses of this rite are required to..cleanse the subject
entirely. Note that the same restrictions regarding par-
ticularly deeply entrenched Taintsstillapply —-a fomori
regains his Taint immediately,.and this rite does not
serve as a cheap way to get rid of Merits and Flaws.

Wyllie tives

Mystic Rites focus' on the relationship between
werewolves and spirits. They also strengthen the connec-
tion a werewolf has with the Umbra. Since the Uktena
consider themselves particularly protective of the spirit
world, these rites are widely used among the tribe.

Qe of fhe Sacred Five

Level One

‘The sacred fire is a focal point of spiritual life in
many septs, for like the heart of the caern it connects
the physical and spirit realms —~— the flame-burns in
both. Sacred fires are tended with reverence in medi-
cine lodges or caves,-or more rarely Outside — spirits
are attracted to them like the proverbial moths to'a
flame, so such a fire would make a site pretty crowded
even for an Uktena caern. Building a sacred fire in turn
increases the effectiveness of other mystic endeavors.

Av sacred fire is to be treated with respect. Whilean
individual may remake sacred fires at need, it is consid-

72 Uktena

OLE Ls ST A A

ered moré honorable to maintain one.-Many septs
maintain the fire for a year at a-stretch,- while others
have kept theirs burning for years or even generations.

System: The fire is built Using sanctified materials
(including a'small pinch of spiritually active tobacco)
and started with flint sparks or with wood friction ——
never a lighter or match. The base of the fire consists
of four logs that point in the cardinal directions. At the
moment of lighting, the Garou expends a Gnosis point
and makes a Wits + Rituals roll (difficulty is the local
Gauntlet rating).-Each additional Gnosis point spent
lowers the difficulty by one.-If successful, the flame
ignites in the Penumbra and all Mystic Rites or other
Rites dealing with spirits (such.as Contrition) may be
performed at -1 difficulty per two successes (after the
first): At the Storyteller's option, other spirit dealings
may -go more smoothly, for the building of the fire
indicates-a respect for the old traditions and knowl-
edge of the ancient pacts between spirit and Garou.
The area covered by this rite is typically as far as the
flame's heat canbe felt (a' medium-sized room or
medicine lodge counts). The sacred fire lasts for as long
as it is tended with sanctified materials.

MET: Basic Rite. By suiccessfully performing this
rite and spending the appropriate Gnosis, the ritemaster
or any other Garou performing Mystic Rites with
spirits receive a frée retest on all friendly challenges.


PRyqyer Of fll SELERG

Level One

This is actually a modified (and much more com-
plex) Prayer for the-Prey, which .is only taught .to
Uktena's children: Before a hunt for a specific item of
lore or magic (such as a lost fetish or tome), the Garou
prays while holding an attuned object (usually a water
snake skin-or, for the fortunate, an uktena scale). If
successful, the Uktena finds the séarch much easier: If
the attuned focus'is lost,.a new one must be found and
attuned in order for the rite to work; attuned foci are
personal and cannot be transferred. Smart Garou usu-
ally give some token of their gratitude for particularly
successful uses of this rite.

System: Initial atrunément of an ordinary focus
requires the expenditure of a temporary Gnosis point;
an. uktena scale is already considered attuned to the
owner. Before the search begins,.the Garou prays to
Great Uktena while holding the -focus;.the player
makesa Wits + Ritualsroll (difficulty 7, or 6 if the focus
is arr uktena scale). For every two successes, the player
may-add one die to any Enigmas,.Investigation or
Oceult roll related to the search for the object in
question. Alternately, in difficult cases the Storyteller
may drop hints in the form of omens, waking visions or
intuitive leaps to get the ball rolling. The object must
be of lore or magical value. The bonus ends when the

gs,

eee see es an ES EE Se ee

Gatou diverts from the quest for any reason (including
sleep or eating, not including fighting guards who bar
the Garou's path to the goal).

MET: Basic Rite. By spending a Gnosis to attune
an appropriate item and making a Mental tést (retest
Rituals), the Uktena gains a number of retests equal to
her Gnosis; which can be used on any Enigmas, Inves-
tigation or Occult rests made in search of the item she is
questing after. Only one such retest may be used ona
particular test, and the item must have value in regards
to magic or hidden lore. This rite ends when the object
is found or the Uktena diverts from the search for any
reason (see above). An Uktena can only benefit from
one Prayer of Seeking at a time.

Rife of fle Spt th Crge

Level Three

The Uktena believe that killing a‘spirit,-even a
Bane, isnot always the best thing to do — particularly
when time is needed to question, bargain with or even
bind said entity: This rite allows the Uktena to trapa
spirit in a cage of energy.

System: The Uktrena éreates'a circle (usually less
than 9 feet in diameter) in the physical realm. The
circle is often: made of flint or obsidian chips, but
sometimes of candles or burning wood. Succeeding in
the Wits + Rituals roll (difficulty 7) "primes" the cage;
when. the spirit has been lured to the .circle; the


riternaster spends a Gnosis point to spring the trap.
The Penumbral air around the spirit comes alive with
spiritual representations of the circle —— in the above
example, that would be rapidly whirling slivers -of
obsidian or leaping tongues -of flarne... The -barrier
inhibits the use of most Charms.

To push through: the barrier; the captive has to
score more successes on a Rage roll (difficulty is the
ritemaster's Wits +Rituals) than the ritemaster had.
Even if it manages to push through,.it suffers -Aggra-
vated damage equal to the ritemaster's successes. This
works both ways. Garou cannot breach. the circle
without damage, although the ritemaster can drop the
cage at any time.

Therite lasts an hour pet success, and each additional
Gnosis contributed extends the duration. by an hour.
However, if the circle is disturbed (a candle flickers Gut or
the boundary is broken), the power collapses.

MET: Intermediate Rite. With suitable prepara-
tion and a'successful activation test, the Uktena can
prepare a mystic "cage"..capable of trapping a-spirit
without harming it: The spirit must first be summoned,
éajoled or otherwise lured into the area of the trap, at
which time the Uktena may spend a Gnosis Trait to
activate the barrier: Once trapped, a spirit cannot use
any (Charms across the barrier, and may only escape by
defeating the ritemaster ina test of the spirit's Rage
versus the ritemaster's combined Willpower + Rituals
rating. Even if it should succeed, the spirit still suffers
one level of aggravated damage. per rank.of the
riternaster.. This damage cuts .both ways, however;
Garou attempting to enter the barrier receive similar
damage. This rite lasts for tem minutes per: level of
Rituals the ritemaster possesses, p a additional ten

Ntosikts« midst.

Usually, the werewolves sirig and dance to honor the
tribal ancestors..Special foods are eaten; and invoca-
tions of sacred words may be made to the sun, moon-or
other natural elements,..depending on: the cultural
backgrounds of the Uktena. Some werewolves use this
rite without the Gift of Spirit's s Horse,-to honor their
ancestors and fallen heroes.

System: While no
werewolves expend Gno:
ancestors.

s aré needed, some
as an offering to' their

One success is need hat'

the Bane; additional succ roth of the
Bane's confinement. Should | 1s player fail
the roll, the character remains alive, but the Bane is not
contained, and is extremely angry.-A botch indicates
the immediate and messy death of the -ritemaster. All
players must also make aroll on theircharacters' current
Stamina. Even one success at the same difficulty indi-
cates they survive, but are likely exhausted. A failure
means the werewolf dies from the rigors of participating
in the rite. Needless to say, living or dead, participants
in this rite deserve a good measure of Renown for their
bravery and honor. Note that while this Rite works for
many powerful Banes, the greatest spiritual evils (such
as the Storm Eater) require still more powerful rites,
which are specific to the individual Bane.

MET: Advanced Rite: This extremely dangerous
rite binds a powerful Bane-to.a particular location. It
requires at least an hour to perform, and possibly longer
than that in the case of particular powerful or well-
entrenched Banes (Storyteller's discretion). At the end
of the rite, the assembled Garou sacrifice Gnosis Traits,
Willpower Traits or Stamina-related Physical Traits to

74 Uk rena

LE Le LT eT a A


Cptrrece ct TOP aE

Powerful rituals are both physically and men-
tally demanding. Rites take a great deal of focus
and involve many complicated ‘steps..Failure to
follow them. exactly can bring lack of success at
best, catastrophe at worst. An hour of drumming,
dancing and chanting can make anyone break a
sweat; after a day with no break, the participants
are hoarse, footsore and wobbly..Some Uktena
rituals last several days.

At the end of every hour of a demanding
ritual,-the active participants must make a suc-
cessful Stamina'+ Rituals roll (difficulty 3 + rite
level). Even one success allows the rite to progress
normally. Failing the roll results in one level of
unsoakable Bashing damage from éxhaustion and
mental fatigue; failure also means the difficulty of
the next -hour's roll-is raised by one. A-botch
makes the damage aggravated. Spending a Will-
power point negates the damage,.but not-the
difficulty increase.

Of course, werewolves" have a supernatural
resiliency. If the participants -have any "down
time" during the ritual, or ifthe rite is very long but
not particularly strenuous, the Storyteller may
switch. from hourly rolls -to every six, twelve -or
more hours.

create the mystical web used to bind the Barie, and the
ritemaster makes a Mental. Test (retest Rituals)... The
difficulty of this test is the Bane's Rage rating plus thr
minus one Trait for every 20 Traits of Gnosis, Wil
power and Stamina-related Traits spent. Success means
that the Bane is imprisoned, with the strength of the
confinement also roughly determined by how much
energy was spent on creating the prison: Failure means
that the ritemaster must make a Simple Test —— if she
wins. or ‘ties; the Bane is not contained .and ‘likely
extremely angry, but the ritemaster survives: On a loss,
however, the Bane is still free and she dies: In addition,
when the rite is over the contributing Garou must each
make a test of their permanent Physical Traits against a
difficulty equal to the Bane's Rage rating; failure means
that they die from the rigors of the rite.

Sfovtkery Courting PUag

Level Five

From time out of mind, one of the worst night-
mares for a Garou was for one-of her Kinfolk to be
possessed by a Bane. Taint could be cleansed, but the
Wyrm-spirit joined body and soul too thoroughly to
extricate without' destroying the host; even with a

powerful healer at the ready,-an exorcism frequently
left the host shattered in mind and spirit. Worse still,
the Bane often. escaped into the Umbra' to possess
again another day..More often than not, Garou saw
killing the victim as an agonizing but necessary task.

Recently,;an Uktena pack returned from a decade-
long quest with a ritual that offers a (slightly) better
chance to both destroy the spirit and preserve the
patient. Rather than ripping the Bane from the body,
the rite drains its energy until it shrivelsand pulls away
like a withered creeper vine.

So far, thé pack's sept has kept the Rite quiet as
they perfect their practice of it. Several fomori have
been cured, but -tany more have cdied;.two Garou
nearly.died in the process. Soon, though; they will
present it to the Grand Council. It is hoped that the
rite will disserninate throughout the trib cas word
Garou Nati will have

cesses count

victim and may be pulled off and destr do A new roll
can be attermpted every hour with an additional expen-
diture- of Gnosis, but the ritual.is exhausting for all
participants (See sidebar). A very powerful Bane can
take houts or even days to defeat. Unfortunately, the
host may not be able to'stand the strain.

The Bane fights back if it-can: If itis unable todo
so, it tears the. victim apart, doing three levels of
ageravated damage, minus successes for that hour (in
other words, if the ritemaster gets two successes, the
victim takes one health level-of damage): Ona botch,
the Bane can make a break for it, doing its Rage in
unsoakable aggravated damage on its way out. Damage
tmaay be healed by a Gift, assuming the healer can touch
the subject.

Afterward, the ritual area and all participants are
tainted by the corrupt Essénce that hemorrhaged from
the Bane during the rite, and all must be thoroughly
cleansed through.a purification ritual.

Chapter Three: Deep Waters 75

LS ES NT

4

MET: Advanced Rité. With this potent rité, a
formori cari' be cleansed of the Bane that taints it, albeit
at great risk to all those involved. The fomor is usually
bound or otherwise rendered powerless,- but it isnot
strictly necessary to do so (though advisable). After an
hour of chanting and invocations aimed at cleansing the
fomori in question,-the ritemaster may spend a Gnosis
Trait to attempt a Mental test (retest Rituals) against a
difficulty equal to the Bane's combined Rage and Will-
power rating plus three. The riremaster and any other
Garou involved may spend Gnosis Traits to add to the
ritemaster's bid on.a one-for-one-basis.-If the test is
successful, the Bane immediately loses a mumber of

Essence Traits equal to the ritemaster's Gnosis, plus one®:

additional Essence Trait per Gnosis Trait that was spent
to increase the ritemaster's bid. Should the Bane be
completely drained of Essence, it enters Slumber
can be harmlessly removed from the host in-th

This rite is not without risk tothe
recipient, however. Whilesthe chant

known means, th
vided the healer
test may be, att
sufficient*tO sen
remember that ea

to the host.-Shoul

awinora tie the Gnosis spent
on.a loss the Gnosis is lost an

aggravated health levels of damage on its unfortu
host. Rituals may be spent to re-test the Simple Tests.

FLL LS

While fetishes aré relatively common, Uktena prize
these items highly. Other tribes are less enthused with
Uktena fetishes, for their spirits seem more sinister or
demanding than most..Some of these fetishes are un-
usual in that no spirit is bound into them; rather; they

contain a-bit of Liktena's own spirit (some would say
"magical essence" or medicine) to empower the fetish.

2 Finer
Level 1, Gnosis 6
This fetish is typically made from the beard of an

adult male turkey. The owner uses it by pointing to the
subject (whois within speaking distance) and succeed-

76 Ukfena

LE ET EY A

ing in a Gnosis roll: The éffect lasts until the user stops
pointing the fetish ata given person. If successful and
the target deliberately lies, one of the bristles snaps off
and falls to the ground. When the last bristle breaks off
(and thete may be several dozen), the spirit is freed. A
spirit of truth or honesty is bound into the fetish.
MET: Once activated, this fetish' requires thar
anyone it is directly pointed at beat the wielder in atest
of their Willpower against the wielder's Gnosis; the
effects become: obvious- if they attempt to practice
deception. Ifthe target fails, a bristle falls to the ground
each time they lie.. This lasts until the wielder stops
pointing the fetish at them or all.the bristles fall off.

y version of a tape recorder, this small
spoken: messages... By spending a
t may speak into the jar for up to

activated, the messages are
est to oldest, and are heard

rits of wind or echoes are

ex side). Any arrow
s, if any of its initial

7 deal an- additional level.of aggravated damage,
provided they strike the target directly (i.e.; damage
that is not absorbed by armor or other means). Even
targets normally immune to venom suffer this addi-
tional damage. The bow itself is otherwise treated asa
regular bow of its type for the purposes of Bonus Traits,
Negative Traits, etc.

CKena SAOAUE

Level 2, Gnosis 6

‘Those whom Uktena favors may find a reddish or
whitish triangular scale (thumbnail-topalm-sized) with
arazor-sharp edge -—a castoff from the side of an uktena.
By giving it the merest taste of his own blood (a Damage-
less nick) and succeeding on a Gnosis roll, the owner
may make any Enigmas rolls at -2 difficulty for the


Certain items have great spiritual significance
for Uktena without béing fetishes: (in the sense of
having spirits bound into them). Two examples are
described below:

* Medicine bag: This is a small (usually wallet-
sized or smaller) pouch often made of deerskin, but
the material could be anything natural. It contains
items of significance specific to the individual who
made it..Usually, this will include a bit of sage and
some tobacco, but the rest is strictly up to the maker.
Contents can include items taken as signs from. a
totem, a pebble from the home place, a feather from
the first kill or the bullet that had the good fortune
to miss the mark... The pouch becomes a-powerful
talisman for the owner.

Solongas he hasit in his possession (either worn
or carried) the owner gains a permanent point of
Willpower. In addition, once per story, the owner
may hold the bag and concentrate for a full turn to
gain a temporary point of Willpower. Of course,
there is a downside, for the psychological effect of
losing the bag is tremendous. Besides the loss of the
extra Willpower, the unfortunate loses another per-
manent Willpower until he retrieves the talisman (if
the bag is destroyed,-of course, the point is lost for
good and must be regained through experience points
and roleplaying). Anyone else who comes into pos-
session of the bag receives a bonus of -1 difficulty to
affect the owner with Gifts-or rites.

Though there is no spirit bound into the bag, it
does acquire a spiritual resonance over time: Players

TAILS

are encouraged to derail what they carry in theirbag,
adding to it when appropriate... The Storyteller has
the option of allowing additional .powers for the
medicine bag (making it easier to contact totem
spirits, for example):

© Medicine bundle: Medicine bundles aré highly
valued by the septs that have them. These consist of
aseries of items, including bags of herbs, pelts, skulls,
wands, claws, crystals:and other sacred objects and
tools. These are then wrapped ina blanket, pelt or
bag. The items are usually seen in a‘dream or vision
and gathered together to create the bundle in a
ritual. While the bundles are considered spiritually
alive and not owned by anyone, a keeper is given the
honor of caring for the bundle.

Medicine bundles have sevéral qualities: First,
holding the bundle makes dealings with Gaian spir-
its easier (-1 difficulty to' Gnosis or Social rolls).
Furthermore, each bundle is dedicated to a certain
purpose. For éxample, bundles may aid in healing
(giving a bonus to all healing-related rolls), protec-
tion (improving the bearer's luck) or Umbral travel
(providing a bonus:-to Enigmas -rolls dealing with
following the proper path or staying oriented). How-
ever, most medicine bundles are designed to im-
prove success with a specific -ritual-or category of
ritual. While not a receptacle for a bound spirit, they
do become spiritually active, and are thus treated
with great respect. They tend to become more pow-
erful with age if treated properly. Losing one leaves
a great black mark.on one's reputation:

remainder of the scene. In addition, feeding the scale
allows the bearer to shift (even partially shift) -at -1
difficulty for one turn per success on the activation roll.
When activated, it shimmers and sparkles like fire.
Because finding one-is never considered happen-
stance (and no Uktena in her right mind would chal-
lenge for the scale), the Uktena is marked as watched
by the totem spirit, receiving' a temporary' point of
Honor. Those who betray that favor suffer in tragic but
intriguing ways. Once the owner dies, the scale loses
the above abilities... However, it may be used for a
different purpose by anyone who knows the proper
ritual... The new owner must take splinters from a
lightning-strick ‘tree, light it froma natural source
(including flint or friction but net matches ora lighter)
and burn the scale. Wrapping remaining coal (which
is gray or black and always has a reddish glow in the
center) in a piece of deerskin grants the bearer +1 per

two successes on a~Gnosis- roll on: any hunting or
tracking roll. The effects last for ascene. However, the
fetish must be hung outside in the woods when not in
use, for its enérgies poison those unlucky enough to be
indoors in its presence (one level of Aggravated dam-
age per hour for being in the same room, per two hours
in an adjacent room).

Pet cw Sef

Level 2, Gnosis 7

This armor ‘shirt is made from a hundred or more
stone arrow and spear heads, held together by sinew and
plaited hairs When active; it allows the wearer an
additional soak die per success for one scene (including
silver). In addition, activation causes a layer of clear ice
to form around the flint, offering similar protection from
the effects of fire and intense heat..A flint spirit and an
ice spirit are both required to empower this fetish.

Chapter Three: Deep Waters 77

LL PY EG

t

Mitoccr Fore

Level 3, Gnosis 7

A Moon Bow appears'asa short or longbow of dark
wood, with glyphs for each of the moon phases carved on.
it. The bow shoots more accurately in the light of the
moon,even when the moon appears during the day. To
attune the bow initially, the Garou must fire an arrow at
the moon, spend a point of Gnosis and succeed in a
Gnosis-roll (difficulty 7).-1f successful, the-bow is -at-
tuned to her until she gives it away. When shooting in
the moon's -light,-she. makes another Gnosis. check
(difficulty depends on the moon's phase; use Rage roll
difficulties, i.e.,-8 for new moon,.4 for full); every two
successes add an extra die to the attack roll for that shot.
A-Lune or other moon. spirit empowers the bow.

MET: To attune this fetish, the Garou must fire arn
arrow: at the moon, spend.a Gnosis Trait and make.a
Gnosis test against a difficulty of five..If successful, the
bow is attuned to her until given away. When fired in the
moonr's light,.the wielder gains a number of additional
Bonus Traits depending on the phase of the moon, from
one Trait during the new moon all the way up to five
Traits duting the full. These Bonus Traits stack with the
ordinary Bonus Traits gained from:the bow.

Skit Thagger

Level 4, Gnosis 7

This blade has several-important properties: The
bite of this obsidian blade is grievously painful to spirits
(including all: manner of Banes); adding two levels
(notdice) of damage to any successful attack. But more
impressively, the dagger can pierce the Gauntlet. By
spending a Willpower point and making a successful
Gnosis roll (difficulty is: the Gauntlet rating),.the
wielder may make a single attack into the Penumbra:
Note that unless rhe Garou has some way of seeing
exactly where the spirit is, she is subject to the penal-
ties for fighting blind: There are two downsides to this
weapon. While the blade is practically umbreakable
when striking spirits (including materialized spirits but
not fomori), it reacts like volcanic glass when striking
anything. physical.(i-e.,..it's liable to shatter when
striking bone, wood, metal.or almost anything harder
than flesh). Also, spirits can sense the blade's presence
and react unfavorably to the bearer.. Heron spirits are
typically used to make a spirit dagger.

MET: This dagger deals two. additional lévels of
damage when wielded against spirits, and. by spendinga
Willpower Trait,.the wielder can make a‘single attack
across the Gauntlet (subject to normal blind-fighting
penalties unless she can see her target). However, used
against physical targets, the blade deals normal damage,

78 Uktfena

OLE nT AT A

and the wielder must win a Simple Test every time it is
uséd or it shatters immediately. Additionally, -most
spirits cam sense this fetish's presence and react to those
carrying it with distrust, putting them down one Trait
on. all Social.tests with spirits.

SSsa006 SE"

Level 5, Gnosis 7

The prisons that trap the Great .Banes cannot
contain their evil forever. The bindings weaken and
fade unless a Bane Tender is standing guard. But there
have always been too few Tenders, and even they must
sleep or periodically find refuge from the Tainted
energies lest they weaken and fall..The Bane Seal acts
as the lock on the spiritual prison, giving the guardians
an extra measure-of security.

This fetish varies in appearance. Some are-simply
slabs of rock carved with runes; others take the form of
elaborate sand paintings. A powerful Weaver spirit is
bound. to the fetish. Although it rarely enters willingly,
it'can't go against its nature and.is socom hard. at work
keeping the energy strands of the Bane prison ordered
and strong. The Seal issetin an important location close
to the Bane (usually on.the ground above its resting
place or at thé mouth of the cave which traps it). Upon
activation, the Seal must be fed Gnosis to sustain the
spirit's strength —— depending on the Bane's strength, it
may require 5 Gnosis per month or even more (alter-
nately, the Storyteller may rule that the Seal requires
one Gnosis for every success scored in the initial bind-
ing). If not fed the proper amount, the strands of the
prison begin to weaken until they fail. Sorme Garou bind
spirits that can siphon-spiritual energy directly froma
caern (or anetwork of caerns), further safeguarding the
Bane prison. Small-wonder, then that the disruption
caused by invasion or destruction of caerns resulted-in
the release of many great evils.

Level 6, Gnosis 9

The Ulunsuti is a rare, if not unique; object, for in
order to-get it, one of Great Uktena's most powerful
children must die..On the forehead of anvuktena is a
cléar crystal, large as a dinner plate and hard as dia-
mond, with a blood-red streak running through the
center from the top to the bottom.

The powers ascribed to this stone are many, but
chief among them is the ability to prophesy, seeing
images of the future in the crystal "as a tree is reflected
in the quiet stream." In addition, the owner is said to
be able to see anywhere he can name, and even cast his
eye into the distant past: He is also gifted with luck in
his.endeavors, so long as the stone's hunger is sated.


But as withall such power, there is a price to wield
it. The Ulunsuti must be given blood every seven days
(half a pint — the blood of a-small animal will do),
which soaks into the stone and makes the streak shim=
mer. Twice a year,.it must drink the blood of a large
animal; such as a-deer. Some wise men warn that the
stone must never be given more than a little human or
Garou blood, for it will learn. to crave only that and
accept no other kind. Since no one currently admits to
having an ulunsuti, there is no way to confirm this.

If the stone isn't fed properly, it flies through the
air at night and drinks its fill from-the owner or his
people. In addition, it is ramored to allow only its
owner to touch it, attacking anyone else who ventures
within reach. When not in use it must be wrapped in
a whole deerskin placed im an earthen pot and hidden
in-a dark place (a cave is preferable). If the owner
interids to store it away for along time; he must tell the
stone he won't need it fora long time, and (hopefully)
it will go to sleep; it must be fed before he again tries to
useit, or it will drain his blood.

When the owner dies, the stoné must be placed
upon his chest; otherwise the Ulunsuti hunts for him
every night (presumably feeding as it does so) for seven
years before going into Slumber. In-either case, after
seven years it may be awakened..If the Garou feeds it
‘blood and successfully attunes it, he becomes the new
owner (if the Garou fails; the awakened crystal goes
back to sleep beside his bloodless corpse).

SMCL.

Uktena typically have talens from their specific
cultural heritage. For'example, an Hawaiian Uktrena
may have a lei talen, whereas an. Uktena of African
ancestry may possess a talen in the form of a colorful
sash of cloth -or a piece of jewelry.

Sit TP Cn.

Cinosis 6

‘This arrow has sun designs along the shaft and
sometimes the fletching as well. When loosed, -this
arrow flares with the light of the sun, blinding enemies
and searing vampires within 20 feet of its path: Even at
greater distances, Leeches fear its light, which is why
some werewolves use the arrows as signal flares. After it
strikes home; the arrow continues to burn for a number
of rounds equal to the successes on the archer's Gnosis
roll, doing two levels of aggravated damage (those who
can soak fire damage do so at a difficulty of 9). After the
final round, the arrow is consumed to ash. One of the
brood of Helios must be bound into this talen:

MET: A sun arrow illuminates the area as brightly
as daylight, and provokes frenzy tests in any vampites

Se cee emer en ene PE ee

or other light-sensitive creatures nearby. Only those
directly struck by it suffer any actual damage, however.
‘The arrow deals aggravated fire damage, and continues
to burn after it strikes, dealing one level of aggravated
damage to the target each turn afterward. This lasts
until the target takes an action to remove it or three
turns have passed, and the fire cannot be quenched by
water or other conventional means.

lLiwor: ¥2vxf
Gnosis 5

Priests iri Mesoamerica used a black paste similar
to this to bring visions and to inspire fear..'Though
fairly rare (the mixture of crushed and burned poison-
ous insects ‘and plants is tricky to reproduce), jars of
Vision. Paint still find their way into Uktena septs
throughout the world. When rubbed all over the body,
this ointment boosts Stamina-by one for every two
successes on. a Gnosis roll, up-to double the normal
Stamina.eAt the Storytellers option, it may also in-
crease the chances for 4 vision. The effects last for six
hours, plus*one hour per dot.of Stamina in the im-
proved totral..One the effects wear off, both Stamina
and Strength are at +2 for the same number of hours.
Because the talen requires total skin contact, it is only
effective in Homid and Glabro forms.

MET: Those wearing vision paint receive the free
Physical Trait: Tough, as well as a frée retest on all
Enigmas, Meditation ot Occult tests related to receiving
or deciphering visions while the paint is active. Vision
paint lasts for the remainder of the scene, and for the
scene afterward the wearer is two Traits down due to
dizziness and exhaustion.

SOPLUL

As stated previously, Uktena enlist the patronage
of totem spirits almost as a matter of course .. Given the
tribe's respect and understanding of spirit ways, many
totems are glad to lend them power and instruction.
Below are just a few additional totems available to
Uktena characters. -

SPOS Of FOgLef

These ‘spirits deal with concepts such as' honor,
diplomacy and sage advice. Many Uktena of great
renown have chosen totems of respect for their packs.

SULE SO KEY

Background Cost: 5°

Roaming Turtle Island from the woods and swamps
of the southeast to-the hills of the northwest, wild
turkeys are known for their keen eyesight and ability to
blend in with their surroundings. These birds are wary

Chapter TAree: Deep Waters 79

L

-and watchful, and quite intelligent when compared to

their doltish domestic cousins. Wild Turkey is a proud
totem, honorable and alert for danger. Packs dedicated
to Wild Turkey make exceptional sentries, and thus
are favored as scouts and guardians.

Traits: Wild Turkey grants his packs +2 Percep-
tion (with the exception of smell rolls) and the Gift:
Blending. Packs: also gain' an. additional die when
trying to impress or intimidate.

Ban: Wild Turkey is outraged at rhe depth of sheer
stupidity his domestic relations have sunk-to..Pack
members must never use or consume any product from
domestic turkeys (this is trickier than it sounds).

MET: Turkey's packs gain the Discerning and
Traits, as wéll as the Blending Gift. They are one?

on all Social tests to impress or intimidate op]

Voyetat Of 7 Ug

War toterns, as may be expected, embx
for battle and predation: They often best
related to valor, tactics-and Rage..Ukte
have a reputation for coolness under fire, a
determination is often the boon of a tor
loyal follower.

ae Mtonwer

Background Cost: 7°"

Though sluggish arid hard to rouse
angered this desert dwelling liza d clam
death grip to let its poisonox
wound. Packs dedicated toG
but tenacious in-a fight.

Traits: Packs receive the Gitts:
cable Grip.

Ban: Gila's*torpid nature rub
They receive a -1 penalty on Ini
conditions the penalty is -2.-

MET: Gila's favored children gain the listed Gifts,
but are considered to have one' less. Trait than they
actually possess for purposes of determining the order of
actions in aturn. In cold conditioris; this increasés to two
Traits lower than normal. It does not affect their actual
Trait totals for the purposes of resolving ties or overbids.

Ptetitatnglrd

Background Cost: 6

In some ways the opposite of Gila Monster, Hum-
mingbird embodies swiftness and precision. He can fly in
all directions or hover: But he can't stay still long, for his
speed comes at a price ——a hunger that cannot be denied.

Traits: Hummingbird favors his packs with the
Gift: Spirit of the Fray. Furthermore, he grants each
pack member an additional two dots of Dexterity.

a passion
blessings

SO Ukfena

OLE LT LT A

ative rolls: in cold:

While in the Umbra, each pack member can hover or
fly up to their lupus running speed, though without
obvious wings.

Ban: Hummingbird has a voracious appetite, and
demands that his packs supply him -with:a-point of
Gnosis per day:

MET: In addition to the listed Gift, followers of
Hummingbird gain Quick and Energetic Physical Traits,
and can hover or fly in the Umbra.

Soret of bl Ugdera

Totems of wisdom reward their followers with
ledge of hidden plates and things. This, of course,
bem natural allies of the Uktena.

Bac ground Cost: 3
Dragonfly is ever watchful for prey or threats, but
her stillness explodes into swift actions as she pounces.
Though not acommon pack totem, she is respected by
many Garou as.a fearsome pond predator.
x onfly's packs receive two extra dots in
dditional dot of Brawl.
Sher children to show patience
and deliberation, but to act swiftly and decisively
when & decision is reached. She also asks that the pack
do whatever it cafi to protect dragonflies (frequently,
is means halehig insecticide use ina given. locality,

rally promote stealth, trick-

these spirits, but the Uktena have great respect for their
wiles atid-eften take them.as pack or sept totems.

Rowden tier

Background Cost: 3

Relying more on fast footwork than wings for
escape, Roadrunner symbolizes both an agile body and
equally agile mind. Packs who follow Roadrunner are
known for quick thinking and mental flexibility.

Traits: Roadrimner grants her packs -an additional
dot in Intelligence,as wellas an additional dot in Enigmas.

Ban: Roadrunner's packs may not hunt roadrun-
ners, and they must do what they canto protect desert
lands from destruction and defilement.

MET: Roadrunner's children gain the Knowledge-
able Trait, as well as a free level of Enigmas.

=|


xz ‘Z
Ske Nie
Spirit allies are a vital part of the Uktena tribe.
The Gift Spirit Speech is widely known, and Uktena

consider talking to spirits with respect and deference
part of their regular duties as Garou.

Attributes vary, usually one higher than their
lesser kin. For example, the Animal Father of Deer
(listed in Werewolf: The Apocalypse) would have
Willpower 5, Rage 5, Gnosis 7, Essence 17.

Charms: -Airt' Sense, -Mateérialize, Peek, Realm
Sense (centered around members of own. species),
Reform,-others appropriate to species.

Image: Animal Fathers generally appear as larger,
nobler, idealized versions of their species. Alternately;
one may appear more innocuous if it suits its purpose.

History: Each specieshasan Animal Father, known
by some cultures as "Lord of the Eagles," "King of Deer,"
and so on, watch over and influence those they repre-
sent. They know where all their kind are, how they live
and how they die.-Animal Fathers representing. prey
species are especially concerned with their fates, mark-
ing how hunters kill them. What a squirrel knows, the
Animal Father of Squirrels knows. Wendigo and Uktena
are careful to appease the spitit Fathers of prey every
season. in-order to keep game plentiful,and to make

special sacrifices or quests during lean times when food
isscarce. Garou who act exceedirigly honorably -—— always
making quick, clean kills, never failing to pérform-a
Prayer for the Prey ~— never fail to scent prey..Con-
versely, Garou who "play with their food" or frequently
kill more than. is needed may find themselves unable to
locate game. Septs who don't take care of local game
(conserving prey and thanking the animal spirits) find
that no more deer and rabbits are born in their territory;
such. is the retribution of the Fathers.

Habitat: Each Father is said to have a lodge in the
Near Umbra from which to watch his kind. It may also
wander ina spiritual locale that would suit its physical
counterpart.

Spiritual Correspondences: What the spirit may
represent depends on the -species.. However, . these
watchers also represent the consequences of abusing
nature's bounty.

Material Correspondences:- Food for or relics
(bone, hair,-etc) of the species in question; tobacco.

Gift Lore: Anirnal Fathers teach any Gift taught by
their lesser kin (Rabbit teaches Hare's Leap, for ex-
ample)..Any Animal Father can teach the Minor Rite
Prayer for the Prey, asking nothing save that the student
practice it regularly. The Fathers also have the power to


surmmon their children, or to iticrease or decrease the
fruitfulness of their children in a given area.

Taboos: To the disrespectful, teach nothing ex-
cept perhaps a painful or humiliating lesson.

Attitude: Generally aloof; respectful of those de-
setving of it, disdain or anger for the cruel or the garne-
waster.

Chiminage: One must always treat any Animal
Father with great respect. Except the rite mentioned
above, the spirit does no favors to those who mistreat
or disregard the Father's children. For favors granted,
they usually request that the pack avoid killing that
species for a moon or more. The creation or mainte-
nance of prime habitat also pleases them.

Lauer Che 4a
Willpower 7, Rage 9, Gnosis 10, Essence 26

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize; R.
Peek; Blast (Heat), Suggestion

crystal or gemstone, the-u
head like a diamond. Its c

the more common ukten:
300 feet long (with corre
and Great Uktena is 4s.

History: Humans have long feared the great horned
serpents, uktena being but one of their names. They
were said to lure their prey (whether deer or bird or man)
by mimicking cries of loved ones; and, when they were
in sight, mesmerizing them with the dazzling light from
the crystal on their forehead. Some said the hate in their
eyes could strike a man dead, or worse, curse his family
with death. Even their blood could kill with'a touch:

The greatest of the uktenas left the world -for
Galunlati in the days before the Intruders, but the
radical changes in the world have begun to pique their
curiosity. Of course, the inquisitive nature of an ukterna
spirit cam bring dire consequences. A rumor circulates
among the tribe (though never spoken in the presence
of outsiders) that an uktena was drawn to the Trinity
site out of curiosity; when the first nuclear bomb was
detonated the spirit was corrupted and mutated, be-
coming the first Thunderwyrm.

Habitat: Most Uktena (and nearly all of the larg-
est specimens) reside in the realm of Galunlati. Those
in the Penumbra .are attracted to water, as well.as
nearby high places where they bask and hunt.

82 VUkKf ena

OLE LE LT eT EL A

Spiritual Correspondences: Knowledge, stealth,
secrets

Material Correspondences: Fresh water, snakeskins,
crystals (esp. clear or reddish jewels) and uktena scales.
Puzzles or strange devices may also be used. as lures.

Gift Lore: Uktena teach Gifts pertaining to‘con-
cealment, stealth, water, hidden and dangerous lore,
and basic deception Gifts such as Mimicry.

Taboos: "An uktena-may be quickly killed by
piercing its heart, which lies behind the seventh spot/
band from the head (although it looks no different and
for system purposes; Armor won't cover that area).
This fact isknown by very few; pointing out that you
know this can get its undivided attention, but may well
provoke an attack. Uktena dislike great birds of prey
such as Thunderbird.

Attitude: To happen upon an-uktena, especially
when it is resting or hunting, is to find a hostile spirit.
aA safer way of dealing with one isto engage its curiosity
singing elaborate riddles. If
dit, it may leave'clues that
ut the searcher can never
nal, nor whether the
or have a snack.
hear newly uncovered
Gnosis or information
a good idea. For larger
md onerous quests; such as

ok from the Abyss.

sure the clues
uktena seeks to gr

before asking

Willpower 4, Rage 5, Gnosis 6, Essence 16

Charms: Airt Sense; Armor, Materialize, Peek

Image: Although turkey spirits sometimes take
the form of a hen, they usually appear as a fine speci-
men of a large gobbler, with a great fan of tail feathers,
long "beard" growing from | its chest and long sharp
spurs on. its legs. - *

History: Turkeys were hunted in the Americas
from time out of mind. Turkey spirits watched to make
sure their physical brethren were properly thanked for
their lives. Some saw the strutting male as-a totem of
war, with its long scalp lock beard and its scalped head.
‘Though that isn't the case for Turkey spirits, they will
scrap if offended.

Habitat: Turkey Gafflings ¢an ofteri be found in
Umbral Glades and Penumbral woodlands -and hills
corresponding to the favored habitat of their earth-
bound counterparts.

Spiritual ~Correspondences: Turkey ~Gafflings
embody alértness,- stealth and-survival.

=|


Material Corréspondetices: A turkey feather (or
some other body part)-is usually required when sum-
moning this bird spirit, but for the greatest success; the
summoner should take the time to call the bird spirit. A
turkey call is available at any sporting goods store,
although handmade is better..Hen calls are enticing,
while gobbler calls imply challenge; either may work.
Dawn isthe preferred time tosummona Turkey Gaffling.

Gift Lore: Turkéy Gafflings teach Gifts related to
stealth, survival, visual perception, and gifts dealing
with impressing or intimidating others, such as the
Gift: Strut.

Taboos: A' Turkey spirit demands respéct from
those who seek his aid. A Garou that doesn't regularly
practice the Prayer for the Prey~has little hope of
successfully bargaining with this spirit.

Attitude: This sharp-eyed spirit is wary of Garou,
but anyone that takes the time and effort tocallhimin
(and do it well) has earned his attention and a measure
of favor. Still, he takes his time before agreeing to any
request that isn't obviously in his best interest (such as
entering a fetish). A Turkey Gaffling tends to trust

Uktena and Wendigo more than othertribesythough...
Ae :

he may deal with any trib
ter results in a. frig
insulted bird spury

Chiminag balance between ‘respect
and pride keeps ‘Gaffling's atrenrion. Gifts of
corm or acorns are % appreciated. Thé spirit seldom
asks for more than the protection of some good habitat
or for the Garou to refrain from killing or eating his
earthbound kind for a season.

Kaerned and St of Nove

Uktena strongholds range from across the south-
eastern United States, including the southern Atlan-
tic coast, the southern Appalachians and around the
Gulf of Mexico; across Texas and past the border with
Mexico; and into the desert southwest. Orher notable
Uktena septs also exist in Hawai'i, Australia and New
Zealand, and rumors abound of forgotten' septs in
South America. Since Russia is now more accessible,
Uktena of North America have also re-forged ties with
old septs in Siberia..The following is a short list of
Uktena caerns of note.

Aitprvifpon

Located in the heart of Australia and the Outback;
the Sept of the Waking Dream was first established in the
nineteenth century. It is an exclusive group, comprised
only of Uktena descended from aborigines, and their

hapless werewolf. ~

caern is one of Enigmas, devoted to Uktrena himself. The
sept members devote much of their time to studying the
loss of the Bunyip and ways they might be restored.
Caern: Level 4
Gauntlet: 3

JSitt of ple Sprit S pone, Siterta

On the harsh Siberian taiga; nestled ina Yakut
village,-is another sept whose totem is Uktena. The
members of the Sept of the Spirit Stone are almost
éxclusively Uktena, though they do welcome Stargaz-
ers from time to time. The caern itselfis located on the
site of the 1908 Tunguska explosion, and what these
Uktena keep very quiet is what rests beneath the caern:
the Zmei called Trevero. Recent events in Russia have
prompted these secretive Uktena to grudgingly take a
greater interest in the affairs of all Garou in the region:

Caern: Level 3

Gauntlet: 3

SES of Ylie Citawt F bats, Pxryfors CELY

Currently an offshoo of the larger arid more pow-
located on -the nearby
and Sept has astrange
toatan called this
@ sacrificed itself,
: mand claimed the
caern before it could fade way caern's name cores
from the beautiful arcing waterfall near the heart of the
bawn; in winter; the falls freeze, appearing almost like
five fingers of ice hovering over the rocks below..‘The
Uktrena honored the totem, Fog, and kept the caern
sécure until being overwhelmed by Black Spiral Danc-
ers‘in the late 1950s. For nearly a-decade the Wyrm-
tainted Garou defiled the caern, searching in vain fora
great Wyrm fetish that was rumored to exist within its
bawn. In the mid 1960s,three packs of Ukrena laid siege
to the. Black Spirals,-raiding the enemy -and slowly
bleeding away their strength until finally crushing their
foes and restoring the caern.

But as the years passed, the Garou presence weak-
enéd at the caern: Frequent battles left many casualties
and no replacements: Around 1975, some young Shadow
Lords offered to help in the caern's defense, leaving the
beleaguered defenders little choice but to-accept aid.
Only a few Uktena remained in the sept; others joined
their old brethren at the Sept of Seven Clans.

Still, all was not well at the caerns Some Shadow
Lords believed that the Ukrena had left sore of their dark
magic to taint the caern, and they were wary... though
not cautious enough. About two years ago, two packs of
Black Spiral Dancers attacked the caern, slaughtering the

history. In ‘prebiistorie times, .th
caern of Enigmas home,W hen :

CAapter Three: Deep Waters 83

SN

=|
4

3

sept in'a hard-fought battle. All that remairied of the
Shadow Lords were a few maimed Kinfolk and a couple
of untried cubs. Desperate, these youngsters decided to
seek outside help before the Spirals raided: the caern
again. Within a few days, two packs of Uktena from the
Sept of the Seven Clans weré on the scene, effectively
taking over the sept for the second time.

Caern: Level 3

Gauntlet: 3

J fe Tondo rtser Settt:TLZORA

The Roadrunner Sept guards an ancient caern of
Wits, and the sept members honor their totem by using
itsnameastheirown. Thesept consists of several packs
and totals about'50 members. It is based south of the
Cow Springs rock formation, not too far from Zihi-
Dush-Jhini Peak, in meandering lands that touch both
the Navajo and Hopi reservations. While almost ex-
clusively Uktena, the sept had a decent relationship
with the nearby Wendigo Sept of the Painted Sands,
until that sept fell recently to attacking forces of the
Wyrm. Now about a third of the Roadrunner Sept has
traveled to the Painted Sands caern to guard it against
further incursions. Most members of the Roadrunner
Sept. devote themselves to studying, interestingly
enough, Aztec culture and artifacts.. Many have Kin
nearby who are farmers or ranchers.

Caern: Level 4

Gauntlet: 3

MA takong 1 Séary

This is especially for Storytellers, although players
might enjoy working some spooky elements into their
character backgrounds, too. These are just a few ideas for
increasing the panic and fear factor in your Uktena setting.

Anxiety: As individual stories are woven into the
full-fledged chronicle, more and moré events should
carry a hint of doom. Escapés become narrower; the
enemy gets stronger and uses the characters' wéeak-
nesses against them. The bottom line is that~ the
players should be biting their nails and on the edge of
their seats each time the Storyteller begins the session.

Dark Secrets: Lost tomes of Wyrm cults, ancient
and powerful artifacts, fetishes made by Gaia-knows-
what kind of creatures ——- these are all examples of the
enigmas Uktena simply can't resist. Tossing these into
the chronicle is sure to arouse the characters' inter-
est... and pull them into danger:

Suspense: Successful Storytelling with the Uktena
must involve building some level of apprehension. A
wise Storyteller paces the elements of the mystery with
care, giving enough tidbits away to keep the players

84 Ukfena

LEE Ln TT iT LL A A

interested, but not revealing the whole picture until the
time is right. Expectations should build gradually, and
then cOme crashing down on the characters' heads:

Temptation: Even the noblest werewolf can fall
victim to temptation,-and the Uktena are far from
exceptional in this regard. Who among them wouldn't
be enticed by a-powerful talen of unknown origins?
Wouldn't acanny Crescent Moon want to know what
the defeated witch had in his medicine bag? The
potential risks shouldn't matter; the thirst for knowl-
edge is too great to resist.

O08 TORO CAE

The following books are good resGurces by both
native peoples and cultural outsiders that offer unique
perspectives and detailed insights. Hopefully, they'll
provide some interesting parallels to Uktena society.

* A Forest of Time by Peter Nabokov. Nabokov
analyzes the relationship of history, myth and cultural
identity in the stories, religion and folklore of the
American Indian. A useful work for building a context
of oral rather than literary culture.

© From a Native Daughter by Haunani-Kay Trask.
Trask, a professor at the University of Hawai'i, writes
provocative essays in this book, filled with a righteous
anger. She's a leader in the Hawai'ian sovereignty
movement, and her writing chronicles her experiences
against colonialism-in her home.

© Non-Western Educational Traditions by Timothy
Reagan. A well-written perspective on how cultures
such-as -American Indians and traditional African
peoples learn from elders and through teaching tools
such as games and oral traditions. This book has some
wonderful inspiration for how werewolves might edu-
cate new tribe members and design a Rite of Passage.

* Borderlands: La Frontera; the New Mestiza by
Gloria Anzalduia. Weaving her words in English and
Spanish, among narrative-and- poetry, Anzaldda talks
about living, working and dwelling in two cultures, on
both physical and spiritual planes. This work is both
history and reflection on existence in dual worlds.

© Encyclopedia of Native' American .Réligions .by
Arlene Hirschfelder and Paulette Molin. This volume
contains over 1,200 entries for ceremonies, religious
movements; court cases, prophets and shamans, and
important places and events.

© - Atlas of the North American Indian by Carl
Waldman: A comprehensive work that manages to
¢€ram 40,000 years of North and Mesoamerican history
into less than 400 pages (granted, the majority of the
work is for the historical period). "A very worthwhile
volume:


© The Southeastern Indians by Charles Hudson.
This text covers culture, beliefs and history of the one
of the richest Native American cultures north of
Mesoamerica.

* Darkthunder's Way by Tom Deitz. This fantasy
novel, one in a series, gives a modern take on the
mythical uktena monster and how it interacts with
other mystical forces.

@ History, Myths, and Sacred Formulas of the Chero-
kees by James Mooney. It's over 100 years old, but this
book remains one of the most thorough ethnologies of
the Cherokee in North Carolina.

© American Indian Myths .and Legends édited by
Richard Erdoes and Alfonso Ortiz. One hundred and
sixty tales are divided up by topic; from the creation to
the end of the world. This volume is especially useful
for Songkeepets and Tricksters. :

® Anything by Sherman Alexie, including the
film Smoke Signals and the books Reservation Blues and
The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven. Alexie

CAapter TAree: Deep Waters

has a keen wit and the ability to stir both anger and
amusement in his readers when discussing the various
stereotypes of Indians. and outsiders. His works are
lyrical and mystical, with-a° knack for making you
engage iri some deep thinking.

© The works, both fiction and nonfiction, by Tony
Hillerman. The Chee/Leaphorn mysteries are useful
both for mood and inspiration, since knowledge of
Hopi and Navajo spirituality is-as essential as keen
deductive reasoning to solving a case. This series helps
to make the basic mindset of these two desert tribes
more accessible to non-Indians.

© The short stories of Manly Wade Wellman:
Most gamers know H.P.-Lovecraft, but the works of
Wellman may be less familiar. His writing has a keen
edge, as the characters are everyday people with ex-
traordinary wisdom. Set inthe backcountry of the
Appalachians, Wellman's tales provide lots of ideas for
things werewolves weren't meant to know.

85

a a A TY A TG

|


Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the
process he does not become amonster. And when you look
long into the abyss; the abyss also looks into you.

-—Priedrich Nietzsche; Beyond Good and Evil

Even while they pursue mysteries and secrets, the
Uktena are inmany ways a conundrum unto themselves.
Since they can't resist seeking out lost lore and darksecrets,
many members of the tribe dance along a dangerous edge
over an abyss. On one side is the power that knowledge of
things hidden and foul can provide; on the other is the
seductive lure of such secrets. Many Uktena find them-
selves overwhelmed and tormented by the very wisdom
they wish to use only for the good of the Garou Nation.
Their fall into the abyss is headlong and unchecked.

To outsiders, and Wyrmcomers in particular,
the Uktrena seem close-mouthed, secretive and

perhaps a bit sinister.. For the vast majority of
Uktena; nothing could be further from the truth.
They don't talk openly about what they know for
many reasons, chief among them fear -of what
would happen -to outsiders who'd have no‘clue
about what they might.be confronting. Uktena
also see some. Wyrmcomers~as- weak in spirit;
they'd be unable to resist the temptation of power
from dark places. Finally, certain Uktema believe
that they alone have been chosen-by Gaia and
their own totem to be the keepers'of secrets and
dangerous lore.

Chapter Four: From Bottomless Pools 87

LL _ LL


. wwe em ce insmod
Srifegrajed ! Ieafer ae, anal CEVUA lama
Quote: I don't care ifit sounds "too granola;" if youdo what 4

le
Isa ou'll feel better: Name: Breeds Hemid Pack Name: 4
Yo Dd fe . Player: Auspice: Ragabash Pack Totem: , 4
Prelude: You gréw up one generation off the reserva- Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Integrated Heate:
—_ wre

tion, born to Kinfolk parents who probably knew something .- 4 cian cet wrtad
aha

hs
attention. People from all walks of life were spreading the word

about werewolves, but didn't ever mention it to-you. They Sererigth, @e000 | Charisma @ee@Oo" Perception, #2006 ¢
: - . De: i: BS i i i He eect!
. seemed somewhat desperate to just "fit in" as suburban, Semina. "eeeco escco | Wis se
——- middle class drones. Cashing in.on the government's schol- we Ab eS
; : vos : Fa SE Xx&
arship fund for minotrities, your wits got you through college Alene Om  eeoco Animal Ken soon. Commune MOF,
+ " Achletics. OOO CES ee OOOO . Enigmas oo
and into a decent med school. Just after your first year, the Brawt Drive :
. . ‘ : Dod Eri La
First Change hit you hard, scrambling your world like eggs mips Firearms, 60000 ne
ina blender. Fortunately, you met up witha mixed pack that Intimidation SO00e Melee @occe alk,
: Primal-U orf i
included some urban Uktena,and Streetwise Ssooo | Sean wocce | Ri
they showed you the ropes. Subterfuge #0000 —— Science.
' ceenarervie naea ams
° . Much..to.éveryone's sur- Zeeckigronmedt apse
. . 'e * i
prise, you opted to finish Allies — 000 BEST a
. medical school,.-albeit Kinfe #/ J @a000
" 4 ; : : : a eeoco0a
with a slight twist. 20000 es
; Flipping through a aie lames pia:
. news. magazine, you e@eeeonv0e9 Bruised
' i Hare Bi
F spotted how so-called - z : oonoooooooo Injured "1
. SSeS el : ~ Wounded "-2
8 .. "integrative .medi- Fo x Mauted 22
: , , S ct iy , s e@eeocoo00o0 Crippled "S
, cime' was Pairing - . aoonoDoDnRoOoOoOoUo incapacitated
7 : more and AY ~V oO CD00 00° PUN TPalllcat" Pincisine ht mbtioe
* eenmeeecooce INTENSE CURIOSITY
; | ‘ 4 "s aAgnaoBooOooogO
: ; ; . : a about how Eastern-style medicine, chiropractic, osteopathy,
f Wa

98
g
8

300

Cojgotce

e0oo0o
ooggoue

gooz00
a

go

Co Oo Oo
Co. Oe to
Co Oo Oo

Co
ce
YCo

roa al

herbalism and a lot of related stuff were proving to be as helpful as
Western-style medicine. And combining the two approaches with an eye to
thé specific needs of the sick and injured was more powerful still. A few phone calls
later,-and you easily found your way into a start-up program where, unlike in
traditional med school, your provocative questions were considered a gift, not an
annoyance. Now you're ready to take what you've learned back out into the
world. You're interested in serving the werewolves, but also in trying to make
a change for the better among your human and wolf Kin as well.

Concept: Your core belief is that no single approach can cover the vast array
of illnesses that people suffer. Tailoring the treatménit t6 the patient is extremely
important to you, whether it's using aromatherapy, calling for a spiritual blessing
or prescribing a drug. One thing that makes you crazy is the "drive through"
mentality of the current health system. You'd like to use your influence and skills
to make healing a work ofharmony that repairs mind, spirit and body, and it sure
doesn't happen overnight. :

Roleplaying Notes: While gentle arid teasing with children, you also have

a sharp tongue that can spur adults into action when they've been complacent
in caring for their own health..-Among the werewolves, you're getting a rep as
someone who listens respectfully, but also isn't afraid to express an opinion or
question. an elder's ideas, if they seem flawed. Usually, you keep it polite, but you've
been known.to blurt out what you're really thinking,-instead of keeping quiet.
You've not gotten too. many scars from this attitude, fortunately. Patience is
something you're trying hard to cultivate.
Equipment: Healing bag, herbs, pocket-sized reference books


SE

A Pango it¢t C4 Or

Quote: It's an excéllent piece, and we'll be proud to have it
in our collection. I will take personal responsibility for the
cataloging and display.

Prelude: Compared to some metis; you had a fairly easy
upbringing..One-of your parents remained close by and
reared you near a-tight-knit community -of Kin. and
werewolves where hearing stories of ancestors and the past
was almost anightly event. Granted, you were always on the
outskirts of the circle, but they still let you listen: Your
relatives didn't ignore the strong connections you had with
the spirits, either, and many times you spoke with voices
from other places and times. Maybe that's why
life wasn't as horrible for you as it was for some
other metis. "The First Change came as a joy of
something long promised that finally has

arrived, and you took your place as a Cres-
cent Moon-in training after
completing your Rite
of Passage. Then,
the-shit hit
the fan.

don't quite
recall-if they
were Black Spirals orsome
other kind of W/yrm-in-
fested nightmare. The
creatures' demolished the
sept, killed most of the Kin and
wiped outalmost all the werewolves.
You'd have perished, too, if you hadn't
been knocked clear of the fight and out of
your senses for a couple of hours; your poor
constitution didn't help matters, either. By the
time you recovered, the carnage had ended.
The few remaining Kin and young, untried
sept members helped you bury the dead. The
pale scar-on your temple serves as a grim re-
minder of losing your family and the end of whar
you thought was your destiny.

The caern was located near a city, and
that's where you first found help from other
werewolves, some Uktena, many from other
tribes. One of your new friends mentioned she
had some contacts ina local museum and might

be able to get you. .a job as a consultant on
"native" artifacts. Coming from a heritage that
included many roots, the tales you'd heard since
childhood gave you a decent background ‘in
folklore, and landing the job was no problem.
Now, after a couple years doing grunt work,
you've moved up to become an assistant
curator..Much of the time, you re-

Chapter Four: From Bottomfless Pools

—— —————— ENS

a
3 —Ukeeni

4 WNaine: Breed: Metis Pack Name:
Player: Auspice: Theurge Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Concept: Museum Curator

a

\\ eee
Ne

Phighonl
Strength, BBOOOD Chavrisims: MBO
Dexterit Seen Manipulaci, Peeeo
Stamina, #0000 © Appearance... GOO

er Aas

Fainsty SME Ximermcfbeelpas
‘Alertness ammo .~ Animal Ken. wood © Computer o0b00
Athletics, NOOO |. Crafts. OOOoo - Enigmas al

: Drive_ Investigation
#000 |. Erique aw.

Dodge.
Empathy.

20000

Intimidation, MBI Melee.

Primal-Urge, SOBeO0 Performance, felele eles Polirics,
Streeewise, OOOO |. Stealth. eeoco | Rituals.
Subterfuge. @MOOE Survival, @@000 | Science,
ackigrosade _ cipgee agar
PBOOS init Speech
Contacts eoo00 . Mother's Touch
i SOOO
Bites #88OO
Q0000
ao gh eZ
sow Ot han ger < A kas
ee Gary Bruised a
200000060 SORE BOOOIDS Hure a1 a
8GO90O0000 Sango ooAoA Injured ao
ts tonor Wounded -2 a
Maule: 2 ao L
Bo oooeoeae eeeweecooo Crippled 3 a
Wiisclorn noon agoMooo incapacitared ao
eee ooo0o ooo LU; Pica PU aarhipra sp lie
ge OOOORBADA sgeeeweo00000 INTENSE CURIOSITY
4 nar iaed noaRoooRooa
a" on

search the origins of various artifacts that arrive at the
museum from outside sources, though occasionally, you do
the hunting yourself. The key part of your job is identifying
which items could help the werewolves. More than once, a
seemingly innocuous "bone dagger" has turned out to bea
talen or fetish. You carefully catalog everything and make
régular reports to the sept leader. No one thinks it's particu-
larly odd that an itém on exhibit is taken down for cleaning
or sent away on tour, at least not if your name is‘on all the
right paperwork.

Concept: While you grew up rural, you've had to-adapt
to life inthe city: And while some werewolves would balk at
using acar and other modern conveniences, it's not too bad.
You can always go spend some time in the otherworlds, if you
need°a-reminder of what you are and whom you serve.
Meanwhile; your job is to make sure that powerful talens and
fetishes don't fall into the wrong hands and, if used, serve the
needs of Gaia.

Roleplaying Notes: You've got a relatively easygoing
personality,-especially for a meétis, but an almost obsessive
interést in tracking down the source and origin. of artifacts
that enter the museum. While many Crescent Moons are
tied to their septs and caerns, you've got a great excuse to
travel among both. werewolves-and humans. You're not
afraid to go anywhere or do anything to get the most details
possible about the relics that land on your desk.

Equipment: Precision cleaning brushes and tools, dog-
eared notebook, four-wheel drive vehicle

89


a ° eine comme ra pacenin aumento,
Qusdte: My questions are meant to strengthen and to bond, ;
ip

never to harm, even if they seer strange to you. 4 Navies Bleed: Lupus Back Names
Player: Auspice: Philoclox Pack ‘Totem:
B. Chronicle: Camp: Concept: Kinseéker

Prelude: It's uncommon that a lupus grows up in asept

Wy

packmates from as early as youcan remember, and when you
went through the First Change, life didn't vary all thar much.
‘There were always routine tasks to-do, such as guarding the

Animal Ken,
Crafts

Eriques

figured you'd be a great sept leader some day, or at least have
your own pack. But Gaia had other plans:...

tae
Subcerfuge,

Firearms C0000
caern, patrolling the bawn, attending the moots. Most folks Leader eooo -~Medicin:
Performance, felerererel Politics,

Sewaleh,
Survival.

of both wolves and humans, but that's where you came from, emniicmarwnatiswiae waive ants TLS GALE ip fer se
an isolated island off the Atlantic coast where your family Sere weeoe Chari ween Perception er
could recall ancestors dating back to Africa.and even pre- Sennen Sess Nene SS BSS eens
Columbian times. You had both two-legged and four-legged eA LEELA

Takase AE Cnet rete

ow.
Linguisti

te Titre Saget

a

Shortly after your Rité of Passage, you felt ayearning to Benckprounde * cif _
leave the home you'd always known. It wasn't mere wander- gngegiers—__wooce - Heightened Senses
lust;"you looked around and saw the rich way of life your Mentor seece Shroud
human Kin had, and you also saw it was slowly slipping away 00000
in the midst of encroaching resorts and modern amenities. os poet maa — mee
Some locals were fighting hard to preserve the culture, with Glory ece . . cov00 Bruised a
reasonable success: That got you to thinking about those foo neooooae- @eno0oo00o injured nee
outside your home. Were there other people who were losing woe ee, 6 ovo Malet 020
their way of life, no thanks to greedy humans? You'd heard a2aG ae aagaa Ba ha ha ha a S a 2 S S eee ead
stories how once the Uktena chose their Kin-only from ooo 0 isdors odo LU: enantio" PN acrtE eat meee
Indians, but had later welcomed Africans, Hawai'ians and Zz iat o enen A @eeewwoon0n INTENSE CURIOSITY
people of mixed ancestry. Were there others maybe that the 4 1" GR BAe

tribe had over-

ae a
looked? What about the hidden places of the world? Maybe still more
forgotten and abandoned cultures needed to be brought into the
tribe as Kin. You decided to make it your mission tofind others who
could be welcomed into Uktena's brood.

The reaction from your packmates was, of course, highly
skeptical: Many felt you were wasting your skills as a mediator
and judge by leaving the sept and venturing into the unknown.
They respected your curiosity and desire for knowledge, but they
all thought you were taking the wrong approach by wandering
around looking for lost civilizations....or whatever you called what
you were seeking, espécially since you were born a wolf. Now you've
got-a-dual mission —— to find new potential Kinfolk and show
everyone that a lupus can make it in the outside world.

| os ; ad : fons Po Concept: You love living as"a wolf, among your ~packmates.
/ _ SAY) me liowever, you aré wise enough to know that this isn't the only patha
; . A werewolf can follow. The whole point of balance is living both asa wolf
and a human; as a Half-Moon,; this is quite clear to you. You have every
. intention of returning home some day to live with your family and Kin.
' Now, though, you have a quest to undertake. Maybe you'll find a new
pack to aid you in the hunt.
Roleplaying Notes: Ask lots of questions, even if you repeat yourself.
The whole reason why you're out wandering around is'to find new potential
Kinfolk, and you can't do that by being shy... Maybe you're a bit starry-eyed
and idealistic, but you sincerely believe Gaia and Great Ukteria have laid
this destiny upon you.
Equipment: Knapsack, some tabloid newspapers; tattered maps


Se nero ee ee
SUX way Singer emma seme
FY ALO seem more éffective if I slay evildoing ; "Okcenit

Spirits beforehand. Do you think that's cheating? ‘4 Name: Breed: Homid Pack Natiie:

- . Player: Auspice: Galliard Pack Totem:
Prelude: Growing up, you loved to. sit at-your ZZ Chronicle ‘amp: Concept: Wolf-way singer
we grandfather's knee and listen to the stories of the old times,: (9° 29 | eee ceny cee ee LISA EIEL A
: Pigthea" Seachat" Af arpaf"
and you hoped to one day become a Singer ——- an expert at Serengeh, eecoe ~Charisina weseo Perception weed
2 . * + : De: 4 i Sts a es
curing ceremonies ——-like him. Most youngsters carried Suman so88 | Nepebance S888 wet seoco
portable CD players of the latest rock groups; you toted caenarrnneemrersaiacse wit, Ogg SEs Eisen w Mi
: : + + * Tas SKE Agee
around recordings of your elders singing and telling stories. Be! weqoo " Anidial Ken e500 | Compe PO 65008
. ~ nics Crafts E
These were precious to you,' as few Singers ever allowed Ss ———— oe Be "SScoo * Invetigacien
Deda nen IO OO Eri nnn Law,
themselves to be recorded. Empathy. weoue | Firearms, GOOCe | Lingulsics
Leo? A & i O00 | Lead i 20000 ck
When your family's sheep began to die, your grandfa- Intimidation 0000 | Melee 000 | Occult
. n . : Primal-Lrge. 8000 Performa @eO00 Policics,
ther said it was the work of skinwalkers, the witches who Streetwise BO000 Steak OOGO | Rituals
: * . - Setborerr Fee cenanmaiinanenerd & H OH Tribal L.
worked their evil magic from a nearby mesa: Armed with the esas woos Lx Syuvn tary wae. oes
: : era meee am we Phas
bravery and ignorance of the young, you decided to puta Backgrevns ow
: + Contract: eeoce ~ Pe
stop to their wickedness: Kinfolk eecoo . Spirit ih
: Pure Breed Mindspeak
You meant to surprise aes poieien
;j OOoGogd
them, but they surprised = pig
you. Two grabbed you ES Goa Rage Pieaiihi
while -the third one ewe Se 6G eee MOO GOO" Broised yo 8
chanted as he leered sooo oeooo. 8AoAooaoaooK4 Injured oa
. Honor Coscede Wounded 2 QQ
at you with one ma- ooo oagooo ooo Mauled 2 a L
anonnmagangaadg.*frreoooos Crippled 3a
levolent eye... And Wiselorn naam agoooo Incapacitated a
; econo oo OO OOD FUL
you Changed with | oeaeesssass} =
a roar; killed 4

the .two 4

_
Fier" Pleakimett tic
eene nooo © INTENSE CURIOSITY
nogno0o0o00

and ran ye —ee
down the third as he fled: But to your horror, the skinwalker spell did not
fade. The rage you felt in the fight didn't go away, and when the waxing
moon shone down onthe land, the urge to take to four legs.was
overwhelming. Fearing for your life and shamed for letting this befall you,
: you-went to your grandfather, explained what had happened, and

begged for a ceremony to cure-you. He only smiled.

Now you know the truth: the attack of the mockeries brought
about your First Change. Your grandfather is Kinfolk, and your true
mother lives at the sept on the other side of the rez. Now your true

heritage is clear. But the heritage of your Kin is also your birthright,
and so you. continue to learn from your grandfather when you aren't
learning the lore of the Uktrena. You can.see the Changer's ways
hidden in. the rituals of the Diné, and it tnakes you burn for more. You -~
fairly race from mesa to canyon, for the old folks, the ones who heard
the old stories, are dying off quicker than youcan meet them. But they
talk to you, for you've éarned a reputation as a young but powerful
Singer yourself. Your words soothe the weary, while you and your pack
sweep away any evil spirits with claw and fetish.

Concept: You learn both the songs of the Uktena and those of your Kin;
these bring comfort to the Diné and inspiration to the Uktena. You feel the
whole point of your being here is to keep alive the stories of the past for future
generations of Garou and.-Kin alike.

Roleplaying Notes: Be respectful of elders, both Garou and otherwise.
Always listen carefully, for even incoherent mumbling may hide a truth.

Educate the young, make them want to learn the old ways, for in the
ancient traditions lies the path of harmony with the Mother.
Equipment: Jish bag,CDs and cassettes of old songs and stories

91

LUppE DBCLLPEGI OY"

Quote: You have a -problem with what I've done?
You've heard of the lesser of two evils, yes? Well, that
would be me.

Prelude: You had no trie memory of your folks,
though you dreamed about them often. All you knew
about your parents was what you heard from the aunt
who raised you —~ your father was a no-good, wicked
deviland your mother was a fool for loving such aman.
Even your persistent questions would get no more out
of her, so you turned your curiosity to other things:-.
like the fact that there were a lot of neighbors getting
sick and dying. Age, they said. Natural
causes. But you knew better, because
you saw the Shadow. It seemed to
gather in the corners of buildings, or
at the base of trees,-and you felt its
menace. One €vening you crept to a
barred window and saw the Shadow
settle around Old Man Roberts
in this easy chair. You saw -it
grow heavy and thick, and the
man went pale-and wheezed.
The world went strange, and
though you: couldn't save' the
old man, you tore the Shadow to
pieces.

Soon, your tribe came for you,
and they showed you the world is
full of Shadows, evil worse than
anything youcould imagine. Evil
that killed your parents.. The
knowledge shook. you-to the
core; since then, you've stud-
ied diligently, determined to
find out all you can about the
Wyrm -and -all its servants.
You listened .to. rhe elders
when the other cubs tussled
and goofed off. You read the
gatekeeper's books of an-
cient mysteries when - you
thought he wasn't looking.
Now the elders send you
whenever they suspect
fomori activity, mad cults or hid-
den Banes. You-investigate, then
you destroy; but-you know you're
only treatingsymptoms of the greater
disease.. The world is not a safe place,
but there is power to drive evil away if
only you can find and claim it.

mena, \ammaneammill

Ukfena

"Okcent

Breed: Homid Pack Name: . 4

Auspices Ahreun Pack Totem "ee

Concept: Dark Investigator'
WE

: 4 Warne:

Player:
Chronicle:

Phigaheel Atortat"
‘Strength, Seo"  Charisina, BSBOOO Perception. eee
Dexterity BOO Manipulation, Bee200 _ Intelligence. BROS
Stamina GOO |" Appearance, MOOSO i ORO
wide
wet ag A Ls ipglap
Fasbrste Sk Kmonserigat
Alermmess. BB8OOo Archery BEEOO Computer
Achierics, #000 2 Enign
Brawl_. ve, Inv vesttene ion.
Dodge. Exiquette, O0000
Empathy. OCOD |» Firearms. OOOO Linguistics
i OO000 fershi BOGE .. Medicine
Intimidation, MOOOO Melee. e000
Primal-Lirge, #28000 | Performance. 00000
Strmetwise, HOC | | Steal ROOD
Subcerfuge. BOOED Sarivel i  OOOOO «Wyrm Lore.
Backprosnate
A 'S. ooo ~ Master of
Kinfolk eoo0oo. Razer ‘Glaws.
i @o00ce | Aese Magic
Rites. PeO00
ferereteres =;
panareaimmrermanare wan 20 ata A on
R Rage Atta Ph
Glory Bruised Q
eesooacc0o00 SF Peeoooos Hure ai a
pDooggnoooOgog Foo oOoOoooO4 Injured "1 a
Honor Wounded "2 a
eco OOOO GeO Mauled 2 a L
soo eB oooood 8 eeeeo oo O98 Crippled "3 a
Wisclores noo0DpDoOoOoOoOoOo Incapacitared a
] aq ooo eo OO GG LU; amnesia Pp Beth" ARS ates pire pf mentiit
ae OOO OOO OOOO ,geeeewoooce INTENSE CURIOSITY
4 Part onpogoOoOoObaAa
ae a

Some Bane-Tenders have noticed you, but only
time will reveal whether you are destined to bea
great Wyrm-ehunter or another Uktena consumed
by the darkness.

Concept: You are drivén to discover more about
the Wyrm than. is good for you, and you're starting
to realize there's-a price tag. The nightmares are
more frequent, and your pack admonishes you for
being too grim and strange. The fact that, gradually,
you are moving beyond accepting to embracing
what you are becoming frightens you —~ but not as

much as it once did. _

Roleplaying Notes: Your girlish charm has atro-
phied with disuse. People are fools to play dominance
games and goof off when the heralds of the world's end
wander through the spirit world every day... You see
everything through .a pall,-and ironically the-only
solace is to delve more deeply into the horrible myster-
ies of Grandfather Snake.

Equipment: Notebook filléd with transcribed pas-
sages and odd symbols, a Lovecraft paperback (for light
entertainment), candles and other ritual materials, a
few talens.


kena apa J late Sacviar

The blood of the Uktena tribe has, over time,
shown. up in many different places..Thesé warriors,
sages, tricksters, mystics and lawgivers have all offered
unique tales to the tribe. Some of the following Uktena
are long dead, while others still have stories to tell and
tasks to complete.

Sgeoyata, Sipe Lh yglier

A.-distant relation -to the well-known - Half-
Moon Spearcatcher, Tysoyaha was-a Miccosukeé
No-Moon who likewise made a strong case for
including freed slaves and other persons of African
descent in the greater Uktena tribe. Her human Kin
had a long history of pride and independent think-
ing, and the best of these traits appeared in Tysoyaha,
Sun Daughter.

Descendents of the Creek, the Miccosukee éven-
tually setrled much of the southern regions of modern-
day Florida, especially around the swamplands of the
Everglades. This- was. certainly not by choice, as
Wyrmbringers intent on relocating all Indian peoples
to the west forced the Miccosukee otit of the upper
panhandle region at various periods in the early and
mid 1800s. Only scant numbers of Miccosukee sur-
vived in the south, along with some of rheir Changing
brothers and sisters. They had to make many changes
in their lifestyle, the most difficult being the loss of
their staple crop, yellow maize. Still, hunting was good.
The Miccosukee recalled that in their creation stories,
they had fallen' from the heavens into a great lake.
Changers like Tysoyaha wondered ifin some way, they
were not being returned to a place of beginnings; safe
in the south from the Wyrmbringers.

The Miccosukee weren't the only ones to sée the
sub-tropical lands as a perfect place to remain hidden
from Wyrmbringers. Over time, many slaves fled to rhe
swarnps; most were descended from African captives,
sold into bondage and brought to the New World in
chains. Some were of mixed blood,.part white, part
Indian, part African. Tysoyaha was among the first to
welcome these new arrivals, and she eagerly listened to
their stories of far away places and of cruelties that
rivaled those done to her own people. But what most
intrigued her were-the tales of strange and wonderful
Changing Peoples, who wore the fur of giant cats and
even spider skins.. Turning a deaf ear to the dubious
words of her sept, Tysoyaha and her two packmates,
Lokcha and Wewasicataw, begged for aid from their
totem, Crocodile, to show.them. a path tro the
newcomer's ancestral home in Africa. And their totem
found their plea to be so sincere, the next time they

journeyed into the spirit world, they saw a silver path
open beside a long river.

The pack followed the path for many moons, antil
one night, the river dried up to atrickle. Tysoyaha and
her friends emerged into a land they'd néver seen, one
as warm and sunny as theirhome, yet with trees, birds
and ‘stars that were not familiar..Not far away, they
found a great river, much like the one they'd followed
in. the Umbra,-and sitting on the bank was.a dark-
skinned woman with lanky limbs and bright eyes.
Their tongues were differenr, but Lokcha was.aLaw-
giver, and she showed the stranger through her -ges-
tures and drawings on the riverbank that they came in
peace. Wewasicataw was a Moon Dancer, and he sang
a beautiful song to the stranger, telling of the -pack's
homeland far away: Finally, Tysoyaha played a flute
carved from bone for the dark-skinned woman, and as
the fast-beat song ended, the stranger changed.

Her hands and feet were covered in prickly hairs,
and the fingers and toes stretched into eight limbs: The
woman 's forehead split open and her two eyes became
many orbs of light: Before the pack was a spider, larger
than the bears that roamed the swamps back home.

CAapter Four: From Bottomless Pools 93

aa EE LY OT


The spider didn't attack, but she began weaving be-
tween two nearby trees, and in her web was a'story of
how some -of the Kin to the Changing People had
fallen prey to the greed of other humans, wanting
money from the fair-skinned people.

These Kin had been raken captive and sent no one
knew where. In the web were pictures of large cats the
pack had heard about, but there were many other
creatures they'd never seen before. They understood
from the spider's story that she believed the Kin had
been stolen away .to the. pack's homeland...It was
enough for Tysoyaha to see that there was indeed a link
between the newcomers to the swamps and the Chang-
ing People of the spider's land-The pack gave her
thanks and showed their own four-legged forms to the
spider. Then, they left, retracing their footsteps on the
long trek back to the swamp.

The sept eagerly welcomed the pack home; aston-
ished at the tale Wewasicataw sang for them. He sang
it again- before a-Great Council of Uktena,.and
Spearcatcher saw that Tysoyaha-and-her pack had
given the tribe more than enough reason to welcome
many of the refugee slaves as Kinfolk.

Sowhile the battle of Spearcatcher and Yellow Fur
is the one most Moon Dancers recall in the story of the

Kin Debate, it is the strange journey of Tysoyaha, Sun
Daughter, and her pack which first inspired her cousin
to argue for bringing in new Kinfolk. As a No-Moon,
she showed the Uktenaa new way, welcoming strang-
ers who suffered as much as the Pure Ones in their loss
of home, freedom and family.

Aipwoke, PUnfetier of V Unser
Named after the so-called "big-eyed fish," the
moana kali, Auweke was a Gibbous Moon. born shortly
before the takeover of the Hawai'ian islands by the
United States in 1893.-Legends say his mother was one
of the first wolf-people to-come to live among the
Kanaka Maoli, the native péople of Hawai'i,. and that
the Kinfolk man who fathered Auweke shared the
royal blood of King Kamehameha II. Kamehamehalll
was the ruler who managed to convince the formidable
British navy to leave the islands within a mere five
months of their arrival in 1843, through means that
stillremaina mystery: In any case, the line of Auweke's
father had been chosen to be Kin sometime after the
Great Council welcomed certain other cultures and
peoples to join the tribe. The birth of the boy Auweke
came atatime when the Kanaka Maoli needed asense
of hope. They feared,-as had the People .of Turtle
Island, that the haocle would ruin their lands and lives.
Then, as now,werewolves were few in number in
the islands. Auweke. grew up in.an isolated sept;
despising the outsiders who destroyed the land with
their sugar cane and pineapple fields. It wasn't about
"race" or the color of someone's skin; for many years,
the Kanaka Maoli-had welcomed people who may
have looked different, but still respected the islands in
the same manner as they did. What angered Auweke
and his septmates was the greed and disregard for the
health of the land. By the time the Galliard underwent
his First Change and Rite of Passage, the haole were
making a fortune from-sugar cane, rice,-coffee and
pineapple crops, with little.if any.profits and benefits
being returned to the Kanaka.Maoli..Queen
Lil'uokalani had been under house arrest for almost a
year before being released, and the U.S. government
were the de facto rulers of the land. Avumweke deter-
mined that he was going to do something about it.
The first efforts: of the Moon- Dancer and this
packmates were small scale. They burned some s¢at-
tered plantations and frightened off minor govern-
ment officials. Then, they made-bolder moves, de-
stroying a few small military vessels off the coast of
Oahu. At this point, a few werewolves from other
tribes,*such as the Glass Walkers, interceded. They
tried to point out the benefits that had come to the
islands and promised that given time, they'd help turn
some of the profits back into' preserving the land.


a

Maybe they were sincere, but the local werewolves
didn't accept the offer.-Auweke, his sept and his Kin
grew bolder in their efforts and generally scorned the
more peaceful avenues of change the Glass Walkers
and Children of Gaia advocated.

Auweke's ultimiate fate remains a mystery. He'd
left his packmates to meet with one of the Wyrmcomer
Changers, promising to.return with hope-of a truce
that would clearly mark a change for the better, but he
declined to tell anyone the details.. [wo days later, a
sept member found the Moon Dancer's body on.the
beach at low tide. Three silver-tipped arrows pierced
Auweke's flesh, one through each eye, the third through
his throat. All efforts by his pack and sept to find out
where the meeting was held and what treachery had
befallen their brother failed; they could find no clues,
either mystical or mundane.

Three generations have passed since Watcher of
Water's death, and still,.no new information has sur-
faced.-But with the growth of the Hawai'ian indepen-
dence movement led by the humanis, the small werewolf
population of the islands hopes they'll finally find the
truth. One of Auweke's great-great granddaughters, a
Crescent Moon called Kalea, Seeker of Deep Places, is
on friendly terms with a few Stargazers-who live in
Hawai'i. She knows they have resources and contacts
well beyond her own and hopes they'll assist her tribe
in solving one of its most bitter mysteries.

Farnowr, P2yet-p~le Sd Cyr tn-PLC0R

The life of the Warrior woman named Dyes-the-
Wyrm-in-Blood was short, but glorious. She wasa Path
Dancer. born to the Choctaw people, but some
‘Talesingers say her ancestors alsocame froin the early
Cajun people of the Louisiana swamps; pointing to hér
bright hazel eyes as evidence of her mixed heritage.
Whatever her origin, Fanoun took first blood from the
Wyrm's minions while still a young cub; living in the
home of her Kinfolk mother on the Choctaw reserva-
tion in the deep South. Life wasn't easy for the family,
but Fanoun learned much of the old ways from her Kin
and was ready to defend them when afomori sought to
steal away one of her young siblings. Fanoun,not even
a decade old, gutted the man with a butcher knife and
hid his body deep in the earth. The Uktena sept who
had been. watching her brought Fanoun into their
midst soon after. Successful in her Rite of Passage,
where she undertook an Umbral.quest to slay four
Wyrm creatures with nothing but her own claws, the
Warrior returned home and prepared to join the sept
as a Guardian, intent on protecting her caern with her
life if needed... Fate had other plans.

Less than a year passed when a stranger came to
the sept. He gave his name as Speaks to the Smoke and
told Fanoun that she had been chosen to serve the
Path Dancers; Uktena had sent him a dream from the
mists beyond the world to show him where to find her.
Fanoun was -respeéectful,-but skeptical. She asked. to
know more of Speaks to the Smoke's tale, but his oath
to Ukrena had bound him to silence unless she agreed
to follow him. She-did, and "her sept heard nothing
from her until six seasons had passed... The Warrior
woman réturned,- looking even more formidable and
bearing new scars, several mysterious tattoos and a
klaive that seemed to glint with dried blood. Fanoun
had obviously been dutiful, but she seemed troubled
now, too: Without giving any story of where she had
been' or what she had done,.Fanoun told her former
septmates she'd come home to begin aritual of wisdom
and learn what her next task would be.

So the sept helped her gather clean wood for a fire,
as she asked. The Kinfolk women, renowned as weav-
ers of baskets and reeds, mixed rich dyes of red, blue
and purple..Fanoun immersed her hands ‘in the still-

Chapter Four: From Bottomless Pools 95

RS a a TY

{

3

a

boiling liquid, not even flinchingin pain: She breathed
ina mixture of roses and pepper that the Kin sprinkled
on the fire. And she rubbed into her skin a balm -of
hemlock, monkshood,. mistletoe and poplar: before
wandering slowly into the cypress grove nearby.

Fanoun entered the world of dreams: She saw the
sun move across tall orange cliffs, dyeing them purple
in the sunset. In the fading light, a pool opened at her
feet, anda man hoisted himself onto the shore. The full
moon shone on his naked skin and in his eyes were stars
that shone bright as he watched her. He was a ghost,
she thought, but the look he gave her was one of desire
and longing. And as dawn approached, and the vision
faded, Fanoun heaid the cries of a child; newborn and
furious, full of hunger and rage, before the croaking
sounds of the swamp returned.

‘What must 1do?" she cried out to Great Ukrena,
confused and angry. "I wish to serve my tribe:.I1 have
never fled from battle and duty, even with wounds that
bled as a river in spring..And now, must I leave my
people to go with this unknown Kin who desires me
and bear his child? Is that what my vision means? Give
me proof!"

With barely a whisper, a snake fell into her lap
from the great cypress above. It was a water moccasin,
and it slithered quickly into the water. So Fanoun
returned toher sept and within three years, had honor-
ably mated and borne a daughter that the Medicine
Woman said would be a great and powerful leader.
Fanoun left her daughter when she was barely old
enough to walk,and again took up her duties as a Path
Dancer.

The Warrtior's end came not fighting the Wyrm
she had opposed all her life,-but in the city, against
Grandfather Spider's brood. She was meeting with
some Kinfolk with a sorcerous bent when they were
ambushed by a group of people who commanded many
Weaver magics. She held them off until the surviving
Kin could escape, but when she dragged her badly
wounded body across the Gauntlet, her last sight was
a cluster of war-spiders bearing down on her. One of
the fleeing Kin heard her final war cry and carried her
end story back to her people. From the moot honoring
her memory, Dyes-the-Wyrm-in-Blood's talespread as
one' of an Uktena- deeply connected to the mystic
threads that tug at the lives of all Garou.

MAeorit Ste fA

Adoni Starfire isan Aranda aboriginal elder of the
Sépt of the Waking Dream in Australia. For all that
he's a hairless metis, he's gained widespread recogni-
tion as a gifted Shaman whose knowledge of the
Umbra -and the Dreamtime probably exceeds: any

96 Ukfena

LA EE Le Fs ET Pn SO A

werewolf living: Adoni often ‘insists; to those who
question him, that he lives within altjiranga ngambakala,
which sometimes can mean-the Dreamtime but also
refers to "one's own etetnity." He likes to explain the
Dreamtime as part of the mythic age, where eternal
heroes who are part of the land never die: It's simulta-
neously a body of rules for living in the present and
future, with connections to people, places and things
of the past. Adoni: makes constant connections be-
tween the past, present and future in his stories,-and
switches tenses in ways that usually make no sense to
non-aborigines. Among Shamans, he is revered for his
accomplished Rite of Invitation to the Ancestors, a
moving cetemony that welcomes an ancestor to return
in the body of a living werewolf host.

Adoni grew up in the sépt, but no outsiders know
much about his-parentage or -origins..In human form,
he's a small, dark-skinned bald man with large brown
eyes; as a wolf, he's got leathery skin with no hair. His
advanced age is apparent in all his forms; for a human,
he's old, but for a werewolf, he's practically ancient:
Adoni has no- interest whatsoever in the Jindabyne
Council and believes they are generally clueless about


the néeds of the Australian Garou. Though he mourns
deeply the loss of the Bunyip, he thinks it's best .to
honor them and let their spirits rest rather than try to
force their return. Still, he has been intrigued by the
rebirth of Nglayod, the Rainbow Serpent, totem of the
Bunyip, and is eager to see it strengthen and grow. If
the Jindabyne Council wants to do something about
helping the spirit, Adoni believes they should quit all
their organizing talk and go help the totem now, before
any more days pass.

The Shaman is not unfriendly, but he is cautious
about trusting others. His only strong friendship out-
side of those in his sept is with the eccentric Child of
Gaia, Innana, Voice of the Goddess. He respects her
insights and often talks with her about what she has
seen. Innana has shared with him what she believes to
be the possible end of the Children of Gaia, based upon
a series of dreams and visions. And recently, she told
her friend of aterrible nightmare. In her dream, she felt
her body being devoured by thylacines that bore sigils
of the Bunyip, yet the creatures also bore visible taints
of Grandfather Spider... Neither Innana nor Adoni
have any idea. what the Child of Gaia' geneticist
Cernounos has actually accomplished with "re-creat-
ing" the thylacine. If Adoni should ever discover the
truth, he would likely not hesitate to slay the tainted
creatures and see some sort of punishment or censure
imposed on Cernounos.

Fat CPeee

Josh Creek; called Stoneheart, is the leading
Warrior of the Roadrunner Sept in northwest Arizona,
and a stalwart leader in» both peace and war. For
someone supposed to be the ultimate warrior, he has a
lot of sense and a surprisingly cool head, and his pack
has more than once appreciated the skills of his Kin-
folk wife, Rosie, who is a-doctor of osteopathy.-Josh
carries an ancient klaive (actually, a macauitl, five feet
long and four inches wide) with a hilt. made from
hardwood and asilver blade inset with obsidian Aztec-
Tanoan symbols. He's a-tall, husky man with long
black hair and piercing hazel eyes. In wolf form, the
Ahroun is black with a slight fringe of silver at his
temple. He bears a hairless scar across his abdomen in
all forms:

‘Josh grew up in the sept and had the tutelage of an
older Warrior; Joseph Holt. When Joseph was killed in
arun-in with Pentex, Josh ‘took it hard; he'd tried to
save his mentor only to end up half-gutted himself.
Joseph's widow, much younger than herdead husband,
was Rosie. She healed Josh physically and spiritually,
and after a long period of moufning, married him-with
the approval of the sept and Kinfolk.

=

SSS

The macawitl Josh carries may be centuries old' He
and his packmates found it deep in the Echo Cliffs,
along with what appears to be the remains of a lost
Aztec colony; far from .where scholars would ever
expect Aztecs to have been. In addition to the macauitl,
Josh and the pack found a set of scrolls, which may
predate tthe so-called Florentine .Codex, a series of
writings about the Aztecs compiled by the Spanish
friar Bernardino de Sahagun in the early -sixteenth
century. The language appears to be-a dialect of the
Aztec Nahuatl, but Josh and his sept mates have only
translated bits and pieces of the scrolls. Even with a
pile of dictionaries, several rites and nota few Gifts, it's
been a difficult task because the language is as much
metaphor and riddle as straight narrative. Josh is torn;
his Warrior's heart burns to thoroughly ransack the
ruins, hoping to find out who really lived there and
what they were doing. The more calculating part of his
spirit keeps him cautious and deliberate in investigat-
ing the ruins. He knows there's no tellitg: who (or
what) may have lived there... nor why the former
inhabitants made sucha hasty exit. Josh is considering
the merits of discussing the ruins at an upcoming Great
Counciland possibly asking for some help from Uktena
outside the southwest.

—


Route Fate fle Ug¢er

Rocio Parts-the-W ater isa young Half-Moon who
spends most of her time in and around the long border
between Mexico and Texas. She hails fromasmall sept
near Big Bend National Park, but seldom resides there
long. Rocio is the daughter of an Uktena Ahroun from
central Mexico and a Kinfolk father from Texas, and
when she Changed at the age of 13, she knew exactly
what she wanted to do: Become a Scout and travel for
the tribe. Inher time, she's been to many septs, spoken
with several Fera and even made friends with a few
"outsiders," hamely some human shamans interested
in the magic of her mother's ancient Toltec ancestors.
She hopes that the Balaam and the Garou can repair
the old rift in their friendship, bur she doesn't see it
happening soon.

Rocio is a natural at making lasting friends, even
if she seems a little crusty on first meeting...For an
Uktena, she's remarkably open and talkative, and thus
innately gains people's trust. While she usually speaks
English -in-a.twangy,. folksy manner,-she-also can
converse in fluent Spanish, either formally or in the
Mexican vernacular. Rocio enjoys teaching the young,
and is considering whether or not it's time to settle

98 VUkfena

LE EE Ls ET A YT A

down and help lead the sept, rather than being an
emissary at large."A recent battle in the Amazon laid
her up for weeks and gave her time to think things over
more deeply.

The Half-Moon's closest relative is her aged Kin-
folk aunt Luisa. The older woman has a knack for
telling fortunes, and she has told Rocio that her future
"lies in the peace between old foes." The Philodox has
no idea if this means she should help' negotiations
between the Fera and the Garou, the Pure Ones and
the Wyrmcomers or something else entirely.

Rocio appears to be about 30 years old, and has
a rangy, well-muscled body. Her dark hair has red
highlights-and hangs: about shoulder length.-Her
most prominent feature is her hooked nose; rather
than being unattractive, it lends an air of strength to
her face, offsetting her large brown eyes: The Half-
Moon. .usually wears casual, loose-fitting cotton
clothes and sandals.

Aten tired Viycur

Amy Hundred-Voices is ‘a bit of an oddity, even
among the Uktena: Now in -her early-twenties; she
underwent her First Change during her mid-teens.
Amy .is a Songkeeper, but. ome who's still working
hard at telling stories about the vast lore she collects.
In fact, Amy has a reputation' among-the tribe for
being arather lackluster taleteller. Her greatest gift, as
her name implies; is linguistics; Amy speaks a wide
array of different languages and dialects... These in-
clude Italian, Aramaic, Greek, French, Hopi, Inuit,
Portuguese and Russian. She's alsoa bit unusual fora
werewolf in that she's completed a couple of college
degrees, in the areas of Native American studies and
occidental culture... Amy also-knows a' great deal
about the Hisatsinom, whom the Diné called Anasazi.
A. few elders» believe this knowledge-will be .im-
mensely useful-as the End Times néar.

Amy carries a'fetish bow, and she's an -accom-—

plished archer, even though she's highly self-criti-
cal. She's also-got a-kKnack for hand-to-hand fight-
ing, moving with deliberation and speed in combat.
Despite their negative comments on her stories, her
packmates Claws with Teeth and Chottle are fond
of Amy, and she of them. The three form am odd
group, in that they're all misfits in their own way.
Their most recent concern is the destruction of the
Wendigo Greyrock Sept, which had grudgingly cared
for the metis Chottle:

Recently, Amy has recognized her totem as Chi-
mera, the many who is one. She wonders if (Chimera's
nature,-a creature .that likes to hide -truth beneath
masks and deceptions, is partly why her own tribe is a


bit uncomfortable in her presence. Does her connec-
tion to Chimera imply that she herself isnot what she
seems? As Chimera is the totem of the Stargazers, Aimy
also wonders if her future may be entwined with that
tribe as well as her own.

Image: Amy shows the best features of her Viet-
namese, African and Jewish heritage. Her hairisstraight
and black, worn in two tails: Her almond-shaped eyes
are adeep brown, and hernose is prominent, giving her
an-intense expression.-She's of average height and
weight, with a well-muscled body. Amy usually wears
rugged hiking or outdoor clothing in neutral-shades,
but she also wears a worn leather medicine bag, along
with the occasional scarf or sash in. bright Kente
patterned cloth of blue, orange, purple or gold. She's
never without her bow anda stash of arrows.-Other
than occasional beads in her hair or on her clothing,
Amy forgoes jewelry... Her main hobbies are reading,
sewing and backstrap weaving.

Roleplaying Notes: Ainy seemingly lacks astrong
sense of righteous-anger, which is ‘certainly unusual
for any werewolf, much: less'a Gibbous Moon. She

-wants to be.a- nurturing sort of werewolf, one who

cultivates lore, song, and secrets, much as a gardener
mothers her tender plants: Unfortunately, Amy tends
to stumble-a great deal~in her searches for new
wisdom. The fact that somé elders are impatient with
her doesn't boost her confidence; often, she'll think
she's done something of note only to hear nothing
but scorn and criticism. Though she tries to keep a
sense -of optimism, Amy carries a great emotional
weight on -her young shoulders, leading to some wild
theories among fellow Uktena. Some suspect she is
near Harano; others postulate that she has~some
Croatan blood.in her veins: Whatever the case, Amy
believessshe has a purpose to fulfill; it's just that Gaia
hasn't revealed it yet.

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Galliard

Rank: 2 (fostern)

Physical: Strength 2 (4/6/5/3), Dexterity 3 (3/4/5/5),
Stamina.3 (5/6/6/5)

Social: Charisma' 2,;° Manipulation 2. (1/0/0/0), -Ap-
pearance 2 (1/0/2/2)

Mental: Perception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3
Talents: Alertness 2, Athletics 2, Brawl 3, Dodge 2,
Expression 1; Intimidation 1, Primal-Urge 1

Skills: Crafts'1,; Drive 1, Etiquetté 1, Melee 2, Perfor-
mance 1, Survival.1, Stealth 1

Knowledges: Enigmas 2, Investigation 1, Linguistics 5,
Occult 3,.Politics 1, Rituals 1

Backgrounds: Fetish' 3,-Kinfolk 1, Totem. 2
Rage: 4; Gnosis: 3; Willpower: 5

Gifts: (1). Persuasion; Mindspeak,-Sensé Magic: (2)
Distractions; Overlook, Staredown

Rites: Rité of the Questing Stone

Fetishes: Moon Bow (Level 3)

Chapter Four: From Bottomless Pools 99
i a 2 EE

4

Aifttors Fetoavyyon

Toall those whoseek for elusive answers and undiscovered secréts, wherever their paths may lead; tothe crew

of the space shuttle Columbia, in memory of their explorations and sacrifice.

100 Ukfena
Yi PEE, i, a Oa a a

\

4
|
:

Ze

Player: Auspice: Pack Totem:
Chronicle: Camp: Conéept:
PB YL CES Sokal Mt epital
Strength. @0000 Charisma @BOO0O Perception @BOOO0O
Dexterity @BOO00O Manipulation BO0OO0O Intelligence @O0O0OO
Stamina @OOO0O Appearance BOOOO Wits @O000
SMELL, SKE Kpwonvedgar
Alertness QO000 Animal Ken OOO0O Computer felerelere)
Athletics OOO0O Crafts OOdO0O Enigmas OOO0O
Brawl, OV000O Drive OOOO0O Investigation, OO0OO
Dodge OOVOV0O Etiquette OO0O0O Law. OO0O0O
Empathy ONO000 Firearms OOOO0O Linguistics OO00oO
Expression. ererelere) Leadership [ele @lere) Medicine OO00O
Intimidation (exerelere) Melee OO00O Occult OO00O
Primal-Urge OOO0O Performance OOV0N0O Politics OO00O0
Streetwise OOVVO Stealth, felelelere) Rituals OO00O
Subterfuge OOOV0O Survival OOV00O Science OOO00O
AKG OIU IAL Lie CLS

OOOdO0O

OOOOO

OVOOdOO

OOOdOO

OOOOO

we EOF TD ak FOGG E wanes neti a PL ARAL ITE amemenenneto
Glory Bruised J
oO 0O-90 O'0O 0°O 0.0 0 COO 98 OOD OOo Hurt -1 om |
Nooo oonoOoOoOo Sooo Injured "1 oO
rerer "eine Ness
Oa 0 0 00 0 0 00 autle -
MoooooonaAoW Feeoeoooooe °° cuppled a
Vlisdom Dono ooo ncapacitate
Soo oonG S30 OWT " TPtleal beak tse p pa

90 0 OO 0 0 O00 80
ee ee ee ee ee ee ee ee

INTENSE CURIOSITY

|
:
N
|

AEE i Se ET Ss


—_——

Strength (+1)
Dexterity (+2)
Stamina (+2)

4 st t
— ert FOfLIAL
OOOdOO N Item: Level Gnosis
(elelelele) Power:
ODOVDOOVOO Item: Level Gnosis___
OOONO0OO Power:
ONO0N0O Item: Level, Gnosis.
ONdONO0O Power:
OVDOONOO Item: Level Gnosis.
(elelelele) Power:
OO0C0O Rey
OQOOO0O
| OO00O0 Ni
|
t

-- Sfopntd << ———. fail Phigpo

Strength Cr )——_

OO00ON
OOO0N0O
(elerlelere)
OOO0OO
ererelerte)
OOON0O

Maneuver/Weapon Roll Difficulty | Damage |Range| Rate | Clip Sanling Aas
Maneuver Roll Diff Damage
Strength+1/A
Special/B
Strength+1/A
Strength/B
Strength+1/B
Strength/B

Bite Dex+Brawl
Body Tackle Dex+Brawl
Claw Dex+Brawl
Grapple Dex+Brawl

Kick Dex+Brawl
Punch Dex+Brawl

DANA AAW

A=Ageravated Damage
B=Bashing Damage

ATES OPS.

EY ED A A SEG


Type:

Spent On:

J Demeéeanor:
NMtep¥f Lyee Ca Faw Lyoe SOK T
AMippes Miepyfor
ADLELLIOPL Pre EP beF
. Consacge PLOW LES
we ZBL ALOUSL OZ mA Sipertersce <<
Gear (Carried): TOTAL:
Gained From:
. Equipment (Owned):
Name:
Caern Location: TOTAL SPENT:
Level:

Totem:
: Leader:
YP, Cs ET re aren eee

ea ere

ow

Sex:
Height | Weight

Homid:
Glabro: CSAPLIE SOILS
Hispo: _
Lupus: Mitafls Poaforrertt iy:

Fecha of LBaragecter SALES!

— | ;
ww LFefo
Age:
Hair:
Eyes:
Race:
| Nationality:


he Uktena na are'masters of long:
= er

GAME STUDIO
