# File: Umbra - The Velvet Shadows.txt
# OCR Date: 2026-06-30
# Source: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Category: UNKNOWN (add manually)
# Page Range: UNKNOWN
# ------------------------------

niger tt
The Spirit World Sourcebook
«for Werewolf:Che Apocalypse™


ae A"
Credle *

Authors: Brian Campbell and Rob Hatch

Developer: Ethan Skemp

Editor: Aileen E. Miles

Art Director: Aileen E. Miles

Art: Ron Brown, Richard Kane Ferguson, Jeff Holt,

Speaal barks

Brian "Demonic Colonel Sanders" Glass, for getting
his bar stocked by the generous booze fairies.

Steve "Method to my Madness" Wieck, for seeing
profitable opportunities where the rest of us saw screaming,
tavening death.

Rich "That Would Be All of Us, Steve" Thomas, for
not being afraid to admit to seeing screaming, ravening
death instead of profitable opportunities.

Jess "Did You Know Everyone Hates You?" Heinig, for
not dashing his computer against the floor every time he logs
on to Usenet.

Fred "Pact With Satan" Yelk, for his damnable Wolf
Blight record. You will fall!

Conrad "Goat for Azazel" Hubbard, for being the
handy guy to blame every time something goes wrong with
the forums.

Mike "Battle Pope" Chaney, for being, well, Battle
Pope. Ave Heckler! Ave Koch!

And to the Editorial Posse, foradaptinga firm "strength
in numbers" policy. Still won't get you a corner office, guys.

Ron Spencer
Cover Art: Rebecca Guay
Cover Design, Layout & Typesetting: Aileen E. Miles

WHITE WOLF
CAME STUDIO

© 2001 White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. Reproduction without the written permission of the
publisher is expressly forbidden, except for the purposes of reviews, and for blank character sheets, which may be
reproduced for personal use only. White Wolf, Vampire, Vampire the Masquerade, Vampire the Dark Ages, Mage the
Ascension, and World of Darkness are registered trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved.
Werewolf the Apocalypse, Wraith the Oblivion, Changeling the Dreaming, Hunter the Reckoning, Werewolf the Wild
West, Mage the Sorcerers Crusade, Wraith the Great War, Umbra, Book of the Wyrm, Book of the Weaver, Rage Across
the Heavens, Ghost Towns, Axis Mundi the Book of Spirits, Hengeyokai Shapeshifters of the East, Black Furies
Tribebook and Book of Worlds are trademarks of White Wolf Publishing, Inc. All rights reserved. All characters, names,
places and text herein are copyrighted by White Wolf Publishing, Inc.

The mention of or reference to any company or product in these pages is not a challenge to the trademark or
copyright concerned.

This book uses the supernatural for settings, characters and themes. All mystical and supernatural elements are
fiction and intended for entertainment purposes only. This book contains mature content. Reader discretion is advised.

For a free White Wolf catalog call 1-800-454-WOLF.

Check out White Wolf online at

http://www.white-wolf.com; alt.games.whitewolf and rec.games.frp.storyteller
PRINTED IN USA.

735 PARK NORTH BLYD.
SUITE 128
CLARKSTON, GA 30021
USA

ee

2 Umbra

es

—


Advice on handling spirits and new spirit allit

How to tell the perfect Umbral story

Append 132

Contents 3


Callie Heart-Like-a-Fist had hated the smell of the
clinic from the moment she'd walked in the door. The lights
were too artificial, the angles too sharp, the surfaces too
smooth — but worst of all was the smell, an antiseptic stink
like ammonia gone sour. As a place of healing, it left much
to be desired.

Now she stood on the clinic's roof under a half moon,
staring down through the spotlight into the main lobby.
Even outside, it smelled wrong to her. God, she thought,
no wonder teenage girls are afraid to come here. How
the hell are they supposed to think the people here
care about them as human beings when the place
doesn't look like humans are allowed inside? She
shook her head. Well, Anya may be reaching the staff
one step at a time, but she doesn't have that kind of
time. She needs help.

Callie took a deep breath, then shoved herself side-
ways, into the Gauntlet. It was like pulling herself through
half-frozen water — it dragged at her, pressing down on her
from all sides — but the sensation didn't last long, and then
she was through.

The half moon overhead seemed a bit dimmer; the haze
of the night sky was all the more telling. A tiny speck of red
caught at the corner of her eye, but she forced herself not to

look at it. Instead, she stared down at the layers of webbing
under her feet, webs like gleaming cables, each one laid in
perfect symmetry to the rest.

Like I figured, she thought, watching an errant glass-
and-metal spider scurry along the webs. Anya's not going
to get anything done at this rate — the webs are too
thick here. It'd take crowbar to force any life, any new
ideas into the people living here.

She drew in a breath, feeling the breath coalesce into
bone and muscle, her clothes tightening, her already
over-long arms lengthening further. I start pulling
those webs apart, she grumbled to herself, and there's
no telling what happens. Maybe I make the place
unstable. Maybe the walls come crashing down. She
cracked her knuckles. But it's not like I have time to
try anything else.

She reached out, plucked one of the smaller spider-
spirits from the web, and crushed it in her oversized fist. It
was dissolving into a pixel-like mist even as she began
opening her fingers again. With a sigh, she knelt down and
took a long, strong cable-strand in either hand, bracing
herself against the webbing rooftop.

As above — so below.

She pulled

Introduction: The Velvet Shadow 5


The Sptett Worlg,

Virtually every culture has its stories of journeys
into the spirit world, of figures that dare to walk beyond
the world as we know it. From the stories of people
descending into the underworld to retrieve dead lovers
to the tales of heroes who travel into the heavens to
steal fire for their people, these legends are part of the
human yearning for something more.

In the World of Darkness, the human connection
with that "something more" has been lost. It's a rare
person who's able to sense that there is something
beyond the world of flesh and soil. Many humans —
possibly most — don't have much faith at all in a
greater realm of existence, and live their lives accord-
ingly. But the werewolves know.

In some old legends, wolves were described as "mes-
sengers from the spirit world." Thatmuchistrue. Justas the
old European legends of wolves that thirst for the blood of
humans have their basis in gruesome fact, the tales of
animals that walk between this world and the next also
have some root in truth. This ability is a great privilege for
the Garou and more than that — it's an awesome respon-
sibility. A werewolf must keep the health of both spirit and
physical worlds in mind, because what ails one ails the
other, And as the world spirals toward the final days of the
Apocalypse, the spirit world has continued to worsen.

This is the plight of the Umbra.

Warriors of Beth Worldt

The Umbrashould be at the heartofevery Werewolf
chronicle. Yes, the Garou are the warriors of Gaia, and
conflict (usually bloody) is what drives a game of savage
horror — but the Umbra epitomizes why the Garou
fight, and how they lear to be better warriors. Notevery
session should involve a spirit quest, and not every
plotline should revolve arounda threat from the Umbra
— but in the World of Darkness, werewolves are one of
the few creatures who still perceive the spirit world.
Nobody else is as intimately tied to the Umbra; nobody
else knows better the vital blessings — or obscene
horrors — that can pour from the other side of the
Gauntlet if they're summoned properly.

The spirit world adds an entire layer of possibilities to
the Werewolf universe — and to your game. The brutal
conflict key to the savage horror genre and the webs of
politicking that come with any game focused on social
interaction and society are certainly enough material to
fuel sessions. But the Umbra adds something more — in
fact, it holds so many more possibilities, it's hard to define
asa single layer at all. The Umbra is a source of more foes,
true — foes that can be fought tooth and nail, or that have
to be fought by trying to win the hearts of humanity. It's
also a change of backdrop for a story, or a source for more

personalities to interact socially and politically with the
characters. It holds the objects of many quests, and the
tools for deeply introspective, character-based stories. The
Umbra can be anything — anything —for your chronicle.
It just depends on what you want to get out of it.

And it's not even as if the Umbra's added story
elements replace the physical concerns of the Garou
— far from it. No story should be "either-or," either
Umbral or not. If the pack goes off on a quest into the
Umbra, leaving their loved ones behind, they may
encounter realms or challenges along the way that
mirror their earthly desires (or threaten their mortal
relatives). If a pack is fighting a decidedly earthly foe,
they'll probably rely on their spirit allies or Umbral
travel abilities at some point along their hunt.
Werewolves are creatures of both worlds — the one's
just as vital as the other. The physical world you
already know about; it's a darker version of the one
outside your window. The spirit world — well, that's
bigger. A little extra guidance is always helpful, right?

Hence, this book.

Flow fo Chee Tht Bock

Umbra isn't a book of adventures, nor is it the
definitive guide to every portion of the spirit land-
scape. Instead, this book is a resource dedicated to
helping the Storyteller adjudicate the obstacles and
rewards of quests into the spirit world. Inside are all the
building blocks necessary to startrunning packs through
the Gauntlet and into the greater portion of reality.

If you're a new Storyteller who's looking for some
advice on handling stories that deal with the spirit world,
congratulations and welcome aboard; it's our hope that
you'll find plenty here to inspire your stories for years to
come. If you're a long-time Storyteller who already owns a
copy of Umbra: The Velvet Shadow, hopefully you'll find
some things worthwhile in this volume, too; things have
changed in the spirit world, and not always for the better,

* Chapter One: Cosmology covers the general
setup of the Umbra, from the relations and connec-
tions between the Near, Dark and Deep Umbrae to the
logistics of maneuvering throughout the Penumbra.

© Chapter Two: The Realms details the fourteen
most prominent Near Realms, their laws and layout, as
well as touching on some of the more frequented Zones
and sub-realms. Each Near Realm is described in terms of
geography and "laws of the realm," although these
shouldn't be seen as absolutes; the Umbra isn't a static
place (nothanks tothe Weaver'sefforts), and any amount
of customization is not only possible, but encouraged.

© Chapter Three: Spirits expands on the spirit
material presented in the main rulebook, from relations
with the spirit world to a number of new spirits to act as

6 Umbra

———_—

EEE

|


ind enemies. In particular, aspirit from each of the
tribal totems' broods is offered, so that the Storyteller
can offer spirit allies for characters of any tribe.

¢ Chapter Four: Storytelling in the Umbra con-
tains advice for the Storyteller on running Umbral
stories, particularly when it comes to presenting the
Umbra as something special.

* Finally, the Appendix collects virtually all the
hard-and-fast rules bits from throughout the book,
from new Gifts and fetishes designed for making Um-
bral travel easier to notable personages that packs
might encounter while walking in the spirit world.

As vast as the Umbrais, it's probably no surprise that
there are several supplements available that go further
than the scope of this book. Rage Across the Heavens
details the Aetherial Realm with great fervor; with tons
of story seeds and information on each of the Planetary
Incarnae, it's well worth a look. Book of the Weaver is
particularly useful when dealing with the Weaver's webs;
Book of the Wyrm contains numerous Bane threats and
amore detailed description of Malfeas. The out-of-print
(butstill handy) Werewolf: The Wild West supplement
Ghost Towns isa good source of information on the Dark
Umbra, particularly in crossing over Werewolf materials
with Wraith: The Oblivion materials. (Speaking of

which, Wraith is of course the ultimate source of ideas for

the Dark Umbra; the recent fall of the Stygian Empire is
detailed in Ends of Empire, for those interested.) Axis
Mundi: The Book of Spirits is likewise out of print, but
full of interesting spirits that require only alittle tinkering
to fit into Revised rules. Book of Worlds, while heavily
rooted in Mage cosmology (expect contradictions with
the way things work in Werewolf), may provide some
ideas for stories that range significantly farther afield.

Of course, everything we provide is rooted in an-
other source as well — human myth. Browsing through
the mythology section of your bookstore or library
should give you ideas aplenty for journeys into the
Underworld or spirit realm, from anthologies of Native
American myths to Joseph Campbell's works on the
Hero's Journey. Even works of fiction like Dante's
Inferno are applicable — the Inferno isn't just about a
descent into hell, it's a satire on the Italian society of the
time. Such escapades in symbolism are hard to beat.

Is this a lot of material to digest? It sure is. But we're
talking about the Umbra here. You could gather your
group toplay every week foryearsandstill onlyscratch the
surface of everything the spirit world has to offer. If you're
interested in doing other reading, it's probably worth your
while; if not, the Umbra's certainly big and wild enough
that you can devise whatever you like off the top of your
head. The sky isn't even the limit any more.

Introduction: The Velvet Shadow 7

EE

ENG

NS


~

The Viftet Shadow

The spirit world, the ephemeral realm, the
"shadow" of creation — no matter what name it is
known by, the Umbra is a realm beyond the world we
know. The realm of flesh is made of hard, physical
matter and substance, obeying the laws of science and
nature. Yet mystics and visionaries alike perceive
another dimension beyond this harsh and static realm:
a world of dreams and spirit, mysticism and magic.

Garou mystics attest that everything in the world
we know has a spiritual reflection in the Umbra.
Once, long ago, the many worlds were one. The
powers of mysticism and magic were evident every-
where. Then the fabric of the world was torn asunder,
separating spirit and matter. From one world, two
were born: the Earth and the Umbra. Since then, the
two worlds have slowly drifted farther apart. Strange
new realms have multiplied, reflecting the ideals of
the Garou and the dreams of mankind — as well as
their nightmares. In the depths of the Umbra, Garou
find the world as it once was, ast really is, as it might
be, and as it never was.

a ere

The spirit world is a dimension as limitless as
imagination. Although the Weaver and Wyrm con-
tinue to spread their influence throughout the Umbra
as well, the Garou continue questing to its very limits.
From the cub stepping sideways into the Penumbra for
the very first time to packs of elders seeking the distant
shadows of other planets, the Umbra is a place for
Garou to pursue great and epic quests. Along the way,
heroes face the greatest horrors the mind can conceive.

The Structure of Creation

Within Garou lore, all of creation is collectively
known asthe Tellurian. From the werewolves' point of
view, one realm lies at the heart of it, existing in the
very center. It is the physical world, the realm of flesh,
the so-called "real world." The human race knows it as
Earth. There is, perhaps, no better name for it.

Earth has its own set of absolute laws. Glass Walk-
ers find them fascinating, as nearly all of them are
based on humanity's precepts of the universe. On
Earth, gravity always pulls objects towards the center

Chapter One: Cosmology 9

aE


of the planet at 32 feet per second per second, and two
plus two is always four. If any of these laws are violated,
it happens because of the action of hidden things, like
traditions of magic, the charms and powers of spirits, or
the supernatural strengths of creatures like the Garou.

The spirit world has its own unearthly laws, and

they are by no means always absolute. The farther one
travels from Earth, at the heart of the Tellurian, the
less earthly reality applies. Contradictions begin to
manifest, much to the delight of Stargazers. Magic
manifests in mysterious ways, as Uktena readily attest.
And slowly, as a Shadow Lord might remind us, the
Wyrm gradually spreads its tendrils of corruption
throughout the many planes and realities of the spirit
world, Both dimensions have become polluted. In
some domains, such as Earth itself, the Wyrm's power
is overwhelming. Other realms are untouched and
inviolate, sacred destinations for questing Garou.

The Vonumbra

The closest realm of the spirit world is merely a

reflection of the physical world. Everything on Earth
has a spiritual reflection in the Penumbra, the
"shadow" of the Earth. When cubs tell stories of the
Umbra, this is usually the realm they're talking about.

It's

the easiest one to understand. For werewolves

who aren't particularly spiritually inclined, it's all
they really need to know.

The Penumbra looks just like our world, but from

another point of view: that of the Garou. Mankind
defines what happens on Earth, but in the Penumbra,
Gaia's presence is more keenly felt. Wherever Gaia is
healthy, the realm is filled with life and living things.
A public park might look seedy and overgrown in our
world, but in the Umbra, the trees and plants are
vibrant with energy. The smell of auto exhaust fades,
replaced by fresh breezes — smog gives way to fresh

air.

The scents and sensations that are deadened in

the city come alive again. The moon is always clearly
visible. By day, the sky is usually brilliantly blue in a
way that only small children can understand; there is
almost never a visible sun, but ambient sunlight
permeates the Penumbra. (A vampire somchow
brought into the Penumbra is in trouble during the
day, as the sunlight is never direct but practically
omnipresent.) By night, all of the stars are visible
despite Luna's glow, as well as some men never see.
The force of the Wyld is obvious everywhere.

Unfortunately, so are the forces of the Wyrm and

the Weaver. It's the rare city that still casts a healthy

reflection in the Penumbra. As the spiritual health of

an area wanes, so too does that of its Penumbral
counterpart. In the physical world, the Wyrm's influ-

10

a

Should} Pnok a Lunch?

Visitors to the Umbra don't always burn calo-
ties at the same rate as they would on Earth. This
is particularly true of shapeshifters, whose spirit
energy sustains them to a degree. Just as spirits
don't really need to eat as such, a werewolf (or
other shapeshifter) can get by on much less food by
burning Gnosis to survive. Depending on how
much exercise he indulges in, a werewolf needs to
spend anywhere from a Gnosis point per week (for
casual, unhurried travel) to a Gnosis point per day
(for frequent exertion such as combat) to sustain
himself. This Gnosis requirement can be staved off
by eating food, but most Garou prefer to hunt
Englings or the spirits of prey animals for Gnosis,
as that proves more efficient.

Creatures without Gnosis, however, have a
rougher time of it. They still must eat to fuel their
now-spirit bodies. Food found in the Umbra can be
nourishing, but it's not always so; fruits picked from
Glens or the "flesh" of an animal spirit that gives its
form up willingly seem to be the most palatable and
filling. The undead are in particular trouble; lacking
the vital spark that ensures compatibility with the
Umbra, they find spirit food (or blood) impossible
to ingest. Unless she's brought a few mortals to
snack on, or the Storyteller decrees thata particular
source of "blood" is close enough to glean some
nourishment (unlikely unless dealing with a spirit
of blood itself), a vampire is likely not long for the
waking world. (Not to mention the ambient sun-
light that's a problem during the Penumbral day...)

If a person "starves to death" in the Umbra, he
doesn't die — exactly. Rather, he undergoes discon-
nection, his body becoming pure spirit. (This also
happens to anyone, shapeshifter or no, who spends
too long — a few years seems to be the going theory
— without returning to the physical world.) When
this happens toa shapeshifter, he tends to transform
intoanancestor-spirit; humans often become ephem-
era, pale shadows of their former selves. Animals, of
course, become animal spirits of the appropriate
type. It's not certain what would happen to the
undead, who are so incompatible here. One theory
has it that a vampire that disconnects becomes a
Bane of hunger and rage, but nobody's ever known
an vampire to survive that long in the Near Umbra,
where so few of their powers work and they can't
handle the local food. Atany rate, once the transfor-
mation is complete, the reliance on food is gone, and
the new spiritrelies on Rage, Gnosis, Willpowerand
Essence in the usual fashion.

Umbra

———

SS ST


ence might be all but invisible, but its tendrils are often
more overt in the Umbra. Suppose a chemical plant is
manufacturing Wyrm-filth to spread throughout a
city. The machinery responsible might appear gleam-
ing and well maintained, but in the Umbra, its corrup-
tive resonance is all too apparent. Its pipes may be
encrusted with unrecognizable excrescence; the lights
that flash along its control panels may wink like
predatory eyes. A vat of Wyrm-tainted chemicals
might glow with an unearthly color one cannot later
name. The cranes that load them onto trucks may cast
shadows of long and sinuous tentacles.

There are many such blighted areas in the world
where the Wyrm or Weaver has thoroughly infested
creation. In the physical world, the telltale signs of
such corruption are harder to discern, yet they are no
less present. Pollution, human misery, exploitation
and suffering are all signs of Wyrmish taint, all prob-
lems that cast a spiritual pall. Conformity, stultifying
oppression, and technology beyond all restraint are
prevailing indicators of the Weaver's influence.
Werewolves can fight these adversaries by facing
such problems in the human world. Because of their
obligation to humanity, most Garou feel they must do
no less. A concerted cleanup campaign in the physi-
cal world may treat the symptoms of spiritual corrup-
tion, but it doesn't always cure the disease. Some-
times a pack must journey into the spirit world to face
such horrors directly.

Humans are distracted or deceived in the physi-
cal world, but Garou in the Umbra can see the forces
of the Triatat work. A cub that steps sidewise inacity
for the first time sees the Weaver everywhere. The
headlights of passing traffic may blur into long glow-
ing strands of spider silk. Nestled in a "Don't Walk"
sign, a little Weaver-spirit may chant his pedestrian
mantra to passers-by over and over. Most humans
don't even appearatall, with the more "enlightened"
or "important" — those who have a more profound
effect on many people around them, such as dedi-
cated teachers — appearing as faintly luminescent,
barely visible outlines. Shapeshifters, whose spirit
form is part of their flesh, cast similarly vague and
indeterminate shadows in the Penumbra. Around
them, the form and structure of buildings, sidewalks,
and crowded streets may appear as tight-knit walls of
spidery webbing...or, if stranger forces are at work,
other, less explainable things.

Although shapeshifters might be able to discern
the spiritual context of a place by examining its Pen-
umbral counterpart, it's not so easy where living things
are concerned. Most animals, including humans, sim-
ply don't live long enough to cast individual shadows

Chapter One: Cosmology

SN ee

in the Penumbra — thus, the spirit reflection of a city
can appear eerily deserted by compare, with only the
occasional human-shaped spirit. The cat-spirit living
in a Penumbral alley is not the reflection of any
particular cat — it's merely an embodiment of the
spirit concept of "cat" that happens to find that alley
an appropriate territory. The most common exception
is the reflection of a tree; with their long lifespans and
general importance to their surroundings, trees are
often able to achieve sufficient spiritual "significance"
to cast a Penumbral shadow.

It's distinctly rare for a human to cast a reflection
in the Penumbra. Those who do are either persons of
great spiritual enlightenment or those who have been
powerfully touched by the spirit world. A potent
spiritual leader who truly believes in the cause he
champions might appear in the Penumbra; so might a
child with a gift for seeing spirits for what they are.
Mages in particular are noted for casting reflections of
themselves into the Penumbra, thanks to theirnotable
willpower, spiritual awareness and general sense of
self-importance. In all cases, a human's reflection is
somewhat influenced by his self-image and somewhat
by the nature of his spiritual ties; a wholly corrupt mage
who sees himself as pure and holy might cast a reflec-
tion that shines with a faint aura, but that seems oddly,
even malevolently blurred around the edges.

As mentioned before, shapeshifters cast only par-
tial reflections and ones that give little hint as to their
true nature — the Penumbra doesn't serve very well as
a poor man's "Scent of the True Form." Vampires and
other undead also cast no real reflections in the Pen-
umbra; their ties are to the Dark Umbra. There are
apparently afew exceptions when dealing with undead
of phenomenal! personality who have a severe impact
on their surroundings: A demented mass-murdering
vampire might show up as a cold, dark patch that
attracts small Bane Gafflings, just as a mortal sociopath
might. Similarly, an undead creature on the verge of
transcending its morbid state and moving on toamore
transcendent plane might glow coldly but brightly in
the Penumbra. But for the most part, the undead have
lost their vital spark entirely, and have little effect on
the Penumbra.

Pardlal and Anajeglar

Time and space pass in the Penumbraas they do in
the physical world. If you spent one hour watching
traffic near Central Park's Penumbra before stepping
back into the physical world, exactly one hour would
have passed. If you "step sideways" at Bethesda Foun-
tain and walk through the Umbra to the Strawberry
Field garden three miles away, you'll step back into the
physical world at the Strawberry Field garden three

(fT BA SEN PETE BCE CESS EE ETO LCS

miles away. Farther from the Penumbra, such
laws may not apply, But this close to Earth, in
the shadow that the planet casts, distances are
fairly constant.
Idealistic Garou believe the Pen-
umbra shows the world as it appears in
Gaia's vision, the worldas itis meant
to be. It's certainly true that the
appearance of the physical
world can mislead one as to
‘ something's spiritual sig-
RSE nificance. In the Penum-
eee bra, things appear accord-
ing to their "importance,"
rather than their form.
This aspect of the Pen-
umbra is also made vis-
ible in the spirit forms
of shapeshifters.

The body ofatrue
shapeshifter is equal
parts flesh and spirit;
when a werewolf en-

tersthe physical world,
his spirit aspect shifts
to mostly flesh, and
when he enters the Um-
bra the reverse is true.
The spirit form of a
werewolf is, truth be told,
his body — simply made of
different stuff. However, afew
» ,& cosmetic alterations some-
times materialize. Forinstance,

a Silver Fang who is beautiful in
both body and soul may shine
e with an almost luminescent radi-
ance, her nobility even more ap-
parent. A Red Talon's coat may shim-
mer like fire, his eyes almost literally ablaze
with his passion. A Fianna Galliard would
wear the same clothes she brought with her,
but her sacred tattoos may be sharper and more
vivid, and her posture might recall the warriors of
legend rather than a modern 21st-century kid. A
Silent Striderwho mourns the loss of his love might
seem darker and colder, as if a shadow had fallen
over him. These variations are always minor; as
mentioned before, a werewolf's spirit body is the
same as his physical body, not an idealized form. But
} as creatures of spirit, shapeshifters resonate more
s» clearly when in the spirit world — they are, in a
manner of speaking, home.

°

|


—< AY

The same principles of "spiritual image" apply to the
physical landscape. A venerable church that's been fre-
quented by the faithful for two hundred years isa spiritual
bastion. A sacred oak where sorcerers have conducted
ceremonies for decades is obviously mighty. The hot dog
stand that's been parked nearby every day for a week
doesn't even leave ascenton the Penumbral air. Through
the same analogy, once a major corporation pours mil-
lions of dollars into a downtown office building and
moves in hundreds of employees, you'll likely know it.
The geometric shapes of the building may have outlines
of Platonic perfection, while Weaver-spirits coruscating
along phone lines, whizzing in computer cables, and
trapped in fluorescent lights buzz, hum and whisper
cryptic incunabula to the world surrounding them.

The reflections of physical things in the Penumbra
are made of spirit-stuff; some refer to it as ephemera.
Buildings that don't have much spiritual significance
may not have solid reflections made out of ephemera,
but that doesn't mean a werewolf can go strolling
through walls at leisure. To pass through a wall that's
only partly solid (say, that of a building with some, but
not much, significance), the Storyteller may call for a
Gnosis roll for the werewolf to pass through safely.
Also, areas of high technological concentration tend
to attract Weaver-spirits — many office buildings are
present in the Penumbra as huge layers of webbing
with no real structure beneath. However, you can
bash, smash and crash your way through ephemera just
as you would in the physical world. In the realm of
spirit, all things are possible; some just take more time
and effort than others.

Environmental hazards are also variable. For in-
stance, a werewolf who steps sideways while aboard an
airplane may well be in trouble if the plane has no
ephemeral counterpart. (Werewolves expecting to
travel by air are well-advised to perform the Rite of
Spirit Awakening on the airplane beforehand, if they
can do so covertly.) It's possible for a person to drown
in Penumbral waters or suffocate in the Penumbra of
outer space — however, shapeshifters and spirits are
allowed to make Gnosis rolls, difficulty 6, to success-
fully adapt to such situations for a scene's duration.
Ephemeral fires still cause damage, but the Penumbra
of a blazing desert is survivable. The Storyteller is
generally the final word on which hazards are "adapt-
able" and which are dangerous, no matter what.

Over time, actions taken against things in the
physical world affect their reflection in the spirit
world, and vice versa. [fa venerable church is knocked
down to make way for a parking garage, you may still
sense its remains in the Penumbra, at least until the
Weaver moves in to complete the new building. If a

Chapter One: Cosmology

pack blows its way through the same door in the
Umbra over and over, the physical door will slowly
begin to degrade. The Umbral pack might shred webs,
smash the little Weaver-spirit in the lock, or just twist
ephemera around with the Open Seal Gift. In the
physical world, the hinges on the door might begin to
squeak, or might not close properly, or the mechanism
on the lock might not work exactly right.

A little selective destruction applied to blighted
areas in the Umbra may help their corresponding
locations in the physical world heal. Squish a few
hundred blackened, toxic spirit worms inside the spiri-
tual reflection of a fast food restaurant like O'Tolleys,
and the Wyrm-taint in the greasy fries may fade. Then
again, such actions are unpredictable. The depressed
stooge who watches the fry vat might quit that day, or
the food might just taste a little more palatable on the
next. Certainly leveling all the trees in a tainted spirit
forest won't promote a healthy woodland by any means.
Garou may see Umbral objects the same way, but their
actions may invoke different results. Destroying evil in
the Umbra is not enough; Garou live in both worlds,
and must fight in both worlds to stop it.

Gernat Mystery

When Garou see spiritual reflections, they
interpret what they find there in terms they under-
stand. If these parallels were always expressed in
the exact same way, the Umbra would be easier to
understand. Unfortunately, they're not. Any cub
knows that spider-form spirits serve the Weaver,
for instance, but these spirits may not always
appear as the same species of spiders. Strange
insectoid caterpillars may spin strands of sticky
filth. Vibrating tentacled blobs may hover over
shimmering matrices of energy. The imagery of
the Umbra can change; in areas where the Wyld is
strong, it may change very quickly.

Using the same analogy, the first time Garou
visit a realm controlled by the Weaver, gigantic
spiders may scurry toward them, attempting to
calcify them in webs. The next time they delve into
a Weaver-controlled region, humanoidsin riot gear
may surround them, trying to subdue them with
clouds of chemical gas. The third time, faceless men
in shirts and ties may attempt to wrap them in red
tape. In each case, the same type of Weaver-spirits
are attacking (with the same game mechanics), but
their form is different. Even in realms dominated by
stasis, things may change from region. In short,
Garou should be aware (and Storytellers should
take note): The Umbra is never predictable.

|


ee

The reflections of animals, humans and other
self-aware or sentient creatures can't be destroyed in
this way. Ifa werewolf claws at a person's Penumbral
shadow, that person feels a chill, the proverbial
sensation of someone walking on his grave — but no
ill effects will come of it. A person's spirit reflection
is not his soul.

Are these principles absolute? Of course not. The
Penumbra is not an exact reflection of Earth. Like
anything else involving spirit and magic, it is some-
times capricious and unpredictable. Some Theurges
explain that every physical object has a spiritual force
behind it. Ifspirits are the slightest bit aware, they'll be
unpredictable, with a fimited will of their own. This
frustrates homids to no end, but it also makes great
tales for Galliards (and Storytellers). Again, the far-
ther one travels from Earth, the less earthly laws apply.

Awukerieg
Theurges believe that every object in the physical
world has an element of spirit within it; after all, they
see evidence of this first-hand every time they stepinto
the Umbra. It's a simple outgrowth of the animistic
principles they hold dear. Some objects are more
spiritually "dead" than others. A transitory object of
little consequence or significance has a very faint
reflection in the Umbra, or may not exist at all.
Some mystics are capable of awakening a spirit
that lives inside a physical object, particularly with a
well-chosen rite. No one may particularly care about a
neglected 386 desktop computer stashed in the back of
a warehouse, but a Glass Walker Theurge who per-
forms the Rite of Spirit Awakening can rouse the spirit
within it. In its spiritual reflection, a nest of sluggish
Spider-spirits begin stirring, gathering up stray frag-
ments of code and sifting through data files. A play-
ground may have been abandoned years ago, but if a
Bone Gnawer Theurge performs the same rite, he may
find it easier to clear the blight around it, possibly
making it a vital part of the neighborhood again.
Humans can do this to a much more limited
extent every day, even if they're not aware of it.
When a person labors care and attention over a
physical object, the spirit within it stirs, Over time,
the object gains significance, and its reflection in the
Umbra is strengthened. A ten-year old car rusting in
an empty lot may be spiritually dead, or may even
start to fester with Wyrm-spirits. If a mechanic res-
cues itand painstakingly tries to restore itas.a vintage
automobile, the spirit within ir awakens. It may
eventually appear in the Umbra as it did ten years
ago. A nursery filled with stuffed toys is suffused with
a glow in the Umbra; a stereo system that's kept
maintained pulses with bright Weaver energy.

2 ee

Wherever light fades, darkness spreads, Neglected
or polluted sites take on their own "dark reflection."
There are places in the physical world where horrible
crimes have been committed, where innocents have
been abused and victimized. The spirit world reflects
these actions too. A slaughterhouse may be stained
red, echoing the bleating cries of the animals that were
slain there. If the people in a neighborhood mutter
prayers as they pass by the abandoned "murder house,"
they give strength to the spiritual taint that infests it.
Asimple rite may not be enough to erase such atrocity;
far greater effort is required,

Spirits of the Wyrm are drawn to places where sin
and vice are strong. Such blights are often tinged in the
Umbra by darkness and shadow. Humans may try to
hide some of these places in the physical world, but
they're still clearly visible in the Umbra. The faint
outline of a human may take on veins of black corrup-
tion if he's fertile ground for the Wyrm's taint. Spirits
haunt such people, whispering and hovering until the
time for possession is just right.

It should be noted that just as there is light and
darkness, there are always shades of gray. In the mod-
erm world, vast stretches of urban landscape are col-
ored by moral ambiguity.

Sutet tna Pareephion

Just as Garou can pass between the two worlds
(by stepping sideways), some spirits can pass from the
Penumbra to the Earthly realm and back again. By
using up their energy, they can materialize in the
physical world. They can roughly guess where things
are in the physical realm by watching their spiritual
reflections. Wyld-spirits are drawn to light; Wyrm-
spirits to darkness. Some spirits actually attempt to
possess beings they watch in the physical world.
These ephemera are hidden in the physical world, bur
often clearly visible in the spirit world, A madman
may secretly have a Wyld spirit clawing at his back
and whispering insanity; only in the Umbra is this
hidden truth revealed.

Without the use of particular Gifts, fetishes or
blessings, Garou cannot peer directly from the physi-
cal world into the Umbra. Even when they are ca-
pable of entering such a mystic trance, their visions of
the spirit world are very limited. Werewolves find it
much easier to "peek" from the Penumbra back to the
physical world; spirits can do much the same (which
is how many Banes find victims). Attempting such a
feat requires attunement and spiritual strength, since
it involves recognizing what spiritual reflections ac-
tually represent. (As part of this, if a character is
peeking, the number of dice in his Perception dice
pool can't exceed his Gnosis.}

14 Umbra

————

ee

|


F

increase by 1 every time after the first attempt.)
Uber Vomembrne

Garou of all tribes step sideways into the Pen-

* umbra regularly, but the Galliards and Theurges of

a few tribes tell stories about other Penumbrae.
Those who feel a need to be precise when trying to
categorize all of creation sometimes refer to the
Penumbra described above as the "Near Penum-
bra." There are, however, others.

These other Penumbrae are rarely experienced,

NN ee

After peeking into the earthly realm across the
Gauntlet, actually influencing the physical world
requires the Garou to step sideways again. Playing
with the Gauntlet over and over again tempts the
Weaver to take notice. (In game terms, if players
keep passing through the Gauntlet in the same area
repeatedly, the difficulty forstepping sideways should

and far removed from a werewolf' casual reach.
The reason is that they aren't tied to the Near
Umbra — the source of ashapeshifter's spirit power
—atall. The physical world is said to cast a shadow
into both the Deep Umbra and the Dark Umbra —
and the strange Penumbrae that are the result are
largely things of legend to Garou. Silent Striders
hint at a "land of the dead," a shadowy realm that
can be accessed only by ritual, haunted by ghosts
rather than spirits; Stargazers postulate the exist-
ence of an "astral Penumbra," and call it cousin to
the Periphery. Even the Glass Walkers wonder at
the possibility of a Penumbra tied into virtual
reality and the network of cyberspace, although it's
hard to imagine such a thing existing before the
20th century in any form. Fortunately for the aver-
age cub, these theories aren't common; for most,
the Near Penumbra is the Penumbra, the only one
they need know.

The other "true" Penumbrae are far from com-
mon experience — the Penumbrae of the moon
and the other planets of the solar system. It's
theoretically possible, at least according to some
Theurges, for a werewolf to find his way through
the spirit world to the Penumbra of Mars or Venus
—or farther. The journey needn't be lethal, though
it would surely be difficult. However, without life
to enrich the other planets and their spiritual
shadows, the spirits there would surely make poor
allies. How would it be possible to convince a

spirit of the virtue of preserving the world's forests
and oceans if the spirit has never seen so much as
a weed or puddle? Even the void of outer space is
reflected with a Penumbra, although the Gauntlet
is terribly low out between the planets and stars. A
few Ragabash share jokes of human mystics who

15


ne A

believe that there is no physical "outer space," that
spaceships and man-made satellites are somehow
magical devices that journey into the spirit world.
("And they call us primitives...")

Even so, mystics and occultists are acquainted
with the meanings associated with such celestial bod-
ies. Crude definitions can never fully define their deep
and spiritual meanings. A Theurge may say that Mars
is a "planet of war," but in truth, Mars is governed by
its own Planetary Incarna — and perhaps even a
Celestine above that Incarna. A mystic may say that
Mars has an influence on events on Earth, but the
planet's spirit may very well have its own ideas. When
one stands on the shores of the Aetherial Realm,
meditating upon the heavens at an Anchorhead, the
vibrations from these worlds are dimly perceptible,
chiming as the enigmatic "music of the spheres."
Stargazers may spend a lifetime studying this strange
and illuminating music.

Some Garou heroes dare to travel through the
ether to these other realms. Each Incarna has its own
wisdom to bestow, as well as its own Gifts and bless-
ings. Just as Garou can form a pack based around a
Gaian totem, the greatest Garou heroes can form a
pack with a Planetary Incarna as their totem. Of
course, this requires them to visionquest through the
Umbra to find their totem spirit. In recent years, entite
packs of elders (the highest-ranking Garou) have
taken up these, the greatest quests, to find new hope for
their dying world.

The Cauutlf

There is a barrier between Earth and the Penum-
bra, a construct said to be erected by the Weaver to
keep order in the physical world. Garou must pass
through the Gauntlet to step sideways from the physi-
cal world to the spirit world. Visionaries describe the
act of passing through the Gauntlet as a silky caress,
like brushing aside a heavy (sometimes impossibly
heavy) curtain of soft velvet — thus, many poetic
Galliards refer to the Umbra as the Velvet Shadow.
Others describe the sensation of reaching through
spider webs, parting black lace to reveal a brilliant
candle, or feeling the breath from the faintest whisper.

The Gauntlet is a creation of the Weaver, and as
such, the barrier is thickest wherever order is strongest.
Deep in the heart of the largest cities, or hidden in the
high-security areas of high-tech laboratories, Garou
find itextremely difficult to escape into the Penumbra.
There, man's laws reign supreme. In the same spirit,
places where nature is strongest, usually deep in the
heart of the wilderness, the Gauntlet is weaker. Meditat-
ing deep in the forest, it's easier to imagine the world
as it must have been long before human history began.

1

——

There are a few sacred places where ritual and
magic used repeatedly have kept the Gauntlet espe-
cially weak. Caerns are places of power for the Garou,
where the strength of the spirit world can be called
upon and focused, and thus, they are the place of
preference for cubs, cliath or other inexpetienced
Umbral travelers to step sideways. The Gauntlet is
accordingly lower in a caern, and the risk is reduced.
(The fact that elder Garou are typically waitingnearby
to rescue young packs when they fail is an added
advantage.) Other supernatural sites frequented by
different occult creatures — for example, the stone
citcle of a band of modern-day druids or the hilltop
where the fae ate said to come to earth — present
similar opportunities. But such places are almost al-
ways guarded in some fashion; as far as cubs are con-
cerned, such places invite greater peril than more
mundane areas with a higher Gauntlet.

Just as there are other Penumbrae, there are
other Gauntlets as well, but many Garou do not
concern themselves with them. The realm of the
dead and other such places cannot be accessed
without the use of rare and secret rites, so most
werewolves have never so much as brushed up against
these "alrernate" Gauntlets. Most of the time, when
werewolves refer to passing through the Gauntlet to
the Umbra, they speak of the Gauntlet between
Earth and the Middle Penumbra.

Sepphag Sdesays and Citing Casiglf

The journey to the spirit world is not one to be
taken lightly. Cubs are foolish to attempt such a feat
before their Rite of Passage. Many homids are too
spiritually weak to attempt it without great risk. Some
even think they know "shortcuts" to the spirit world,
believing they've witnessed it before in poetic reveries,
after the ingestion of drugs, or during massive intoxi-
cation. (There are reasons for these delusions, as we'll
soon see.) Garou cubs learn simpler methods. Meditat-
ing upon a reflective surface is the most direct.

Fianna Theurges point out that because the spirir
world isa "reflection" of the physical world, a mirror or
crystal clear lake is the perfect affinity or focus for such
magic. Bone Gnawers share this belief, but often
meditate on very different sorts of puddles. A reflective
surface is actually a crutch of sorts, Mirrors are a
commonly used focus, but by no means the only one.
Enlightened or mystical Garou find it easy to reach
such states by other means. Children of Gaia may
prefer the altered states mentioned previously. A Star-
gazer may rake the stones of a Zen garden or breathe
deeply during a tai chi kata. Less attuned sorts find
meditation difficult; the traditional name for stepping
sideways, "reaching," sums up that extra effort.

Umbra

a


a5

Many werewolves carry their own personal talis-
mans to help them "reach" across the Gauntlet, relying
on different sorts of reflective objects. An Uktena may
gaze at a shiny piece of jewelry given to her by a tribal
shaman. A Bone Gnawer might tote a highly polished
hip flask. A Glass Walker might just beam with joy
over the greenish luminescent display of his cell phone.
Just as there are few absolutes about the spirit world, no
two Garou need relate to it in exactly the same way. (In
game terms, one of these items offers a -1 difficulty to
the roll co step sideways, just as. a mirror would. At the
Storyteller's option, more unusual meditative tech-
niques such as a Stargazer's Zen garden or a Child of
Gaia's altered state of consciousness might serve a
similar purpose, although only for the Garou who is
used to meditating in such a way.)

Of course, it's possible to botch an attempt to step
sideways. Typically, if a mirror is used as a focus, the
stress shatters it. When less traditional methods are
used, stranger things can happen. Pity the poor Bone
Gnawer who gazes into a pond in acity park. He might
find the soda cans in the water distracting; if he does,
he may wind up with tinny soda pop jingles racing
through his skull for hours and hours. Sometimes little
"pocket realms" of the Weaver's creation get caught in
the Gauntlet — a werewolf might find himself in the
middle of the same commercial or hit song over and
over again until he can figure a way out.

When strange foci are used, bizarre (yet illuminat-
ing) events can occur. A cell phone may receive calls
from a dead person, who haunts the unfortunate Glass
Walker who relied on his tech instead of his insight. A
wall-length mirror may twist into a funhouse, reflect-
ing a vain Silver Fang's moral flaws. The hip flask may
produce debilitating intoxication that Gifts cannot
disperse. Don't ever count on the Umbra to do exactly
what you want. Each one of these pocket realms
allegedly has a solution for getting out of it. The vain
Silver Fang might divest herself of her make-up and
expensive clothes, while the Bone Gnawer may re-
cycle the cans in the lake.

A Garou doesn't have to use a reflective surface
when stepping sideways — it's just safer. Without one,
the most common danger of passing through the Gaunt-
let is actually getting caught in the Weaver's webs. In
these cases, another pack member may attempt to pass
through the exact same spot and rescue the poor fool.
(Read: Attempt a Gnosis roll at a higher difficulty.)
Complications might arise: Weaver-spirits might at-
tack, or a treasured possession might get lost forever.
It's never quite the same experience twice. After all, if
actions always carried the exact same consequence,
the pack might as well remain on Earth. Once one

rae

A ET

Dkcormedtion

Shapeshifters are meant to live between the
Umbra and the physical world; they are creatures
of both worlds, and don't do well without main-
taining a balance between the two. For every year
a werewolf goes without stepping sideways (either
to or from the Umbra), add one to the effective
difficulty number to step sideways when he tries it
next. (This countdown begins from the werewolf's
First Change, not from the day of his birth.) This
adjustment can take the difficulty over 10; if a
werewolf spends ten years in the Umbra, he can
obviously never return. At this point, he has
become a being of spirit in full.

Storytellers may allow characters to undergo
quests to reduce this disconnection (as long as the
characters don't wait until it's too late.) For those
shapeshifters who have a more difficult time step-
ping sideways (such as Bastet, although entering
or leaving a den-realm counts as stepping side-
ways), the Storyteller might also be a little more
generous with the time limit. Remember, though,
this rule is intended to simulate a shapeshifter's
need to acknowledge both his physical and spirit
natures — allowing a shapeshifter to neglect ei-
ther side with no penalty might convey the wrong
message about the mood of Werewolf.

faces the perils of an Umbral journey, mankind's
reality is left behind.

Gnatticlin

"Why does the Umbra work this way?" cubs ask.
"Why do some Garou find stepping sideways easier than
others? Why is reaching the Umbra so difficult?"

Garou have a wealth of explanations, and many of
them are correct. Many of them also contradict each
other, and are also correct. Some werewolves just don't
care, as long as they make it through the Gauntlet
safely. Wise cubs avoid contemplating such matters
entirely, and skip ahead to the next subject.

One mystical explanation iscommon: Man's world,
the physical world, has become completely and utterly
corrupt. As the End Times approach, the world is
utterly infested by the Wyrm, the Great Serpent that
suborns and destroys all it touches, unraveling all of
creation. Yet mystics and spiritualists can sense some-
thing more transcendent in the world around them,
something magical that defies the limits of the mate-
tial world. Some call it spirit. Garou call it Gnosis.

Gnosis is attained through wisdom and contem-
plation, intellect and wonder. It transcends the reality

Chapter One: Cosmology 17

NY

|

—— a ——
a OA
of the physical world. On Earth, the Wyrm reigns
supreme, but in the spirit world, the Wyld endures. If
one can ignore the temptations of the physical world,
one can attain Gnosis. The Wyrm tempts with vice
and sin. The Weaver offers material comforts and
distractions. Most modern humans define the world in
a way that denies mysticism and magic. Gnosis tran-

scends such temptations.

Werewolves follow far older ways than most of the
human race. Rituals preserve an understanding of
Gnosis that predates all of man's history, but some
Garou stumble upon the knowledge by more exotic
means. Because they defy many of mankind's conven-
tions, whether that's by a Stargazer's asceticism or a
Bone Gnawer sniffing at puddles of urine, they step
outside the world mankind has created, and remember
the world as it once was. Through wisdom and medi-
tation, the Garou escape the clutches of the Weaver
and the Wyrm to find Gaia in her purest form.

The Variphery

Humans sometimes experience the wonder and
inspiration of the Umbra, but in limited ways. Youmay
think of the Periphery as a place between Earth the
Penumbra; some call it the Soft Umbra. Mystics on
visionquests may catch a brief glimpse of the Periphery
in the midst of starvation and aesthetic deprivation.
Strong-willed humans in altered chemical states may
witness it through a fog of intoxication and madness,
although they may be unable to distinguish it from
hallucinations. Poets in the midst of reverie, when
their creative powers are at their height, may capture
some small fragment of its reality. They have a very
limited understanding of spirit, yet one that is greater
than that of the average person.

Galliards often see the Periphery as asign of Gaia's
love, that something so rich and real can come to the
right people. They sometimes attribute the Periphery's
granted sensations to Awen, their creative muse. In
fact, some Garou artists and visionaries attempt to
attain the Periphery in search of Awen by following
these very human activities. Others seek her in the
depths of the Umbra, or insist that she has no one
spiritual form to find. Regardless, long ago when the
two worlds were one, the Periphery was closer to
human consciousness as well. Now it is masked by the
distractions of man's modern world, baffled and muffled
by the Weaver's ceaseless activity and the Wyrm's
tyrannical and draconian schemes.

The Periphery isn't precisely a place; it's more of a
state of mind, a heightening of spiritual awareness that
comes on its own. Its spirit denizens are few and far
between, and are generally abstract spirits such as
Chimerlings and Epiphiings that have found their way

18

ee

from other, stranger vistas. No werewolf has discovered
areliable way to step sideways and stand in the Periph-
ery; it would be easier to stand on a cloud. That said,
there are rumors that Umbral travelers who have be-
come exceptionally lost have accidentally found their
way into the Periphery, shoulder to shoulder with the
dreamsand visions that inspire poets and madmenalike.

Lat lonocepce

Once a hero returns from the Umbra, he's keenly
aware of how much the physical world is lacking. He
may remember the stories his elders told him, of "long
ago when the two worlds were as one." As one re-
nowned Galliard has said, "They were not cut from the
same fabric; they were the whole cloth. They were not
two sides of the same coin; they were the indivisible
face of reality." Until, that is, something separated them
forever. After returning from the other side of the
looking glass, the wandering hero may ask: Why?

Many Garou believe this separation was the result
of some war in the Tellurian, no doubt the result of a
division in the Triat, the forces of the Weaver, Wyld
and Wyrm. Some blame the Weaver: In a world of
limitless imagination, the Weaver went mad trying to
classify, categorize, and separate everything (rather
like some homids do). To pare away what it did not
understand, its spiritual servitors erected a barrier
between the worlds. Some blame the Wyrm: When it
became corrupt (it is said), the separation of the two
worlds was the first step in its campaign to unravel all
creation. Others simply state that there was no longer
a place in the world for pure Wyld energy. After the
creation of everything, the excess force of the Wyld
had to go somewhere; thus, the Umbra.

Storytellers and loremasters attest that at the
dawn of history, men and women were aware of the
close proximity of the spirit world. As the two worlds
slipped apart, mankind drifted away from a world of
magic and limitless possibility, trapped in a realm of
cold, hard facts and quantifiable reality. Life became
devoid of its inherent meaning.

In the modern world, humans can't explain this
feeling of loss at the core of their being. Some try tofill the
void with anything that can approximate the transcen-
dent feelings of the spirit world. They seek out pale
approximations of it whenever they can — through
drugs, alcohol, television, meaningless sex, gluttony,
intellectualization — but nothing fills the emptiness.
The spiritsofthe Wyrmand Weaver know how toexploit
this hunger, preying on human weakness, Mankind stag-
gers about in a cold and uncaring world in search of
something it can never again attain. Evenafew Changing
Breeds have lost much of their talent for walking the
Umbra, no longer able to rely on its proximity.

Umbra

mani narnia


But the Garou have not forgotten. Werewolves
remember, even as their memories fill them with
anger. In a way, the Umbra reflects the hopes, ideals
and dreams of the Garou. They renew the fight against
corruption in the real world by facing it over and over
again in the spirit world. As the world dies, hopeless-
ness and despair have crept further into the Umbra,
but by defeating evil in the distant realms of the
Umbra, werewolves find the courage and strength to
face similar evils in the real world.

The New Uubra

It's easy for cubs to be fascinated by their quick
jaunts into the Umbra; the Penumbra certainly holds
enough wonders and threats to keep a pack interested
(and occupied). However, there's more to the Umbra
than that, and many higher-ranking weréwolves seek
more rarefied knowledge, things that cannot be found
in Earth's Shadow.

To most shapeshifters, the Near Umbra»is..the
Umbra. Yes, they know that there's more.to.the spirit
world than the Near Umbra and alfit contains — but
the: Deep.and:Datk Wmbrae simply aren't where the
war for Gaia is being fought. Even the most ambitidits.
Ahroun knows that hurling oneselfsinto the Deep
Umbra in hopes of "slaying the Wy#m in its den" is not
only suicidal, but virtually impossible. Similarly, the
Dark Umbra is the place of the dead, and human dead
at that — when a shapeshifter dies, his spirit is freed to
return to the Near Umbra, there to serve future genera-
tions, or perhaps even to be born again.

No, the Near Umbra is what matters most to the
Garou and the other Fera. A battle won here ean have
great repercussions throughout the worlds. All the
pain of the world can be found here somewhere,
whether in the Near Realms or simply drifting in
clumps of manifest concepts in the place between.

Most of the Near Umbra is relatively formless
overall; it resembles the primeval void or chaos that,
according to many myths, gave birth to the Earth. The
raw spiritstuff of the Umbra changes and shifts to
match whatever Realms or Zones are nearby; chunks
of rusted metal drift aimlessly near Scar, while the
spirit world near one of Helios' abodes is filled with
blazing sunlight. There's no fixed "up" or "down,"
although werewolves on a path or scaling the Pattern
Web can perceive those concepts in a relative sense.
For example, everyone knows that you have to go "up"
toreach the Aetherial Realm, whereas as one nears the
Abyss, one can feel the gravity of the place pulling
things "down" toward itself. It's no surprise that the
Near Realms are the best landmarks one could ask for
in the shifting texture of the spirit world.

Sans:

See emcee earreceren eee Ne ae

You may, if you choose, picture the Near Realms
like a strand of spheres strung around the Earth, like a
shimmering pearl necklace. It's an inaccurate analogy,
but the analogy works well enough to not drive human
minds insane. Each of these realms has its own set of
laws and rules, though each also has its own degree of
unpredictability. The laws that color human percep-
tions of reality don't necessarily apply in the Near
Realms — instead, the Near Realms are governed by
the instinctual, the subconscious. Things make a dif-
ferent sort of sense in Near Realms, where "that's just
the way things are" is nearly a physical law to itself.

For instance, the Near Realm Battleground is a
place of constant war, never interrupted by an out-
break of peace. Certainly, humans and shapeshifters
don't pursue bloodshed and vengeance every minute
of. their lives--sbutithe Battleground is different.
The gréatest battles of human — and shapeshifter
—— history are constantly replayed in Battleground,
always blazing withsth@sftesh vigor of a newborn
hattleerysAS long as someone, human or spirit,
remembers a battle — the Battleground will fight
that battle over and over again. It doesn't make
sense tosome, but that'stheiw: Umbra — as
long asitheipotential for wat ai exists in
mortal hearts, the'manations of the Battleground
can never set down their weapons.

The events ina Near Realm make sense, but only
in a mythic or dramatic way. Once a pack strays off
the pathin Battleground to pursue a great battle, they
find it very hard to return the way they came. They
must fight on until the grisly conclusion. After the
skirmish commences, the only way to escape is to
survive until the very end. If a hero dies before then,
he merely regains consciousness somewhere between
the Near Realms and the Penumbra. Strangely, it is
far easier to regenerate in Battleground than any
other realm — strangely, that is, to those who don't
think in terms of why the Battleground is. Werewolves
heal quickly in the Battleground because the battles
must go on. And werewolves seek out the Battle-
ground to understand their own ideals of heroic
battle; to some, a bloody quest of this nature reveals
far more than simple introspection would.

While this may not seem like a very "realistic"
sequence of events, it is the "reality" of Battle-
ground. Countless heroes have followed the spirit
quest to this Near Realm, reinforcing its same set of
"rules." It is possible that a visionary pack may.
encounter it in.an entirely new way, forever altering
the way it is perceived, but until then, the saga is
told the same way over and over. Stranger things
have happened, and often do.

Chapter One: Cosmology 19

mane

|

Tatoted and Forgotten Raaflar

The Wyrm and Weaver have already started to
claim some of the Near Realms as their own. Scar is
a very different sort of realm. Both the Wyrm and
Weaver are strong there, and hopelessness prevails.
An endless cityscape of squalor and urban devasta-
tion, it traps the spirits who live there in mindless
routines of slavery and servitude. They trudge through
the same commutes to factories, corporate offices,
and retail hells over and over again. Many have
forgotten they are spirits at all, and they are slowly
sapped of their energy.

Garou raiding Scar must follow these same "laws,"
often succumbing to them against their will. They may
forget the object of their quest along the way. A patrol
of Bane-spiders may capture them, force them into
slavery, and sap them of their Gnosis like the spirits
they hunt. They may forget their ideals, finding them
replaced by material (and very transitory) wealth.
There are ways to awaken the spirits who are also
trapped, but these laws are unique to Scar. By under-
standing Scar, one may come understand why lupus
werewolves fear cities, or at least train to fight the
‘Weaver and Wyrm in the physical worldas homids do.

In recent years, it has become harder to find some
of the older, lesser-known realms. As an example,
Fianna have started to notice that fewer packs return.
from their quests to find the fabled Arcadia Gateway.
Once faerie trods allowed heroes to attempt the long
and perilous journey to the distant shores of Arcadia,
bur many of these paths have been broken or de-
stroyed. The tales of returning packs become more
disparate, and cynics insist that as the End Tires
approach, all of the Near Realms may disappear. But
other werewolves refuse to be so fatalistic. Time alone
cannot destroy the Near Realms, they claim — only
failure to win the war.

The Major Near Reabag

Garou epics mention the Near Realms more than
any other destinations beyond the Penumbra. Perhaps
telling tales of such places over and over keeps them
hale and healthy. Although they've been mentioned
in the main ruleb isa quick summation
of the Near Real: ir to the Garou:

t ric of creation, the
"gorisumes everything
its depths are things

¢ Aetheria] Realm: Sherine across the Um-
bral heavens, portions of the Aetherial Realm wend

their way across the barrier between Earth and the
Deep Umbra. Powerful tend to Anchorheads,
places where travelets Figs pass through Earth's
Gauntlet to other y of these distant
realms are staunchly d by the Stargazer tribe.
Aetherial totems have @

* Arcadia G:
relic of a bygone
future. This rea nifestation of the fae in
age Whi €manations imbued
hey lassic roles of fae

ht.of the fae has

ways. If Garou seek eect a
they had best quest here s

* Atrocity Realm: Mil of suffering from all
the world's victims hav the Atrocity Realm,
a place where the és and tortures have
been immortalized. eks this place for glory
— those that come he

learn, no matter how
\

painful the lesson b

n dedicated to war and
attleground will burn
on one another.
f history live on:
ium, Roman inva-
iefdoms, the two

camps have also

inst the Weaver has
kyscrapers of the
of the streets below,
ir forces. High over-
gh-tech realm. "Cor-
toss many vertical
miles. Computer t eted throughout the
upper levels grant aceéss 2% a sub-realm known as the

Computer Web.
Erebus: Gaia's é. sts in caverns below
the Umbrascape, w! ou atone for their

greatest sins. Siniste: k or silver Crinos
brutes exact erewolves. Their

charges wri silver. Visitors may
pass through a1 the errots of others...or
may challenge the bro odg for knowledge and power.

Charyss rules here, watching from the parapets of a
castle in the center of a silver lake.

Umbra

y=

a


—_>) > @

¢ Flux: Anything's possible in this highly transi-
tory realm. When the Wyld'faded from Gaia, it's said,
he left his heart in deepyineche Umbra. Now the
Weaver has encased ivand trapped it in the Flux Near
Realm. Pure madness 4nd' @fergy surge here.

© Legendary Realm: The legends of the Garou
live on. Packs in the Legendary Realin can experience
the lives of their aneestets hete. Incorporating the
legends of all the tribessit has created a mythic fantasy
realm, a place thatmever was, but will exist until the
end of time. Galliards give this tealm strength by
reciting tales fromthe old days.

* Malfeas: Just the CyberRealm pulses with the
growing power of the Weaver, Malfeas bears witness to
the diseased might of the Wytm. Though the Wyrm
itself may make its hosfieinithe Deep Umbra, the most
corrupt and demesited of its servitors have flocked
here, to the realm born ofits most, hideous dreams.

© Pangaea: A world before civilization. A world
before the Impergium. Pangaea is a spiritual memory of
primal Earth, as it wa$,and as it should have been.
Dinosaur kings and bronze-skinned human tribes live
on as Pangaean spitits..Packs have been known to
degenerate here ovenitime, resembling their ancient
ancestors more with'each passing day.

© Scar: Created during the Industrial Revolution,
this realm once reflected the idealistic efficiency of
mechanical perfection, The Wyrm and Weaver have
since claimed the realmyasitheir own, sacrificing cap-
tured spirits to crearé Wyrmetainted fetishes. Every
employee's nightmates‘Come to life here. The soul-
deadening horrors of theaworkplace thrive in Scar.

© Summer Countrys/Mhiisiis another realm that is
steadily fading away, becominglost in the depths of the
Umbra, It is a world of Gaia'sjpure, uncorrupted love,
where she offers herbounty'to all who would receive it.
Some Garou debate whether,it exists at all anymore.

* Wolfhome: Upon reaching»Wolfhome, all
werewolves immediately shift..16 Lupus form... and
cannot change batk, ToStitvive, one must master the
ways of the wolf, Hereson@yfinds vast stretches of
untouched wilde Panswets to primal mysteries
the world has ‘forg6tten, and e¥en urban labyrinths
where animals are hunted)and feared. Homids are
sometimes sentgto quest in Wolfhome when lupus
elders are angeréd.

Aitbage ave Splolt Quethe

Actually finding your way toone the Near Realms,
or any other destination, is an achievement in itself.
Galliards and other storytellers often say that if you're
looking for something in the Umbra, and you're des-
tined to find it, you'll get there eventually. Quests in

SN Ns ee

the Umbra are dramatic, but also downright strange.
Garou tell wondrous (and sometimes epic) tales of
heroes who left the world behind to go questing the
Umbra. The hero leaves the world he knows to face the
unknown. Such journeys are called aislings, or "spirit
quests." Visionaries find a way to travel beyond the
Penumbra to other realms, sometimes guided only by
a vague knowledge of what they seek.

One of the most common quests attempted in the
Umbra is the one to find a pack's totem. Garou refer
to this journey as a type of visionquest (although the
Wendigo have a very distinctive Vision Quest of
their own). The heroes first ceremonially purify them-
selves, then smear a concoction of mud and mugwort
over their eyes. Ritually, they step sideways. Once
they open their eyes, they can see evidence that their
totem spirit is nearby.

Each tribe may encounter its own distinctive set of
tracks, clues or spoor leading to the spirit, whether
those are actually pawprints, slaughtered victims, a
phone number on an ephemeral matchbook, or what-
ever. If the pack can resolve the enigmas they find, or
at least destroy the malefic spirits that bar their way,
they can eventually catch up to their totem spirit and
ritually bind it to them. The visionquest is completed
once the pack performs the Rite of the Totem, declar-
ing their alliance to it and its ideals.

Many spirit quests follow this same sequence of
events. The hero leaves the laws and reality of his
world behind, attains insight by studying a strange,
new realm, and then safely returns to bring such
wisdom with him into the "real world." More re-
nowned packs pursue more epic quests. There are few
shortcuts to a Near Realm, for instance. A pack seek-
ing one journeys in the Penumbra until they find
something that will lead them to this other dimension.

Sometimes, the path is straightforward. Spirits
who have made this journey over and over sometimes
leave paths behind for Garou to follow. These paths
and "signposts" are called airts, and they take many
forms. They may be shimmering trails, cryptic hoof-
prints, unusual scents, fragments of forgotten memo-
ries, or just plain weird shit. A Bone Gnawer may read
the labels of milk cartons discarded by a thirsty rat-
spirit on its way to Scar, while Wendigo may read the
entrails of beasts a wolverine-spirit has slain. Spirits, as
one would expect, are unusually adept at reading such
signs, often by using the Charm: Airt Sense.

Many lesser realms lie between the Penumbra and
the Near Realms, usually containing a little bit of both
places. A Glass Walker might lead his pack to Scar by
following the sidewalks of the city, rushing along them
at high speed. A Bone Gnawer could burrow under a

Chapter One: Cosmology 21


we AA"

gigantic trash-spirit until he finds a tunnel. Before
long, the Glass Walker may see an endlessly repeating
series of identical streets and buildings where cock-
roach-spirits reveal directions in code. The Bone
Gnawer, on the ether hand, could uncover a marvel-
ous sewer where legions of rat-spirits are amassing
another raid on Scar. The journey is as important as
the destination, and no two alphas will lead their pack
toa Near Realm in quite the same way. The journey is
never exactly the same twice.

Stott Pathe

Umbral navigation doesn't always rely on follow-
ing totem spirits (or yourdestiny). A wise Theurge may
be able to bargain with a spirit to lead him to a realm
it knows, but some ephemera are canny enough to
mislead or misdirect the unwise traveler. Packs have
totem spirits to aid them, but sometimes a true hero
ventures in the spirit world alone on a personal
visionquest. Garou may get separated from the rest of
their pack, or travel with other shapechangers who
betray them. When all seems lost, there are ways to
find your way back. Umbral geography and fixed
ephemera that direct travelers are collectively known
as spirit paths.

Moon bridges are perhaps the best known form of
spirit path. Garou open them to travel between caerns
during their ceremonies. Keeping both ends of a moon
bridge viable requires a Pathstone at each end, as well
as regular diplomacy between septs. The apex of a
moon bridge passes through fringes of the Aetherial
Realm (mentioned above), and is kept sacred and safe
by Luna herself. No one in recorded Garou history has
ever tried to sever the walls of a moon bridge along his
way; if anyone succeeded, Luna's vengeance against
him was no doubt sufficient to remove him from
recorded history.

Moon paths are pathways of moonlight that con-
nect the Umbra at night. A Garou who follows Luna
with great devotion may be rewarded with a vision of
one. Taking up the journey isnot without risk. A moon.
path's perils often correspond to the current phase of
the moon.

—Duringa full moon, hostile spirits may be drawn.
to the path, waiting to ambush foolish or unwary
travelers.

—Duringa gibbous moon, spirits may block a path
demanding chiminage of songs and stories (even if the
pack has to go out of its way to uncover one).

—The half-moon path is contested by the Wyrm,
Wyld, and Weaver, or even courts of spirits. The pack
may need to negotiate it by shifting alliances or
brokering deals.

2

——

Jeert bo the Cnfra

The most common method of tracking spirits
is by scent. Animals (including wolves) often use
smells on the physical plane to interpret the world
in ways that humans cannot. This tendency is
stronger in the spirit world, since many inconse-
quential physical distractions are gone.

Garou can use Perception + Primal-Urge to
track places, spirits, or even concepts in the Um-
bra (the difficulty depends on how esoteric or
"distant" the quarry is). Not surprisingly, the smells
involved don't have to correlate to any scent on
Earth; synesthetic effects are entirely possible.
("What's it smell like?" "It's blue!") At the
Storyteller's option, events in the recent past can
be scented as well, although describing events by
smell can be as challenging as stepping sideways.
The Storyteller also has the prerogative of limiting
this ability as needed, since nothing in the spirit
world need be absolute. As another optional rule,
a Garou cannot use more dice of Primal-Urge than
he has in Enigmas.

— While the crescent moon is barely visible,
guardian spirits and cunning adversaries demand the
resolution of enigmas. Puzzles predominate.

— Atno moon, the path is obviously broken, or
may only barely be visible at all, demanding the
travelers use introspection to find their way.

By compare, spirits who have traveled along the
same airts over and over leave spirit tracks, trails that
can be physically followed. Wyld spirits may leave a
trail of renewed vigor and energy in their wake, while
Wyrm-spirits may pollute and despoil theirspiritpaths,
imbuing them with despair and misery. As noted in the
main rules, the difficulty with spirit tracks is their
impermanence; a strong Umbral wind can easily de-
stroy one.

Spirit gates are treasured discoveries, as they lead
instantly from one area to the other. Unfortunately,
many of them do not last for long. The longest lived
one, the gateway between the Umbra and mythical
Arcadia, lasted for centuries of Earth's history, and
now may be lost forever.

Aside from these four well-known methods, there
are other more unusual paths. Bane Gnawers speak
with reverence of the Subway, a mysterious cross-
Umbral train used by their tribe. Some can only find it
after epic bouts of intoxication, earning it the nick-
name "Night Train." Silent Striders know there is
another conveyance that passes through the lands of
the dead, a "Midnight Express" that frequents all the

Umbra

a ee


WAN

haunts of the dead, while Nuwisha werecoyotes tell
implausible and misleading stories about their own
spectral Ghost Train.

Umbral geography doesn't have to follow earthly
laws, of course. The spirit world isn't limited to vast
plains and natural landscapes. Packs following spirit
paths may find themselves on the back of aslumbering
giant, spinning through tubes of viscous fluids, wafting
on currents of cold air, or flushed down a downward
spiral. Tesseracts unfold like flowers and musicians
climb staffs of musical notes. Plasticine porters with
looking glass ties keep on trucking through hippie
cliches. The sky is no longer the limit.

Weaver-Splrhts avd the Pattern Woh

The Pattern Web is another type of spirit path,
one that is primarily used by the Weaver's minions —
but sometimes also by those who oppose them. Since
the Mad Weaver erected many of the Gauntlets be-
tween realms, domains and even Penumbrae, her spiri-
tual servitors can scurry almost anywhere along the
Web.

The pattern is so complex that it's almost impos-
sible to read without the Glass Walker (and Theurge)
Gift: Web Walker (see Appendix). Summoning or
commanding Weaver-spirits may also work. Remem-
bering where a path leads may require an Intelligence

a

+ Enigmas roll (difficulty 7). Such shortcuts are not
without risk; the following are just a few hazards
appropriate to traveling the Web. (Note: These haz-
ards may also be found anywhere the Weaver is strong,
such as the barriers around different realms, domains,
sub-realms and dimensions.)

¢ A large and powerful Weaver Incarna looms
into view in all its insectile, multifaceted glory. Laying
low may be the best option, although a very clever
negotiator might be able to trick the thing with con-
trived logic into revealing information or doing a favor
for the pack.

© Wyldlings attack the pack, mistaking them for
servants of the Mad Weaver. Their hostility and alien
nature is such that negotiation has almost no chance
of dissuading them. This is a fine way of stressing that
nomemberof the Triat, noteven the Wyld, is "friendly"
toward the Garou.

© Several pattern webs coalesce into a web con-
nection, creatinga Weaver-dominated domain. There
may be a terminal there leading to the Computer Web
of the CyberRealm.

© Some sections of the Web are blighted by Wyrm
taint. The Wyrm sometimes corrupts Weaver-spiders
into Blight-spiders, resulting in expanses of acidic
webs, clouds of toxic gas, and worse hazards. Wyrm-


corrupted Weaver-spirits are under no compulsion to
leave werewolves using the Web Walker Gift alone.

* Calcified objects may be found within the webs:
dying spirits, fetishes of diminishing power,
shapeshifters in suspended animation, putrefying
corpses, and so on. A valiant Garou might have to
overcome ambushers, sticky patches of webs or even
possessed victims in order to set the ephemera free.
Blight-spiders lay traps around such objects, and he-
roes may not notice hazards until it is too late.

® Informational Geomids are nodes of informa-
tion surrounded by Attack Geomids. Many are ephem-
era of platonic or polyhedral perfection, dealing with
intruders with ruthless efficiency. A savvy traveler
may be able to barter for information, or an isolated

ee A Ae eee

Miyfle and Legend

Heroism plays a big role in the spirit world.
While cubs have traveled to the Penumbra for
countless generations, many of the Umbral realms
beyond are undefined and unknown. Whena hero
travels to a realm for the first time or attempts a
task that would be impossible in the "real world,"
he's taking a big chance. That's part of what makes
hima hero. He'sa trailblazer; ifhe succeeds, others
will follow him.

Werewolves acknowledge heroism by award-
ing renown; as part of this, Galliards retell tales of
renown over and over. Legendary Garou thus
inspire cliath and cubs to follow in their pawprints,
taking the same journeys to prove their heroism
as well. Theoretically, this reinforces the struc-
ture of the Umbra, making the impossible more
and more possible. Ifenough werewolves visit the
same realm over and over, they give it spiritual
strength, making it significant. Ifenough Galliards
retell tales of the realm again and again, this
further reinforces the realms they describe, so-
lidifying their "reality".

In this way, the spirit world reflects the ideals
and aspirations of the Garou. Battleground has
been shaped by the heroes who have recreated
great acts of historic courage, just as Scar and the
Atrocity Realm are expanded each day by human
horror. But when a hero attempts a great feat for
the first time — whether that's Joins-the-Mile-
High stepping sideways out of an airplane or
Klaital Stargazer descending into the Abyss —
anything can happen. Heroes, myths and legends
help shape the Umbra. Their acts resonate until
the end of time.

[Freed

geomid may just demand information ("...information,
information...") from any who pass by.

Structural Geomids erect and devise new areas
of the Web, sometimes with little logical purpose
behind them, Pattern Spiders attend them as servitors.
Packs of Garou make good, strong building material.

Long, Strange Tht

The Umbra is as limitless as imagination. Even the
Near Umbraisfartoo large to chart. Countless Galliards
and Umbral questers have tried to define its furthest
reaches, inventing new vocabularies to define the
impossible. Some terms predominate, but because the
Umbra continually spawns new short-lived realms,
new descriptions and ideas arise all the time.

Daowmalns

Domains are places in the Umbra sustained by
outside spiritual energy, often that of supernatural
creatures. The tribal homelands are the best example.
The spiritual strength of each tribe and its tribal totem
creates a realm where they can interact with the
reflections of great Garou heroes. Each one is a dream.
of a tribe's greatest ideals. The dreams and strength of
the various tribes "will" them into being. (Or maybe
the Legendary Realm lends dreams and strength to the
Garou. Who knows?)

For explorers who need to define and classify,
chimares, den-realms, lunae, and all the other realms
described in this section are also domains. Domains
that are maintained by the Wyrm, Weaver or Wyld
are called Triat domains. (Theurges who constantly
need to use such precise vocabularies are called
pretentious know-it-alls.) For visionaries who be-
lieve the Umbra is transcendent, it's better to just
experience these places first-hand, and worry about
finer distinctions later.

Tilat Dorwatar

Blights are realms reflecting either the most per-
verse and desecrated ideals of the Wyrm or the static
and dehumanizing agenda of the Weaver. Some form
in the Penumbra, shifting reality to favor the desires
of the spirits that control them. Others are clustered
around Hellholes or Webs (as described below).
Werewolves can destroy a Blight by healing a specific
environment on Earth, destroying a specific building
in Scar, or killing enough spirits in the blight to sap
and rechannel its energy. With powerful Blights, all
three tasks are commonly necessary, making the
cleansing of a Blight an ideal quest fora pack of young
Garou. Each Blight reclaimed is a victory against the
Wyrm or the Mad Weaver.

Umbra

repens perme

Glens are domains where the Wyld is supreme.
Their earthly reflections are places of great beauty,
while their Penumbral shadows are ideal for medita-
tion. Moon paths extending from Glens are usually
safe against the Wyrm's depredations. Many pro-
vide gates and airts leading to natural realms like
Pangaea and Wolfhome.

Hellholes are domains in thrall to the Wyrm,
desolate areas thoroughly corrupted by pollutants.
Some spew balefire into the Penumbra, or glow with
sickly radioactivity or disease. Their very presence
may limit a Garou's use of Gnosis or Gifts, but they
also bestow Rage (generally 1-3 points) upon any
werewolf who sees them for the first time. Their very
presence is an insult, a blasphemy against the Earth
Mother, for they are pits that draw energy from the
depths of the Malfean realms. Banes rejoice and
breed there. Even the very act of entering one can
grievously wound a Garou; in game terms, hazards
such as radiation and balefire are often present in
spirit form. Many Hellholes lead to Malfeas.

Webs are calcified in stasis by the Weaver, kept as
representations of cities or urban realms, showing what
they will look like once the Weaver's webs have
thoroughly suborned them. Many are Weaver "Blights":
They are found in the Penumbra and are shadows
corresponding to physical places on Earth. Webs are
sustained by oppression and conformity in their physi-
cal counterparts. The force of the Wyld is weakened
there. (In game terms, the difficulties for shifting forms
or Gifts dependent on the Wyld increase by 2.) It is
often possible to travel along the Pattern Web (de-
scribed above) from one of these locations, but then
again, such spirit paths are often used by the Weaver's
minions as well. Many Webs lead to the Near Realms
of Scar and the CyberRealm.

Justas Glens are found in the Penumbra, Wyldings
are found in both the Near and Deep Umbra. Wyld-
spirits and ephemera gather there as swirls, whirls,
clouds and other, more disturbing forms. The laws and
structures of such places may change on a whim. Some
Wyldings in the Near Umbra contain Anchorheads
leading to the Deep Umbra, yet may also leak raw
chaos and madness into their domain. Garou have
gone mad from entering them (slowly losing their
Willpower, Gnosis, and sanity). Some believe Wyldings
draw their strength from a Near Realm called the Flux
Realm. Many Wyldings have gates to Flux, but then
again, Flux leads to a lot of odd places.

her Domains
Chimares are individual dream domains. Some

Theurges believe that every sleeping person has a
private domain where his dreams take place. If this is

pies

a APL PEEL

true, then werewolves and Wyrm-spirits alike can
enter and affect these dreams, twisting them in subtle
ways. On the rare occasions when Chimares are en-
countered, mists surround the shadowy Penumbral
outline of the sleeping person. Such domains have
their own hazards, including spirits called Phragments
and Dream Banes. Some mages and vampires of legend
are said to have had extremely potent Chimares. No
matter who the creator is, when the dreamer awakens,
all inside the domain are cast into the Dream Zone or
some sub-realm outside the Penumbra. All Chimares
connect to the Dream Zone (detailed below).

Den-realms are domains in the Penumbra cre-
ated by the Bastet, the shapeshifting werecats. By
stalking through a den-realm, the cat prevents Webs
and Blights from forming in that area of the Penum-
bra. Even other Fera (that is, other shapechangers)
have trouble entering such realms, although it's said
that Ratkin may be able to create boltholes into them
(a matter of much debate). Bastet may challenge any
Garou who stalks through the physical territory sur-
rounding a den-realm. Other Fera are rumored to be
able to build their own versions of den-realms, nota-
bly the Ananasi.

Lunae form where moon paths cross, or gather
near a spot where moon bridges pass regularly. The
Celestine Luna bestows her spiritual imminence upon
the area. Her spiritual servitors, the Lunes, congregate
there. A fortunate pack that finds one may rest and
meditate there in relative safety in the midst of a
hazardous journey. Packs who dedicate themselves to
the Incarna Phoebe, adopting her as their pack totem,
may gain Gifts that may be used there. One of Phoebe's
rituals allows packs of her children to travel from a
lunae to the moon itself.

Giphs

Epiphs are realms of pure thought, often de-
voted to a single idea. Those who have never expe-
rienced them cannot fully understand them. An
Epiph may be dedicated to as simple a concept as the
color blue, the smell of ozone, or the number 4.
More elaborate ones posit alternative histories, cel-
ebrations of alternate identities, or schemes and
dilemmas worthy of the Twilight Zone. Prolonged
exposure breeds insanity. An unwary traveler in the
Deep Umbra can find entering an Epiph all too easy.
Leaving is far more difficult.

Mtos- Reals

Mini-realms are more extensive than domains. No
one knows where the spiritual power used to sustain a
mini-realm originates. Some are found by botched
attempts with moon bridges, or by ambitious spirits

Chapter One: Cosmology 25

EN

ee


a SA

who wish to trap Garou and feast off their Gnosis. the hapless victim meets with the words "To Be
Packs sometimes categorize realms and domains they _ Continued." Most werewolves find the existence of
don't understand as mini-realms. this sub-realm a sick joke, proof thar humanity has
As an example, one of the most infamous mini- _ indeed fallen far from grace if these are the finest
realms is "the Beast," a vast expanse thatresemblesthe concepts they can find to venerate.
back of a gigantic furred mammal. Before the Beast, Zonet
werewolves are little more than fleas. Gigantic tufts of
fur rise hundreds of miles into the air. All attempts to Zones are an inherent part of the Umbra, but they
see the beast in its entirety fail. Banes in strange and have aspects that cannot be neatly defined. They have
terrible insectile forms feast off the Beast, sucking strong connections with the rest of the Tellurian.
blood and Gnosis from its hulk. They attack Garou Damaging one causes major repercussions throughout
with renewed vigor, unless their quarry can burrow the Tellurian, and may even attract the attention of
into the skin and live like vermin. Sometimes the _ Celestines. Most are believed to be part of the Deep
Beast shifts form, catapulting passengers off its back
into the Umbra. Afterwards, Bone Gnawers in par-

ticular eithershow a much greater respect for their own Near Reabias ard the Porizon
skin parasites or a renewed interest in hygiene. A few traditional mages and sorcerers de-
JSih-Redlot scribe the Membrane as the Horizon, the very

limits of human possibility; Glass Walkers often
use the same term. According to the lore of the
Uktena, sorcerers and witches afraid to confront
the problems of the physical world had a habit of
nesting in tiny little pocket realms that they
called "Horizon Realms." Very few shapeshifters
ever saw the inside of these sub-realms, as their
inhabitants tended to guard them jealously, Many
a Horizon Realm was crafted to be nothing more
than an elaborate hiding place, a custom-made
territory where the mages could do whateverthey
liked to whomever they brought with them with-
out having to deal with the various shadow wars
raging across the World of Darkness.

Unfortunately, in the World of Darkness,
nobody can hide forever.

The dawning of Anthelios has had many
effects on the Umbra, and the Horizon Realms
are no exception. Many have become so dispar-
ate from reality that the paths to them have
closed. Others have fallen more violently. Re-
cent rumors (among those shapeshifters who
care about such things, such as the occasional
curious Corax or Nuwisha) paint numerous tales
of Horizon Realms falling to internecine wars,
invasions of hostile spirits or beasts, or even the
direct intercession of Incarnae. One particu-
larly vivid tale claims that Rorg, the Planetary
Incarna of the asteroid belt, decided to use one
of these realms as "target practice" for some
strike yet to come, and hurled a vast clawful of
Umbral asteroids through the would-be Eden.
The story seems exaggerated, even implausible
— but those who've met the Many-Taloned
Hunter himself find it a little harder to doubt.

Sub-realms are reflections of Near Realms or
Zones. Some exist between the Penumbra and Near
Realms, becoming stable enough to be visited repeat-
edly. They have enough spiritual energy to maintain
themselves, at least until they are eventually de-
stroyed by the encroaching power of the Wyrm,
Weaver, or Wyld. A few are caught and redefined in
that very transition. Several "exist" between two
Near Realms, perhaps caught in a space where they
"overlap." A sub-realm usually obeys at least some of
the same laws as its parent realm.

As an example, there is a realm found between
Pangaea and the Penumbra known as the Land of the
Dinosaurs. Mokolé lizard kings stalk the Earth in their
Crinos forms, reveling ina freedom they can never find
in the physical world. Exotic creatures from the dawn
of time thrive there, including some that have long
been extinct. Garou Ahroun, particularly Fenrir, Red
Talons and Uktena, hunt there to show their prowess.
In this land, as in Pangaea, werewolves regenerate
faster, regain Gnosis faster, and shift forms easier. On
the other hand, while the spirits of Pangaea are gov-
ered solely by the phases of the moon, the Lizard
Kings rule this realm. All pay them tribute, include
small tribes of humans who have established primitive
religions to venerate their dinosaur gods.

Bone Gnawers and Ratkin make pilgrimages to
the Television Realm, asub-realm of the CyberRealm.
Some say it is adjacent to an Epiph as well. Here, the
spirits of all of mankind's television shows are kept
alive by nostalgia and memory. An Umbral traveler
can easily find himself in one of his favorite TV
shows. Many of the laws of the CyberRealm apply,
but so does the "logic" of television. There is always
achance to escape at the end of each program, unless

26 Umbra

ne eee


|

Umbra, yet some Garou have encountered them with-
out passing through Anchorheads. Zones are described
more thoroughly in Chapter Two.

Four Zones recur in Garou epics. The Mirror Zone
contains other reflections of Earth, sometimes trap-
ping Garou returning through the Gauntlet. A pack
may spend weeks in a Mirror Zone before they notice
the subtle differences that demonstrate they never
actually returned home at all.

The Null Zone is like a second Gauntlet, a "back-
drop" to reality, the space behind the Umbra. It acts
much like the area backstage to a play. Time doesn't
pass there unless a Garou is witnessing its events.
Space has no meaning in Null-Z; it is a shortcut to
everywhere, but also leads nowhere. Its walls are bare
and blank, waiting to steal meaning from those who
view them.

The Dream Zone is composed of the dreams of
humans and Garou alike. In theory, Chimares are
outgrowths of the Dream Zone itself.

Temporal Zonet

There are also tales describing Temporal Zones as
well, bur all such stories end in tragedy. Some speak of
Garou, and other supernatural creatures, attempting
to travel back in time, yet none speak of pleasant
results, As an example, Shadow Lords tell the tale of a
sect of vampires that developed a method of traveling
back in time through limited access to Temporal Zones
— until one tried to travel back and time and usurp

Werewolf: The byfd Wath

Another popular example of a Temporal Sub-
Realm is the Wild Wyld West, a thorough and
authentic replica of the American West. Visitors
may enter with the intent of playing "Cowboys
and Injuns," but often unearth old rivalries be-
tween tribes within the pack within a matter of
hours. Fianna proud of their ancestry may balk at
their ancestors' savage attacks on the Pure Ones;
Wendigo might find evidence of so-called
"Wyrmcomers" who acted with surprising com-
passion and open-mindedness. Glass Walkers may
have a chance to ride the rails with Iron Riders,
Uktena may experience the Ghost Dance first-
hand, and Garou of all coats and claws may fight
shadowy echoes of the Storm Eater, a fierce Um-
bral maelstrom of unsurpassed fury. Garou may not
want to live in the Old West, but it makes fora hell
of an Umbral journey.

(In other words, if you bought the damn book,
you might as well use it again, right?)

a ne

ee

Chapter One: Cosmology

power from their bloodline's founder. They are all
gone now, and are remembered only hazily.

The only stable Temporal Zones are reflections of
places that once were. It is believed that such places
cannot actually change the past, but they can give
insights into things as they were. There is, forinstance,
a strong temporal zone reflecting the American West
of the late 19th century. The realm is powerful enough
that some have actually confused traveling to this zone
with traveling in time. A few are welcomed back into
Mirror Zones that convince them that they've actually
changed history. As if they've been hit with a "tempo-
ral paradox," they steadfastly deny that they've failed
in their attempt to change the past. Some are never
seen again.

Vitfat

Vistas are realms that travelers cannot physically
enter, but may still witness. These images and ideas
have been cast adrift in the Umbral flow. Encounter-
ing one is usually hazardous, and can alter a person's —
orshapeshifter's — perception of reality forever. Vistas
unfold before Umbral travelers, trapping them until
they complete their image. Some explain them as free-
floating pieces of dreams, ideas sprung from Gaia, or
reflections of past events trapped in the Deep Umbra.
A Garou might see the origin of the Umbra, a vision of
the world calcified in the Weaver's stasis, or even a
foreshadowing of his own death.

Placard of Usufrel Travef

Even the most secure spirit tracks cannot guaran-
tee that a journey to the depths of the Umbra will be
free of peril. Anyone who makes a quest into the spirit
world should be prepared for the worst, or at least for
some of the common problems. Of course, since the
spirit realm is capricious and vicious, the following
hazards are merely a representative sample — any
Storyteller worth her salt will surely alter, elaborate
upon or expand this list as the mood takes her.

© Umbral Winds: At times, Garou in the Umbra
feel as though they are breathing pure energy, fresh air
or even luminiferous ether. No matter what the me-
dium, the force of the Wyld can stir itintoa maelstrom,
or simply buoy the pack through the air to an unex-
pected destination. Garou can be blown off a trail,
carried on thermal currents to other areas of the spirit
world, or simply terrified by the fury of a storm. The
wind may do no real damage (even as the Storyteller
calls for soak rolls), seriously fatigue them, or actually
injure them. Imagine a scene in which the pack must
regenerate wounds from an umbral wind... right as it
drops them into a middle of a fight with hostile spirits.

7

mame


ee eens

Myth avd Dashing

The Umbra is. The Umbra was. The Umbra
will be. The spirit world does more than reflect the
past; it also helps shape the future. Because the
forces of myth and legend help shape the structure
of spirit realms, destiny can play a major role in an
Umbral journey. Galliards attest that if a hero
wanders into the Umbra to seek something, he'll
eventually find it. Any quest can be fulfilled, or at
least simulated and recreated. If a hero can attain
an impossible goal in the spirit world, he gains a
clearer revelation of how to recreate such tasks in
the "real world."

Bone Gnawers, for instance, have charged
into Scar over and over again to learn how to
"monkeywrench" the Weaver's schemes — in
recent times, they've been joined by representa-
tives of all other tribes, even the Glass Walkers.
They wouldn't do this if they didn't believe their
actions might actually tip the balance in wars
against the Weaver's minions if they succeed. The
outcome may very well affect their own destinies.
If the pack really believes this, their chances for
success improve.

In the same spirit, true heroes often witness
prophecies and revelations in the spirit world,
whether through vistas, evolving Near Realms, or
imaginary realms like the Mirror Zone. If a hero
goes looking for his fate, he'll find it. If he wit-
nesses a tragic fate, he'll have time to prepare to
face it. Not surprisingly, an increasing number of
Umbral questers claim to have seen visions of the
Apocalypse in their aislings. Jf enough Garou
come to believe one of these prophecies, the
events are destined to come true.

ee Se ee

¢ Lunaes and Lunes: Imagine the moon path a
pack is following intersects with another. Lunar spirits
drift in che air as luminescent balls of pure moonlight,
barring their way. How they behave may very well
telate to the current phase of the moon. They might
punish the pack for not acceding to Luna's whims,
spirit away "insulting" fetishes or silver until the pack
offers them chiminage (payment or a favor of some
kind), or simply lead the pack astray with cryptic and
alien activity. Forall her patronage, Luna is stil] a spirit
of mysteries, and her creations are no different.

© Weaver-spirits: Pattern webs may lead to al-
most anywhere; thus, Weaver-spirits can intercede
wherever they are needed. A Glass Walker who relies
a little too much on high tech might attract their
interest, or a Black Fury or Red Talon alive with Wyld

energy might irritate them. If the pack has stolen a
valuable fetish from a realm, Weaver minions may
scurry out to retrieve it before it gets used, bollixing up
a perfectly good bit of order.

© Vistas: A scene unfolds before the pack as they
travel along a spirit path (see the "Vista" description
above). It could foreshadow a future event in the
chronicle, offer them a (real or false) temptation to
lead them astray from their quest, or even reveal
secrets of an enemy of the Garou. A hero may face a
reminder from his past or a key to his destiny in the
spirit world.

¢ Allies or Rivals: The pack encounters Lunes, a
totem spirit attended by Jagglings, other species of
shapeshifters, or even another pack of Garou. The
newcomers may be initially friendly or neutral, but
they may soon reveal they're trying to trick the pack
out of something they need. Such an encounter may
test the werewolves' dedication, motivation or even
morality. Some shapechangers have fled to the Umbra
permanently, unable ro return to the realm of flesh.
Such creatures could very well be hostile, suborned, or
just insane.

¢ Banes: Wyrm-spirits have tainted a domain the
pack thought was still safe. Beauty and splendor have
been perverted and corrupted. Banes now breed there,
and attack. Perhaps one of the allies or rivals from the
previous example has become host toa Bane. Far from
the physical realm, overpowering scents (or stenches)
may make the use of the Sense Wyrm Gift impractical,

© Moon Shadows: A spirit path might end for no
discernible reason. A particular ability (Enigmas, Oc-
cult, Lore, or Cosmology, for instance) may be needed
to sense where it resumes, or how to repair it. A valiant
lupus may be tempted to jump across a rift or chasm.
Failure could spiral the pack down towards the Abyss.

© Temporal Victims: Travelers from a bygone age
appear on the spirit path. They may be shadows of a
previous age, refugees from the Mirror Zone, delu-
sional spirits in disguise — or the genuine article.

¢ Wyldlings: Chaos is unleashed! Weapons could
melt, or fetishes might get frozen, while psychedelic
spirits release intoxication, dementia, delusion or hal-
lucination. Reality shifts beyond the norm even for the
spirit world.

Liwhe of the Near Unbra

Some Umbral explorers speculate that there are
barriers between the three Penumbrae. They return
with tales of passing through it on their way to the
Digital Web, the astral plane, the Shadowlands, or
other rarefied destinations. Of course, there are no
signposts to such places. Theurges repeat that a hero in

28 Umbra

A

ee


the spirit world meets his destiny; thus, there is no
guarantee that a Garou on an aisling will follow the
same path. Such journeys have happéned enough
times, however, that such a theory seems to hold some
credibility.

Naffear Reale

The descent to the infernal realms is a long and
torturous one. The White Howlers found a quick-and-
dirty path into its depths, but sacrificed the destiny of
their entire tribe in the process. At the nadir lies
Malfeas, the realm of the Wyrm. Surrounding it are
other demonic, infernal and Malfean realms. Bold
heroes charge into these depths with dreams of utterly
annihilating the Wyrm's minions. They return with
nightmares, or not at all.

Silent Strider lore speculates that it is possible to
descend into the Shadowlands, the Low Umbral Pen-
umbra, by journeying through Malfeas. It is unlikely
that even the most puissant hero could kick enough ass
to pass by waves and waves of Wyrm spirits on his way
down there, unless the poor unfortunate was tricked
into wandering down too far. Some Garou on the path
towards corruption, or perhaps destined to walk the
Labyrinth of the Black Spiral, may be welcomed. Even
so, ifthe lost soul can't find a way into the Shadowlands
(possibly because none exists), he may need to make
Faustian deals to find his way back again.

Just as it is easier to "reach" the Middle Umbra in
the midst of a powerful caern, there are profane sites
that lead straight into Malfeas. Garou occultists often
refer to them as Hellholes (as we have already seen).
Black Spirals have claimed many of the most powerful,
yet it is rumored that some wraiths and ghosts have
established haunts of their own around some of these
entropic areas.

The Pattore Web

An another enigma concerns the phenomenon
called the Pattern Web. This spirit path can lead to
anywhere the Weaver is powerful. Some Glass Walk-
ershave described "climbing it" to reach such disparate
places as the Computer Web, cyberspace, astral space,
or even remote realms that mages can attain through
quiet meditation. More commonly, it is used to travel
two the CyberRealm. Glass Walker Theurges some-
times refer to it sort of "spiritual superhighway" for
Weaver spirits. As such, it is also posited as a "barrier"
or Gauntlet separating these realms, possibly even
acting as the boundary between the Near Umbra and
the Deep Umbra. Climbing the Pattern Web requires
the Web Walker Gift.

Jaored Sitet avd Profane Plight

Just as werewolves use caerns to draw energy from
the Near Umbra, other supernatural creatures have

Chapter One: Cosmology 29


|

—

Storytellers take note: The Umbra is defi-
nitely a realm where mood dominates over me-
chanics. Each Near Realm may have its own laws
and rules, but the spirit world should be vast and
complex, not limited by charts and tables. Strictly
defining everything can kill the spirit of the Um-
bra. To keep that spirit alive, we recommend that
you refer to your imagination instead of the rules
as often as you like. The realms beyond should be
places for wild imagination, so don't limit yourself
to dice, rules and mechanics. The solution to a
problem may come from a song, a story, wild
invention, emotional outbursts, or (gods forbid)
sheer roleplaying.

Once you've got a feeling for the mood of the
Umbra, you may very well surprise yourself. If any
of the rules of a realm get in the way, ignore them
orscrap them altogether. Make shit up. Improvise.
Run incircles. Howl. A firefight with Tec-9's in an
urban alleyway may have a lot of number crunch-
ing and dice chucking, but the wild and tempestu-
ous spirit world should not. If these experiments
work, then great; if they don't, don't sweat it —
creativity always involves risk. Besides, next week,
the characters may very well be back in the real
world anyway. Just remember: When you set aside
the rules, the players are investing you witha great
deal of trust. That also means they believe in you:
Jump off and fly.

similar sacred (or profane) sites. The Gauntlet may
be lower around these areas, but consequences and
competition may be severe. Expressly at the Story-
tellers option, a botched attempt to step sideways in
one of these areas may temporarily strand the pack in
another Penumbra.

Faeries use freeholds to gather the power of the
Wyld. It is rumored that a changeling will never age in
a freehold, but if he never leaves, he'll eventually go
insane. Some Fianna claim to have seen this happen
first-hand. Furthermore, it is said that the fae can
access realms beyond the Near Umbra through free-
holds, traveling into their own variety of Penumbra. A
few Fianna have set out on quests for this "homeland"
from which all fae allegedly hail, well suspecting that
the Arcadia Gateway is something else entirely. Not
surprisingly, the few who make it return with many
fantastic and contradictory stories.

a AA ee

Some Silent Striders have attempted to reach the
Shadowlands in a similar fashion at wraith haunts.
Stepping sideways in an area that's frequented by
ghosts has its own perils. Striders already run the risk
of attracting the attention of the Restless Dead when
they fail to pass through the Gauntlet successfully. The
danger is even greater in a haunt.

Once it was believed that mages could attain their
own "Horizon Realms" with greater ease at theirsacred
sites. There's enough bad blood between Garou and
mages to imperil any such investigation. For one thing,
mages often seek out Gnosis, and sites where the
Gauntlet is low seem to be particularly prized. Power-
ful mages have learned to drain it from werewolf
caerns, Vitiating them of their strength. If werewolves
are seen sniffing around a mage's pet fount of spirit
energy, the warlock may anticipate Garou retribution
and respond accordingly.

The Deep pba

Beyond the Near Umbra, the Deep Umbra con-
tains realms of wild impossibility. The physical
world has no parallels tésuch fantastic places; thus,
the depths of space are little more than an empty
void in the material world. In the world of spirit, the
Deep Umbra is like a foiling ocean, a turbulent
medium*of less accessible spititematter. Floating
within its dépths are fantasieS'and nightmares the
Earth simply,.cannotaécommodate,, What is true
today may not be.trué'tomorrow.

Venturing into the Déep Umbratentails the great-
est risks of all. Before @ pack can attainiit, they must
travel to the very limits of the Penumbra, which
correspond to the edges of Earth's atmosphere. Some
say it is the end of the realm of Gaia's influence. There
is another spiritual Gauntlet surrounding the Earth,
one far stronger than the ones separating the physical
world and the Penumbrae. This barrier is known as the
Membrane. Care tocheck it out? Fasten your seat belts,
and please extinguish all smoking passengers.

To attain the outer limits of the Penumbra, one
usually travels through the air. Lupus Garou sometimes
try to leap for the clouds, while Uktena see how far they
can push the Spirit of the Bird Gift. Bone Gnawers and
Ragabash do the same things in the Umbra with fire-
works, leaping off buildings, or just flapping their arms.
Servants of Falcon, Stormcrows and other avian spirits
may summon one of the Incarnae. Attended by hun-
dreds and hundreds of lesser Gafflings and Jagglings, the
great avian totem lifts the pack into the air. A clever
Garou may just pull himself up by his bootstraps. In
other words, to attain the impossible, the weird turn pro.
Dull or derivative attempts always fail.

Umbra

ae


Some Garou have found it possible to reach this
destination by running along the clouds. Uktena
Skywalkers have mastered this art, but other tribes and
camps have not been as lucky. There isa tale told of a
Glass Walker Ragabash named Joins-the-Mile-High.
The poor fool offered to lead his pack out the emergency
exitofan airplane at 20,000 feet. Unsurprisingly, noone
took him up on his offer. The valiant homid stepped
sideways just as he approached a mirror duct taped to the
door. Immediately surfing the clouds at 700 miles per
hour, he launched himselfatthe heavens, hitacloudbank
just right, and soared into the Deep Umbra. There isalso
a tale of an Uktena who attempted the same feat while
using the Spirit of the Bird Gift. He was never seen
again. The further a visionary strays from the path, it
would seem, the greater the chances of being lost
forever. The Umbra carries few absolutes, and no guar-
antees. Great heroes face great risks.

The Garou have established a few sacred sites in
the Aetherial Realm where one can pass into the Deep
Umbra; these are called Anchorheads. Elder Stargaz-
ers maintain many, but as their tribe has withdrawn
from the Garou Nation, they have become less willing
to allow heroes through them. Only Garou of great
renown have a chance of eliciting their aid.
Anchorheads appear in many forms, but most are vast
aerial domains.

A hero may need the Survivor Gift just to endure
such extreme conditions. Currents carry packs along
ephemeral corridors. Visionaries deduce enigmas to
enter great castles in the air. Hypergeometric figures
rotate to the music of the spheres. Or sometimes, a less
mundane event occurs. Regardless of how the
Anchorhead is attained, the pack then performs the
Rite of Becoming and soars into the Deep Umbra,
becoming one with the universe.

The Dark Umbra

Werewolves are Cfgatures of spirit — but more
spirits of the Near Umbra, even more of the Deep
Umbra than of the Dark Umbra. The Dark Umbra's
fies with the "living" Wmbrae are far more tenuous;

this i§ the realm of mortality,

When a werewolf usesia rite to step into the Dark
Umbra, he arrives in the Ur rld's version of the
Penumbra — called by some.
there, attaiveler can walk

the Penumbra, or voyage. into the
proper, At least, that's how it used to be...

Most of the Dark Umbra is comparable to a vast,
dark sea, upon which float various islands that host

ial

ae

Chapter One: Cosmology

kingdoms of the ghosts of various cultures. Once a
traveler leaves the Shadowlands, he must have some
way of navigating this sea if he's to reach Stygia, the
Duat, Swar, the Dark Kingdom of Jade or any of a
hundred different ghost kingdoms. As inhospitable as
the sea is, this is no easy feat; malevolent ghosts are
prone to attack werewolves, particularly since the
spirit energies of the "living" Near Umbra tend to
stand out in the grim Underworld. A werewolf's over-
abundance of life energy is like a beacon in the Dark
Umbra, a beacon that draws hungry ghosts.

As problematic as this situation may be, the cur-
rent problems facing Dark Umbral travelers are even
worse. Since 1999, the Dark Umbra has proven even
more inhospitable to werewolves. A mighty storm, so
huge it rages across the entire realm, has battered the
Dark Umbra with no signs of relenting. Powerful
winds, spectral hail and ghostly lightning lash any
unprotected travelers almost to ribbons. Although the
storm winds seem to be most devastating to the ghosts
of the Dark Umbra, beings of the Near Umbra such as
shapeshifters still take five to ten dice of lethal damage
per turn of exposure to the worst of the storm. Some-
timesacalm patch passes over the area, anda gap in the
swirling clouds reveals the dull red glow of Anthelios
— then the storm resumes.

Most Theurges lay this storm at the feet of the Red
Star, claiming that Anthelios' presence is what set this
maelstrom in motion. One theory runs that as the Eye
of the Wyrm began to open, its gaze fell on the Dark
Umbra first, stirring up these incredible storms. If so,
some wonder, what happens when Anthelios' gaze falls
on the Near Umbra?

The Sbahowspanat

Earth casts a shadow into the Dark Umbra just as
it does into the Near Umbra — but the Dark Penum-
bra, as some shapeshifters call it, is a much more
sinister place. The spirits of Gaia and the Triat don't
come here — this is the exclusive domain of the ghosts
of the dead.

Before the great maelstrom, the Shadowlands were
an eerily still place. Here things appeared much as they
did in the physical world; buildings cast reflections
regardless of age, as did some trees. A slight sense of
death fell over the whole landscape, though; sidewalks
appeared more cracked than usual, vegetation seemed
withered, and so on. The landscape was monochro-
matic, ranging from pale grays to deep, rich blacks. The
only speck of color has arrived recently: a small red star
— Anthelios — burning sullenly in the sky.

However, like the rest of the Dark Umbra, the
Shadowlands have been wracked with great tempests

1

ame


ee AA

since [999. A werewolf who enters the Dark Umbra
may well be torn from her feet or savagely wounded
before she has much of a chance to get her bearings.
Some places, fortified by wraiths, hold fast against the
raging maelstrom — but these tend to be the
Shadowlands reflections of cities, where there are
sufficient materials to form barricades and hands to do
so. Entering the Dark Umbra in the wilderness is a
dangerous business; some places, like the eyes of hur-
ricanes, remain calm, but far too many more are swept
by the furious storm winds.

These days, only a few werewolves dare to travel
into the Dark Umbra, and most of those swear off the
attempts if they survive their first jaunt. The
werewolves most interested in the human dead —
notably the Striders and the Ivory Priesthood — have
other things to worry about, at any rate. Since the
beginning of the great maelstrom, many ghosts have
found their way across the barrier between the physi-
cal world and the Dark Umbra, settling into their
former bodies. Putting these "walking dead" to rest is
a difficult task, but one that the Striders and Ivory
Priests would be hard pressed to ignore.

Aula bo the pobra

How werewolves should conduct their crusades
into the spirit world is a matter of much debate. If a
Garou wants to find out more about the Umbra, the
elders of his sept, camp and tribe are all willing to
instruct him. Each auspice also sees the spirit world
differently, each seeking its own truth. Perhaps they
should tell you more themselves...

true, because it offers you the char
meak every convention, and escape
the realm of flesh. Some of those
re pretty damn bleak, so it's also your dut
s spirits up.
al the secrets the Umbra keeps hidden
through your sense of humor, and
The muscle-bound Ahroun
flesh, but there's more stuff on

let any barrier — whether it's a
Weaver's web — keep you awa

it, emotion, or
e object of your

quest. And bring me back. rr, will ya?"
Theurget to the
Sense-the- ktena Theurge, confides:

le — no matter what your purpose
is the realm of spirit, your pack will

o not dissuade them of this illusion,
else, they need your courage and
will require your trust in Gaia. To
e trust in yourself.

"Tf y deemed you worthy, you will be
taughthow the spirits as well. If Gaia gifts you
with this kni iS-your responsibility to interpretand
analyze the e ephemera. Always look for
spirits who can bargain well. Remember before
you bargain rash totem-spirit is also there to
guide and advise yi s Lally. When the

journey is over, your last to see that your

pack remembers the lessons it
Ulodox bo the Umbra
Mam'selle Guillotine, Shadow Lord historian,
pontificates:
"The spirit world is a realm of mystery and enigmas,
existing outside the laws of the real world. It is our duty to
remember to respect laws

the most extreme or bizarre

Ise that your actions in the spirit

s in the real world. Too many
elves to reckless enthusiasm,
responsibilities of the real world

can't affect the future. Your
t challenges in this realm.

you must bargain and
eet. As any Theurge will
be strange, but you


Gdbbarst to the Upnbrg,

Echoes-of-the-Pasty'Silent Strider Galliard, en-
lightens:

"Youshave but one duty, my child, above all others:
remember. The ancient ways.and anctent truths are in the
Umbra. Legend and myth live on. Heroism and destiny are
revealed in their true forms. Allwe have last may be found
there; all we might become may be revealed there. Your
pack¢uill no doubt prove themselves worthy of renown and
glory, soit is You Who must return this knowledge to the
world. By telling the tales of the spirit world, we keep it
alive, Shapeit and give it strength. All this depends on your
sacred duty, your obligation to remember the tale and
survive to tell it."

Abroun to the Usbra
Zero Tolerance, Get of Fenris Modi, sternly ¢autions:

"Ahroun are spirit warriors in the Umbra, just as they
are in the physical realm. Justas you must use the gifts of

ns ARLE PE SN Nr meme

the spirit world to fighsyoutF mortal foes pyou must use your
body's might tosits full when walking theWWmbra. An
Ahroun is nétcomplete unless both halves strive as one. We
are Gaia's teeth and claws, her force of vengeance. The
most dangerous foes you will ever face, the greatest chal-
lenges you will ever endure wait beyond the Gauntlet. Joy,
terror or a sense of wonder may overwhelm your pack, but
itis your responsibility to see that they survive it. You must
protect them, even when they are gawking about like fools.

"You must show your strength so that none will
challenge you. This does not mean that you must kill
everything you confront, for the spirit world contains
forces farbeyond our strength, and allies that masquefade
as foes. Rather, you must know when to fight as.avell as
how to fight. Bear your decisions with coutage, but
tempér them with wisdom, All quests camyione undeni-
able imperative: Someone must retum to tell the tale.
Along the way, you will have your opportimity to prove
yourself a true hero. Wait for it."

Chapter One: Cosmology 33

|


Before heaven and earth had taken form all was vague
and amorphous. Therefore it was called the Great Begin-
ning. The Great Beginning produced emptiness and emp-
tiness produced the universe.

— Huai-nan Tzu

The Near Umbra is more than the sum of its parts.
Taken in turn, each of the various realms and sub-
realms within the Near Umbra might seem to reflect
only a part of the overall experiences of shapeshifters,
humanity and the spirit world. And that's true; each
realm is only a fragment of existence, blown up and
elaborated upon in such a manner that it is steeped in
symbolism. The Battleground Realm is more than just
"fighting in the Umbra" — it'sa realm that visitors can
go to in order to learn more about war, about why
people fight or how best to overcome an opponent.

Bucat the same time, the Umbra is a place of near-
limitless possibility, and none of its realms are the "last

Chapter Two: The Realms

word" on what they represent. Spirits go to war in
realms other than the Battleground. Oblivion creeps
into the cracks in places other than the Abyss. Al-
though the following Near Realms, subrealms and
Zones are the most familiar to the Garou, remember
that they aren't necessarily the only realms in the Near
Umbra. Storytellers should feel entitled to create new
subrealms, Near Realms or whatever they like in the
interests of expanding the Umbra. This book can only
outline the basics of what a pack might find — the
Umbra itself would filla continent piled with libraries.
It's a big, big place, after all.

i an a rr rn

ggearermeneyeer eens

The Umbra contains many realms of nightmare.
Within its borders are places of endless battle and
carnage, nests of monstrous Banes, and realms devoted
to the twisted perversions of the Maeljin Incarna. Yet,
for all these places' horror, few are held in as much
dread as the silence ang

Umbra. This pit is so deepane
bottomless and without'én
that fall or are hurled into
presumably to fall foreve:
fallen into the Abyss bi
Countless paths
werewolf tribes clain
ground will, if follo
elers to the Abyss.
chasm, surrounded by 26]
and rock and shrouded
Innumerable trib i
into all directo

travelers leave the moon f
might well end up by the'sid

As one scales the side:
to descend, the travele
frightful visages and ta
cliff face itself. Garg
depict great heroes and
were hurled) into thi
Some Garou believe these
monsters waiting to be ui
lypse. In truth, no one knows precisely what these
carvings are intended to represent.

Werewolves harbor countless legends concern-
ing the Abyss. For example, the Bone Gnawers whis-
per that the Abyss harbors the eldest vampires, who
will rise from its depths to drink the world dry on the
night of Apocalypse. The Get of Fenris have a similar
legend, but they believe that hordes of loathsome
Wyrmspawn will rise from this "Maw of Jormungandr."
The Stargazers see the Abyss as the greatest of para-
doxes, an embodied spiritual koan. Only Klaital,
greatest of the tribe, was able to descend fully into the

T days who fell (or
re now lost forever.
ges are actually frightful

Abyss and return from within. The Silent Striders
whisper that, should the greatest of Garou heroes
sacrifice himself by voluntarily hurling himself into
realm will close in on itself,
ime. Of course, the Striders
Bite several heroes' attempts,

and gaping.
g only shapeshifters to know
ig to the Bastet, the Abyss
the first den-realm came into
ince been overtaken by the
into its current form. The
ss asthe anathema of Mnesis, the
at has been forever lost from
ories. Needless to say, they
asi tell tales of a bloated
a e depths of

her she succeeds, say
jocalypse will be upon the
the Abyss as the Shadow
ks the spot where the Wyrm
d injected it with poison.
simply do not speak of the
urney there.
is best understood as the mani-
known. Travelers to the Abyss must
of the unknown, as well as the

prone to existential brood-
aps particularly vulnerable

e silent, deadly i e of this realm.

Geography

Essentially, the Abyss isd great rift in the Umbra. Its
sides are as scalable as any other Umbral rock; doing so,
however, is a perilous endeavor. Powerful gusts of wind
whip through the Abyss, and travelers seeking to scale
the cliffs must make frequent Dexterity rolls or lose their
grip and plummet into the depths, lost forever.

The Abyss devours light, sound, even scent. Ulti-
mately, if one travels far enough into the Abyss, one
experiences complete sensory deprivation. At this
point, one eventually becomes lost forever.

Three paths lead down into the Abyss, and ulti-
mately to the deep caves where nearly anything and
everything lost can be found. Each is lined with a
particular type of mineral, for which the path isnamed.

36 Umbra

/ a

ae pie a ne 7


benemcanra Ee

£5 ASE OD an OEE a XN

The Gofjen Vath

The Golden Path is so named because it is lined
with nodes of purest gold. Travelers can indeed
remove some of this gold from the path, though so
doing invokes a potent curse (see Laws of the Realm,
hereafter). Riches lie scattered heedlessly along this
path. Unfortunately, so do the remains of prior
travelers; the Golden Path is exceedingly precarious
(difficulty rolls to traverse obstacles are made at
+2). The path is fraught with fissures, sheer drops,
f all the Abyssal paths, the

a deed worthy of
though, is rel:

claim that the great
through and out of
totemic carvings lie alo
from the path is said to
forging klaives. The Silver
and treacherous than thy
own way — otherwisé
However, no two Thi
of the Silver Path'sé

ope the Vird

farly Corax, have been
Abyss. Beings who do
so ultimately suffer the effects of sensory deprivation
(see "Laws of the Realm" for specifics). As travelers
descend farther and farther into the lightless, silent
void, they must make Willpower rolls (difficulty of 10
minus their own Rage) to avoid maddening terror. If
a shapeshifter succumbs, she begins to hallucinate,
filling her brain with imaginary sights, scents and
sounds in place of the absolute nothingness of the
realm. At this point, the character is considered
hopelessly lost, another victim of the Abyss.

ss ag a es ace a

ee

Alege Dauchers

Few permanent dwellers reside in this lonely land.
Spirits seeking to come here must materialize to enter
the realm, falling out of touch with the rest of the
Umbraas they doso. Significantly, neither the Weaver
nor the Wyld is strong here; the signature charms of
Break and Solidify Reality do not function in the
realm, and thus most spirits of Weaver and Wyld
assiduously ayoid th®A byss whenever possible.
__Ironigalll y, though, ithe Abyss acts as a sort of

"magnet" ot beacon. Most spirits, fearing this
pplace a wide berth, but beings of power

who attempt to summon or cajole spirits while in the
Abyss find their task notably easy.

" Shapeshifters believe that the Abyss is the ulti-

(Hines destinsHoniorall Jost things. Lost cubs, stranded

Umbra! travelets, and forgotten spirits can occasion-

"ally besfound Wandeting this gloomy realm. Such

beirigs are often mad and will sometimes attempt to
gOerce travelers into helping them escape the realm.

T creatures visit the Abyss from time to time.
occasionally hold moots of
"believe that the prox-
sts most other spirits from
Very occasionally, one or more
monstrous Wyrm-beasts slither up from the void to
haune the nearby moon! paths.

x" Uf and terrifying inhabitant of
undoubtedly the great Shadow Lord
Formerly a Garou hero and member of
of Nidhogg, Nightmaster traveled into the
yss long ago with his pack, seeking to learn the
et by which he could devour the sun itself. As the
pack journeyed into the Abyss, though, they went mad
one by one. Nightmaster was forced to put them down
in order to continue on. Finally, the legends state,
Nightmaster stood alone in'the lightless void.

As the stories go, Nightmaster made a pact with
the Abyss itself, becoming its slave, or perhaps its
master. In so doing, he sacrificed his soul to the dark,
allowing it to destroy everything of his being that was
once weak or natural. Thereupon, Nightmaster strode
with impunity through the Abyss, freeing such crea-
turesas suited his whim and pressing them into service.
Now he reigns supreme in the Abyss, a fitting ruler for
this gloomy realm.

Now that Anthelios has made its presence felt in
the Umbral sky, a few desperate werewolves have
sought out Nightmaster. In the rogue Shadow Lord,

Chapter Two: The Realms 37

manne

ss |
|


these Garou seek to find an ally willing to do battle
with the demon sun — perhaps to swallow it from
existence entirely. Nopack that has sought Nightmaster
in this manner has returned.

The thee of the Tagged Maw

The Hive of the Jagged Maw is a group of Black
Spiral Dancers that has chosen to dwell permanently in
the Abyss. This hive is devoted to worship of Eater-of-
Souls, one of the Wyrm's incarnations. The hive, led by
its priestess Grythyg, believes that the Abyss is itself the
mouth of Eater-of-Souls. Its members remain by the
great pit, even enacting horrific rites in preparation for
the Apocalypse, when they believe the Wyrm-monster
will rise from the ground to devour
the world.

The Hive of the
Jagged Maw frenaziedly
i' seeks to keep the Abyss

"pure." Above all, this
means keeping shapeshifters

devoted to Gaia from sullying
the region. The hive can be cun-
ning, pretending to be a pack of lost
Gaian werewolves and then ambush-
ing Garou who attempt to help them.

They relish captur-
ing werewolves or other
hapless shapeshifters, torturing
them nigh to death, and then hurling
them alive into the Abyss.

The hive hates Nightmaster with great passion,
but as the Shadow Lord's forces are far mightier than
the hive, Grythyg does little about it for now. Indeed,
hive members occasionally aid in Nightmaster's lesser
schemes at the request of the monster, ever probing for
a weakness in Nightmaster's guard. To date, they have
found none.

sid

44

The Last Legion

Recently, a few reports from Umbral travelers have
made mention of strange phantasmal figures seen near
the Abyss. These figures bear the chill of the Low Umbra,
and they appear to be spirits of the human dead. They
come in many shapes, but all bear weapons, cuirasses and
hauberks of black iron. They move in precise military
formation and are soldierly in bearing; certainly, they
seem to handle their swords, pikes, guns and other
accouterments with an ease born of familiarity.

This forbidding sqliadron is the Lost Legion, sol-
diers formerly in servicetothe Lords of the Dead. During,

a great spirit-storm that sweptiover the Déath-Realms,
these hapless ghosts were blasted farfrom theirpostsand = ™

ultimately ended up in the Abyss. Try as they might,
they were unable to finda way back to their normal
haunts, so the rag-tag retinants of the various legions of
the Dead consolidated into one hodge-podge military
unit. They have erectédan encampment along the fron
Path, and they patrol itastheirde facto home. Asyet, the
Legion is uncertain what to make of theirnew surround-
ings, but tend to be suspicious of travelers. The Legion
knows of Nightmaster, but is uncertain of his exact
nature or powers.

Sotry awd Gif

Entering the realm itself is not overly difficult, As
mentioned previously, many paths lead to the realm,
though travelers commonly do not keow they are
entering the Abyss until they actually arrive atthe:
realm. Furthermore, a Garou who gets lost in the
Umbra (perhaps blown off almoon path by a Mael-
strom or other freak incident) might well wander into
the realm through sheer happenstance.

Exiting the realm/is more difficult. Al Creature
seeking to walk out of the realm must walk alongside one
of the Abyss's tributaty cracks forseveral days, then must
make either a Ragé or Willpower roll (difficulty 8).
However, to attempt this roll, the creature must be ina
sane frame of mind, suffering from neither derangement
nor Harano; creatures in either of those conditions may
not leave the realm until they are cured.

Sjory Paulliblar

* Garou may enter the Abyss as part of a quest to
retrieve something that has been lost: a cub, a fetish,
even a spirit or totem. The more important the lost

INN

werewolves draw nearer to the Abyss proper and must
overcome the laws of the realm.

© Now that Anthelios has appeared in the Umbral
sky, a few desperate Garou have considered contacting
Nightmaster, in an attempt to persuade the monstrous
Shadow Lord to devour the Demon Sun itself. No
Garou who has gone to entreat Nightmaster has thus
far returned. The pack might attempt their predeces-
sors' quest, or mightsimply be content to attempt the
rescue of thos who went before.

{ Anything withoutthe ability to fly that falls into
Abyss is forever lost.
© The Abyss acts as a natural magnet for spirits,
thus amplifying the power of summonings performed
in the realm. Any Gatou performing a Rite of Sum-
Moning in the realm has her dice pool doubled.

# A)Garou staring into the Abyss must make a
Willpower roll (difficulty of 12 minus the character's
Giiosis) to team her gaze away. If she fails, she must
make a frenzy check. If she scores three or more
successes on the frenzy rollyshe@titersiafox frenzy and
flees the area at top speed. If she has lost all of her
Willpower, she tries to leap into the Abyss.

® The Abyss can cause Harano. Upon entering
the realm for the first time, a Garou must make a
Willpower, rolli(@ifficulty 6) or enter Harano.

* Exploration of the Abyss can be enlightening

and revelatory. The Storyteller might gift explorers
"with extra experience points that can be used only to

purchase the | Enigmas Knowledge, appropriate Gifts,
or Gnosis. However, the Abyss is treacherous; scaling
the walls requires a Series of extended Strength +
Athletics climbing rolls (difficulty variable depending
onthe precise terrain).

© No actions involving the expenditure of Gnosis
points work in the Abyss.

¢ Anything lost in the Umbra (and not found by
another creature) eventually arrives in the Abyss,
through some inexplicable phenomenon. Garou who
are aware of this may search the Abyss in an attempt to
find a particular lost item. The difficulty is determined
by the Storyteller, depending on the size and
concealability of the item. The number of successes
needed depends on the location searched, as follows:

|

article, the more likely it is to be deep in the heart of Location Successes Needed
the caves; the pack will have to venture down one of Surface 6
the Paths into the dangerous section of the realm. Golden Path 5

* A werewolf or pack may seek to hurlablasphe- _ Silver Path 4
mous fetish, enemy or Bane into the maw of the Abyss, —_ Iron Path 3
hopefully to be lost forever. Transporting the hostile Deep Caves 2
object or captive is sure to become more difficult as the

Chapter Two: The Realms 39

re

ONY


AZ

© Difficulties of all Perception rolls increase by
one for every 300 feet down into the Abyss a charac-
ter travels.

* Allsight Perception rolls made in the Abyss use

the following chart:

Moon Phase Difficulty
Daylight/New/Crescent 10
Half 8
Gibbous 6
Full 4

When difficulties for sight Perception rolls increase
over 10, the character enters the Abyss's sensory depri-
vation zones. Once this occurs, the character rolls
Perception + Primal-Urge (difficulty 8). Failure has no
effect, while success induces hallucinations. The more
successes the character scores, the greater the hallucina-
tions' intensity. Ifthe successes rolled exceed the Garou's
Willpower, she fully succumbs to the hallucinations,
believing them real. The Heightened Senses Gift re-
duces the difficulty of the Perception + Primal-Urge
roll, making it easier for such Garou to hallucinate.
Hallucinations typically, though not always, involve

persons, places and events from the Garou's past; some
hallucinations, though, are inexplicable.

* All Intimidation rolls, as well as Gifts using
Intimidation (such as True Fear), gain two automatic
successes when used in the Abyss.

© Nomoon bridges may penetrate the Abyss Realm.
This includes bridges created by the Bridge Walker Gift.

 Acharacter that collects gemsand gold from the
Golden Path may collect sufficient amounts to bestow
upon herself Resources 5. However, thereafter she will
be dogged by the Curse of the Abyss. Forever after, she
will have a propensity to mysteriously lose things,
particularly things of importance to her. These losses
caneven include such things as love, control, or sanity.
Additionally, the character's difficulty toregain Gnosis
forever becomes 10, regardless of circumstances.

© The Sense Wyrm Gift will detect the entire
Abyss as being "of the Wyrm."

© Some of the gems along the Abyss's walls are
fetishes called Hearts of Midnight (see the Appen-
dix). They must be attuned to the user to remove
them from the Umbra.


Every shapeshifter looks to the ‘skies. aie
werewolves follow their great patroness si
many other shapeshifters do; some lwerebeasts Taise
their eyes to the sky to venerate Heli:
the werecreatures who care nothing f "sunjormoon
glance nervously upward in the Umbra, noting
glow of the ominous Red Star. Wise seers know'
there's magic in the heavens — and this
comes manifest in the Aetherial Realmg

The Aetherial Realm is, for want ofa)
the Umbral sky. It is a place where
spin around one another, where the spiri
tives of the various planets move in @
dance, where the constellations pulse with t ower
of legendary heroes. Umbral travelers come hei
learn from the wisdom of the heavens — or to try to,
find a way to learn the true nature of Anthelios and
counteract its effects.

Geography

The Aetherial Realm is laid out much like the
vault of the sky; the lowest point still considered part
of the realm is a layer of shifting clouds, solid on top
and easily navigable. These clouds shift and billow in
immense mountains and wide plains, a "landscape" all
their own. The spirits of birds and other flying beasts
soar above the clouds and claim aeries in some of the
mountains. Any type of aerial spirit, be they elementals,
weather-spirits or the spirits of flying mythical beasts,
can be found somewhere within the realm. The occa-
sional tower or other structure dots the cloud layer as
well, testament to those who haye come before.

Above the cloud apne in all

from the bla ne oF a
hangs int ‘she appears inthe
physical , lelios resides in the OpE halfiof
the sky, as if
viewed! more distant planet such as Wage ach

ts is brighter and more visible, and the stars

y
ing toward one of the celestial cbiecafn the
takes time; days, even weeks Even so,
to make the jou to the moon,
e. Of course,

they don't make™ allenged; Lunes

ne ae.

Chapter Two: The Realms

SN Nn es

ath to the Aetherial moon, ensuring that
't disturbed lightly. If the travelers
demands to turn back, the Lunes try

guate
the

< _ « the Lunes, visitors arrive at the realm of
the lunar Inéarna. The realm usually appears as a vast
~ gatdefy The | soil brightly shining moonsilver and the
vegetation Soft and luminous. The Incarna's throne
lies in the center of the garden, where she grants
@idien@ to those wise and perseverant enough to
teach het. Many Garou undertake this journey to
request Pathstones (in order to link their caern with
another viamoon bridge), or even to ask formoonsilver.

The Siw ir

Although the Aetherlallsky i is generally dark, that
changes as one growss nearer to.the Umbral sun. The
closer one comes tolHelios, thie brighter and hotter the
air gets. Fire a aroufid the Aetherial

ce,
health levels of aggravated damage
soak (unsoakable for tho 0 can't rake daige,
of course). Some Gifs Sh 8 Luna's Armor and
Master of Fire, may aid i ing the gauntlet at the
Storyteller's choice; onl ift: Kiss of Helios auto-

matically negates all damiag

Beyond the gauntlet lies the domain of the sun's
Planetary Incarna; it may appear as a blazing citadel
if the Incarna manifests in his Hyperion guise, or as
a brilliant tipi if the Incarna appears as Katanka-
Sonnak. The sun's Incarna has many forms, but his
nature remains roughly the same; he prizes valor and
despises deceit. He may prove to be a vital ally for
those who seek his blessing, although he is an
exacting spirit to please.

The Reacher

The portions of the realm's sky beyond sun and
moon are called the Aetherial Reaches. It's here that
the planets have their own domains, and even farther
still that the Triat's power begins to bleed into the
realm. At the very height of the Aetherial sky lies the

endure five se

41

ANY

4


Membrane, the border to the Deep Umbra. The

essence of the Triathas leaked through the Membrane YX

into the realm, and each Triatic entity has claimed a
portiongof the Reaches for its own.

i
The Weaver Reaches are coveredina gridlike 5 es

spider web, not unlike an astronomer's computer-
ized maps The life that pulsates if the stars else-
where in the realm, is not in evyidenée here; the
stars and world of the Weaver Reaches hang still
and coldjin the Web, afranged in an unihatural sym-
metry. The Only spirits found here areWeaver-spirits;
geomids and hiige "star spiders" patrol thé web, mak-
ing certain, that everything is in its' proper place.
There are nofAnchorheads here; travel across the
Membrane is hard-fought/in thé Weaver's domain.
Legend holdsthat many lost fetishes and powerful
spirits have been embedded in the Weaver Reaches, |
and that they waitfor,someone to freethem so that
they can‘fight for Gaia once mote.

swirling area of unusual sounds and peculiar lights.
Odd planetgidS"and strange e6metsedance here in
apparently'no patterns whatsoéver, although itseems
they always naredwly avoid any potential collisions. A ‘J
traveler canifind Anchorheads in abundance here; the ||
Wyld Reaches are probably the,safest and easiest path
through the Membrane to the Deep Umbra (mot that
that's saying much). Indeed, enigmatiepathsand gates
to all portiéns of the Umbra seem to come into exist- "Y
ence here, althéugh there's ng real way (of telling
whether a spirit gate willtake one toa tribal homeland
or to the bottom of MalfeassMany Garéu'come here in
search of Wyldstones, loose stones drifting among the
planetoids thatare so imbued with Wyld energy that
they make natural fetishes.

The Wyrm Reachésyon thétother hand, are dark
and forbidding.Mhe Anchorheads here.lead largely to /
Malfeas@r worse, to the region of the Deep Umbra
where the Wyrm itself is tangled. (The lattet possibil-
ity is only @ theory; obyiodsly, nobody has survived a
trip to meet the Destroyer face toface.) The star and
planetary spirits here are warped and ominous, spelling
out dire omens as they cyelé around one another, even
devouring one another. Balefire elementals dance on
the asteroids, and theconstellations hayeadire aspect.
When the nebula of purepollutioniisn't obscuring the
stars of this portion of the heavens, it's said that one
can read the future motions of the Wyrm in the sky.
The Wanepary /ocarmae

Although travel through the Aetherial Realm
doesn't guarantee direct access to Luna, Helios or

other Celestines, Garoucan contact the Incarnae that
represent the planets themselves. A trip to the moon

4
oF

4

: =


inthe Aetherial Realm would be a good way to contact
Phoebe (or Sokhta, as she's also called), the Planetary
Incarna of the moon that acts as one of Luna's faces.
Similarly, a pack could journey to visit Hyperion (or
Katanka-Sonnak), the Planetary Incarna of the sun.
Visiting a Planetary Incarna isn't easy; it requires a
long trip to the Aetherial analogue of the celestial
body in question, and usually passing a number of tests
to prove one's bravery, insight or whatever other
qualities the Incarna in question values.

Even the planet Earth boasts a Planetary Incarn:
—Eshtarra, the Songteller, an Incarna that in
ways reflects Gaia (albeit in ay
ion). The other Incarnae of the
the solar system are:

* Mitanu, the Rogue, the t
Mercury;

© Tambiyah, the Veiled
Incarna of Venus; i

* Nerigal, the Ice Warrior, p:
Incarna of Mars; 4

* Rorg, the Many-Taloned]
tic and feral Incarna of the aste'

 Zarok, the Crowned One,
Jupiter;

 Lu-Bat, the Peaceful Counselor, the
Incama of Saturn;

* Ruatma, the Shadowed One,
Incarna of Uranus;

¢ Shantar, the Loom Ma
pragmatic Incarna of Neptu:

© Meros, the Wandere:
Pluto.

Each of these Incarnae ru
reflects the physical nature o}
symbolizes the associations huma
with their planet's aspects, and is partly shaped
Incarna's liking. For instance, pilgrims to Neri
domain can expect a cold, red desert guarded by
martial spirits in the form of bloody legions. If the pack
wins their way to Nerigal's court, he may well listen to
them — if he believes them brave souls. Such a
pilgrimage is truly a hero's journey.

Te Saph of the Start

Atop one of the stable cloud mountains lies the
home ofa particularly unusual sept—a group of mostly
Stargazers that has forsaken the physical world to fully
explore the mysteries of the Aetherial Realm. These
werewolves have gradually disconnected from the
physical world; they are now creatures of spirit, al-
though they still act as if they possessed all their mortal

ANN ee

Traits (i.e., they use Gifts rather than Charms, and so
on). Their most powerful member is Altair, a mighty
spirit warrior who still remembers how to use his
Kailindo to utmost effect.

The sept resides in a huge spirit-orrery, a nearly
impossible building filled with clockwork and ephem-
eral representations of the planets and stars, always
turning in relation to one another. Many of the niore
significant celestial bodies are represented not by globes,
but by actual rooms; to study the movements of Mars,
aicharacter may have to stand within a red-hued room

translucent walls and compare his position to the
if the heavens. The orrery is confusing and diffi-
avigate, but the sept members are more than

tO guide seekers along the right path.
@ recent developments of Anthelios' arrival
targazers' secession from the Garou Nation
-d an extra element of tension to the sept.
and the attendant birth of the "perfect
stirred them to even greater activity,
for prophecies that might lead
final battle. Although the
with the Stargazer elders'
ou Nation, they nonetheless
their tribemates, and have offered
the occasional hengeyokai sentai

at has come in search of counsel.

27

Aetherial Realm is easy enough — all
ind a way up. The realm stretches
the Penumbra, and is relatively
e Near Umbra as well. Since all
‘ough the Aetherial Realm at
jerewolves can simply leave a
id find themselves there.
, if anything, even easier. All a traveler
p through one of the breaks in the clouds
falling down towards the rest of the Near
Onis When he finally lands, he lands safely — that
is, the impact is as gentle as if he'd merely jumped afew
feet. There's no guarantee that his surroundings will be
safe; by falling from the Aetherial Realm, a character
can wind up anywhere in the Near Umbra, with the
exceptions of Erebus and Flux.

For those interested in a more predictable destina-
tion, moon bridges and moon paths function well
enough as a means of exit, particularly if called up from
Sokhta'srealm. The Wyld, Weaver and Wyrm Reaches
all possess gateways to appropriate Near Realms — the
Flux Realm is reachable from the Wyld Reaches, for
instance, while the Wyrm Reaches hold several tun-
nels to Malfeas.

Chapter Two: The Realms

en ee

ENT


a OA

Sony Pestldlipiat

© A powerful cult of Black Spiral Dancers who
see Anthelios as their dark messiah has moved into
the Wyrm Reaches, where they plan to enact great
rituals to contact the Red Star and seek its patron-
age. The Dancers greatly outnumber the pack, who
must stymie or dissuade them in some other way
than a direct assault.

© A far-off caern has agreed toa pact of allegiance
with the characters' own. After much negetiation,
the elders of both caerns decree that, as a sign
allegiance, packs chosen by both caerns shall j jou ‘
to Sokhta's realm to attain path:
ters, the chosen representatives of the
themselves in a friendly race to
a pathstone first; the winners of t
receive just a touch more Renowrya
extra honor to their caern.

* A group of mages powerful e
way into the Umbra has made
Aetherial Realm. According to the
the buildings on the cloud la: i
orrery of the Sept of Stars, were
order long ago— and are their rig]
attack comes, coincidentally eno:
the pack's more peaceful visit to the sept
must figure out just how to defuse the fanatica
crusade before the warlocks' magic attrac!
tion of spirits from the Weaver Rea

ans of fle Real

Due to the proximity o
Garou (or othershapeshifte:
point upon entering the reali

© The "outer space" of thi
still breathable and temperate to Sh
(although visitors that aren't pai
mortals, may be in trouble). The only h:
shapeshifter need overcome in the depths of the"
realm's "space" is weightlessness.

¢ Falling does no physical damage in the realm,
no matter the distance. A werewolf could fall from
the height of the Reaches, plummet past the cloud
layer entirely, and land on the ground by the Abyss

far below without being injured (although his men-
tal state isn't guaranteed).

All visitors, spirit, shapeshifter or otherwise,
can walk on the surface of the cloud layer as if it were
solid ground.

© It's notably easier to summon Lunes, star-spirits,
fire elementals and other spirits of celestial origin in
the realm. The difficulty for any such summoning is
reduced by 2.
All moon bridges travel through the Aetherial
alm. While in the realm, any rolls involving moon

es are reduced by 2. Any astrology-related Ability
ft involving celestial objects or astrological phe-
nalalso receives this reduction in difficulty.
iS The clouds in the Wyrm Reaches increase the

Aetherial Realm simply is the Penumbral
Fouter space; anyone stepping sideways in
an appropriate point in the
to decompress and die).
fly while within the realm.
wledge, however, and the
tors and residents give itoutonly

most trustworthy. By rolling Per-
igmas, difficulty 6, a shapeshifter may
0 feet times their Gnosis per success; Gifts that
ement also increase this distance. (For
i, a clever Silent Strider with a Gnosis
esses. He could normally travel 350

Piapediftes in Luna or Helios' favor
tra success when using Gifts related to
the relevant Celestine, such as Luna's Armor or
Halo of the Sun.

[Note: Although space is limited here, the Aetherial
Realm and the Planetary Incarnae are covered in much
more detail in Rage Across the Heavens.]


Areadia Gateway

While many have dreamed of Arcadia, few have
actually experienced it. Seeking this mythical faerie
kingdom remains one of the most ambitious quests one
can hope to achieve. Storytellers have told countless
tales of heroes who have sought this fabled realmpbuitl
if any have attained it, they have yet to rediny to

explain the end 6f their journey. Every stofy,/every/

myth, every dream@f Arcadia has been brought to life
in a realm of the ‘Uinbra that reflects these faint
aspirations: the Arcadia Gateways
As the old stories claim, re was a time
when many paths led to the true Arcadian Kingdoms.
The trods of Earth were like
mighty rivers, and all flowed § nto
Throughout the Tellurianjithe
bringing chaossamd,
Earthly legends,'
the Fair Folk, the
and the various k
wayfarers, the trods
Humans whb met these w :
lives takingion the semblance ofdreams oe as
not, nightmares); nobody came away feapiiareencoun-
ter with a faerié unchanged,
The fae wete never
ate where they ci

Realm was born of
fae who béeamet
create a semblan. yc came to
be. Although popular legend holds thatthe realm is anes
actual gateway to the fae homeland, a close exatiiifias
tion reveals that it is no such thinigaghhe "fae" who™
populate this realm are emanations like any other.
Perhaps some of them were truly fae once who gradu-
ally "disconnected" from the material world and theif
home realm, but the end result is the same.

Yet one by one, as magic faded from the world, so
did the trods to the true Arcadia. It is said that as the
forces of the Wyld retreated into the Umbra, many
Seelie and Unseelie followed them, forsaking the staid
conformity of the earthly realm. On Earth, Arcadia
became little more than a legend. The ancient trods

a a a cece

madns of the ‘changelings,"

SN Ns ee

meandered throughout creation, wending their way
through strange and fantastic places. But as the Weaver
erected Gauntlets to separate the distant reaches of
creation»fewer trods led to their original destination.
As the legend goes, many fae never found their
to their true home, instead finding the
adia Gateway. Just as the Fair Folk were known by
Many names throughout thes , heroes who actu-
ally found their way to this: land knew their
‘ultimate destinationby as well— Avalon,
Hy-Brasil, Tir With each tale,
their dreams. Yet
fantastic or impos-
way from mundane
fait Folk in the "real world"
ovdhis, legends and dreams.
4 _ Now the world has grown cold and uncaring,
pH eued by consumed by rage, and bereft of
agic. Arcadia lives on in dreams,

has been replacedawith the cynicism and cold reason of

the modern age. The Fair Folk may soon fade away as
sOmany other magical creatures have before them —
and : as s they fade; their ‘Near Umbral creation, the

fled from the
remained on

who learned
5 hide their,true forms from the haish world around
em, Others retreated i into for ms, and still
others sought the sp Some sought to guard

the tfods to Arcadia, protecting mankind's
madness and the Tavagesiof age. ioped to lead
Minwise and villainous rivals pity if it required
the bettayal of their own followers: Fae legend holds
that Lord Lysander, a valiantSeelie sidhe, was the one
who foundand protected the'true "gateway to Arcadia."
Tf Lysander were once a true fae but is now an emana-

_ tion, there's no proof of it — he has since disappeared

from ‘sight and almost from memory.

For centuries, the realm of the Arcadia Gateway
remained isolated from the real world. In accordance
with the old traditions — or what the Wyld-imbued
fae thought they remembered as the old ways — the
land was divided evenly between the Seelie and

Chapter Two: The Realms 45

NY


Unseelie Courts. The perceived "gateway to Arcadia,"
the portal out of the realm, was protected by the
Seelie Court, safeguarded deep beneath the well-
defended walls of Lord Lysander's castle. The gate has
since fallen, and the Lord himself has vanished,
perhaps faded away.

With the demise of the Seelie lord, Unseelie
tushed in to claim lands their rivals could not protect.
Shadows slowly encroached across the land. Centuries

before the death of Lord Lysander, the western lands.
lay in perpetual midsummer, preserved by the Seelie. wt

The eastern lands werefrozen in midwinter, cloakin,
the treachery of the Ungeelie. Now the balari
been upset, perhaps forever)Winter spreads
domain like a cloak of cold andidarl Only a few
scant leagues in the west still en}
sun and the protection of the Seelie

An Endless Winter is passing ac
eradicating the antiquated teli¢s o
make way for a new etéthal age. Frieft
Court have one last chaneé to
they fail, then this last remnant
descend into eternal night.

The true paths to the realm
destination: ashimmering m
acirclet of coruscating light
covered in snow. Standing at
black armor waits as hehas for ¢¢
knight demands that none pass'

deceived: Yee oddly natter how
victimized, the armor se
next time a traveler passes.

he has ample time to ¢ecover.

Goograply

Beyond the black knight that guards

worn, decaying road stretches to the horizon. Thick'
woods surround it on either side, covering the ground.
as no forest on Earth has for centuries. At times, the.

one road twists and turns into the depths of the
wilderness, hidden from view. The end of the path is
visible, however, leading to a dark and sunless sea.
Once this winding path was straight as an arrow,
serving as the barrier between the lands of the Seelie
and Unseelie. Now it has been twisted, and the
border between Seelie and Unseelie is ill defined. It
isn't even a very good trail. Throughout most of the
realm, winter has cloaked the forest in snow, and
dense copses of trees have become little more than
thick tangles of branches.

ee A a

To the east, a swollen harvest moon rises behind
agrim and terrible fortress. Cold winds arise from the
east, for it is the dark heart of the Unseelie domain. To
the west, a dull sun sets behind the ruins of a crumbling
castle. If a hero listens intently, however, and he
retains some measure of hope, he can hear distant
sound of music and laughter beneath the setting sun.
A perceptive and idealistic traveler may see the glow
of distant campfires through the trees. In a handful of
leagti@$jro the west, the last remnants of the realm's
urt prepare for the onslaught of winter.

he broken trail winds Onward, leading from the
circle of light to thewvoods. Inhas become so twisted
over time thawit is hard tosee further than the next hill
orvi Lley#Lesser trails offeralternatives, tempting with
ts and scenic routes. These lesser trails seem to
ind twist from day to day, adjusting to the
ble geography. If Garou choose to follow any one

May use their woodland lore, survival
fal Senses to orient themselves again, but
KS are exceedingly difficult. Magic misleads
and misdireets themmLeaving the path has even more
"drastic results,

_ Asteadfastpackmay follow what roads they can
find, but fae will attempt to lead them astray. Will
s wisps glaw in the bleak forest. A lone cabin may

visible in the distance, offétingshot food and a
rm hearth Nymphs.and satyrs dance amidst the
ing travelers to join them. No matter
Motives, a Garou whe wanders out of
e path will not find his way back unless he
by,onevof the Fair Folk. Magical trickery
confounds Jarou Gifts as well: a Hare's Leap may
restilt ina fupus catapultingsthrough the trees, a
it Flame may be mirrored by a dozen ephem-
r alls of light, andiso on.

Travelers who try to take shortcuts through the
oods encounter hunters and monsters, stalking things

worthy of the oldest and grimmest fairy tales. Beasties
"andiboggles lurk and shuffle. Redcaps chase anything
"that moves (and some things that don't) before swal-
owing them whole. In the "real world," a Garou could
easily defeat some of these creatures, but the bitter and
Unseelie nature of this realm has made them stronger,
in some cases, enough so to give a pack a run for its
money... or its life. The spirit world has gifted them
with hideous strength.

Relics of other faerie tales live in the Unseelie
lands, but they have all been tainted by the jaded
sensibilities of the modern age. Some are even fouler:
They mirror the original tales. A gingerbread house
may smell delicious, butinside, bad little children roast

Umbra

a

NS

Bs


|

in the oven. The Big Bad Wolf hunts a girl in a red

- CF

cloak, hungering for more than just her cookies. Garou
may rage and rush off to punish these atrocious crea-
tures. If they do, they have strayed from the path.

If travelers somehow survive or ignore these perils
and distractions as they continue south, they eventu-
ally approach an old Roman style road leading from
west to east. This is the easiest way to reach the Seelie
Court in the west. The Unseelie are winning their war
against the Seelie Court, and so all the other roads
eventually lead to the east. Only the Roman Road is
true. Various cobblestones have been stolen from the
Seelie path; they might be returned when low faeries
chuck them at a Garou's head. The remaining stones
are set at the distance of a chariot's wheels. In fact, at
least once a day, a steam-driven metal conveyance of
some kind barrels down the road, smashing into any-
thing that bars its way. Other stretches of road are
maintained by ogre and troll construction crews.
Whether they actually repair the road or just bury
lesser creatures beneath is open to conjecture.

If the pack travels to the very end of the southern
toad, it leads out of the forests to an immense ocean. A
few of the eldest fae have set sail across these waters,
never to be seen again. Even the wisest Garou do not

cold ocean. The fae do not speak of what lies beyond
(or beneath) the waters.

Cathe Rifas avd Sabot Hope

Hopelessness makes the journey more perilous.
Hope, however, can clear the way, especially if the
pack is strong-willed, can see the faint fires of the
Seelie lands, and heads straight for them. If the pack
travels west, towards the setting sun anda rose-colored
sunset, they eventually reach a clearing after many
leagues. In the center, a castle rests in ruins like a
shattered dream. The rubble surrounding it is lit from
within bya massive bonfire. Yet a refrain of music drifts
from the faeries gathered there. The beleaguered de-
fenders refuse to abandon their lands, despite any
adversity. This motley clique is the last remnant of the
Seelie Court in the realm.

In the Seelie domain, fae who can fight are
prepared for war, ready to defend their dreams. De-
spite overwhelming odds, they refuse to give up, or
even recognize that they are losing. Any Fianna or
Galliard schooled in fae lore may know of how the
courts were once organized: When the world was
young, the Seelie and Unseelie Courts shared the
burden of rule. The Seelie ruled from Beltaine to

Chapter Two: The Realms 47


a OA"

Samhain; the Unseelie reigned from Samhain to
Beltaine. Now, as on Earth, only the strongest can
rule, whether through valor or treachery.

Though Endless Winterstretchesacross the land,
the leagues surrounding the castle remain untouched,
at least for several days' journey. Here iris fall, and the
ground is carpeted by a multicolored array of fallen
leaves. Areas of lovely, tranquil beauty endure. Quiet
glades and trickling brooks nurture the land, reflect-
ing the calm perseverance of the Seelie. Gossamer,
waterfalls shimmer, and autumn leaves blaze like'fit

For several leaguesaround the distant ruins, thi
power of the Seelie Couitt holds sway. Their spi
imbued into the very earth.lm fact, theta
of the land oppose all intruders €
regardless of their intent. In Seéelie fashion, the de-
fenses are whimsical, ridiculous and fiercely iiiagina,
tive. A puddle may quickly expand to the size
lake, washing over intruders/with wayes
water and bubbling demands for them to swim : E
In a grove covered with grain, mice | oe grow on
trees, dropping from branches to scurry. up legs and
scamper off with what they can Thi ded
lizard-folk emergeyfrom under rocks, 5s
to anyone who €annot best them in an argument.
Natural spirits waylay invaders with ean and

prolific inventiveness.

Sactoiage

If the pack doesn'tknow cheoldl legends, Oelfthey
want to help, they'll have to ask the local fae. The first
Seelie the paék encountets here may very well
on whom they ehGosé as their
Theurge is alpha, they will)
one of the youngest of the fae.
cavort as though oblivious to the encroaching winter.
The games children' Played for centuries, até
preserved in their songand) verse. Ragabashican elicit
trust through jokes and puns; Theurges may take

ly meet a

interest in the way that children's games have been/
adapted into faerie magic. Openness and trust are met _
with laughter and play. Cruelty and hostility are met

with clever japes. In a wink, a childling might take a
hop, skip and a jump back to alert his elders.

If a Philodox or Galliard is alpha, wildlings ap-
proach. These passionate fae are sustained in perpetual
adolescence, consumed by romance, rebellion, and a
taste for adventure. They perceive the "War for the
Gateway" in harsh black-and-white terms, demanding
to know whether the pack is with them or against
them. Words mean little; they then want proof.
Philodox are met with arguments and accusations;
Galliards confront displays of furious invective, pas-
sionate outbursts, or sly flirtation and seduction. Ob-

depend.

Iphasfa Ragabash. or
childling,

play and

sequious submission invites disdain; intense confron-
tation gains admiration.

Ifan Ahroun leads the pack, or the pack advances
with martial intent, agreybeard takes notice. These are
the "elders" of fae society. Some of the most esteemed
are valiant knights, protectors of the oldest traditions.
They have a bearing worthy of any Garou elder, and
demand the same respect. If a warrior offends a
greybeard's sensibilities, the elder issues a challenge. A
fewpattol the wasteland surrounding the Seelie do-
attended by entourages of hotheaded wildlings.
"Subterfuge is a dangerous tactic to employ against
a greybeard, for they arélpatient and subtle. A few

5 in the Seelie realm. All
(save for the Unseelie' e greybeards. They are

tee Foo aroanonrior an dukes and duchesses.

al by age, leaving them

rae igh faeries and nobility try to
s of the wildlings under one banner,
Gare too contentious and hot-blooded
ny one ruler. Many attest that Lord

)pLysander i feturn in the moment he is needed
"Most, aS any true hero would. A few scoff that he

sailed out overthe Southern Sea, and it's time for the
rest of the greybeards to step down. Fewer still hold
the faint hope thar ifthe Unseelie conquer the entire
(Arcadia Gateway, ai w Seeligrealm will arise (much
Tike Gaia's fabléd ‘Summer‘Country); To help win
\ these argiimefits, the fag)Sometimes ask visitors for
stories of how the bates ages.in thei world. Many

Bed the rest of the

op Unseelie reign.

ad. Mud filled creeks

while is ale and brambles fester into
ionally, one might hear mocking laugher.
roaches the Grim Fortress of Queen
} "one sees the results of her handiwork.

"Rumor has it that the grim sorceress secretly loved
Lord Lysander before he "passed away." Now that he is
gone, her dark and terrible beauty has spread across the
land without restraint. In one field, rotting skeletons
stand at attention in the whistling wind, waiting to
assault any that approach. Another stretch of the road
is interrupted by an elaborate hedge maze, one that
cheats by shifting its corridors to trap intruders. Ponds
lie frozen, trapping wide-eyed beautiful fish suspended
beneath the surface. Brilliant moonlight illuminates

48 Umbra

/ iia

Sa


the landscape, eliciting howls from wolves in the
woods. The yellow harvest moon is always full.

At the eastern end of the Roman road (and all of
the tributaries save a few), bitter cold condenses in
the air, forming a light frost on every surface. The
very walls of the Grim Fortress are reinforced with
ice, The dark and terrible queen of the castle rarely
leaves it, but from a distance, she may be seen pacing
along the parapets like a caged animal, particularly
air is overwhelming or the Seelie haye
caused her grief.

Black knights have set a bivouac outside the
castle. The clash of théin.weapons can be heard for
miles. In the forests around the fortressythe common-
ers and low faeries feed raging bonfites. They scream
and leap, chanting and laughing with maniacal glee.
Visitors offer further amusement. Some intridéts. (or
emissaries) are humiliated (or sacrificed) in honor of
the dark queen. In one particular clearing, there is a
marble altar where the' Wnseelie worship her.

The Dark Quen

As is the way of Umbral nobles, the vast expanse
of these lands reflects the temperament of its ruler.
Queen Mariannastrides through the hallways of her
castle in flowing »black diaphanous gowns. Eyes
timmed in kohl pees from a china white face.Long
jet-black hair billows down/her back. Before the
commoners, she is the very model of.a Victorian
faerie, tightly controlled in her etiquette and re-
straint. In private, she disrobes to display lustrous
pale skin, exposing beauty so rare it briefly stops'the.
hearts of those whowWiew her. It is actuel beauty, one
that can kill by overexposure.

Few dare recount the legend of her exile from
Arcadia, or her failed schemes to use powerful sorcery
against those in power, Now she reigns supreme in. hér
own domain, as beautiful as she is terrible. When she
has the chance to talk to visitors (or captives), she
plays the role of a victim of circumstance, a poor
defenseless maiden exploited by forces beyond her
control. This facade is used to justify her vengeance
against the land, the perpetual act of exacting her
anger on all who invite her displeasure. When speak-
ing to those who do not fully know her, she pleads for
their help in her return to Arcadia. Sometimes she
claims she cannot leave until the realm has been
destroyed. No one can tell whether she is lying. Ever.
Within the confines of her half of the realm, she is as
much an Incarnaas any other resident of the Gateway.

Queen Mariannaalso desperately hungers for news
of the modern world, one of the few commodities for
which she's willing to barter. She attempts to enchant

Sem same es erweseren PEER Nes mee

Chapter Two: The Realms

those who can provide her with such news. If a hero
piques her interest, she offers protection in the form of
her black knights, masking her taking of hostages as
hospitality. She is served by skulking minions and
creates monsters to stalk the woods. In her most
elaborate ceremonies, hideous, slinking creaturescome
out of the forest to worship her. When matters must be
handled quickly, she sends her most powerful servants
— they are anything but fools.

Onéday, she dreams, she will find the path back to
the real world. She believes that returning to the real
world, and abandoning the nightmare of her exist-
ence, is the only way sheswill finally forget Lysander.
Unfortunately, she's wrong; she cannot leave, at least
not without direjeonsequences, If Marianna ever for-
gets the Gateway, the realm will lose much power,
perhaps even vanishing like a dream. And her reward
for doing so? Although she has no idea that she is an
emanation and nota true faerie, the truth of her nature
won't be denied. She can neverset foot on Earth, spirit
being that she is)So Marianna pines for something she
can never safely have — and each year of her despair
eats at the Gateway like venom. This faerie tale seems
destined not to-have 8 happy ending.

Gapry aod Cg

Travelers may quest for the ancient spirit paths to
the realm, but those who do are waylaid by faeries that
were left behinds The, Wyldhas warped and twisted
them, fillingtheirsouls withrageand madness. Whether
these "Umbral fae" loststheir way, were betrayed by
nobles, were exiled from Arcadiajor Were never even
fae to beginewith, all of them:haye lived in the spirit
world for so long'tharthey have become pure ephem-
era. The Wyld hasalso warped many of their memories
into delusions. Umbtal faeriegitesemble many mythi-

cal forms: earthly changelings, figures of folklore, fic-

tional heroes, lost Kithain, shunned Thallain, refugees
from the Dreaming, or none of the above. Dreams of
the Fair Falk on Earth have reshaped them to reflect
the madness of the modern age.

The emanations of low faeries and commoners
lurk along the old trods. Unseelie fae don't want
outsiders upsetting their victories in the Arcadian
realm. Seelie test those they encounter, certain that if
there is one last chance to save the Arcadia Gateway,
they must make sure that the hero who attempts it is
true. Commoners of both courts require sacrifices,
tasks, boons or payment before they allow passage.
Chiminage may take the form of gold, riddles, or blood.
A Seelie fae may demand a song and dance from a
brooding Ahroun, laughing and taunting the poor
werewolf until he's fit to rage. Unseelie fae often

rma a ar


SSA

demand painful memories, forcing their victims to
retell and relive past horrors. If their moods are par-
ticularly foul, they'll demand the sacrifice of inno-
cence instead, tormenting those who confront them
with new thresholds of pleasure and pain. Sadly, most
Umbral trods lead nowhere (or at least to places other
than Arcadia). Many of the old stories hold little
meaning in the modern world anymore, so the trods
that reflect them drift off to forgotten conclusions.
Leaving the Arcadia Gateway isn't overwhely
ingly difficult. If a traveler passes beyond the
the Seelie castle and on into the west, or be'
Unseelie castle into theleast, the road he fol
take him into the Dream Zéne

out, the actual gateway tl
realm, however, has been shat
although the fae do not know
believe it. As far as they're con
exists somewhere, it can be
Arcadia — otherwisegwha

Syory Put
A strangest
the real world. Ti
Gateway to find"
petition a highbart
form a favor in r
military mission; a
taught a valuable |
witness the m
may ask forhe
When the ta
© Queen
ing her influené
an exotic spirit of
shapeshifter, or even rou cub to gather
information. Perhay some foul e:
ment to test her theorié
simple: Seek the castle
he is tainted forever.

off such invasions (sometimes even allying both courts ©

todo so!), but the Garou have a greater reputation for
valor against the Wyrm. Packs of Banes or Black Spiral
Dancers can also invade in the realm. The hunt is
complicated by the capricious or cruel hazards of the
landscape that waylay friends and foes alike, and the
fact that the locals, Seelie or Unseelie, might be all too
willing to accept "outside help" for their struggle, no
matter the source.

Laut of the Real

Distance in Arcadia is measured in "leagues."
An Arcadian league is about the distance a traveler can
walk in a day. Oddly enough, in the ways of legend, if
a hero is faster or slower, he will still seem to travel
about one league in one day. Garou in Lupus form can
cover about two leagues in a day (if they use the rules
for "Long Running").
o@/Seclie does not mean "good," and Unseelie does
"evil." The fae of both courts demonstrate
he classic foibles, be they codes of honor or
ibuted to the fair folk.
hip with Fianna and
ter belonging to one
deal with the faeries of
pool based on a Social
iestion gets a -2 difficulty.
mg might get a -1 difficulty
ith Seelie; a Shadow Lord might get a
n dealing with Unseelie.)
lea of a werewolf getting lost in the
ly frustrating. Each day spent lost in
8 difficulty of all frenzy rolls by 1,
ast until the pack finds its way again.
he game, many of the abilities
described by the same statistics
verage Umbral faerie has Rage,
wever, in this

® Faeries feel a
ks following

Arg

ifshe has spirit stats) or her Incapacitated

il (if you're using the optional method listed

om an attack that doesn't involve cold iron

goes into "slumber," muchas aspirit would. The length

of slumber depends on the mythical story she is in-

volved in. If it is a battle, she slumbers in a patch of

wood far from the fray. If it isa tale of treachery, she will

eventually appear as a captive in the enemy camp. If it

is a tale of romance, she will slumber until her suitor

rescues her. (In the modern reflection of Arcadia, this
happens to men as often as it does to women.)

Umbra

————— ee


¢ In this realm, time passes randomly in relation to
Earth. One day in the Gateway may pass in hour of
game time, or it may take a year. This is entirely at the
discretion of the Storyteller. Ifa visitor partakes of any
food or drink while in the Gateway, at least a year will
have passed on Earth by the time he returns (if he
returns at all).

Faeries understand the shapeshifters in all their
forms, and can communicate freely with them. Mon-
strous creatures may not want to do anything more.
than growl menacingly.

A shapeshifter ca travel one Arcadian league in
one day, but the terrain ofthe realm may change from
week to week. In the Unseelie domain,this may occur
depending on the mood and diSposition of its ruler,
Queen Marianna. In the Seelie domain, there isno one
tuler. The lands reflect the Seeli¢ fae who is€tittently,
held in the highest regard. The most renowned Seelie
changes every few weeks, so/the geography slowly
shifts to accommodate*his:temperament as well.

* Distance séems to be influenced by drama.
No one has measured the actual size of the realm;
all such attempts are frustrated by randoni magic.
When Galliards ¢ompare their adventures in the
realm, the distance between various landmarks
also seems to change from' "story to story" as dra-
matically appropriate.

© Travelers are advised not to stray from the path»
Attempts to regain the path always fail until a fae
brings the poof'wanderer back. Incidentally, using the
Rite of Questing Stone in this realm results in a.frost-
covered stone spinning around and around. At par-

ticularly bad moments, it leads straight to Queen
Marianna, regardless of the ritualist's intent.

* Sense Wyrm does not detect the presence of
Unseelie.

® Queen Marianna is now the Lady of the Realm.
She's about as close to an Incarna as a faerie is ever
going to get. She has magic, but only the kind that
furthers the plot. She cannot grow old, and she cannot
die, at least as long as she stays here. She will not leave
until thé realm is conquered by the Unseelie.

lord Lars

# Ifa Storyteller owns.a copy of Changeling: The
Dreaming, it's possible to adapt changeling Traits to
this realm. OnlyBuropean fae manifest here; yet an-
other sign that this realm is flawed.

Some faerie abilities can be reproduced by the
samé mechanics as Garou Gifts. For instance, many
possess arts equivalent to Blissful Ignorance, Scent of
the True Form, or Doppleganger (although using this
last Gift doesn'trequire Gnosis).

* Names have power in the old stories. If a
shapeshifter can lear the true name of a faerie in this
tealm, she can control him. (Such fae never introduce
themselves with their true names.) A faerie under this
ensorcellment must perform any task asked of him.
However, he willmake every attempt to escape.

© Bargains are binding in the Arcadia Gateway. If
a Garou anda faetie make a déal, the fa@must carry out
her side of thé deal. Should a Garou betray such a
promise, the entire courtiwill find a way to punish him.

Chapter Two: The Realms 51

> ct

aa

|


ae AA

froctty Realm

This realm reflects the taint of the Wyrm as few
others do. The Atrocity Realm is thought to be the
embodiment of the psychic residue created by count-
less acts of brutality, torture and degradation in the
material world. Quite simply, the place is nightmare
given form. Within the Atrocity Ri , spirit emana-
tions re-create phantom tapestrie
horror in the material world.
abusers, serial killers, dictators and
pushed over the edge of sanity all provid
realm. One horrific scene
to the traveler's eyes.

i: isparticularly
gs of half spirit,

atrocities pet
ticularly vividh
most of the de
reenacted by
center of the
The tei
realm is a f@

gray sky, and =
burning flesh, sulfur an
Moans, shrieks and scream
all directions. With each St

prints leave oily puddles that quickly fill wit
gling worms and maggots. Swarms of b
through the realm, adding to "le

Unfortunately for trayéb
is the least of the hor
mudslides, flesh-hill
tively divide the rej
each turn and ope:
await visitors. In sor veling flush the
realm is like walking thr nted house, except
the scenes here are far more vivid (and, worse, are
reflections of actual occurrences from the past and
present). Around one bend, travelers might be treated
toaphantasmal reenactment of tortures from Caligula's

court. Ina dirty pit, travelers might be forced to witness
redations of Jeffrey Dahmer, or the medical

ts of Auschwitz, ora US cavalry massacre of

e village, or a Serbian rape camp, or simply

Achild being brutalized by its outwardly

ily behind the walls of an ubiquitous

1e Atrocity Realm resembles the
r, this is a place of victimiza-
ims are invariably

aerciless. Greedy

Ement, fatten-

attack. However,
i and victimizers are
apeshifters can inter-
yy" atableau momen-
done, it will simply
and again despite
the only way to
‘o avenge or rectify
world. Ifsomeone
‘o justice, try the
ter reparations to
busive parent and
then perhaps the
re.
are not "real," even in
ey re-form; if items are
ms vanish. Nonetheless, the
¢ realm can impart useful infor-
pened during the Impergium?)
&modicum of self-awareness,
éhess granted by the Atroc-
eatest danger of the
of encountering
ifter ever hurt or
renzy (or, worse,
e'll encounter a

Atrocity Realm lies in the po

one's own atrocities. If a s

killed an innocent creature in ai
deliberately), there's a good chanc
"replay" of her crime somewhere in
Garou deliberately send criminal members of their
septs to the Atrocity Realm, seeing the place asa form
of "confrontation therapy." These Garou argue that
the Atrocity Realm serves a valuable function. By

Umbra

=


forcing a shapeshifter to purify herself through empa-
thy with her victims, followed by a cleansing journey
to Erebus, the shapeshifter in question can reenter the
material world purged of sin. However, such forcible
presentation of one's darkest deeds can — and has —
driven many a shapeshifter mad with guilt. Such
beings roam the Atrocity Realm forever, seeking to
cleanse themselves through shocking acts of self-tor-
ture or throwing themselves outright into a Bane
breeding pit. A few of these deranged shapeshifters
turn to the Wyrm, lost forever.

The Atrocity Realm has always, /unfortunately,
been a powerful place. In recent years, however, the
realm's evil seems to have increased, and the présence
and strength of the realm's Banes has/grown. Perhaps
this is due to the sheer numberand scale of atrocities
committed in the 20% and 21* centuries; perhaps it's
because of thewaxing of Anthelios. In any event, the
Banes, formerly more of a nuisanée, HOw constitute a
decided danger. Indeed, a Maeljin Incarna has re-
cently taken up residence in the realm, building' a.

"fortress" of violated corpses amid the widest of the

pits, From this ghastly citadel, the Incarna organizes:
the Banes into erude mobs and orchestrates the har-

vesting of negative energy fromthe realm.
The Well anal the Wire

In one area of the realm rises a wall. This ‘wall is

made of simple black rock, rather like the Vietnam

War memorial in Washington D.C. The realm'subiq-
uitous Banes generally stay'well away from this Wall.
Along the Wall, in characters fanging from Egyptian
hieroglyphics to modem typeface, téads a listofnames.
Theurges speculate that these names, represent the
names of all that have been victimized orabused in the
course of human history. Because the realm's Banes
tend to avoid the place, the Wall has often provided a
sort of safe zone for shapeshifters trapped in the realm,
However, that has recently changed.

Recently, the Wall has been overruiiWwith tendrils'
of barbed wire, growing ovesthe structure like choking
vines. This wire is actually an ectoplasmic projection
delineating the boundaries of the Dark Kingdom of
Wire, a "nation" of ghosts formed entirely of victims of
the Nazi Holocaust. Blasted out of the Underworld
like other wraiths during the Bifth Maelstrom, various
Survivors among the ghosts found their way to the
similar psychic emanations of the Atrocity Realm.
Now they cautiously explore and fervently fortify their
new home, all the while seeking out any fellow survi-
yors among the realm's emanations (which remind
them of the musselman drone ghosts that used to haunt

their kingdom). The ghosts of the Kingdom of Wire
have found ephemeral reflections of the death camps
where they died but, little understanding the differ-
ence between ectoplasm and ephemera, do not fully
comprehend why their interactions with the realm's
denizens have thus far been unsuccessful.

The sober ghosts of the Wire Realm have little
understanding of, or interest in, something as frivolous
as werecreatures. To them, characters will likely seem
livtle different from the weird Banes that have been
molesting them since they arrived in the Atrocity
Realm. Characters must tread carefully around the
ghosts or suffer their wrath; unlike the other creatures
of the Atrocity Realm, the ghosts can destroy a char-
a more information on the Dark

he WraithsupplementCharnel

year as tobi le fetuses or

rags and other Banes
larvae until the stron-
‘cannibalize their weaker

ce free of the pits,
ization and hover
negative energies.

siblings and crawl oute
the Banes find a scens
heathy, psychically feet

Unlike the emanatior
Realm, these Banes are

present makes this cou
who dieat the hands
teborn'ina Bane pit,4
of various Banes
selves, are freed,

hapeshifters may
er number of Banes
estionable. Garou

e as they free them-

Gnoseikely) go eternally mad.

Entry into the Atrocity Realm is typically instine-
tive and unwitting. The spiritual resonance of the
tealm calls to emotions befitting its intrinsic nature.
Thus, shapeshifters wl ‘themselves dwelling on
thoughts of rage, violence or death might find them-
selves unwittingly entering the fealm, perhaps taking
the wrong branch of a moon pathjor rounding the
wrong bend while traversing a particularly forbidding
section of the Middle Umbra. (In‘game terms, this
means that the Storyteller has carte blanche to send a
character or pack to the Atrocity Realmif she thinks
the character or pack in question meets the criteria.)

Exiting the realm, however, proves more difficult.
Quite simply, there is no conventional means of es-

Chapter Two: The Realms 53

nn ane ee ee ee ee


wh Sts

cape from this most nightmarish of spirit-realms. Nei- ters must first enter the Atrocity Realm, find the
ther moon bridges nor Gifts allow travelers to leave. appropriate emanations, and sound the horn.
To exit the realm, a character must take the role of a
victim and be "slain" by one of the realm's emanations. fang of the Real
The character must suffer everything that the victim © The emanations of the realm are ephemeral
in question suffered, not lifting a paw to prevent the spirits and may not inflict or receive true physical
horror. Upon "death," the characteris mystically trans- harm. Jif "killed" by an emanation, a Garou is ejected
ported to another realm: perhaps the material world, e realm. Garou may harm (and be harmed by)
perhaps another Near Realm such ag Pangaea or the erial visitors, Banes, or similar creatures.
Summer Country. Ultimately, this decision is i ¢ each atrocity witnessed, all shapeshifters
hands of the Storyteller. : a temporary Gnosis. After all Gnosis is
Syory Pah i rf ‘ers lose one point of temporary Rage
‘ ed. After all Rage and Gnosis are
¢ A shapeshifter or entire pack i Regie! eapbaiat Wilh hans
past deed. Due to frenzy, mistake! 8 pisces ae Mipken et
malice, they brutally slaughtered an
tal, who returned to the Uimbra as a
makes the character(s) suffe
the character(s) must trave

and summarily
cof the realm,
vant to their
L innocent
s would surelysse ith similar
E past.
es to find a
arisma + Enigmas

allies in the

¢ The cha
the realm to co
acters are equa

Atrocity Realm is to
d Gifts are ineffectual

means of escape.
* Difficulties of all x lisin the Atrocity

t Gift to locate
Orwill the sp
overwhelm th
© A tyrant
vampire prince, eve!
is out of control, brutal
in his sphere of influence
or well protected to confro
characters are given a fetish
can rouse the emanations of
playing this horn. If roused, the ema
stroy the tyrant spiritually, draggin
Atrocity Realm to be puni

scene in which she
spend a Willpower
pathy (difficulty of her
imum of 10), If she suc-
ace with the emanations and the
tactic may be tried only once.
n likewise allows offenders to


—

Battleground

From the beginning of time has there been war,
and so from the beginning of time has existed the
Battleground. This realm has figured prominently in
the mythology of every tribe, and it is here, so say the
lorekeepers, that the Final Battle against the Wyrm
will be fought.

The Battleground is the embodiment of war,
struggle, and conflict. Philodox claimithat every battle
throughout history amd prehistory, \from savage
Neolithic struggles against the cave bear through 21"
Century "ethnic éleansing" and gang wars, is reflected
here in spirit. Within the Battleground, ephemeral
spirits continually engage in battles that spiritually
reflect past e6fiflicts in the material world.

The place itselfisa military historian's dream.and
a sane being's nightmare. The entire realim is a'vast
was, or Wars, or series of battles representing every,
period known to man orshapeshifter. In one partofthe
realm, a legion of Romans might be."unileashing hell"
on Teutonic barbarians; in another area, spirit reflec-
tions of Washirigton and Cornwallis might maneuver
their troops, or the skies might shake as the Luftwaffe
rains destruction on a spiritual counterpart of London.

Then, too, the countless: les meld togéther
in one vast cauldron of strife. Ip is entirel ible to:
find Ottoman janissaries, Greek hoplites, Napoleonic
dragoons, and Viet Cong guertillas battling with each,
other, or against each other, or both. The realm's
various conflicts can mirror famous battles involving
tens of thousands of troops, or an inner-city gang
scuffle over a couple of blocks. If it involved violence,
struggle, and especially death, it's probably reflected
somewhere in the realm.

The realm is chaos personified, as faux-Gettysburgs
flow into faux-Austerlitzes and Tet Offensives; but one
feature of the place remains constant: the Signpost.
Visitors arriving in the Battleground always manifest
at the Signpost, a marker at the intersection of two
roads leading deep into the realm. Different visitors see
the Signpost differently: It might appear as anything
from an Egyptian obelisk to the archetypal weathered
postadorned with wooden arrows to a touch-activated
computer terminal. In any event, the Signpost always
contains a list of various historical (and forgotten, and
minor) conflicts. The specific conflicts change de-
pending on the time of entry. Forexample, ashapeshifter
might enter one time and find "directions" to Water-

———eeEeeEeEeee

Chapter Two: The Realms

IS

loo, Thermopylae, and the fall of Saigon; the next
time, the directions might point to entirely different
battles. Characters with high Rage who enter this
realm might find that past battles in which they
personally participated are listed on the Signpost.
The realm itself represents every terrain and cli-
matic type, for nearly every place in the world has
known strife. The ground is littered with structures

and debris representing every period in the history of

sttife)Wreckage of Sherman tanks and APCs shares
the plain, with medieval castles and Roman-eta forti-
fications. \ Trenches, rows of barbed wire, and prison
camps litter the realm; clouds of smoke and acrid gas
slowly drift¥along the landscape, limiting vision to
about 50 yards under most conditions.

AS long asravelers stayion one of the two tracks,
however, they will not be directly molested or harmed

llets andexplodingdimap-
{The tracks themselves
with the specific battle; for
example, a Vietnam battle. Be viewed from a
dusty trail through a sweltering bamboo jungle, while
a Roman battlémight be viewedifrom @Roman road.
For naval battles} the "track" changes apptopriately to
a dinghy, motorboat or the like. ~
Once charactérs step off the traék, it disappears,
and characters may freely (or be forced to) participate
in "Whatever conflict is at hand. The track will not
return until the conflict ends. Characters remaining
on the track may drag their compatriots hack to safety,
so long as they do not themselves step off of it.

Ratret or Coacwafion

Characters may continue along a track, ignoring
the events at hand. Should they do so, they will
eventually discover another Signpost, this one listing
"Retreat or Evacuation" as a choice. Characters who
head to this site discover ephemeral soldiers from all
times and places throwing down their weapons and
fleeing into asemisolid wall of opaque mist. Characters

55

ERE


ne SA

who leave the track and flee into this mist exit the
realm, reappearing in the Near Umbra. As with
Signposts, Retreat sites may take many forms: a 7 4
flare-lit clearing, a helicopter pad, even a buoy iM 4 SB 4
during a naval battle. f

tlt

Characters who head off the tracks are "free" to
participate in the battles. Some werewolves, par-
ticularly the hotheads among the Get of Fenris, love
to expend their Rage on these battles. Other Garou
consider participation in these battles to be good
practice and/or exercises in military strategy. Most
shapeshifters consider the realm to be a gocd learn-
ing and testing ground for their young. The world's
greatest warriors and generals can be found here,
and characters can watch — or participate in —
their successes and failures. Many Garou consider
the place to be atraining ground for the Apocalypse;
a few Theurges observe the fields after the various
battles take place, seeking to divine what will be-
come of the world following the great struggle.

Characters walking off the tracks encounter
wounded and dying soldiers and refugees, as well as
all too healthy squadrons of pugilistic combatants.
Characters may freely participate in any struggle
they like, and characters' actions have occasionally
changed the (otherwise inevitable) outcome of a
famous historical battle — at least until the next
time that battle is fought. Still, giving one's all to
avert a famous massacre even once can result in
beneficial karma for the Garou involved. (Of course,
some totems may demand that their children join in
on the winning side — woe to the
Wendigo pack that sides with gam»

Custer at Little Big Horn!) hn} pull

The Clan ofthe =
Apouulypee

No matter where they travel or whom they meet,
Garou eventually come toa vast, broken plain of alkali ,
flats and sparse patches of grass. This place, the
Theurges say, is the Plain of the Apocalypse. On its
expanse, the final battle for survival will be fought.
The Get of Fenris have their own name for this place
—they call it Vigard Plain, aname humans borrowed
for their own tales of the final battle where gods and
giants clashed.

In contrast to the rest of the Battleground, the
Plain of the Apocalypse is eerily quiet. No shrieks or
explosions disturb its stark silence. Rumors speak of
an Army of the Apocalypse — an encampment of
shapeshifters and spirits who wait in eternal vigi-

56

lance for the Last Battle — but no recent traveler has
seen or spoken with any member of this Army.

On the borders of this plain, three mighty forces
duel for supremacy.

The Warrlng Plordat

Recently, the Battleground has been invaded by a
new conflict, one that dwarfs even the largest military
actions of yore. This battle is waged by spirits and
seems to represent the primal struggle between the
Weaver, Wyld, and WyrmeBhis monstrous conflict
centers on a field adjoining the'Plain of the Apoca-
lypse, but it also spills acrdss the other battles, engulf-
ing them, passing through them, andimoving onshe)
battle even spills onto the tracks; chatacters on the

they choose to participate Or not.

Appropriately, there are three armies in this
vast struggle. Thesfirst horde, a seethingimass of
drones and@pidery "spirits, clearly represents the
Weaver. Dhese arachnoid soldiers build base$,and
bunkers as they go, spintiing roads, fortifications,
and encampments out of metallic silk. The Weaver's
forces act with precision and discipline: eed,
they are models of military tactics\oflanking and:
dividing their forces whenever possible.

The second farce, representing the Wyld, is an
unruly mob of amorphous, chimerical spirits. This
force randomly attacks and retreatsysometimeseven
turning on itself. Branches of the main. bodystan-
domly overrun the realm, like the pseudopédi:
vast amoeba. The one constamt Of these spirits
that they seem to relish the struggle as much as any.
of the realm's other emanati
army, however, and it must 1
to lick its wounds while the other two are still
entangled in combat.

The third force, a great army of Banes, is the
Wyrm's legion in the fight: Serags and other Bané-
spirits form the nucleus of this army, which is directed
by reflections of the Maeljin Incarna themselves.
The Wyrm-legions attack Weaver, Wyld, and ephem-
eral forces without favor, and they'll not hesitate to
engage exposed characters should that be possible
amidst the fray.

Some of the Battleground's ephemera have
joined one or another of the three forces, fighting
alongside the spirit-creatures. A few shapeshifters
have joined the Wyld's army, evidently thinking
that so doing might aid the struggle of Gaia's chil-
dren on Earth. By such proximity to the Wyld,
however, they have gone quite mad.

ET eae we

tracks may be affected'by these esas whether

Chapter Two: The Realms

NN ee
Sipry and CGF

Garou can arrive in the Battleground by the con-
ventional means of a moon bridge, In this sense, they
are as likely to arrive in the Battleground as in any
other Near Realm. Garou whoare full of Rage, though,
seem to enter the Battleground more readily.

No moon bridges lead from the realm, although
the Galliard Gift: Bridge Walker allows a Garou to
create an exit route. There are, however, three primary
ways to leave the realm.

The first way is to enter a battle and survive the
entire fight. After a battle, the site sometimes fades
from the Battleground entirely. All surviving
Shapeshifters in the area are expelled into the Near
‘Umibia, This effect does not always happen —some-

i times, the field of carnage remains in the realm, and

travelers might thus endure several battles before
they' reable toexit. That's all right, though; one way
ier, )there's always eventually a way out of

>the Battleground is to find
n site. This site functions as a
eat into the Umbra.

‘combat skills, or perhaps

irit-emanation amighty foe that they
‘world.

Umbral enemyand thus end up inthe Battleground. If
hey stay on the tracks, they're easily foutid; if they
Rave the tracks, they could end up imjany one of the
‘countless battles. Ca the characters avoid their foe in
théimidst of the mother of all wars? And will such
"cowattlly" behavior earn the ire of the eternally strug-
gling spirits therein?
¢ A character is accused of cowardice or trea-
son during a battle important to the sept. To prove
his innocence, the character must journey to the
Battleground, find the spiritual reflection of the
battle, and demonstrate to his accusers that he
behaved honorably.
© One of a character's ancestor-spirits is plagued
by apast failure in battle and his pain adversely affects

—__t————_———


ae A

the character's ability to channel him. If the charac-
ter journeys to the Battleground and helps the ema-
nation of his ancestor win the day, the ancestor-
spirit's pain is eased, making him easier to channel.
Similarly, questing to aid the emanations of one's
ancestors might prove a valid excuse to raise one's
Ancestors Background.

fant of fhe Real

The Battleground represents War incarnate; thus,
the difficulties for all frenzy rolls are reduced by two.

¢ Shapeshifters who participate in the realm's
battles automatically gain one point of Rage per turn
for the duration of the combat.

© The battles a Garou faces in the realm often
reflect, in spirit, the shapeshifter's battles in the mate-
tial world.

© Spirit arms and armor may be collected from the
various battlefields. However, these are made of ephem-
era and may be used only in the Umbra. They may be
used in other Near Realms or parts of the Umbra, but

once a shapeshifter crosses into the material world
once more, the artifacts disappear.

¢ A shapeshifter who enters the Battleground in
search of a particular battle or enemy must make a
Gnosis roll (difficulty 8; consult the "Battleground
Witness Chart").

© Conflicts in the Umbra, even among spirits, are
reflected in the Battleground.

¢ Changes in the outcome of a conflict in the
Battleground might change the memories of people
who participated in that battle in the material
world. However, the result of the battle remains as
it "really" was.

© If a shapeshifter participated in a material con-
flict that is reflected in the Umbra, that conflict does
not begin until the shapeshifter arrives on the scene.

¢ As with the Atrocity Realm, characters in the
Battleground cannot be truly slain, If they are "killed,"
they are transported into the Near Umbra, but lose two
temporary Gnosis points. In fact, nothing may truly
kill a Garou in the Battleground.

Lebbhagrounsd Witnatt Bart
Successes Result

Botch Garou loses a Willpower point and cannot find any relevant battles.

Failure The shapeshifter loses a Willpower point and might or might not find something of relevance.
1 The shapeshifter may witness a battle in which she personally participated.

2 The shapeshifter may witness a battle or enemy with which she is familiar.

3 The shapeshifter may witness a battle that she's only vaguely heard of.

4 The Garou may uncover a battle of which she knows nothing.

5 The shapeshifter may uncover a potential enemy or future conflict.


This realm represents perhaps the pinnacle of the
Weaver's influence in the Umbra. It is young, as Near
Realms go, having first arisen When humans began using
technology in their day-to-day livés»-The Realm swelled
greatly, however, after 1800, as the devices of the Indus-
trial Revolution cast spiritual shadows inpthe Umbra.
Now, in the 21* century, this realm isa vast and powerful

INS

television monitor tuned to a dead channel. Its upper
levels blaze with a rainbow spectrum of neon, while its
lower levels aresshrouded in darkness. Weaver-spirits
of all sorts seuttle likefants through the city's towers,
alleys, hallwaysa oe yon

reflection of the Information Age. In the CybetRealriijiiill

the constructs of the Weaver have rumamok, weaving a
forbidding realm ofsteel, wire, andadvaneed technology.

The CyberRealm is divided into: three distinct
areas. The first, Spider City, reflects the fiture shock
and inexorable pace of the postmodern cityscape. The
second area, the Pit, is 4 bizarfe, underworld of.dis-
carded dreams. The third area, the Computer Web, is,
a place where raw data is embodied ih spirit form.

The CyberRealm is run fromthe Uptown area Gf

Spider City. The spirits thatlive here, powerful Weaver-

Spirits, are opposed to the Wyld in all its forms. As such, ©

they vehemently seek to foil thédoings of shapeshifters,
who strenuously fight for the Wyld's survival?

ingly, the CyberRealm and its inhabitants.arebeco:
aserious threat to the goals of the Fera.

olee and the CyberEzonomy

Few things reflect thep\Weaver more. than com-
merce, and so the spirits of this realm have

a complex economic system. "The currency of
system is "juice": liquefied Gnosis that can be used
power Weaver machines or simply ingested.

Juice is the lifeblood of the Realm. Tt is rhesret eel)

currency all in on¢, The lords of Uptown arecthe lords
because they have the most juice. Lesser beings ceasé
lessly barter and haggle, beg and steal and even kill for
juice. When running stories set in the: GyberRealit, keep
in mind that nearlyevery being the'characters meet has
an angle to get some juice — oné way or another.

Spider Oy

This city represents everythifig abhorrent to most
Garou. It is a titanic glass-and-steel-and-neon construct
embodying Urban Life in the postindustrial world. The
city isaseemingly endless maze of concrete and chrome,
plastic and glass. Its web-shrouded towers stretch up and
up, seemingly for miles; the higher in Spider City youlive,
the higher your status in the hierarchy of the Weaver.

The city itself is laid out in a vast web pattern,
stretching far into a sky that's eternally the color of a

Chapter Two: The Realms

lept sorcerers. Hoverlass

, and maglev trains cruise
Robots powered by liquescent
rowh the hallways and corri-
Secret labs pump out all

3 n (the middle layer) and Up-
(Kh r ye realm of the elite). Under all of

st be of Spider City — the
Tealm. This place represents the
agnant, decaying, and
d fluorescent bulbs that
ions of Spider City are
[and filth litter the streets,
fers @te almost certain to be ac-
outright"‘The discarded plasm of a
ssed into the tunnels of the Pit.
mostly leave this area to its
d their Spider Patrol into
for juice processing or
‘The residents hate and
the most part are too
ing about it. Mostly,
e next hit of juice.
As Scar wanes, the powerful Banes of that realm
have begun making inroads*inte the CyberRealm
Unsurprisingly, the Old Town has Proven the most
hospitable section for their agents (for now), and
visitors here run the risk of encountering Banes as well
as any hostile Weaver-spirits.

Tie CipbarWofeus

The CyberWolves are the premier revolutionary
group in the CyberRealm. They ceaselessly oppose the
Uptown lords' greed and expansionism. This group,
which is composed primarily of emanations and trapped

59

nee. ee re ere.


shapeshifters, hides in Old Town, ceaselessly waging
war against the Spider Patrol of the Uptown lords.

CyberWolves are master scavengers, taking what
technology they can scrounge and adapting it for their
own use. Sometimes, this means melding the technol-
ogy to their bodies. Certain shapeshifters have mas-
tered the process of grafting technofetishes to them-
selves and others; they'll do this for characters, though
for a high price. Characters must attune these fetishes
to themselves normally, and they'lilikely be suspect at
best when they return to shapes liftefSociety.

The CyberWolves will help s shapeshifters, offering
them succor and shelter, but typically ly expect some
thing in return. Shapeshi ht be required to
donate some of their temporary | Gnosis as juice, or
might be required to help the Cyber Wolves in a juice
hune against the Spider Patrol.

Downtown

Above the wreckage' of( ‘OldsTown lies the middle
tier of Spider City — the' Weaver-ddominared Down-
town. The Weaver protects i +— pattern webs

seal off the shafts and stairwell ‘between Downtown

the sides of the sealing |
though; spider-spirits us
tions and mass to prevent

Downtown itself is a teeming urban wonderland, 3
Unlike Old Town, Downtown is well maintained,well
lit, and filled with conveniences and' ~~

the reflected lights of Uptown
pattern of shadows shroud \

nological wonders.
fetish computers
up to these comput

Computer Web (f Tnagley trains and
hovertaxis serve its and emanations
who dwell here. Tn! ‘malls, offices'and less

reputable places, ipes sell the latest
technological toys. Being the "bestest with the mostest"
is a way of life here; the ¢manatioms and spirits of
Downtown want nothingimore than €nough stuff and
juice to catch the eye of an/Uptown lord and be
"promoted" into the upper,giér of Spider City.
Weaver Constructs (in the Appendix) run most of
the establishments of Downtown. They'll take orders for
nearly anything an emanation requests, should that ema-
nation have the juice to make it worth the Construct's
time. Potentially dangerous requests, such as powerful
weapons, will be denied, and the customer flagged for

investigation by the Spider Patrol of Uptown; however,
juice bribes toone Construct orotherarenotunknown....

The inhabitants of Downtown are many and varied.
Foremost among them are humanlike emanations that
resemble the busy urban dwellers of the material world
(right down to being affected by the Delirium). Weaver-
spirits of various sorts also dwell here, moving unaffect-
edly among the human-spirits with little notice from
either group. Bothspecies" organize information, distill-
ingitintojui¢eand uploading it into the Computer Web.
Everyoneandeverythingin Downtown ruthlessly struggles
for that all-important promotion. With the recent up-
surge in Weaver aggression toward the Garou (and vice
versa), the inhabitants cf Downtown will not hesitate to
betray any obvious shapeshifters in the Downtown area.
Shapeshifters in Homid form who carry ID cards are
treated as.émanations; in any other form, though, they
call down a patrol of Weaver-spirits on them. (The
exception is Ananasi.isi Crawlerling form; spider- and
co¢kroach-spirits sctittle throughout the realm, and one
Of even many more spiders typically go unnoticed.)

Mt

Abovethe rest of SpiderGity stands Uptown, lofty
home-to the lords ofthe Sprawl. This luxurious pent-
house realm is livby the Pattern Web itself. It is thick
with webs.and filled with informational geomids stor-
ing raw datay'to be accessed by the mighty Weaver-
Spirits who make their homes here.

Uptown is heayily secured. Only those with ID
Cards may freely access the elevators to Uptown; the
guardian, spidéts that patrol all entrances to the area
deter would-be intruders. Qne can attempt to climb the
webwork along the skyscrapets, in a manner similar to
gaining access to Downtown; this is exceedingly dan-
gerous, though. Hovertears and helicopters patrol the
skyways between Uptown's towers; the emanations that
pilor them willnothesitate topick off potential burglars.

The.spirits who live in Uptown are exceedingly
alien. A few emanations dwell here, either as servants
oras beneficiariesof promotion; most creatures, though,
are geomids or powerful Weaver-spirits. To live per-
manently in Uptown, one tnust be "promoted" into an
appropriate spirit-form. This involves having one's old
juice drained from one's plasm and being reinjected
with new, empowered juice. When this happens, the
promoted emanation is reshaped ifito a new physical
form. Juice for this cperation is often acquired by
capturing and draining the spirit-scum of Old Town.

In past years, Glass Walkers had the run of Uptown;
recently, though, the Weaver-lords of Uptown have met
all werewolves with hostility. Glass Walkers entering the
area will be met with the same resistance as Red Talons.

Umbra

ee

a


Uptown is kept meticulously safe by the Spider
Patrol, a brigade of net- and pattern-spiders who tire-
lessly guard the lords of Uptown. The Spider Patrol
also acts as a police and espionage branch, scuttling
down the webworks into Downtown to keep a multi-
clustered cye on the inhabitants.

The CH

The Pit extends far und
Originally, this area was used
cast-off technology, failed exper
Now the Pit lies abandone
ten artifacts and crazed i

e rest of Spider City.

broken daVinci-esque devic:
endless labyrinth of tunnels and
with only the occasional fluorescent b
darkness. It stinks of batt

Living refuse is like:
is the final destination for"
ken or wounded Weaver-const
elers trapped in the realm often él
Their fate isa tragic one: They are
by opportunistic Gnosis-s¢
for their "juice." Likewise
the Pit to cannibalize wi

The Pit is a spawning
Strange spirits: hybrid constru
plastic; weird conglomerations of d
somehow begin to act and move.
speculate that a mad W.
Uptown, has taken up re
spinning these creatures.

Ratkin have a ri
them to access thi
Gnawers are likey
access the Pit.

high above the rest ol

Along the web, globular no leam in the night sky —
Umbral embodiments of data clusters. Each of these nodes
fepresents a miniature environment — literally a self-
contained electronic world. The strands of the web repre-
sent the various connections between linked computers.

There are several ways to access the Web. The
easiest is by plugging a fetish computer into a Down-

SSNs ee

town computer terminal and rolling Intelligence +
Computer (difficulty 6); success transports the charac-
ter to the Macro Level.

The second way is by using an informational
geomid bound into a technofetish. A shapeshifter
possessing such a fetish may "jack" himself into the
Web directly, via any computer.

The third to access the Web is by touching

Spider City and making a

ly difficulty 4.

an access the Computer Web
eb spun by an orb-spider in
fids link directly with the Web.

divided into two distinct

icro Levels. The Macro Level

icture of the Web itself.

Ad net-spiders scuttle back
tering data as need be.

= Macro Level, a shapeshifter

ualizes the area she wishes to

wer roll (standard diffi-

rred to her destination

10 are quite comfort-

ake Willpower rolls to

of the Macro Level are various

§, others difficult to see.

re good guides for finding

Ll, various inhabitants of

or directions with juice. A

an rolleintelligence + Computer

wigate the Macro Level; if she fails,
trend up hopelessly lost.

vel, a traveler must simply

n will herself out. She may

it strands that transport

le multitudinous data-

accessed through a

t ts. Doorways re-

semble informational geomid t, a shapeshifter

must touch a doorway, concentrateomentry and make a

Willpower roll (standard difficulty)."Qnce inside a data

cluster, visitors will be confronted mons, Weaver-

spirits bound into the cluster. Visitors who provide proper

pass codes are allowed entry; others are denied orattacked
if they attempt to force their way in.

Each data cluster is different, and each is a world
unto itself. Most are labyrinthine chambers filled with
liquid juice, daemons and net-spiders. The appearance
of a data cluster depends on the data in question; a

Chapter Two: The Realms 61


heartfelt love e-letter might be downright pleasant,
while a Pentex file or kiddie cyberporn cluster will
appear accordingly repulsive. Some data clusters are
open for visitation by the residents of Downtown,
acting as lounges or recreation areas.

Exiting the Micro Level transports travelers back
to the Macro Level. To leave, a shapeshifter must exit
the original doorway or create a new one (Intelligence
+ Enigmas, difficulty 9).

The Wicked hy
This domain adjoins,
areas of the Near Realins th
Kingdom. The Wicked Ci

falm in those

teaseless foe of
the hengeyokai, particularly the Hakkem Garou.
His realm, the Wicked City, | isa

in a dystopian future. In' Wicked ow
and Wyrm-spirits ruthlessly perfotm the bidding Of
Mikaboshi, ever seeking to
influence over the rest of Spider

Mikaboshi has cajoled or coe!
(Eastern Ananasi gobli
beings act as seneschal
tracking and cruelly di
Mikaboshi deems overly
has no use. Cunning and male
shifters prefer to use deception and
necessary, poison) over ight vi
posing of the Yama Kin;

Sotey and Cf
The CyberRealm
mal moon bridge rou
is quite challengi
and pattern-spid
ing to the realm,
however, are
petition the gua
A shapeshiftet
the realm, but this isa difficult operation. The
shapeshifter must enter a Micro Level data cluster,
create a doorway out, spefid a Gn@sis point, and roll
Intelligence + Computer (difficuley 8 to enter the
Near Umbra, difficulty 9 to¢fter the material world).
Some spirits believe that deep within the Pit lie
tunnels that lead out into the Near Umbra. As well,
certain Weaver Constructs in Downtown can wrap
characters in webbing and smuggle them out of the
realm...but the price is heavy, and there's no guaran-
tee they won't be betrayed to the lords of Uptown.

the Yama King's yf

"matter of dente

Syory Cauhtilitler

© Predatory Weaver-spirits from the Pit capture
the pack's totem, seeking to take it back and drain it of
"juice." The characters must enter the Pit in an at-
tempt to rescue the totem.

© The pack needs to destroy important data in a
Pentex computer, but the facility is too heavily guarded.
To destroy the data, the pack must enter the
CyberRealmy aecessiethe Computer Web, find the
fa clusteriin the Micro Level, and de-

ae
lider City, as Hp carts, svt as

ie — of the Computer Web, a
may, ¢hange her appearance by spending a

rou may change her form to what-
80 ae mass does not change by

hes (see the"Appendix) attached toa
ate; if damaged, they remain so.
applied increases the diffi-

Web itself. Garou must
make Perception + Computer tolls to find specific
locales in: the Web; howeve the maximum number of
Computer dice ‘they!imay add cannot exceed their
Enigmas rating. Difficultiesfor navigating the Com-
puter Web are at the Storytellét's discretion.

© Garou must touch ajuncture androll Willpower to
shift between the CyberRealm's Macro and Micro Levels.

Obord Lan

© Glass Walkers who spend a point of Gnosis to
activate the Cybersenses Gift gain as many senses as
they have current Gnosis points.

¢ A Garou "killed" in the Computer Web loses all
current Gnosis and is reborn in the Pit. She also takes
a health level of aggravated damage.

Umbra

————

araenmomcige «.


Erebus

Forthe Garou, the Umbra contains countless hell-
tealms, such as the Atrocity Realm and the Abyss. It
also harbors its share of heavens, such as the Summer
Country and the Aetherial Realm. But only one.
serves as the spiritual purgatory for the Gar:
Near Realm of Erebus, feared and revered
Punishment and Purification.

sear the stain of shame and sin from their souls
in Erebus can werewolves fully dive:
Wyrm's worst taint. This process is €
spiritually perilous, however; the cleans
involves a literal burning away of the Garou's
molten river of purest silver.
Even in this ruinous age
femains as it has
history. The real
ebon caves, twi:

of blackest

ike mercury to fil
ultimately converge at

their sins are purged from them.

In the midst of the lake lies a vast island.
the island stands a great fortress, carved from d
shale of the island and limned with silver-flaming
braziers. This is the citadel of the Incarna Charyss
tuler of the realm. ¥

Shapeshifters are free to come and go in Erebus,
though the realm is designed solely to cleanse Garou.
Any attempts to interfere with the operations of the
tealm will be lethally punished, however.

Erebus is a realm meant for Garou alone. No other
shapeshifter may be immuted in Erebus, nor may any
othersupernatural creature. In fact, ifanon-shapeshifter
dares to set foot in Erebus' "waters," he will be quickly
burned to death; without the power of Gaia-given
fegeneration, it's impossible to survive the SilverForge.
Other Fera may suffer no effect, helpful or harmful,
from immersion (except possible drowning), at the
_ Storyteller's option.

arger

Charyss is a mighty Incarna. She rules Erebus
absolutely, and Garou simultaneously revere and fear
her. She may take many forms: her favorites include a

INN es

Purifyieg the Fara

Alternate versions of Erebus do exist for the
urpose of cleansing other Changing Breeds, al-
these sub-realms are noticeably smaller
‘der to access. Each one is different in tone,
punishments vary from inmate to inmate;
‘Corax might have to undergo purification
g with white-hot golden cages,
t burn in a waterless desert
gold and silver shrapnel.
10'do not regenerate as such,
rivate purgatory where the
, but not lethal.
Erebus and the Garou, each "sub-
sible (and useful) only to the
ts to cleanse. Nobody but a
¢ to Modgudur's Tree,

persuasion to con-

bop ae inside tosee

No "Erebus" or other vari
humans, vampires or any other
The realm and its sub-realms ai
cleanse anything that isn't fortified
spirit itself.

‘ists to cleanse
hapeshifter.
o lethal to

silvery female Crinos glowing with Lambent Flame, a
beautiful but forbidding human woman clad in red or
silver garments, and a monstrous, medusoid Fury.
Despite her chilling nature and punitive agenda,
Charyss is not a creature of the Wyrm. She exists to
cleanse spirits of corruption. Notall Garou understand
this, though, and many septs tell tales of Charyss as a
brutal pain-spirit in thrall to the Wyrm.

The Brood,

Charyss is served by her Brood, spirits bound to her
by ties of vassalage. Brood members appear as enor-
mous Crinos werewolves, with furless skin of ebon or
silver. The Brood seems demonic, with pulsing red
eyes, whiplike tails and long snakelike tongues. They
bear silver spears, which they use to goad Unfortunates
hither and yon. They are single-minded in their tasks
of torment and ignore other creatures unless attacked
or otherwise molested.

Brood members psychically feed on Rage, how-
ever. A Garou who spends Rage in Erebus acts as a

Chapter Two: The Realms 63

nes Cee ee


ae AA"

beacon to the rest of the Brood. If a Garou rages or,
especially, frenzies, the Brood members can steal tem-
porary Rage points from him, as an automatic action.
The Deaf

The Deal is a sinister game played by Charyss'
Brood. Brood members without linked unfortunates
sometimes seek out Garou visitors and challenge them
tothe Deal. The Deal consists ofa facedown, gamecraft,
or similar contest. If the werewolf visitor wins, the
Brood member rewards her. The reward can take many
forms: Servitude to the werewolf, guidance through
the realm or the Umbra in general, the location of
specific Unfortunates, and Erebus-specific fetishes or
rites are examples of rewards.

Failure, though, causes the werewolf to become an
Unfortunate linked to the Brood member. The Garou
will be summarily immured in a silver river. The Deal
itself is a test of the werewolf's wisdom: Wise Garou
should realize that nothing the Brood member offers
could be worth the risk of damnation. A Garou who
does not realize this is a fool, and potentially a dupe of
the Wyrm. Such beings are ripe for purification...
Werewolves who lose and refuse to go with the Brood
member are set upon and subdued by as many Brood
members as are necessary. One way oranother, Charyss
will have her due.

The Unforpunatar

Erebus is home to countless prisoners, doomed to
suffer in the realm. These beings, the Unfortunates,
are Garou of all tribes and auspices — even Black
Spiral Dancers. They are immersed in the burning
silvery lakes until such time as they are deemed puri-
fied. Some Garou have been immured in Erebus for
over a human lifetime; these Unfortunates are typi-
cally quite mad.

Each Unfortunate is punished in his or her own
way. Furthermore, each Unfortunate is psychically
linked to a particular Brood member, who supervises
the Unfortunate's punishment. Through such a link,
the Brood member gains access to the Unfortunate's
innermost and most intimate thoughts and feelings,
which can be used as part of the torture.

This link may be broken in one of three ways.
Charyss herself may break the link, as may the Brood
member. Or, one hopes, when the Garou is redeemed,
the link automatically shatters and the Unfortunate is
free to depart.

he Cheol and the Cleansing

As Unfortunates travel down the silver rivers,
they come to the Citadel of Charyss in the midst of the
Silver Lake. Only purified Unfortunates may enter the

a


Lake, Unlike the rivers, the Lake itself does not burn.
Upon entering the waters of the Lake, Garou are
instantly healed of all their wounds. All memories of
their former sins seem distant, like faded dreams.
Finally, the healing complete, Garou wash up on the
shores of the island. Orbs of silvery light dance about
the recently purged character. These orbs guide the
character to the Silver Gate, an exit into the Near
Umbra. At this exit, Charyss herself, in human form
waits for the survivor.

Charyss herself acknowledges that the G,
been cleansed, then mystically restores
Garou's Willpower, Rage, Gnosis, and heal
Chatyss whispers" "the secret of Erebus" int
ear; the "secret" is that Erebus itself i is powerl
heal a Garou's soul. The physical path, of Erebr
cleanse the character's bodily taint and|
to the brink of repentance, but only '
question can ultimately redeem hers
Charyss grants the penitent the Rite of,
Forge (see the Appendix f

Subsequently,
the Silver Gate,
of her choosi:

Tivers to reach the Citadel
Charyss. Along the way, they will be tempted!
Brood members offering them the Deal; they mt
tesist these importunities, as well as avoid fly:
intoa Rage from the suffering of the Unfortunatesin
the rivers. Failure to control one's emotions causes
the character to become an Unfortunate herself,
and the Brood will swiftly descend upon the charac-
ter and immure her in the rivers.

Once on the shores of the lake, a pilotless, empty
barge mystically glides to the shore, awaiting the
characters' entry. The barge guides the characters to
the island and the Citadel. The barge may not be
commandeered or capsized; it unerringly guides char-
acters to the isle. Upon arriving on the isle, visitors will
be greeted by an "honor guard" of Brood and escorted
to the towering Citadel.

The fortress itself is eerie and magnificent. Tapes-
tries, trophies, and artwork of all descriptions fill the
Citadel. Weapons and fetishes of great potency line
the walls; attempts to steal these items earn the would-
be thief a swift trip to the burning rivers. Eventually,
the characters come to Charyss' throne room.

Chapter Two: The Realms

seers eee

The Lady herself takes one of her many forms
(depending on her mood) and greets the characters.
She then asks them what they have seen and learned
in the realm. (Any characters stupid enough to attack
her in any way are mystically transported into a silver
river, to burn as an Unfortunate.) Charyss listens
impassively to whatever the characters tell her and
replies as she sees fit. Particularly insightful visitors

_.might be ees with knowledge of the Rite of the

1g he audience, the Brood escorts the hace:
tone passage behind the Citadel; this leads

n may be accessed.

covered by accident. The
to Erebus is the Silver Road,

his road leads straight to the
1 Gates of Erebus. The Gates are
ilver and black iron. At the Gates of
rdian, the great canine monster
ythology as Cerberus. True
three heads and stands as

hastly litter of gnawed bi

Cerberus embodies the Ti Weaver, Wyld,

and Wyrm, any of which in excess €amsend a character

here. His left head is that of a Hispo with kaleidoscopic
eyes; his center head is that of a Black Spiral Dancer
Hispo, with batlike ears and flickering balefire for a
tongue; his right head is cybernetic, forged entirely
from black steel.

The beast does not prevent visitors from entering;
per the myths, his duty is to keep damned souls in.
Creatures foolish enough to attack Cerberus will pro-
voke a furious response, and they'll likely join the pile
of bones on the cavern floor.

Other entrances to Erebus are the Rite of the
Silver Forge and the Dream Zone.

Getting out of Erebus is more difficult. The
character must journey through the realm to the
Citadel of Charyss, where an exit into the Null Zone
awaits the traveler.

Lory Fowler

e A member of the sept has been sent to Erebus to
atone for a heinous crime — but the sept leaders have
discovered that the Garou in question was innocent.
The pack is sent to Erebus to free the wrongfully
accused Garou.

eee |

a
|

RS


a AA

© The pack is ordered to escort a powerful, wicked
Garou to Erebus to be punished. The Garou is cunning
and resourceful; if he escapes in Erebus itself (which is
likely), the pack must hunt him down in the cavern-
realm or take his place in the rivers.

© To cast a particular rite, the sept needs silver
taken from the Silver Lake and enchanted by Charyss
herself. The pack is sent to Erebus to beg this boon.
Charyss will likely make the pack prove their worthi-
ness to receive this gift.

Lan of the Real

© A Garou who undergoes the Silver Forge gains
1 permanent Honor and Wisdom Renown.

Garou in Erebus regenerate aggravated damage
as though it were normal. No Garou may drown in the
liquid silver.

© The guardian of Erebus forbids exit through the
front gates.

© Garou in the rivers suffer one aggravated health
level of damage per turn —the same rate at which they
heal. Thus, Garou in the rivers remain perpetually
alive and in torment.

© The only light in the realm comes from the glow
of the silver liquid, but it's enough: All sight Percep-
tion difficulties are reduced by two.

© Erebus is a crucible of the spirit as well as the
body. Garou who survive Erebus forever have all frenzy
roll difficulties increased by two.

© Black Spiral Dancers who survive Erebus and are
cleansed may join whatever tribe will have them,
beginning their new lives as cliath of the appropriate
tribe. All their Gifts and rites are burned from them,
forcing them to begin anew, but they become full
members of their new tribe in every way upon their
Rites of Passage.
Qthonal Lane

© Because of the spiritual revelation they undergo,
some Garou gain a point of permanent Gnosis from
their experience in Erebus. Furthermore, Garou who
have appropriate experiences in Erebus may use this to
justify purchases of Gnosis, Willpower or Rage.

© The Brood and Unfortunates have a strong link
between them; thus, no Unfortunate reaches the Sil-
ver Lake without being purified.

© The glow emanating from the rivers evokes
images of tragedy and terror in viewers' minds. These
images solidify as phantasms, which enact the scenes
as they hover over the silvery liquid.

© Taint from the Weaver and Wyld is likewise
purged in the Silver Forge.


In days of yore, when matter and spirit were one, the
domains of the Wyld permeated the Gaia Realm. The
laws of reality were far more fluid, and time and space
were at the command of those with great spiritual
power. Thiseraisgone, but the Wyld's demesne remains
supreme within the Near Realm known as the Flux.

The Flux Realm is a femnant ofithe Wyld's for-
merly vast spiritual domains, Not so majestiqvasithe!
domains of old, and besieged by the minions
Weaver, the Flux Realm isstilla place of great spirit
power. Within the Flux Realm, the Wyld ways of
creation and change run rampant still. It a place of
chaos, of constant change and endless:

Outside visitors find the realtti extremely disorient-
ing. There are no fixed landmarks, for the realm i:

constantstate offitetamorphosis. Mountain rangesspon-

taneously eruptand c6llapse, deserts bloom ifito
and forests wilt into ashjonly to be rebdrm.
things have been known toloccur: Expanses of f
float through the sky, the sky itsélfseeps down into the
sea (or the sea rises to fill'an area of sky), wat
into flame and earth falls upward! in defiance: 4
Even the celestial phenomena are uncertain here.
Luna has vast power within the fealm, and oceasionall
sprouts smaller versions of herself inthe manner:
amoeba, then reabsorbs them latef, The sun som
burns black, red, or other colors, while the sky flickers
and seethes in a variety of hueS, Stats and.cons
wheel randomly in the eavéns, Time itself is

constant here; a day candast for weeks orefidin the blink

of an eye. A few knowledgeable shapeshifters have
learned how to usé this coneeptto their advantage,
entering the Biltix Realm and reappearing in thematerial
world at an earlier point in tifne! z

The inhabitants are stfanger still!
isinhabited by the spiritchildreno
asby various Bygone species thatean longer exist in
the material world' Wyldstorms howl through the
realm, rending reality in their wake, while great vorti-
cesrumble and tear through the firmament. Chimerae,
griffins, Great Beasts and other lost monsters of the
elderdays rampage through the area, themselves chang-
ing as frequently as their surroundings.

Shapeshifter visitors are likewise caught in the
constant chaos of the Wyld. Garou, Bastet, Mokolé and
other shapeshifters find themselves rapidly — and usu-
ally uncontrollably — changing forms within the Flux
Realm, shifting from human to hybrid to animal and

The Flux Realm

: Tess treat wid

IN

back again. Shapeshifters have been known to meet
themselves, or versions of themselves (perhaps older or
younger or 6pposite-sex) within the realm; some visitors
have even transformed into different Changing Breeds:
i or Mokolé, for example.

a is a powerful
c {Incarna knowf as the Coil. This ancient being
take countlaiay nd shifts among them on a
im. Were' ‘Visitors have observed it sporting
with the vortices and Great Beasts, riding the realm's
§ and assorted disasters, and otherwise
[the chaotic effects of the Realm. The

t to be mostpowerful and other visiting

seem to Paysygteat respect. The capricious,
‘Tncarha seéms to exertsome degree of control
"the region's phenomena, calming Wyldstorms
ith a wave of its appendage.or turning an entire
tinent molten. Some Theurgesispeculate that the
hi transcended his spirit naturé.to become an
others wonder whether the old
with,— orbeen absorbed by —
of the gteat vortices that haunt the region.
Shape: tS farely attract the Coil's notice, much
However, the Coil sometimes acknowl-
edges shay 8 Creatures bearing a brotherly spark
Ofthe Wyld ‘within themand occasionally deigns to help
them... though the\Coil's "help" can sometimes be as
letrime: alas the harm that would have otherwise come
sthe Coil tight "help" a pack of
5y a Bane-army by mystically fusing all
igantic, monstrous colossus of heads,

jaws... then forget to change the misshapen
normal thereafter.

The Flux Realm, as aydomain of the Wyld, is
accessible from any mon path. However, spirits of the
resurgent Weaver have shrouded the realm in a vast
Pattern Web. Thus, finding the realm is very difficult; to
do so requires an Intelligence + Enigmas roll (difficulty
9). Once the realm is found, shapeshifters seeking to
enter must breach the webwork barricading the realm;
this requires a Gnosis roll (difficulty 9). Attempting to
breach the barrier inevitably attracts Pattern Spiders;
these creatures cannotexist in the pure Wyld of the Flux
Realm (so Garou who succeed on the Gnosis roll to

Chapter Two: The Realms 67

en ee ee ee


estan seenepeemivenmerenmnarmel

enter the realm are safe from them), but will attack
shapeshifters who attempt to breach the webwork and
fail. Breaching the web takes a number of turns equal to
15 minus the breaching shapeshifter's Gnosis.

Exiting the Flux Realm is difficult. Exits appear
tandomly, as moon paths, Spirit Gates, or glowing
spheres of radiance. These portals may lead toa variety
of locations. To find the precise gate he seeks, a
shapeshifter must roll Perception + Enigmas (difficulty
8). Failing this ro the shapeshifter is uncertain
whether the gag overed ithe correct one; a
botch means hé
fact correct. Gat
Garou anywhere, eve

Additionally, attempting te
Flux Realm to the material wo
Garou must make a Gnosis roll
Flux Realm tothe material world. Fail

Realm experiene

Realm must

Storyteller applies i b

the following table.
Successes Effect of Time W

Botch Double normal time

Failure No effect.

1 Up to 15 minut

2 Up to one hour sf

3 Up to 12 ho

4 Up to one d

5 Up to one — rs th.
6+ Storyte

Sony Pasbbdf

© A pack learns of an ig
against their sept. The pa
sept in time to prevent disaster |
risk traveling throug} lux, dertoarrive
at their caern in tini'to assis fense.
© The packgis planning ion against
powerful Weaver-spirits, and it will Need a special
klaive to defeat them. This weapon must be forged
from the spirit-silver found in the Flux Realm itself.
The pack must venture into the Flux Realm, gather the
appropriate material, and forge the weapon using the
spirit-energies of the realm itself to temper the blade.
# Acharacter receives battle scars that effectively
cripple him (blindness, paralysis or something simi-
lar). No healing Gift in the material world can aid the

Umbra

yy one meneame ——————

character — however, the pack learns that an appro-
priate Gift, ifaugmented by the transformational pow-
ers of the Flux Realm and the creation-energies of the
region, might be able to heal the character fully. The
characters must enter the Flux Realm, bringing their
wounded comrade, to use the Gift.

© The
Spiral

the Flux
machin

captured a mighty creature from
using it as a juggernaut and war

is actually part of a
Ecan be reintroduced to
Realm. The characters
id the beast's mate, bring
id reunite the creatures.

gh to kill travelers
‘ors exercise suffi-

anvchite else is possible.
n to plateaus; the
seething arcs of

ing the Flux Realm,

Intelligence + Primal-Urge

Rage); the following table
e between random shifts.

ably Mivigunetuansoitin de
ealm; different parts of her mightshift
ifferent forms.
shifts randomly every turn.
hiftsrandomly every five turns,
‘Shifts forms every five turns
oic&of form).
may make a Willpower roll
each scene to avoid changing form.
5+ The Garou is able to resist the energies of
the Flux Realm.
Random Forms (roll one die)
1-2 Homid
3-4. Glabro (or equivalent in other shapeshifters)
5-6 Crinos (or equivalent in other shapeshifters)
78 Hispo (or equivalent in other shapeshifters)
9-10 Lupus (or equivalent in other shapeshifters)

4


Nn ee

Optionally, if the player rolls an odd number, the
character shifts into a duplicate of someone with
whom she is familiar — probably a pack member.

© Transformations within the Flux Realm are easy;
characters may transform without the need for a roll or
Rage point unless they botch their initial roll upon first
being exposed to the Flux Realm's energies. Thus, charac-
ters may forcibly change themselves back to their normal
forms upon being affected by the Flux Realm's energies.

~ Changing forms requires the normal amount of time.

* Shapeshifters may actually manipulate their
local environment by spending a Gnosis point and
. tolling Manipulation + Enigmas. The Storyteller sets
the difficulty, depending on the size and composition
of the area being shaped; the effects last for a number
*, of turns equal to the successes rolled. If two opposing
shapeshifters attempt to manipulate the same area,
treat this as a resisted roll. Generally speaking, ma-
nipulations to increase an area's stability (changing a
* roiling volcano into a peaceful, grassy glade) are easier
than attempts to disrupt it (changing an area into a
, conflagration or field of silvery knives).

© No entity may be psychically bound or controlled
while in the Flux Realm, and all entities entering the
realm are freed from such control. Psychic control in-
cludes Gifts that induce such states, as well as vampiric
powers such as Blood Bonds and Dominate, spirit posses-
sion, mage Mind magic, and similar effects. Additionally,
= mundane fetters such as alcoholism, drug addiction, and
even codependency are shattered for so long as the
j sufferer remains in the Flux Realm. Finally, spirits bound
E into fetishes are freed, though ephemera are not.

© The raw energies of the Wyld are extremely
disorienting to shapeshifters. Shapeshifters must make
H frenzy rolls every scene or succumb to frenzy. The
difficulty of the rolls is determined normally, by the
phase of the moon. A botched roll inflicts a derange-
ment on the shapeshifter. This derangement may not
be cured while in the Flux Realm; subsequently, the
Mother's Touch Gift or expenditure of great amounts
of Willpower may cure the derangement.

¢ Knowledgeable shapeshifters within the Flux
Realm may spend three Gnosis points and roll Cha-
tisma + Primal-Urge (difficulty 9) to consciously change
_ their physical appearance or body composition. Cos-
metic changes require a single success; more radical
changes (transforming one's body to living silver)
might require five or more. The more radical the
change, the more likely it is that the shapeshifter will
suffer detrimental effects upon returning to the mate-
tial world; some metis have tried to undo their defor-
mities in this way, only to have their imperfections
8 redoubled when returning to the physical realm.

69

|


Fundamentally, the culture of the shapeshifters is
derived from their records of past deeds, heroes and

battles. Such an impact did these great deeds makéy

that a realm in the Umbra was carved out to house
their memories. This is the Legendary Realm.

The Legendary Realm is a place of myth and
allegory. The gréat heroes of the past remain vigi-
lant here, guarding ople from monsters and
barbarians. Noble figan om the tales of the Silver
Record still sit atop the. es of millennia ago.
The mightiest heroes arri Lis, Elysian land ¢
remain strong and skillful a;
of the End Times.

In recent days, though, darkness hat
the realm. In the center of the realm, a
merly prosperous kingdom, the M;
come from Malfeas to b
people. From th
Fimbulwinter
while from the
and plague upon
home to some)
heroes, the
daunt the S)

The Kingdoms

There are a vari
ary Realm. Each is ied by one or more shapi I
heroes from myth! n the Legendary Realm,
Herself imbues rulership upon the great, To become
a ruler, one must perform great deeds that find their
way into story and song. One must then pass all
manner of grueling ordeals and trials. However,
when one is fit to become a ruler, the land itself will
blossom and burst forth into harvest, as a sign that
a new lord has emerged.

Kingdoms often represent one or more traits.
For example, a kingdom ruled by a Get of Fenris
might be a land of valiant but headstrong warriors,
while a Shadow Lord's kingdom might represent
Pride or Cunning.

The Wolderoar

Between the various cities and kingdoms lies the
Wylderness, an ever-shifting landscape where the trees
move and the paths are ever uncertain. In the
Wylderness, monsters from myth and legend still roam,
guarding enchanted caves and gleaming hoards of

oe Ae

The Legendary Realm

treasure. Many of these monsters and situations are
allegorical — for example, in confronting a dragon
sitting atop a pile of treasure, is one confronting one's
inner terror or one's inner avarice? These perils test the
measure of a warrior — Garou are expected to be
and honorable as well as yalotous, and such traits
greatly aid one in overcoming these obstacles.

be Ntgokgbt Land
£) Not all legends

desert several years ago. The sky
y black with ash and clouds, while
ed sickly and pale and the people died
Finally, a great black castle — a projec-
itself — erupted from the soil fol-
istly, gargoyle-covered walls of an
called the Third City by its
lead walk the streets and

jain, Cone fear that the
taging gtound for an assault
there is little to assuage
ing out from the twisted
the Wylderness. The
erewolves of the real li alling upon all the land's
scattered heroes, but they may not be enough to
withstand the might of the Maeljin themselves.

The Fiabufatopor

The Legendary Realm as a whole is gripped in
winter, the great Fimbulwinter of the Last Days. The
winter is less strong in the tropics, strongest in the
polar lands, but it reaches everywhere, sapping the
strength of the realm's inhabitants. Astrologers of the
Realm, noting that the winter began with the coming
of the star Anthelios in the heavens, commune with
the spirits of the Aetherial Realm for answers, but no
answers are forthcoming.

The Fimbulwinter is more than a chill of the body;
itis achill of the soul. Entire kingdoms in the north lie
gripped in icy shackles, frozen solid and imprisoned in
great glaciers that grind down from the ice floes. In the
material world, shapeshifter Philodox note that gen-
eration by generation, the stories are forgotten, and

thus the legends die. So does the Legendary Realm.

70 Umbra

———

ae eens 1,


=e

—

The Creat Dutt

In the south, the Fimbulwinter does not yet grip.
But the realm suffers a bane perhaps worse still: the
Great Dust. This famine swept up from the torrid
yeldts of the south, turning the grain to sand and
withering the oxen and cattle. With the dust came
plagues of locusts, swarming to the Midnight Land
as if for instruction, then out to ravage the farmlands
of the Realm.

Entire kingdoms have been laid waste, their
farmers starving in the midst of brown desolation.
The mightiest restorative magics cannot repair the
blight, and the greatest of heroes are helpless in the
face of starvation.

Sotey ard Cf

In recent years, moon bridges to the Legendary
Realm have become perilous and exceedingly difficult
to find. The way to the Legendary Realm is increas-
ingly beset by Banes. It's as if the heroes of the Realm
are being isolated within — or those who could succor
them are being kept without.

Sjory Fauhtifitiar

* Characters must attempt to reach the kingdom
ofa great Silver Fang warrior from the past. First, they
must battle their way along the Bane-ridden moon
paths. Upon arriving in the realm, they must trek
through the monster-haunted Wylderness, only to
discover that the entire kingdom is locked in the ice of
Fimbulwinter. To free the kingdom, the pack must
seek out a great and wise dragon to burn away the ice.
But what tests will the dragon make the characters
undergo to prove themselves worthy?

* The pack seeks the services of a great lord in the
Realm. To prove themselves worthy, though, the lord
asks that they journey into the Wylderness to slay an
invulnerable chimera guarding a sacred artifact. After
ahazardous journey, the characters reach the chimera,
to discover that it indeed seems invincible. The chi-
mera and the treasure are, in fact, illusion; the quest
itself, not the reward, was the ultimate aim.

¢ The characters are asked to infiltrate the Mid-
night Land to discover what the Maeljin plot. The
pack must survive in this land of Banes, undead, and
brutal desolation.

Lan of the Real

* To leave the Legendary Realm, one must
undergo a form of the Hero's Journey. In some
senses, any journey into the Legendary Realm must
have a purpose, a beginning, middle and end, an
obstacle to be overcome and a spiritual challenge to


ae AA

master. The Realm is not simply a place to pop into
and wander through. Storytellers should not let
characters blithely enter and leave the Realm with-
out satisfying these criteria.

¢ The time differential between the Legendary
Realm and the material world is vast. Decades or
centuries can pass in the Legendary Realm, while only
days pass on Earth.

* The spirits of the realm are eternal — more like
embodied object lessons or ever-living "extras" than
true beings. They are there to perform their specific
roles in the play that is the Legendary Realm, and if
destroyed, they will eventually re-form in the same or
a different part.

Spirits bound to shapeshifters may enter at will.
Other spirits must make Gnosis rolls (difficulty 10) to
enter the realm.

© The Realm embodies many earthly myths — for
example, the epic of Gilgamesh, the Odyssey, the
journey for the Golden Fleece, the Quest for the Grail,
the wanderings of Yoshimitsu, and even modern
"myths" such as Casablanca and Pulp Fiction might be
relived here. However, such stories are often changed
significantly, and the outcomes are entirely in the
hands of the heroes who play through them. Charac-
ters are certainly not destined to fulfill a role.

All Garou add three to their Ancestors Back-
ground while in the realm. This is true even if the

Garou has no dots in Ancestors, and the Background
may rise above 5. Bone Gnawers and Glass Walkers
also gain this benefit, though Silent Striders do not.

© Likewise, Mokolé add three to their Mnesis
Backgrounds while present here.

¢ Time spent in the Legendary Realm does
not cause shapeshifters to disconnect from the
physical world.

© Unlike some of the other realms (the Atrocity
Realm, the Battleground), character combat anddeath
are real here. A character that dies in this realm is dead
for good, though his spirit might be reincarnated as
usual in a future shapeshifter.

Qlonadl Lat

© Fetishes carried into the realm remain as they
are, but other dedicated artifacts are reshaped into
tools appropriate for heroes of myth. Generally speak-
ing, this means no items above a Renaissance-esque
level of sophistication are permitted to exist. For
example, a Glock might be reshaped into a crossbow,
a flak jacket might become a samurai's armor, and a
pair of jeans might become woolen breeches.

© After completing a sacred journey in the
Legendary Realm, all participants are restored to
full Willpower.

¢ There is always "terra incognita" in the Realm,
always something new to discover. Thus, the entirety
of the Realm may never be mapped.

|

Lappin


This realm, forthe shapeshifters, is Hell itself. Malfeas
isthe nexus of the Wym's power in the Umbra. The realm
isformed froma tanglein the Pattern Web, the knor that the
Weaver wove around the Wyrm in an attempt totrapit, The
result is an entire world worse chan pae killer's most
fevered fantasy.

A labyrinth the size of a continent, Malfeas is divided
into so many realms even the Maéljin Incamae who tule it
don't know them all. Endless corridors lead to tornure
chambers, landfills, abattoirs, he \ belching forth
filth, disease-ridden slums, ‘extermination camps, and, of
course, the lairs of the Incarnae themselves. Malfeas has
millions of inhabitants, each a'torturer and a victim intent
on violating anything it comes across. Some inhabitants are
subtle, others violent; virtually all are evil personified. This
may seem somewhat simplistic, but remember that Malfeas»
is the realm that draws corruption to itself} just as the Abyss

objects fall toward the Earth — and § uaheasuption.
wends its way to the realm of,cottuption

that represent aol

Some Theurges oe once Malfeas was a Pi
situated in the Deep Umbra, the very heart of the Wyrm's
domain itself. Others dispute this theory, arguing that na
realm could survive so long in such proximity to the Wyrm —
hew could anything survive next to the incarnation of
Destruction itself? It would seem the truth lies somewhere in
between; many gates to Malfeas take the formof Anchorheads,
notunlike other portals to the Deep Umbra. And yet, itseems
to those who've dared quest for the realm that Malfeas is
somehow... closer than itshould be. Ifit was once in the Deep
‘Umbra, it doesn't seem to be there any more; the various
means of reaching Near Realms seem to work just as well
when reaching for the Wyrm's domain. The obvious conclu-
sion isn't a pleasant one: Malfeas may well be drawing nearer
tothe Earth, asthe Final Battles begin. When the Apocalypse
comes fo its utmost climax, Malfeas might be poised to spill
onto the physical realm — literally Hell on Earth.

Even the bravestand most powerful packs should not enter
Malfeas lightly. Some realms are deathtraps, but in Malfeas, one
should be so lucky. To enter Malfeas is to forfeit one's soul.

Coeegraply

Malfeas is an ever-growing realm; as more and more
portions of the Umbra are conquered or corrupted, the realm
of the Wyrm grows vaster. The realm itself is impossible to

Malfeas

iiiga landscape tharis literally

draws things lost. Cream rises to the top of a jar of milk,"

Therealmisruled by ctieelin inchnace money loved
continually.

IS

map; it is topographical madness, hyperdimensional terror, a
spiritrealmastwistedand conyoluted as the thousand diseased
minds of the Wyrm. Thesiiast | visions of Bosch and
Goya clash with the impos er and Dali, breed-

ightmare. If it is to
wever, as the realm
gs remain constant.

alfeas as many see it, the Central Duchy is
y, half-fortress populated by the worst of
f is immense, practically the size of a
mbed with turrets, passages, oubli-
rial pipes and valves. It combines
vould say oppressive) features of
"amenities" of a colossal refinery
togetherina labyrinthine tangle.
[for miles, and the dungeons and
just as far. Somewhere within the
, the citadel of Malfeas' "true" ruler
ank the Maeljin Incarnae themselves.
t's that the Central Duchy offerscountless
ide — bur that's small consolation, given
ind their way from their hidingplace

the worst.
small contin
ettes, catwalks,:
the most grandiose
Gothic architectur

domains of cs Maslin Incamae
territories are no less dangerous than the' Ceca! Duchy: archer
portions of Malfeas; true, one need fear only ‘one overlord at a
time ina Maeljin Incarna'sdomain, but that overlord'sattention
is all the more focused in its home. Each duchy is a nightmarish
reflection of its Incama's dark desires, from Lady Aife'sdungeons
thatrival Atrocity for variety of tortures to the endlessly twisting,
echoing labyrinth of Doge Klypse, Incama of Paranoia, Further
out, the compass points are held by the four elemental duchies:
the north is the icy domain of Collum, the south the hellfires of
Kerne, the east the poisonous skies of Choke and the west the
fetid seas of Yul. As with the rest of Malfeas, these places are best
avoided unless the need is truly dire.

The Temple Ohtoura

Certainly worthy of mention is the massive Temple
Obscura, a colossal mix of mosque and cathedral, of Eastern
minarets and Western fluting, all fashioned in green-veined
black marble. The temple is no less than the very heart of the
Black Spiral Dancers' religion — within lies the very Black
Spiral that is the foundation of their rites of passage, their
madness, their very corruption. Those who pass into the

Chapter Two: The Realms 73

a Se NT


ae OA

Temple to dance the Labyrinth take part in a sacred ritual
journey that guides them into the heart of the Wyrm itself.
Some return somewhat lucid; many returnalmost completely.
functional. None return sane.

The €arth Pp

It's hard to say whether the Earth Pit is a deliberate
insult or merely an unintentionally mocking reflection.
Whatever its origin, the Earth Pit is a massive and poisoned
crevasse that shares more than a coincidental resemblance
to the Earth itself. The various strata of the pit take on the
semblances of poisoned areas of Earth, be they clear-cut
forests or polluted coral reefs, with the total effect of a toxic
parody of the planet. As a final insult, many moon bridges
from Blights and.Hellholes open into the Earth Pit, drop-
ping unwary visitofs.in the middle of this corrupt reflection
of their homeland. *ht of the Earth Pit is usually
enough to drive al apeshifter, whether sullen
Rokea or gentle Gui d

Sitey and Caf

It's easier than it should be.s¢
bridges can deposit travelers inthe h
most do so right in the cour
Calumns and Far Calumi
Umbra where the Wyrm is
& gateway into an approp

Fa the Abyss's betes caves to the tunnels under the
ig

surface of the realm, and strange moon brid

the Malfean skies. Calumns in Atrg
hellish train that runs from Scar.
vortices that lead from the Darkt
thousand ways in, but on!

Every exit is botha
anda vital means of,

victims by making those fears very real. If one can et

the trek to the heart of the nightmare, there he can escape
into the nightmare sections of the Dream Zone, which,
though horrible, are much preferable to Malfeas. This
journey is exceptionally difficult for packs, however; as
each packmate has different fears for the Garden to prey
upon, their own fears separate them, forcing them down
different paths to confront different obstacles. It would be
the exceptional pack indeed who could escape without
losing a member forever.

Syory Peslibliplat
Malfeas is not to be entered lightly; few stories can
compare to a descent into the very heart of enemy territory.

(Indeed, a heroic quest into Malfeas may demand that the
survivors sojourn to Erebus immediately afterward.) Story-
tellers are recommended to save a trip to Malfeas for the
climax of a particularly epic story (preferably one where the
characters have at least a small chance of surviving); jour-
neying into the heart of the Wyrm's territory shouldn't be
something the players get used to.
© Rescue: A common story hook for many realms, the
rescue mission takes on added importance here. No Garou
should be abandoned to the mercies of Malfeas, but is it
worth risking an entire pack to try and retrieve the prisoner?
The pack might be assigned to recover a prisoner that is
particularly valuable — or forbidden to risk themselves for
the sake of someone near and dear to them.
¢ Assassination: Destroying a Maeljin Incarna in its
own realm is almost certainly impossible for any pack of
werewolves. However, on of importance in
Malfeas is as powers jortal pawns have
ying an Incarna's
inly require more
g that it'd require a

tate of slow but constant change,
fact vary from place to place and
tellers are encouraged to devise
ever portion of the realm their
with an eye towards the theme

n's symbolism. For example, in
Incarna of Pain all soak rolls

or all wound penalties might be
laws, however, are recommended
herever a pack might wander within

players might
of that particu
the Duchy of

in Malfeas reeks of the Wyrm; even
ught here begin to stink of corrup-
spent in the realm. Anyone
nse Wyrm Gift here must
wer roll, difficulty 9, or
whelming stench of the
my form, and lasts until
the unfortunate is somehow cui Gifts, rites of
cleansing, or even a stay in Erebus), )
© Gaian rites do not function in Malfeas; any spirit that
would respond to such a call would surely be caught by the
swarming Banes and carried away to be transformed into a
Bane itself.
© The difficulty to any rolls made to heal or regenerate
wounds, or to cure any form of ailment, is increased by 2,
thanks to the ambient energies of destruction and the
Wyrm's sickness.
(Note: Malfeas and its denizens receive further treat-
ment in Book of the Wyrm.]

74 Umbra

Jf amma


Yang

The Garou are creatures of long memory. Their
Silver Record chronicles ages stretching/far into the
mists of prehistory. Yet Gaia is older even than they,
and nowhere is there better evidence of this than in
the Umbral Realm of Pangaea.

Umbral travelers depict Pangaea as a single
enormous landmass, with scatterings of archipela
goes and islands off its coasts, This
tinually shifts and alters im titanic di
tonicinstability. Volcanoes belchiash i
sky, and earthquakes level old mountain chains and
throw up new ones. :

Pangaea itself, in terms of géography, flGta atid!
fauna, is reminiscent of the world during the Pal

and Mesozoic Eras. In the farnorth, greatglacierscarve j

fjords and fissures into cliffs of shale and granite, ;
great mammoths and titanothéres wander over the'
endless ice. Broad bands of tundraand taiga, punctured
by strings of tar pits, provide homes to sabertooth
tigers, monstrous elk, and packs of dire wolves. In
hotter regions, boiling volcanic deserts offer sanctuary
to nothing save blackened bones and the bloated
finbacked reptiles that gnaw on them, while great
cycad forests, steaming coal fens, and clubmoss jungles
offer refuge to countless forms of life. Herds of
ornithosaurs thunder over blistering savannas pursued
by ravening antrodemi or tyrannosaurs. Titanic sauro-
pods bellow and frolic in the continent's rivers and
lakes, while plesiosaurs and mosasaurs sport in its
shallow seas, battling with the megalodons and
architeuthids that occasionally drift up from the deeps.
Over the whole swoop flocks of pterodactyls and
archaeopteryxes, scavenging what they can from larger,
toothier predators.

Pangaea seethes with spiritual energy. Naturally
formed caerns dot the landscape. Shapeshifters in
Pangaea feel whole and fully alive, even in the midst of
the realm's obvious perils. And there are dangers
aplenty. Besides the ever-prevalent carnivores, the
environment itself is exceedingly hazardous. Tar pits,
active volcanoes, quicksand, ice floes and earthquakes
can make an end of careless shapeshifters.

Those who can survive Pangaea's dangers, how-
ever, will discovera world of wonders here. For starters,
the Changing Breeds themselves are stronger, more
like they were at the dawn of time. No tribal distine-
tions exist here; there are no Fianna or Red Talons,

ANN es

ACA

Only Gatou; no Khan and Bubasti, only Bastet.
Shapeshifters entering Pangaea for the first time re-
gain all temporary Rage, Gnosis and Willpower. Heal-

d shapeshifting in Pangaea are easier than they
are in the material world.

This mystic vitality extends to the rest of the
tealm. Sometimes the verylandscape alters, touched
by the transforming power of the Wyld. Earth-
quakes and, yolcanoes the land, and rivers

‘commonly flood.
he Eber Serpiop

Perhaps the resident of Pangaea is the
‘spiritknown asthe Elder | Serpent. This fearsome beast
huge andimonstrous that even the largest carnosaurs
fleein horror from it. The creature resembles a dragon,

~ and many. shapeshifters are convinced that it'sa Wyrm

Incarma, perhaps even a new facet of the Wyrm.
Mokolé do met share this view; they respect the Elder
Serpent, though they don't worship it. Some of the
savage tribes of Pangaea do, though, depicting the
beast in cave paintings and crude sculptures.

The Elder Serpent lairs high in the tallest volcanic
mountains of Pangaea. No shapeshifter has thus far
reached its lair, though many (foolish) shifters long to
battle and slay the creature (impossible). However,
the Serpent has occasionally approached Changing
Breed visitors to Pangaea. The sheer size and presence
of the monster are such that even the bravest
shapeshifter must make a fox frenzy check or run
howling in terror.

The Elder Serpent asks (well, demands) that
shapeshifters do favors for it. These favors often have
to do with the thwarting of Weaver manifestations in
other spirit realms. Occasionally, though, the Serpent
has asked shapeshifters to undertake a mission against
manifestations of the Wyld. The Stargazers postulate
thatthe Serpent might be a manifestation of the Wyrm
as it was in the primordial days, before it was corrupted.
If so, the Stargazers say, the Serpent might be trying to
teach the Changing Breeds that, just like the Wyrm,
the Weaverand Wyld could be growing too strong and
unchecked. As a Balance Wyrm, the Elder Serpent is
trying to preserve the balance among all the Triat.

Most other shapeshifters scoff at this idea. To
them, the Elder Serpent is but another manifestation
of the Wyrm. Nonetheless, a surprising percentage of

Chapter Two: The Realms

SEE

a


shapeshifters do as it asks: Not only does it promise
them favors (such as the teaching of rites) in exchange,
but the Serpent is just so awe-inspiring and powerful
that one cannot help but do its bidding.

Shapeshifters who dare to refuse the Serpent's
demands are unharmed... the first time. However,
the Serpent orders them to leave Pangaea, telling
them that should it cross their paths again, it will slay
them. Wise visitors heed this warning; foolish ones
tend to disappear.

The Coraveyard of the Lath

Somewhere in the depths of Pangaea's forests lies
a great mound of bones, exoskeletons and fossils. This
is the Graveyard of the Lost, a sacred place containing
the remains of all the extinct species of the material
world. If shapeshifters find the Graveyard, they may
treat it as a Level 6 caern.

The Mowrnpatns

Pangaea's volcanic mountain ranges are riddled
with trails and caves, whose inhabitants are sup-
posed to be even stranger than the "normal" dwell-
ers in Pangaea. Subterranean cavern complexes
riddle the area. Legends persist of emanations of
Mokolé progenitors who, defeated in ancient wars,

were forced to retreat deep into the caves. Over
time, the legends continue, these Mokolé degener-
ated into frightful troglodyte savages who lurk and
hunt for food in the dark.

Javage Tilbat

Interestingly enough, primordial, monster-
haunted Pangaea has a scattering of human tribes
dwelling (precariously) in its wastes. Alternatively
hunting and being hunted by the continent's fauna
and visiting shapeshifters, these tribes scavenge what
they can from the treacherous countryside.

Why these "apes" dwell here remains a mystery.
Some Garou speculate that the tribes are spiritual
remnants of primitive humans who died before Gaia
created a special realm (the Dark Umbra) for the souls
of che human dead. Orher Garou, particularly some
among the Children of Gaia, believe that these tribes
were led here over a spiritual moon bridge by human
shamans during the days of the Impergium.

Technologically, the tribes remain at a Stone Age
level. In character, these tribes range the gamut. Some
fully embody the yesteryear concept of the "noble
savage" — strong, clean-limbed, virile and honorable.
Others are barbaric, cannibalistic, Wyrm-tainted or

76 Umbra

a

aman

a

worse. Wars between various savage tribes spill over
the whole of the supercontinent; shapeshifter visitors
occasionally participate in these feuds, and Wyrm-
spirits sometimes stir up the tribes through false visions
and enchantments.

Dusert Barbartant

Even in the blistering deserts of the continent's
center, tribes of desert barbarians manage to scrape
outan existence. These nomads hide from the scorch-
ing sun in sandstone caves or underground pits,
coming forth to hunt and scavenge at night. They
fashion axes from the black glass of the desert inte-
tior, as well as crude spears and spiny armor from a

species of gigantic cactus. This cactus, thestixa, is

central to the barbarians' existence, for it(a
vides nourishing pulp, water and, when
wildly intoxicating liquor.

The Tiuln =O
Proud, tall and bronze, the m:
Thulan have spread their culture, flint

ken language throughout much of Pa
illiterate, the Thulan have develo

eracy and trading net 5

are like somethin da Burrougl

able and proud, bult Suspicious of o

tremely superstitious. ,
The Thulan hat

the cannibal tribe oft

and mates. Shapeshifi

trust would find them
minions in Pangaea.

The Larak-Ur

The scourges of Panga
the jungles of the south. Fi
savage tribe of hunter-w:
become enthralled by vi
they are malevolent cann
all living creatures, but prefe}
sentient beings.

The Zarak-Ur are great hunters, stealthy and cun-
ning enough to lay traps for the largest dinosaurs.
However, other humans are their favorite prey. Zarak-
Ur totems resemble Banes, and certain figures painted
on their dwellings bear great resemblance to Black
Spiral Dancers — this despite the fact that all Garou
in Pangaea are tribeless.

Recently, agents of the Wyrm have taught the
Zarak-Ur the secret of fire. They've learned this secret
with great relish, and now they use the weapon indis-
criminately. If left unchecked, the Zarak-Ur might

0 pro-
ented,

Chapter Two: The Realms

eS

INN ee

scorch large sections of the realm in their mad raids
against the other tribes.

Sotey ad Of

Pangaea is not the easiest Near Realm to enter,
but it's not the most difficult, either. A fair number
of moon bridges lead to the realm, though the
realm's proximity to the Wyld makes many bridges
treacherous and difficult to follow. Then, too, be-
cause of the place's restorative powers to
shapeshifters, the Wyrm often urges Banes to lurk
along the Umbral paths to Pangaea.

in Glens in the deep wilderness link directly
ea, and once in a great while, spirit-beasts
alm will cross over into the material world.

t within hours, of course.
persist that certain natural phenomena
¢ earthly wilderness can lead to Pangaea.
ts have spoken of cave complexes far
that lead into subterranean grottoes
raven, or of great cataracts and tribu-
in African and South American jungles

as of exiting the realm.
n in Pangaea may
ithout making a roll.
Pangaea for Dream
aea while under the

is manifesting among the
up and sending them out to

Thulan tribe. Though not tech-

of the Litany, lasting union

ial creature and a spirit emanation

is probably impossible, leading to what will un-
doubtedly be a tragic romance.

© The pack journeys to Pangaea to hunt one of

the extinct beasts, parts of which are needed for a

powerful fetish. In so doing, they must be most careful

to appease the spirits and treat the hunt as a sacred

and reverential event. They must also be most careful

not to get eaten.

Sant of toe Reale

¢ All Primal-Urge rolls receive one automatic
success, due to the primordial character of the realm.

77

NES


ae AA

¢ All shapeshifters in Pangaea regain a temporary
Gnosis point with each dawn.

¢ All Garou, upon entering Pangaea, are consid-
ered to belong to the same tribe. They lose any signs of
tribal identity, and even forget about tribal differences,
while there. Characters may purchase and use tribe-
specific Gifts atno penalty. Even Black Spiral Dancers
are affected by this law, although other Garou may not
purchase their Gifts, as these are from the Wyrm and
not Gaia.

© Garou in Pangaea may notshift into Lupus form,
only Hispo.

¢ All Bastet in the realm lose any distinguishing
tribal characteristics. When shapeshifting info any
form but Homid, they use the modifiers for Khan but
add an additional +1 to Strength and bité damage.
Essentially, their wereforms are those of/Sabertooth
tigers. They cannot tak¢ Feline form, only Chatro.

* All Rokea gain + to Strength and bite damage,
as their wereforms refleétthe features of thieCarcharodon
megalodon native to Pangaea.

¢ All Mokolé inthe realm gain +1 to all,Physical
Attributes and +1 0 Willpower, Rage and Gnosis.
Furthermore, upon énteting Pangaea,

spent, the Mokolé will gain antadditional feature
Archid form while in the realm. This effect | may be
invoked only once pet visit, and the effect fades once
the Mokolé leaves.
© Shapeshifters double aheir feats, rates (for
aggravated and nonaggravated damage) in Pahgaéay
Two health levels of aggravated damage may be healed
pernight of sleep. Shapeshifters regainitwo lost health
levels per turn when resting. In eémbat,
automatically heal one health?

a Mokolé may

© Silver is extraordinarily rare in Pangaea, al-
though the Zarak-Ur cannibals have a few silver weap-
ons and captured klaives. If silver is used against Garou
in Pangaea, they may use Stamina to soak the aggra-
vated damage.

© The activities of Pangaean emanations are
governed by the phases of the moon. During the new
moon, quiet overtakes the land, though small mam-
mals creep out to steal the eggs of the dinosaurs. This
time is dangerous, though, for it's when the
velociraptor packs come out to hunt. During the
cres¢ént moon, animals migrate from place to place,
and thé human tribes enact their most important
rites. Duting the half moon, predators and prey are at
peace With each other, and violence is kept minimal.
During the gibbous moon, animals (and humans)
come together to mate. The full moon is the hunting
season, when the jungles echo with bellows and the
predatots war with each other.

* Metis who enter Pangaea are cured of their metis
deformities while in the realm. They are as whole and
normal as any other shapeshifter. The deformities
feturn when the metis leaves Pangaea. Although a
‘Metis in Pangaea can sire or beara child, the child is
"always a spirit emanation of the:metis' animal form,
‘and cannot leave the realm; if apregnant metis leaves
Pangaea, the spiritin her womb Osmoses into her body,
never to be/heard from againi

© Glimate in the realm is one of extremes. The
polar re; the chill ofthe Ice Age, the deserts
‘ate broiling hot, and the jungles are as steamy and
inhospitable as they'Were in the Mesozoic.

* All difficulties to change form are reduced by

twolwhile in Pangaea.


Serene enwemre rename =

CAL

The Scar is one of the most loathsome places in
the Umbra. While the Atrocity Realm is more horri-
fying, the Scar is just plain vile. It is the cesspool of the
Umbra, the greatest of Blights, a place where,the worst
of the Weaver and the pettiest of the Wyrm come
together to create a singularly unappealing hell.

Most learned Fera believe the Scar to have been
formed during the Industrial Revolution, whenthu-
manity gouged great holes into Gaia and raped herof
herbounty on sucha large scale for the first time, A few
Galliards say that versions of the Scar existed long
prior to that time — that even @g far back asilmperial
Rome, the Scar was festering im the Umbra. Most
shapeshifters, though, scoff at this, claim,efor surely,
they say, they would have done something about

Simply put, the Scar is a Vast spiritual gulag,
devoted solely to"melting down hapless ‘spirits: for
their Gnosis and Essénce. It is a realm of a thousand
smokes, each fouler thatithe rést; 6f clanking gears

acne
theair isso aie _ —
it's day or night, a a

The emanations that
term) in the Scar are wan}
only to run the machinegof the!
that one spirit after another is broken down for its
Gnosis. Their "lives" are a mockery' of ind A
hour work weeks, appalling Working ‘conditions,
benefits or overtime, ane
"dereliction ofduty" neon loss of their
meager energy wage (mostofwhich goes into the maws
of the slumlords anyway) to outright termination.
These creatures work to exist and exist to work.

At least they're not as pathetic as the homeless
derelicts forced to eke out an existence on the Scar's
streets. Emanations who make the slightest of petty
mistakes or simply can't keep up with the pace of the

‘no future. Puntlienee a

machines find themselves terminated from their posts,
evicted from their flats, and on the skids. Legions of
urchins and bums lurch about the streets, futilely
begging for a bit of energy. Their presence is tolerated,
even encouraged, by the barons of industry — for they
are often rounded up and used as fuel for the eternally
clanking machines.

Over the whole lot is a mob of petty overseers:
Scrags, spiders, and other Banes and Weaver-spirits
that act as the foremen for the factories. Perpetually
enforcing labyrinthine regulations and punishing the
slightest infraction, these spirits keep the factories
Moving. The constant threat of demotion, combined
with their inherent nature, makes these spirits among
the worst and most wretched of tyrants.

The factories themselves endlessly churn out pat-
iyebs, tainted fetishes, and just plain crap. They're
¢s, of corrugated siding, rusting pipes,
rs, loose wiring, sparks, dim fluores-
ly hot ovens, and reeking smoke. It's
ar that an emanation isn't burned
ated, or ground up in the gears. The
aes run 24-7, and any slacking is punished
ar shock batons liberally laid into the back.
tories are paradises compared to the
ills. These firetraps work at an even

aver webbing to bolster the realm's
es the mills grow so overheated
ously burst into flame, incinerat-
ho one's allowed out during a
ih as long as the workers are

ffice buildings have been
the CyberRealm. What
g pits of Dilbertesque
of cubicles, deluged
them to perform one
‘One is promoted; no
‘One ever gets a rais leas of "vacation,"
"maternity leave" or "401 rovoke peals of laugh-
ter from the Scrag managers in their ill-fitting suits...
if they can be bothered to take their attention away
from the secretaries (not "administrative assistants" or
even "receptionists") they're sexually harassing. The
bathrooms are backed up, the phones are always ring-
ing off the hook, the copier is always jammed, and the

Chapter Two: The Realms 79

Le |
|


cm re SS

intercom continually blares out vapid message exhort-
ing "teamwork," "empowerment," or "total quality
paradigms." Employees who don't like it can always be
downsized onto the streets or (Gaia help them) de-
moted to the status of "intern."

Visitors to the Scar who are captured (and most
quickly are) are shanghaied into this system. They're
put to work in a factory or textile mill until they drop
from exhaustion, whereupon their Gnosis is siphoned
from them and the rest is thrown into, a ‘corpse-
grinding machine.

Upon capture, ashapeshifter automatically loses a
point of temporary Gnosis. Once enslaved
the stupefying miasma of the realm mean
shapeshifter must make one or more Willpo
even to contemplate escape. Failure co
shapeshifter one or more temporary Willpowerpoints.
Eventually, the shapeshifter will be just anoth
unless someone rescues her.

Fortunately, the nature of
tates escape plans. The rattletrap
easily sabotaged onset on fire to.
importantly, the batons typicall
and spiritual power er
reservoirs beneath thi
teries are torn open, Wy
area, recharging nearby ‘a

ficiently epee worker-
tempt an uprising..

their vietims in
(Q. If these bat-
I fill the ¢ entire

selves after the worst of
of these spirits owns on

ally competing for re!
these creatures have ga
from their parent Celest
doing what they need to,
proactive high-ranking"
Wyrm's hierarchies ha'
influence on their acti

The barons enforce:
men, a commonly util
the most brutal ema

Scrags. Any attempt
at an uprising or, w ion, is brutally put
down by the Guards juardsmen double as
racketeers, selling energy at grossly inflated prices to
the most desperate emanations. The barons tolerate
this behavior for now.

"a

Umbra

il

Most of the structures in the Scar are spun by Bane
Spiders, creatures of the Weaver who have been cor-
rupted by the Wyrm. These horrors sometimes serve
the barons as overseers, but are more often the tealm's
architects, planners and consultants, Bane Spiders
resemble other pattern spiders, but also know and use
Bane Charms.

Latng Market Mare

Interestingly enough, the Scar seems to be chang-
ing, possibly even fading. Learned Garou Theurges
speculate that, because the Scar is a remnant of the
Industrial Age that spanned the 19 and much of the
20% century, it is losing its dominant position in the
postindustrial Information Age, replaced by the wax-
ing strength of the CyberRealm. Simply put, the bleed-
ing-edge juice converters and data nodes of the
@yberRealm process Gnosis more efficiently than the
Obsolete, rickety factories of the Scar. Many of the
Bane-barons that formerly tyrannized the Scar are
attempting to upgrade to the CyberRealm's Pit and
Uptown locations, leaving their holdings in the Scar
a8 Scraps for their former underlings to battle over.
~ Nonetheless, while the CyberRealm is proving to
the rs of choice for the greatest Incarna
¢ First World, the Scar's work relent-

uch of the rest of the world. As First

ies have moved their manufacturing
to less developed countries, the Scar has
them, oozing along the Umbral pathways like
mechanical amoeba. In Russia, where impoverished

P § toil in the dilapidated factories of a shat-
he Scar is there. In the sweatshops of
nd the Philippines, the Scaristhere.
forests of the Amazon, the Scar is
y not be the most prestigious hell

} anymore, but Still may be the most industrious.

Cia

make them almost...
lose to the Scar note
overlays the realm,
lers. One can also
Zone.
Leaving the Scar iSmotspeasy, though. The Scar's
Gauntlet is among the most formidable in the Umbra
(strength of 9). To escape, a shapeshifter must step
sideways from the Scar into the Umbra. A shapeshifter
can also attempt to dream her way out; however, the
horror of the Scar makes it nearly impossible to dream
of escape, or indeed of anything at all.


Sjory Peshdibar
¢ A septmate has fallen into the clutches of Banes
and been taken to the Scar, where he's been forced into
servitude. The pack travels into the Scar to free him.
* At one time, the Rat totem itself was attempt-
ing to start a resistance movement in the Scar. Re-
cently, though, nothing has been heard from the
resistance. The characters are encouraged to attempt
to contact the resistance movement and find out
what its progress, if any, is.
¢ Anumber of spirits ina totem's brog
shanghaied, and were taken to the Scar:
processing. The totem demands a rescue
that, vengeance. If the pack is too late,
confronted with horrible, shoddy fetishes
tured from Stormcrows, Falcon eGafflings orw!
spirits they hold dear... P
¢ War between a Sear baro
CyberRealm Uptown has spilled \i
world, causing local economic disas
erased, factories are torched, and subsidi
dated. The Garouy
fighting, use the wa
holdings in the Sca
choices likely involve

overhangs everything, all sight
their difficulties increased by o1
stench of the place, all olfacto:
Scar have their difficulties

Ss

* Because of the palpable malaise that infects the
realm, all difficulties to Rage rolls are increased by
three. Likewise, all Primal-Urge difficulties are in-
creased by three. This includes rolls to change forms.

Spirits trapped within the Scar (not the Wyrm-
and Weaver-spirits native to the place) have nearly
no Gnosis or Essence. They are barely "alive," replen-
ishing just enough to keep them at a "starvation"
level. The predatory Banes who live here often snack
on these spirits.

¢ A shapeshifter who shatters a Gnosis battery
will gain asudden influx of temporary Gnosis, up to
her current maximum level. So do all other beings
in the area.

© Shapeshifters captured and put to work in the

stories have their Gnosis drained from them daily.
temporary point is siphoned per day of labor.

© To find one's way around the place, a

eshifter must roll Perception + Streetwise (diffi-
7, or 5 for Ratkin).

mediate area by one.
emanations and elementals toil in
duced to hopelessness by the miasma of
shapeshifter may attempt a Charisma +
(difficulty 7, adjusted up or down by
playing) to give hope to such a spirit.
then try to escape, or possibly render
shifter.
dulty to resist Harano is increased by
Fyiplace.

Chapter Two: The Realms

> Sn as

ENG


a AA"

Of all the Near Realms, the Summer Country is
the hardest realm to find and enter. In fact, it's so hard
to find that many Garou don't believe the place
exists. These shapeshifters scoff at tales of the place,
claiming them to be the result of a particularly lovely
(but ephemeral) Vista or simply too much Fianna
elderberry wine.

The Summer Country itself, if the tales are to
be believed, is a lush, verdant isle rising from an
ocean of purest azure. Here it is perpetually spring
and the sky is either crisp and clear or pouri
a gentle, nurturing rain. High in the sky
ing island, Cloudtop High}jwhich
aviary for flying creatures of
birds, bats, even a few pterod
freely ferry travelers to and from th
isle lies a great castle of vines, w
peoples may go to commune wit!

Countless species of flora and
which are extinct in the World of E
harmoniously here. Predators and pré
each understanding the role of the
laws of nature are still in eff
fulfill their assigned roles
prey as part of a sacre;
almost no pain. All
are reborn whole

Breeds, and spiri
another, treating each other and"
differences with respect. In this pla
exist in harmony and oneness with Gaia.

Besides Cloudtop High, several other geographi-
cal features remain constant from visit to visit. In the
Mountains of the Moon, travelers can experience the
rugged wilderness of the primordial earth. All man-
ner of species roam the craggy peaks, and this place is
where the creatures of the Summer Country go to
exert themselves and keep fit. The center of the
Mountains of the Moon is Mount Peace, the tallest
peak in the realm.

The Garden of Delight is an Edenic realm, where
new forms of life are continually being tested and
created. The fittest of these creatures are incarnated on
Earth as new species.

=

Umbra

ee

Summer Country

Two forests, the Forest of Longing and the Forest
of Promise, cover the east and west sides of the isle. In
the midst of the Forest of Promise lies the Enchanted
Glade, which houses a vast amphitheater. The amphi-
theater is where the realm's inhabitants come to gather,
discuss, and celebrate. The Forest of Longing is the
gateway to the Summer Country. Its paths are wan-
dered by those travelers who can't quite reach the state
of soul to journey to the rest of the isle: bitter cynics

love but can't quite do so. In the beautiful
Aging, these souls find some respite, but it

a lush turquoise lagoon formed
and west banks lies a
Self. This isle is the

he power source of the
the Self is the Well of
ig water. All who drink

any illnesses — mental or

tival who slighted her, the ex-lover who broke her
heart, the Black Spiral who tortured her packmate to
death? Most of all, can a Garou accept and love her
own weaknesses, failures, and faults? If this state of
acceptance and enlightenment is not attained, the
being will never enter Summer Country.

Some shapeshifters enter the realm through the
Forest of Longing (see below). By passing through
the Forest, the shapeshifter finds himself over-
whelmed with memories of happier times now faded,
Other shapeshifters can find the place through par-
ticularly happy and enlightening journeys through
the Dream Zone.

As Storyteller, use the Summer Country as a
reward for players who roleplay their characters' matu-


tation exceedingly well. Many characters — the
hardened Ahroun, the manipulative Ragabash, the
cynical Shadow Lord —should never visit the place
at all. The Summer Country is open only to those
who become truly one with Gaia, however briefly.

Upon leaving the realm, the memories of the
place often seem hazy and distant, like a faded
dream. It is this quality that leads many
shapeshifters to question the realm's existence. In
fact, the Summer Country is as real as any other
Near Realm. Once back in the material world,
however, the traveler's heart often hardens once
more into the rigors of daily life — and thus the
magic of the Summer Country fades and (in many
cases) is forgotten.

The Latter Daye

The taint of the Wyrm has not yet touched the
Summer Country, but the inhabitants of the realm
are not naive. They know that sooner or later, if
the Wyrm continues to grow strong, its taint will
reach even their soil. As such, the inhabitants of
the isle increasingly divide themselves into two
camps. One camp wishes to seal off the Summer
Country from the rest of the Umbra forever, giving
up Earth as lost and hoping to preserve a little
pocket of beauty and peace. The second camp
acknowledges that the fate of the Summer Country
depends on the fate of the rest of Gaia. These
beings advocate actively assisting the rest of Gaia's
creatures, opening the Summer Country as a place
of refuge and healing — even if it means risking
being overrun by the Wyrm. Of course, the wisest
among the Summer Country's inhabitants realize
that the dissent between the two camps is itself
divisive, and thus runs the risk of destroying the
Summer Country forever. However, their voices
go largely unheard amid the increasingly partisan
calls for separation or action.

Sjory Cesltdiblar

* Getting to the Summer Country has always
been difficult, but in recent times, since the emer-
gence of Anthelios, the journey seems nigh im-
possible. An elder Theurge charges the pack with
seeking out the realm, believing (perhaps rightly)
that unless Garou continue to find their way to
the Summer Country, it will wither and fade
without their support.

* A great Garou warrior, one of the most legend-
ary werewolves in the World of Darkness, has finally
passed into the Summer Country to dwell. Unfortu-
nately, the Wyrm's minions threaten, and only this
hero can effectively deal with the threat. The pack


AZ

must somehow find their way to the Summer Country
and convince the weary warrior to return to Earth. The
leave-taking will be bitter for both the warrior and the
pack, since they know that, once gone, they might
never be able to return.

¢ A shapeshifter might seek to enter the Summer
Country to cleanse himself ofa terminal illness or soul-

sickness — though truly soul-sick creatures rarely find
the realm in the first place.

Laws of the Rea

In order to enter the Summer Country, a
shapeshifter must come to an inner epiphany. She
must enter a state of true love and respect for all
creatures, including herself. While in the Summer
Country, should a shapeshifter act differently from
this idealized state, she is summarily transported

from the realm back into the Near Umbra or the
material world, with only a vague memory of her
time in the Summer Country.

* Characters who leave the Summer Country may
return to the material world at any moment in time
after they left. They may return to the spot at which
they entered, or they may return to another place of
their choosing, so long as that place is filled with the
nurturing energy of Gaia.

© Violence and death are not impossible in the
realm, but all creatures that are injured or killed are
completely restored to health with the coming of
the next dawn.

© Pain may exist in the realm, but it is fleeting
and never agonizing. All wound penalties are halved,
rounding down.


This realm, which the Garou know as Wolfhome,
isone of the strangest of the Near Realms. Most Garou
Philodox are certain the realm exists to teach the
shapeshifters lessons in humility and harmony with
Gaia. In Wolfhome, a shapeshifter's mightiest powers
are stripped from him, and he is forced to live as a
hunted animal does. So he will remain until he truly
comes to understand and accept his beast nature, at
which time he may leave the realm.

Upon entering the fealm, all shapeshifters are
forced into their Lupus (or €quivalent) forms: Garou
become wolves, Mokolé becomeerocodilians, Ananasi
metamorphose into Crawlerling: forttiyetc. They had

assume |
mentality of an anifal. Nor only, can. ong a
not interact normally with the human inhabitants of
the realm, they can: wevenfelly understand them. (si i

shapeshifters in W.
fearful and inco 2
stand why the haimans:

ground, or ti ant oe caves that
strange odors, or §pewing forth ‘tracks ¢ f hot
congeal into rocky black "a

armored beasts speed.

humans are |

ligentas they ever were, many ot
are lost. Storytellers should enforce'
example, shapeshifters can't fead any
signs, and they can couns@nlyt
Unlike the realm's
understand the hu » but they might
have tomake Intelligeneerollsto nindenitangRoricents
like "200," "laboratory or "key to the cage door." In
order to convey the proper mindset of Wolfhome
characters, we recommend books such as Watership
Down or even Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH or the
films The Bear or Twilight of the Cockroach.

As well as shapeshifters, various animal-spirits
dwell in the realm. All animals can communicate with
each otherand the shapeshifters, and animals typically
display the sorts of personalities one would expect of
them (a turtle is slow-paced and ponderous, a weasel
hyperactive and vicious, a fox cunning, etc.). A few of
the animals, particularly the dogs, are turncoats in

———————EEEee

a

Woffhome

Chapter Two: The Realms

service to the humans; the rest of the realm's beasts
tevile these quislings.

All animals are on the run from the mysterious
humans that dwell within the realm. What exactly the
humansare trying todo isagreat mystery tothe realm's
animals. All they know is that the humans are danger-
ous and hostile. Some humans fly above the woods in
strange whirly-monsters (helicopters), killing wolves
and other creatures with fire-sticks (guns). Other
humans capture animals anditake them to foul-smell-
ing cages where they're x6rtured, shocked and injected
with chemicals thatmake them sick.

The realmuitself resembles a cross between rustic
countryside and suburbia. ‘Human settlements
tealm, mostly suburbs and farms. Here and
there, laboratories and camps spring up behind electri-
fied fences, off limits to visitors. Animals taken here
find themselves subject to all forms of systematic

Eng'

_ abuse, Even in the deeper countryside, scientific out-

fe setons ensure that the humans' steel

The dange? posed alshapeshifter in the realm
a onthe animal fo rm of the character in

thedrealm — ifo ome considers "safety"

synonymous with Coristant vigilance for predators

hawks and owls inthe ease of ravens, nearly anything
ease of spiders), KkidSwith BB guns, extermina-

Nagah have néarly as good a chance as Ananasi —
there area lotofplacesifor a snake to hide. Once they're
discovered, though, the good folk of Wolfhome will do
everything in their power t crush the wicked serpent
beneath their heel.

Werewolves might be able to pass themselves off as
German shepherds or other large dogs (the human
emanations of Wolfhome are tellingly ignorant). Of
course, as strays, they'll be in danger of being rounded
up and taken toa shelter. Otherwise, as wolves, they'll
be mercilessly hunted.

Gurahl and Mokolé are pretty much S.O.L. Mokolé
might be able to slither into the sewers under The
Town; otherwise, though, they're best staying out in
the countryside. A bear wandering about in Wolfhome
will probably be rounded up for experimentation, sent
to the zoo, or summarily shot by a forest ranger.

mae

—_—————————————

If, Gaia forbid, a Rokea ends up in Wolfhome, it
will assume the animal form ofa bull shark, enabling it
to survive in fresh water. It will be very noticeable,
though, and its best bet is to swim to sea. Even there,
though, fishermen, oil spills, orcas, dolphin pods, and
other sharks make life problematic.

Woffhome for Now-Wofvat

Obviously, "Wolfhome" is just the name the
Garou use for this realm; however, werewolves
are the most common travelers to find the place
(with the exception of Ratkin, who wind up near
"camps" in far greater numbers than they like).
Werewolves are the only surviving Changing
Breed to have lost closé animal kin to actual
domestication (the occasional tame rat or tiger is
a far cry from the widespreadichange of wolf to
dog). They have also been, whether the other
Fera like it or nor, the dominant Changing Breed
on the planet for al@hgititne, and certai
most famous in human folklore: As a rest
Wolfhome is skewed considerably toward «
wolf experience; ifthe Bastet had won the War of
Rage, or if bears had become truly domesticatédy
things might have turned out different

In fact, most Fera races don't
Wolfhome at all. The Nuwisha and Corax, expert
Umbral travelers both, know about as,
Garou do. The Nuwisha call ic"Wolfhome":
werewolves do; the Corax havé taken
"Human Paradise." The Ratkin simply call

The Town

The principal area of Wolfhome is
as The Town. Most humans live in
place stinks, and thetfiimals forced to survive there
are desperate indeed, Some are captured by, humans,
forced to live out their lives in cages where human
children leer and poke at them, Other Town dwellers,
particularly dogs and wolves, roam the poorer neigh-
borhoods in feral packs, on the run from uniformed
humans who try to round them up or kill them out-
right. There's not much to eat, so animals in The Town
often fight with each other over the pickings from
garbage cans and dumpsters.

A few humans in the Town — particularly families
with children —are kinder than the rest. Werewolves
might possibly be able to pass themselves off as dogs
and be adopted as pets. Besides the humiliation of such
aruse, there's always the danger that "humane" society
employees will discover that the "dog" is actually a
wolf, then attempt to take it toa shelter. Then, too, a

Garou's most primal instincts often come out in such
a place; a werewolf who's mocked by the Siamese cat
across the street or whose tail is pulled by the family
baby must make a roll to avoid frenzy.

The Sewert

Some animals — Bone Gnawers, Ratkin, and
Mokolé, for example — might try to make ago of living
in the sewers beneath Wolfhome. This is feasible —
the place stinks, and it's covered in filth, but there's
plenty of food washed down from above. The problem
is, many of the area's permanent residents — packs of
dogs and rats, as well as some big gators —would rather
feast on something a little more... fresh.

Shofiors

The term "shelter" is@ mistiomer; in Wolfhome,
these are nightmarish places. Characters are thrown

into dimly lit, smellyperamped cages with various feral
animals. Filthy gangy and sometimes rabid dogs, cats

they're not known for their politeness. At the
characters might be injected with all sorts of
strange drugs, or perhaps even neutered (yes, the
riate parts will regenerate, but sucha a

pitiore obviously dangerous animals get taken
(or, for Rokea, the aquarium). For
shapeshifters, the zoo)is like being sent to prison.
‘They're locked in concrete cages, kept behind metal
while noisy, foul-smelling humans gape and jeer
‘boredom is maddening, and while some
Gf the zookeepersiare humane, others are ignorant or
outright Sadistic, Then, too, the animals in the zoo
have a distinct pecking order, and new character:
assumed to be at the bottém unless they prove other-
wise. As with any prison blogk, there's usually an alpha
male of the appropriate species, surrounded by a gang
of thugs and bullies. Characters placed in the commu-
nal cages must submit to the alpha's dominance or
fight — and fighting will likely bring down the wrath
of the zookeeper on the newcomer's head.

The Comps

"Camp" is a generic term for any of the numerous
laboratories and medical centers that dot Wolfhome.
Presumably, different camps serve different purposes.
The animals of Wolfhome don't care. All they know is
that being taken toa camp is synonymous with a slow,
painful death. In camps, animals are injected with
strange chemicals that make them sick, subjected to

86 Umbra

naa:

ee

sad

Fr.


grueling experiments, put in mazes and forced to find
their way out, starved, and otherwise ill-treated. If a
character acts too "smart," she might gain the notice of
acurious researcher; this can be good or very, very bad.

The Countryside

In the deep countryside, animals still run free. It's
the best chance for survival any of the larger
shapeshifters have. However, it's still a dangerous
place. Much of the countryside is divided into hunt-
ing grounds for various established predators — wolf
packs, bears, and the like. Trespassing on another
creature's hunting ground is cause for a brutal fight,
since the ever-expanding city ensures there's only so
much countryside to go around. On the positive side,
a Garou who defeats a wolf pack's alpha may assume
leadership of the pack.

Even in the countryside, humans are a decided
threat, Bands of hunters roam the area, shooting ani-
mals for sport. Some hunt their prey from the air, firing
from helicopters. Teams of researchers attempt to
capture wild animals, either to experiment on them or
to study them.

Oopey and Eof

Few characters choose to enter Wolfhome. Gen-
erally, characters that have gotten "too big for their
britches" and neglected their duties to Gaia —
streetwise Glass Walkers or Ratkin, ruthless Shadow
Lords, and other characters overly concerned with
human ambition, greed and pride — somehow find
their way there. Few moon bridges consciously lead to
Wolfhome, though shapeshifters have occasionally
entered the place from the Dream Zone.

Exiting Wolfhome, though, is not a matter of
physically leaving the realm. To exit Wolfhome, one
must get in touch with one's animal nature, truly
understanding what it means to be a beast. The precise
form this metamorphosis takes, and the moment at
which it occurs, are up to the Storyteller's discretion;
a trip to Wolfhome is meant to be an object lesson
rather than a mere "adventure." At the Storyteller's
option, characters might be trapped in Wolfhome
until they accumulate sufficient experience points to
purchase a level of Survival or Primal-Urge; once they
do so, they may exit the realm.

ory Petipa

* Characters must journey to Wolfhome to rescue
a trapped septmate. The septmate has completely
succumbed to its animal nature, but rather than break-
ing free of the realm, he has begun living likea hunted
animal. The characters must find him and "work him
through" the process of leaving Wolfhome.

arene


AA

Agents of the Wyrm or Weaver have decided to
use Wolfhome as a base of operations. The characters
must foil the enemy's advance agents, while simulta-
neously staying alive in a hostile environment.

© A character voluntarily enters the realm, as
part of a test or visionquest — cr perhaps the charac-
ter is ordered there by her sept as a punishment for
hubris. Surviving such an ordeal will likely bring
Honor and Wisdom Renown — or at least restore
lost Honor and Wisdom.

Laut of foe Redo

© A shapeshifter in Wolfhome is trapped in its
normal animal form and may not assume any other
form. Even partial transformations are impossible.

© The "animal mind" limits characters' ability to
understand the humans. They cannot comprehend
written human languages while in Wolfhome. While
they can understand human speech, they may be
required to make Intelligence rolls to decipher the
meaning or to understand the more abstract concepts.

¢ Humans in Wolfhome tend to fear and dislike
most animals. Ananasi and Corax are not in as much
danger, but even they tend to get shot at by hunters,
farmers or bored children or stepped on by disgusted
soccer moms.

 Inordertousea Gift in Wolfhome, ashapeshifter

must expend a Gnosis pointand make a Willpower roll
against a difficulty of 5+ the level of the Gift. This cost
is in addition to any other prerequisites of the Gift.

Gifts invoked in Wolfhome last a maximum of three
turns, even if their effects are normally permanent.

© No rites of any sort work in Wolfhome.

* Ironically, characters might well have to "think
like the humans" (i.e., make Intelligence rolls to
understand abstract concepts) to survive in
Wolfhome. Doing so too often, though, makes it
harder and harder to "understand one's animal na-
ture" and thus be free of the realm.

¢ None of the denizens of Wolfhome are aware
that they are spirits.

* All spirits not native to Wolfhome must be
bound to a Garou or dedicated talisman before enter-
ing the realm; otherwise, they automatically enter
dormancy for as long as they are in the realm.

The only way to leave Wolfhome is to come to
a true understanding of one's animal side (as deter-
mined by the Storyteller).

© Shapeshifters may not breed with the spirit-
creatures of Wolfhome.

Qphhonal Lane

© Shapeshifters who use experience to buy Ani-
mal Ken, Primal-Urge or Survival after their first
visit to Wolfhome need pay one fewer point than
normal to purchase the next level. Also, they may
use a story in Wolfhome as justification for increas-
ing these three Abilities.

© In general, assume all Knowledges except Enig-
mas have been stripped from characters in Wolfhome.


Other Unbred Dornaiat

The Umbra is a place of infinite dimension and
infinite possibility. The realms familiar to the Garou
constitute only a small fragment of the immensity that
is the spirit world.

Note that new realms are being created all the
time. Spirit-beings of Incarna level or higher may
reshape Umbral ephemera into a domain of their
choosing, just as the Garou totems did to create the
tribal homelands. On a lesser level, Jagglings often
create Umbral pockets for themselves, while Bastet are
known to form personal den-realms.

The Tila Vlornfanat

Each werewolf tribe maintains aspirit "homeland"
in the Umbra. These realms are ruled by the tribal
totem. They are sacred places, not to be entered
lightly; Garou entering these regions had best be in
excellent standing within their tribes. Generally speak-
ing, only tribe members of Ranks 4+ may freely enter
the homelands, and admission of non-tribe members is
forbidden exceptin dire emergencies. Poor behaviorin
atribal homeland is grounds for significant Honor loss.

Slack Firhat sie
In keeping with thé Furies' origin, their tribal
homeland isa wilderne: m reminiscent of mythi-
cal Greece. The
numerous isles an
sea. Pines ani

into a turquoise

hills, while the

"performed
Eecffor the spirits.
A is decorate the landscape —
here the Furies have borne
children is represented Somewhere in the realm. Here
the Furies, under their mew leader Cassandra Shadow-
Walker, hold their Moots. Formerly, no males were
allowed to enter on pain of death; in these End Times,
though, the ban has been relaxed, as the Furies prepare
for the end of all things. Still, males had best not enter
without permission, particularly during the Furies'
bloodthirsty rites.

Black Sptref Dancers

Originally, this nightmarish place belonged to the
White Howlers. Now, this realm has assumed the
characteristics of its Wyrm-tainted denizens, seething

Eefacchand to show oni
All manner ofbuil
mostly Grecian, but

SN es

in misery as it spirals away from the'ether realms and

m vista of
tering, its
ozone layér eaten' h smokes and
vapors and poisons th; m count-
less pits in the' eta
and Phosphor
smelling tarns my 0;
waft, thro the':
lands@ape,
spiderweb across the
into the satimated
disgusting, and ve
to conduct the a

The true domain, however, lies underground, in
vast networks off taves that honeycomb the subter-
ranean reaches of tH€tealm. The entire realm is
considered one monstrous hive. The caves are lined
with fungi and flickering balefire; grotesque Jagglings
make their homes in the deeper recesses of the
labyrinth. Here the Black Spirals congregate for
their insane rites.

Bone Cinapert
The Bone Gnawer homeland resembles a public
park, surrounded by the | e
unitate overflow wii
restaurants are opel

and fat cattle. —s
A subway system connects the various areas of the
domain, as well as with various other Umbral areas
such as the CyberRealm. The turnstiles to the subway
are perpetually brakes so everyone rides for free. Rat
area, dispensing gos-

an claim to know anyth i
Silent Strider tales give any
icture of an empty reflection of the Australian
ack, a Dreamtime for the dead where the ghosts
of Marsupial Great Beasts hunt down any foreign

spirit@rhat enter the realm. Perhaps these stories are

Chapter Two: The Realms ~ 89


ae AA

true — perhaps they're only an educated guess. None-
theless, many Silent Striders and other Garou have
set out in search of the realm, in hopes that they
might find some vital secret there that might guide
them to victory in the Apocalypse.

Mitiven of Gata
The Children of
gently rolling plains:
humans live in
realm is criss-ci
water that run {©
tivers are a few

is a lush area of

by streams of pure, refreshing
central pair of rivers; along these

Occasionally, att
herd cropping'thi

"e
i ance:
are shy, but ; i ho
them*hon 0] z 7 a itn)
Upon ent sring th 's al homeland,
each shapeshifter gals a unic mae (p. 107) for

the duration of its visit.

Dotan
A ghostly, deserted rea'
land lies devoid of inhal
are long gone, Gai
come here on que

European co! et i i .
pine forests, grasslands and empty seas offer their
barren vistas to travelers.

Farpa

The Fianna homel:
classical legend. The dl
shades of green. Hil!
scape, and stag-spiri
forests here range

mbles the Europe of
adorned in countless
ind dales dot the land-
poss the realm. The
light and inviting to thick
s of all sorts also congregate
here. The fresh ai ed with the sounds of revelry
and merriment, and mug
verdant land.
The land
ally, visiting s|
Hunt. A few mo
Arcadia Gateway.

Ch of Fiwrlt
Like the tribe itself, the Get of Fenris homeland
is a harsh realm. Stark fjords, bleak tundra, and

i e "drafted" to join the
ad from the realm to the

a

gloomy expanses of taiga er ill realm of per-
i xertion and vigor, not

erds of mammoth

he

land, aitdhiere the Get

ight, drink, and fight some

ad glory are told (or made)

here. Fights pl
lodge restores a

ymeland, the future is now.
an extension of the
dsis(Mte City as the Glass
ers of glittering steel and
red with garden
msportation and

ting of hovercars,

Thought by some
CyberRealm, the hor
Walkers would make:
glass cut through tb
levels and builtéi
communication are
maglev trains, an
The Glass Wall
i cent years, many of the
ology has simply ceased
corridors, and the trains
e Glass Walkers have
ning, but thus far

to work. Robots
don't always run
tried to figure
even Cockro:

Red Talont

The Red Talon homeland is a panorama of nature
gone mad. The landscape is one of wild, tangled forests
inhabited by a shrieking menagerie of i
extinct species crash through ths
peting for prey with the savag:
howl through the land. Hum:
come here; even homids
Griffin to vouch for then
prey for the predators

The populat:
len to near overp

more on the Earth's face.

The riotous growth of the wilderness seems almost
to match Pangaea itself; vines and undergrowth tangle
all but the most-used animal paths. A few Talons
whisper that the realm has overcompensated, takingin
too much of the Wyld. The usual answer is that no

see ailinalti pee ieain


other place is willing to serve as refuge for the perse-
cuted member of the Triat.

Shadow Lordt
The Great Mountain, a lofty structure taller than
Everest, dominates) magof the Shadow Lords.
ble actoss" the moun-
tain, casting eternal shadow over theplains and peaks

below..On thease ‘peaks cer forttesses,

ere these

‘takesithe fortress will
becoret filer of thee entire Garou Nation. Many Lords
have tried to climb the mountain. Most have disap-
peared, anda few have come back ravingmad. Nonethe-
less, the attempts continue.

Below the mountain, the realm is filled with
heavy, forbidding forests, rocky hills and crashing
tivers. Stormcrows roost in the high treetops, acting as
Messengers between the various Shadow Lord en-
claves. Legend has it that across the sea to the north of
the Great Mountain, an extensive island kingdom is

home to the Hakken ancestors, the forebears of the
Eastern Shadow Lords of the Beast Courts.

Went Syesjers

Among the Garou, the Silent Striders are re-
nowned (or infamous) for having no Umbral home-
land. As the story goes, the land has been lost in the
mistsdflegend andno moon paths i re anymore.

onlit, ie realm is a

sand, dotted here and there by obelisks and other
weathered monuments covered with hieroglyphics.

The homeland can still be reached, but it's diffi-
cult. To reach it, a Strider would have to use the Gift:
Gate of the Moon versus a difficulty of 10. Once
there, he appears on the shores of the River of Life
and Death, where the ancient werewolf Wepauwet
(p. 142) awaits him. Wepauwet will certainly dis-
pense advice and gifts to the traveler, but will just as
surely ask him to undertake quests against the mon-
strous vampire minions of the Dark God Set, ances-
tral enemy of the Silent Striders.

Nor Fangy

The homeland of the Silver Fangs is as majestic as
would be expected of such a land. It resembles a noble
preserve of the Old Country, with great swaths of the
countryside resembling nothing less than the Russian
steppes. Castles dot the land, interspersed with woods

SN Ns es

full of game and sweeping mountain ranges. Any
Silver Fang who comes to the Jand will be accompa-

Le feasts, masques andother entertainment
lifts the Spilits,of weaty-heroes.

Upon closet inspection, the astute trayéler notes
that the castles are all crumbling, the mountains
eroding, and the trees are taken by rot. The proud
banners of the castles have been torn by the wind,
and the moats are clogged with algae and scum. Only
those not of the Silver Fang tribe can see this. The
decay is not all-pervasive, and portions of the realm
still shine with some glory, but things appear grim for
the ruling tribe.

Utena

The Uktenafhomeland is a potpourri of what
much of the Pure Lands looked. like before the
Wyrmcomets: EameaDeciduotts forestsefthe South-
east mingle with the'praitieg of the Midwest and the
deserts of the,Sotithwest. Emanations of lost Native
American tribes dwell here as they did prior to
European colonization, Many spirits of the forgot-
ten Native American myths dwell here as well.
Portions of the realmyalso refleet.the homelands of
many of the other ¢ultures that the Uktena have
come to breed with; an island resembling Ainu
Japan, mountains like/those of South America and
even a swath of land resembling sub-Saharan Africa
all dot the landscape' here and there.

Uktena Skywalkers Come here to sit in council,
occasionally inviting Bastet, Corax, and Nuwisha.
Some say that the Uktena occasionally drum up the
spirits of the Dark Umbra as well. In any event, the
realm is a repository of wisdom for the Uktena re-
sourceful enough to make it here.

Wendlgo

This realm i isa polar land of glacial ice and bitter

ape The pine forests are eiay
s Sparse enough that a Wendigo
Ben the lands like the plains
merica are_inemid*Wwinter,
thinksGreat furred beasts of
‘and monstrous orcas crash
the frigid oceans.
ther than the UktenaandGurahl

=
are pel ere... not that most others would want
tocome. The Wendigo come here to gaze at the aurora

Chapter Two: The Realms 91

eee

aw


Seren errno ree nari arr er a re smarrenanereeh

borealis and search for prophecies and omens. Before Ed iA 4
attaining Rank 5, a Wendigo must make a pilgrimage Pe
here as part of a visionquest. r
Gates to Pangaea, the Legendary Realm, the
Aetherial Realm, the Uktena realm, and Wendigo's
totem realm exist here in deep glacial caves. The
Wendigo use these gates to launch surprise attacks on
their enemies.

JSrargazert

The Stargazers' tribal homeland is smaller than
any of the others, perhaps because of the tribe's much-
diminished numbers. Thé sky is always clear here; the
sun shines only faintly during the day, and the stars
stretch from horizdn to horizon withéxceptional clar-
ity at night. The landscape is simplc, forested platcau
surrounded by snéw-eapped qiountains faintly remi-
niscent of the Himalayas} Stargazers sometimes go
mountain climbingialongside the SA6W leopards to
clear their thétghts-

Food is plentifal here, bubcompany is not; many of
the Stargazers*who! venture here do so alone. The
realm seems to reassure even the most pack-minded
shapeshifter, making solitude a less stressful thing.
Meditation followed by sleep is an almost sure way to
enter the Dream Zone from here, if that's what one is
interested in doing.

The Stargazer homeland has drifted ever so slightly
away from the others with the tribe's separation from
the Garou Nation. Itwould seem that the realm echoes
its tribe in more than one way; if the Stargazers seek to
pursue their destiny apart from the other tribes, the
homeland may do the same.

The Tapettey

Notall places in the World of Darkness follow the
same customs, rules, and laws, and this is equally true
of the Umbra. In particular, the spirit worlds of Asia,
commonly referred to as the Tapestry, have different
denizens, strictures, and natures from other places in
the Umbra.

The Asian Umbra is in constant flux between the
eternal spirit-energies of Yin (passive, "negative" en-
ergy) and Yang (active, "positive" energy). Everything
in the Tapestry is composed of Yin, Yang, or various
proportions of the two in balance or imbalance.

Much as with the 13 Near Realms commonly
known among the Garou, there are various realms in
the Tapestry aspected to one energy type or the
other. Some of these Yin and Yang realms seem to be
manifestations of the Near Realms in the Tapestry,
while others are unknown outside of the Eastern
Umbra. Yin Realms tend to be quiet, peaceful, and/

Pr ar

or gloomy places, inM@bired by the spirits of the
wibrant, active, and
inhabited by hosts of
ry

dead; Yang realms te:
alive (often tétrifyi
seething spirits atid eleme ;

Legends sa thatthe vi is Lords and Incarnae
of the Tapestry were! united in a great Heav-
enly bureaucracy, uit an August Spirit Emperor
of old. Though this Ei yr (if it ever existed) has
long departed, and spirit courts of the
Tapestry largely.eOnduct themsel¥es.as they will,
the memory of the ancient ways remains among the
spirits. Protocols and matters of etiquette tend to be
much stricter than # ey are in@othér realms, and
visitors seeking r@ Curry the*Papestry lords' favor
would do well 2 take heed f honorifics, greeting
customs and,éther social mi iecties.

The shapeshiftersofthe t, known as hengeyokai,
tend to be much ¢ cognizant of théir Tapestry and
its inhabitants thansh peshiftemofother lands are of
their spirit neighbors. Jaunts into the Tapestry occur
with some frequency, and alliances with spirit "nushi"
(masters) irrevogably bind) itire™families of
sige tol | patrons.

vacks (known as
sentai) dedicated rving the ancient
ways within a0 § These "mountain sentai"
travel the Tapestry as much as they'do the physical
world, and they aré quite familiar with the local spirit
courts and power-players.

Yang Reatat | a

There are cabs RSS Yar Realms, for it is the
nature of Yang fo propagate tsélfand spread ever
outward.

* The Realm of Fighting.

with the Near Réalm known as "Battleground.
Similarly to the Battleground, mobs of warring spirits
do battle across the landscape. Here, the boiling oil of
the Warring States can scorch the fuselage of a Soviet-
purchased MIG fighter, and katana-wielding samurai
test themselves against the guns of the Viet Cong.

* Umi, the Dragon Kingdom of the Sea

This vast Yang Realm encompasses all the under-
water realms of the Tapestry. Spirits of shark, squid,
jellyfish and other sea creatures serve as viceroys to the
lord of the Sea. Schools of Rokea serve as the realm's
vanguard and samurai, maintaining order among the
often-unruly spirit denizens.

Un Reabot

Likewise, there are numerous Yin Realms, all
radiating outward from the Yellow Springs of the Dark
Kingdom of Jade.

INN es

© Lord Spider's Web

This Yin Realm is far from the other realms of the
Tapestry, and some hengeyokai speculate that itmight
be a tributary of the Near Realm known as the Abyss.
The realm consists of a monstrous web that crosses a
gulf so wide that one edge cannot be seen from the
other. The web winds every which way across the gulf,
strands leading up, down, and in all directions. Within
the web, countless spirits and relics are trapped, coated
over with sticky strands. Travelers who can discern
which strands are sticky and which are not may at-
tempt to walk the web; those who fail will be trapped,
coated over with strands, and lost forever.

Those who have traversed the web say the strands
eventually lead out of the Yin Realms entirely. Fur-
thermore, some shapeshifters believe that the strands
occasionally vibrate and twitch, particularly as one
draws closer to the web's center. These shapeshifters
wonder if perhaps some monstrous battle is being
waged far down in the dark.

[The Tapestry is described in more detail in
Hengeyokai: Shapeshifters of the East.]

The Meror Lome

This weird realm is never entered intentionally.
Instead, it's a trap, triggered by shapeshifters who
botch Gnosis rolls while maneuvering from Earth to
Umbra or vice versa. Like most good traps, it's subtle;
victims often don't figure out they're in the Mirror
Zone until it's too late.

No one knows exactly why the Mirror Zone
exists. Then again, its true nature is also a matter of
conjecture. The most accepted theory is that it's a
sliver of reality that broke away from both Earth and
the Umbra when the Gauntlet rose, separating mat-
ter and spirit. The Mirror Zone is, in fact, a series of
seemingly infinite alternate realities — an endless
parade of "What Ifs" that differ in one way or
another from the real world (if, in fact, the "real
world" is the real world and not just another mirror
in the Mirror Zone...).

Some Mirror Zone realities are subtle, insidi-
ously so. The world seems just like the one the
shapeshifter left, butsomething (or things) is slightly
askew, A character's best friend has never met him
before in her life. A former lover is still involved
with the character, or the character's dead parents
are still alive in this world. Sometimes, characters
might stay for weeks in the Mirror Zone before they
realize the differences.

Other realities are quite different. The Garou lost
the War of Rage; or, conversely, the Impergium never

ended. The Leeches that haunt the cities don't exist —

Chapter Two: The Realms 93


Oo,

or they openly rule the mortals. The Roman Empire
never fell; the Third Reich conquered the world; the
1969 moon landing discovered aliens or faeries; Kenny
G. became President-for-Life of the United States in a
coup backed by Jesse Ventura.... The possibilities are
endless. Some pilgrims have even deliberately traveled
to the Mirror Zone, in search of a particular alternate
reality — perhaps one where a dead lover still lives, or
articularly challenging foe can be brought down
again. However, no one has yet discovered a reliable
way tosift through the infinite possibilities of the Mirror
Zone to find the right one. Likewise, objects and persons
brought from the Mirror Zone immediately vanish; a
would-be Orpheus can't travel into the Mirror Zone to
rescue a clone of his lost love.

Getting out of the Mirror Zone is difficult. Typi-
cally, to leave, one must solve the problems presented
by the realm, rectifying the differences and setting
things "straight." At this point, the Zone effectively
becomes Earth, and the character is expelled to the
point at which he originally entered the Umbra.

The Ni Zone

A truly weird place, the Null Zone is like an
"Umbra behind the Umbra." It's practically impossible
to find —shapeshifters can try, but it requires a Gnosis

aa

roll versus a difficulty of 10. Otherwise, a few strange
Umbral pathways might lead there, but finding them
is a matter of sheer chance. Even the same paths don't
lead to the Null Zone twice.

The Null Zone is a series of warm, wet, almost
womblike tunnels. Scattered throughout the tunnels
are various windows depicting scenes from a variety of
places, both earthly and Umbral. Some shapeshifters
compare being in the Null Zone to walking around
backstage at a funhouse.

Characters may watch any of the scenes, and may
enter the scenes by stepping through the windows.
Once characters exit the Null Zone, they're in what-
ever place they were viewing, and they can't return to
the Null Zone.

Debris litters the Null Zone, and various weird,
lost spirits wander aimlessly through the place. Be-
cause the Zone has no ephemera, spirit powers don't
work here, and the spirits can't even see the exits to the
place. The laws of space and time don't seem to apply
here; characters may travel backwards and forwards
through time and may transport themselves across vast
distances through the Null Zone. Characters may
attempt to use the Zone as a shortcut between any two
points they wish. Navigating through the place is

Umbra

Bris

je Ay

extraordinarily difficult, though (Intelligence + Enig-
mas, difficulty 10, 5 successes required to find the exact
destination). A botch typically transports the charac-
ter into a much worse, much more dangerous place,
such as Malfeas.

The Dreae Zone

The Dream Zone is one of the "largest" of the
subrealms; in many ways, it'sarealm unto itself. Itcan't
be reached via moon bridges. However, shapeshifters
may easily transport themselves to Dream simply by
going to sleep in the Penumbra.

Upon entering the Dream Zone, a shapeshifter
is enveloped ina cloud of opalescent mist shrouding
a faint gleam. The character is drawn through the
mist and into the realm of Dream. The Zone is
analogous to an immense gem of infinite facets;
each facet is an entire tapestry, the contents of one
particular dream. Upon first entering Dream, the
character will see images from his own dream. If the
character wishes, he may explore further, walking
into others' dreams. Even deeper are the archetypal
facets — areas embodying the primal aspects that
dreams encompass. Examples of these facets include
blood, drowning, falling, love, cars, and nearly any-
thing else imaginable. Each facet draws the charac-

INN ee

ter into a particular chain of events; when these
events end, the character may end the dream or fall
into another facet.

Some shapeshifters undergo dreamquests — jour-
neys through a series of interconnected facets that
collectively tela larger story. Forexample, a character
may fall into a dream-facet embodying drowning; the
character finds himself suffocating in a milky liquid.
Uponsinking for the third time, the character seems to
wake up — but instead he's fallen into the facet of
imprisonment, where he's manacled and helpless to
act. A gaoler comes to him, wielding a headsman's axe,
which decapitates the character — who promptly
jumps to another dream-facet, this one embodying
wind. The character is being buffeted about in a vast
hurricane. Finally, this dream ends and the character
awakens. How he interprets the dreamquest is up to
him, but clearly he's feeling helpless in the face of some
larger situation. Now he's got to figure out what that
situation (a duty, a relationship, a peril) is.

Characters may leave Dream in several ways. The
easiest is by waking up. Characters may try to wake
themselves up by rolling Willpower (difficulty 10).
Characters who end a dreamquest automatically leave
Dream. Sometimes, characters may simply walk out of
Dream to somewhere else in the Umbra.


Though the Umbra contains no life as we know it,
itis an active environment just the same. The Umbra
houses spirits of all descriptions, attitudes, and levels of
power. Though more "sentient" than animals and
even largely more "aware" than humans, spirits are
nonetheless very different from actual living creatures
of the physical realm.

Ultimately, spirits are manifestations of different
aspects of Gaia. Even the great Triat can be said to
ultimately represent Gaia's creative, preservative and
destructive urges. Thus, each spirit has a purview,
purpose or other reason for being. Some spirits repre-
sent parts of Gaia's being, such as animals
minerals. Others represent concepts, such as war, or
love, or rage. This purpose is, in fact, the spirit-"body"
ofthe Umbral denizen in question. A war-spirit doesn't
truly choose to embody War — it must embody War,
just as a material being must eat and breathe. In fact,
the demands of a spirit's nature are stronger than even
some self-preservation instincts of material beings —
ahuman can choose to go without food for a time, to
abstain from sex and childrearing, even to commit
suicide. A spirit, however, cannot go against its nature
without changing its very structure.

plants, or

Nonetheless, each spirit is unique, with its own
personality, identity, and powers. For example, one
war-spirit might be a savage berserker, while another
might manifest as a stern Prussian general, and a third
could take on the role a valorous defender. Although
each spirit is unlikely to vary from the core of its own
identity, they all prove that a spiritual concept can
manifest itself in any number of ways.

This chapter delineates some of the spirits most
universally known to the Fera at large, with special
emphasis on the Garou. First, we discuss traits com-
mon to all spirits. Next, we discuss the spirit hierarchy
of Gaffling, Jaggling, Incarna and Celestine, with the
similarities and differences among each. We then
cover the spirit broods of the tribal totems, along with
a representative example that might be sent to aid a
supplicant in time of need. Finally, we discuss the
naturae — the elementals, plant- and moon-spirits —
and conclude with a look at the spirits of the Wyld.

Spirits of the Weaver and Wyrm also exist in
droves, and make fine antagonists or obstacles for a
pack, but are more properly covered in Book of the

Weaver and Book of the Wyrm.

Chapter Three: Spirits


All spirits, even the greatest, share certain ele-
ments of their life cycle. All have Gnosis, Willpower,

Rage, and Essence in some capacity. Moreover, all
spirits adhere to certain basic rhythms and patterns.

Sirober

Like living beings, spirits often enter a state of
dormancy and repose. This state, known as Slumber,
is where most spirits spend the majority of their
existence. While in Slumber, spirits take on a state
akin to that of ephemera. Indeed, while in Slumber,
spirits devoted to Gaia seem erge their con-
sciousness with that of Gaia hers
Gaia is as nurturing and restful as 5
beings. The more powerful the spi
itison Slumber; still, rumors abound
level spirits droppi
millennium or tw,

As the End
spirits sink into p
mant and refusing toa
vibrant tapestry of Gai:
matic, bleak World of
know where to look
ing spirits and awak

is to material
e less reliant

All spirits must replenish their energy from one cf
various sources. For example, entering Slumber is the
most basic way to replenish Rage, Gnosis, Willpower
or Essence, just as material beings restore their energy
through sleep. As well, spirits can replenish their
energy through worship by material beings (as with a
Garou rite). Some spirits use material artifacts to
maintain their Traits; as an example, a spirit of War
might attune itself to a gun that's been passed down
from soldier to soldier. As the gun is used in one
struggle after another, the spirit feeds. As well, some
spirits bind themselves to particular locations, feeding
on the psychic residue of that location; Bane-spirits
often hover around places of murder and horror, while
naturae prefer unspoiled areas of rustic tranquility.

Sometimes, spirits actually hunt and consume one
another; for example, Lion-spirits stalk and eat Ga-
zelle-spirits, absorbing their energy in the process. This
typically happens along certain predefined, "natural"
lines, in accordance with the nature of both predator

98
————

and prey. Spirits thatunconcemedly wreak harm among
other spirits are typically Banes.

Erol

Just as shapeshifters bind themselves into tribes
and breeds, so spirits are part of larger spirit families, to
which they refer as broods. All broods descend from
one or more Incarnae and, ultimately, from Gaia. It is
thus accurate to say that all spirits are of one ancestral
brood, and thusall are ultimately related. This does not
keep spirits from having conflicts with one another,
just as members of the same family often fight and
bicker among themselves.

Technically, some relations within a brood are
adoptive; for instance, the great totem Lion joined
Griffin's brood after losing his chosen tribe to the
technically descended
ed son" of the Red

t of any spirit of

Ourse, the aspect
ons isn't truly

that genealogy charts for

ity, and the relationship
Generally, a

descended from o1

all spirit-progeny

important.

a group of spirits
Incarna. Thus,

ates are strong. A
shapeshifter who offends one spirit ultimately of-
fends all spirits within that brood. More rarely, a
shapeshifter of great merit can be adopted as a
member of a spirit brood. This is a high honor
indeed, and one that exceeds the relationship be-
tween a shapeshifter and his tribal totem.
iwhorge

An understanding of and respect for chiminage is
essential for safe and beneficial dealing with the spirit
world. Simply put, chiminage is the concept of repay-
ing an asked-for favor with a favor of equal or greater
value. The concept of chiminage seems to be an
integral part of Gaia Herself — the idea that sacrifice
and cooperation benefit the world-system as a whole.
Certainly, every one of Gaia's spirits understands and
utilizes the concept.

Chiminage is the paramount way one shows re-
spect for aspirit's worth. Failure to offer a favor of equal
or greater magnitude when "asking for" a spirit's aid is
the equivalent of saying, "Your favoris of so little value
to me that I'm not going to bother with repaying it."

Umbra

sarees am a

Failure to offer chiminage has consequences ranging
from simple refusal to perform the requested favor (if
the shapeshifter is lucky) to an outright attack by the
offended spirit (particularly in the case of spirits of war,
or of predatory, fierce or proud creatures).

Chiminage can serve other purposes. Sometimes
it's a matter of redemption, in which a penitent
shapeshifter (or, occasionally, spirit) offers up a favor
asa means of making amends for its deeds. Conversely,
shapeshifters in good standing with the spirit world as
awhole might freely offer favors in order to strengthen
their ties with a spirit, or simply to improve their
reputation. (News in the spirit world travels fast, and
deeds — good or bad — to one Spirit will quickly be
learned of by all. Indeed, Gaian spirits hold even those
Black Spiral Dancers who keep theit ghastly promises
to their Bane patrons in marginally higher regard than
their more treacherous brethren. Neédléss to say, the

favors they request are tuch darker/in nature. de
Generally speaking, any favor tequestedias pi
achiminage pact should be "paid for" by adeed«
orgreater worth, Of course, to "b
being so favored should then:
other favor, probably tipping the
to its side, and so on. Soie shapeshifters and spirits
enjoy years-long chiminage relationships with)
other, each gainingithe benefit of the mutual ¢
tion as they eagh try to one-up the other's favor. .
The chiminage itself can take on almost any
form. It might be, simply enough, an outright quest
undertaken in the spirit's interest (a favor which is
particularly appropriate as repayment for the spirit
teaching a high-level Gift). It might consist of the
shapeshifter offering to spread the word of the spirit's
generosity and wisdom —a good PR campaign, if you
will. Shapeshifters who seek to bind spirits into fe-
tishes often try to sweeten the deal by making the
fetish's vessel as pleasing to the spirit as possible —
perhaps using materials that the spirit finds soothing
orrewarding, such as sharpened steel for war-spirits or
black silk for night-spirits. Sometimes, favors might
seem minor or even strange. For example, Cock-
toach-spirits might ask that you scratch your nails
over concrete (they like the sound) or leave out some
delicious garbage in a convenient location. Really,
whatever seems suitable to the Storyteller is fine; it's
the attempt to honor the pact that counts.

Packt

Sometimes, an arrangement with a spirit tran-
scends the occasional exchange of favors represented
bychiminage. A shapeshifter or pack will approach (or

See sense ears earereseren PEEVE Non meme

Banes themselves also,value chiminage, although the o

be approached by) a spirit and both sides work out a
deal of more formal and long-lasting services. Such
agreements, known as pacts, are matters of honor even
more demanding than chiminage, but the benefits of a
properly forged pact can be immense.

Pacts are not to be entered into lightly, and
inexperience in forging a pact can be lethal. Some
spirits enjoy tricking inexperienced Garou into forg-
ing pacts that benefit the spirit far more than the
shapeshifter. It's all too common for young
shapeshifters, unsure of exactly what they're seeking
ina spirit ally, to wander into the Umbra looking for
any old spirit to help them. In so doing, they might
make a deal with a spirit who not only words the
language of the pact in a tricksome way, but can't
help them accomplish their goals even if it wants to.

As such, ; eae al

nastier local spirits and ca
away from the most com

often draws
aspects of the
to enter into

irits that tend to be
us young Garou would do well
to seek out and bond with such beings.

There are several types of pacts. Personal pacts
are the simplest, while dealings with a pack totem can
be difficult and convoluted (but extremely benefi-
cial) arrangements.

Portonel Prat

Most shapeshifters make one or more personal
pacts with spirits, just as most people end up getting
married at some point in their lives. Shapeshifters
should perhaps take a cue from the high American
divorce rate when seeking out such a pact — for
personal pacts are as complicated and arduous endeav-
ors as most marriages. However, properly forged, a
personal pact can be equally as fulfilling.

Simply put, a personal pact is a friendship, or at
least alliance, between a shapeshifter and a spirit.
Muchas witha friendship, it's the unspoken truths and
commitments that mean more than any formal agree-
ments. And, as with a friendship, a personal pact works
out in the end only if respect and trust are adhered to
on both sides.

Chapter Three: Spirits 99


ne AA

Maintaining a personal pact takes great amounts
of time and effort on the shapeshifter's part. Moreover,
aspurned former spirit ally can be the worst of enemies.
For that reason, if the shapeshifter ever senses that the
relationship is unraveling, he'd do best to try toend the
pact on an honorable note, rather than risk hurt
feelings that blossom into rancor.

Tathth Pradt

In the elder days, the shapeshifters made many
pacts with spirits and some of these pacts delineated
procedures for the imbuing of spirits into items. These
items, called fetishes (or, for single-use items, talens)
allowed the werebeasts to use the spirit's power in the
material world.

Fetish pacts are like any other pact: the spirit
agrees to exist in the fetish fora time in exchange for
favors. Additionally, each time a new owner uses
the fetish, he must reestablish the pact with the
spirit, in the form of Gnosis expenditure. Essen-
tially, the spirit is getting a free "meal" of Gnosis,
while the shapeshifter is getting additional power.

Because this agreement is based on Gnosis, only
shapeshifters can use fetishes and talens.

lack Topo

More formal, lasting and binding than even a
personal pact is a pact binding an entire shapeshifter
pack to a totem spirit. Just as the bond among mem-
bers ofa pack transcends any other relationship in the
material world, so does the bond between a pack
totem and its pack transcend any other type of spirit
relationship. Nothing is more fulfilling than a rela-
tionship built on trust between totem and pack;
conversely, nothing is more hurtful and shameful
than a breaking of that trust.

A totem spirit, when first bound to a pack, is
typically one of a tribal Incarna's brood. Over time,
though, it becomes something much more. Itsubsumes
much of the characteristics of the pack members into
it, and conversely, the characters should subsume its
characteristics into their own spirits. Eventually, the
totem is a living embodiment of the bond between the
pack, and the pack is the material manifestation of the

Some shapeshifters, particularly those who run
without packs, establish a one-on-one totem rela-
tionship with aspirit. A personal totem works much
like a pack totem — it is purchased with
ground points, can be made stronger with
penditure of experience points, grants spe
and asks a ban of its child. The greatest
of course, is that its powers and attentiot
focused on one shapeshifter, rather than}
evenly among a pack.

Arelationship with a personal tote
ways even more intimate than a relati
pack totem. The shapeshifter my

all the more important. Somet
relationship with his persona
than his relationship with his
not a bond to be entered into ligl
Although some shapeshifters,
take well to personal totems, o
difficulty with such a pact. In,
oriented shapeshifters like the Garou have a harder
time bonding to a spirit without the support of
packmates. In game terms, a werewolf or other
pack-oriented shapeshifter may purchase a pet-
sonal totem by purchasing the Totem Background

Parsonal Tope

as usual. However, the costs double: each dot in
Totem that goes toward a personal totem costs two
Background points (or two freebie points) to pur-
at character creation, and six experience
chased later on. For instance, a Silent
o takes Owl as a personal totem must
spend at least 12 Background points or freebie
points to purchase the totem atall. Itshould also be
mentioned that a shapeshifter cannot possess a
rsonal togéin and a pack totem at the same time;
re too intimate to be shared. A pack

v y applicant who already has a
al tot r
peopl totem

sen to take a one totem rather
end to suffer mild social disadvan-

hooses to hunt alone, for he
awerewolf who chooses

@litude seems to imply that he doesn't want a pet
to rely'On him. Even if his totem is an honorable
and respected one, other Garou will still wonder
why the loner has made such a choice.

a

Umbra

gS

Shih


totem's existence. This is not metaphorical; this is
literal. After a while, if the totem departs, the pack
ceases to be a pack anymore, while if the pack dis-
solves, the totem fades back into the ephemera.

To take a pack totem, the pack-to-be must come
together as part of a Rite of the Totem. The members,
aided by their elders, must petition the Incarna them-
selves to grant them a worthy spirit. After a spirit is
found and, more importantly, agrees to adopt the pack,
the rite is completed and the pack forms.

It's understood that, in taking a totem, the pack
agrees to act in ways beneficial to the state of Gaia as

a whole. In other words, to nurture the relationshipiil

with the pack totem, it's essential that pack
gain Renown. A pack with high Glory,
Wisdom strengthens the totem and allows it t
status in the spirit world. Conversely, a pack with poor
Renown shames its spirit, who becomes sullen, with-
drawn and less likely to help. aie

Other shapeshifters can join a pack, but
must agree to take these beings under its.ai
more, some packs can change members.o¥
pack members age, leave the pack, and die, while:
young blood enriches the packe$ome ancient pac!
have stretched back for genéfations, and their p
totems are accordingly wise, powerful, and revere Li
both the material and/pirit worlds. These(spirits, of
course, have exceedingly high expect of beings:
that would seek to join the paek. In a,
pack totem has agreed to aecept s!
other Breeds or even particularly ni
into a pack. However, the pat
been extended to mages, even th ;
and nospirit will accept the undead i A pack
may run with allies whose loyalties ultimatély, lie
outside the war for Gaia, but only Gaia's chosen are!
permitted to sign the pact of loyalty with a pack totem.

Gore and Sapp Tofome |

Some spirits are bound not to an individual
shapeshifter or pack, but to a nexus of mystical energy
inthe land itself. These spirits typically become guard-
ians of these caerns. Shapeshifter septs that form
around the caerns always make pacts with these spirits
in order to maintain the caern.

A caer totem is concerned primarily with the
Preservation of the caern. As such, it can make re-
quests or even demands of the local sept, should it feel
that a course of action is in the best interest of the
caer. However, these requests typically aren't as ex-
tensive or involved as those made by pack totems; after
all, the caern totem is bound to the stationary caern, so
itneeds the sept as much as the sept needs it. Typically,

Chapter Three: Spirits

~ than, say,

SS

a caern totem is satisfied with the sept's rites them-
selves, which release even more spiritual energy into
the vicinity. Some caern totems, however, do require
other sacrifices. Some caern spirits demand that the
sept keep certain creatures out of a specific radius
around the caern. Others demand a certain number of
sacrifices (Wyrm-creatures, bullocks, possibly sentient
beings in the case of Wyrm-spirits).

Tilbad Tope

The most powerful totems, the tribal totems, are
Incarnae. Their pacts are with an entire tribe of
werewolves (or other shapeshifters). These pacts were

ands of years ago, and all beings born into

t honor the pact. Over the millennia, the

given much to maintain their end of the

countless shapeshifters have sacrificed hap-

piness, love, blood, and even life in the service of the
totem. There is no greater bond in the spirit world,
save perhaps that between the Wyrm and one of its

slaves (and thapitends to be rather one-sided).

- t things, membership in a tribe im-

bal Gifts and access to tribal
tages are part and parcel
| of the aficient p: hifter rises in rank, she
i or in the eye: tem, gaining access to

p | Gifts and rites.
» the relationship between a
tribal totem is never that of mutual
: tion, virtually a form of
er how high-ranking a
totems will always con-
supplicant (although
t be more polite about it
ssuch, no true chiminage
bond exists a tribeSperson and a tribal totem.
‘The totem is free toask of the shapeshifter whatever it
willjand any entreaties on the shapeshifter's part are
freely heeded or ignored. The totem already provides
the homeland, Gifts, and rites, and so owes nothing
more to an individual shapeshifter. This does not
mean thata tribal totem will regularly scorn and ignore

the calls of its tribe's greatest heroes — only that it is
not forced to respond as swiftly as possible.

Violatlon of Pacts

Spirits, as manifestations of Gaia, tend to honor
their pacts. Rare indeed is the spirit that deliberately or
even accidentally breaks a pact forged with a
shapeshifter. That said, shapeshifters, as imperfect
material beings, tend to violate their pacts with greater
frequency. This violation can be through forgetful-

101

en ee. See ee

|


AZ

ness, lack of ability, poor planning or simple callous-
ness. Ultimately, it does not much matter why.

Spirits don't just sit back and take it when a
shapeshifter takes advantage of them. Most of the
time, especially in relatively minor cases, the spirit
simply treats the shapeshifter with disdain and hostil-
ity thereafter. It will also usually inform its broodmates
of the transgression. This ostracism is more dangerous
than it looks; a shapeshifter with a bad rep can find the
Umbra to be an extremely hostile place. Spirits might
not (and generally won't) attack the transgressor out-
right —but they won't lift an ephemeral finger to help,
warn or otherwise aid the character, and they'll take
whatever acts of petty revenge they can. However,
spirits of Gaia are relatively forgiving (though not
stupid). If the transgressor gives a valid excuse for his
violation of the pact (and sometimes, "Yes, I'ma fuck-
up" is fair), then undertakes chiminage to rectify the
debt, the spirit will probably forgive him.

Sometimes, a character tries his best to fulfill a
pact debt, but simply cannot accomplish what she
needs to accomplish. In such cases, che conscientious
character should tell the spirit and offer to perform an
alternative deed in exchange. Again, most spirits of
Gaia will accept such an excuse, provided the charac-
ter did indeed try her utmost to accomplish the task set
out in the pact.

A character thar willfully and flagrantly violates a
pact, especially if the violation endangers the spirit in
question, is in a bit more trouble. Various bad things,
of which the following are only a few possibilities, can
come of such an occurrence.

Hiauf tog

Ghosts aren't the only beings who can haunt
victims. Wronged spirits can do a frightfully good job
of making a transgressor's life hell.

A haunting is generally designed to frustrate and
aggravate the character rather than inflict physical
harm. The spirit might continually badger and harass
the character, appearing (to the character only) at the
most inopportune times to shriek at him, scare him,
drive him into frenzy or otherwise make him an emo-
tional wreck. The spirit will likely steal and lose the
character's small possessions — car keys, wallet, fe-
tishes and the like. The spirit might also annoy and
petition the character's elders until they take it upon
themselves to correct the character.

Generally speaking, a haunting can be ended by
begging contrition and agreeing to pay chiminage —
though the chiminage debt will be greater than nor-
mal, because the spirit had to go through so much
trouble to collect its due.

102

ier

The rites that shapeshifters enact aren't powered
by the shapeshifters themselves —a rite works because
itinvokes the spirits to perform some form of boon, and
in accordance to the Pact, the spirits respond. How-
ever, if a shapeshifter has sufficiently offended the
spirit world, she may find that her rites cease to
function — the spirits have decided that she has
broken the Pact, and they are no longer bound to
answer her call. It takes a particularly flagrant offense
or series of offenses to draw down a punishment of this
sort, but there is sometimes no better way to show an
errant werebeast that she must mend her ways now, or
risk losing Gaia's grace in even greater fashion.

Of course, sometimes the Wyrm's broods will still
offer to fulfill the rites of a straying shapeshifter, as a
means of seducing the stray pup toward their side.
Obviously, no Bane can empower rites such as the
Rite of Cleansing, but they can sometimes suggest
rites with alternate wording — for example, a Rite of
the Fetish that invokes the terrible power of the
Wyrm to bind spirits rather than calling on the grace
of Gaia. The best example of this is the Abomination
—the rare and accursed werewolf unlucky enough to
"survive" the transformation into a vampire. Gaian
spirits refuse to empower any rite performed by an
undead thing, but Banes find a perverse delight in
answering such a call...

Cpt

Curses are a popular form of penance. To cast a
curse, though, a spirit must be fairly powerful or have
access to powerful broodmates or patrons. Often, a
spirit must appeal to the Incarna or Celestine whom it
serves in order to invoke a curse.

Typically, curses last a variable length of time. For
minor transgressions, a curse may last fora fortnight, or
one full phase of the moon, ora season. Most curses are
designed to last until the transgressor pleads forgive-
ness and pays chiminage. For truly heinous violations,
the curse can last for the rest of the being's life —
however, an Incarna or Celestine can lift such a curse
(or any other) if, in the spirit's eyes, the transgressor
has paid the penalty.

Curses vary in intensity, depending on the nature
of the transgression and the power of the spirit. Mild
curses might involve receiving lousy service at every
establishment the character patronizes, or striking out
with every would-be lover the character approaches
(both of these probably drain Willpower over time).
More severe curses might involve traffic accidents,
hideous and unregeneratable boils on the skin (penal-
ties to Attributes), loss of teeth (and appropriate bite

Umbra

I


damage), or simple bad luck (penalties to all kinds of
dice rolls). Typically, the curse reflects the nature of
the spiritand the transgression. For example, acharac-
ter who refused to attack the enemy of aspirit of war (as
payment for the war-spirit attacking one of the Garou's
own enemies) might find that any weapon he uses
breaks, jams or turns in his hand to strike him.

One of the worst curses is the Mark of Shame —a
mark that appears on the character's head whenever
she enters the Umbra. All spirits can see the mark and
know the character to be an oathbreaker. Accord-
ingly, it's practically impossible for a character so
marked to gain so much as acknowledgment, let alone
aid, from any spirit at all. The Mark of Shame can be
removed by the offended spirit or by a being of Incarna-
level or higher; however, such beings never consent to
remove the mark until the character has made restitu-
tion to the offended spirit.

Generally speaking, the best way to undo a curse
is to apologize and make restitution. But sometimes a
werewolf or other shapeshifter can offend a spirit
without even realizing it. A werebeast might piss off a
teally bad-tempered spirit, who won't remove a curse
out of sheer spite or who demands chiminage far in
excess of the actual transgression. In these cases, a
character might have to seek out alternate ways of
Ttemoving a curse.

The most straightforward way is by appealing toa
tribal totem or other Incarna for intervention. As a
tule, Incarnae are largely fair; if a character has been
grossly wronged or has acted in ignorance, the Incarna
will probably remove the curse or at least direct the
character toward the actions needed to remove it. In
some cases, the Incarna might order an Umbral "trial"
of the character, allowing the character to argue in his
own defense. A few rare Galliards have done this so
successfully that they've managed not only to be "‘ac-
quitted," but to have their curse turned back on the
spirit who laid it; of course, this is a good way to gain
an enemy for life.

More martial spirits might demand an ordeal or
fight before removing a curse. This battle can be in the
Umbra or the material world; the spirit who laid the
curse and the cursed character physically or spiritually
do battle. If the character wins, the curse is lifted; ifhe
loses, he must give in and do what the victor asks of
him (at which point the curse is also lifted). A few
vicious spirits insist that the fight continue until death
or discorporation; but then, he who makes pacts with
War-spirits and the like should understand the conse-

quences of violation.

The silver rivers of Erebus (p. 63) are a universally
accepted ordeal for Garou; any Garou (and Garou

nr eee

OAT PEERS Nan mene

Chapter Three: Spirits

only) who endures them will be considered to have
undergone sufficient punishment, and Charyss herself
will lift the curse.

Finally, some other beings — notably mages and
mummies — are rumored to have the power to lift
curses. Using a non-Umbral means to lift an Umbral
curse, however, is considered "cheating" of the worst
sort. Such a character will gain an exceedingly bad
reputation among spirits.

Atak

Physical attack is the last resort of a scorned spirit
— not least because, if the spirit loses, its power to
rectify the debt is effectively gone.

An attack typically takes place in the Umbra,
where the spirit can ambush the character on its home
ground. Occasionally, the spirit will physically materi-
alize and attack the character in the material world;
only the most outraged spirits do this, however.

Attacks may be one of three types. For relatively
minor transgressions, an attack may be a feint, a sort
of "wake-up call" to let the character know that the
spirit is upset. These attacks typically last only a few
turns. Spirits sometimes use nightmares as an alterna-
tive, bedeviling the character with evil dreams of
horror and carnage.

More outraged spirits really lay into the character,
going so faras to inflict a battle scar. Again, the spirit's
goal is not to kill the character, but to force it to repent
and pay chiminage; this attack is more of an object
lesson than a to-the-death battle. As an alternative,
the spirit may attempt to kidnap the character, drag-
ging him into the Umbra and imprisoning him until
such time as he agrees to make amends.

An attack to kill is exceedingly rare, and only
mortally offended spirits resort to such a thing. Still,
lethal attacks do happen, and usually involve the
materialization of the spirit (along with as many
broodmates as are necessary to win the fight). If the
character wins, however, all obligations to the spirit
are cancelled; even Gaia's gentlest believe in a degree
of natural selection. The character may likely suffer
from an exceedingly poor reputation thereafter, though;
it should never have come to this.

The Spots Miorarcdy

It is the nature of spirits to be mysterious and
unknowable. Yet humans and even shapeshifters love
to classify and categorize. Thus, spirits, even those of
the Wyrm, are often placed into one of several catego-
ties, similar to the phylum, class, order, family and
genus of the biologist. The most common categories
are Gaffling, Jaggling, Incarna and Celestine.

103

NY

rm a rn 7


ne AA

Cnfeg

Gafflings are the lowliest of spirits (though still
important to the whole of the Umbra. They tend to be
avatars of a greater spirit, such as an Incarna, or else
simply pieces of ephemera given temporary life via
Gnosis. They are the "animals" of the Umbra. Some
Gafflings seem very clever — indeed, some of the
trickster Gafflings often confound the brightest of
material beings — but as a rule, Gafflings have no real
sense of individual identity. In this they are no more
developed than newborn human babies. One Gaffling
of a particular "species" is much like another, and if
destroyed, a Gaffling will eventually re-form as an-
other Gaffling of the same type. Common elementals,
animal spirits and the awakened spirits of vehicles are
all examples of Gafflings.

Tegglng

The Jaggling represents the common Umbral "citi-
zen." Jagglings, unlike Gafflings, are usually sentient
(as we know it) and, more importantly, have an indi-
vidual identity. Some Jagglings represent very minor
phenomena— for example, a particularly famous gem
might have an elemental Jaggling that represents it, its
life force linked to the gem and vice versa.

Jagglings typically serve an Incarna, but, unlike
Gafflings, are not mere outgrowths of that Incarna. A
Jaggling generally has its own personality, motiva-
tions, and goals, which do not always correspond with
those of its Incarna patron. A Jaggling's power level
can vary greatly, from the modest power of a Stormcrow
to the might of a caern totem or Nexus Crawler.

Jocarvae

An Incarna is several orders of magnitude above a
Jaggling. Incarnae are the greatest servants and mani-
festations of the Celestines. In fact, such service is the
primary way of differentiating an Incarna from a
Celestine — most Incarnae are subordinate toa given
Celestine, while Celestines themselves acknowledge
no superiors, save perhaps Gaia Herself.

Most Incarnae serve Gaia, the Weaver, the Wyld,
or the Wyrm. The tribal totems of the shapeshifters
are Incarnae. Incarnae seem to be embodiments of
important concepts, but more powerful ones — the
powerful Incarna of the planet Mars outranks any
war-spirit a werewolfis likely to see. Unlike Celestines,
Incarna are not literally their concepts/phenomena
—they merely represent them. If the Maeljin Incarna
of Pain is destroyed, the phenomenon of pain, alas,
will still exist. It can thus be inferred that Incarna
tend to identify with certain concepts according to
their personalities, then structure their identities
around those concepts.

1

9nmam

Cofettioat

The mightiest of spirits are known as Celestines.
Gaia Herself is considered a Celestine (albeit the
greatest one of all), as are the members of the Triat. A
few other exceptionally powerful spirits (Luna and
Helios, for example) also qualify, as do the very great-
est elementals.

The best way to understand Celestines is to think
of them as akin to gods. Celestines represent the most
fundamental forces in the universe. Indeed, one way to
differentiate a Celestine from an Incarna is in the
statement that the Celestine literally is the phenom-
enon she embodies — not a mere avatar of it — and is
thus virtually indestructible. As the wisest scholars of
the spirit world understand it, an Incarna springs from
its phenomenon, while a phenomenon springs from a
Celestine. For example, if the Stag Incarna of Gaia
were destroyed in a cataclysmic battle, a Stag Jaggling
could be "promoted" to fill the Incarna's place. If, on
the other hand, the spirit entity Luna were destroyed,
the very moon would cease to exist.

This is precisely why the Garou find their battle for
Gaia so important; if the soul of creation is corrupted
or slain, existence as the Earth knows it will end.

Nitcohaneout ptr

A few kinds of spirit beings don't easily fall into
a particular category. Most notable of these are
emanations.

Gravatlont

Emanations are an interesting class of spirits, for
they don't seem to fall into the normal categories of
Jaggling, Gaffling, Incarna and Celestine. If anything,
emanations are a sort of manifestation of a realm. Each
Near Realm produces emanations in keeping with its
character. In fact, some Garou theorize that emana-
tions are the realm's "language," its way of communi-
cating with material beings.

Emanations commonly appear as humans or ani-
mals of a type appropriate to the realm. For example,
emanations in the Atrocity Realm are either victims
orvictimizers, while the emanations found in Pangaea
can take the form of primitive humans or any of a
number of monstrous extinct beasts. Emanations
typically appear in all ways as creatures of the type
they emulate — right down to having material in-
stead of spirit Traits. For example, a werewolf in the
Atrocity Realm who does battle with a serial killer
will find that his opponent's strength is measured in
Strength, Dexterity, health levels, etc. — not spirit
Traits such as Rage.

Umbra

sniper MicpnmegA 7 <-


Spt Tatts
The spirits in this section are described as per stan-
dard Revised rules; players using Ist or 2nd edition rules

can probably extrapolate Power Traits asneeded. Charms
marked with an asterisk appear in the Appendix.

The Coaroy Toforat

Pegasus is the proud, fe

Originally, according tosome agends, Pe-
gasus was crea 10S and check their
depredations against\eatly man. Though a series of

matings with st rider, a proud hero named
Bellerophon, Pegas luceda vastspirit brood. How-
ever, Bellerophor
respectful to at OE

mystic union

(more, spécifically, the female) "ae

Pagans Teggling

Willpower 8, Rage 8, Gnosis 8, Essence 24

ee

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Cleanse the Blight,
Create Wind, Healing, Materialize, Open Moon Bridge,
Re-form, Tracking

Image: A Pegasus Jaggling appears as a majestic,
perfectly formed winged horse. Some are white, some
sky blue, and others gray or black. They range in size
from horse-size to gigantic, though their statistics
don't change. In the material world, they often take
the shape of horselike cloud formations, their hooves
and teeth flashing like lightning when enraged.

History: Pegasus Jagglings are their totem's most
common messengers and servants. They wing their
way through the clouds on errands for the Incarna.
They occasionally appear to humans, particularly chil-
dren and Kinfolk.

Habitat: These spirits roam the reaches of the
Aetherial Realm, particularly loving to gallop among
the cloudbanks. They also frequent the Black Furies'
Umbral homeland.

Spiritual Correspondences: Wisdom, messengers,
sorrow, battle

Material Correspondences: To summon a Pe-
gasus Jaggling, one must merely pray to the totem for
aid. Such prayers commonly take the form of Greek
choral chants, though this structure is not necessary.


ee A eee

Gift Lore: Pegasus Jagglings can teach Gifts per-
taining to healing, speed, strength, and battle.

Taboos: Pegasus Jagglings are exceedingly vulner-
able to the attacks of Weaver-spirits (their Armor
charm does not protect them against such). Pegasus
Jagglings often attack Get cf Fenris on sight.

Attitude: Pegasus Jagglings are high-strung and
majestic. One must treat them with utmost respect and
do everything in one's power to soothe the creatures.
Once befriended, a Pegasus Jaggling is loyal to a fault.

Chiminage: Those seeking to befriend a Pegasus
Jaggling must treat the creature reverentially, but must
never show fear or discomfort. Pegasus Jagglings re-
spond most readily to those who would defend the
Wyld or females.

Rif

The city is not called ° "the concrete jungle" for
nothing. As much humanity has sealed
itself off from its pr re behind walls of
asphalt and towers of gl: mption is in error.
The Wyld exists eyen in the'heart of the urban core,
and the actions redatorgand prey play themselves
out as much as tht i jungle

The Rat totem
is the avatar of t]
homids. In_g@njuncti
serves to remind humaftity.and:Garou
ancient ways of G; ‘catngt be deni
End Times. Unlike the Cockroach,
Wyld rather than Weaver; it
surroundings, but as a hunter
than scavenger.

Rt Cinftng

Willpower 8, Rage 6, Gnosis 7, Essence 21

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Re-form, Tracking

Image: Fittingly enough, Rat Gafflings appear as
rats, though there is a wide disparity in individual
appearances, Some are as tiny as mice; others, as large
as cats. Some are scrawny and emaciated; others, fat
and bloated. Some Rat Gafflings are timid, hiding in
whatever garbage or clothing is available; others will
walk right up and leer at whatever's present (unless it's
obviously a threat — no Rat Gaffling is stupid). A few
Rat Gafflings, particularly those that haunt richer
areas of the Penumbra, even dress in human clothes,
stand on their hind legs like humans, smoke cigars, and
display other human affectations.

History: Rat Gafflings first made their mark with
the earliest human civilizations. Itwas they who taught
their earthly counterparts how to break into granaries,
steal beer, and otherwise act to bring a little of the

mnqueror rather

106
a

Wyld behind the Weaver-walls of the humans. As
civilization has spread outward and across the planet,
Rat Gafflings have become little fifth columnists, ever
scuttling, listening, and keeping the totem apprised of
doings "behind enemy lines."

Habitat: Much as with their earthly kin, Rat
Gafflings can be found nearly anywhere. They infest
the Penumbra, and most Near Realms have at least a
few hidey-holes for the creatures. They swarm through
the Scar, have a subterranean kingdom beneath the
City of the Legendary Realm, and have even gnawed
tunnels beneath the Battleground.

Within the material world, Rat Gafflings divide
themselves into different classes depending on habi-
tat. Sewer Rats skulk in the lowest, nastiest sections
of the city. They keep an eye on the doings of Wyrm-
creatures and undead, and also communicate with
Ratkin. Tenement Rats inhabir dilapidated build-
ings, bars, sleazy motels and massage parlors, and the
like. They're the most streetwise of rats and have an
ear open for all manner of human gossip and goings-
on. Roof Rats are the aristocracy of the breed. They're
the most likely to dress in human clothes, and they
gaze down on the city as a whole from their rooftop
aeries. It's the Roof Rats who plan strategy for the
Gafflings as a whole.

Spiritual Correspondences: Rat Gafflings are
war-spirits of a sort, but they are attuned toward
guerilla warfare, sabotage, and infiltration rather than
direct battle. They are also spirits of survival and
adaptability in the face of adversity. Finally, as crea-
tures of the Wyld, they are servants of chaos. Whereas
Cockroach spirits love machines for their own sake
and thrill to the organization inherent in technology,
Rat Gafflings like to break those machines, wreck the
workings of industry, and bring the Weaver's best-
laid plans screeching to a halt.

Material Correspondences: Rats love junk —the
older, stinkier, more worn-out and crappier, the better.
They also love to eat. They'll eat anything except stuff
that's poisonous to their kin (caffeine, chocolate).
Within the wide range of their preferences, stomach-
wrenching crud like salty popcorn and greasy chips
works very well for summoning Rat Gafflings.

Gift Lore: Rat Gafflings can teach Gifts associ-
ated with stealth, survival, and the city. Specifically,
the Gifts of Cooking, Infest, Riot and Attunement
come naturally to them.

Taboos: Rat Gafflings tread warily around poisons
and traps. They can lead their brethren away from
them, but they can't themselves disturb them without
materializing and taking the chance of being caught.

Umbra

——


Most Rat Gafflings, as creatures of the Wyld,
thrive on disorder. They like junk-strewn spaces with
lots of hidey-holes. Cleaning up and sterilizing an area
overmuch will drive the spirits away.

Finally, while Rat Gafflings are pack animals, they
have to have room to spread out. Crowding them in on
one another ignites their Rage, causing them to lash
outat their own kind and anything else in the vicinity.
Attitude: Caution is ingrained in the Rat Gaffling;
they're exceedingly skittish around people they don't
know well. They tend to be nervous around all Bete
except Bone Gnawers and, of course, Ratkin. Orher-
wise, personality largely depends on the specific type of
Gaffling. Sewer Rats are feral and sneaky, Tenement
Rats are savvy and sleazy, and Roof Rats can be
somewhat elitist and full of their own cleverness.
Chiminage: Rat Gafflings are hard bargainers.
They'll negatiate every term of service, down to the
fine princ. In some ways, this haggling is as much to
test the summoner's cunning and patience as it is to
actually gain anything. Nonetheless, Rat Gafflings
rarely agree to serve unless they get the better of the
deal up front.

Uvioorn

Unicorn is a totem 6f peace and mercy, and so it is
with her brood. The'$pirits allied with Unicorn come
from a variety of aspects and places, but all place the
ways of war and rage as $condary to the pursuit of
empathy and love.

This is not togay that Unicorn will not struggle in
ajust cause — some ofthet ‘brood are defenders of the
weak, and even she€an channel her anger against a
foe. The horn of the: Unicorn brings liealingand peace
to those in needi@fit, but can just a: ly be turned
toimpale thétninions of the tras ‘would violate
the harmény of Gaia.

Rage, Gnosis and Willpower equal to those of
bonded shapeshifter; Essence equal to sum of Rage,
Gnosis and Willpower

| Charms: Airt Sense, Healing (only on bonded
| shapeshifter), Materialize (x2 cost),Open Moon Bridge,
Realm Sense, Re-form, Tracking

Image: Unicorn Anamae look like unicorns, but
their coats, bearing and other particulars reflect those
of the shapeshifter to whom they are bound. For
example, a Get of Fenris might have a strong, proud
stallion as his Anamae, while a Ratkin might have a
scruffy, feisty pony.

History: Unicorn Anamae ostensibly exist to
teach the Changing Breeds that all shapeshifters are of

ee Se

Chapter Three: Spirits

In

one larger family. They've appeared mainly to Garou,
the instigators of the Impergium; however, in recent
years, other Fera have found Heart Guides. As a Heart
Guide, the Anamae guides its assigned charge along
the proper path and acts as a living indicator of its
companion's spiritual health.

Habitat: Unicorn Anamae are not found outside
of the Children of Gaia homeland, save when accom-
panying a bonded charge.

Spiritual Correspondences: As a group, Unicorn
Anamae are creatures of wisdom and unity. Each
individual Guide also reflects the spirit nature of the
Fera to whom it is bonded.

Material Correspondences: A Heart Guide val-
ues nothing more than something precious to the
shapeshifter to whom the Anamae is to be bonded.

Gift Lore: Unicorn Anamae can teach Gifts
that focus on communication, empathy, and unity
with Gaia. Examples are Mercy, Calm, Dazzle, and
Part the Veil

Taboos: Unicorn Anamae never initiate an at-
tack. They fight only to defend their charges, and then
only when flight is impossible.

Attitude: Unicorn Anamae reflect the positive
parts of the Fera to whom they're bonded. Like a good
therapist, they can coax out the good in just about any
creature, A legend popular among the Children of
Gaia holds that one Unicorn Anamae bonded with a
Black Spiral Dancer and eventually guided the crea-
ture back to Gaia.

Chiminage: Unicorn Anamae bond with one
specific shapeshifter, in a personal pact (p. 99). Once
this pact is made, they're loyal unto death, but insist
that their partner try to live up to the idealsjof Gaia as
closely abpospble.

nd) powerful totem of the
ne of the largest and most
fathered many spirits
in those who would

wilderness, and his bi
united of the totems.
and takes a paternal

Willpower 10, Rage 9, Gnosis 7, Basics 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Blast (Flame), Mate-
tialize, Re-form, Tracking

Image: These fearsome creatures take the form of
enormous, jet-black stags, similar to the prehistoric

107

EN


Pienniniieniniisianrernissdiemeniemitiiiicieinnnmnntil

deer of Ireland's past. They're as large as elk, with
blazing red eyes and flickering tongues. Their aspect is
terrifying to creatures of the Wyrm.

History: Many of Stag's brood are creatures of
fancy and levity, dream and desire. Black Stags are not
cut from this cloth. They are embodiments of Stag's
rage, his agents of vengeance. These creatures can be
found in the train of the Wild Hunt, goring Wyrm-
minions and erranc shapeshifters alike. When they
appear toa Fianna, it is a sure omen that the werewolf
is on the wrong path and had best correct his behavior
immediately. When they appear to most other crea-
tures, violence is soon to follow.

Habitat: When not embarked on a mission for
Stag, they dwell in the realm of theirIncarna, inadeep
green forest made for them. When encountered out-
side this realm, they are almost certainly on an errand
of woe and war.

Spiritual Correspondences: Black Stags repre-
sent vengeance and furious (but righteous) anger.

Material Correspondences: To call upon a Black
Stag, a petitioner had best have a good reason. If this
is so, sacrifices of antler bark and blood into a bonfire
is the best means of calling forth the Stag.

Gift Lore: Black Stags show up only to take
vengeance on a transgressor. They teach no Gifts.

Taboos: Black Stags must attack the enemies of
Gaia, be they Wyrm or Weaver.

Attitude: Black Stags are emphatically hostile to
minions of the Wyrm, neutral to everything else. In
their totem's realm, when not embarked on missions,
they can be friendly to Fianna in good standing with
the totem.

Chiminage: Black Stags do no favors for
summoners, nor do they accept any, save assistance in
slaying their targets.

HY GreatFenris attracts a
| spléndor. Spirits of war,
Hall attend the
‘enris Syspirit or
Ndbhack away

Freeze, Materialize

Image: Fenris'
strous Hispo with snow-white pelts, freezing breath
and cold blue eyes.

108

J (las

ec a LS aaa TEP CE

Umbra

SE te ae ee

History: Fenris' War Wolves have existed as long
as Fenris himself. They form the vanguard of Fenris'
brood and are the most common spirits chosen to
interact with Garou. They are spirits of battle, sent to
aid his Get when they find themselves hopelessly
outnumbered or otherwise about to be vanquished
through no fault of their own. Other spirits and tribes
fear these fierce, merciless creatures.

Habitat: War Wolves wander the Umbra on mis-
sions for Fenris. They also may be found in the Fenrir's
tribal homeland.

Spiritual Correspondences: War Wolves are spir-
its of battle, vengeance, the hunt, and winter.

Material Correspondences: To summon a War
Wolf, the ritemaster must be prepared to make a blood
sacrifice commonly by opening a wound in one's hand
with a knife. In extremis, a werewolf can tear a chunk of
flesh from his arm, then hurl the flesh into a fire.

Gift Lore: War Wolves teach Gifts associated
with war, tracking, and defense.

Taboos: War Wolves may not refuse a challenge
to battle, nor may they allow aslight to go unpunished.

Attitude: War Wolves are friendly to Get of
Fenris in good standing and neutral toward most other
Garou tribes. They are antagonistic toward most other
Fera, particularly Bastet and Nagah.

Chiminage: War Wolves will help only Garou
who have never fled from battle. To learn from or bind
a War Wolf, one must prove one's courage by hunting
down and slaying an enemy of the spirit's choice. Ifa
War Wolf is bound into a fetish, the owner of that
fetish must always seek revenge on escaped foes; if he
fails to do so, the spirit will depart.

Cockroath

The Cockroach isa cunning and adaptable spirit,
shunning direct confli€t{f6®% subtle planning and
gradual victory. Despite: em's poor reputation
among humans, Glass
flexibility, cleverness ar

the most ardent deferic e many
totems, is more ¢once: pits duties than with
personal pridefPhe totem takes great pains te.guard
against the worst excessesof the Weaver whiletrying

to coax,the lost sister back into Gaia/é'fe ds Cock-
roach inderstands the Weaver better than any other
totem, and so he and his brood are essential in
thwarting the Weaver's plots.

Coukvoach Fayyfnge
Willpower 5, Rage 2, Gnosis 8, Essence 15

Charms: Airt Sense, Control Electrical Systems,
Materialize, Realm Sense, Short Out

ora

as

Image: Cockroach Gafflings come in all sizes,
from aphid-sized bugs to roaches as big as dogs. Some
Gafflings glow with bioluminescent neon markings.

History: In the beginning of days, Cockroach
spawned Jagglings and Gafflings to venture into the
Realm and Umbra as its spies and servants. These
beings went in various directions. Some went to the
Realm, some went to the Weaver's domain, and some
went to the Wyld's domain. Ever since, the coordina-
tion among all of these broods ensures the survivability
of Cockroach and his children.

Habitat: In the Umbra, Cockroach Gafflings in-
fest the Penumbral shadows of dilapidated buildings.
They also crawl around nearly every domain, from the
CyberRealm to the Scarto the Weaver's domain to the
Atrocity Realm — never noticed, always watching.

Spiritual Correspondences: Cunning, strength
in numbers

Material Correspondences: To summon Cock-
toach Gafflings, a Garou must leave fresh food in a
darkened area until earthly cockroaches come to feast.
Once they've arrived, the Garou can then attempt to
summon their spiritual kin by inscribing the glyph of
the Cockroach. If attempting to bind a Cockroach

Gna

Chapter Three: Spirits

black string to tie the creature inside.

Gift Lore: Cockroach Gafflings teach Gifts per-
taining to the Weaver, survivability, stealth and pow-
ers relating to insects.

Taboos: Cockroach Gafflings hate and fear caus-
tic cleaning agents such as lye, Comet or toilet
cleanser. If confronted by such things, the Gafflings
will flee; otherwise, they'll lose one Power point per
turn of contact.

Attitude: Cockroach Gafflings tend to be friendly
toward those shapeshifters who can stomach their
presence. They don't like Ananasi, though; both have
ties to the Weaver, but the spider-shifters have been
known to eat cockroaches when in Crawlerling form.

Chiminage: Cockroach and its brood enjoy fra-
grant garbage, Garou howling contests, and the sound of
claws being sharpened. Other favors commonly asked
for include protection of earthly cockroach broods (an
inglorious and sometimes disgusting task), destruction
of pesticide factories and the banishment of vicious Ant
Gafflings. In exchange, Cockroach Gafflings will act as
spies and saboteurs or willingly bind themselves into
talens allowing scrutiny of electronic systems.

r
. 109


a AA"

Goffe
Perhaps thie totem mostattuned to the Wyld, the
Griffin. néptesents the Mist primordial aspects of cre-
ation, predating even the comingofhumanity. Griffin's
brood is more likeam animal pack than anyinstitution
understandable by homids: a roaring, snorting menag-
erie of predatory@utriders, monstrous juggernauts, and
maddened refiegades from the Wyld Reaches.

Jabertooth Teyeb
Willpower'6, Rage) Gnosil ‘Essence 23
Charms: Airt Sense; ¥Arm6r,* Materialize, Re-
form, Tracking
Image: Sabertoothitigersare blocky, massive crea-
tures with powerful chests-and paws that can crush
skulls with ease. Their coats are typically tawny yellow,
but can reflect the markings of any cat. Their wide
maws hold the fangs for which they're known, eight-
inch knives that can pierce the skull of an elephant.
History: The sabertooth was among the first of
the predator-spirits to kecome truly enlightened, fol-
lowing its role in harmony with the way Gaia made it.
Scorning packs, it stalked the glens and forests of the
prehistoric world as the supreme terrestrial predator.
Then, around the time of the Impergium,
sabertooths went extinct. Although this took place for
many reasons — climatic changes and extinction of
prey species among them — the spirits became bitter
and filled with hatred. Griffin took the spirits under his
wing, telling them that it was the fault of humans that
they'd become extinct. Now, the sabertooths serve
Griffin as his trackers and hunting beasts.
Habitat: Many sabertooth spirits live in Pangaea.
Others dwell in primordial glens in the Penumbra, or
in the den-realms of Bastet. Some dwell in the totem
realms of Griffin, Stag, and Pegasus.
Spiritual Correspondences: The sabertooth
represents predatory instincts honed to their high-
est level. It's not a pack animal, so it's most revered
by solitary creatures: Bastet, Ronin Garou, even a
few Mokolé.
Material Correspondences: The bloody meat
from a fresh kill can attract sabertooth spirits. The
summoner must have made this kill alone, and must
have used only natural weapons in the kill. Further-
more, the carcass must be of a sufficient size to attract
a great cat — an elephant would be best, but an
antelope or deer will do.
Sabertooth spirits never permit themselves to be
bound into fetishes.
Gift Lore: Sabertooth spirits can teach Gifts

telated to hunting and stalking.

110

Taboos: As the supreme predator, sabertooth
spirits rely on their power alone to bring down prey.
They won't attack in numbers or use pack tactics.

Attitude: Sabertooth spirits are bitter, surly, and
hostile toward nearly everything. Homid shapeshifters
had best beware them. They can be coaxed into a
better attitude, but this is dangerous in the extreme.

Chiminage: Sabertooth grants few favors and asks
few in return. The best bet is to ask the creature's aid
in the hunting of a mighty Wyrm-beast — or, better
yet, an army of lesser creatures (as sabertooth-spirits
don't like to attack outnumbered prey).

Granfiatber Thomder ©

Grandfather Thunder is.a demanding Incarna,
and those who would-comé taserye him had best be
able to prove their worth hose Who would rise in
his service, moreover: be able to hold their

own against one of
spirits in the Unite:

Nigb-splhe
Willpower 9, Rage 9, Gnosis 9, Essence 40
Charms: Airt Sense, Create Shadows*, Realm

Sense, Re-form, Shapeshift
Image: Night-spirits, in their natural forms,

appear to be animated shadows of unclear outline
and menacing aspect. Their voices are whispers that
carry uncannily well, echoing in the ears of listeners
as if the night-spirit were standing right beside
them. However, these dwellers in darkness are fond
of using the Shapeshift Charm to take on whatever
form suits their fancy.

History: Although not all spirits of darkness and
the night offer allegiance to Grandfather Thunder,
these night-spirits feel a certain kinship to the brood-
ing cotem and his children. They were particularly
charmed by the Shadow Lords' penchant for using
darkness and fear to their utmost (as well as their tribal
name), and so have gladly offered their services to the
Lords' tribal totem.

Habitat: Night-spirits are creatures of darkness,
typically of deep, shadowy forests. However, a growing
numberof them have become attracted to the shadowy
areas of human habitation, such as ghost towns, cem-
éteries and urban alleyways. They prefer to avoid most
living things, contacting only those who are "in the
tight frame of mind" — which may mean the de-
pressed, the paranoid, or simply the contemplative.

Chapter Three: Spirits

So

Spiritual Correspondences: Night-spirits rep-
resent secrecy, but in their pursuits of collecting
secrets and revealing them as appropriate, they have
also taken on a partial blackmail aspect. They are
also, naturally, representative of darkness, shadow
and paranoia.

Material Correspondences: Thick cloth, cloaks,
shrouds, masks, hoods and other objects that conceal
or create darkness are all favorites of the night-spirits.
Some have a fondness for shadow puppets as well.

Gift Lore: Night-spirits teach Gifts of shadow,
fear and secrecy.

Taboos: These spirits avoid light and flame, and
also retreat from the honest truth. Speaking the truth
in order to uncover a deception or undo a lie will
usually cause night-spirits to flee.

Attitude: A night-spirit is not precisely malevo-
lent, but the things these spirits find amusing — such
as terror and deceit — tend to place them on the bad
side of most "right-thinking" people. They dislike
people who are unwilling to "play the game" and
straightforward bargaining sessions. They become
grumpy and unpleasant when provoked, all the more
prone to use their abilities against some unwary target.

Chiminage: Night-spirits are best attracted with
secrets — the darker and more personal, the better.
Clever ritemasters reveal only the secrets of others,
never their own — night-spirits have been known
to gossip. Ale

Owl's brood is fal
befitting a totem mi
sheer power. S| x
and domains
existence in search of secrets.

Ot Caffng ad

Willpower 7, Rage 5, G: i

Charms: Airt Sense, Materialize, Open Moon
Bridge, Re-form, Tracking

Image: An Owl Gaffling commonly appears as a
large owl of whatever type is suitably present or ad-
mired in the area — commonly a great horned owl in
the Western Hemisphere. Its eyes gleam silver in the
night, and its flight is silent.

History: From ancient times, Owl Gafflings have
acted as Owl's messengers and heralds. They can travel
anywhere, and they are commonly used as guides to the
realms of the Dead, the Aetherial Realm, andthe Deep
Umbra (all of which they're familiar with).

111

a ee re, re ee era


|

Habitat: Owl Gafflings have no permanent home.
However, they can be found throughout the Umbra.
Some fly into the dark maelstrom of the Lower Umbra;
others fly out beyond the farthest planets of the
Aetherial Realm. It's said that a few of the eldest owls
know the hidden path to the Silent Strider homeland,
but this is only a rumor.

Spiritual Correspondences: Owl Gafflings em-
body wisdom, hidden secrets and travels.

Material Correspondences: Owl feathers, instru-
ments to improve vision (glasses, contacts, binocu-
lars), a pinch of dust from a distant land

Gift Lore: Owl Gafflings can teach Gifts pertain-
ing to travel, stealth, and the learning of secrets. A few
also teach Gifts for dealing with the dead.

Taboos: Ow! Gafflings may not remain over-
long in any one place. This includes fetishes. An
Owl Gaffling will never allow itself to be bound into
a fetish, though it might permit itself to be bound
into a talen.

Attitude: Ow! Gafflings prefer listening to talk-
ing, watching to interacting. They're neutral toward
most beings, but friendly to Silent Striders, Corax, and
Ronin who have retained some measure of honor.
They despise creatures of the Wyrm, butrarely interact
directly with such beings. Instead, they prefer to lure
them into traps.

Chiminage: Tales of distant lands are a good way
to get on an Owl Gaffling's good side. As frequent
visitors to the Dark Umbra, an Owl Gaffling mightalso
ask a supplicant to help lay a wandering ghost to rest.
Sometimes, Owl Gafflings request summoners to guide
a lost traveler out of the wilderness.

Fileon

The kingly'Falcon encompasses a vast'and noble
brood under histmighty wings. Those who would serve
as spirit-knights Icon must be#Walorous, honor-
able, and able to command thew€Spect of material and
spirit being alike. The way of Falcon is hard, but those
who can follow the' Faléon' ‘flight soar high above all
other beings.

Fileon Cafflng
mallee? 5

5, Essence 15
rt Sense, Create Wind, Materialize,
Peek, Re wr Swift Flight, Updraft
Image: Among the mo: majestic spirits in the
Umbra, the falcon-servitor ‘the totem appear as
golden-feathered, regal me »of their kind.
History: These Gafflings have long been used as
messengers, scouts, and skirmishers by the Falcon

a a

totem. From high in the Umbra, their keen eyes peer
down, spying on the doings of lesser spirits. When at
war, these Gafflings join into great flocks that descend
like lightning on their foes, whirlwinds of feathers,
screeching beaks, and diamond-hard claws.

Habitat: Falcon Gafflings prefer the cloud-peaks
of the Aetherial Realm, but occasionally condescend
to swoop into the higher reaches of Earth's atmo-
sphere. A few flocks of Gafflings wing their way out to
the Deep Umbra, flying majestically through the void.

Spiritual Correspondences: The Wyld, nobil-
ity, purity

Material Correspondences: A werebeast who has
Honor of 5 or greater and who serves Falcon may
entreat the totem for aid by spending two temporary
Gnosis and making a Gnosis roll (difficulty 8). If the
Garou scores one to three successes, a Gaffling appears;
if four successes are scored, several appear; on five or
more successes, an entire flock appears. Falcon
Gafflings, while noble, don't have much more cogni-
tive IQ than a smart earthly animal. Spirit Speech is
needed to communicate with the creature, and it's
limited in what it can be ordered to do,

Gift Lore: These Gafflings can teach Gifts per-
taining to the creation, manipulation and control of
winds and the sky.

Taboos: Falcon Gafflings cannot harm those
whom they perceive as servants of Gaia. They must
attack Wyrm-creatures, and they frenzy when fight-
ing these beings.

Attitude: Falcon Gafflings are well disposed to-
ward servants of Gaia and the Wyld, neutral toward
servants of the Weaver, and hostile toward minions of
the Wyrm.

Chiminage: Falcon Gafflings like things that
their earthly counterparts like; wide open spaces,
shiny things, and a few morsels of meat are a good
way to start. Falcons also "eat" gifts of Gnosis.
Temporary Gnosis expenditure is a good bargaining
chip to get a Falcon Gaffling's aid. A shapeshifter of
5 or more Honor may also spend a point of perma-
nent Gnosis and entreat the Falcon to be its spirit
familiar; this"entreduy, if accepted, is considered a
personal pact (p. 99): The Gaffling will serve the
shapeshifter agi, companion, fee a as long as its
companion's behavior meritsiit.

imera

Chimera is the. - SS
enigmas. Herbrood i s formed
Umbral arid Dream r
mera takes a hodgepor

mysteries and

112 Umbra

bere afar aa onan"


intoher brood, muchas the Stargazers take werewolves
ofall origins into their tribe. Chimera values wisdom,
and most of her brood reflects this bent.

Menegubo, fhe Papehnork Moff

Willpower 10, Rage 5, Gnosis 8, Essence 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Freeze, Materialize,
Open Moon Bridge, Realm Sense, Re-form, Shatter
Glass, Tracking, Umbraquake

Image: The Patchwork Wolf is a bizarre
Frankenstein's monster of aspirit. It'sseemingly grafted
together from many different Garou. His pelt is a
motley of many different colors; his eyes and ears and
mismatched, and one side of his snout is longer than
the other.

History: The Patchwork Wolf is an ancient
spirit and does not speak of its origins. Accordingly,
there are many stories concerning the genesis of this
unique Jaggling.

Stargazer legend says the creature was created long
ago, in the time of the hero Klaital, near the end of the
Impergium. At this time, the tribes called a moot to
discuss the lifting of the Impergium. Tensions ran high
on both sides of the issue, however, and argument
exploded into battle. By the time Klaital arrived to cast
his vote, the other Garou were dead, torn into pieces
on the bloody ground.

Distraught, Klaital summoned Chimera. She
caused the pieces of the dead Garou to whirl up and
into life, then mystically grafted the pieces into one
composite being. This being hovered over the re-
maining corpses, then said, "Farewell, pack mothers
and fathers. | carry the wisdom of all of you, the
wisdom you disregarded in attacking your own kind.
Twill not fall in conflict with other Garou, for lam
the child of Garou conflict." After uttering a final
Howl for the Departed, the being left with Chimera.
Klaital, humbled, bore news of the event to the rest
of the Garou.

The Silver Fangs dispute this claim. They say that
Meneghwo was created from the corpses of great Garou
heroes following a great struggle with the Bastet. The
Fangs say that Gaia Herself made the creature as a
tribute to the Garou's valor, then appointed Meneghwo
as a protector to Chimera.

Habitat: The Patchwork Wolf dwells ina realm at
the borders of Dream — a vast, fog-shrouded moun-
tain. The realm is remote and difficult to reach save
through Dream. Legends say that, if slain, Meneghwo
re-forms whole in this realm.

Spiritual Correspondences: Meneghwo represents
the wisdom that Chimera represents, but additionally

Chapter Three: Spirits

SN ee

embodies courage and loyalty (he is Chimera's knight
and champion).

Material Correspondences: To call the Patch-
work Wolf, a summoner must gather blood or hair
from five different Garou, then place the mixture in
a bag with pine needles and crushed pine cones.
Following this, the summoner must burl the bag into
a fire that is allowed to burn until doused by waters
from the next rain.

Gift Lore: Per his nature, the Patchwork Wolfcan
teach many Gifts: Gifts of war, Gifts of dream, and
powers known to wolf-spirits and chimerlings.

Taboos: As a being made up of all Garou,
Meneghwo cannot fight any Garou. Meneghwo often
sinks into Slumber, but can be awakened by throwing
the dust of five dead Garou on him (this act grants the
participant two temporary Honor points).

Attitude: Meneghwo is friendly toward all Garou,
but dislikes internecine squabbles among the tribes
and will not stand for such things. He's particularly
fond of Stargazers and likes to indulge them in discus-
sion of Dream.

Chiminage: Those whoseek Meneghwo'said should
agree to promote unity among the Garou Nation.

Ukfena

Uktena's small, reclusive brood:consists of be-
ings with affinities for water, shatlows, and secrets.
Unlike Owl, Uktena values mysteries not merely for
their own sake, but als@ifor the power such things
grant their possessors. Like many water-spirits, par-
ticularly of the serpent vatiery, Uktena is a creature
of great wisdom and lore, knowledge that can turn
on anyone who u: is ‘ena's followers
tend to be either: ine water-spirits like itself
or reclusive, eerie spititsswho've™ en (or been
forced) to turn away from their former broods and
take up with the Water Serpent.

Jiake Fugybog

Willpower 7, Rage 5, Gnosis 9, Essence 21

Charms: AirtSense, Materialize, ParalyzingStare*,
Re-form, Tracking

Image: Snake Jagglings can appear as any carthly
snake. They typically take the form of a snake indig-
enous to (and famous in) the area where they're
summoned: copperheads or moccasins in the Ameri-
can South, adders in Europe, pythons or cobras in Asia,
or anacondas in the Amazon.

History: As most students of human mythology
are aware, the snake is an old spirit. In some cultures,
the snake is the villainous instigator of the Great Fall;


in others, the snake is the servant of Creation or the
guide to the Dreamtime. In any event, snakes are
almost always the repositories of wisdom, forbidden or
otherwise. Uktena, it's said, isas mucha mighty snake-
spirit as the snake Jagglings that are his children.

Habitat: Snake Jagglings can appear in many
places. Some of the oldest dwell in Pangaea. Others
live in glades or Glens in the Penumbra, near earthly
domains where their material counterparts dwell.

Spiritual Correspondences: Snakes represent
many things to many people. Some represent decep-
tion and cunning. Others represent endings and begin-
nings, or perhaps healing. Most represent wisdom and
hidden secrets.

Material Correspondences: To summon a snake
Jaggling, a shapeshifter should have some part of a
snake: a scale, fang, shed skin or other bit (preferably
gotten without violence). Nagah can summon these
spirits without such paraphernalia. To bind a snake
Jaggling into a talen or fetish, the fetish in question
should bear images of serpents or be made of snakeskin
(again, the skin should be gotten without killing the
snake in question).

Gift Lore: Snake-spirits can teach Gifts affili-
ated with stealth and wisdom, as well as the Gift:
Paralyzing Stare.

Taboos: Snake-spirits' taboos commonly re-
flect the nature of the snake in question. For ex-
ample, a cobra-spirit fears mongoose-spirits. A wa-
ter snake should never let itself become completely
dry. A rattlesnake-spirit must always give warning
prior to attack.

Attitude: Snakes tend not to care overmuch
about others' doings. Dealings with a snake-spirit
depend primarily on what you offer it in return (and
snake-spirits can hear just fine, though they might
pretend otherwise).

Chiminage: Treating the snake respectfully and
flattering it in a subtle fashion are good ways to start.
Snake-spirits like to trade secrets, and a shapeshifter
with an interesting secret can go far in getting a snake-
spirit's aid. Snake-spirits may also ask supplicants to go
on quests benefiting their earthly kin — for example,
freeing a rare specimen from captivity, or stopping a
poaching ring that hunts snakes for their skin.

Nerdigo

To some, the icy malevolence of great Wendigo is
more fearsome than even the fiery rage of Fenris.
Formerly the noble totem Sasquatch, Wendigo has
grown dark and bitter through his many struggles with
the Wyrm and the loss of his treasures. He is the
shadowy hunter who sends fear-chills into the most

114

ll —

ee

monstrous of Banes, andswhileshe is a protector of
Gaia, he is all too eager toreapa blood-price from those
who dare to beseech his.aid.

Those who would follow Wendigo are the out-
casts, the desperate, the bitter for whom few things in
Realm or Umbra provide any pleasure. Hungry for the
life they deny themsélyes, therspirits of Wendigo
attempt to assuagé theif needs.in savage flesh-feasts.
They commonly tip their way into Engling packs, and
other spirits givethose of Wendigo a wide berth.

Tee Haunfer®"

Willpower 6, Rage8, Gnosis 7, Essence 21

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast (freezing breath), Cre-
ate Wind, Freeze, Frozen Breath, Materialize, Re-form

Image: Ice haunters are made from ice, and their
hearts are frozen lumps that can be warmed only by
ingesting human flesh and blood. They seem human-
oid, but bluish and frostbitten, with feral stares and
gaunt frames. Their claws and teeth are those of
predators, and their breath is a freezing wind.

History: Ice haunters are repulsive cannibal spir-
its in service to Wendigo. Most Garou believe they're
created when a starving human resorts to cannibalism
out of desperation. They stalk the frozen northern
reaches in search of lost or wandering humans, whom
they chase down and eat. These violent spirits have no
mercy and can't be reasoned with; if it's human, they'll
try to eat it. No other food gives them sustenance.
Even homid Garou are fair game, though lupus and
metis are inedible to them and thus ignored.

Wendigo Garou occasionally summon these spir-
its to fight their enemies, though even they fear the
wretched entities. Ice haunters generally don't attack
homid Wendigo Garou, out of fear that the Wendigo
totem himself will be angered and eat them. Some-
times, though, if hungry enough, they'll make the
attempt. A Garou who can't defend himself against a
hungry ice haunter deserves to be eaten anyway, as far
as Wendigo is concerned.

Habitat: Ice haunters stalk taiga and tundra re-
gions in the material world, along with the Penumbral
areas juxtaposing them. If they venture too far into the
warm lands, they'll melt.

Spiritual Correspondences: Ice, snow, winter,
hunger

Material Correspondences: To summon an ice
haunter, a summoner must have enough ice for the
creature to form into a body when materializing. It
must also have some human flesh for it to eat.

Gift Lore: An ice haunter can teach virtually all
Wendigo Gifts.

Umbra

a


Taboos: Ice haunters fear fire. Fire inflicts three
extra dice of damage on them. As well, prolonged
exposure to above-freezing temperatures will melt them,
as it would an equivalent-sized block of ice.

Attitude: If it can't eat you, an ice haunter will be
indifferent to you. If you're good eatin', you'd best be
prepared to run.

Chiminage: Predictably, ice haunters demand one
thing and one thing only for their services: human
flesh, in a quantity befitting the nature of the service.
Ifencountered free roaming in the Umbra, they might
be appeased with the simple promise of human flesh...
for a little while.

Naforae

Naturae are various spirit aspects of Gaia — the
embodiments of different earthly phenomena. In some
ways they're akin to the Shinto concept of "kami."
Rocks, trees, animals and bodies of water can all have
naturae affiliated with them.

Typically, a naturae is linked to a certain earthly
phenomenon; if that phenomenon is destroyed, the
naturae dies. For example, damming a river will de-
stroy the water elemental that embodies the river,

while clear-cutting a forest will kill some tree-spirits
and sicken others.

lent Spi

Plant spirits are among the most ubiquitous of
Gaian naturae. In this age, many plant spirits have
chosen to enter Slumber and must be awakened with
gifts of Gnosis. Some occultists consider them to be
elementals (aligned with the element of Wood), while
others consider them to be a separate class of spirit. In
any event, they are generally good-hearted and aid the
Changing Breeds however they can, though they're
also peaceable and reluctant to participate in violence;
werebeasts with uncomfortably high Rage find it diffi-
cult to befriend plant spiritst

OK

Willpower 9, Rage.
(depends on age)

Snosis 8, Essence 20-80

sin the bark that
"or boughs that re-

semble gnarled arms.

Chapter Three: Spirits


AA

History: Long ago, oaks were everywhere, and
oak-spirits often interacted with the humans and
shapeshifters of the pre-Impergium world. They were
sought out as teachers and chroniclers, renowned for
their wisdom.

After the Impergium, humans forgot about the
oak-spirits, and large areas of forest were cut to make
room for the expanding human population. Fearful
and sad, many oak-spirits entered Slumber, though a
few managed to survive and stay awake — often with
the help of shapeshifters. Now most oak-spirits await
the rebirth of Gaia and the dismantling of the Gaunt-
let — if that happy day should ever come at all.

Habitat: Oak-spirits dwell in the Penumbra near
the trees that house them. A few have taken up root in
Pangaea, the Legendary Realm and other lands.

Spiritual Correspondences: Oaks represent
strength, serenity, and wisdom.

Material Correspondences: Because an oak-spirit
is always near its earthly tree, itneedn't be summoned.
However, a shapeshifter must make a small offering to
get the spirit's attention. A few drops of blood, which
represent the sap of the ritemaster, are enough to
awaken most oak-spirits.

Gift Lore: Oak-spirits can teach Gifts involving
the control of plants, forests, or the sky.

Taboos: An oak-spirit must always honor a re-
quest from a bird- or squirrel-spirit (these animals
spread the oak-spirit's seeds).

Attitude: Oak-spirits are neutral toward most
beings, friendly toward Children of Gaia.

Chiminage: In exchange for favors, an oak-spirit
commonly asks that supplicants plantseeds or preserve
asection of forest. Oak-spirits will sometimes consent
to enter fetishes, but the shapeshifter must offer up a
piece of bark or acorn coated in its own blood,

Oak-spirits are gentle creatures, and creatures
with high Rage frighten them. A shapeshifter with a
Rage of 4 or greater will find communication with an
oak-spirit impossible, nor may such a shapeshifter
activate an oak-spirit fetish.

Gerncnfal

Among the most universally known spirits are
those that represent the substances that make up the
world as humans and shapeshifters know it. These
primordial beings are thought to be the eldest chil-
dren of Gaia, and most Changing Breeds give them
respect accordingly.

There are many types of elementals. In the West,

learned occultists speak of the four elements of Air,
Earth, Fire, and Water. In the East, the elements

| 116 Umbra

stretch from Water (the element most filled with Yin)
through Metal, Earth, Wood, and Fire (the element
most filled with Yang). Air is not considered an ele-
ment in the East, though air-spirits are spoken of as
"Wind-dukes" and given great honor nonetheless.

Few know what to make of the new elementals
that have appeared in the End Times. Recently,
spirits of glass, electricity, plastic and substances even
more bizarre yet have appeared in the World of
Darkness. Some shapeshifters say these creatures are
blasphemous minions of the Wyrm; others maintain
that they've been around forever but remained unno-
ticed, or are simply new faces of the ever-changing
whole that is Gaia.

Allelementals of a type are considered to be of the
same brood, and elemental Gafflings, Jagglings,
Incarnae and even Celestines exist. Some Umbral
travelers claim that elementals group themselves into
great courts; others, that elementals have no true rulers
or social structure. Elementals rarely deign to explain
themselves or their ways to material beings, and so this
aspect of their society is largely mysterious.

Elementals can be benevolent or hostile depend-
ing on the particular aspect of the element they
convey. The laughing undine of a pure mountain
stream will undoubtedly be friendlier than the hag-
queen of the deeps who delights in raising storms and
dragging exhausted swimmers down to her polyp-
covered castle. Few are of the Wyrm, but some
elementals have certainly fallen and become Banes.
In particular, one branch of Pentex specializes in
capturing elementals and "processing" them into
forms hostile to Gaia. These elementals of Balefire
(Fire), Smog (Air), Toxin (Water), and Sludge
(Earth) are among the deadliest spirits known; their
very presence is a blasphemy upon the Earth.

The following spirits are representative of only a
few elementals; Storytellers should feel free to adjust
these Traits freely to represent elementals of greater or
lesser power.

Ap
Willpower 3, Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Essence 18
Charms: Airt Sense, Create Wind, Materialize,

Sometimes they t a
always, this shape is graceful and perfectly formed.
When angry, though, air elementals literally darken,
their forms dissolving into seething masses of amor-
phous mist and howling wind.


History: Air elementals are the firstborn of
Gaia, existing in the great Void before there was
anything else in the universe. They are vastly intel-
ligent beings, and given to answering questions, for
air elementals see themselves as the inventors of
speech (which is, after all, dependent on Air).
However, they tend toward the abstruse and capri-
cious; talking to an air elemental is like listening to
an entire conclave of voices talking randomly about
whatever topic strikes their individual fancies. Other
elementals see them as flighty and pretentious, and
they like to answer questions in the form of riddles
and wordplay in order to demonstrate their intellec-
tual superiority.

Habitat: In the material world, air elementals
dwell in the clouds and the upper reaches of the
stratosphere. The more violent storm elementals dwell
down in the troposphere, where they can easily de-
scend to shriek and roar at the silly material beings
below. Certain of the more enigmatic elementals re-
move themselves to the ionosphere or exosphere,
whence it's easier to access the strange landscapes of
the Deep Umbra.

Inthe Umbra, air elementals prefer the Aetherial
Realm. They also love to "tailgate" along the Um-
bral Wind.

Spiritual Correspondences: Air elementals rep-
resent wind and air in all its manifestations: storms,
breezes, gusts and hurricanes. Ona more abstract level,
they also represent speech and certain aspects of ratio-
nal thought.

Material Correspondences: Silver, circles, wind
instruments

Gift Lore: Air elementals can teach Gifts pertain-
ing to the creation, manipulation and control of winds
and the sky.

Taboos: Air elementals may not violate the do-
mains of the other elementals. They may not travel
below the surface of the water or deep within the earth,

Attitude: Air elementals love to talk, but dis-
dain their inferiors (which constitutes nearly every-
thing that isn't an air elemental). They hate being
disturbed, so summoners had better be interesting,
obsequious, or both. An irritated air elemental's
vengeance may take a number of forms, from a
sudden gust of wind that tears clothes and rips items
out of hands to an outright attack.

Chiminage: Talk, and lots of it, and all about the
majesty of the elemental are good ways to start. Air
elementals love flattery; this, along with music, will
often bring around a surly sylph.

Chapter Three: Spirits

——————————EEe

Ss

Svf6

Willpower 10, Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Materialize, Re-
form, Umbraquake

Image: Earth elementals tend to take large, mas-
sive forms that look like crudely hewn rock glistening
with quartz depésits and othefiminerals. A few more
sophisticated earth elementals take theform of marble
statues r the like. Most earth elementals speak in
rumbling, grating, harsh yoiées (on the rare otcasions
thatithey choose to spéak at all),

History: Earth' elementals are the firstborn of
Gaia, the foundation onwhich she built the rest of the
world. Whether thisiis true ornobis indeterminate, but
earth elementalsa@re certainly old beyond comprehen-
sion. They remember Ages long before the Impergium,
and the very fossil record is theirs for the reading.

Habitat: Earth elementals prefer the Penumbra to
the Umbra (which is too open for the agoraphobic
creatures). They prefer to dwell deep within the earth's
crust or mantle, in rocks that have never known the
touch of drill or chisel. In earlier ages, earth elementals
dwelt near the surface of the earth and would often aid
the Changing Breeds; now, however, they dwell far
apart and are nearly impossible to find.

Spiritual Correspondences: Earth elementals
represent the "bones" of the land itself: the rocks,
mountains, hills, and minerals. They are slow to anger,
but devastating when they do; manifestations of this
anger include earthquakes and rockslides.

Material Correspondences: Jewels, stones,
bones, harvests

Gift Lore: Earth elementals may teach any Gift
involving the control or transformation of the earth,
soil, rocks, minerals, or similar things.

Taboos: Earth elementals must always remain in
contact with the earth. They lose 5 Essence per turn
when not touching the ground.

Attitude: Even moreso than other elementals,
earth elementals tend to be gruff and aloof. They are
busy battling the other elementals (keeping the raging
fire elementals imprisoned in the earth's core, keeping
the continents safely above the roaring oceans) and
have little time for the doings of lesser beings. Even the
affairs of the Triat seem of little consequence to them;
earth elementals take the long view of such conflicts.

Chiminage: Earth elementals tend to be more
receptive to requests for aid against other elementals,
who continually buffet the rocks with their energies.
They also suffer from the depredations of human
development, so any plan to stop mining, drilling, or
clear-cutting will often meet with their favor.

117

NY

|


peer rer wen ree enarencon ve ommery sar a rempumurrensenaren

ae AA

Fire
Willpower 5, Rage 10,Gnosis 5, Essence 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Blast (flame), Create Fires,

Materialize, Re-form
Image: Fire element

appear as roaring colu

tals ca be fearsome. They
, walls, or balls of flame,

animals. The color and inte
depending on the elemental

History: Fire elemental
as the driving force that s!

and Power.

e firstborn of Gaia,
e rest of the world.
owth given form.
ie new may emerge,

tice, and so they magnani-
fire to the earliest humans,
se against all the other
ep the powers of death
and darkness at bay @& ver vigilant against the
vampires and other horrors that skulk in the shadows.

Habitat: Fire elementals roam the Umbra as
they please. They are especially common in the
Aetherial Realm, in the court of the sun. They may
be found anywhere, though. In the material world,
the most powerful fire elementals are kept locked
away at the core of the earth, guarded by earth
elementals who fear that they'll raven to the surface
and unleash the Final Days.

Spiritual Correspondences: Flames of all sorts;
passion; rage; change

Material Correspondences: Flames, igneous rocks,
gems, gasoline, nitroglycerine, ashes, smoke

Gift Lore: Fire elementals can teach any Gift
relating to the generation or control of fire and heat.

Taboos: Fire elementals may not travel in or near
water or water elementals.

Attitude: Fire elementals tend to be friendly, but
passionate to the point of madness. They love to roar
and dance and ignite things around them. They might
try to light a living creature on fire, merrily unaware
that this sort of thing hurts. Generally, fire elementals
are friendly — too much so, sometimes — and well
disposed toward summons.

Chiminage: Fire elementals like combustibles.
The better something burns, the happier they are.

Wafer

Willpower 6, Rage 4, Gnosis 10, Power 30

Charms: Airt Sense, Cleanse the Blight, Flood,
Healing, Materialize, Re-form

so that they'd hi

creatures of the

118

J aa

Umbra

Image: Water elementals can appear as amor-
phous puddles of water, as waterfalls or geysers, or as
living waves. They can also form themselves into
watery versions of people or animals.

History: Water elementals are the firstborn of
Gaia. They are the primordial substance from which
all life emerged. Everything comes from water, and
to water everything returns. Living creatures are
made up primarily of nurturing, |
Where there is no water, life a
Gaia c cannot exist.

mentals to exist in the
ft , oceans cover most of the
pla are plenty of places in the deeps
where tiny can gather and flow freely.

Spiritual Correspondences: Waterelementals rep-
resent water in all its forms, from the nurturing spring
to the violent tsunami. On a more abstract level, they
represent intuitive thought.

Material Correspondences: Water and things
from the water (seashells, starfish, seaweed)

Gift Lore: Water elementals can teach Gifts
pertaining to the creation, manipulation and control
of water, lakes, rivers and the sea.

Taboos: Water elementals may not leave their
element.

Attitude: Water elementals are fickle and change-
able, though not as mercurial as air elementals. The
disposition of a water elemental depends largely on the
condition of her home body of water. A foul body of
water makes for a surly creature. Water elementals
despise pollution and are likely to help Fera who wish
to put a stop to polluters.

Chiminage: Water elementals prefer honest,
simple requests to clever wordplay. They also enjoy
expressions of dance. They'll take tribute tossed into
their home body of water, bur strongly prefer biode-
gtadable tribute.

, Essence 20
Blast (shrapnel),
Materialize, Re-form ©
Image: Metal e
shapes. Some appearé
ever metal they repr
mated suits of armor,
forms of clanking robo:
by bolts, rivets and scre
History: Metal elemen'
the newer elementals in tl

an take many
y statues of what-
TS appear as ani-
others take the
ings held together

considered among
West, though the


shapeshifters of the East have long recognized and
treated with metal elementals, considering them equal
to all other elementals. Metal elementals consider
themselves the progenitors of human civilization and
the lords of advancement and progress. In this sense,
they have ties to the Weaver. They don't condone the
wanton environmental destruction of the Wyrm, but,
unlike other elementals, do concede that Gaia's face
may be altered in the name of progress and the better-
ment of all Her creatures.

Habitat: Whether in the material world or the
Umbra, metal elementals dwell in natural or worked
metals. They especially prefer well-crafted items: mas-
terwork swords, statues, and the like.

Spiritual Correspondences: Metal elementals
represent metals of all times, whether natural or
alloyed. They also represent the ways of civilization,
industry and advancement. A few represent money
and currency.

Material Correspondences: Deposits of metal,
blades, tools, currency, industrial music

Gift Lore: Metal elementals can teach Gifts
pertaining to the creation, manipulation and con-
trol of metal.

Taboos: Because their goals differ from those of
their fellows, metal elementals may not associate with
or even confront the other ancient elementals (air,
earth, water, fire).

Attitude: Metal elementals speak plainly and
directly, but are hard bargainers. Summoners who call
up a metal elemental had best be prepared to haggle,
know exactly what they want, and not waste the
elemental's time.

Chiminage: Metal elementals typically want tan-
gible favors, and they want things spelled out in
writing. They like new technology, loud noises, and
some will even take cash payments (what they do with
the cash is unknown, but some werewolves theorize
that wads of cash grant status among the tribe).

In the End Times, many new elementals have
emerged in the world. Many shapeshifters fear these
creatures, saying that they're embodiments of Wyrm
corruption. Others say that they're simply reflections
of Gaia's natural change. In any event, these creatures
make powerful allies — or relentless foes.

Yate

Willpower 8, Rage 6, Gnosis 5, Essence 19
Charms: Armor, Materialize, Re-form, Shapeshift,
Spirit Static

Spee sence ees a mreseren reeds ee

Chapter Three: Spirits

Image: Most commonly, plastic elementals take
the form of a hodgepodge of plastic goods fused into
aroughly humanoid form. Some more sophisticated
elementals, though, look like enormous action fig-
ures, complete with plastic accessories such as weap-
ons and gear.

History: Plastic elementals haven't been around
long, but have skyrocketed in population since the
1950s. Since that time, they've claimed various do-
mains in the Penumbra as their own. Because their
status among elementals is still very low and because
they're resistant to Wyrm poisons, they're often shoved
into Wyrm-tainted areas.

Habitat: Plastic elementals inhabit Penumbral
domains around manufacturing plants, junkyards, de-
partment stores and toy stores. As mentioned, they
also form crude communities in Wyrm-tainted zones,
since they're very resistant to being corrupted or eroded
by Wyrm energies. Hardy and adaptable, plastic
elementals can live nearly anywhere. In the material
world, they can live innearly any plastic, but the prime
spots are in action figures.

Spiritual Correspondences: Plastic elementals
represent plastics. They also represent modernism and
adaptability.

Material Correspondences: Nearly any plastic
item can aid in summoning one of these eager-to-
please elementals.

Gift Lore: Most plastics' Gifts are pretty weird,
but a plastic elemental can teach a few tricks involv-
ing creation and shapeshifting; Reshape Object is a
prime example.

Taboos: A little underconfident, plasticelementals
try not to make waves. They won't confront any
minions of the Weaver, or any other elementals.

Attitude: Plastic elementals tend to ignore the
doings of the spirit world. They're more interested in
scientific advancement in the material world. They're
friendly creatures, and they want nothing more than
to prove their worth. Plastic elementals like human
children, who play with action figures and treat them
with love. A mission to protect or rescue children will
likely appeal to these creatures, who'll take action-
figure form and travel "to infinity and beyond" in
pursuit of what's right.

Chiminage: More than anything, plastic
elementals want to be treated respectably. They feel
that theircontributions to the world have beenslighted,
particularly by the snooty earth and water elementals
that look on them with disdain. Plastic elementals are
pretty open to doing favors for shapeshifters in return
for consideration down the road.


a AA
Lectoldy

Willpower 6, Rage 7, Gnosis 5, Essence 18

Charms: Airt Sense, Blast (lightning), Control
Electrical Systems, Materialize, Re-form, Short Out

Image: Electricity elementals typically take the
form of balls, walls or arcs of crackling static electricity.
Sometimes they'll form themselves into a crude
quasihuman shape, but this is rare.

History: Electricity elementals first appeared in
the late 18" century, when the power of electricity first
began to be the subject of experimentation. They
multiplied rapidly in the 19" and 20% centuries; now,
in the 21*, they're ubiquitous.

Habitat: In the material world, electricity
elementals dwell amid circuitry and computer systems.
Inthe Umbra, they dwell in the Scar, the CyberRealm,
and the Glass Walker homeland, among other places.

Spiritual Correspondences: Electricity elementals
represent electricity; they also represent progress and
the Damocles' sword of science.

Material Correspondences: Circuitry, magnetos,
dynamos, turbines, and other places where electricity
is created or harnessed.

Gift Lore: Electricity elementals can teach Gifts
pertaining to the creation, manipulation and control
of electricity and machinery.

Taboos: Electricity elementals must remain near
a power source at all times. They may be grounded
and shorted out through forcing them into noncon-
ductive surfaces.

Attitude: Electricity elementals' attitudes and
behavior are capricious and inscrutable. They tend
toward obsessive personalities and nigh-insane urges.
They won't hesitate to shock somebody just for look-
ing at them funny.

Chiminage: Electricity elementals like being made
into fetishes, particularly powerful or destructive ones
that show off their sheer "juice." They also appreciate
tribute of conductive material such as ferrous metal.

Ga

Willpower 4, Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Essence 18

Charms: Blast (glass shards), Materialize, Shat-
ter Glass

Image: Glass elementals can be beautiful or hid-
eous, depending on the elemental in question. Some
take the form of gorgeous stained-glass sculptures.
Others take the form of jagged, jigsaw caricatures of
living creatures made up of countless shards.

History: Glass elementals were among the first of
the newer elementals to appear, as they began emerg-

120

7

Umbra

ing in the Renaissance. Originally they considered
themselves a higher development of earth elemental,
but gruff rejection from their would-be "kin" has left
them with a chip on their shoulder. Now they try to
prove their superiority to other elementals, and will
not hesitate to make any alliance that serves this end.

Habitat: Glass elementals dwell in the material and
spiritual counterparts of theirelement. Thousands dwell
in the CyberRealm and the Glass Walker Homeland.

Spiritual Correspondences: Glass elementals rep-
resent their element. They also represent the tangible
but transparent barriers to thought and action, such as
prejudices, neuroses and phobias.

Material Correspondences: Stained-glass cre-
ations, particularly masterworks

Gift Lore: Glass elementals know Gifts affiliated
with their element. Many also know Gifts pertaining
to windows (through space, time, etc.) orother portals,

Taboos: Glass elementals are friendly with
Glass Walkers, the first tribe to give them respect.
They won't attack Glass Walkers, no matter the
provocation.

Attitude: As mentioned, glass elementals have a
chipon theirshoulder about their status in the elemen-
tal pantheon. Unlike the easy-goingplastic elementals,
glass elementals can be neurotic, delicate, tempera-
mental and extremely vicious when crossed.

Chiminage: Artworks, particularly glass creations,
please the aesthetic sensibilities of the glass elementals.
Flattery is also effective. Summoners should keep these
beings' brittle nature in mind. One wrong word or
perceived slight can send a glass elemental into a
shrieking frenzy of attack.

Bane Clemente
© Hoglings (Smog)
Willpower 3, Rage 8, Gnosis 7, Essence 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Blighted Touch, Choke*, Cre-
ate Wind, Materialize, Possession, Re-form, Updraft
© Furmlings (Balefire)
Willpower 5, Rage 9, Gnosis 5, Essence 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Blast (balefire), Blighted

Touch, Create Fires, Materialize, Possession, Re-form
© H'rugelings (Sludge)
Willpower 9, Rage 4, Gnosis 5, Essence 20.
Charms: Airt Sense, Blast (sewage), Blighted
Touch, Materialize, Possession, Re-form, Umbraquake
© Wakshaani (Toxin)
Willpower 3, Rage 7, Gnosis 7, Essence 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Blast (toxin), Blighted Touch,
Flood, Materialize, Possession, Re-form

a


Image: Bane elementals are corrupted versions of
the four classic elementals. Smog (Air) elementals
appear as reeking, noxious clouds of toxic smoke.
Balefire (Fire) elementals appear as horrid, charred
corpses limned in greenish balefire. Sludge (Earth)
elementals appear as bubbling blobs of tar, sewage or
slime. Toxin (Water) Elementals appear as acrid pools
of withering, corrosive poison.

History: Bane Elementals are created through the
Wyrm corruption of Gaian elementals. It's said they
began appearing after the mass industrialization of the
planet and the creation of Pentex processing facilities,
although some occult manuscripts such as the Chronicle
of the Black Labyrinth hint that they may have emerged
much earlier.

Habitat: In the material world, Bane elementals
haunt factories, landfills, Black Spiral caerns and
other places of foulness and filth. In the Umbra,
Bane elementals dwell in the Scar, Malfeas, and
various Blights.

Spiritual Correspondences: Bane elementalsrep-
resent the forces that eat away at the natural land-
scape. They also represent spiritual pollution.

Material Correspondences: Filth of any sort

Gift Lore: Bane elementals can teach Black Spiral
Dancer Gifts.

Taboos: Bane elementals cannot abide the touch
of completely pure elements that counter their na-
ture. A smog elemental shrieks and flees if fanned
with a breeze free of any pollutants, a sludge elemen-
tal dissolves if immersed in completely pure water,
and soon. However, thanks to the ever-present touch
of humanity, there are very few completely pure
examples of the elements left anywhere near human
civilization, so the Bane elementals are relatively free
to roam where they like.

Attitude: All Bane elementals live to befoul the
Gaian landscape and destroy its creatures, both ma-
terial and spirit. Balefire elementals tend to be the
most wrathful and violent, sludge elementals tend to
be bullies, smog elementals tend to be profane and
condescending, and toxin elementals tend to be
subtle and devious.

Chiminage: Bane elementals always demand
destruction of the natural world as payment for
their services.

Noon Sits

Luna has long been a symbol of fertility, and
accordingly she has a large brood affiliated with her.
Because the Garou have such ties to the moon, they
often interact with various members of Luna's brood.
The most common of such spirits are Lunes (see

SN Nn ee

Werewolf: The Ap:

Noonshadthe

Willpower 3 (Zunder' 1 MO
under full moon), Gnosis 3 (7 un |

| Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Re- form, Shapeshift

"Image: The darksome counterparts to Lunes{
Moonshadows appear as nebulous indigo silhouettes of
ly creatures. They can change their shape intga
reflection of anything they desire. They om-

icate via empathic telepathy, sharing emotions.
History: Moonshadows are Luna's gift$‘to her
faithful. Every creature affiliated wit dina has a
Moonshadoiy, as a sort of * ‘guard

creatures don make themselves kn

unless he calls upon! Luna for aid.

Habitat: Moonshadows dwell on the dark side of
the moon, ina cool, dim area of calming blue shadows.

Spiritual Correspondences: Moonshadows are
guardian anamae of Luna.

Material Correspondences: Dark cloth and pa-
per, incense, soft music, shadows from phosphores-
cent light

Gift Lore: Moonshadows teach Gifts affiliated
with the moon and with darkness.

Taboos: Bright light is hurtful to Moonshadows,
driving them into Slumber.

Attitude: Moonshadows are friendly toward
werewolves and any other being partial to the moon;
they are less friendly toward Mokolé and Rokea, and
downright indifferent to Nuwisha, Ananasi and Corax.

Chiminage: Moonshadows can be bound by per-
sonal pacts, in a manner similar to Unicorn Anamae.
They may be entreated simply by calling on Luna.
They will w6V@P enter fetishés, how. x9
shapeshifter who forces
enemy Of Luna i

ny others exist,

Biro theircharge

As Peciple of er n,
brood. er, theiWyld's sp

Wold
partially of the Wyld, bh

around the Wyld's minions.
ation, butalso chaos and

The Wyld embodies cre-
ity — even horrific

Chapter Three: Spirits


a OA"

possibility. Interacting with the spirits of the Wyld is
like trying to deal with an insane asylum of demigods.
Still, when battling the Wyrm, sometimes its estranged
sibling is the only place to which one can turn for aid.

Ntaffeon

Willpower 8, Rage 7, Gnosis 6, Essence 21

Charms: Airt Sense, Break Reality, Materialize,
Re-form, Shapeshift

Image: Nearly anything; malleons are constantly
changing shape, extruding and retracting paws, talons,
heads, tentacles, pseudopodia and anything and every-
thing else. They even change size, from enormous to
tiny and back again in a matter of seconds.

History: As with many Wyld creatures, malleons
have noreal "history;" they simply are and always were.
It's impossible to trace exactly when they were birthed
by the Wyld, or perhaps changed into their current
state from another spirit.

Habitat: Malleons tend to stay in the Deep Umbra
or the Wyld Reaches of the Aetherial Realm. Some-
times they pass through the Flux Realm. However,
they can be found nearly anywhere in the Middle or
Deep Umbra.

Spiritual Correspondences: Malleons represent
chaos and madness, as much as they represent any-
thing at all.

Material Correspondences: None.

Gift Lore: Malleons can teach Gifts of change,
disguise, mind alteration and illusion.

Taboos: Malleons fear the Pattern Web and will
not approach realms bound by it.

Attitude: By earthly standards, malleons are in-
sane. They can fluctuate from friendly to hostile and
back again in an instant. They are great tricksters and
love to play pranks on boring, staid material beings.
Going along with their tricks might get you on a
malleon's good side, or it might get you killed.

Chiminage: Malleons don't practice chiminage
per se, as they don't bother to honor any pacts they
make. They might do a favor for a shapeshifter if he
makes it sound interesting enough.

Color Siohag
Willpower 10, Rage 1, Gnosis 9, Essence 20
Charms: Airt Sense, Re-form, Intangibility*
Image: Color strings appear as small, whirling
threads or helices of color. Some remain one color,
while others flicker rapidly between hues. They bounce,
float, spin and generally appear like something out of
a children's cartoon.

History: Color strings seem to have been
around since the earliest days of the Umbra. Like
most Wyld spirits, they seem to have no purpose
beyond simply being.

Habitat: Anywhere in the Umbra, except lands
held by the Weaver or Wyrm.

Spiritual Correspondences: None, really

Material Correspondences: Color strings seem to
have a spiritual connection to bright, ever-changing
colors, such as those cast by a prism, although they do
not openly react to anyone carrying such.

Gift Lore: Color strings don't teach Gifts.

Taboos: None known.

Attitude: Unlike their more dangerous brethren,
color strings seem to be playful. They'll whirl around
travelers, tie themselves in their fur, and otherwise
make silly pests of themselves. Sometimes they'll pass
through one ear of a traveler and out the other, or
challenge travelers to tag or hide-and-seek.

Chiminage: Color strings sometimes volunteer to
act as Umbral guides. Occasionally, they'll even get
you to where you need to go. But, like most Wyld
beings, they don't practice chiminage as such.

Grit

Dream Banat

Willpower 6, Rage 3, Gnosis 9, Essence 18

Charms: Airt Sense, Corruption, Dream Jour-
ney*, Neutral Scent*, Re-form

Image: Dream Banes are appropriately nightmar-
ish in form; no two are exactly alike. They tend to
embody the irrational fears or dream figures of their
latest prey, such as faceless or voiceless men, warped
childhood memories or unnatural insects. Some, how-
ever, choose to corrupt their targets with honey, and
take the form of demon lovers or succubi.

History: Notall spirits of nightmare belong to the
Wyrm; fear is not inherently corrupt. However, these
spirits go one step further than most nightmare-spirits,
actively using their victims' fears and latent desires to
encourage them to commit vile acts in the waking
world. Each Dream Bane was once an "uncorrupted"
spirit of dream or nightmare but has since fallen into
the service of the Wyrm.

Habitat: Chimares

Spiritual Correspondences: Like all Banes, Dream
Banes are spirits of corruption and destructive emo-
tions. In particular, they are associated with fear and
shameful desire.

122 Umbra

a:

pear inp eerie

Py UF)


Material Correspondences: Mirrors, particularly
cracked ones, draw Dream Banes' attention. They are
also mildly fond of bedsheets soaked with the sweat of
a terrified dreamer.

Gift Lore: Dream Banes teach Gifts only to Black
Spiral Dancers; they teach Gifts of fear and illusion,
such as Terrify or Doppelganger.

Taboos: Dream Banes are deathly afraid of
the moment their victim wakes, and try to flee
whenever their target stirs or starts to realize that
they're dreaming.

SS

Attitude: Dream Banes are an oily lot, always
attempting to insinuate their way into others' psyches.
They relish gaining the emotional upper hand, but
quail from targets that are stronger than themselves.
They hate Gaian shapeshifters, but prefer to strike at
such enemies subtly; a Dream Bane will not reveal its
true nature if it can help it.

Chiminage: Black Spiral Dancers are said to
appease Dream Banes by guiding the spirits to
sleeping innocents, which the Banes prize over all
other victims.

Chapter Three: Spirits

ee. eS See re EN


One of the most enjoyable features of Werewolf:
The Apocalypse is the fact that it can encompass so
many stories and genres. Chronicles can incorporate
everything from rip-and-smash action-adventure to
transformational odysseys of deep spiritual discovery.
Of course, when a prominent feature of the characters
is their ability to transform into superhumanly strong
and tough, nine-foot-tall killing machines, it's some-
times easy to forget about the Changing Breeds as
beings of spirit as well as matter.

As such, stories involving the Garou's other
innate ability — that of traversing the Umbra —
have the potential to be very special. When inter-
acting with the bizarre denizens and "landscapes" of
the Umbra, players and Storytellers have the poten-
tial to leave behind the mundane cityscapes and
mechanistic blight of the World of Darkness. In the
Umbra, the Garou can truly live up to their poten-
tial as creatures of legend.

The Sor Rufé

When running Umbral stories, application of
one key rule can make the difference between wonder
and boring normalcy. This rule, which could well be
known as the Silver Rule, is simply this: Make visits to

Chapter Four: Storytelling in the Umbra

the Umbra special. The Umbra is a special place. For
the Garou, it is their connection to Gaia and the
fountainhead of their magic. It is the better half of the
world, a half from which they're all too often tragi-
cally cut off. The Umbra is not supposed to be a
public-transit system or convenient cellar into which
characters can duck when threatened. When the
Umbra becomes just another superhuman power in
the character's arsenal, to be whipped out and de-
ployed with no more thought than using a firearm,
much of Werewolf's unique ambience is lost.

In the real world, spirit quests and vision rituals
were important cultural glue for the tribes that prac-
ticed them; they were matters of solemn ceremony,
not undertaken on a whim. As the Storyteller, you
have every right to ask spirit-traveling characters
what they hope to accomplish by entering the spirit
world. Characters who "just want to hang out" are
probably not in the proper frame of mind to access the
Umbra in the first place.

Onbired Lorypelng Tecbohguat

When running stories set in the Umbra, the Sto-
rytellershould use techniques of description and mood
generation to make the place seem different from more

a i TORE AT


om ed AAD

mundane adventures. A trip to the Umbra should
seem like an exciting diversion, not more of the same
old, same old. Following are a few tricks to help you
simulate this.

The Umbral world is generally perceived as more
vibrant and colorful than the stagnant, more flat
physical world. Storytellers should present characters
with panoplies of color, sound and odor that they just
don't experience in the World of Darkness. Which is
not to say that all Umbral vistas are the spiritual
equivalent of a Grateful Dead T-shirt, merely that
even the most cynical characters experience a pang of
realization at just how blue the sky is, how fresh the
grass smells, etc. Visually, the Umbra has texture —
objects become sharper or more rugged to the eye;
blacks become deep and all-absorbing while whites
take on a near-luminescence; reds seem to bleed while
grays seem to be cool as stone. This increased texture
works for ill as well as good, of course; an area blighted
by Wyrmish taint will seem all the more vibrantly,
aggressively poisonous in the Umbra. Good or bad, the
Umbra's visuals should never be stale.

The Umbra is composed of spirit-stuff, ephemera,
which is a living part of Gaia. As a result, objects that
are normally inanimate in the material world can be
imbued with life and sentience in the Umbra. Just like
in Alice in Wonderland, objects such as trees, stones,
mechanical devices and the like can move, speak, even
display personality traits, subject to the Storyteller's
desire. And, as with Alice in Wonderland, the laws that
a realm or creature follows don't have to make any
sense to material beings.

Umbral travel resembles a dream as much as it does
travel in the waking world. Indeed, much Umbral
travel takes place via the medium of dreams. If you
remember some of your own dreams, you know that
distortions of time, logic and space can happen at a
moment's notice — for example, a scene can simply
fade into another, or the characters can just... go
somewhere because that's where they're supposed to
be at that moment.

Sometimes, synesthetic effects occur.
Shapeshifters can smell colors, or see sound, or taste
music. Again, while the Umbra shouldn't be the
equivalent of a corny Oliver Stone acid trip, a light
application of such effects can make it very clear just
how eerie the Umbra can be.

Shapeshifters are more athome in the Umbra than
most material beings — but they should never be truly
familiar with the place. Always be prepared to throw a
curve ball to players who are getting too comfortable
with Umbral travel. The road doesn't have to lead to

126

os


the same place it led to last time... and sometimes,
things happen that just can't readily be explained.

Storytellers should be prepared to go with the flow
regarding clever players creatively defying the region's
"natural" laws. For example, it's not inconceivable
that a werewolf surrounded by enemies could use the
Might of Thor Gift to stamp a fissure in the earth, then
jump through it to another realm entirely. Or, a
werewolf might be able to climb the tallest oak in an
Umbral forest, then, after swiftly changing to Lupus
form, jump from the treetop into the Aetherial Realm
in the clouds overhead. A wily Theurge who wins an
Enigmas contest with a water-spirit might even be able
to make the spirits home river flow uphill for a scene.

Asa "devil's advocate" point to the above, though,
remember that you're dealing with real players who
need some frame of reference to play their parts in an
enjoyable story. Weirdness is fine, in fact encouraged,
buta story that comes out more like Naked Lunch than
a mythological quest will throw off a lot of players.

Change the environment of the playing area. For
example, light the place with candles instead of turn-
ing on the electric lights. Burn incense; play some eerie
musics opposed to the thrash/industrial/techno/metal/
whatever you use when the pack is going to go kick ass.
Decree that all Umbral interactions must be resolved
by roleplaying: no dice allowed.

Serypeling Spiele

Likewise, interaction with spirits should funda-
mentally differ from interaction with material beings.
A Garou who parleys with a totem, Incarna or Bane
should feel as though she's talking to something... not
like her, or like humans, animals or any other denizen
of the material world.

A spirit is commonly the embodiment of an idea,
thing, or concept, and it must act according to the
dictates of that concept above all else — sometimes
in ways that seem fanatical or even frightening to the
more well-rounded denizens of the material world.
For example, when playing the part of a spirit of War,
the Storyteller should keep in mind that every fiber of
that being is devoted to the pursuit of war. It literally
has no other purpose. Spirits with the same purview
still have individual personalities — "war" can en-
compass everything from bloodthirsty berserkers to
cocky top-gun fighter pilots to weary veterans — but
the spirit will follow its purview with a devotion that
can be downright scary to less monomaniacal sorts. A
Garou who traffics with a spirit of War for the purpose
of trying to enlist its aid to build a caern, for example,
is likely to be disappointed.

Chapter Four: Storytelling in the Umbra

SS

When running a spirit, Storytellers might want
to take a cue from Isaac Asimov's "Laws of Robotics."
The laws were innate programming to which all of
Asimovy's robots were subject. They could try to find
clever ways of accomplishing tasks that defied the
programming, but they could no more outright defy
the programming than you or | could will ourselves
not to breathe.

In similar manner, Storytellers might want to
make a list of a few "laws" under which each encoun-
tered spirit must work. When interacting with the
players' characters, the spirits must try to accom-
plish their goals in accordance with these laws.
Clever players can discover the laws and use them to
their advantage.

Cntey and BUF

An easy way to make travel to the Umbra seem
special is to modify, or even outright alter, the rules
governing entry and exit. Storytellers who decide that
characters aren't in the properly reverential frame of
mind to enter the Umbra can decree that the Umbra
is off limits. A cynical Bone Gnawer who doesn't give
arat's ass about Rat or any other totem discovers one
day that... he can't go to the Umbra. He can be chased
by a horde of Black Spirals, he can stare into the rear-
view mirror until his eyes pop out. He's lost the
connection to Gaia that allows him to walk between
worlds, and until he goes on a quest of atonement, he's
stuck in the World of Darkness just like any monkey.

Likewise, certain areas of the Umbra play out more
like nightmares than real places. In these zones, char-
acters may not be able to escape the soul-scarring vista,
no matter how many reflective surfaces there are or
what their Gnosis is.

This is not to suggest that Storytellers screw over
their players at amoment's notice. Golden Rule or no
Golden Rule, players have aright to expect that things
work more or less the same from game to game. Still,
the player who puts a lot of effort into treating the
Umbraasa sacred place should gain more out of it than
the player who pops in and out for convenience's sake.

Thame and Mood,

Theme and mood are important in any World of
Darkness chronicle, but they are doubly so in the
Umbra. A journey to the spirit world is as much an
exploration of the visitor's soul as it is an actual trip to
anywhere, and so the way the character perceives and
feels is as important as the "physical" landscape itself.

As previously mentioned, Umbral travel should
never be undertaken casually, and so the Storyteller
should have acleartheme in mind when she designs an

|


ne OA

Umbral story. Indeed, each story should play out like
ajourney, with aclearly delineated beginning, middle,
and end. Ideally, the character should have learned
something from the experiences. If he hasn't, maybe
he's not ready to leave yet.

For example, suppose the theme of the story is "the
characters must learn that too much Rage is as deadly
as too little." Perhaps the characters enter the Umbra
in search of a naturae spirit. Upon arrival, the charac-
ters find the naturae's Glen assailed by Banes. The
characters throw themselves into the fray — but such
is their anger that the psychic energy of the struggle
poisons the Glen, and the naturae falls into Slumber.
The characters must now quest for a mystic artifact to
awaken the naturae, and this quest leads them to the
Battleground, where they experience the horror of
mindless carnage. The artifact is in the hands of a
powerful Umbral Jaggling, but instead of bargaining
for the artifact, the characters attack the Jaggling with
the intent of stealing the prize. The Jaggling retreats
from the Battleground, disappears into the Null Zone,
and the characters lose any chance of finding the
artifact. Finally, after taking a wrong turn on the way
home, they find themselves immured in Erebus, as
punishment for their foolhardiness.

Some themes naturally suggest themselves de-
pending on the realm to which the troupe travels. A
trip to the Atrocity Realm is more likely to involve
themes of guilt, violence, and redemption than a trip
to the Summer Country.

To establish mood, the Storyteller can use some of
the same tricks she uses to evoke mood in the material
world. However, since the Umbra is half a dream
anyway, she can be more blatant, painting mental
pictures with broader strokes. For example, to convey
the savagery of Pangaea, the characters might witness
a titanic, bloody battle between two ravening dino-
saurs. When entering the Black Furies tribal home-
land, the characters might be greeted by an eerie Greek
chorus rising from far up the misty, pine-shrouded
hills. And some realms, such as the Atrocity Realm,
exist solely to convey a mood.

Norypdling Ubirel Travel

One interesting technique that can be used to
convey the feel of Umbral travel is to change a scene
depending on the characters' — or even players' —
state of mind. Forexample, the characters are traveling
through a relatively serene glade in the Umbra when.
they come across a suspicious and possibly malevolent
spirit. The pack's Ahroun, headstrong and foolhardy,
attacks the spirit, spending half his Rage in the process.
The spirit flees, but the character's psychic effluvia

128

ane

taints the journey thereafter; the trees, formerly shel-
tering, now seem to twist and rustle menacingly; a
howling wind whips through the branches; thorny
brambles begin to impede the characters' path.

This can happen even more readily when entering
azone controlled by apowerful spirit. When a powerful
Jaggling or Incama hits the scene, the very landscape
(which is, after all, ephemera) warps and changes to fit
its mood. A powerful moon-spirit might cause the
entire world (as far as the characters can see, anyway)
to glow with silvery motes, while the arrival of a
Maeljin Incarna might cause everything in the vicin-
ity to sprout razored steel barbs.

Firathadortag

Prophecies, omens and portents are the meat and
drink of the Umbra. Stormcrows descend from the
heavens to caw out mocking warnings. Stag-spirits
flash out of sight into distant Glens, The very stones
speak to the characters, warning of imminent doom. A
Jaggling from one's totem appears, speaking a cryptic
tiddle. Umbral denizens are ideal for injecting a little
foreshadowing into one's chronicle.

Omens are events that have their genesis in the
supernatural (often Umbral) world, but manifest in
the material world. For example, suppose the story
revolves around a monstrous Wyrm Incarna, a servant
of the Defiler Wyrm that manifests in the form of a
sickly child. This spirit intends to appear in the mate-
rial world and wreak havoc. Before the Bane actually
makes its attack, the characters might have several
preliminary encounters involving disease, children, or
both. All the children in a nursing ward might sud-
denly take sick, or formerly healthy Kinfolk might fall
mysteriously ill, or the characters might simply dis-
cover anest full of sickly young birds, abandoned to die
by the mother.

An Umbral journey — particularly, though not
necessarily, one through the Dream Zone — can
foreshadow events in the material world. For example,
if one of the characters' Kinfolk is about to be victim-
ized by akiller, the character might meeta very similar
creature in the Atrocity Realm. Or the characters
might discover a weird type of Bane in the Penumbra
—an advance scout fora villain in the material world.
Dream Sequence

Normally a peripheral part of stories set in the
material world, the dream sequence technique can be
pivotal to characters that wish to venture into the
Umbra. Given that the Umbra is literally "the stuff of
dreams" anyway, it makes perfect sense for characters
to use their dreams as a way to enter — or even
manipulate — the spirit world.

Umbra

eee liaeeecemmcamlioy"


Atits most basic, the dream sequence can be used
in standard fashion by Umbrally atruned characters.
Werewolves with high Gnosis might regularly receive
omens and portents, explained as residual connected-
ness between the character and the Umbra. Beings and
locales from the Umbra might regularly appear in the
character's dreams. A character may well experience a
dream sequence before the beginning of a story, then
experience events reminiscent of the dream sequence
while in the Umbra during the story itself. In such
cases, the character might be able to make Enigmas
tolls to understand the dream, or even to alter the
dream as it's occurring (for example, to see what lies
behind a "hidden" door during the dream, or to escape
ahorde of nightmare creatures long enough to discover
the Bane that unleashed them).

The connection can extend further. Characters
might travel to the Umbra in dreams, as part of a pack
visionquest rite or a solo journey. This can be done by
entering the Penumbra, then falling asleep and enter-
ing the Dream Zone.

The Storyteller can simulate dream-travel in one
of two ways. He can simply decree that characters
entering the Umbra in dreams are physically present in
the spirit world and are subject to all of the risks that
condition entails. This is not unreasonable; as
shapeshifters are composed as much of spirit as matter
anyway, an argument can be made that, for them, a
dream-body is "real" and tangible. It is, after all, near
impossible to divorce a werewolf's spirit from his flesh.

The second way to run a dream-based story is for
the characters literally to project their consciousness
— their souls, for want of a better term — into the
Dream Zone. Essentially, while the werewolves' bod-
ies (and spirit halves) remain in the physical world,
their consciousness takes on a half-formed incarna-
tion in the Dream Zone, becoming something like
ephemera. While in this state, the characters don't
have access to their true spirit forms, only to what-
ever strengths they can marshal through their own
force of personality. They can "physically" interact
with the objects and spirits around them, but the
tules are different. To represent this disconnection, a
character substitutes his Manipulation for his Strength
Trait, Wits for Dexterity, Intelligence for Stamina,
and temporary Willpower for health levels. Thus, ifa
werewolf's dream image gets involved in a brawl with
an ephemera of the Dream Zone, the player would
roll Wits + Brawl to strike with a claw attack, and
Manipulation for damage. If the character runs out of
temporary Willpower, the dream ends and the
werewolf awakes as if from a nightmare (potentially
having suffered a health level or two of actual sympa-


|

ne OA

thetic damage, at the Storyteller's discretion) — in
all likelihood, no closer to achieving his ends than he
was. This variant approach isa little more generous to
the characters, since the danger is much lessened; on
the other hand, it may be much more nerve-wracking
for players with physically oriented characters to find
themselves in a situation where their might has been
stripped from them.

Lywbolem

Myths and legends are rife with symbolism. Char-
acters and artifacts from Zeus's thunderbolts to Odin's
eight-legged horse (symbolizing a coffin's bearers, and
thus death) to the Golden Fleece to the serpent in the
Garden of Eden are all representative of some larger
truth or meaning. Umbral quests are a great place to
incorporate similar symbolic motifs, in large part due
to the malleable nature of the spirit world.

The characters themselves might display symbolic
manifestations of their personalities — for better or
worse — in the Umbra. For example, a Garou with
high Rage and a penchant for violence might have a
perpetual stain of blood on her fangs and claws when
appearing in the Umbra. A character with high Gnosis,
Honor and Rank might manifest a shimmering crown.

Nearly all spirits represent something. The "Spiri-
tual Correspondences" section listed with the spirits in
this book describes some of the ways in which spirits
can stand for larger issues. For example, in defeating a
storm-spirit, perhaps the character is confronting her
own Rage. If an oak-spirit enters Slumber in the
Umbra, perhaps the old and wise among the charac-
ters' sept are being callously cast out into the wild,

For other ideas involving symbolism, pick up some
of the works of Carl Jung, or study an encyclopedia of
mythology. In particular, the items and accouterments
used by the various deities often have a symbolic as
well as a literal meaning.

Camecreff

In myth, the ability to answer riddles often spelled
the difference between a hero's success and grisly
demise. Stories from the tale of Oedipus and the
Sphinx through The Hobbit involve the use of riddles
to defeat foes not easily overcome through brute force.
It'saclassic motif and one well worth appropriating for
the myths you and your players are creating.

For example, the characters might come upon a
deadly spirit or Bane whose function is to guard a
particular place, being or item. As Storyteller, make it
clear that the characters are unable to best this foe
through physical force (and give the spirit the Traits to
back it up). The spirit then challenges the characters
to a contest of gamecraft. If the characters win, the

130

=

spirit leaves, turns over its charge, or what have you. If
they fail, something... bad happens.

Ideally, the riddle contest is performed in "real
life," with the players actually attempting to answer a
few riddles of the Storyteller's creation. However, the
gamecraft can also be simulated with resisted Enigmas
rolls. Each net success on the character's Enigmas roll
might cost the spirit a certain amount of Power. Failure
drains a certain amount of temporary Willpower from
the character; when temporary Willpower is reduced
to zero, the character falls under the thralldom of the
spirit (and must be rescued by other characters).

Syory Seed

Each Umbral realm has specific story seeds af
filiated with it (see the appropriate realm descrip-
tion for details), but the Umbra itself can play host
to countless stories. We've included a few sample
story ideas hereafter.

© A character with the Ancestors Background
suddenly finds herself unable to commune with her
ancestors. When she tries, she receives visions of her
ancestors, who are screaming, moaning and clearly in
distress or agony. The character and her pack must
quest into the Umbra to discover what is ailing her
ancestors and alleviate the curse.

¢ A similar story involves the distress or kidnap-
ping of the characters' totem spirit. Perhaps the totem
is menaced by a Bane or imprisoned by a rival spirit
lord. In any event, until the characters free their
totem, they will have no access to their Background or
any of the advantages gained thereby.

A lord among the elemental spirits native to the
Penumbra has become sick, mad, orsimply gone rogue,
and this is causing disaster in the material world. For
example, a sick or angry river-spirit might cause the
nearby river to dry up or flood its banks, to the
detriment of the Garou and Kinfolk nearby. The pack
must enter the Penumbra, seek out the elemental, and
rectify the problem by one means or another.

¢ A new and extraordinarily virulent plague is
ravaging the nearby area. In the material world, this
might manifest as a viral strain, bacterial poisoning, or
even STD. In the Umbra, though, the plague is being
spread by Bane-spirits of disease, who are pricking or
shooting victims with spiritual darts that cause the
disease. Like shamans of old, the characters must enter
the Umbra to hunt down the plague-spreaders and
cure the disease.

© The characters are in need of a particular
piece of information, and the only being known to
possess the answer they need isa great Incarna spirit

Umbra

cca lita rise


dwelling in one of the Umbral Realms. The pack
must go questing for this spirit, entering its home
Realm in the process. Once there, they must per-
suade the spirit to help them, and this can entail a
quest of some sort as well.

¢ A particular region in the Penumbra has
become absolutely inhospitable to all spirits — from
Jagglings to Incarnae, and seemingly even including
Banes. This "dead zone" is like a barrier that permits
no spirits to pass beyond its boundaries. The charac-
ters, however, as half-material beings, can pass into
the region to discover its origin. Perhaps something
in the material world is generating the "dead zone,"
or perhaps the heretofore-unknown phenomenon is
produced by something mysterious to material and
spirit beings alike.

bred Chrowkdlr

Most chronicles involve the Umbra at one point
or another — but it's also possible to run "Umbral
chronicles," in which journeys into the Umbra consti-
tute a major portion of the stories to be told. Depend-
ing on the specific nature of such a chronicle, charac-
ters may spend more time in the Umbra than they do
in the material world.

Storytellers should use caution when designing
Umbral chronicles. The Umbra is supposed to be a
weird and mystical realm of the soul, and using it as
a mere "Earth-2" can cheapen the impact of the
spirit world. Overexposure to the Umbra can dull
the characters' reaction to it, as well as dilute the
revelatory, transformational nature of journeys into
the spirit world.

On the other hand, there's nothing intrinsically
wrong with "Dr. Who"-style chronicles involving
intrepid werewolves who hop from Umbral realm to
Umbral realm in search of adventure. In this case,
the Umbral chronicle becomes a sort of "Nine
Worlds" or "traveling the planes" series of stories;
characters may routinely interact with whole na-
tions, cities, and races of spirit-beings, traveling
back to the material world only rarely.

SO

¢ Threat from Beyond: The characters' pack is
dedicated at its rite of passage to eradicating the
menace of one particularly powerful and malevolent
Bane and its brood. The Bane's machinations extend
into the material world, and it certainly has material
allies and servitors, but its primary base of operations
lies in the Penumbra or Umbra — perhaps in the
Atrocity Realm, the Scar, or even (for truly frighten-
ing chronicles) Malfeas itself. As the characters in-
crease in knowledge and power — thus gaining the
ability to battle and defeat the great Bane's minions
one by one — they gradually quest deeper and deeper
into the Umbra. At the chronicle's climax, the char-
acters, now experienced spirit travelers, must face
down the primary foe in its Umbral lair.

© Wagnerians: The characters are part of a special
Garou society whose duty it is to search for another
Gaia-realm. The Wagnerians believe that the world-
soul of the current Gaia-realm is irrevocably dying,
and thus that the only chance for the survival of the
Garou as a whole lies in a mass exodus to another
world. Finding such a world would involve explora-
tions through the various Umbral Realms, as well as an
eventual journey through the Deep Umbra.

* Reconsecration: The characters are part of a
sept in or near an urban area. Banes from the Scar or
Weaver-spirits from the CyberRealm have damaged
the spiritual tapestry in the region, and this has in turn
blighted the sept, the Garou, and the area itself. Crime
is pervasive, pollution is rampant, depression and
suicide (and Harano) claim victims in both the human
and Garou population, and a general feeling of hope-
lessness permeates the chronicle. To save their sept,
the characters must learn to battle the Banes on both
the material and Umbral fronts. This chronicle will
culminate with a journey into the Umbral Realm from
which the Banes stem, as well as a great rite to cleanse
the surrounding area. Gathering the necessary materi-
als and completing the appropriate quests to perform
the rite will also involve considerable Umbral travel.

Chapter Four: Storytelling in the Umbra

———


* Sense Wyld (Level One) — The Garou may
sense Wyld energies or spirits in the nearby area. Any
Gaian spirit can teach this Gift.

System: The Garou rolls Perception + Enigmas
against a difficulty determined by the Storyteller,
based on the strength of the presence.

Raygabath

* Emergency Exit (Level Two) — Sometimes
things go sour, and the most important thing a pack
can know is the way to the nearest exit. This Gift
allows a Ragabash to smell out the nearest exit froma
realm or enclosed space; obviously, it's at its greatest
use in hostile and unfamiliar Umbral territory. Rat-
spirits teach this Gift.

System: The player must spend a Willpower point
and roll Perception + Survival, difficulty 8. One suc-
cess indicates general direction; the more suce
the more information the Ragabash receives. This Gift
doesn't point to the safest exist out — the exit may be
guarded, or lead somewhere worse than the Ragabash's
current surroundings — only the closest.

Appendix

© Sense Weaver (Level One) — The Garou may
sense Weaver energies or spirits in the nearby area.
This Gift is taught by any Gaian spirit.

System: The Garou rolls Perception + Science
against a difficulty determined by the Storyteller,
based on the strength of the presence.

* Sense Wyld (Level One) — As the Lupus Gift.

¢ Parting the Velvet Curtain (Level Three) —
The Garou with this Gift may open the Gauntlet,
physically transporting creatures other than
shapeshifters into the Umbra. This Gift is taught by a
turtle-spirit.

System: The Garou must touch the creature to be
affected; the player spends a Gnosis point and rolls
Gnosis against a difficulty equal to the local Gauntlet
plus one per creature affected. Kinfolk or other
shapeshifters do not add to the difficulty as do other
creatures, If the roll is successful, the Gift user auto-
matically steps sideways along with his passengers.

A maximum of eight other creatures may be
transported in this fashion. While in the Umbra, the

om a cn rn ay


|

a AA"

affected creatures are bound to the Garou with silk
threads. They will always remain by the Garou's side
and must leave the Umbra when the Garou does.
However, the Garou may sever a thread and send a
creature back to its starting point by spending a
Willpower point.

If the affected creature wants to resist either the
initial transition or the return to the physical world,
she may make a resisted Willpower roll against the
Gift-wielder (difficulty 6 for both rolls).

© Web Walker (Level Three) — The Garou may
move across the Pattern Web through the Umbra,
ignored and unmolested by any Weaver-spirits in the
area. This Gift is taught by any Weaver-spirit.

System: To activate this Gift, the Garou spends
two Gnosis points, then rolls Charisma + Science
(difficulty 7). Success enables the Garou to travel
through the Umbra as though she were on a moon
bridge. However, there must be strands of the Pat-
tern Web in the area through which the Garou
wants to travel.

Whodox
© Realm Wisdom (Level Two) — A wise Garou

knows to obey the laws of arealm for maximum results;
however, sometimes those laws aren't immediately
obvious. Although experience is the best teacher,
sometimes a Philodox needs to take a shortcut. By
channeling the wisdom ofarealm'sspirits, the Philodox
can intuitively guess important facts about the realm.
This Gift is taught by an ancestor-spirit.

System: This Gift works in any realm orzone. The
player spends one Gnosis point and rolls Perception +
Law against a variable difficulty; the more obscure or
less traveled the realm, the higher the difficulty. For
example, trying to glean wisdom about the CyberRealm
or Battleground might be difficulty 6, whereas learning
the laws of the Null Zone might be a 9. Each success
gains arelevant fact about the realm, toa maximum of
five successes. The Storyteller determines which facts
are most relevant; for example, if the player gains only
one success in the Abyss, the Storyteller might feel
that the most important fact is "don't fall in; if you fall
into the Abyss, you're lost forever." This Gift functions
only once per visit to any given realm, and doesn't
prevent redundancy; a Philodox might "learn" the
same fact twice in successive visits to a realm.

abla

* Scent of Distinction (Level Three) — This
Gift enables the Galliard to mystically "sniff out"
the general spirit nature of her surroundings (i.e.,
influenced by the Weaver, Wyld or Wyrm; under

134
——

the domain of a powerful Incarna; etc.), as well as
the area's history. For example, a werewolf who
sniffed out a caern might learn about the totem and
purview of the caern, when it was founded, impor-
tant events that happened near it, etc. This Gift is
taught by a wolf-spirit.

System: To activate the Gift, the Garou must
physically sniff out the area (in any form), meditate for
10 minutes or so, spend a Gnosis point, and roll
Intelligence + either Streetwise (for urban areas) or
Survival (for wilderness/rural areas). The Storyteller
determines the difficulty. The Gift may be used over as
large an area as the character can physically sniff, but
information is more specific for smaller areas.

Abroun

* Spirit Savage (Level Three) — In the spirit
world, a warrior often finds himself dealing with
hostile spirits much more often than he'd like. This
Gift allows the Ahroun to brutally savage a spirit
with a bite, impeding the spirit's ability to attack or
defend itself. Spirits find this Gift horrifying, and
are unwilling to aid any warrior who uses it unjustly
(such as against any Gaian spirit). It's taught by
wolverine-spirits, who care little for the opinion of
their fellows.

System: The Garou must successfully bite his
spirit opponent and spend a Rage point. The player
then rolls Strength + Brawl, difficulty 4; if the suc-
cesses equal or exceed the spirit's Willpower, the
spirits Rage is effectively reduced by one point, plus
one point for every extra success, for the rest of the
scene. This Gift can be used only once per scene
against any given spirit, and it cannot reduce a spirit
to zero Rage.

For example, Tanya Riverjumper ignores the foul
stench and clamps down on a Hogling. She gains six
successes; three more than the Hogling's Willpower.
The Hogling loses four Rage for the rest of the scene;
it now has only four dice to attack and defend itself,
and it's probably terrified to boot.

Clack Furhat
© Sense Wyld (Level One) — As the Lupus Gift.
Miboen of Cidla

¢ Parting the Velvet Curtain (Level Three) —
As the Theurge Gift.

Chat Walkers

© Web Walker (Level Three) — As the Theurge
Gift, save that a Glass Walker need spend only one
Gnosis point to activate the Gift's effects.

Umbra

————————


imine Wis \

¢ Virtual Umbra (Level Four) — This Gift
enables a Garou to transport himself into the
CyberRealm's Computer Web (p. 61) from any part of
the Pattern Web. Any spirit affiliated with computers
can teach this Gift.

System: The player spends a Gnosis point and
rolls Intelligence + Computer (difficulty 8). The Glass
Walker may also transport other (willing) characters

into the Computer Web, but attempting this feat raises
the difficulty to 10.

ye

LDistcent bufo the Dark Unfra
Level Three

This rare rite is largely a secret held by the Silent
Striders and the Ivory Priesthood of the Silver
Fangs. By invoking the spirits in the proper fashion,
the ritemaster attunes himself to the Dark Umbra,
allowing him to cross over into the lands of the dead.
This rite demands the sacrifice of a living thing; for
that reason, many of the Garou who know this rite
refuse to use it regularly, for fear that too much
bloodshed for selfish reasons will bring the eye of the
Wyrm upon them.

System: The ritemaster must make an Intelli-
gence + Rituals roll, difficulty 7; she must then roll as
normal to step sideways across the Gauntlet. If both
rolls succeed, she crosses into the Shadowlands of the
Dark Umbra.

Rie of Dreaming

Level Three

Enacting this rite enables any number of
shapeshifters to travel together through the Dream
Zone. The enactor of the rite must paint a series of
symbols on each of the rite's participants, all the while
intoning the mystic phrases to accompany them. After
this is done, all participants imbibe a special pasty
concoction of certain mystic herbs, then go to sleep.

System: The leader of the rite rolls Charisma +
Rituals (difficulty 7). The greater the number of suc-
cesses, the greater the dream's clarity and the more
control the characters have over it,

Characters using this rite may enter Dream either
from the material world or the Penumbra.

Ripe of Pomecomtag

Level Three

This rite enables a Garou to travel instantly to her
tribal homeland from any point in the Umbra. Mem-
bers of the rite leader's pack may also accompany her.

System: No roll or expenditure is needed; how-
ever, the ritemaster must be in good standing with her

ANNs ee

totem. Silent Striders may not access their homeland
with this rite.

Pte of the Speer Forge

Level Four

This rare punishment rite is reserved for culprits
who have proven themselves to be demonstrably
tainted yet who are deemed to yet have some hope
of redemption. If performed correctly, this rite cre-
ates a direct link between the target and the Near
Realm of Erebus; the next time the target steps
sideways, she appears in Erebus rather than the
Penumbra, and cannot leave until Charyss has
deemed her "cleansed." This rite works only against
Garou targets; non-Garou do not possess the proper
connection to Erebus in the first place.

System: The rite is handled with the usual roll
fora punishment rite (Charisma + Rituals, difficulty
7). The participants must know the target and must
believe wholeheartedly that she is guilty of crimes
against Gaia, but capable of repenting. The rite
participants do not have to be in the presence of the
target — all that is required is that they know the
target's Garou name and be within 100 miles of the
target. Upon successful completion of the rite, the
ritemaster must then make a Gnosis roll (difficulty
of the target's Gnosis).

If the rite is cast unjustly, the ritemaster suffers
the effect instead, and must account for his lack of
fair judgement in Erebus the next time he tries to
enter the Umbra.

Rips of Pboobes Statr

Level Four

Only Phoebe herself teaches this rite. When prop-
erly performed, this rite transports the ritemaster and
his pack, who must all follow Phoebe (or Sokhta) as
their totem, to the surface of the Aetherial moon. The
tite must be performed within a lunae, one of the
crossroads of moon paths.

System: The ritemaster rolls Wits + Rituals, diffi-
culty 7. Success transports the pack from the lunae to
Phoebe/Sokhta''s domain. Anyone accompanying the
pack that does not follow Sokhta/Phoebe as a totem is
left behind; only the lunar Incarna's children are
brought to her realm.

New Chart

¢ Create Shadows: The spirit can create, shape
and manipulate shadows in the physical world. Apart
from their unusual animation, these shadows are
perfectly mundane, unable to attack or manipulate
physical objects — although they can speak in

|


|

AZ

voices no louder than a whisper. Spirits with this
Charm usually use it to unnerve or frighten humans,
often to drive them away from the spirit's territory.
A Gnosis roll against the local Gauntlet is neces-
sary; the more successes, the more shadow the spirit
is able to manipulate.

¢ Choke: By spending a Rage point, the spirit is
capable of generating clouds of suffocating ash,
smoke or noxious gas. Anyone inhaling the cloud
must make a Willpower roll, difficulty 8, or begin
choking on it helplessly, unable to do more than roll
on the ground or crawl from the area. The radius is
initially 3 yards around the spirit, and the cloud will
drift on the wind for three further turns before
dissipating. Any Garou caught in the cloud for more
than one turn must make a frenzy check.

¢ Dream Journey: The spirit can invade the
dreams of a sleeper. While there, the spirit can
inflict no actual harm apart from very vivid dreams
(which the target may or may not remember upon
waking). This Charm requires the expenditure of a
Gnosis point. If the spirit possesses the Charm:
Corruption, it may use this Charm on the sleeper
during the dream; the target's Willpower is reduced
by one thanks to her vulnerability. If affected, the
target may act on the suggestion at any point during
the next day, but the compulsion passes once the
target goes to sleep again.

¢ Intangibility: By spending one Gnosis and
two Essence, the spirit can become intangible for
the duration of the scene, unable to affect or be
affected by anything around it.

© Neutral Scent: By expending three Essence,
the spirit can conceal its Triatic affiliation. For the
duration of the scene, the spirit does not register to
any Gifts such as Sense Wyrm, Sense Weaver or
Sense Wyld.

© Paralyzing Stare: This Charm works much
like the Shadow Lord Gift of the same name; the
spirit spends one Gnosis point and rolls its Gnosis
against the target's Willpower. The target (who
must be able to see the spirit) freezes in place for one
turn per success.

© Sap Will: The spirit is capable of undermining
a person's resolve and determination. This power is
usable across the Gauntlet. The spirit spends one
Gnosis, and makes a resisted Gnosis roll versus the
target's Willpower; each success drains one tempo-
rary Willpower point. If the target is brought to zero
Willpower, she becomes extremely suggestible, and
will follow almost any suggestion just to find some
direction in her life.

136

Oi

Sobaltavkt

Nigbfwatlor

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Philodox

Tribe: Shadow Lord (Society of Nidhogg)

Rank: 5

Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 4
(3/1/1/1), Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 4, In-
telligence 5, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 5,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 7, Primal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 4,
Crafts 2, Leadership 4, Melee 5, Performance 3,
Stealth 5, Survival 4, Enigmas 5, Medicine 3, Occult 5,
Politics 3, Rituals 5

Backgrounds: The entire Abyss and its secrets are
open to Nightmaster; if he takes the time to look for
something lost within the tunnels, he'll eventually
find it. Nightmaster is notably Pure Bred, but has been
cut off from any access to totem spirits or ancestor-
Spirits.

Gifts: Nightmaster has been around so long that the
Storyteller can presume he has access to any and all
Gifts that seem appropriate; all Shadow Lord Gifts in
particular are his to command. He also wields a unique
Gift granted to him and him alone by the Abyss.

© Stealing the Soul (Level Five) — By focusing on an
opponent, Nightmaster may make an opposed Gnosis
roll (difficulty of his target's Gnosis) against his victim
(difficulty 10). For each success by which he surpasses
his opponent, he drains two points of temporary Gnosis
from his opponent. This is the only way that
Nightmaster can regain Gnosis.

Rage: 7

Gnosis: 10

Willpower: 10

Rites: All

Fetishes: Assassin's klaive; Storyteller's choice of 4-8
other "toys" of the moment.

Image: Nightmaster always appears in his war
form. He is tall even for a Crinos, and his ebon coat is
torn by numerous scars. Instead of eyes, empty pools of
darkness fill his sockets.

Roleplaying Tips: Nightmaster is the embodi-
ment of the Abyss in spirit form. Like other Garou
who have remained too long in the Umbra,
Nightmaster is long beyond mortality. His incredible

Umbra

Ts


INN ee

force of will (and, some say, his pact with the
Abyss itself) keeps him firmly in the mortal form
he once wore, even if his sanity is mildly eroded.
He does not fear the Apocalypse, but instead
anticipates it keenly as a potential end to his
hunger. However, he. sees ithe coming of
Anthelios as both a threat and a challenge. He's
considering a trek into the Deep Umbra in order
literally to eat the Demon Sun — if successful, he
can then turn his attention to Helios...

Fiththet
Hearts of Mbbogbt

Level 5, Gnosis 8

These black gemstones stop Gifts involving
Gnosis from affecting their bearer. They also
prevent the bearer from spending any Gnosis
(although he may still make Gnosis rolls, such as
the one necessary to attune the fetish to himself).
Hearts of Midnight are found only in the Abyss.
Some werewolves murmur that the Wyrm plans
to use the fetishes to strip Garou of their spirits.

| Astbertal Red

Fafptthat
Ncontifier

Any item made from Moonsilver will do
double damage dice to any shapeshifter vulner-
able to silver that comes in contact with it.
Also, unlike silver, Moonsilver increases the
Gnosis of its holder by one. Moonsilver is never
available to a character during character cre-
ation; it can only be quested for, and Phoebe/
Sokhta will certainly punish any person who
misuses such a valuable gift.

Mifaifonet

Level 5, Gnosis 8

Wyldstones appear as small dark pieces of
rock found floating in the Wyld Reaches. When
activated, Wyldstones glow with an entire spec-
trum of color. Activating a Wyldstone lets its
bearer use the spirit Charm: Break Reality as if it
were a Gift. These stones also aid shapeshifters
with transformations; a werebeast who carries an
attuned Wyldstone reduces the difficulty of any
shapeshifting roll by 2.


|

Level 2, Gnosis 7
Fae weapons never dullor break. They function
exactly as earthly weapons (dealing the same dam-
age) until they are activated; they then inflict aggra-
vated damage.

Atrberne Farha Weapon

Level 4, Gnosis 8

The fae of the Arcadia Gateway have a penchant
for ranged weapons —arrows, quarrels, spears, sling
stones, and so on — and tend to grant them slightly
more dramatic powers. An airborne faerie weapon is
much like its mundane counterpart, save that it does
aggravated damage when activated, will not chip or
break, and usually possesses some minor dramatic power.
Such a weapon might do any one of the following:

— fly around corners or through twisting woods
(weapon ignores any modifiers for cover; Werewolf,
pe. 208)

—soar straight towards a drawn mundane weapon
(attacker may "shoot to disarm" at no penalty)

—seek out the most villainous person ina pack of
targets (weapon selects the most "offensive" (to fae
sensibilities) target; no modifiers to the actual roll)

—seek out a target who carries cold iron (weapon
is automatically attracted to nearest target bearing
cold iron, and the difficulty to hit is lowered by 1)

—always return to the hero who [aunches it
(requires Dexterity + Athletics roll to catch it safely)

Fie Atwor

Level 4, Gnosis 6

Faerie armor is lightweight, never wears or breaks,
and never hinders movement or Dexterity. Its appear-
ance is unearthly, like something from a painting. If
worn by a Garou, itshifts form as he does, or (ifdesired)
is only active and usable in Crinos form. In addition,
when activated, it adds three dice to all the Garou's
soak rolls (though it cannot soak silver). Envious
Garou may kill to acquire it.

Arrottty Rela

lobes
[opted Vict bzer
Attributes: Strength 4, Dexterity 3, Stamina 6, Cha-

risma 1, Manipulation 4, Appearance 1, Perception 1,
Intelligence 2, Wits 2

138

iia

Umbra

Abilities: Alertness 2, Brawl 2, Intimidation 3, Melee 3,
Stealth 1, Subterfuge 4, Survival 1

Attacks: Str +1 blade (wounds inflicted by the
victimizer's implements of torture add an additional -1
wound penalty; thus, a character who was brought to
Wounded would be at a -3 penalty to all dice pools)
Willpower: 4

CiberRealn
ohabiartt
Cgplead CoberWoff

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ragabash

Tribe: Bone Gnawers

Rank: 1-3

Attributes: Strength 3 (5/7/6/4), Dexterity 3
(3/4/5/5), Stamina 3 (5/6/6/5), Charisma 2, Ma-
nipulation 3 (2/0/0/0), Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Per-
ception 4, Intelligence 3, Wits 3

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 3, Dodge 3, Empathy 1,
Primal-Urge 1, Streetwise 4, Crafts 3, Drive 2, Fire-
arms 3, Occult 1, Rituals 2, Science 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 2

Gifts: If Rank One, choose four Rank One Gifts;
if Rank Two, add two Rank Two Gifts; if Rank Three,
add one Rank Three Gift.

Rage: 6

Gnosis: 6

Willpower: 6

Rites: Any appropriate

Fetishes: ID Card, others at the Storyteller's
discretion

Image: Scruffy urban street trash, of virtually any
ethnicity and description. A few sport some mechani-
cal parts grafted onto them.

Roleplaying Tips: The average CyberWolf wants
to bring down the Lords of Uptown, as much for fun
as any real concept of replacing them with something
better. They're dedicated to the struggle, but most
aren't visionaries; they have the "topple the bad"
down pat, but aren't fully prepared to "rebuild the
good." In this, they're an excellent object lesson for
player characters.

Nanaghiors
The tiny architects of the realm, nanospiders
appear as metallic dust. Travelling in swarms, they
move about the realm shoring up the pattern webs.
Rage 1, Gnosis 2, Willpower 6, Essence 1
Charms: Solidify Reality

ini


caver Contirycft
Weaver Constructs are composite beings made

up of one to five cyberfetishes. The construct possesses
any and all powers of their component parts; their
Charms lists are highly variable, and the following is
merely a suggestion.

Rage 7, Gnosis 4, Willpower 5, Essence 20

Charms: Airt Sense, Armor, Blast, Control Elec-
trical Systems, Shatter Glass, Solidify Reality

Fifithir

Level 1, Gnosis 3

This card identifies the bearer as an emanation
from Downtown, thus helping to avoid scrutiny in the
CyberRealm.
Geombd Fiegment

Level 3, Gnosis 7

This geometric solid is a piece of an information
geomid. While the fetish is activated, the wielder is
1 to be "of the Weaver" by all Weaver-spirits;
the Gift: Sense Weaver will also register the wielder as
possessing strong Weaver energies.

conside:

Appendix

Stabilizer Pafch (Tiler)

Gnosis 5

This patch resembles a Band-Aid. When pressed
against the skin, it sends swarms of nanospiders into
the shapeshifter's body. The shapeshifter is automati-
cally forced into breed form. Any Banes or other
spirits possessing her body must make an opposed
Gnosis roll against the patch's Gnosis plus the Garou's
Gnosis, scoring more successes, or be expelled. Fi-
nally, the shapeshifter must make an opposed Gnosis
roll against the patch's Gnosis or take one level of
aggravated damage for each success by which the
patch beats her. (This last effect also works against
Wyld- and Wyrm-creatures.)

Boarter Patch (Talon)

Gnosis 3

This patch works similarly to the stabilizer patch.
This patch increases one Physical Attribute by three
points for an entire scene. At the end of the scene, the
shapeshifter must make a Willpower roll. Failure indi-
cates he becomes addicted to the booster patch and

must seek out more.
BS
139
ee

Sr era ne cee a nares arvana remeron)

urfitther

Cyberfetishes are created by binding Weaver-
spirits into a shapeshifter's body; this process turns the
body part in question mechanical. Cyberfetishes are
automatically considered dedicated items, remaining
with the shapeshifter no matter what form he takes;
they also count against the shapeshifter's limit toward
dedicated items (which can be trouble, considering
theyaren'tremovable). Ifharmed,acyberfetish doesn't
regenerate with the shapeshifter, causing further po-
tential problems.

The following areacouple of possible cyberfetishes;
for more ideas, see Book of the Weaver.

Lijbtolng Cart

Level 4, Gnosis 5

Tocreate this fetish, Weaver-spirits are mystically
bound into the recipient's claws. The claws become
metallic and remain extruded even in homid form.
When striking with the claws, the shapeshifter gives
off an electrical shock, adding two dice of electrical
damage to the damage from the claws themselves. The
shapeshifter may also attempt to short-circuit machin-
ery by touching it and rolling Gnosis (difficulty vari-
able, depending on the complexity of the machine).

Sect bide (Technofepth)

Level 4, Gnosis 5

This fetish is created by binding a metal elemental
into a shapeshifter's fur, scales or what have you. The
recipient permanently looks like a chrome statue of a
human, animal or hybrid, making social interaction
with humans downright impossible. However, he gains
three dice to all soak rolls, even against aggravated
damage. This fetish counts as two dedicated items.

Grobit
lobalitarkt
Norrfers of Charyer Brood,

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 3, Stamina 5,
Charisma 0, Manipulation 2, Appearance 0, Percep-
tion 5, Intelligence 3, Wits 5

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 5, Brawl 5, Dodge 2,
Empathy 1, Enigmas 2, Intimidation 4, Occult 3,
Melee 4, Stealth 3

Src0d Spear

Level 5, Gnosis 6

These terrifying weapons are the exclusive property
of Charyss' brood, and cannot be manufactured by

1

a

a A eee

mortal shapeshifters. They are tipped with silver (Str +3
damage, +1 die to Melee rolls) and, when wielded,
burn with silver fire (inflicting +1 health level of
aggravated damage in addition to the normal damage
of the weapon). If a wielder scores five or more suc-
cesses, she impales her opponent (opponent loses
action next turn).

Wafer of the Sifcer Lake (Talen)

Gnosis 8

The waters of the Silver Lake bring serenity and
ease the sting of painful memories. A shapeshifter who
drinks this water gains +3 dice on rolls to heal the
effects of any derangements, including Wyrm-induced
ones. The water's beneficial influence lasts for one day,
althougliany, illnesses overcome during that time do
not reappear.

Fangaca

Jo babitavst
Vbaé
Breed: Metis (deformities not apparent in Pangaea)
Auspice: Philodox
Tribe: Black Spiral Dancer (no tribe in Pangaea)
Rank: 4
Attributes: Strength 5 (7/9/8/6), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 5 (7/8/8/8), Charisma 3, Manipulation 4
(3/1/1/1), Appearance 1 (0/0/1/1), Perception 2, In-
telligence 3, Wits 5
Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 3,
Empathy 1, Intimidation 4, Primal-Urge 3, Subterfuge 4,
Leadership 4, Melee 3, Performance 3, Stealth 5,
Survival 4, Enigmas 4, Occult 5, Rituals 4
Backgrounds: Allies 5 (Zarak-Ur)
Gifts: Vshauik knows all the Black Spiral Dancer Gifts
of level four or lower in the main rulebook, and a
number of metis and Philodox Gifts of lower levels.
Rage: 8
Gnosis: 8
Willpower: 8
Rites: Vshauik knows whatever rites are necessary for
the story; he concentrates on mystic rites over all.
Image: In the material world, Vshauik looks
like a hideous, drooling, snaggletoothed metis mon-
strosity. In Pangaea, though, he resembles a fairly
normal werewolf (if that isn't a contradiction in
terms); the feral light in his eyes seems simply
predatory rather than off-kilter, and his bearing is
respectable if not regal.
Roleplaying Tips: Vshauik, unlike other Dancers
who travel to Pangaea, remembers enough of his tribal

Umbra

en ee


identity to carry out his plan — stirring up the Zarak-
Urcannibals against their neighbors. He can't remem-
ber many details about the spirit that gave him his
orders, although it sometimes becomes partly visible in
his nightmares. On its advice, he has taught the Zarak-
Ur how to use (and worship) fire. Its influence has also
taught him enough to realize that most other
werewolves in the realm, though "of his tribe," are his
enemies. He tries to mislead and deceive any other
Garou he meets in Pangaea.

Sample Divetaor: Large Carvataur

Attributes: Strength 15, Dexterity 2, Stamina 8 (+3
soak), Perception 2, other Mental and Social At-
tributes effectively 0

Abilities: Alertness 3, Brawl 2, Intimidate 9, Stealth 1
Attacks: Str +3 bite, Str stomp (gains +1 die to attack
pools when stomping creatures of Crinos size or below)

Health Levels: 20
Jampfe Dinetayr: Upabrappfor

Attributes: Strength 6, Dexterity 5, Stamina 5, Per-
ception 3, Intelligence 1, Wits 4, Social Attributes 0

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 2, Intimidate 6,
Stealth 4

Attacks: Bite Str + 1, Slashing Talon Str +2 (gains +1
die to attack pools when slashing)
Health Levels: 9

Jéar

Iu babttarkt

JSkree

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Knife-Skulker

Tribe: Ratkin

Rank: 3

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/3), Dexterity 4 (8/6),
Stamina 3 (5/5), Charisma 2 (0/2), Manipulation 4,
Appearance 2 (1/2), Perception 3 (4/6), Intelligence 2,
Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 4, Brawl 3, Dodge 4,
Intimidation 4, Streetwise 4, Subterfuge 4, Crafts 2,
Leadership 4, Melee 3, Stealth 5, Survival 4, Medicine 3,
Rituals 2, Science 3

Backgrounds: Contacts 4, Resources 3
Gifts: Any from the Ratkin list of Ranks One through
Three.

Rage: 7

Gnosis: 4

Willpower: 4

Rites: Any appropriate

Fetishes: Klaive (appropriated from slain Garou)
Image: In human form, Skree has swarthy skin, curly
black hair, horrid teeth, and a wiry, bent frame. In rat


form, he's a huge black beast with particularly disgust-
ing incisors.

Roleplaying Tips: Skree serves the barons of the Scar
as a mercenary, spy, and agent provocateur. It was he,
working from within, who destroyed the Rat totem's
resistance movement. Now he scuttles from one baron
to the next, playing them against one another; he'll be
happy to use any visiting shapeshifters as pawns in his
schemes or (more likely, for he's not so very clever) as
a "gift" toward whichever baron he seeks to impress.

Light Spiders
Rage 8, Willpower 5, Gnosis 6, Essence 19
Charms: Calcify, Sap Will*, Solidify Reality,

Materialize

Wofhorme
Tracktog Colfar

Level 2, Gnosis 5

These collars, when placed on an animal, allow
the Wolfhome scientist with the proper receiver to
track the animal. Otherwise, they have no ill effects.
However, any shapeshifter who's forced to wear one of
these collars loses a point of temporary Willpower and

apoint of temporary Glory until such time as the collar
is removed.

Thad Phomelandt

Lack Finrhar

Cauandra Shadow bVifker

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Theurge

Tribe: Black Furies

Rank: 5

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/5), Dexterity 5 (5/6/7/7),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3
(2/0/0/0), Appearance 4 (3/0/4/4), Perception 5, In-
telligence 4, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 4, Athletics 3, Brawl 5, Dodge 4,
Empathy 3, Expression 3, Intimidation 2, Primal-
Urge 4, Subterfuge 4, Animal Ken 3, Etiquette 4,
Leadership 4, Melee 3, Performance 4, Stealth 5, Sur-
vival 3, Enigmas 5, Linguistics 3, Occult 5, Politics 3,
Rituals 5

Backgrounds: Past Life 3, Pure Breed 3, Totem 5
Gifts: (1) Breath of the Wyld, Heightened Senses,
Mother's Touch, Sense Wyld, Sense Wyrm, Spirit
Speech; (2) Beastmind, Command Spirit, Name the
Spirit, Sense of the Prey, Sight from Beyond; (3)

Sire eras ee ec ns ine wreLuoneri nr asl resocmmreneamevarossiah

14

—_—

ne A Ae

Bacchantes' Rage*, Exorcism, Pulse of the Invisible,
Tongues, Visceral Agony; (4) Grasp the Beyond, Wasp
Talons; (5) Gorgon's Gaze*, Shadowplay, Thousand
Forms, Wyld Warp

*Gift printed in the Werewolf Players Guide

Rage: 7

Gnosis: 10

Willpower: 9

Rites: All

Fetishes: Phoebe's Veil, any others as appropriate

Image: In Homid form, Cassandra is lean and wiry,
with black hairand blue eyes. In animal or hybrid form,
she sports a shiny black pelt with silver markings. She
dresses in a mix of contemporary fashion and nods to
Grecian clothing, such asa Grecian tunicover modern
pants or leggings.

Roleplaying Tips: Cassandra is probably the fore-
most Garou expert on the Umbra, having been forced
to dwell in it much of her life. A committed wanderer,
she nonetheless set such an example for her tribe that
Pegasus herself asked her to take command of the
Black Fury homeland. Cassandra obeyed, reluctantly,
and put an end to her wandering. Now with the
presence of a queen to match her regal confidence,
Cassandra is an imposing figure among an imposing
tribe. A natural prophetess, Cassandra sometimesspeaks
in riddles and oracles. She has tempered many of her
early prejudices, but still dislikes the Get of Fenris,
though she tries to overcome this instinct for the good
of the whole. She doesn't really want to rule over the
tribal homeland, but feels it's her duty, one she does
her best to carry out. She returns to the physical realm
once a year, in order to fight disconnection, but rarely
feels as though she has the luxury to stay long.

Mert Sehders

Weopamet

Breed: Homid

Auspice: Ahroun

Tribe: Silent Striders

Rank: 5

Attributes: Strength 4 (6/8/7/7), Dexterity 4 (4/5/6/6),
Stamina 4 (6/7/7/7), Charisma 4, Manipulation 3
(2/0/0/0), Appearance 3 (2/0/3/3), Perception 5, In-
telligence 3, Wits 4

Abilities: Alertness 5, Athletics 3, Brawl 4, Dodge 2,
Empathy 3, Expression 2, Intimidation 5, Subterfuge 2,
Animal Ken 3, Crafts 2, Leadership 4, Melee 3, Perfor-
mance 1, Stealth 5, Survival 5, Enigmas 5, Linguistics 5,
Occult 5, Medicine 2, Primal-Urge 4, Rituals 5
[Note: Wepauwet's Abilities are actually much higher
than these, although he must concentrate to recall

Umbra

ainmiammmmeimne </.


YN

a

SN es

more than this "instinctive" selection. To remem-
ber Abilities other than those listed here, he must
make the equivalent of an Ancestors roll; the rules
mechanic works in much the same way.]
Backgrounds: Ancestors 7 (not an actual link
with ancestor-spirits; see above), Contacts 5,
Resources 5

Gifts: Virtually all available to homids, Theurges,
Ahroun and Silent Striders, as well as a smattering
of other outside Gifts

Rage: 7

Gnosis: 10

Willpower: 8

Rites: All

Fetishes: As many as the Storyteller cares to give
him.

Image: In Homid form, Wepauwet appears as a
dark-skinned man who dresses inconspicuously. In
Crinos form, he is exceptionally tall and lean.
Roleplaying Tips: Wepauwet is an enigma, and
acts like it. He seems as though he's forever con-
templating a little secret just on the tip of his
tongue. He's not overly prepossessing, but some-
how, he can command respect from the wildest or
surliest Garou.

[Note: Wepauwet was actually made immortal
during his life, a trait that has carried over with his
transition to spirit state. As such, he has persisted
for over 2500 years and, if killed, will eventually re-
form in the Umbra. Treat him as a spirit with an
Essence of 41 and the Charms Airt Sense, Materi-
alize and Re-form.]

143

ace a A TY